BDSM Library - Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman




Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daddy teaches his little girl to be a Woman. A story of incest between Father and Daughter.
Author: Powerone and Nikki
Title: Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman
Part: Chapter 1
Summary: Daddy teaches his little girl to be a Woman.  A story of incest between
Father and Daughter.
Keywords: M+f, anal. oral, virg, incest, teen, bdsm

Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman

Copyright 2003 by Nikki and Powerone.  Comments to the authors can be e-mailed
to nikkiwants2@yahoo.co.uk or Controlher@hotmail.com.

	Michael stood next to Tawny.  He had ordered her to help him.  She was
to wear a skirt, no panties.  As she stirred the food, she felt Daddy's hand
move down over the flat plain of her stomach, his hand had already crept up
under her skirt, rubbing her bare skin.  She began to blush, knowing that her
mother was watching, although she did not know what Daddy was doing to her.  His
fingers moved over her pussy, almost bald, only a small amount of blonde hair
outlining her pussy lips. 

	Tawny's legs began to tremble as she stirred the food in the pan on the
stove.  She was staring over the cooking island, her mother smiling at her as
she sat in the chair, watching her husband and daughter cook her dinner. 
Michael said that they wanted to make her dinner because they had missed her. 
Ann had been on another frequent business trip, leaving Michael to care for
Tawny and her brother Adam.
	
	"Spread your legs," he whispered in her ear.  His hand sought out her
pussy lips, spreading them apart as his finger began to run up and down her
slit.  "Are you going to get wet for Daddy?"  He moved up to her clit and heard
her gasp as he squeezed it.  She continued to stir the food.  "Spread you legs
open more, I am going to put a finger in your pussy," he ordered her.  Another
hand crept lower and pushed against her pussy and began to push in her tight,
hot pussy. 

	Tawny trembled as her pussy was speared by the finger, the other fingers
twisting and pulling on her enlarged clit.  It was only two weeks ago that Tawny
was a virgin.  Now she was standing here, half-naked, fingers abusing her body. 
Daddy had taken her virginity.  He soon taught her to masturbate his cock and
finally to take it in her virgin mouth until he filled it with his hot cum.  He
often stripped her and made her spread her body open for his inspection.  He
told her that her mother would be devastated if she found out that Tawny had
fucked him and that it was her fault.  She had flaunted her body around the
house, teasing him with her young body, half-naked.  He continued to abuse her
every chance he got and with Ann frequently away, Tawny's young body was often
his.

	The family was never a close knit family.  Michael had an excellent job,
but Ann was the ambitious one in the family.  She traveled extensively, Michael
learning early on in the marriage that her job was first and everything else was
after that.  Michael seemed to fall further and further down the list every
year.  Sex with Ann was now almost non-existent, Ann being too busy, not at home
or just plain not interested.  Adam was not his father's son.  Adam was in high
school, handsome, a football player, muscular.  The girls already chased him,
unlike Michael when he was young.  Adam was self sufficient, Ann's absence
having no effect on him.  He just thought that was the way it always is.

	Tawny was different.  Tawny looked like her mother when she was young. 
She was just starting to bloom.  She had small budding breasts, but with large
nipples.  They would soon be like her mother's large breasts.  Her hips were
just starting to flare out, trying to catch up to her firm ass.  Her legs were
long like her mother's and their hair blonde, natural blonde.  Tawny's pussy was
almost bald, the fine blonde hair just barely visible.  With her mother's
absence, she took more to her father, always trying to win his approval.  Her
sexuality was just beginning to form.  That is what started it all.

	It was only three weeks ago that Michael had begun to notice Tawny in a
different light.  Michael was in his mid-forties, ten years older than Ann.  He
still took good care of his body, a weekly routine at the gym providing for
that.  Michael had been attracted to Ann by her blonde hair and large, firm
breasts.  Her long legs accented a well-formed ass.  Tawny's body began to fill
out and Michael had begun to notice it.  In fact it was hard not to notice it,
Tawny seem to flaunt it.

	Ann was gone on another one of her business trip, Adam already left for
school, having to leave early for a football meeting before school.  Michael had
already taken a shower and was dressed and going to go downstairs to make
breakfast.  Ann's and his bedroom was at the end of the hall, Adam's at the
other end and Tawny's in the middle.  The second bathroom was located between
his bedroom and Tawny's.  He was rushing to go downstairs when the bathroom door
suddenly opened and Tawny rushed outside.  There bodies crashed into each other,
with Tawny pushed against the wall, almost falling to the floor. 

	In the panic to prevent a fall she grabbed the table in the hallway,
temporarily letting go of the towel that was wrapped around her body.  The towel
was already too short, just barely covering her pussy, but she had not expected
to run into anyone.  As her hands reached out for the table, the towel slipped
from her body and fell onto a heap on the floor.  She looked up, her face
flushed as she saw her father looking at her, his eyes on her naked flesh.  She
bent down, quickly grabbing the towel and wrapping it around her, her eyes
lowered to the floor, not wanting to see her fathers stare.  "I'm sorry, Daddy,
I just seem to be so clumsy lately," rushing off into her bedroom, closing the
door quickly behind her.
	
	When Michael saw the towel slip from Tawny, his eyes were instantly
drawn to her breasts.  They seemed like only small bumps on her chest, but her
nipples were already big, the areolas a dark brown on her pale skin, the nipples
a lighter color.  He watched as she bent down, her legs spreading wide to pick
up the towel.  Her pussy was almost bald.  Like her mother, her blonde hair made
it almost invisible.  He could see the pink of her pussy as her pussy lips
spread open slightly.  She quickly threw the towel around her and rushed inside
her door, but not before Michael caught a glimpse of her ass, the towel not
quite covering everything in her haste to draw away rapidly from the
embarrassing situation.  Michael felt the familiar stirring in his loins, his
cock beginning to harden.  No, I shouldn't be thinking those thoughts, quickly
rushing downstairs.
	
	Tawny quickly closed her door, leaning against the door, trying to catch
her breath.  Her heart was racing.  This was the first time in her life that any
male had ever seen her naked.  While it was her father, it did give her a
feeling that she did not understand.  It was humiliating, but it was also
exciting.   A man had actually seen her naked body and from his stare, was drawn
to it.  She did not really think of herself sexually until this moment, nor did
she think that anyone else would see her in that light.  She went over to the
full-length mirror.  She let the towel fall to the floor again, this time on
purpose.  She looked at her body.  She ran her hands over her breasts, feeling
her nipples begin to harden.  Some of the other girls had talked about how they
masturbated, but Tawny still had not done it.  She just never felt the need
before today.  She ran her fingers over her nipples, pinching them gently,
feeling them getting harder and more sensitive.  The more she pinched, the
better they felt.  She let one hand stray down over her flat stomach.  She often
wore tops that left her belly naked and was proud of it being so flat.  Her hand
slipped lower, over her abdomen, slowing down as it brushed over her sparse
pussy hair.  She did not have to shave her pubic area for her bathing suits, the
light color of her hair making it invisible.  As her fingers reached her pussy
lips she could feel the wetness.  So that is what the girl's were talking about
when they said they got wet.  She ran a finger down between her pussy slit,
spreading it apart.  Her finger picked up the moisture and spread it all over
her pussy.  She moved it back up, reaching her clit.  She pulled back the clit
hood, revealing her clit in the mirror.  It was tiny, pea-sized and pink.  It
felt harder then usual.   She shuddered as she felt a funny tingling as the
finger brushed over it.  She could feel her pussy getting wetter.
	
	"Tawny, breakfast is ready, hurry or you will be late for school."  The
voice bringing her back to reality.  She quickly began to get dressed.  She went
downstairs, her face still flushed, still embarrassed over the incident with the
towel.  Her top was cut up high, to show off her naked belly.  She was wearing a
skirt, the bottom falling over four inches above her knees, showing a lot of
leg.  She had very long legs and accented them with her skirts.  Sneakers and
socks covered her feet.  The school she attended had very liberal dress code and
Tawny usually pushed it to the limit.
	
	Michael watched as Tawny entered the room.  He cock began to stir as he
saw her.  The short skirt, the naked belly, the long legs.  He could imagine
very graphically now how she looked underneath her clothes.  She looked so much
like her mother when they first met.  He watched as she sat down, the skirt
riding up higher, now just barely covering her panties.  She reached over the
table to get the toast, the top pulling up, her bra visible underneath. 
	
	Tawny hurriedly ate breakfast, wanting to leave and get the incident
behind them.  There was little conversation, both of them feeling a little
awkward.  She stood up to leave and reach over to kiss her father goodbye.  She
pecked his cheek and as she did, she felt his hand slide onto her naked back. 
She got shivers up her back.  Either she had never noticed it before or this was
something new.  Either way, this somehow excited her.  She paused longer then
usual, feeling the hand slowly caressing her skin, her legs trembling.  She
dared not look into her father's eyes, afraid of what she might see. 
	
	"Have a good day at school," Michael's voice breaking up a little as she
stood up to leave.  His hand stayed on her back, her motions forcing it down
lower over her ass as she moved away.  He could feel her firm ass, his fingers
trailing lightly over her skirt.  "Don't forget you promised to be home at 4:00
to let the repairman in, it's important."
	
	Tawny did not even hear him, she was wrapped up in the hand that trailed
down her ass as she left.  She could almost feel his fingers trying hard to
linger on her ass as she moved away.  She hurried out the door.  She could feel
her pussy beginning to get wet.
	
	Tawny met her boyfriend of six months, Jimmy at school.  Friday was the
big dance.  Tawny had bought a new dress, a very, sexy revealing dress for the
special occasion.  Jimmy was two years older than she, even though her parents
did not know that.  He had been pressuring her to let him fool around.  She had
hardly let him kiss her, never mind the many times she had to brush his hand
away from her nipples, or moved his hand off of her thigh.  It seemed to be a
constant source of argument lately.  She was hoping that Friday's dance would
take his mind away from it.  School was mostly uneventful and after school she
hung out with her best friend, Jessica.  While Jessica was the same age as
Tawny, she was much more daring.  Jessica was still a virgin, but had gone a lot
further then Tawny had ever.  Her boyfriend was always playing with her breasts
(they were bigger) and Jessica had told her about the time that he had put his
hands in her panties at the movies and masturbated her until she had cum.  They
spent time at the Mall, looking for some new jewelry to wear for the dance. 
They separated about 5:00 and Tawny headed home.  She knew that Adam was staying
over his friend's house and Mom was away for two more days.  It was just going
to be another silent dinner, so she did not rush home.
	
	Tawny knew something was wrong as soon as she walked into the living
room.  Her father looked at her, a look of disappointment on his face.  She
seemed to do to many things that disappointed him lately, even though she tried
hard to please him.  She had always been closer to her father then mother.  It
just seem lately that nothing ever worked.
	
	"Do you know what time it is, Tawny?"
	
	Tawny looked at her watch, "6:00, dinner isn't ready yet, is it, Daddy?"  
She thought, what did I do wrong.
	
	"Yes it is, but that is not it.  Did you forget something today,
something very important?"  The look on his face said that she did.
	
	She thought about it for a minute and then all of a sudden it dawned on
her.  The repairman for the water heater was coming today at 4:00 to fix it. 
She was suppose to be home to let him in.  "I'm sorry, Daddy, I forgot all about
it.  I will take care of it tomorrow," hoping to salvage what she could.
	
	"It's a little too late for that.  I had to leave the office early in
order to let the repairman in.  Mr. Sanders was not very pleased.  You have been
disappointing me a lot lately.  We will discuss your punishment after dinner.  I
don't want to ruin this day any longer.  Let's go in and eat."
	
	Dinner was painfully slow, the only conversation was a few "pass me the
and thank you."
	
	"Into the living room, we are going to discuss your behavior."  Michael
followed Tawny into the living room, watching her ass as she walked, remembering
the lingering touch his hand had on it this morning.  He could feel his cock
stirring again.
	
	Tawny sat opposite her father, watching his face.  He was mad and more
important disappointed in her.  She hated his disappointment more then the
punishment he would give her. 
	
	"With your mother on the road so much and Adam so enmeshed in school,
there seems to be only the two of us left in this family.  And your attitude
lately has shown a complete disregard for me.  Numerous times you have failed to
do things I requested from you.  It seems like you do not even listen to me. 
This is going to change immediately.  You will be grounded for a month.  You are
to come home after school and no nights out with your friends for a month."
	
	"No, Daddy, not that.  I have the bid dance with Jimmy this Friday.  We
have been planning it for weeks.  I even bought a new dress for it.  Please, oh,
please, Daddy, ground me after the dance," she begged.  She looked up at him,
trying to give him the pleaseeeee look.
	
	Michael looked at her, the pitiful look on her face.  But he did not
have any sympathy for her.  She needed to learn a lesson.  Postponing the
grounding until after the dance would not teach her anything except she could
get away with anything.  "That is not acceptable.  If you want to go to the
dance on Friday, you will have to have another punishment to replace it.  You
will still be grounded after the dance.  Let me think about a suitable
punishment."
	
	Tawny's eyes brightened, she had to go to the dance.  She would do
anything he asked.  It was that important.  "I will do anything, Daddy, just
please let me go to the dance.  I will do anything you say, Daddy.  Please, oh,
please, let me go."
	
	All of a sudden it dawned on Michael.  He was not sure what triggered
it, maybe his hand on her ass, maybe the way her ass swung in front of him only
minutes ago.  Whatever it was, the idea popped into his head suddenly.  He
smiled.  "This will be your only option.  Do not try to bargain any further.  If
you want to go to the dance, this is your only choice.  Do you understand,
Tawny?"
	
	Tawny smiled, yes, she could go to the dance.  Thank God.  Jimmy would
have taken someone else to the dance and that would have been it with them
together.  "Yes, whatever you say, Daddy, I will do whatever you say."
	
	"I am going to spank you.  It has been a long time since I had to resort
to spankings, but it seems like the only available option.  I know your mother
does not approve of spankings, so you would have to agree that this would never
be told to her."  He smiled as he saw the look in her face change from a smile
to a surprised look.  It was not what she was expecting.  It was hardly what he
was expecting.
	
	"What do you mean a spanking, I'm too old to be spanked.  Please, Daddy,
think of something else?"
	
	"I told you, this is your only option.  Now, are you going to agree to
be spanked, or will it be the grounding, starting tonight?  Remember, this was
caused by you.  All you had to do was obey and none of this would be happening. 
You might remember that in the future.  Obey, or be punished."
	
	Tawny looked over at her father.  She knew she had no choice.  She just
had to go to the dance.  She looked down, not wanting to look directly at her
father.  "Yes, I will obey.  I will accept the spanking.  Anything to go to the
dance.  I am sorry I let you down, Daddy.  I will obey everything you say in the
future.  Let me go upstairs and change my clothes and I will be right back
down."
	
	"That will not be necessary.  What you have on is very suitable." 
Michael got up from the chair.  "I think this should be done upstairs.  Into my
bedroom, young lady." 
	
	Michael followed Tawny as she walked up the stairs.  He could almost see
up her skirt as he followed her closely.  His cock was hard.  He was going to
spank her.  And she was going to submit to it.  His mind began to race ahead,
thinking of the possibilities.
	
	Michael pulled out one of the straight back chairs in his bedroom and
pulled it to the center of the room.  He sat down on it.  He motioned for Tawny. 
"Over here, lay across my lap, head facing down."
	
	Tawny started to protest, but the look on her father's face told her no. 
"Yes, Daddy."  She walked over to him and began to lay herself over his lap.  It
was difficult, he had to hold onto her as she lowered herself onto his lap.  She
pressed into him, feeling a large bump in his pants as her abdomen rubbed up
against it.  She knew what it was, she could not figure out why it was so hard,
but she was more worried about the spanking she was about to receive.
	
	"Head down, you might as well learn the proper position.  I have a
feeling that this will happen more then once."  He pushed down on her back,
forcing her head lower.  He could see her top beginning to ride up towards the
ground, her bra being uncovered.  He saw her feel the same thing happening and
her hands moved to pull it more securely down.  "Hands on the ground and do not
move them," he ordered her. 
	
	Tawny felt her bra being uncovered as her top slowly fell back.  She was
trying to cover it when he heard his command.  She quickly moved her hands to
the floor, her palms flat on the floor, holding her body from falling.   She
knew her bra was uncovered, but did not want to further displease him.  "Yes,
Daddy."
	
	He liked the way she was reacting.  She had become very submissive, even
to the detriment of her body being uncovered.  He felt her body tremble as he
ran his hand up over her naked back, over her bra strap, all of the way up to
her neck, effectively pulling her top up to her neck.  She did not move, as she
was uncovered.  "That's a good girl.  It is important that you obey."  He ran
his hands down her sides, over her bra, his fingers brushing against the sides
of her bra, testing her reaction.  She squirmed a little, but did not protest or
prevent him from going any further.  He could feel her body rubbing against his
cock, making it harder.
	
	He pulled his hand back and slapped it onto her right cheek.  He did not
do it very hard.  He wanted to test her reaction.  He felt her body jerk as the
noise rang out in the room.
	
	"Oww, that hurts, Daddy."  She felt the sting in her ass, but also felt
his hand still on her ass, not moving, just sitting there.  She felt it lift
from her ass, bracing for when it would strike again.  "OWWW," she did not have
to wait long, his hand striking her other cheek now.  It then rested on her ass
again, waiting.  Her ass began to burn.  How many times was he going to spank
her?
	
	Michael watched her reaction, her body jerking as he struck her, her
pitiful cries.  Her abdomen was massaging his cock every time he struck her, her
body jerking from the pain.  He brought his hand down again, this time twice in
a row, the noise ringing out in the room as he slapped her ass.  He began to
spank her harder.
	
	"Please, Daddy, it burns, isn't that enough," she begged.
	
	"You still have a long way to go, little girl.  I want you to remember
this so it will not happen again.  Now, no more noise out of you."  His one hand
moved up her naked back, rubbing the young skin.  She did not even flinch or
move, allowing him to do as he pleased.  It was now time to test her further. 
"Don't move now."  His hand moved down her ass and ran down the back of her leg
until he reached the top of her skirt.  He grabbed the end of the short skirt
and began to pull it up her legs, slowly revealing more of her naked flesh.
	
	She started to move her hands when she felt him pull her skirt up, but
hesitated.  Was he only testing her or was he trying to get her to disobey
again?  She clenched her body tightly as she resisted the need to stop him.  She
felt her skirt slide further up.  He would soon be to her panties.  She hoped he
would stop soon.  She had worn thong panties today.  If he did not stop, he
would soon discover her secret.
	
	Michael's cock twitched in his pants, Tawny pressed against him.  He
slowly slid her skirt up her legs, letting his fingers touch her thighs as they
continued the upward movement of her skirt.  He knew she was resisting the urge
to stop him.  He wanted to see how far he could go.  The skirt reached her
crotch, his fingers lightly touching her mound from behind.  He though he felt
some wetness, but tried not to be blatantly molesting her.  He began to pull it
higher, revealing her panties, but he was surprised.  Instead of a pair of
panties, only naked ass cheeks began to appear.  She was wearing thong panties. 
This was even better then he had expected.  His hand continued to run over her
flesh as it pushed her skirt up higher until it reached her waist.  Her naked
ass cheeks were now revealed to him.  He slapped her ass twice, both times hard. 
He wanted her to feel the pain as it slapped her naked flesh.
	
	Tawny could feel her pussy begin to get wet as she felt his hand running
over her flesh, making her naked for him.  She never felt so humiliated, forced
to lie over her fathers lap, her top pulled up and now her skirt pulled up over
her waist.  Her ass was now naked, thanks to her poor choice of deciding to wear
thong panties today.  She felt his hands running over her flesh.  She felt two
sharp slaps to her ass.  Naked, the pain radiated over the flesh more, the pain
more intense.  She was being spanked like a little girl and there was nothing
that he could do to prevent it.  "Owww," she cried again.
	
	Michael became bolder.  His hand began to rub her ass harder.  Every
once in a while he would spank her, his cock twitching when he heard her cry of
pain.  But then his hand would return to its purpose, to feel her firm, young,
naked ass cheeks.  He began to grab her ass cheek in his hand, gripping it
tightly.  He felt her ass cheek clench tightly.  He would spank it hard, Tawny
getting the message.  It would suddenly relax, his hand returning again to grab
it tightly.  "That's a good girl, obey your Daddy."  He began to pull her ass
cheeks apart as he massaged the young flesh.  It felt so good.  He would slap
her hard, his hand returning to feel the warmth he generated with the slap.  His
hand continued the manipulation of her flesh, grabbing, releasing and grabbing
again her naked ass cheeks.  He spread her cheeks open, but the tiny strip of
cloth from her thong prevented him from seeing her naked asshole.  He had to see
her, his hand reaching for the top of the band of her thong panties.  "Stay in
position and don't move, obey Daddy," he ordered her.
	
	"No, please don't take my panties off, please Daddy."  She felt his
hands becoming more urgent.  He seemed to be more interested in rubbing her
naked flesh than in punishing her.
	
	"Quiet down and obey me."  He began to pull her panties down.  A finger
slipped behind the thong at the top and slowly pulled it outward, Michael
watching as it pulled out from between her asscheeks.  He lowered the panties
down her naked ass until they were down over her hips.  He left them there, her
ass now naked.  He slapped each of her cheeks two times in rapid succession.  He
felt Tawny jump as her ass burned from his palms.
	
	"Owww, yes, Daddy."  She was now naked from the waist down.  She could
feel his cock rubbing against her, it seemed bigger now.  The hands returned to
run over her naked skin.  A hand grabbed her naked ass cheeks and pulled it
open.  The other hand did the same to the other side.  She could feel the cool
air in the room blow onto her exposed asshole.  "Please, you are embarrassing
me, don't make me naked, please Daddy."
	
	Michael ignored her pleas as his fingers continued the exploration of
her naked flesh.  He was caressing her young flesh, her ass so firm.  He looked
down between her split ass cheeks, her asshole so tiny, just a small dot on her
backside.  He felt her body shudder as he ran a finger over her asshole and felt
her ass cheeks begin to tighten up.  "Keep them relaxed, don't tighten up, obey
your father."  His finger pushed on her asshole, feeling it slowly push in, the
tip of his finger running over the ring.  He let his fingers slide down lower,
to her pussy.  He felt her wetness, his finger running between her pussy slits. 
He decided it was time to stop.  He did not want to push her too far the first
time.  He had plans for her in the next couple of days and did not want her too
reluctant.
	
	"You've been a good girl, obeying your father.  I expect that all of the
time in the future.  Stand up now."  He watched her rise up, his hands helping
her.  He turned her towards him.  Her top had fallen back down and covered her
bra.  Her skirt did the same thing, but her panties were still stretched between
her legs, just slightly higher then her knees.  His hands reached out and
grabbed her panties.  "Hold up your skirt so I can see what I am doing," he
ordered her.
	
	Tawny stood up, her ass still stinging from the spanking.  The spanking
was not as bad as what she thought it would be, it was the rest of it.  Her
father had taken liberties with her body and she could not stop him.  She heard
his request, cringing at the new humiliation.  If she raised her skirt, he would
be able to see her naked pussy.  She was afraid he would see that her pussy was
wet.  She had no choice, she must obey him.  She began to pull it up, slowly
rising until she held it high above her waist.  She looked the other way,
knowing that her Father's eyes were staring directly on her virgin pussy, naked
and wet. 
	
	"Hold still."  His finger pushed between her pussy lips and slid up from
the bottom, dragging her moisture along with his finger until it reached her
clit.  He felt her body shudder as his finger ran over her clit.  "That's good,
be Daddy's little girl."  He finger pushed back down through her slit.  He
grabbed her panties and pulled them up.  He reached between her legs and pulled
her panties out of her pussy slit.  He patted her pussy mound.  "You may go now,
I hope you learned your lesson to obey your father."  His fingers lingered on
her body as she began to leave.  Once she was out of the room he grabbed his
cock through his pants.  I have to do something about this real soon.
	
To Be Continued




Author: Powerone and Nikki
Title: Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes a Woman
Part: Chapter 2
Summary: Daddy teaches his little girl to be a Woman.  A story of incest between
Father and Daughter.
Language: M+f, anal. oral, virg, incest, teen, bdsm

Copyright 2003 by Nikki and Powerone.  Comments to the authors can be e-mailed
to nikkiwants2@yahoo.co.uk or Controlher@hotmail.com.

Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman
Chapter 2

	Tawny sat on her father's legs, facing him, his hard cock naked, her
hand stroking the large member, her other hand milking his balls.  She was
half-naked, her father's fingers tugging relentlessly on her swollen and red
nipples, testifying to the abuse daddy had inflicted on them with his fingers
and lips.  It was only an hour ago that her mother had forced her to sit with
her father in the living room before she left on her trip.   Tawny remembered
back how her own mother had delivered her into the sexual clutches of her
father.
	
	Ann was getting ready to leave for another trip.  She was to be gone for
two days and was waiting for a taxi, not wanting Michael to have to make the
trip to the airport and back this late at night.  They had already said their
goodbyes and she was waiting by the door for the taxi.  She looked into the
living room and saw Michael sitting alone, watching the television.  "Why don't
you have Tawny watch television with you?  You both seem so distant lately, you
alone watching television and Tawny holding out in her room or over at her
friends house."
	
	"I hate to bother her," Michael responding.
	
	"I am sure she would love to, would you like me to call her for you? 
You both need to spend some time together," Ann asked Michael.
	
	"Yes, that would be nice," Michael smiling, already his cock was
beginning to get hard.  Two days of Tawny, alone.
	
	"Tawny," Ann's voice rang out in the hallway.
	
	"Yes, Mom."  Tawny had opened the door when she heard her mother's
voice. "Are you getting ready to leave?"
	
	"Yes, I am, why don't you come down her for a while, your father is
watching the television by himself.  Come down and keep him company."
	
	After her humiliating spanking experience, Tawny avoided being alone
with her father as much as possible, but with her Mothers work taking her away
from home so often, Tawny often found herself in her dad's company.  She tried
to sleep over at her girlfriends houses whenever she knew her mother would not
be there, but this proved difficult and now with her mother getting ready to
leave, she found herself about to be alone with him.
	
	Tawny came down the stairs, still in school clothes.  She had been
working hard at finishing up a paper for school and had not changed after
dinner.  She was still wearing the button down blouse and plaid skirt.  She had
shortened the skirt considerably, showing a long expanse of leg.  Tawny at first
cringed at the thought of staying in the living room with her Dad and watching
television once her mother left. 
	
	If Ann had only known what Michael had planned for his young daughter,
she would have never forced the issue.  But she did not know that she was giving
Michael the perfect opportunity to force his perverted passions on their young
daughter.
	
	"Beep, beep," the taxi's horn sounded.  "Give me a kiss, Tawny."  Ann
kissed Tawny goodbye.  "See you in two days, Michael," picking up her luggage
and heading for the door.
	
	"Bye, honey, have a good trip," Michael responded.
	
	"Tawny, your father seems so lonely, go into the living room for a while
and keep him company.  Do it for your Mother, please, you're a big girl now and
you need to take care of your father when I am not home.  Just be a good girl
and do whatever your father tells you, don't give him any trouble."  She pushed
her way out of the door, walking fast towards the taxi.  She did not see the
troubled look on the face of her innocent daughter as she left.
	
	Tawny went into the living room, her father sitting on the couch.  She
sat on the overstuffed chair, tucking one leg under her.  "Hi, daddy, what are
you watching?
	
	"Law and Order, its just starting."  Michael looked over at Tawny, his
cock already hard watching her walk into the room.  Her skirt had ridden up high
when she sat down, her naked legs showing.  Her small breasts pushed against her
blouse, he could almost make out the outline of her nipples pushing against the
material.
	
	"Come over here by your daddy," Michael beckoned to his young daughter.  
She was looking particularly hot, he thought, still in her school clothes. 
Tawny instinctively went and sat by him, still in the habit of doing so, up
until recently, this had seemed a normal thing to do.  She sat by him, thinking
maybe his interest in her body the other day had been a just an accident.

	"Isn't that better now, honey?  It's nice, mm?  Just the two of us, no
naggy mom around."  Tawny couldn't help but agree as she smiled up at her
father.  Her mother had been really uptight lately, the atmosphere was
noticeably more relaxed when she wasn't around.  Michael allowed his arm to drop
off the back of the couch, and on to his daughter's shoulders, she rested her
head against his chest, his little girl again.  Michael grinned; his cock began
to stiffen as he thought of the night that lay ahead, and the thought of Tawny,
his baby girl, and what he was going to do to her.
	
	His fingers began to rub against her neck, massaging her skin, hearing
her relaxed breathing as he continued.  "Does that feel good, Tawny, is daddy
making his little girl feel good?"
	
	Tawny looked up at her father, trying to read his expression, but was
met with his smiling eyes, no hint of the lecherous look he had given her the
other day.  She snuggled against him further, "yes that does feel good." 
	
	Michael continued to massage her neck, then moved down further onto her
back.  He pushed her sideways on the couch so her back was to him and her body
was more available to his hands.  He began to knead her shoulders and moved down
to the center of her back.  He felt her muscles begin to tighten as his fingers
became more insistent.  "Relax baby, daddy will take good care of you."
	
	Tawny began to regret her mother's decision.  Her mother had delivered
her into the hands of her father and by the way his hands continued to rub over
her body, she knew that they would not stop with her back.  "Please, daddy, I
have to finish my homework," and she began to get up, hoping to escape the
awkward situation.  "Daddy, no, please!" she struggled, but Michael had an arm
around her waist, and held on to her tight.

	"Remember what you learned about obedience young lady," he said sternly. 
"Its looks like Daddy is going to have to punish you.  I think another spanking
is in order for you young lady."   He swung her around and over his knee in a
flash.  Tawny felt tears welling up in her eyes, thinking about last time, and
how her fathers' fingers had touched her so intimately.

	"Oh no, Daddy, please, not that, I'll do anything you want," she
pleaded.

	"Yes, you most certainly will, any more struggling and this is what
you'll get," with that, he lifted her skirt, exposing her white panties.  His
cock twitched in his pants as he saw her teenage ass, her panties drawn tightly
over them, so firm and spankable.  He ran his hand up her leg, toward her
panty-covered ass.  He felt her body shiver in fear as his callused hand ran
over her smooth flesh.
	
	"Please, don't do that, please daddy," she cried as she felt his hand
begin to run intimately over her flesh.  She felt the cool air in the room on
her naked legs and she could feel the hot stare of her father's eyes on her near
naked body.  She felt the hand moving up, making slow circles on her inner
thighs, forcing them to spread open more.  They moved higher up, almost reaching
her panty-clad pussy, a finger grazing the edge of her panties.
	
	Michael moved his hand up over her ass cheeks, feeling the young,
resilient flesh move under his fingers.  He fingers grabbed a piece of ass
cheek, digging tightly into her flesh, feeling the muscles of her ass tightening
up.  He brought his other hand sharply down on her other ass cheek, the sound of
the slap resounding in the room.  "Relax your body for your daddy, or I will use
a belt on your ass instead of my hand.  Do you want daddy to use his belt on
your ass?"
	
	"No, please, not your belt.  I'm too old for a spanking, especially with
a belt.  Please don't do this daddy," she begged.  She began to sob quietly as
she relaxed her ass cheeks, his fingers again searching out her young flesh,
fingers grabbing her ass and squeezing it tightly.
	
	Michael's cock hardened as he continued the manipulation of his teenage
daughter's tender body.  He felt her body slump and go limp in surrender. 
Tonight was going to be a good night.  Tawny was going to learn many new things
tonight and Michael's cock was finally going to be satisfied, if not by his
wife, then his daughter was the next best thing.  His hand moved up higher,
drawing her skirt up until it was high above her waist, her panty covered ass
ready for him.
	
	He drew back his hand and spanked Tawny's ass hard, hearing her wail in
pain.  He let his hand linger on her ass, feeling her flesh.  He waited until
her head was clear of the pain before he brought his hand down again, the noise
ringing out in the room, even over the television set.  Another yelp by Tawny,
her body jerking on his lap, her stomach rubbing against his hard cock, making
it jump and twitch in his pants.  Soon she would take care of his cock, soon it
would be satisfied.  He caressed her flesh again, feeling the heat of the
spanking on her ass cheeks.  He felt her sobbing as he again spanked her hard. 
This was followed by two more in rapid succession, her body jerking up and down
on his lap, rubbing against his erect cock.  "Now are you ready to obey your
father, are you ready to submit to daddy?"
	
	Tawny cried out each time the big hand hit her tender ass, the pain
rushing to her brain.  The fingers continued caressing her intimately as the
pain radiated from her ass cheeks.  Just when the pain went away, the hand came
crashing down on her flesh again, igniting the feelings of pain in her ass anew. 
Tawny lost count of the number of times her father spanked her ass, but the last
two were in rapid succession, the pain increasing.  Her ass stung and throbbed. 
"Ok, ok, I promise daddy," she wailed.  She felt his fingers move up her panties
to the top and slide into them, his hand bulging them out as they moved
intimately over her now naked flesh.  Her sobbing increased in tone as she the
fingers moving over her skin, a finger searching for her ass crack and beginning
to push down between it.  She tightened her ass cheeks, hoping to prevent the
searching finger but a sharp pinch to her other cheeks showed her the error of
her ways.
	
	"That's a good girl, let daddy have his way and he will make you feel
good," his fingers pushing back between her ass cheeks, searching out her virgin
anus.  He felt her shiver as his index finger ran over the tiny asshole.  He
paused, pressing down lightly, feeling her anus fight the intrusion.  "I bet
your tight back there," he said, not expecting an answer.
	
	He released his grip on her,  "sit on your daddy's knee."

	She slid onto his knee, her back to him, she felt his cock twitch
against her ass, and instantly regretted her decision.  Michael began to stoke
her back again, this time his hand slipping between her arms, his hand moving
along the side of her bra.  His fingers moved around and grabbed her breasts. 
They were just starting to jut out from her body, small lumps appearing on her
chest, young, tender breasts, waiting for their first experience.  She felt her
small breasts being mauled by her father, his insistent fingers pulling and
prodding her breasts, fingers searching for her nipples.  She gasped in pain as
he found her right nipple, his fingers biting into the tender flesh, eliciting a
gasp of pain from her lips.  Her body moved in response to the pain but only
succeeding in increasing the level of pain as her nipples was pulled tightly as
his fingers grabbed the flesh harder.
	
	"That's a good girl, daddy loves to play with your nipples and make them
hard and erect."   Michael continued to run his hands over her breasts, his cock
hard, as he remembered the days when he was younger and budding breasts were
always available.  He grabbed her breasts with his fingers, squeezing the young
flesh, forcing the blood to her nipples, his fingers then searching out the
erect tissue.  His fingers found both budding nipples and his fingers bit down
onto the nipple.
	
	"Oh, please, daddy, that hurts, your fingers are hurting my nipples,"
Tawny cried, his fingers bringing tears to her eyes.  She shook her breasts,
trying to free them from his fingers but only succeeded in further stimulating
her father as he watched her breasts move about under her blouse, his fingers
still grabbing the nipples tightly.  She felt him push up underneath her,
pushing his hard cock against her tight ass.
	
	Tawny thought she would die from the humiliation of what her daddy was
doing to her, and making her do.  Her mothers voice echoed in her head "do what
daddy tells you..." ha, Tawny thought, if only Ann could see her husband now. 
His daughter astride his lap, squirming and weeping as he molested her breasts
and allowed his hard cock to push against her ass so lewdly.  Tawny swallowed
and closed her eyes tightly, wishing the situation away.  Michael's voice broke
into her fantasy:
	
	"Let's take off your blouse, Tawny, daddy wants to get his little girls
breasts naked for his pleasure.  Are you going to be a good little girl and let
daddy have his way, or is daddy going to have to punish you again?"
	
	"No, don't do that, please don't spank me again, I will obey you,
daddy," Tawny cried, her fingers moving to the front of her blouse, slowly
unbuttoning the buttons, attempting to delay the inevitable, when her breasts
would be naked and unprotected from his searching fingers.
	
	 His fingers left her breasts, allowing for the removal of her bra. 
Tawny pulled the blouse from her skirt and felt her daddy pull it backwards, off
of her shoulders and down her arms.  He became more insistent, wanting to get
back to molesting her breasts again.  His fingers returned to her near naked
top, moving over her bare stomach, up until he reached her bra, his fingers
moving over the silky material as they began to grab her tit flesh again.  He
grabbed her breasts, hard, his fingers tightening on the young flesh as she
groaned in pain again.  He slipped one hand into her bra, he caressed her young
breast for a while, getting hornier by the second.
	
	Her nipple hardened under his touch and Tawny gasped as her father
squeezed.  She felt the fingers on her naked breasts, the first time they were
ever touched by a male before, her shame showing on her face as her father
molested her tender flesh.  It was not suppose to be like this.  It was not what
she had dreamed about.  She squirmed on his lap, his cocking digging into her
ass, his fingers grabbing her naked flesh, her nipples now pinched tightly by
his fingers, digging into the erect flesh.
	
	"I want to see your naked tits," his fingers moving out of her bra but
moving behind her back.  His fingers unsnapped her bra, his hands slipping the
straps off of her shoulders and down her arms.
	
	Tawny's hands moved up, covering her breasts as her father pulled the
bra off of her body.  She was now naked from the waist up, his cock twitching
underneath her.  She felt his hands on her arms.
	
	"Turn around on my lap," he ordered her.  He turned her around on him,
this time facing him, her legs on either side of his. She felt his cock hard,
pushing between her legs.  The bulge in his pants felt huge against her body. 
He looked in her eyes.  "Put your hands down, daddy wants to see your tits,
baby, obey now, be a good girl."
	
	Tawny slowly lowered her hands, her nipples hardening in the cool air as
she watched her father's eyes, staring at her naked breasts.  It felt like slow
motion as she saw his big hands move up her naked stomach until they reached her
naked breasts.  She shivered as his fingers touched the underside of her breasts
and move up until they came to her nipples.  They were over an inch long,
seemingly begging to be grabbed and fondled.
	
	Michael's fingers touched the hard nipples and ran over the aureole, it
was a dark brown, contrasting sharply with the pale skin of her breasts and the
pinkness of her nipples.  He saw little goose bumps begin to pop out as his
fingers gently ran over the delicate tissue.  He put his fingers in her mouth. 
"Get them wet," he ordered.  He saw her obey, her mouth sucking the two fingers
deep inside, her tongue bathing the digits.  He pulled them out, glistening in
the light.  He reached back again and touched her nipples.
	
	Tawny gasped as his wet fingers touched her super sensitive nipples, her
body shuddering as it felt like her nipples were going to bust open.  "No,
please, no daddy," she cried, but arched her back, pushing her immature breasts
forward onto the wet fingers searching for them.
	
	Michael watched the expression on her face, saw her surrender to her own
passion.  His fingers grabbed the large nipples, grasping them and pulling them
out, watching as they stretched.  Her body arched up, attempting to relieve some
of the pressure, only succeeding in forcing her father to pinch tighter to keep
the nipples securely in his grasp.  His hands moulded her breasts, his fingers
milking her nipples as she squirmed on his lap, his cock massaged by her tight
ass. 
	
	Tawny watched her father as his head slowly lowered to her chest.  She
knew that any second now, his lips would make contact with her super sensitive
nipples.  Her hands reached out to her daddy's head, holding it on the side, not
sure whether she was trying to stop him or pushing him down.  "No, daddy,
please, this isn't right, what would mommy say?"  She felt his hot breath on her
nipples as he spoke.
	
	"It's all your fault, baby, if you hadn't teased me so much with your
body, showing me your naked body in the hallway, always walking around half
naked.  Now you're going to have to take care of daddy.  If mommy found out, she
would be mad at you."  Tawny thought about this, what if daddy was right?  Tawny
so hated to upset her parents, mommy had said she mustn't give daddy any trouble
and here he was, telling her she had been a tease.  She thought back to all the
times she had flounced around in her mini skirts, tight tee shirts and sweaters. 
The times he had caught her coming out of the shower with a skimpy towel barely
covering her damp young body.  She gulped.  Hopefully daddy wouldn't say
anything to mom and Tawny certainly wasn't going to mention it, mom when she was
mad was a very frightening figure.  Tawny looked down at daddy, about to
apologise, but stopped as his head moved down and his lips moved over the hard
nipple, grabbing it, sucking it into his mouth, his hot tongue running over the
tip.
	
	"AAAGGGGHHH, ppppllllleeeeassse," her body trembling as she felt his
lips suck her breast into his mouth.  His rough tongue lapped at the delicate
morsel, rasping over the nipple as he sucked in her breast harder, pulling into
deep into the hot confines of his mouth.  She had never felt like this, her
whole body growing weak, unable to resist, sitting limply on his lap as he
molested her body.  It felt like her nipple would burst, swelling under the oral
ministrations of her father. 
	
	Michael's cock felt like it was going to explode inside his pants.  He
would soon have to get some release and Tawny was going to be taught to do it. 
He continued to lap at her breast and nipples, sucking her flesh as she arched
her back and pushed his head down into her chest, moaning as she allowed his
sucking.  He moved his mouth off of her right nipple, his tongue rolling wetly
between her breasts until he came to her left nipple.  He felt her body shudder
as his wet tongue bathed the nipple and then he placed his lips on it and sucked
it into his mouth, his tongue rasping over it as it pushed in deep.  His other
hand went to her right breast, his fingers searching and finding the wet nipple
and squeezed the tender nipple tightly.
	
	Tawny groaned in pain and pleasure as the fingers and mouth of her
father tortured her nipples.  She shuddered in pain as the fingers pinched her
nipple tightly, pulling it from her body, feeling like he was trying to tear it
from her chest.  Her other breast shuddered in pleasure as his lips sucked
tenderly the nipple into his hot mouth and his tongue bathed the morsel.  She
squirmed on his cock, rubbing her ass against it, not sure what she was doing,
unable to stop it.
	
	"Can you feel what you're doing to daddy, honey?" his voice was thick
with desire.  You have my cock so hard, your ass rubbing against it.  "Are you
going to take care of daddy, are you going to take care of daddy's cock, baby?"

	He nudged her backward, and to Tawnys horror, unzipped his pants and
eased them over his hips. His cock bulged in his shorts, almost unable to
contain the erect member.  He pushed his shorts down, his cock sprung up,
released from its confinement.  Tawny couldn't help herself, she stared hard, it
was so big!  Her heart was pounding. Michael took hold of his dick, and pointed
it toward Tawny; she blushed, and looked away.  He took her hand, and guided it
toward his throbbing cock.  She resisted at first, but remembering his warning,
she reluctantly allowed him to put her small hand around his rock hard tool,
Michael's eyes semi closed.  He put his hand over hers, and pumped it up and
down, slowly at first, increasing pace and grip in time.
	
	It felt strange to Tawny, she could not believe anything could be that
hard and hot.  It continued to grow as her hand continued to move up and down
his cock. 
	
	Michael removed his hand from her and watched as she continued to stroke
his cock.  He saw the look of amazement on her face as the head of his cock
pushed out the end of her hand, her hand gripping it tightly, moving up and
down, each time taking longer strokes.  "Wet your fingers of your other hand and
rub it over the head," he ordered her. 
	
	Tawny pushed her fingers into her mouth again, wetting them again.  She
knew what they felt like when applied to her sensitive nipples, she knew that
she would bring him great pleasure when applied to his cock.  Her fingers
reached down and she ran them over the head of his cock, her saliva glistening
on the large head of his cock.  She ran her fingers over the tip and saw a
teardrop of clear liquid formed at the top of his cock, Tawny gazed at it, as it
trickled slowly down the shaft, and onto the side of her small hand, glistening
and sticky.  Her other hand continued to pump up and down the hard cock, her
fingers gripping it tighter as it moved over the ring on the head, caressing it
tenderly.
	
	"Oh yeah, that's a good girl, you make daddy feel real good," Michael
groaned, his head rolled back.  Michael's breathing got heavier, he pinched at
her nipples with his free hand, twisting the flesh in his fingers, feeling her
body shuddering in his touch.  "Grab my balls, baby, they are full of hot cum,
waiting for you to make daddy cum.  Tug at them gently, make daddy cum, baby."
	
	Tawny was confused, excited and embarrassed, all at the same time.  Her
body was betraying her, her nipples overly excited, her hand was masturbating
her father, proud that she was exciting him so much, but embarrassed that her
father was forcing her to do this, it was wrong, but also felt so right.  Her
hand reached down and felt for his balls.  She found them, hot and swollen, her
hand tugging at the hanging balls, her other hand pumping faster on his cock. 
She knew it would be soon, he would soon climax.
	
	All of a sudden he came, shooting wads of thick, white cum at her belly.
Tawny gasped out loud, she had heard girlfriends talking about this stuff, but
had never done or seen anything like this.  She felt the hot fluid land on her
naked stomach feeling like it was burning her flesh.  Her hand continued to pump
his cock her other hand squeezing the cum out of his balls.  She could feel the
cum shooting up his cock, his cock getting bigger.  She was mesmerised as she
first saw the cum shoot out, shooting out over a foot to land on her.  Her hand
pumped the cock, his cum lubricating her hand as she continued her forced
masturbation of his cock, his cock glistening as he continually pumped more and
more cum out all over her body.
	
	 Michael laughed at his daughters' worried face.  "Its ok, baby girl,
its just daddies cum, you better get used to it!" he chuckled.  No way was that
going to be it for the evening, oh no, he had plans for his little girl. 
Michael stared at his daughter, her face flushed, her hand still gripping his
shrinking cock, cum all over her fingers, her nipples swollen and red from the
fingers and lips that had abused them.  "You did a good job, you made your daddy
cum, daddy is so proud of you baby."
	
	Michael watched as his half-naked daughter ran from the room, her
breasts bouncing around on her chest, flushed from the recent encounter.
	
	Michael let Tawny flee the room.  She ran up the stairs, the cum on her
hand beginning to dry.  She rushed into her bedroom and threw off her clothes
and rushed into the bathroom, turning on the shower.  She grabbed the soap and
began to wash her body, ashamed of what had transpired.  Tawny was enjoying the
feel of the water on her skin, washing away all thoughts of her cruel father. 
Soon, the heat and moisture became too much, and her hand found its way between
her legs, to her dripping cunt.  She began to touch herself, tracing her fingers
along the slit, and feeling her clit swelling under her touch.

	Michael heard the shower running soon after she left the room.  He still
sat on the couch, his cock out.  The thought of his daughter soaping that young,
hot body made his cock begin to grow again, he stroked it absently, then, with a
leer on his face, stood, and made his way upstairs.
	
	Tawny froze when she heard the door open, and made a grab for a towel
from the hook beside her.

	"Oh no, don't let me stop you Tawny" her dad called through the mist, "I
thought you might need help washing your back."
	
	Tawny groaned inwardly, why couldn't he leave her alone?
	
	His big, hairy hand appeared, followed by the rest of him, as he drew
the shower screen back, revealing his wet little girl, who now cowered in the
corner.
	
To be Continued




Author: Powerone and Nikki
Title: Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes a Woman
Part: Chapter 3
Summary: Daddy teaches his little girl to be a woman.  A story of incest between
father and daughter.
Language: M+f, anal. oral, virg, incest, teen, bdsm

Copyright 2003 by Nikki and Powerone.  Comments to the authors can be e-mailed
to nikkiwants2@yahoo.co.uk or Controlher@hotmail.com.

Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman

Chapter 3-Tawny is Taught

	"Oh no, don't let me stop you Tawny" her dad called through the mist, "I
thought you might need help washing your back."
	
	 Tawny groaned inwardly, why couldn't he leave me alone?   "Please
Daddy, let me take my shower," she begged.
	
	 His big, hairy hand appeared, followed by the rest of him, as he drew
the shower screen back, revealing his wet little girl, who now cowered in the
corner of the shower, naked, water dripping down from her body, her nipples hard
and erect.  "Were you playing with your pussy, my little girl, did Daddy catch
you fingering your wet pussy?"  He smiled as he watched the humiliation on her
face, caught by her father masturbating after she had made him cum.  "What would
your Mother say if she found out?  You don't want your Mother to know what you
are doing, do you?  As long as you continue to please me, your Mother doesn't
have to know.  Do you understand, little girl?"
	
	She knew she was trapped by her Father.  She did not know how her Mother
would react if she found out, but it was not an option she even wanted to
consider.  She would be forced to do whatever her Father requested of her.  And
she was afraid of that.  When she saw him enter the shower, she could see the
bulge in his pants.  She gasped as she saw that his cock was already hard again. 
Oh God, how many times would he force her to make him cum?  Would he ever leave
her alone?
	
	He spun her around so she was facing the wall, her back to him.  He took
the soap and began to lather her back.  He felt her body relax a little, as she
gave in to the soothing motion.  She soon stiffened again though, when the hand
slid downwards to her buttocks and began to slide up and down between them,
getting closer each time to her asshole.  He had one hand on the small of her
back, which held her facing the tiles of the bathroom.  He slid his fingers down
between the cheeks of her ass, pushing them apart to reveal her delicate
asshole.  He pushed harder on her back as she felt her tighten to resist him. 
"Relax for Daddy, don't fight me!"  He felt he body slump in surrender, his
fingers returning to the task of soaping her tiny asshole.  He felt the tiny
hole beneath his fingers as he lubricated it with the soap, his finger pressing
harder onto it, pushing her forward until she was pinned to the wall tightly. 
"Yes, relax now, open up," his finger pushing in, the tip pushed into her
clenching asshole, her body jumping from the unfamiliar feelings.
	
	Tawny was jammed up against the tile, her hard nipples scraping on the
cold tile as she felt his finger pushing into her bottom.  Why was he doing this
to her?  It was so strange, the feeling of something pushing into her bottom
instead of out.  Why did he want to do such a dirty thing to her bottom?  Her
mind was a confusion of conflicting thoughts and feelings.  All she could do it
stand there and let her father have his way with her.
	
	"Spread your legs a little, Tawny, it will make it easier," he ordered
her, his finger pushing deeper into her asshole, now up to the knuckles.  He
felt her shuffle her legs wider.  "More, yes, that's good," his finger twisting
from side to side, his knuckles rubbing inside her asshole, rubbing over the
silky flesh clenching and unclenching on his digit.  "You're very tight, Tawny,
such a nice hot and tight little asshole.  Do you like that, Tawny, do you like
having my finger in your hot asshole?
	
	"No, please don't, it feels weird, like I have to go," tightening onto
her fathers finger in her asshole, afraid she might have an accident.
	
	"Daddy likes that, sweetheart, tighten again on my finger."
	
	Tawny performed for him, clenching her ass onto the finger inside her
again.  She held it as long as she could, feeling the finger moving around
inside her, rubbing over her clenched sphincter.  She let go, the finger now
able to slide further inside her, his knuckles now smashed against her asshole. 
She spread her legs more, opening herself up, hoping to ease some of the
uncomfortable feeling in her bottom.
	
	Michael gave one last push into her tight asshole, twisting his finger
inside her, feeling her spreading her legs more.  He pulled his finger out from
her asshole, dragging it out slowly, feeling her clenching on it as pulled
loose.  "Good girl, Tawny.  Would you like Daddy help you with your pussy, make
you cum?"
	
	Tawny felt his fingers move lower, between her legs to her pussy.  He
moved up to her clit, rubbing roughly, surprised to find her pussy already slick
with her own juices.  He pushed a finger deeply into her virgin cunt, hitting
her hymen before pulling out.  She yelped and squirmed.  As her father began to
ease in and out of her pussy, Tawny found herself, against her will, beginning
to respond, her hips began to sway as she felt her orgasm mounting.  No, don't
make let him make me cum. "Ooooooooooohhhhhh nooooo, pleeeaaase daddy, don't do
this," she gasped.

	Michael laughed, and increased his speed, watching his little girl's
face as she battled with her feelings.  He pumped his finger into her wet pussy,
one finger now becoming two, feeling her tight, virgin pussy grip his finger as
tight as her asshole did.  He moved his fingers around, letting her get used to
having something in her pussy.  Soon, she would be taking his cock.

	Tawny heard him tell her to rise up on her toes and spread her legs
wider.  She did, her hips pushing back on the fingers masturbating her so well. 
She could only imagine how she looked, her body stretched up tall, on her toes,
her legs spread wide, her thighs trapping his hands between her legs as his
fingers pumped her pussy.  Soon Tawny was panting, as she came. 
	
	Michael's other hand continued the masturbation of her clit, his fingers
playing over the blood-engorged bud, its hood pulled back.  He could see the
confused look on her face as she began to cum.  He felt her pussy shoot out her
juices, soaking his fingers.  Her face turned red in embarrassment, cumming in
front of her father.  He continued to pump her pussy with his fingers, his
fingers pinching hard on her clit and she continued to cum.
	
	Tawny let out another wail, and slumped to the floor, her body limp with
the effort.   She covered her face and sobbed, humiliated at what she had done
in front of her father.  "I'm sorry Daddy," she blurted out, ashamed at not
being able to control herself.
	
	Michael, wasting no time, seeing his daughter was in the most submissive
state she was likely to get in tonight, tugged his pants off quickly, grabbed a
towel, and wrapped it around Tawny. He pulled her out of the shower and as he
perched on the rim of the bath, he got Tawny on her knees.  All this happened so
quickly, she didn't have time to resist.
	
	"Ok honey, time for daddy to get clean"

	"Oh god daddy, I can't!" Tawny recoiled as she realized what her father
expected her to do.

	"Yes you can, and you will," he grabbed the back of Tawny's neck firmly,
and pushed her screwed up face towards his stiff cock.  "Take it in your mouth,
there's a good girl," he held the base of it and pushed its tip against her
closed lips.  Feeling her hot breath on him made him so horny, he could not wait
to fill that pink little mouth of hers.

	Tawny was petrified, she had never sucked a cock, she couldn't see how
it was going to fit in anyway.  She opened her mouth slightly, without thinking.
Michael seized the opportunity, and shoved his dick deep into his daughters'
mouth.  She gagged, and tears spilled down her burning cheeks.
	
	"Run your tongue over it," he ordered her, tipping her head up slightly
so he could see in her eyes.  "Open your eyes, I want to see you as you suck
Daddy's cock."  Her felt her hot tongue touch his cock for the first time and it
jerked in response, moving to hit the top of her mouth.  "Yes, see what you do
to Daddy's cock.  More, use your tongue more, get it nice and wet."
	
	Tawny did not recognize her Father.  She looked in his eyes and all she
saw was his lust.  She felt his hands tighten on her head, moving her back and
forth over his cock, fucking her face on his hard cock.  Her tongue continued to
lash out over his cock, afraid of displeasing him and also curious, feeling her
tongue running over every bump and ridge on his cock.  Her lips were now
stretched wide and she began to suck on his cock as he pushed it in and out of
her mouth.
	
	"Yes, suck on it, just like a lollypop, Tawny's very own lollypop." He
pumped her head up and down and began to fuck her mouth, the very fact he had
his baby girls lips wrapped around his throbbing cock was enough to make him
cum.  She would need some lessons if this was to become a regular thing, and it
certainly was.
	
	He grabbed her hair and started pumping harder, Tawny had no choice but
to take the meat in her mouth.  She began to just concentrate on not choking,
and tried to shut it all out.  She felt it hit the back of her throat as he
fucked her face, her gagging bringing tears to her eyes, the big head trying
hard to get into her little throat.

	"Ok baby, I'm going to cum, you gotta swallow daddy's cum now, don't
make a mess"

	Before she could object, Tawny's mouth filled with her fathers cum as it
shot into her mouth.  There was so much, it seemed never ending, spurt after
spurt of salty, hot semen.  Tawny began to swallow, tried to prevent it spilling
out of her mouth and onto her chin.  His cum went down her throat in big lumps,
making her gag as she was forced to swallow his cum.  She did not like the
taste, it sitting heavily on her tongue, unable to drive the taste from her
mouth.

	Michael groaned as the last bit oozed out of him and into her mouth.
"That was good Tawny, but you need to practice, just as well mom won't be back
for a few days.  Isn't it so much better when you do what daddy tells you?"  He
looked down at his little girl, tears and cum dripping down her face.  Suits
her, Michael thought to himself.  He pulled his pants up again and left the
room.  "I want you home tonight for dinner and no going out after that.  We are
going to spend some time together tonight and Daddy is going to teach you some
more things."
	
	Tawny slowly got off the floor and brushed her teeth, trying to get the
taste of his cum from her mouth.  She felt horrible.  How could she have done
such a terrible thing?  What would her Mother think if she found out?  She was
so confused.  Had she become a slut, unable to control her own urges?  Why was
she making Daddy do these things to her?  She finally got dressed, sneaking
quietly out the front door, too ashamed and humiliated to face seeing her father
before she left.  She had to get out of the house.  She would be back soon
enough, dinner being in about four hours.
	
	"Has Jake fucked you, Heather?  Tawny asked Heather as they ate a
burger.
	
	"Kinda blunt aren't you, Tawny.  What's the matter?  You seem to be
somewhere else," Heather responded.
	
	"Just some things on my mind, well have you?
	
	"Not that it's much of your business, but yes, Jake and I have made
love.  Shit, are you a virgin, is that your problem, Jimmy pressuring you to put
out," she laughed.  "Get it over with, let him fuck you and get on with your
life."
	
	"Yes, I am a virgin, but it's not Jimmy.  He's a doll, said we can wait
until I'm ready.  I just think about it."  Tawny knew that it was not going to
be Jimmy that would get her virginity.  She was pretty sure that it was her
father that would do it.  She was not sure how she felt about that.  He had
already made her masturbate him and suck him.  And he had made her cum.  She
knew tonight he would go further.  Not sure what he would make her do but she
was scared and at the same time excited.  She could already feel her pussy
getting wet.  Her mother would be furious if she found out what Tawny was doing
with her father.  She had to make sure that she did not find out, no matter what
she had to do.  They finished their lunch and then went to the mall for some
shopping.  Tawny ended up buying a black bra and thong panty set, very silky and
sensuous.  Heather talked her into buying it for Jimmy, but Tawny already had
other plans for it.  She would wear it tonight.
	
	Tawny got home in time for dinner.  Adam was going to be gone again
tonight, staying with one of his friends.  Tawny and her father ate dinner, not
much being said except for some small talk.  Tawny kept her head down most of
the time, afraid to look into his eyes.  Her father helped her clean up the
kitchen, one of the few times he did.  She could almost feel his eyes on her
when her back was to him.  Or was it just her imagination or her expectations.
	
	"I want you to put on something sexy and meet me in your mothers and my
bedroom.  Don't take too long," he ordered her.  He walked out of the room and
went upstairs, never even turning around to see her response. 

	Tawny could only stand there, his request not yet sinking in.  After a
minute she went upstairs and grabbed a quick shower.  She almost expected the
shower curtain to be pulled back, not sure if she was disappointed or relieved
that it wasn't.  After she dried herself off, she put on the new lingerie that
she bought today.  She slipped on a silk wrap that her mother had given her, a
tie strap the only thing holding it around.  It was short, barely covering her
panties.  She found a pair of black high heels and put them on.  She looked in
the mirror.  She thought she looked like a whore.  Her large nipples were
already poking out, the silk having that effect on them.  Her legs, tanned and
athletic were highlighted by the high heels.  She took a deep breath and walked
towards her parent's room.  She did not know what to expect.  Would he be naked? 
The door was open and she was relieved when she saw him lying on the bed, a
bathrobe on.  She could see his naked legs and assumed that he was also naked
underneath it.  She could see the front of the robe bulging up and knew that his
cock was already hard.
	
	Michael was pleasantly surprised with Tawny's appearance.  This was not
what he was expecting.  The silk wrap clung to her body and the high heels
really highlighted her figure.  He knew that she was submissive, but it looked
like she had resigned herself to what fate had brought her.  "You're certainly
are a very beautiful girl, Tawny and you did well in pleasing me with your
attire.  Can I assume that I will be pleased with what is underneath?"
	
	Tawny looked up, "yes you will."  She smiled, knowing that she had
pleased him.  She saw his hand reach down to his crotch, slipping his hand
inside his robe.  She knew that he must have grabbed his cock.
	
	"Are you going to behave and do everything I tell you tonight?  If you
don't I will have to punish you and I don't think you want that, do you?"  He
actually hoped that he would have a chance to punish her again before Ann came
home.  He would like to tie her up.  He had always been fascinated with bondage,
but Ann had laughed at him when he suggested it to her.  No, this weekend, he
would have little Tawny, naked and tied, her body spread open for his pleasure. 
He would enjoy watching her squirm around.  Maybe he would buy a small whip and
use it on her.  He would have to make sure that he didn't leave any marks that
others could see, but if he whipped her between her legs, no one would know.  He
began to rub his cock, the excitement overtaking him.
	
	"I'll try, Daddy.  I don't want to be punished, I'm just not sure what
you are going to do."
	
	"Stand in front of the closet," watching as the mirrors on the closet
doors allowed him to see behind her at the same time as he could see the front. 
"Turn around, yes, that's good, stop there."  Her back was to him, he could see
the swell of her ass hidden beneath the wrap.  She had a nice tight ass, not
like Ann.  Years had taken their toll on hers and now she only looked good when
packed into a pair of tight jeans.  "Bend over and grab your ankles.  Hold that
position."
	
	With her back to him, she could still see his face in the mirror.  She
knew when she bent over, her wrap would ride up in the back, exposing her naked
ass cheeks.  She kept her legs tightly together and did as he ordered, bending
over and grabbing her ankles.  The blood rushed to her head as she bent over. 
He heard her gasp, knowing that her naked flesh was revealed to him.  She looked
into the mirror and saw his hand moving up and down inside the robe and knew
that she was exciting him again.
	
	"Yes, your lingerie does please me.  You are being a very good girl
tonight.  I will have to give you a treat for that.  Would you like that, Tawny,
would you like me to give you a treat?"
	
	"Yes," she answered, not sure whether she would like it or not, but it
was not a choice.  She would have to do anything he wants.  She spread her legs,
feeling the cool air blow onto her heated pussy as she did as he ordered.  She
could almost feel her juices running down her thighs she was so wet.  Why was
humiliating herself in front of her father make her wet?
	
	She was obeying, spreading her legs open wider as he commanded.  Her ass
cheeks parted slightly, giving him a glimpse of her naked asshole again.  She
had a very tight asshole and he knew that she did not like when he played with
her asshole in the shower, but that was not an option for her.  Ann did not
allow him to touch her asshole and when he suggested that he sodomize her, she
bluntly rejected his request, brandishing him as perverted.  Tawny would not
have such a choice.  He intended to sodomize her.  Often.  Maybe when he had her
bound, that would be nice, tied spread eagle on the bed, facedown, him on top of
her, his hard cocking pounding deeply into her teenage rectum.  His cock grew
harder.  "Spread the cheeks of your ass, show me your asshole," he ordered her. 
He saw her hesitancy, "now!"
	
	Embarrassed, she did as he said, her hands reaching back, gripping her
ass cheeks and slowly spread them apart.  She could feel the cool air of the
room blowing on her exposed asshole.  She was afraid of this.  He seemed very
interested in her asshole, each time fingering it as she was forced to spread
her legs to allow him access to her most intimate orifice.  She stayed in
position for long minutes, bent over, her ass thrust prominently toward him, her
cheeks opened, her asshole exposed.
	
	"Very good, you are pleasing me tonight.  Now come over her, I want to
see what you have underneath that lovely silk wrap."  He watched as she rose and
slowly walked towards him.  He sat up, moving to the edge of the bed, his feel
hanging over the edge.  When she was in front of him he ordered her, "open my
robe and begin stroking my cock.  Don't make me cum, just keep it hard."
	
	Tawny looked into his eyes and again her father was replaced by the
monster that only had lust for her young body, It was like he was magically
transformed.  She reached inside his robe, pulled it aside and grabbed his cock
in her hand, her small hand barely to grasp it all.  She stared down at it as
she mechanically began to run her hand up and down the large shaft, stroking it. 
	
	"The head, make sure your hand rubs the head on each stroke," his hand
guiding hers, making she pleased him.  Her hand moved over the head and his cock
twitched in appreciation.  "Yes, like that.  Now wet your other fingers and rub
them over the head as your other hand continue to stroke it.  Like that, yes,
you are a good girl, your are making Daddy very happy."
	
	Her hands continued the masturbation of her father, her wet fingers
rubbing intimately over the head of his cock as she stroked him to hardness. 
She could feel some pre-cum leaking from the head, moving over her fingers again
as his cock began to have a glean in the light.  She felt his hands begin to
touch her body again, his large hands each spreading over her breasts,
completely encircling them within his grasp.  She gasped as they began to
tighten, compressing the flesh in her bra.  Tighter now, it began to hurt, as
his hands were not being gentle, but grasping and tugging on her youthful
breasts.  "Not so hard, Daddy," she begged.  She could feel his cock get bigger,
knowing that her pain was actually enjoyable to him, knowing that he would not
stop.  She trembled, fearing what he might do to her in order to pleasure
himself.  Is that why he had spanked her? 
	
	Michael's released her breasts from his hands but his fingers moved to
search out her nipples.  He could feel the hard nubs pushing out the silk
garment, her bra unable to contain their erection.  He grabbed both of them
between his two fingers and began to pinch them.  "Stroke me harder, Tawny," his
fingers twisting and turning her nipples, feeling her arch her back towards him,
hoping to relieve some of the pain he was inflicting on them.  "I don't think I
can wait," opening up her silk wrap and letting it slip to the floor.  She stood
before him in her silky lingerie, her hands still busy continuing to masturbate
him.  He pulled her closer so he could reach behind and unclasp her bra, pulling
it from her shoulders and down her arms until it hung on her wrists.  "Remove
it," watching as she pulled her hands from his cock and let the bra fall to the
floor.  Her breasts were just starting to mature, not big like her mothers, but
they had the potential.  Her nipples, though, stood out on her chest, a deep
reddish brown and large.  Michael had made them hard, sticking out at least an
inch, her areolas a dark brown surrounded them.  He sat upright on the edge of
the bed and pushed down on her shoulders.  "On your knees, little girl, I will
teach you to suck Daddy's cock.  This time you will have to take it in deeper,
deeper into your throat.  You are going to have to learn to deep throat my cock
if you want to please me."
	
	 "Please, daddy, not that, you're not going to cum in my mouth again,
are you?"  Her eyes pleaded with her father.  She almost vomited last time when
he forced her to swallow his cum.  She did not know if she could do it again. 
She did not hear an answer, but she knew what it was.  Her father had grabbed
his cock in his fist and was rubbing the slickened member over her lips, leaving
traces of pre-cum as it moved.  Tears began to fall from her eyes, but she
slowly parted her lips and the head of his cock began to push between them,
opening her mouth wider and wider as the head of his cock was finally totally
consumed in the hot confines of her teenage mouth.
	
	Michael thought he would cum again instantly when her tongue rubbed
accidentally over the head of his cock.  He looked down at her innocent face,
his lovely little daughter, his cock stretching her lips, her hot breath on the
head of his cock.  She looked up with eyes pleading, but cumming in her mouth
again was the only thought on his mind.  "Good girl, Tawny, I'm going to train
you to suck my cock.  Run your tongue over the head.  Can you taste my cum,
baby?" 
	
	Tawny resigned herself to her fate, to suck her father's cock until he
came and then swallow it.  She tried to shut everything else out of her mind
except for his voice.  She began to run her tongue over the head of his cock,
the salty, pasty cum already sticking to her tongue.  She gagged once on the
taste.  Her tongue ran around the rim of his cock head, down further as he
gradually pushed more of his cock into her mouth.  She could feel the veins
running up the side, her tongue lapping at them like a trained dog.  She felt
him push his cock into her cheeks, first the right, then the left, her cheeks
bulging out from the head.  He pushed his cock under her tongue, forcing it up
high into her mouth, stretching it painfully.  "MMMGGG," was all she could get
out of her mouth, his cock blocking all intelligent words.
	
	Michael pumped his cock while it was in her mouth, feeling some of his
cum leaking out the end into the hot confines of her mouth.  He knew it would
mix with her spit, lubricating his cock for when he would force it down her
throat.  He knew it would be difficult, her throat not accustomed to such a
large member being shoved in, but she would have to learn.  She would have to
learn fast.  "Have some of my cum in your mouth, don't swallow it, I want you to
taste it."  He pumped his hips forward, burying over four inches of cock in her
sweet mouth, feeling his cock bump against the back of her mouth.  He raised her
head up, her eyes staring straight at his, getting her neck into position.  He
was trying to straighten it as much as possible to facilitate his huge cock
entering her throat.  "Now, honey, I want you to breathe through your nose.  Put
your hands down to your sides and leave them there.  I'm going to shove my cock
down your throat.  Don't worry if you start choking, it will make it easier for
it to go down.  Just take deep breaths."
	
	Tawny's head shook back and forth until she felt his hands grabbing her
by her hair, securing her head.  She was more afraid than she ever was.  Not
only was he going to cum in her mouth, but also he was going to push his cock
down her throat.  It was bad enough at the doctors when they pushed the stick in
the back of your mouth to make you open your throat.  What would it be like when
a huge cock is pushed into that opening?  She knew that she would be doing a lot
of choking and gagging and she was afraid that he would make her vomit all over
his cock.  She opened her mouth wider, sucking in air for possibly the last time
through her mouth and then closed her lips down on his cock, trapping it. 
	
	"Relax baby, I know you will do a good job, I know you will swallow
Daddy's cock, breath through your nose now," and he began to push his cock
further into her mouth.  He could feel her lips trying to stop him, but he was
stronger and his cock began to push into her throat.  He stopped at the first
sign of gagging, her throat opening and closing, as his cock was jammed into it,
not moving forward, not moving backward.  He allowed her to choke and gag on it,
feeling her silky throat massage his cock head jammed in it.  "Good girl,"
holding her tightly, watching her hands clenched tightly, tears running from her
eyes, strange sounds coming from her.
	
	It burned as his cock plugged her throat, her tonsils forced out of the
way.  She gagged again and again, unable to stop.  Her stomach turned over, the
pain of the gagging and choking hurting deep inside her.  Her hands moved up to
push him away but stopped, afraid of the consequences.  Instead they clenched
onto the edge of the bed.  She felt him jerk his hips forward, burying another
inch of cock in her mouth and throat.  She felt it slither down her throat.  She
could feel his hand on her neck, outlining the cock bulging from within.  The
gagging became less frequent, her throat either got accustomed to the giant cock
plugging it or gave up the fight.  Another jerk, another inch of cock swallowed
by her, his steely grip holding her spiked on his cock.
	
	"Soon, little girl, soon I will cum in you."  Michael pulled his cock
from her throat, hearing almost a pop as it came out.  There was a whoosh, as
Tawny sucked in a giant breath of air.  Drool hung from her lips, falling on her
naked breasts below.  Michael looked down, his fingers following until he began
to pinch her nipples again.  He pulled up on her breasts, yanking them up by her
nipples, until they touched his cock, the nipples now straining.
	
	"MMMGGGUUUUGGG," was all the Tawny could get out of her mouth.  While
his cock was out of her throat, her mouth was still fully engulfing his hard
cock, filling it to overflowing.  She felt her nipples pulled, feeling like he
was trying to pull them off of her chest.  She caught a deep breath at the same
time he thrust his cock back in again, her throat going from empty to full in a
matter of two seconds.  The gagging came quickly, her throat still unaccustomed
to the brutal manner in which he took her. 
	
	Michael pushed in, driving his cock deep into her throat, further then
before.  Over six inches of cock was inside, only one inch remaining.  "Do you
want it all, Tawny, do you want all of Daddy's cock inside your mouth and
throat?'  He did not wait for an answer, pushing forward until his stomach was
smashed against her face, her cock buried deep inside her teenage mouth.  He
could feel the constant choking and gagging his cock was inflicting on her
throat, massaging his member. "Good girl, make me cum, massage me with your
throat.  It's OK to choke, it feels good to Daddy."  His hand held her head
tightly against him, turning her head right and left, making her feel the
throbbing cock inside her.  He pulled her head slowly away from his cock,
feeling his cock slide out of her silky throat until it was sitting on her
tongue again.  "I'm going to shoot the first load of cum in your throat, then
the rest is going on your face and tongue.  Are you ready to make me cum, little
girl, are you ready to make Daddy cum all over his little girl?"
	
	Tawny just had to get it over.  Her whole body was a mixture of pain,
from her head to her stomach.  She could not stand it much longer, she hated
having to swallow his cum, but she could not withstand the terrible throat
fucking that he had been giving her.  "GGGLLUUG," the cock forced into her
throat again, sucking in air through her nose as best as she could, tears
running down from her eyes as she began to the gagging and choking on his member
lodged in her throat.  He pumped her face back and forth, her lips slapping
harshly against his stomach each time he forced her to take a full stroke in her
throat.  He pulled out and before she had a chance to suck in air, his cock was
back in again in one brutal and burning stroke.
	
	"Here it comes baby doll, here comes Daddy's cum, take it all," his cock
spurting deep inside her throat.  His cock jetted out a burst of cum from his
balls shooting directly into her stomach.  He pulled his cock from her throat
until it sat heavily on her tongue before he shot any more.  He stroked his cock
with one hand and shot the second load of hot cum onto her tongue and into the
back of her mouth, filling it with his salty semen.  "Yeah, little girl, you're
better then your mother, you're going to be Daddy's little cocksucker."  He
pulled his cock out of her mouth just in time to shoot on her face, cum dripping
down from her nose to fall on her naked breasts below.
	
	All she could do is gurgle as his first load of cum shot down into her
stomach.  At least she didn't have to taste that load.  The next load was
different, he pumped it into her mouth, his salty, pasty cum falling heavily to
sit in her mouth.  His next load began to shoot as he slipped his cock from her
mouth, part of it catching on her lips before he pulled it all out and shot on
her face.  She felt like her skin was burning as it blasted onto her nose and
slowly rolled down until it fell and landed on her nipple.  He slipped his cock
back into her mouth and let her tongue draw out any remaining cum from his balls
to mix with her saliva.
	
	"Clean my cock with your tongue, you must always leave Daddy's cock
clean after he fucks you."  He pulled his cock from her mouth, it glistening
from her saliva, already shrinking, as he was temporarily satisfied.  "Very
good, Tawny, you are learning, you will have lots of opportunity to practice. 
Now as I promised, Daddy is going to give you a treat, up, get up and lie down
on the bed.  Daddy is going to make you feel good, Daddy is going to eat your
pussy.  Daddy is going to make you cum on his tongue."
	
To Be Continued




Author: Powerone and Nikki
Title: Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes a Woman
Part: Chapter 4
Summary: Daddy teaches his little girl to be a woman.  A story of incest between
father and daughter.
Language: M+f, anal. oral, virg, incest, teen, bdsm

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  Comments to the authors can be e-mailed to
Controlher@hotmail.com.

Tawny, Daddy's Little Girl Becomes A Woman

Chapter 4

	"On the bed, Tawny.  You want me to eat your pussy, don't you?"  He
watched as she lay down on the bed, spreading out on it, her young naked body
ready for the exploration by his tongue.
 
	Tawny had to do something.  She could not willingly submit to the
degradation her father was subjecting her.  And it was getting worse.  She knew
that soon he would want to fuck her, to take her virginity, maybe even tonight. 
She lay back on the bed, seeing her father watching her, his cock already
getting hard again.  God, she had just made him cum, how many times would he
force her to do that?

	"Daddy, we have to stop, I can't let you do this to me any longer.  I
don't care if Mommy finds out," she blurted out.

	Michael was expecting this reaction from her, just not this soon.  He
thought it would come after he took her virginity or even after he sodomized
her.  Not before.  He had made some contingency plans, while not complete, he
would have to see if it worked.  He opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out
a bag.  He had been shopping the other day and it dawned on him.  He opened the
bag and pulled out a pair of shiny, heavy metal handcuffs.  He dangled them by
the chain so Tawny could see them.

	Tawny's eyes opened wide when she saw them, they were just like the
police carried.  They looked so big and heavy.  Did he intend to put them on
her?  What would it feel like?  "WWWhhhaat, what are those for, Daddy?"

	"They are for my little girl, my bad little girl."  He moved over to the
bed, near her head. "Raise your wrists up here so I can attach them, obey your
Daddy," he ordered her.

	He could see her eyes questioning him, trying to comprehend what was
going on.  There was hesitation on her part, her arms not moving yet.  Was she
going to fight him?  That was not what he was hoping for.  Her hands moved up,
her wrists together.  He smiled.  "Good girl," he put on the cuffs, making sure
they were especially tight.  He strung them through a slat in the headboard, her
arms now bound above her head.

	She clenched her legs together as he put them on her wrists.  They were
so heavy, and he put them on tight.  "Nooo," but it was too late, he had
fastened them behind one of the slats on the headboard, her arms were now pulled
up high.  She would be unable to stop him, her young body defenseless to
whatever he desired to do to her.  God, what was she going to do?

	He looked down at her, naked and bound, her young, supple body for his
taking and she could not do anything to stop him.  He watched her, her hips
moving up and down, her legs clenching and unclenching.  He moved over to her,
sitting on the bed beside her.  He ran his hand over her breasts, her nipples
like giant hard pebbles, her body shuddering as he touched them.  "Spread your
legs open for Daddy," he ordered her.  His hand slid down over the taut plane of
her stomach, her legs beginning to spread open.   "Wider," he ordered her. 
"Good girl."

	Her mind was confused.  She spread her legs for him, her pussy opening
up.  She yanked on her arms, the handcuffs cutting painfully into her wrists,
unyielding.  She heard the noise as they rattled.  She could not stop him any
longer.  What would he do to her now that she could not resist him?  "No daddy,
don't, I can't stop you any longer," she cried out, her arms yanking against the
handcuffs uselessly.

	"Just relax your body, I'm going to have my way with you.  It will be
easier for you if you don't fight it."  He grabbed her by the ankles, his head
between her legs.  He raised her up by the ankles, bringing her legs together as
he did.  Higher and higher her body rose up until finally her ass pulled up from
the bed.  "You look good enough to eat.  And that is what I'm going to do."  He
bit her on the ass, not a love bite, but a hard bite of her ass cheek.  He felt
her jerk back in response.

	She felt his hands grip her ankles tightly, almost as tight as the
handcuffs.  She was being pulled up by her ankles, her naked body rising.  She
cried out as she felt his teeth dig into her flesh.  Oh, God, she felt his hands
on her ankles, pulling them to the sides, her legs spreading wide.  She was
being split open again, this time with her legs almost over her head.  She
resisted, but his hands were too powerful and she let him have his way with her. 
She groaned in pain as her ankles were pulled up and out and rested to the side
of her head.  She could only imagine how she looked, her pussy and asshole so
exposed.

	He ducked his head between her legs, inhaling the sweet smell of her
pussy.  It was partly her sexual tension and part fear.  He did not waste any
time, his tongue pushing aside her pussy lips to delve between them and find her
already dripping pussy.  He loved the taste, the taste of a sweet, innocent
girl.  His tongue moved quickly, lapping up and down, pushing against her
vagina, trying to seek entrance to her forbidden pussy. 

	Tawny almost came when his tongue first licked her pussy.  God, she
never felt anything that good.  She was humiliated, her father licking up and
down her pussy, but she could not stop him, she was bound tightly.  She
continually pulled on her handcuffs, the clanging reminding her of the tight
bondage she was in.  It was not her fault, there was nothing she could do to
stop him.

	"NNNOOO," she cried when his fingers pulled back her clit hood and he
sucked the swollen bud into his mouth.  She could feel the suction pulling it
deeper into his mouth, stretching it painfully from hers, his rough tongue
beginning to rub over the sensitive bud.  Her body began to shudder, an orgasm
quickly rising up from her body.  He was making her cum after only a few minutes
of sucking on her pussy.  He was making her, she could not stop him, she
thought.  It's not my fault.  She felt his rough hands still grasping her
ankles, pulling her legs up and apart painfully.  The cuffs hurt her wrists, her
tugging continually reminding her of the pain.  And then she came.  Came all
over his tongue and face, her hips raising up and down, fucking back on the
magical tongue that was drawing the orgasm from her young body.

	He couldn't believe how fast she had cum.  It almost took him by
surprise when he felt her juices flowing over his tongue, her hips jamming into
his face,  trying to jam his tongue in deeper.  Her body shook and trembled as
he continued to masturbate her with his tongue, her young body shuddering into a
continuous orgasm.  His hands gripped her ankles tighter, spread her legs wider,
hearing her gasping in pain as he hurt her.  But it only seemed to make her cum
longer and harder. 

	She felt exhausted, her body drained, never having experienced such an
orgasm like that.  She had masturbated before, but not like this.  She had
control over that, this she did not.  Daddy had bound her and forced to cum with
his tongue.  Her body slumped, Daddy letting her legs fall back down, but still
keeping them spread apart.  She took in deep breaths, her breasts rising and
falling on her chest.

	He looked at her, his little girl looking fucked out.  Her pubic hair
was covered with her dew, the smell of sex filling the room, her legs lying open
limply to the side.  "Did my little girl enjoy herself, did she cum for Daddy?" 
His fingers stroked along her inner thigh, only inches from her wet pussy.

	"Daddy, you make me do such terrible and degrading things."  She pulled
on the cuffs, feeling the pain, hearing the rattling of her bondage.  "You tie
me up so I have to let you."  She looked down and she saw that his cock was hard
again.  She looked up at his face, seeing the lust in his eyes again.  "No
Daddy, not again!"

	His hand reached down to his cock, encircling the erect member, stroking
it, watching the anguish on her face.  "Yes, little girl, Daddy's cock is hard
again and you are going to have to make me cum.  Daddy's going to fuck his
little girl, Daddy is going to make you a woman and take your virginity."

	She tried to move away, but he held her firmly, his hand moving up to
her pussy, grabbing it with his palm, clenching on her sex.  He squeezed it,
goosing her sex hard.  Again he did it, harder this time.  Her legs moved
farther apart, hoping to alleviate some of the pain.  He opened his hand, his
thumb moving between her pussy lips, his little finger pushing between her ass
cheeks to rub against her asshole.  He squeezed hard, his fingers sinking into
her delicate flesh.  She was going to be fucked by her father, her virginity
taken from her forever.  Not by a lover, but by her father as she was bound.  It
was almost like she was going to be raped, bound tightly, unable to prevent the
mysterious stranger from fucking her virgin pussy with his raping weapon.  She
closed her eyes, her pussy being gripped tightly, fingers moving around.  She
could see her rapists getting her bound body ready for his pleasure, spreading
her body open.

	"I can't stop you Daddy, you have my arms tied up, but please, don't tie
my legs open.  Don't leave me spread open so I cannot move when you fuck me.  It
is bad enough with my arms bound, it would be so humiliating if my legs were
split up the middle as you fuck me.  Please Daddy, don't do that."

	Michael looked down at Tawny, watching her hips rising up and down,
fucking the fingers that gripped her so tightly, her eyes shut tightly, her legs
opened submissively as he goosed her.  He released his grip of her sex, getting
up from the bed.  It seemed to have broken her trance, her eyes opening.

	"What are you doing," she cried out, her eyes questioning him as she saw
him rise from the bed and move towards the closet.  She heard a strange noise,
her pussy getting wet when she did.  It was the clanging of chains. 

	He turned to her with one of his purchases.  It was a pair of heavy,
metal cuffs and chains.  Each one consisted of two, black iron cuffs, connected
by a heavy metal chain.  He had to look for a long time to find them, finally
finding them in an antique shop, slave manacles from the civil war.  But they
were in good condition and even still contained the wrought iron key.  "I bought
these for my baby."

	Her body trembled as he moved towards the bed.  They were so big and
heavy, the cuffs at least two inches thick.  "No Daddy, don't put them on me,"
but she moved her leg out to the edge of the bed as he approached.  She felt him
grab her ankle, the cold metal sending a shiver up her spine as he moved it
under her ankle and clicked it tightly shut, the sound of metal clanking against
metal filling the room.  It was a snug fit, pressing into her tender flesh as it
trapped her ankle in its grasp.

	He thought he was going to cum when he put the leg iron on her.  She
looked so inviting, her legs spread wide, her pussy split, her arms bound above
her head.  He pulled her leg toward the bed post.  He was glad he had bought a
four poster bed.  He had thought that he might interest Ann in some bondage play
but she had rebuffed him, the posts only used in his imagination until now.

	It hurt when he pulled on the other cuff, dragging her body down towards
the bedpost.  It dug into the flesh, but her body slid on the bed until her
wrists were drawn tight, no more give. 

	He pulled once last time, the other cuff encircling the bed post.  He
tugged, hearing her groan, finally managing to get the other cuff to close, her
leg now pulled tightly.

	It hurt, her body pulled taut.  She moved her other leg closer to the
chained one, the spread of her crotch beginning to hurt.  She pulled, tugging on
the cuff, her leg having no play to move, her leg securely bound with the heavy
metal cuffs and chains.   She felt his hand move up and down her legs, feeling
how tense her muscles were, each time moving closer and closer to her pussy.

	His fingers reached her pussy again and grabbed it tightly again.  He
could not believe how wet it was, the sheet below her soaked in her dew. 
"Almost ready to fuck you Tawny.  I can't wait to get into your hot and tight
pussy.  It's so wet.  Do you want Daddy to fuck you baby?"

	She shut her eyes again.  She felt him get up from the bed and she knew
he was moving to the other side of the bed.  She tugged on her bondage, feeling
the pain as she did.  She thought of the rapist again.  The mysterious rapist
that was going to take her virginity, his eyes burning holes in her body as he
lusted for her naked flesh.  She moved her leg over to the other side of the bed
again, feeling the pain in her crotch as she had to split her legs wide to
accommodate him.  She felt a hand grab her ankle again tightly, the harsh, metal
cuff attached tightly, digging into her flesh again.  She could feel the weight
of the other cuff hanging from the chain as her legs was held aloft. 

	She felt him pull her leg farther out.  Should she, afraid of his
response.   "Please Daddy, it will hurt enough when you spread my leg to the
bottom pole.  Just please, don't bend it back and secure it to the pole on the
top of the bed.  I would be almost split up the middle.  My sex would be so open
and exposed, it would be so humiliating for you to see my like that."  She
waited.

	Michael looked down at her.  He drew her leg up higher, almost sticking
straight up into the air.  "Relax your leg, I don't want to break it."  He began
to pull it back, not to the end of the bed, but to the post at the top of the
bed.  He watched as her body strained, her pussy began to spread open, the pussy
lips pulling back as he heard her groan in pain as he spread her body painfully. 
He let go of her ankle, grabbing instead the other cuff, pulling her back
towards the post.  He was afraid he was going to split her up the middle, her
groans and moans of pain worrying him.  He finally reached the post, her ass
trying to lift up from the bed, but the other chained leg preventing any
movement at all.  A tug, another groan of pain from Tawny and he slapped the
other cuff onto the wooden post.  It was high up, her leg almost three feet up
the post.

	Her body ached, drawn and quartered, her muscles taut, her legs almost
tearing up the middle.  She felt hands returning over her body, rubbing all
over, grabbing her naked breasts within his large hands, grabbing them tightly,
watching the flesh turn white as fingers dug into them.  Fingers plucked at her
nipples, large and swollen already, cruelly digging into the tender flesh.  She
felt a hand slide down her stomach, pushing in on the skin as it moved lower. 
When it reached her little pubic patch it yanked out some hair with a tearing
motion.  "YYYYccch," she yelled, but she could not move, the bondage holding her
tight.  She felt it grip a new batch of hair, pulling it out, not trying to pull
it out, just making her feel the pain as it stretched out.

	"Open your eyes, Tawny."  He watched as she did, seeing her open crotch,
her leg bent back.  "You're not going anywhere now."  He grabbed his hard cock,
it was as big as he had ever seen it.  The bondage play with Tawny had driven it
to new heights.  He rubbed it up and down her pussy slit.  He could almost see
in her vagina, her crotch split so wide.  He knew it must be hurting her, but
she did not complain.  He harshly pushed aside her vulva, his cock seeking
entrance to her wet vagina.  He could almost get the head in, it split so wide.  
He pumped forward, watching as she grimaced in pain as the head split her
further apart.  "Feel Daddy's cock, it's going in your pussy."	

	"You have me spread so wide, it hurts and you can see inside of me.  Why
do you do this to me Daddy?"  She felt his hands on her hips, gripping her
tightly.  She knew the time had come, it was time to lose her virginity.

	He pushed, his cock head popping inside her.  He could feel her body
spasm in pain as he banged into her hymen.  Her pussy gripped his cock head,
squeezing it, clenching and unclenching on it.  "Ready to become a woman?"  He
shoved in, his cock tearing her last vestige of girlhood.

	"NNNOOO DDDDAAADDDY," she screamed.  She had not expected so much pain. 
The bondage was already bad enough, the tearing of her hymen was sheer pain,
shooting up her spine to her brain.   She felt the pulsating flesh of his cock
plunging up her virgin pussy, pushing aside all resistance as it forcefully
sought entrance to the depths of her body.

	Michael could not contain himself.  He plunged into her pussy, forcing
his cock further and further into her pussy after ripping apart her virginity. 
Her body rocked as he pulled out and then pushed back in, each time his cock
finding more virgin territory.  He had never felt anything so tight.  It was
almost painful as he fucked her.

	 Tawny closed her eyes again.  Her rapists smothered her body, his
weight making it hard for her to breathe.  His hard cock bore into her body, not
caring about her pain, his only goal is to force the cum from his balls and
blast her unused pussy with his hot cum.  She felt it hit bottom, banging
against her cervix painfully, knocking the breath from her lungs.  It tore back
out, beating back all resistance as it did, plunging back in again as soon as
the head was gripped by her pussy.  She was being used for the gratification of
her rapist, her pussy just another hole to pleasure him, her cries of pain just
adding to his pleasure.

	Michael could not wait, he continued to pump her once virgin pussy with
his hard cock. It had been a long time since he had popped a cherry or even felt
a pussy as hot and tight as Tawny.  He could not wait, he fucked her like she
had fucked all her life, making her take all of his cock with each stroke.  Her
body was taut, unable to move, unable to cushion the shock of the powerful
strokes.  She groaned in pain under his body as his hips fucked his cock in and
out, the only sounds in the room was of their moans and the slapping of flesh.

	Her rapist was crushing her bound body, fucking her for all he was
worth, intent on dumping a load of his filthy cum inside her once virgin pussy. 
He wanted to hurt her, wanted her to feel the power over her.  "Don't Daddy,
don't fuck me so hard.  It hurts.  Just don't bite on my nipples.  That would
hurt too much.  They are too sensitive."

	Michael's head moved down her body until it reached her tits.  Such a
nice pair, so firm, capped by two large swollen nipples.  He moved his mouth
down to one and sucked it deep into the hot confines of his mouth, his tongue
running over the hard bud.  He felt her try to push her breast farther into her
mouth.  His teeth clamped onto the tender nipple and bit down hard.  He heard
her scream, his cock pumping her harder, excited by what he was doing to her
body.  He bit again, her pussy gripping his cock in response.  He fucked her
hard, his cock hitting bottom each time painfully.  He sucked and bit,
alternating between both tits.

	It felt like her nipples were bleeding, the sharp, shooting pain from
her chest radiating out.  His cock continued to punish her pussy, his hips
slamming into hers as he fucked her.  She closed her eyes again, her rapists
taking her body for his lust, not caring whether she enjoyed it or not.  His
only intent was to pleasure himself.  She could not believe her own voice. 
"Daddy, don't stick your dry fingers up my asshole.  I know you would be able to
feel your cock inside me, but it would really hurt me, tearing my virgin
asshole.  It would drive my pussy up into your hard cock."

	Hands slipped under her ass cheeks, lifting her body up from the bed,
stretching her limbs more as it did, the cuffs biting farther into her wrists
and ankles.  She felt finger seeking out her ass crack, slipping down between
the moist slit, wet with sweat and dew from her pussy.  She jolted up when two
fat fingers found her asshole, playing around the tiny opening, rubbing over the
tiny bump.  Her body tensed, waiting to be impaled on the fingers.  His teeth
bit on her nipple extra hard, and she jumped in pain.  That was all he needed,
he plunged two dry fingers up her asshole painfully, stretching and tearing the
flesh as they bore into her soul.  She rose up on the bed, her limbs aching, her
pussy forced to take the cock deeper inside her.  The fingers tore around her
backside, rubbing painfully, twisting and opening.  She felt them push against
the tiny skin separating her pussy from her asshole, trying to feel the cock on
the other side raping her hard. 

	"Oh Daddy, you are fucking me so hard, make me cum," she shouted out.

	He looked down at his daughter beneath him, her pussy taking his
plunging cock, her body stretched and bound, his mouth and fingers tearing at
her body.  He could not believe that a virgin could take so much at one time. 
His finger slipped between their bodies and found her clit, pressing it up
against his cock as it tore up and down her pussy.  He yanked at it painfully
making it feel the cock plunging inside her. 

	That was the last straw.  When he touched her clit, when he pulled it
painfully, she began to cum.  It was such a powerful orgasm, her body shuddering
and shaking, her pussy tightening up on the cock inside her, gripping the
pumping organ.  The two fingers pushed in deeper, splitting open inside her,
stretching her anal passage painfully.  Another orgasm hit her, her pussy
creaming all over the cock inside her.

	Michael fucked his cock deep inside her, knowing it was painful for her,
trying to drive it up inside her womb.  He yelled as he came, dumping his hot
cum inside his daughters pussy, not caring whether she could get pregnant or
not.  Only caring about dumping is hot cum in her young, pulsating pussy.  They
came together, soaking the sheets below them.  Over and over they came until
they finally drained their bodies, Michael slumping down on top of Tawny, spent.

	"Please Daddy, I can't breathe," Tawny begged, feeling the cock inside
her shrinking, his fingers pulling painfully from her asshole.  She clamped on
them as they withdrew, afraid she might have an accident. 

	Michael sat up, looking at her body.  She was fucked, her nipples red
and swollen, traces of his bites on her naked breasts.  Her pussy was bright
red, covered in cum.  He looked down at his shrinking cock, covered in a light
red sheen of drying cum and blood, testament to her loss of her virginity.

	She looked down at his cock.  The cock that had fucked her so hard only
moments before.  It was now rapidly shrinking in size.  She closed her eyes
again.  Her rapist had now spent his load inside her, filling her once virgin
pussy with his demon seed.  But he was not finished with her yet.  No she still
had some unfinished business.  "Daddy, don't sit on my chest and make me suck
your cock clean.  It's covered with our cum and my blood.  It would taste awful
and humiliate me.  Please don't make me do it."

	Her eyes were still shut when she felt him move.  She felt the bed move
near her head and then she felt his legs on either side of her shoulders.  She
felt his naked ass sit down on her upper chest.  She opened her mouth and stuck
out her tongue, waiting. 

	Michael looked down at her, her mouth open, her tongue out, waiting,  
"Clean my cock, Tawny.  You know you always have to leave Daddy's cock clean
when he fucks you."   His hands gripped the sides of her head, pulling her head
up and began to feed his cock inside her mouth.  He shuddered when her lips
closed around the head, her tongue rubbing over it, lapping at the head.

	It tasted terrible, the coppery taste of her blood, the salty, thick cum
filling her mouth.  She gagged, but her tongue continued to bathe the filthy
cock, another gag, his cock pushing deeper into her mouth.  She could feel it
starting to get harder again.  He let it slip out of her lips, her tongue
running over it as he did.

	He got up from her chest and began to unsecure her bondage.  She rolled
over on her side when he pulled the cuffs off of her ankles and the cuffs from
her wrists.  The marks would show for a number of days.  He slowly ran his hand
over her ass as she lay their sobbing.  "What's the matter, baby?"

	"I'm so humiliated, the things you made me do.  You fucked me like a
whore."

	He slapped her ass hard, her yelp making his cock hard again.  "And you
fucked like one.  Now take a shower and get to bed.  We still have two more days
until your mother and brother come home.  I want you home again tomorrow night
again.  I have more things I'm going to do to you."  He stroked his cock as she
got up from the bed and left the room, naked, her legs barely able to keep her
upright.  He couldn't wait until tomorrow.  He would have to go out early and
get some new toys.  He wanted some new surprises for her tomorrow. 

To be Continued











Author: Powerone and Nikki


 
  Michael
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-11-21T00:26:00Z
  2006-11-21T00:26:00Z
  1
  11292
  64371
   
  536
  151
  75512
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Tawny,
Daddy's Little Girl Becomes a Woman

Copyright
2006 Powerone 

Chapter
5

M+f,
anal. oral, virg, incest, teen, bdsm

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She put her
head down when she told Jessica. Im
ashamed at what he is doing to me, she murmured softly, almost afraid to tell
her best friend. But she had to tell
someone or she would go crazy. They were
sitting on a bench at the mall, a few people going by.

&nbsp;

Who? Jessicas ears perked up. She knew that Jimmy wasnt fucking her. Who
else was there?

&nbsp;

My
father. Tawnys reply. There. She had
said it aloud. She almost felt good now
that her shameful secret had been let out.
She looked up, seeing the astonished look on Jessicas face.

&nbsp;

Your father
is fucking you? Jessica waited for the
answer, her mind racing with images of Tawny laying naked beneath her father,
his hard cock pounding into her virgin pussy.
Tawnys father had a great build and took care of his body, while Jessicas
father was already fat and going bald. God, I wish he would fuck me, Jessica thought
to herself, eager to lose her virginity. But she didnt want to lose it to a high
school boy that was as inexperienced as she was. She wanted a man to take it from her, someone that would rock her world when he
took her.

&nbsp;

Yes, Tawny said
in a matterof-fact tone. Its been
going on for a couple of weeks. My
mother is gone a lot, and Andy is a senior, so hes not home very often, with friends
and a serious girlfriend leaving him gone most nights. She waited for some kind of reaction from
Jessica, her eyes staring directly into hers.

&nbsp;

 Give me the juicy details. Jessica said
eagerly. How did it begin? What has he done to you? Jessica couldnt wait for the story, her
pussy wet with the thoughts that raced through her head.

&nbsp;

It started
off when my towel accidentally fell off when we bumped into each other in the
hallway. Since that time he has been
looking at me funny. Not as a daughter,
but as a woman. She paused for a
second. Then he punished me. With a spanking. I told him I was too old, but it didnt do
any good.

&nbsp;

He spanked
you. Jessicas mind raced, imaging it
was her over his lap, his large powerful hand slapping hard on her cheeks,
making her cry out in pain. And then his
hand giving her the pleasure.

&nbsp;

Yes. And then he took liberties with me. He took off my panties and made my ass
naked. Then he spanked me again. It really hurt. But that wasnt the worst. Tawny paused, gathering the courage to
continue with the embarrassing details. I
hated it when he took off all of my clothes.
He even got into the shower with me.
The memory came back to her too vividly, her naked father masturbating
her, her shame at cumming under his expert fingers.

&nbsp;

Jessica had to
know. Did he make you cum? She wished she could play with her pussy, her
panties drenched as Tawny told the story.

&nbsp;

Yes. Tawnys
face was red with humiliation. I
couldnt help it. His fingers excited me
in a way that I cant explain. She had masturbated
after that, but nothing could match the explosive climax she had with her
father. She was ashamed of what had
transpired in her house, but each time she masturbated it was always the image
of her father stroking her to orgasm in the shower that made her cum.

&nbsp;

What about
him? Did you make him cum? Jessica imagined stroking Tawnys father
cock, watching it grow bigger as her fingers curled around the thick flesh.

&nbsp;

Yes, with my
hand. Tawny paused, not sure she should
say it. And my mouth. He came in mouth. 

&nbsp;

Jessica had
made Bill, her boyfriend, cum with her hand.
Many times, in fact, each time giving in to avoid him taking her
virginity or forcing her to take him in her mouth. She wasnt sure she could do that - have a
boys cock in her mouth. Especially if
he came in her mouth. God, how did you take
it all in your mouth? She almost wished
she could ask Tawny how big her fathers cock was.

&nbsp;

It appeared to
Tawny that it was almost as if Jessica wanted that ordeal to happen to her.
Instead of feeling sorry for Tawny, Jessica wanted all of the sexy
details. He shoved it down my
throat. He held it there while I choked
and gagged on it. It was terrible. She almost cried, hoping for some sympathy
from her best friend.

&nbsp;

Im sorry Tawny.
Jessica said, and put her hand on her friends shoulder, drawing her close to
her. She couldnt even image taking a
cock down her throat.

&nbsp;

While Tawny
wrapped her arms around her, Jessica pressed, Did he take your
virginity? She was sure that she had
lost it to her father.

&nbsp;

Yes, she
replied, tears forming in her eyes. I
was so ashamed. He made me cum while he
fucked me. She wouldnt even mention
how her father had tied her down or ate her pussy. That would be too much.

&nbsp;

What are you
going to do? Are you going to tell your
mother? Jessica didnt know what she
would do if she were in the same position.
After all, it was Tawnys father they were talking about. No daughter wanted to put her father in
jail. She was sure that it would
devastate Tawnys mother if she told her.

&nbsp;

No! I couldnt do that. Theyd put him in jail. Tawny cried.
She had almost resigned herself to the fact that she couldnt stop her
father from taking advantage of her, afraid of what he would do to her in the
future. Each day his demands had
increased in perversion. And with him
binding her, she had no way to stop him even if she had the nerve to defy him.

&nbsp;

If there is
anything I can do, just tell me. She
hugged Tawny closer to her.

&nbsp;

Maybe you
could spend the night with me this weekend.
My mother is going away today and at least he would leave me alone if
you were there. Tomorrow night? She looked into her Jessicas eyes, pleading
with her.

&nbsp;

Of course.
Jessica replied instantly, wanting to support her friend. Well spend the weekend together. She was a bit nervous. Tawnys father wouldnt do anything with
Jessica there. Would he?

&nbsp;

They shopped a
bit before Tawny had to go home, no mention of Tawnys confession brought up
again. Ill be over about ten
tomorrow. We can lay by the pool and get
some sun. Dont worry, itll be
okay. Jessica gave her a peck on the
cheek, leaving her to go home, already thinking of her date with Bill
tonight. She hoped that Bill would play
with her pussy and make her cum, her body so horny after hearing Tawnys story. 

&nbsp;

* * * * *

&nbsp;

Tawny was
relieved to see her that her fathers car was absent from the driveway when she
got home. A note was on the table as she
entered. She opened it.

&nbsp;

Tawny, your father and I went out for dinner before he took
me to the airport. Ill see you Tuesday.
Your father will be home late tonight, hes going to see me off at the airport
even though the flight doesnt leave until eleven. Hes so sweet, always thinking of me. Love you, Mom.

&nbsp;

Tawny was at
least grateful, hoping that by time he got home he would be too tired to try
anything. With Jessica staying over, all
she had to figure out was what to do on Monday night. She wrote a note, leaving it on the same
table.

&nbsp;

Dad, I was so tired that I went to bed early. Jessica is going to spend the weekend with
me. Hope its okay. Love Tawny.

&nbsp;

Tawny watched
TV for a while before going to bed. She
really was tired, the week having taken a toll on her. She climbed into bed, pulling the covers up
high to her neck. She was asleep in
minutes, and didnt hear her father come in, well after midnight.

&nbsp;

Michael read
the note, his mind instantly fashioning a plan.
He picked up the phone, dialing his brother Joseph. Joe, sorry to call you so late, but I have a
proposition for you. He had already
told Joe about what he was doing with Tawny.
Joe hadnt been shocked upon hearing the news - in fact he had thought
it was natural for a father to introduce sex to his daughter. After all, who was more qualified than her
father? They talked for a few minutes,
then Michael ended the conversation with Ill see you about noon, Joe. You wouldnt regret it.

&nbsp;

* * * * *

&nbsp;

Tawny was up
early, surprised that her father was also awake after arriving home late last
night. She went over to where he sat at
the breakfast table, drinking a cup of coffee and bid him good morning. I hope you dont mind Jessica staying over
this weekend. she asked, and waited nervously for his reaction. Fortunately, her father seemed to be in a
good mood, and Tawny hoped that meant he would leave her alone.

&nbsp;

He replied
with a smile. Not at all. I like Jessica. You girls just do what you want. Im going out for a while, I probably
wouldnt be home until dinner. He
turned around and left without waiting for a response, knowing that Tawny was
probably relieved. He could see it in
her face, but inwardly he smirked as his cock grew hard at the thought of her
naked body. So she thought she was safe
from him for a few days? He had the
whole weekend to enjoy her. And enjoy her
he would. He would teach Tawny the
pleasures of womanhood. And how to
please a man.

&nbsp;

* * * * *

&nbsp;

They were
lying out next to the pool enjoying the gorgeous day. The sun was warm upon
their bodies but not too hot as to be uncomfortable. Both of them were wearing bikinis, Jessicas
red and Tawnys yellow, showing off their budding figures. Tawny was a little worried that the skimpy
bikini would entice her father, but Jessica assured her that she would protect
her. According to Jessica, her father
wouldnt dare to try anything in front of her.

&nbsp;

Jessica opened
up her purse, pulling out a flask, and saw Tawnys eyes widen. Her boyfriend had picked up the vodka cooler
last night for her. She held it out
entreatingly to Tawny. Have a
swig. This stuff is great. Real mild, but it gives you a great
buzz. She took a swig for herself first,
the vodka going down warm.

&nbsp;

Tawny wasnt
sure that she should, but she didnt want to act like a prude. She almost choked as she took a big gulp, her
stomach burning as the liquor rushed to her brain. Damn, thats strong. She passed the flask back, both of them
sitting up in the lounge chairs. Tawny
giggled nervously, feeling rebellious for drinking alcohol.

&nbsp;

But Jessica
had another surprise, pulling a joint out of her purse along with a lighter and
ash tray. I come prepared. she
grinned. She put the joint in her mouth,
taking a big toke as she lit it. The
cloud of smoke rose up, Jessicas chest heaving as she sucked in and held the
hot smoke in her lungs. She passed it to
Tawny, not saying anything, too concerned with holding the smoke in her lungs
as long as she could. She could already
feel the buzz of the liquor and the joint, her body becoming relaxed.

&nbsp;

Tawny had only
smoked a few times, all of those occasions with Jessica, not trusting to relax
her inhibitions around anyone else. She grabbed
the joint and took in a deep breath of the harsh smoke, fighting the urge to
cough. It felt as if the smoke rushed to
her brain in seconds, Tawny already growing dizzy. The worrying thoughts of her father rushed
from her head as the drugs and alcohol made her feel as if she wasnt even in
her own body any longer.

&nbsp;

They smoked
the joint, alternating with swigs from the flask to cool down their
throats. By time it was finished, both
of them were pretty far gone, Tawny glad her father wouldnt be home until late
as she was sure their intoxication was obvious.
Jessica put the joint out in the ash tray, getting up and sitting next
to Tawny. She sat close to her, feeling
the heat from Tawnys body. She put her
arm around Tawnys naked waist, Tawny not moving away from her touch. Her other hand touched her chin, pulling her
head toward hers, their eyes meeting, their mouths only inches apart.

&nbsp;

Tawny knew
something was about to happen and wasnt afraid of it. She and Jessica were best friends. The buzz of the joint and liquor let her
guard down, her tongue licking her lips as she knew they were about to kiss. It seemed so natural, especially after all
the unnatural acts with her father. Tawny
needed some gentle love-making in her life, even if it was with a female.

&nbsp;

Jessica looked
into her eyes, seeing her surrender, her lips pursed to receive the kiss. She moved in close, feeling the electricity
jump between their lips as they touched.
God, she didnt think it would be
quite like this. She thought it
would be like kissing a boy, but this was gentler, their lips so smooth and
silky, their tongues intertwining with passion, not lust. Jessicas hand went up and cupped Tawnys
breast, her hand grasping her almost naked flesh tenderly, feeling her nipple
spring to life beneath her fingers. She
heard Tawny moan, their naked hips touching.

&nbsp;

Tawny thought
she would cum when her tongue entered her mouth, driving deep, searching out
her tongue until Tawny responded, their tongues meshing with each other. Her nipple almost hurt when Jessica touched
it, so sensitive, wanting to feel her gentle touch. She reciprocated, tentatively touching
Jessicas breast, fuller than hers. She
slipped the shoulder strap off of Jessicas shoulder, her hand finding her
naked breast, the tip hard and pointed as her fingers gently squeezed it. She moaned in Jessicas mouth as she felt her
breasts being caressed so gently, their lips moving against each others in a
passionate kiss that left her breathless.

&nbsp;

When Tawny
made her breast naked, Jessicas hand slid around her back, expertly unsnapping
the top of her bikini, pulling it from around her neck, letting it slide
between them. She pressed her naked
breast forward, her body jerking back in shock when their naked nipples pressed
almost painfully into each other, the tips feeling so hard and pointed. She moved back against her after pulling her
top from her other breast, both of them naked from the waist up. She began to rub her breasts against Tawny,
her nipples so hard and pointed, her pussy dripping wet. She didnt know how far they would go, but
she was eager to explore Tawnys body.
With her hands and her mouth. She
finally broke the kiss, their faces inches from each other, their lips wet from
the kiss. Jessica looked down at Tawnys
breasts with a new look, her tongue licking her lips in anticipation of sucking
the hard nipples.

&nbsp;

Are you okay
with this? Jessica didnt want to
pressure Tawny, her father was already doing that. 

&nbsp;

More then I
could imagine. Tawny could barely catch
her breath as Jessica pushed her down on the chaise lounge, Jessica moving down
with her, her body between Tawnys legs until she was lying on top of her. It wasnt very comfortable, but the heat of
the sun, the buzz of the joint and liquor combined to give her a feeling of so
much pleasure. She sighed when their
pussies met, the bottom of their bikinis the only thing that separated their
naked sex from each other. Jessicas
head moved down, her mouth following to suck Tawnys hard nipples gently into
her mouth, her tongue lashing out at the hardened tip as Tawnys hips rose up
and began to rub her pussy against Jessica, moaning loudly. She was going to cum and cum soon, Tawnys
hand reach between them to grasp Jessicas nipple between her fingers.

&nbsp;

Jessica pulled
her mouth from Tawnys nipple long enough to say. Pinch it hard. I like it that way. She moaned in pleasure as Tawnys fingers bit
harshly into her nipple almost as if a vice was gripping the throbbing
tip. God yes, she cried out, burying
her head into Tawnys naked breasts, moving her mouth from one nipple to the
other. She ground her pussy against
Tawny, the pleasure exploding in her loins.

&nbsp;

What have we
here, the voice exploded out of nowhere.

&nbsp;

Jessica and
Tawny both jerked up instantly, their pleasure shattered by the harsh male
voice that broke their passionate embrace.
They both fumbled to find their tops, looking up to see Tawnys father
standing over them. Tawny looked up in
horror, for her father wasnt alone.
Next to him was Tawnys Uncle Joe, Jessica having met him before. He was about five years younger than her
father, both of them good-looking men.
In his hand were the two bikini tops dangling from his fingertips. He pulled them back when they tried to reach
for them, one of their hands pressing their naked breasts, trying
unsuccessfully to hide their half naked bodies from their probing eyes.

&nbsp;

Daddy, what
are you doing home so early? Tawny
asked, projecting as much innocence in her words as she could, despite the
alcohol and drugs flowing through her system. She even smiled nonchalantly, trying to gain
the upper hand of the situation and act as if nothing were going on. Can I have that Uncle Joe? She let her hand outstretch for the top. 

&nbsp;

Jessica wanted
to die, her hands clutching her naked breasts, seeing Tawnys uncle staring at
her lustily.

&nbsp;

Michael looked
down, seeing the ash tray, the remains of a joint in it, a flask lying on its
side on the deck. He looked over at Joe
in mock consternation and gravely said, It looks like I got her just in
time. Joints, alcohol, and now seeing
Jessica seducing my sweet daughter. I
wonder what would have happened if I hadnt come home in time. He shook his head reprovingly. And for Uncle Joe to see both of you this
way. 

&nbsp;

Its not what
it looks like, Jessica chimed in apologetically.

&nbsp;

I think it is
exactly what it looks like. Joe
responded harshly. His cock was so hard he was afraid he would bust his
pants. I can only imagine what your
parents will say about this. He smiled
to himself when he saw the apprehension that flew across both girls
faces. It was time to lay the cards on
the table and see if the girls would surrender.

&nbsp;

My parents? Youre not going to tell my parents. Jessica said desperately. She would be ruined, sure that it would
somehow get around the school before long.
She would be accused of being a lesbian.
That wasnt an image she wanted to cultivate. It wasnt that she hadnt been enjoying the
encounter with Tawny, but she still yearned for a hard cock.

&nbsp;

And your
mother! Michael chimed, warming to the
act. What do you think she would say
about this, Tawny? When he saw the look
of terror on his daughters face, he knew they had them right where they wanted
them. The girls were too afraid at the
thought of their actions being revealed to others that they wouldnt dream of
defying Michael. Now for a good weekend
of two girls willing to do anything to get out of the mess they were in. And anything and everything was exactly what
would be required of them.

&nbsp;

Tawny couldnt
even say anything, knowing her mother would be so disappointed in her. Please dont tell, she begged.

&nbsp;

Yes, please
dont, my parent would ground me for life.
Jessicas eyes pleaded with the men, hoping her girlish guiles would get
her out of this.

&nbsp;

Michael stuck
to his stern act, wanting to prolong their fear until they were safely inside
the house. I think we should go inside
to discuss this. Out of the prying eyes
on the neighbors. No telling what they
have already seen you girls engaging in.
He turned and started walking to the door when he heard Tawnys voice.

&nbsp;

Can we have
our tops back? Her voice pleaded with
him. Even though he had already seen her naked, he imagined her state of
undress was made worse for the fact that she was sitting in front of her Uncle
Joe. He at least had known her since she
was a baby.

&nbsp;

Get inside
and well discuss it. In your room. Uncle Joe followed him as they both went up
the stairs to Tawnys room, opening the door to enter. The bed was covered with stuffed animals, the
pink bedspread giving the room a little girls feel. They waited inside, among the feminine and
innocent frills, hearing the girls coming up the stairs slowly.

&nbsp;

Jessica
followed Tawny, her arms crossed over her naked breasts. What do you think is going to happen,
Tawny? she whispered nervously.

&nbsp;

Tawny had
already figured it out. She had seen the
bulge in her fathers pants. And in
Uncle Joes pants as well. They wanted
sex from them and they were going to have to accommodate them in whatever
manner they wanted. Tawny felt a surge
of apprehension. It was bad enough when
she was alone with her father, but now she would have to perform for him in
front of her best friend and Uncle Joe.
She wasnt even sure what they would do to them, her fathers desires to
perverse for her to even fathom. She was
resigned to her fate, however. They are
going to want us. Uncle Joe will want
you. I see the way he is looking at
you. Its your choice. She saw the expression of disbelief on her
friends face and added. Are you going
to try to explain to your parents what my father saw?

&nbsp;

Are you
sure? He wants me? Sexually?
It was so obvious that Jessica didnt even realize it until Tawny said
it. She felt a rush of wetness between
her legs as the thought of Joe taking her rushed in her head. She had never done it with anyone before,
never mind in front of others. Would he take her virginity from her? Of course he would, what older man didnt
desire taking a young virgin? What else would he do? Would he make her suck his cock and swallow
his cum? Like Tawny did to her
father? While she didnt fathom being blackmailed
into having sex, the thought of a forced sexual encounter made her wet with
desire. 

&nbsp;

Of course. Hes going to fuck you, Tawny replied
bluntly. They were in front of Tawnys
bedroom door. Well? What do you want to do? Tawny waited for her answer.

&nbsp;

Ill do
anything to keep my parents from finding out.
Jessica had decided.

&nbsp;

Im sure you
will have to. Tawny opened the door to
see her father and Uncle Joe waiting for them.
They both walked in. Tawny was
the first one to speak. Well do
anything if you dont tell. Both of us,
she added. She saw the smile light up
their faces at her surrender.

&nbsp;

Joe spoke to
Jessica. Are you willing to do anything
Jessica? Anything? His cock jerked
in pleasure as her voice broke the silence of the room.

&nbsp;

Whatever you
want of me, Jessica responded, surrendering her innocence to a man she barely
knew.

&nbsp;

They both sat
down, the girls standing in front of them.
They dropped the tops of the girls bikinis on the floor. Why dont you begin by putting your hands at
your sides? Show us those lovely
tits. They waited patiently for the
girls to begin performing for them. 

&nbsp;

Tawny looked
at Jessica, her hands falling to her sides, her hands in a fist as she stood
half naked in front of them. Jessica followed suit, both of them standing with
their hard pointed nipples thrust out.
Tawny could still feel the dampness on her nipples where Jessica had
sucked them. The mens eyes felt as if they were burning their chests, Uncle
Joe looking at Tawny in a new light.

&nbsp;

Lace your
hands behind your neck and bow out your elbows.
Arch your back and show us proudly those firm tits. Jessica has much
larger nipples than Tawny does, as well as fuller breasts. Uncle Joe teased Tawny. 

&nbsp;

Tawny tried to
stick out her naked breasts even farther, as if she were trying to prove a
point to Uncle Joe. She felt her body
turn red in shame as she paraded her half naked body to them.

&nbsp;

Michael
stroked his cock through his pants. Two
young girls for their pleasure for the weekend.
It seemed almost too good to be true.
He had many things to teach Tawny, but he would also like to try out
Jessica, noticing with delight that her body was more mature than Tawnys. He was sure that Joe wouldnt mind sharing,
maybe would even agree to both of them taking her at once. With Tawny joining in.

&nbsp;

Michael and
Joe got up, the girls eyes following their steps as they moved behind
them. Look straight ahead, he ordered
them, both of them moving behind the girls, Joe behind Jessica. His hands slid around her naked waist, his
cock jerking in pleasure as he touched her silky skin. He kissed her neck as his hands slid up to
cup her firm breasts. His large hands cupped
them from below, a finger moving up to rub gently over each nipple, slapping at
the tips, forcing them to swell into hard little points.

&nbsp;

Jessica
couldnt stop the feeling of arousal at that first touch, her ass pushing back
as soon as Joe touched her breasts, his calloused hands feeling so strange on
her naked breasts. His fingertips
snapped at her nipples, her body shaking as he stimulated like no one had ever
done before. Most boys were content to
make her feel good, doing whatever she wanted to please her. She knew with Joe it would be different, that
she would be forced to pleasure him. And
that was what worried her. She had no
idea what he would require of her. She
only knew that she would have to obey.
She felt his cock against her ass.
It was hard, just like her boyfriends cock. But as opposed to Bill, Joes cock felt
huge. Like the size of a babys arm,
throbbing against her ass. One of his
hands slid down to her hips, holding her against him, forcing her hips from
side to side, her ass sensuously sliding over his throbbing member. God,
she could feel it jerking beneath his pants.


&nbsp;

Joes finger
plucked at one of her nipples while he humped his cock against her ass, feeling
her hips moving by themselves now, gently sliding her ass back and forth over
his cock. He couldnt wait to get her
naked, wanting to enjoy his naked cock rubbing on her firm ass cheeks. Her nipple swelled beneath his touch. His other hand moved back up again, both of
her nipples pinched by his fingers. He began to tighten his fingers on her
nipples, feeling the hard buds being crushed beneath his powerful fingers. He thought she would cry out from the
pressure, but she only moaned, her ass pushing back again on his cock. He pulled her nipples out, feeling them
stretch as he tightened his grip to keep them from slipping from his fingers. They grew elongated, the pink nipple and dark
brown areola almost two inches long. Do
you like that? He whispered in her ear
as he twisted her nipples. Do you like
it when I squeeze your hard nipples like this?

&nbsp;

Jessica almost
came as his fingers gripped her nipples in a vice, the pain shooting to her
brain. But the strange part was the pleasure that raced to her loins, his cruel
handling of her naked breasts exciting her.
She had always pinched her nipples while masturbating, but this was so
much different. His fingers were more
intense, the pain mixing with the pleasure.
She was afraid to answer him. But
it hurt when he twisted her nipples, forcing her to answer. Yyyyees, she murmured quietly, not wanting
anyone else to know. His only answer was
to snap a fingernail against her nipple, the pain instantaneous, racing through
her breast.

&nbsp;

Then youll
love the jewelry I have for you. Some
lovely clamps for your nipples, he teased her, his fingers racing all over her
breasts, his large hands able to encircle her breast and crush it in his palm,
her breast flesh pushing out from between his fingers. When he released them, his red finger marks
stayed on her white flesh. Jessica was
going to be an exciting girl to play with, Joe thought, sure that he could
drive her to excess, forcing her into the most perverse acts. Are you a virgin? he asked, hoping her
answer would be affirmative. There was
nothing like seeing the shock and wonder that came upon a virgins face when
she was fucked for the first time.

&nbsp;

Jessica was a
bit grateful, but also disappointed when he released the tips, his hands still
cradling them her breasts. Her nipples felt deserted, hard and throbbing. Yes, she answered. 

&nbsp;

Joe wanted
more of an answer. I assume you mean
your pussy is virgin. But what about your
mouth? Have you ever been fucked in
your mouth?

&nbsp;

Jessica turned
red, but answered. Yes,

&nbsp;

How about
your ass? He pushed up harder against
her ass, his cock throbbing against her cheeks.

&nbsp;

She was
shocked by his question, never even considering such a despicable act. Sodomy was for gay guys to indulge in. Never.
Id never do that, she said adamantly.

&nbsp;

Joe slyly
smiled as he rubbed his cock against her again. Imagine a nice, hard cock
inside your tight asshole. Youd be
surprised how it would feel. Especially
if you had another cock in your pussy.
It would feel like a log splitting you up the middle. His cock throbbed at the idea.

&nbsp;

Itd kill
me, Jessica begged. She couldnt
imagine two cocks in her at once! Was it even possible? She looked over at
Tawnys father, her eyes staring down at the bulge in his pants. They both had large cocks, and she was sure
they would tear her apart if they both fucked her at once.

&nbsp;

You ever been
tied up? Tied up for sex? He was sure that her mind was racing as to
what she had agreed to.

&nbsp;

She never
imagined being tied up, the sudden thought making her wet as she felt a shudder
run through her body. She could almost
feel the helplessness of being bound, Joes hands and cock taking advantage of
the bondage to force her into perverse acts.
Even sodomizing her, the thoughts of being bound face down on a bed,
legs spread, arms tied to the corner of the bed. She could feel his weight on her back, the
fumbling between their bodies as she felt the rubbery flesh of his cock pushed
against her asshole. No, she said,
almost apologetically.

&nbsp;

As Joe
continued his dirty talk to Jessica, Michael let his hands slide down over
Tawnys hips and then glide forward to cup her sex in one hand, his large hand
forcing her to spread her legs to accommodate him. Her ass pushed up against him. Yes, rub my cock with your ass. I like that.

&nbsp;

His fat finger
snuggled between the lips of her pussy, pushing aside the thin fabric of her bikini. Tawny began to rock as his finger moved up
and down her slit, rubbing her sensuously.
She was still dizzy from the joint and aroused by Jessicas kiss, her
fathers finger masturbating her as she stood half naked in front of Uncle
Joe. It felt too good. Too good to admit. She rubbed her ass, feeling her fathers cock
jerking against her cheeks. Jessica
would have so much to learn, sure that Uncle Joe intended to introduce her to
the most perverse acts, just as her father had done. Tawny had only to be sodomized to fully
experience every way a woman could be fucked, the cock jerking against her ass
giving her the feeling that her ass wouldnt be spared today. She moaned when his hot hand slid up and down
in her bikini bottom, his finger finding her wet. Tawny was ashamed of the
wetness, but knew there was no way of hiding it, for a soft slurping sound
could be heard in the room as Michael continued to massage her pussy lips in an
up and down motion. She cringed when he
went so far as to comment on her wetness, saying Yo Joe, listen to this. Her cunts gushing like a faucet! He smiled when he saw Tawny bow down her
head, knowing that she was embarrassed by the obscene word. So he used it again, to further humiliate
her. Yeah, your cunt juice is lubing up
my finger just beautifully. he said, and ran the pad of his finger around her
clit a few times to encourage more juice to seep out before sliding his finger
up and down again. 

&nbsp;

Yeah Michael,
I can hear her pussy all right. Joe grinned from behind Jessica, where he was
rhythmically squeezing her full breasts.
Why dont you slip a finger in her to test how easily shes gonna take
your cock? he suggested.

&nbsp;

I was
planning to. Michael replied and unceremoniously shoved his middle finger up
Tawnys hole, wiggling it around and causing her pussy to make more of the wet,
sucking sounds. He pulled it out as
Tawny groaned, only to shove it in hard again. His finger almost lifted her up as it slid
inside her pussy, her wetness making it slick.
She rocked back on her heels as she found herself suddenly impaled by
her fathers finger, groaning. 

&nbsp;

Michael found
her pussy drenched, his finger entering her easily, snuggling deep inside her
hot, tight flesh. Then he had another
idea. Maybe the girls should continue where we interrupted. He swirled his finger inside Tawny, feeling
her muscles grip his finger almost willingly.
Maybe she was learning her place in life. 

&nbsp;

Youd like
that, wouldnt you Jessica? Joe asked. It
would be even better with us watching both of you. He felt her body shake in fear. But first, I would like Jessica to show us
her body. A very lovely virgin
body. He moved away from her, seeing
Michael and Tawny sit down on the bed.
He had pulled his finger out of his daughters pussy, a light smacking
sound heard in the room as the digit left her wet flesh. Joe turned Jessica until she was facing the
other two, moving to join them on the bed.


&nbsp;

Jessica didnt
know if she could do it, seeing three pairs of eyes staring at her, waiting for
her to strip naked. And worse. She stood before them, her body perspiring as
she waited.

&nbsp;

Slip off the
bikini bottoms, Jessica. Joe urged. Show us that virgin pussy. He waited, his hand on his cock, feeling it
jerk as he rubbed it slowly. 

&nbsp;

Tawny felt her
fathers hand cover hers, moving it until it rested on the front of his
pants. Please, dont make me do that
again. It was so shameful when he made
her stroke his cock. 

&nbsp;

Michael began
to move her hand back and forth, his cock growing under her soft hands. Dont make me punish you, he warned, though
in actuality he wished she would defy him.
He enjoyed punishing her young, naked body. He felt her surrender, pulling his hand away
as she continued the forced masturbation.
Yes, a bit harder, he said as her hands rubbed him, making his cock
jerk beneath her touch. 

&nbsp;

Jessicas eyes
pleaded with Joe, but all she saw was the lust in them as he eyed her naked
breasts. She didnt understand how her
nipples could be so hard, embarrassed as Tawny and her father also watched her,
Tawny now stroking her fathers cock. She
didnt have any choice though, and tried to imagine that they werent there,
her hands moving down to her waist, hooking the low waistband and slowly peeling
them down over her hips. She felt shame
as her breasts hung down as she was forced to bend over, her thighs almost too
tightly together to pull the bottoms down.
She felt a rush of juices in her pussy when the bottoms slid over her
bush, knowing that she was almost naked.
Down the bottoms went, Jessica trying to bend over demurely as she slid
them down her legs, kicking them off her feet one foot at a time. She stood back up, her two hands cupped over
her sex, hiding it from their prying eyes.

&nbsp;

Thats very
nice, Jessica, Joe said. But youre
going to have to move your hands to your side.
Show us that lovely bush that you wanted Tawny to play with. He waited for a second. NOW!
His voice rose up, shattering the quiet of the room. Even Tawny jumped at the unexpected loud
order, her hand stroking her fathers cock faster.

&nbsp;

The sudden
harshness in his voice scared her. Would he hurt her if she didnt perform to
his liking? The thought of him
forcing himself on her, maybe even tying her up scared her. She hung her head down as she moved her hands
to the side, the rush of air hitting her sex, knowing that they all could see
her naked. She stood before them, her
body trembling for long minutes, waiting for the next humiliating act. 

&nbsp;

Take my cock
out and stroke it, Michael ordered Tawny.
He wanted to feel her soft hands on his hot flesh again. She hesitated, looking up at him, Michael
returning to stare into her eyes.

&nbsp;

Jessicas eyes
looked up when she heard the soft whisper of a zipper being pulled down. She watched as Tawny slid her fathers fly
down, her hand fishing into his pants, returning out with his hard cock. Her fathers ass rose up from the bed as Tawny
maneuvered his cock from the tight fitting pants, finally having to help Tawny
by unbuckling his belt and the top of his pants. His cock was larger and thicker than she had
ever soon. Even with her boyfriend, she
had stroked his cock, but it was usually dark in the car when it happened. She was now staring at a mature mans naked
cock in the bright light of the room, almost forgetting her own nakedness as
she was mesmerized at the long appendage.
Jessica watched, transfixed, as Tawnys hand returned to stroking it,
her fingers wrapped around the thick shaft as she slid up and down. He best friend was jerking off her own
father! But Jessica couldnt look away,
mesmerized by the taboo vision in front of her. And Tawny was certainly taking her daughterly
duties seriously! Jessica thought as she
watched Tawnys other hand rub over the head of her fathers cock, seeing it
glistening in the light, leaking his cum already. Tawny looked at her father, seeing the look
of pleasure in his eyes as his daughter masturbated his cock. Jessica was sure
she could never do such a thing to her father.

&nbsp;

Michaels
swollen penis grew larger in Tawnys hand as she stroked his cock, the hot
flesh feeling as if it were burn her hand.
She gripped it firmly, her small hand circling the head, squeezing
firmly as she slowly pumped down to the base.
She jerked it with an inexperience that was far more arousing to Michael
than a practiced stroke, for Tawny seemed intent on what she was doing,
curiously exploring every inch of his hard dick. Her fist slid down to the base of his cock,
where she gripped it firmly by the root and wagged it back and forth a few
times, fascinated despite herself when she saw the head get redder. Up and down she squeezed, sliding the
foreskin over the hard muscle beneath. Her hand ran over the head, back and forth
over the hole until it leaked, the wetness hot and sticky, the taste quickly
filling her brain as she remembered taking it in her mouth in disgust. She stroked it faster, hoping to make him cum
so he wouldnt put it in her mouth.

&nbsp;

Joe wished it
was Tawny stroking his cock, never imagining such a sight before, his precious
niece an expert at masturbating despite her relatively small amount of
experience. Hopefully Michael would share her talents with him. He returned to Jessica, seeing her eyes
staring in amazement as Tawny jerked off her father. He looked at her pussy, a neatly trimmed bush
that failed to hide her puffy lips. He
wanted to see more. Spread your legs
for us.

&nbsp;

Joes voice
woke Jessica out of her hypnotic observation, looking to see him staring down
between her legs. She slowly spread one
leg out about a foot, waiting for his next command. 

&nbsp;

You can do
better than that. He reprimanded. I want them as wide as your shoulders. I want to see some pink in that pussy, he
joked, seeing her turn red in shame.
Never before had anyone referred to her intimate areas, let alone used
such crude language to describe them.

&nbsp;

Her feet
shuffled out, Jessica feeling her labia opening up, the cool air blowing on her
heated pussy. She shivered, in spite of
the warm day. She waited, looking down
to see if her legs were spread far enough, ashamed at how wide they were. 

&nbsp;

A virgin
pussy, Michael joked from the bed, having slowed down his daughters hand so
as not to blow his load yet. I havent
seen one for a few weeks now. Ever since
I busted Tawnys cherry. he smiled. Spread
your lips open with your fingers, Jessica.
I want to see that dark, forbidden hole. His hand moved over to Tawnys shoulder,
pushing her head down to his lap. Suck
my cock, honey, he urged her, his cock jerking as he felt her hot breath on
his cock.

&nbsp;

Please, dont
make me do that. Let me use my
hand. Ill make you cum, Tawny pleaded,
trying to bargain with her father. She
hated it when he made her do that, his cock tasting terrible, sure that he
would cum in her mouth or on her face, where the hot crme felt as if it would
burn her when it landed on her skin. 

&nbsp;

No, I want
those lips wrapped around my cock now, he ordered her. He put his hands on her head, pushing her down
onto his throbbing cock.

&nbsp;

She could only
lick her lips as his hand forced her head down, her hand holding his cock up
rigid as her mouth formed an oval, ready to receive his thick cock in her
mouth. He didnt stop pushing until she
felt the head of his cock slip between her lips, leaving a trail of the foul
tasting cum on her lips. She tightened
her lips around his cock, the thick flesh splitting her lips wide, his hips
urging up into the air, feeding more of his cock into her unwilling mouth.

&nbsp;

Tawny gagged
and tried to regain control of the situation, pulling her head back instead and
lightly lapping at the head of the cock.
She figured if she took little licks of his cum, she would be accustomed
to the taste by the time he ejected it all in her mouth when he came. Fortunately Michael didnt seem to mind her
defiance. It was actually better to have
her hot little tongue teasing the head of his cock, delaying his cum. That way, he could watch the spectacle before
him undistracted by an orgasm. He fought
not to cum, her hot, wet mouth tightening on the head of his cock as it jerked
in pleasure. He stroked her head. Thats not so bad now, Tawny. I can tell you like Daddys cock in your
mouth, isnt that right honey? Tawny murmured
something unintelligible and drew the crown of his cock into her mouth and
light pull on it. Pretty soon Michael
forgot about Joe and Jessica and began to pull her head up and down, his hips
moving with the suction of her lips on his cock. Your tongue, Tawny. Lap at my cock with your tongue like a good
dog. He felt his cock shoot a small
load of cum into her mouth, unable to contain himself. He tightened his muscles as he fought the
urge to cum, holding her head still. He
finally felt the urge go by. Just a little
cum for you honey, he said, his hand moving her head up and down again. You suck like a whore. Saying those filthy words to his own daughter
propelled his orgasm, and he jacked his daughters head harder and faster over
his cock.

&nbsp;

His hands felt
like a vice on Tawnys head, holding her still.
Her mouth was unexpectedly filled with hot cum, the thick, salty crme
spraying her tongue, filling her mouth with the terrible taste. She gagged, her mouth filled with his hard
flesh as she breathed rapidly through her nose.
She finally tried to swallow the cum, feeling it slowly slide down her
throat and into her stomach, the taste still lingering in her mouth. His hands began urgently again, pulling her
face on and off his cock again.



Jessica
watched as Tawny was forced to suck her fathers cock, his hand gliding her
head up and down, Jessica surprised as she watched her best friend swallow so
much of her fathers cock into her mouth.
She could hear her choking and gagging each time her father shoved her
too deep, her eyes tearing. She was
afraid that Joe would force the same perversion on her, Jessica not sure that
she could take a cock in her mouth. It
was just despicable. Then she was broken
from her thoughts when heard Joes voice again.

&nbsp;

Reach down
and pull your pussy lips apart. Real
wide. Until they hurt. I want to see all of you. He was ready to inspect her himself, but he
wanted to humiliate her a bit more first.


&nbsp;

Jessicas hands
reluctantly slid down to her sex, her fingers finding her pussy dry as she
pulled back her labia. She yanked until
it almost felt as she was tearing them off, afraid that if she didnt, Joe
would and he would be even harsher. She
looked down, ashamed at how exposed she was, her insides so clearly visible. But
apparently not visible enough for Joe, because he said Thats nice little
hole, sweetheart, but I wanna see that little berry too. Pull your hood up so I can see that sweet
little clit. Jessica was
mortified. He wanted her to stretch her
skin every way until nothing was hidden from view. She hesitated, reluctant to release her
sensitive little organ from its protective hood. Joe quickly kneeled before her. 

&nbsp;

Whats wrong
honey, you need a little help? He
reached out with both hands and used his thumbs to gently push her hood back
until her little red clit popped out.
Joe let out a long whistle. Now
that is truly beautiful, darling. he said, his face inches from her gaping
pussy. Jessica wanted to melt on the
spot. Not only had she and Bill only
done some heavy petting, they had always fooled around in the dark, where it
was easy to cover up ones self-consciousness.
Now here she found herself with an older mans face just inches from her
widespread pussy, in a brightly lit room! She looked down to see her clit exposed, surprised how big it looked. She held her lips open, her fingers straining
to keep herself so obscenely exposed.

&nbsp;

Thats good
enough to eat Tawny. Michael commented as he tried to see around Joes head. If we didnt stop you two, Im sure that is
what would have happened. Now you only
get to suck cock. He pulled her face down deeper onto his cock, feeling her
strain as his cock tried to breach the back of her throat, her hands clenched
tightly at her side as she choked. He let her pull back. Do you like Daddys cock in your
throat? Youre getting to be Daddys
little cock sucker. He loved teasing
her.

&nbsp;

Youre such
an obedient slut, Jessica. Now turn
around, bend over and spread your cheeks apart.
I want to see your asshole.

&nbsp;

NO! I cant do that, she protested loudly. She released her lips, her legs going
together as if she could hide her sex from them.

&nbsp;

Would you
rather I do it? His powerful voice was
adamant.

&nbsp;

Please, she
begged. Thats too humiliating. She couldnt pull her cheeks apart and reveal
her tiny anus. 

&nbsp;

Maybe youd
rather play with Tawny.

&nbsp;

It had to be
better than showing her ass. Yes, her
voice low.

&nbsp;

Michael pulled
Tawny off his cock, her head moving up, her lips covered with his cum, her
chest moving up and down as she filled her lungs with air. You want to play with Jessica? Or would you rather suck my cock some more?

&nbsp;

Anything was
better than than. He was getting urgent,
shoving his cock down her throat too many times, her choking and gagging making
her stomach turn. Yes Sir, she
answered quietly.

&nbsp;

Get them
bottoms off and lay down on the bed, he ordered her. He watched as Tawny slid the bikini bottoms
off, letting them slide to the floor.
She lay down in the center of the bed.
Spread your legs for her honey.
Jessica wants some of your pussy.
He saw her shame as her legs spread wide, her pussy opening up to his
eyes.

&nbsp;

Jessica moved
over to the bed, walking slowly as if it were her death march. Joe moved close to her, his hand dropping to
her hip, Jessica jerking away as she felt his calloused hand on her naked
flesh. He pulled her closer to him, his
hand returning to her hip. She began to
climb onto the bed, seeing Tawny spread out obscenely in an x, her arms and
legs spread wide. What would have been a
romantic encounter before was turning into a perverted act, Michael and Joe
wanting to watch them have girl sex, Jessica not even sure what to do now. She felt Joe stop her.

&nbsp;

The other
way. I want your head at her feet. Straddle her head with your legs. Joe pushed her the other way.

&nbsp;

No, he
couldnt think she could do that, but his hands were pushing her to the other
end of the bed. His powerful hands
guided her into the position he wanted her, Jessica finding her face over
Tawnys wide spread legs. She felt her
knees yanked wide apart by Tawnys father until she was straddling Tawnys
face. She wasnt sure, but she could
almost feel Tawnys breath on her sex.
They were not to be refused, Jessica finding her body poised above Tawny,
knowing that Joe wanted them to lick each others pussy. This was not what Jessica had in mind on the
lawn chair. She thought more of some
innocent kissing, maybe sucking their nipples and rubbing pussies. But not putting her tongue in Tawnys pussy.

&nbsp;

Joe was next
to her face, Michael whispering into Tawnys ear. They both said the same thing. Lick her pussy. Real good now. I want your tongue deep inside her. Jessica found her head pushed down, her ass
similarly manhandled, finding her body pushed down on top of Tawny.

&nbsp;

Tawny knew
better then to protest the perverse act, seeing Jessicas sex slowly covering
her face. She wet her lips as she
inhaled the aroma of her sex. She had
tasted her own juices, finding it much more enjoyable then her fathers cum,
not so salty and definitely not as thick.
She really wouldnt have minded this happening if it was still just the
two of them, but with Uncle Joe and her father watching, she was afraid of what
further perversions they would force upon them.
She didnt have time to think, it growing darker as Jessicas body
pushed down on her face until her nose was almost flattened. She stuck out her tongue, finding it come
instantly in contact with her slit, the wide expanse of Jessicas legs forcing
her pussy lips open.

&nbsp;

Let her
breathe, Michael pulling Jessica up by her hips. Shes going to eat you, but you have to let
her breathe. 

&nbsp;

Jessica
thought she would cum the moment she felt the wet tongue on her slit. She jerked her body up, not from Michaels
order, but in shock at the intimate touch of Tawnys wet tongue on her slit. She braced her body up on her knees, her head
pushed down by Joe until she came in contact with Tawnys pussy. She pushed her tongue out of her mouth and
swiped it up her slit in a quick maneuver that even surprised her. She felt Tawny gasp in pleasure as Jessicas
tongue glided up and down her slit, finding Tawny already wet. It didnt taste bad, her tongue lashing again
at her slit, finding Tawny rising up her hips, driving her sex into her
tongue. Jessica moaned in pleasure as
she felt for the first time a tongue on her sex. She couldnt describe the pleasure she felt
as Tawny used her tongue with such skill, driving up and down her slit. But the most pleasure was when she lashed at
Jessicas clit, her lips sucking it deep into her mouth, her tongue lashing
back and forth across it, Jessicas body jerking up and down.

&nbsp;

Tawny almost
forgot the men watching them, her face hiding their leering glances as both
girls tried to match each other, their tongues bringing such pleasure, their
pussies wet with desire. Tawny made her
tongue hard and stuck it into Jessicas vagina until she felt it touch her
hymen, fucking it in and out like it was a little cock taking her
virginity. Jessica, not to be outdone,
reciprocated, fucking her tight hole with her tongue. 

&nbsp;

The little
sluts like it, Joe commented as he heard them moaning, their hips fucking up
and down, the slurping sounds filling the room.
Joe moved to the other end of the bed next to Michael, no longer needing
to make Jessica perform, both girls enjoying their oral ministrations to much
to bother with them.

&nbsp;

 Jessica
was almost ready to cum, never feeling such pleasure before. Tawny had her pussy eaten by her father,
ashamed at how she had so lewdly cum under his expert tongue, her body tense,
knowing that her father was near her, watching her every movement, afraid of
what he might do. She heard the sharp
slap of a hand hitting flesh, felt Jessicas pussy smashing into her face,
crushing her nose until she finally pulled back up.

&nbsp;

Dont move
your ass, Joe warned Jessica, a sharp crack on her ass leaving the white globe
of her cheek red with his handprint. She
pushed her ass back up into the air again, sure that Jessica found that she was
suffocating her best friend with her pussy.

&nbsp;

Jessicas ass
stung terrible, not having been spanked for at least ten years. She didnt know what Joe was up to, but she
submissively raised her ass up into the air again, not wanting to feel his
powerful hand on her stinging cheek again.
She went back to driving her tongue into Tawnys pussy, lapping at her
abundant juices. She heard them talking
behind her, finally realizing how obscenely she was positioned.

&nbsp;

Look at that
tiny asshole. With her ass shoved up,
her legs spread, her cheeks were pulled apart, her crack almost
disappearing. Her anus was just a tiny
spot between her crack. Joe was not to
be denied, his hand touching her cheeks, Jessicas body trying to jerk away
before another crack on her ass kept her still.
He pulled her cheeks farther apart unceremoniously, watching as
Jessicas tiny asshole began to stretch open.


&nbsp;

They were both
staring at her ass, Jessica ashamed at them looking at her most intimate
hole. She never fathomed such a thing
happening to her, especially not by Tawnys father and a strange older
man. But her she was, slapped again when
she tried to hide from their prying eyes, hands now pulling her cheeks apart,
her anus beginning to burn as it pulled open.
She was sure they were going to tear her open before Joe finally
stopped, a strange feeling in her backside as they cold air of the room went in
her hole. She lost the ardor of the
moment, their prying hands and eyes taking away the tongue that lashed at her
clit, trying to drive an orgasm from her body.

&nbsp;

You going to
fuck it? Michael asked, already knowing
the answer.

&nbsp;

Damn right I
am. What about Tawny? You going to teach her to pleasure your cock
with her asshole?

&nbsp;

Its the last
thing I have to teach her. She already
knows how to fuck and suck. She just
needs experience now. And this weekend
will give her a lot of it. I think we
might just take them each two at a time, let them feel what its like to have
that much cock at one time. Too bad we
dont have another for their mouth.
Michaels mind was already reeling.

&nbsp;

Joes cock
need relief soon, the talk of taking the girls and their oral sex was making
his balls ache. He released Jessicas
cheeks, letting his finger slide along her crack, pausing at her asshole,
feeling the heat of her body and her muscles pursing as it felt the gentle
probing of his finger.

&nbsp;

She trembled
as his finger touched her backside so intimately, the pressure increasing,
Jessica afraid he would breach her backside.
She was relieved when he moved away, feeling him get off the bed and
move towards her again.

&nbsp;

He pulled her
off of Tawny. Thats enough for
now. Dont want the both of you to get
too used to girl sex. Well have you craving
cock before the weekend is over. 

&nbsp;

Off the bed
Tawny. You can come over and suck my
cock while Uncle Joe masturbates Jessica for us. He pulled her off the bed to find a chair,
pushing Tawny to her knees before him. He pulled his cock out again, his hands
on her head. Suck, he ordered
her. He felt her hot mouth engulf the
head of his cock, her tongue already slashing over the head of his cock. She was horny from eating pussy, her mouth
more eager to suck his cock now, looking for some relief. Make me cum and Ill let you cum, he
explained to her. Her head began to move
up and down, one of her small hands cradling his balls, squeezing gently. Yeah, you know what to do my little whore.

&nbsp;

Tawny found
herself sucking her fathers cock again, this time submissively kneeling
between his legs. She found that in her
high state of arousal, she was almost looking forward to sucking cock. But
there was a lust between her legs that was unfulfilled, Jessicas tongue
exiting her but leaving her on the edge.
Her father said he would make her cum if he did, her hands eager to
please him. She took long pulls of her
fathers cock, nursing the organ like a baby bottle. Up and down she slid her lips, flattening her
tongue against the underside as more and more cock filled her throat. Each time she felt herself begin to gag she
retreated, and focused on taking short, hard pulls from the head. It wasnt long before Michael was groaning in
pleasure.

&nbsp;

Jessica found
herself in the center of the bed on her back, Joe kneeling over her. Her arms were thrust up over her head, Joe
warning her to keep them there or he would tie them, the thought of being bound
scaring her. She grabbed the headboard
almost as if she were bound, waiting for Joes touch on her body. She didnt have to wait long, his fingers
reaching down to pluck her nipples from her chest, yanking them until her back
was pulled from the bed, the ache in her pinched nipples radiating through her
chest. His fingers were strong, her
nipples feeling like they were in a vice as her breasts were pulled into a
cone, stretched far from her body by her nipple. AAAAWWW, she moaned, not sure if it were
pain or pleasure, his fingers so demanding.
EEHHH, she felt her nipples twisted, feeling the blood cut off from
the tip. Her hips began to move, her
legs opening and closing, wishing she could run her fingers through her
slit. 

&nbsp;

Joe liked the
way she responded, Jessica spreading her legs submissively. Maybe she was enjoying the pain. He released her nipples, watching her firm
breasts dance on her chest as they sprang back.
He slapped one of her breasts, his hand hitting it firmly on the side,
smashing it into the other. There was a
shocked look on her face, but her hands never moved, her fingers white from
gripping the headboard. He looked over
at the night stand, finding what he was looking for. He got up and took the string off the pile of
letters, returning to the bed. Jessicas
eyes were on his hands as he bent down, taking the string, making a circle with
it, leaving it open as he slowly lowered it until he lassoed one perky
nipple. He let it slip around, his
fingers slowly tightening the noose until it slipped just below the nipple. He pulled, watching the noose tighten on her
nipple, seeing it turning dark red as he pulled the noose tight. Her hips began to move more, up and down as
if she were trying to find something to fuck, opening and closing, Joe seeing
her pussy drenched in her juices. He
pulled up on the string, watching the nipple bend as the string tightened on
the flesh. He pulled up, her beautiful
nipple yanked harshly out of shape, stretched and tightened as he yanked her by
the string. Her back arched up, trying
to relieve the strain but Joe just pulled higher. Her legs opened wide, her hips moving up and
down, her dark hole so inviting. 

&nbsp;

Jessica
couldnt believe it, her proud nipples treated so harshly. But what bothered her most was the tingling
in her loins each time Joe abused her firm young, breasts. She spread her legs as if she were a whore,
wishing Joe would touch her down there, sure she would cum from the first
touch. The slap on her breast shocked
her, no boy would ever do such a thing, but Joe was different, abusing her body
with no regard to her pain. Or pleasure. She looked over at Tawny, seeing her father
pulling her on and off his cock as if she were a shoe, her mouth taking his
powerful thrusts, gagging each time he pushed too far. Jessica was scared of taking a cock in her
mouth, especially with Joe, sure that he would have no compulsion of jamming
his cock far down her throat. The pain
raced through her nipple as Joe attached a small string to her nipple, Jessica
not believing that it could be that tight, feeling like a knife was slicing
through her delicate nipple. She held
the headboard tight as her nipple bent painfully in two, Joe yanking her up by
her nipple, the small string more powerful than it looked. She bit her lip as her nipple felt as if it
were torn from her chest. She didnt
realize until she looked down, her knees bent to the side, her sex opened up
wide, her hips moving up and down. Her
pussy was drenched, wishing Joe would touch her down there, ashamed at her own
lust. 

&nbsp;

Joe made
another noose, wrapping it around the other hard nipple, yanking it up,
watching as the pink nipple bent and turned dark red as the blood was trapped
in the tip. He yanked up on the string,
both of her nipples stretched, her firm, young breasts now yanked out of shape. He moved the string to her mouth. Hold the string in your mouth. If you let it go Im going to spank your
titties. Her mouth opened, Joe putting
the string in them, making her yank her nipples up high. Good girl. Now keep it tight. His fingers touched her nipples, teasing them
harder, watching the tips swell.

&nbsp;

He made her
yank her own nipples, the string tightly in her mouth as she pulled her head
up, making the string tighten more. She
felt his fingers on her nipples, his fingernails snapping them, igniting a
deeper pain. Her nipples throbbed,
feeling her heartbeat in each tip, a deep ache in her breasts. She could only mumble her scream as she felt
Joe slap the inside of her thigh, on the tender inner skin, the pain racing
through her body.

&nbsp;

Spread those
pretty legs and keep them open. No
matter what I do. He slapped the other
thigh, seeing her legs spread open wide just like a whore. Yes, thats a good girl. Keep that string tight, eyeing her nipples,
the red tips now almost pulled painfully two inches long. She seemed to like the pain, not sure if she
even realized it. She still held the
headboard, her tiny hands wrapped tightly around in. Maybe he should tie her up when he fucked her
and took her innocence, sure that it would drive an explosive orgasm from her
untrained body. She needed someone like
him to teach her the perversities that would ignite the lust in her.

&nbsp;

Her thighs
ached, her legs spread so widely, her thighs still stinging from the
slaps. His hands returned to her inner
thighs, this time almost gentle as they rubbed from the knees to her crotch,
teasing so close to her pussy that she could almost feel it. Please
touch me there she mentally begged him, her legs shaking as she held them
spread wide for him. 

&nbsp;

He could see
her juices running down the inside of her thighs, she was ripe for cumming, but
he wanted her to beg first. His hand
cupped her sex almost gently, gradually tightening his grip, feeling her puffy
lips beneath his powerful grip. Her hips
rose up from the bed, wanting more of his touch in spite of him gripping her
tighter. He let a finger slip between
her lips, finding her insides drenched with her lust. He began to clench his hand, unclench it, then
clench it again. Her moans of lust
filled the room as her hips began to move, humping his large hand as if she
were a bitch dog in heat.

&nbsp;

Her friends
moans of lust registered in Tawnys mind as worked as her head bowed under the
pressure of her fathers hands, guiding her mouth further down his cock. It was terrible, her fathers cock driving in
her mouth almost methodically. He had
gotten into a rhythm, his hands holding her head submissively onto his fucking
cock, his hips driving back and forth.
He would pump his hips five times, each time pulling back out. But it was the sixth one that Tawny waited
and feared. His hands would tighten on
her head, his hips driving his cock into her unwilling mouth and he would stop,
his cock poised at the entrance to her throat, waiting until Tawny would choke. EEEGGG, she mumbled, her throat opening up
as she gagged, his hands ready, driving her head onto his cock as if it were a
boot, his powerful hands shoving his cock down into the breach of her
throat. MMMGGGG, she gagged as his
cock pushing into her burning throat, forcing the muscles aside as Tawnys
mouth opened wide, her eyes tearing as he throat fucked her. Her tongue instinctively pushed against his
cock, unwittingly massaging it in an effort to push it out. She felt her lips
pushed against his pubic hair, Tawny not even believing that she had taken it
all in her mouth, but it was true, her ragged breathing testament to the thick
cock that blocked her breathing from all but her nose. CCCuuuff, spitting out his cock as he
released her head from his grip, the drool running down her chin as she sucked
in as much air as she could into her desperate lungs. His hands returned to the side of her face,
lifting her head back up again, his cock throbbing inches from her mouth.

&nbsp;

Open up again
honey, he whispered almost sweetly to her, his cock eager to feel her lips and
throat massage his pulsating flesh.

&nbsp;

No more, Daddy,
it hurts in my throat. She pleaded, tears running down her face, drool and cum
on her chin as she begged him.

&nbsp;

He pushed his
cock against her lips, rubbing the wet head along her silky lips. He put a finger into the corner of her mouth,
forcefully breaching it, the head of his cock battering its way inside her
again. His hands held her head up, her
lips wrapped around his cock as he fed his cock into her waiting mouth. Do it for daddy, he urged her. He likes it when he fucks your throat. Your choking and gagging brings me so much
pleasure.

&nbsp;

She felt his
hips beginning again, Tawny counting the number of times that moved back and
forth, the sixth stroke driving it deep in her mouth, his hands waiting to urge
it down her choking throat again.

&nbsp;

Joe began to
fuck Jessica with his fingers, Michaels moans of pleasure intensifying his
anticipation, careful not to bust her cherry, eager to do that with his
cock. She was humping up and down as his
finger swirled around her tight opening, tearing it open wider, two fingers
stretching her virgin pussy open. She
seemed to be lost in his masturbation of her, her mouth still pulling the
string tightly, her nipples almost purple as they swelled. His hand was drenched with her cum, sliding
up and down her slit noisily. He yanked
the string from her lips, yanking them up until her nipples stretched.

&nbsp;

She couldnt
believe the pleasure his hand was brining to her. She felt a relief when he pulled the string
from her mouth, the tight pinch on her nipples slight relived. But he pulled them up, yanking them
harshly. EEEEEHHHH, she screamed out
as her nipples felt as if they were torn from her chest, Joe yanking the string
so far. GGGGHHH, she screamed again,
the string finally yanked from one nipple, but not before the pain
intensified. Her eyes were clouded with
tears as she saw Joe yank the other end of the string, tearing the string
painfully from the last nipple, sure that her nipples were ruined for
life. AAAGGGG, the scream tore from her
lungs. She felt a hand push harshly
between her legs, not even realizing that she had closed her legs. The hand pushed them far apart and then Joe
did the unbelievable. 

&nbsp;

His cock throbbed
as she screamed, Joe watching her as he tore the strings from her nipples, sure
they dug deep into her flesh before the finally pulled free. She had shut her legs, his hands pushing them
open again, spreading them wide. He
raised one hand and brought it down onto her sex with a powerful slap that
pushed her fleshy labia into her pelvic bone.
He pulled his hand back again, slapping her pussy again before she could
recover. He watched as she strained to
keep her legs open for him in spite of the spanking. He could see little drops of juice fly from
the harsh smack, a sight that inflamed him.
And the look on her face was priceless, Joe sure that no one had ever
treated her body so harshly. He began to
rub her pussy again, this time making sure that his fingers pinched her clit,
her ass rising up each time he did. Now
cum for me. And dont close your legs
when you do. Or Ill spank your pussy
again. He began to frig her harder, his
hand slapping noisily as it slid up and down her wet slit, Joe finding her
drenched in her own juices. Two fingers
ruthlessly shoved inside her, a gasp from her lips as her hips rose up, his
fingers punching against her hymen, threatening to tear her virginity from her.

&nbsp;

Jessica strained
to keep her legs open, her body tense as she feared another spanking on her
pussy. Her sex still tingled from the
powerful spanking, his fingers running all over her sex, her clit suffering
under his powerful fingers, grabbed, yanked and snapped at by two fingers. She felt the fingers driving into her wet
pussy, pushing aside her virgin flesh, banging against her innocence, her body
tense, expecting him to bust her hymen painfully. But each time his fingers retreated, her
virginity intact. Her hips humped up and
down, her body poised at the edge, even her nipples were still hard and tingling. She couldnt wait any longer. EEEEEHHHH, she screamed out in ecstasy as
she came, his fingers driving an explosive orgasm from her body, Joes fingers
inside her as she clenched possessively on them as she came. She struggled to keep her legs closed, the
natural instinct to shut them, trapping the fingers that were pleasuring
her. MMMMHHHH, she screamed again,
biting her lip as another powerful orgasm raced through her body, her pussy
drenched in cum. The fingers kept up the
vigorous finger fucking, her body wanting to come down from the orgasm, Joe
making her continue. She thought she had
finished, her body drained, when Joe spanked her pussy again, his large hand
hitting her resoundingly on her sex, her clit smashed beneath his fingertip,
forcing another cum from deep inside her body, this time from the unexpected
pain.

&nbsp;

Ooooowwww!
she yelled out. Youre hurting my
vagina! she screamed. 

&nbsp;

No! Joe said
harshly. Not your vagina. Your cunt.
He corrected, wanting to hear her say the dirty word. Tell me you want to make your cunt feel better.

&nbsp;

Please,
Jessica begged. Make my c-c-cunt feel
better, she said, ashamed at behaving like a lewd whore. Joe, pleased with her submission, grabbed her
clit and began to pull on it, stretching it tautly before releasing it to rub
it in slow, firm circles. Good girl.
He crooned when she began panting heavily in lust. He kept rubbing and pulling, working the bud
until she pumped her hips again, ready to cum a final time.

&nbsp;

The bed
beneath her was drenched in her cum, his hands glistening as he spanked her
pussy one more time, seeing her ass raise up into the air as she came again,
her body thudding back down onto the bed, spent from the multiple orgasms that
raced through her untrained body. He
began to slowly run his fingers up and down her slit, gently, her body
shuddering each time he touched her clit, sure that it was sensitive. Thats a good girl, he spoke softly to her
as he gently masturbated her again. Let
your body relax. Youre going to have to
cum for me again, he urged her. 

&nbsp;

She didnt
think her body had it in her to cum again, but his fingers were surprisingly
gentle. Her hips began to rock back and
forth as his fingers played her body as if she were an instrument. Two fingers plucked at her nipples, teasing
the tender tips.

&nbsp;

Tawny heard
Jessica screaming, not sure if it were pain or pleasure, the sounds of rough
sex filling the room. She couldnt see
what was going on any longer, her father too excited. His cock continued to grow in her mouth,
Tawny not able to believe it as it seemed longer each time he jammed it down
her throat. He was holding her head with
two hands, Tawny not able to move without his consent. Her mouth had long become tired, too tired to
do much but be a receptacle for his thick cock.
It slid in and out, his hips and hands forcing the thick cock as deep as
he wanted into her unwilling mouth and throat.
Tears streamed down her cheeks, her ragged breathing only broken as she
coughed and sputtered when she was allowed to breath, each time Tawny knowing
that his cock would return, Tawny forced to open wide as it split her lips
again. Another scream from Jessica as
she heard her father getting ready to cum, panting, his hands much more urgent,
his cock jammed down Tawnys throat for longer periods of time. He began to pump her face, her nose almost
breaking as she was yanked harshly onto his cock, pushed into his abdomen with
such force. By the third scream of
Jessica, she was allowed to breathe, his hand pumping his cock in front of her
face, as he panted in pleasure. She knew
what he wanted, her mouth opening slightly, her eyes closed as she waited to
feel the hot cum hit her face. She didnt
have to wait longer, the thick cum hitting her on the nose with a shattering
noise, her skin feeling as if it were burning as it slowly ran down the tip of
her nose. She opened her eyes just in
time to see his hand pump another load of cum, her fathers hands tilting her
chin back as he pumped the cum into her open mouth. It quickly filled her mouth with the foul,
pasty taste, her father pushing his cock forward until it sat on her lips. She let her tongue move out her mouth,
rubbing over the head of his cock as he spewed a final load of the thick, hot
cum into her waiting mouth. She felt his
cock push into her lips, her tongue bathing it submissively, gathering up all
the thick, salty cum from his cock, cleaning it.

&nbsp;

Such a good
cocksucker you are Tawny. Lick it
good. Leave your daddys cock
clean. I promised to make you cum if I
did. Joes going to masturbate Jessica
again. He wants her body nice and
relaxed when he fucks her. You know how
that is Tawny. It hurts the first time
when daddy fucked you. But now you like
it. He petted her head as his cock
already began to harden in her skillful mouth.
Its going to be the same way when I fuck you in the ass. Itll burn and hurt when I force you
open. But you will give such pleasure to
Daddy. You want that dont you,
Tawny? You want Daddy happy.

&nbsp;

It took ten
more minutes, but Jessica came again.
Not like last time, Jessica not sure she would ever have the multiple
orgasms like that again. Or would
survive it again, her body abused from the first way. She was ashamed at how Joe had made her cum,
even when spanking and abusing her flesh.
Her body was so limp, her mind cluttered as Joe smiled down at her. He put his hand to his mouth and ran his
tongue all around his fingers, licking up her juice. She feared what he would do now, his hand
slowing taking his cock out of his pants, Jessica shocked at how big it
was. Bigger than Michaels. Joe pulled her naked body out of the bed, her
eyes pleading with him to let her alone.

&nbsp;

He took off
all of his clothes, standing naked in front of her, his hand stroking his cock
to hardness. Now its time to take care
of me, Jessica. Dont worry, Ill teach
you everything you need to know. He
grabbed her hands, bringing them up to his cock. Stroke it real nice Jessica. Get it ready.

&nbsp;

Please, she
begged, but her hands were already on his hot flesh. She could barely put her fingers around
it. She could never take it between her
legs. She felt hands pushing down on her
shoulders, finding her on her knees, his thick cock only inches from her
mouth. No! I cant take it in my mouth. She protested, but her hands continued to masturbate
his cock. 

&nbsp;

Dont worry
Jessica, Ill do all the work. All you
have to do is open real wide, laughing as he saw the look of terror on her
face. Youll do good sucking my cock.

&nbsp;

Tawny was
pushed down onto the bed face down, her fathers hands drawing her hips up, his
other hand pushing down on her back.
Put your head down and that cute little ass up into the air. He hooked a hand between her legs, yanking
her legs out unceremoniously until she was spread wide on her knees. He slapped her ass, unable to contain his
lust as the firm ass shoved so submissively up into the air. Her cheeks parted, her anus exposed, his cock
thickening at being sucked deep into her asshole. Dont worry, Ill fuck your pussy
first. He waited. Once you get my cock wet, then Im going to
sodomize you. He let a finger tease her anus, seeing the muscles clench
uncontrollably, Tawny beginning to cry.

&nbsp;

Both girls
trembled as they waited for the men to commit the unspeakable acts on their
bodies.

&nbsp;

To be continued

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone Nikki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





