BDSM Library - Baker's Dozen




Baker's Dozen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story in progress. Kat Lang a snoopy reporter gets the right idea about the new admirer of her friend Vicky Greene, unfortunately for her.BAKER'S DOZEN
By, BZ 
 As Kat (short for Katrina) Lang sat at the Restaurant bar watching Nick
  Baker, she was sure she was onto something.  
 Kat was the new reporter at the Bulletin. She was desperately trying to
  get her first big break. And her intuition was telling her that Nick Baker
  was at the bottom of the story that had plagued the city for over a year now.  
 Over the past fourteen months fourteen women had disappeared from the city,
  vanished without a trace. Twelve had disappeared during a period of three weeks,
  then after month's of dead leads and no further abductions, two more women
  had suddenly disappeared and what had been a dying story, suddenly became rejuvenated.
  The early police investigation had focused on Nick Baker, a former Special
  Ops. Officer. Nick was presumed to be a disgruntled executive at the firm where
  his immediate superior happened to be the first woman to disappear.  
 The police were unable to make any headway in their investigation of Nick
  Baker and had eventually moved on to other suspects. As the number of victims
  increased the supposed connection to Nick Baker seemed to become a non-factor,
  and the police eventually dropped him as a suspect. But Kat seeing Nick Baker
  leering at her girl friend, in the restaurant where she and a group of young
  women were celebrating that friend's birthday, had her suspicions aroused.
  In Kat's mind, Nick still seemed the obvious suspect, and now Nick Baker seemed
  to have fixed his attention upon her friend Vicky Greene.  
 It was Vicky's birthday and the stunning green eyed red head wore her favorite
  party attire, a black silk and chiffon dress, lit with sequins and a halter
  top with rhinestones and a lace trim, the dress did more than justice to Vicky's
  voluptuous body. Vicky could be one exuberant young redhead, with a very athletically
  attractive body. Vicky's exuberance became obvious every time a new friend
  arrived at the restaurant bar where the party members gathered. Vicky excitedly
  raised her arms to greet then hugged each newcomer as they arrived. Meanwhile,
  Kat was watching Nick watching them.  
 Kat, a blue eyed blonde, was decked out in a black lace ballet slip dress,
  with a black lace bodice and thin spaghetti straps, she was very alluring as
  she sipped at her Cosmopolitan and kept an eye on Nick. All in all Kat might
  have been inclined to pass this all off as meaningless happenstance. Both Vicky
  and Nick were extremely attractive people, and it would not be implausible
  if either had found the other attractive. But, to Kat it seemed that Nick's
  interest was menacing and when he went out of his way to see where Vicky and
  their party were being seated Kat felt her suspicions were confirmed.  
 Still later that evening she could have sworn that she saw someone watching
  from across the street as she dropped the birthday girl off at her apartment.  
 She couldn't swear it was Nick Baker, she wasn't even positive she had seen
  someone; it could, after all, have just been her over active imagination, but
  maybe not. What exactly should she do?  
 Nick, had indeed, been attracted to Vicky Greene's ample charms, red heads
  had always been his favorite. And, he had been determined to get another glimpse
  of the effervescent young red headed beauty on his way out of the restaurant;
  perhaps, he had been a little too obvious.  
 When he got to his car he thought "what the hell I've got nothing better
  to do tonight, let's see where that foxy little lady lives." He waited in the
  parking lot for the party to break up, then fixed on Vicky as she exited the
  restaurant with Kat, and the two attractive friends made their way to Kat's
  Volvo. Nick discretely followed the Volvo until Kat dropped Vicky off at her
  apartment.  
 Having discovered where Vicky lived, Nick drove home in order to occupy
  himself with his own fantasies.  
 Kat thinking she'd seen some one watching Vicky's apartment building when
  she drove up to drop her friend off had her suspicions aroused. She decided
  to make one pass around the block then set up watch on her friend's apartment.
  She found a place directly across from the apartment's entrance.  
 Had she indeed seen anyone watching the apartment when she dropped Vicky
  off, they certainly weren't there now. With her cell phone in hand Kat took
  up watch.  
 The next Morning Nick drove up to Vicky's apartment complex and immediately
  spotted Kat's car parked out in front of the apartment complex, with Kat asleep
  in the front seat. "It seems my intriguing redhead has a guardian angel." Before
  driving on he took down Kat's license plate number and made a mental note " Find
  out who the guardian angel is, and be careful when she is around."  
 Nick called in a favor from another Special Operations veteran who happened
  to be with the police department, and discovered that the Volvo belonged to
  one Katrina Lang. A little more research told him that Katrina Lang was a new
  reporter for the Bulletin. "Well, well, well our curious little angel is a
  reporter, and not bad a looking one either."  
 With his Special Operations training Nick had no trouble gaining access
  to Vicky's apartment complex. He positioned himself inconspicuously in the
  lobby and waited for Vicky to return from work.  
 Nick had nothing but time on his hands, so he knew he didn't need to rush
  things. He patiently waited each evening until he saw Vicky was alone getting
  on the elevator. He noted the floor she got off then left. The next day he
  would be waiting on her floor and discover which apartment was hers. It was
  a simple matter from there to find out Vicky's identity.  
 The very next day a box of one dozen white roses arrived at Vicky's apartment,
  with a note that read: "Dear Vicky, I have admired you since first seeing you
  at the Dauphin Restaurant on the night of your party. I'm sure your friend
  Katrina saw me, and she knows who I am. I would very much like to see you.
  If you are interested contact me at 952-0000. Your not so secret admirer, Nick
  Baker."  
 Vicky was on the phone in an instant, not to Nick but to Kat. A very distraught
  Vicky yelled into phones mouthpiece; "Kat, this is Vicky. I just received a
  dozen white roses from someone claiming to be my "not so secret admirer" and
  he says you know who he is. Why did you give him my address?"  
 Kat was confused, "Wait a minute, slow down, I don't know what you are talking
  about Vick. I haven't given your address out to anyone."  
 "But on his card he says that his name is Nick Baker, and that you know
  him."  
 He's the guy the police first suspected when Jill Mason turned up missing.
  But I've never actually met the guy."  
 "Then how does he know where I live, and why did he mention your name?"  
 "Gee Vick, I don't know. I did see him at Dauphin's the night of your party,
  and I noticed him watching us. But I have no idea how he got your address or
  how he even knows who I am. Listen Vick don't do anything, I'm coming right
  over."  
 It took Kat about ten minutes to get to Vicky's apartment. "Let me see the
  note."  
 Kat stood dumbfounded as she read the note. Then related all she knew. How
  she'd seen Nick Baker at the restaurant, that she had noticed him going out
  of his way to see where their party was seated. And she told her about spending
  the night parked outside her apartment after she thought she'd seen someone
  while dropping her off at the apartment. But she swore, "I've never met or
  spoken to the man, ever."  
 Kat then told Vicky everything that she had been able to dig up on Nick
  Baker. He had been in a Special Ops. unit in the Army, and had served in Desert
  Storm. After leaving the Army he went to work for the Bendix Corp. where he
  rose to the rank of Jr. V.P. until he had retired about a year and half ago.  
 At the time it was rumored that his retirement had to do with his resentment
  at being passed over for a promotion. A promotion, that made Jill Mason (the
  C.E.O.'S daughter) his immediate superior. As it turned out his retirement
  had coincided with his winning the State lottery to the tune of $775,000,000.00,
  and as he told the police he "didn't give a shit about Jill Mason any way."  
 The rumored resentment of Jill Mason had been at the core of the Police
  Departments investigation of Nick Baker when Jill had gone missing without
  a trace. But Jill's disappearance had been complete, there had been no signs
  of foul play and no ransom demands were ever made. Only a disgruntled father
  pointing an accusing finger at Nick Baker. But as other women began to disappear
  the assumed connection to Nick Baker seemed to fade even to the point that
  it seemed preposterous.  
 Kat then showed Vicky a picture she had brought of Nick, but to Kat's dismay
  a funny look came over her friend's face, Vicky's mind seemed to lose focus
  on Kat's dissertation when she saw Nick's photo and recalled the mention of
  that $775 million.  
 Vicky thought to herself "a good looking guy with $775 million to boot,
  what would be the harm in meeting this guy."  
 Kat tried to convince her friend to have nothing to do with Nick Baker,
  but she knew the expression on her friends face meant she was not getting through
  to her.  
 The arrival of another dozen white roses the next day convinced Vicky to
  take a chance. Nick and Vicky had their first date that night.  
 Kat, unable to talk her friend out of meeting with Nick, could not put her
  suspicions aside. She doggedly kept tabs on her friend and Nick, as she tried
  unsuccessfully to dig up something (anything) on Nick.  
 The courtship of Nick and Vicky included most of the usual rituals of dating,
  dinner, theater, movies and parties. An evening out usually ended up with Nick
  driving Vicky to his yacht, which he kept docked at the marina. The yacht was
  Nick's home, and he had spared no expense on it. It was truly a sea going mansion.  
 Nick had named his Yacht "Sch&ouml;n Und M&auml;dchen" (beauty and girl
  in German with an emphasis on the S&amp;M). The significance of which was lost
  on Vicky, but sparked suspicious curiosity in Kat.  
 Nick and Vicky would spend most of their nights together on the yacht. The
  yacht was not only Nick's home, it was his favorite toy, he had spent a great
  deal of time finding it, and a small fortune to refurbish it. He had provided
  it with all the comforts of home, including a crew of five to sail it.  
 To Kat's annoyance the loving couple felt right at home aboard the   "Sch&ouml;n
  Und M&auml;dchen".  
 Kat, frustrated at every turn while trying to dig up the goods on Nick Baker,
  had taken to following the fledgling couple. But once the couple reached Nick's
  yacht Kat had no choice but to give up her surveillance.  
 Then one night, when Kat had taken up a good position at a safe distance
  to keep watch. She was suddenly faced with an opportunity to get a better look
  at what went on at the yacht. She noticed all five crewmembers of the yacht
  leave for a night out on the town. She stealthily crept up the gangplank. Then
  worked her way around the deck until she found a porthole that allowed her
  to peer into the master suite.  
 Kat gasped as she saw her friend being forcibly handcuffed to the headboard
  of the bed. Panic-stricken, she made her way back to the dock, found a secluded
  corner, retrieved her cell phone and dialed 911. The police arrived within
  minutes and stormed the yacht, Kat followed closely behind.  
 The police burst into the master suite and found Vicky naked, handcuffed
  and spread-eagled to the bed. But she was laughing hysterically as Nick attacked
  her defenseless feet with a feather. The couples frolicsome mood quickly changed
  to irate indignation as the officers filed into the suite. Vicky's face turned
  an amazing shade of red that almost matched the color of her hair and yelled: "What
  the fuck, get the hell out of here, all of you."  
 As the police stood gaping at the ravishing, naked and handcuffed woman
  on the bed Nick grabbed a robe and started ushering them out of the cabin.
  When Kat burst in, she had expected to be hailed as a rescuing angel. Instead
  she was greeted by her friend's indignant and profane tirade.  
 "What the fuck, what are you doing here Kat? Have you been spying on us?
  You goddamned pervert. I can't believe this is happening." Then to the exiting
  police "If you fucking ass holes have seen enough, can you please leave and
  let me get dressed, god damn it."  
 Realizing that they were intruding upon a very intimate, though slightly
  kinky moment, between two consenting adults the police beat a hasty retreat,
  taking a protesting Kat with them.  
 Kat, who's face was now as red faced as her friend's, tried desperately
  to talk herself out of being charged with filing a false police report charge.  
 Nick's concerns about the situation were different from the irate Vicky
  or the embarrassed police and Kat. He thought, "That snoopy reporter is becoming
  a risk."  
 He had truly become attached to Vicky, and he thought she was progressing
  very nicely, and would soon be the willing sex slave he was conditioning her
  to become. Kat's little escapade could attract the very attention he thought
  he had successfully put to rest after the disappearance of Jill Mason.  
 Kat's credibility would surely take a severe blow, but her tenacity could
  still present real problems down the road. Nick decided, "I'll have to step
  up Vicky's training, and make arrangements to decommission her snoopy reporter
  friend Katrina.  
 Nick had discovered early on that Vicky was very receptive to suggestion.
  One night as she slept soundly after a night of frolicking in bed, Nick tried
  a little experiment. In a very mono toned voice he intoned, "Vicky you are
  sleeping now, and will continue to sleep, but you can hear my voice and you
  will listen and obey."  
 "I want you to listen carefully to my voice and obey, if you understand
  nod your head once." He watched expectantly, and then became ecstatic as Vicky's
  head slowly bobbed forward. "Good girl," now let's try putting you into an
  even deeper sleep. "I will count to ten, and as I do your right arm will become
  lighter and lighter, your arm will start to rise, and as it does you will fall
  deeper and deeper asleep."  
 On the count of ten Vicky lay flat on her back with her right arm sticking
  straight up in the air (as if in a "Sig hiel" salute). She was now in a very
  deep hypnotic sleep.  
 While slowly counting a sheepish grin grew on Nick's face as he watched
  Vicky's arm slowly rise. "Very good Vicky, he gently patted her head, your
  arm is feeling normal now, let it drop slowly to your side. Good girl Vicky
  (another pat on the head) you are an excellent subject. Now listen carefully,
  sometime after you awaken tomorrow I will snap my finger and say 'Vicky sleep',
  you will return to the exact state you are in now. If you understand nod your
  head."  
 Again the head slowly bobbed up and down, "Good girl", (another pat on the
  head, and Nick sat and smugly smiled as Vicky slept), "excellent, Vicky I will
  count to three and you will return to your natural sleep... ONE, TWO, THREE."  
 The next morning Nick could hardly contain himself, but he waited, though
  impatiently. Finally, after they'd had breakfast and moved to the entertainment
  room, he felt the time was right; he snapped his finger and mono toned "Vicky
  sleep" then eagerly watched, as Vicky's eyes slowly grew heavy and closed.
  The sheepish grin returned to his face, he knew exactly what he wanted to do
  with his new pet.  
 "Vicky you will listen to my voice, and only my voice. You want to obey
  my voice. As you listen to my voice you will suppress your own desires and
  submit your will to mine. I am  your master and your only
  desire will be to please your master, do you understand?" Nick repeated his
  instructions to Vicky several times before asking again, "Do you understand
  Vicky? If you understand respond, yes Master." Vicky obediently answered in
  her own monotone, "yes Master."  
 Nick couldn't believe how lucky he had become. Vicky had to be the most
  suggestible woman on the planet. Nick took every opportunity to reinforce his
  control over her, over and over and over again.  
 Before the intrusion of Kat and the police Nick had been bringing Vicky
  along slowly. After that night he stepped up the hypnotic sessions. Two weeks
  later Vicky was completely under his control. He was now able to put her into
  a trance any time he felt like it, and he felt like it often.  
 On November 2nd, after a night out on the town Nick and Vicky returned to
  the yacht. This time, however, the yacht weighed anchor and set sail for a
  private island Nick had purchased in Caribbean.  
 Kat stood on the dock, and as tears streamed steadily down her cheek, she
  helplessly watched as the yacht eased out of its slip. She had tried to patch
  things up with Vicky, but Vicky would not talk to her. She even tried to go
  through Nick, but that was a dead end as well, now she had mixed emotions,
  she was fearful of her best friends fate. But relieved that Nick was leaving,
  she had feared retaliation from him ever since the raid on the yacht. "At least
  now I'll be able to get a good nights sleep."  
 Ten days after Nick and Vicky had set sail for the Caribbean Kat returned
  to an empty apartment after a monotonous day at the office. Her plan was to
  shower, have a quiet meal then curl up with a good book.  
 While Kat stood under the shower with the water washing away the tensions
  of the day, she was oblivious to the shadowy figure who had crept to her front
  door and was now working away at its' lock with a lock pick.  
 The intruder had no problem opening the locks on Kat's apartment door.  
He entered the apartment setting his large bag down on the floor. The apartment
  was at first very quiet, but as he made his way in he could hear the shower
  running. He withdrew a small object from a pocket, took up a position outside
  the bathroom and waited for his victim.  
 Kat, completely unaware of the foreign presence in her apartment, completed
  her shower, toweled herself off, wrapped her hair in a plush terry cloth towel
  and herself in a plush terry cloth robe and headed for the kitchen.  
 The intruder was ready and waiting, as Kat walked unsuspectingly past him,
  he stealthily came up behind her. Suddenly, Kat felt a gloved hand covering
  her mouth; she panicked and struggled as best she could. Kat was preparing
  to deliver a painful blow to her attackers groin, when suddenly she felt a
  shock of current running through her body as the intruder quickly applied the
  object in his gloved right hand to Kat's neck and pressed the button.  
 Kat's eyes flew open, she tried to scream, but the hand that covered her
  mouth kept her voice muffled to a barely audible gurgle. The stun gun pressed
  against Kat's neck had sent a powerful shock threw her body and she jerked
  violently in her attacker's arms before passing out.  
 The intruder then went about preparing the unconscious Kat to be transported
  to her new life. He started by removing the terry cloth towel and robe from
  his lifeless victim laying her down on her stomach. He went to his bag and
  removed a hand held banding machine, which was normally used to apply large
  plastic bands to boxes and crates.  
 Drawing Kat's arms behind her back the intruder quickly had a band around
  her wrists and another pinning her elbows together. Next the machine was used
  to band Kat's legs, one band went around her left shin binding it to her thigh,
  then he repeated the process on her right leg banding her right shin to her
  thigh, but leaving her legs spread apart. The intruder flipped Kat over on
  her back with her arms under her, her legs drifting apart. With his victim
  securely bound on the floor, the intruder went to Kat's bathroom, found her
  hamper and grabbed the panties that had just recently been discarded. He forced
  open the lower jaw of the unconscious Kat and then stuffed the panties into
  her mouth; he secured them in place with several strips of duct tape he had
  removed from his bag.  
 The intruder retrieved several lengths of nylon rope from his bag, then
  grabbed Kat's ankles and crossed them forcing her knees far apart. He tied
  her ankles together then ran a long length of rope down through her crotch
  up her back and up over her left shoulder. He continued the rope down over
  her ankles again, another pass through her crotch, up her back and over her
  right shoulder. The nylon rope allowed the intruder to easily cinch the rope
  up tight forcing the unconscious Kat into a tight little ball. He played with
  her exposed twat for a while before arranging the rope on either side of her
  pussy lips trapping them in a tight little nylon pincher.  
 Kat's abductor prepared to remove Kat from the apartment; he removed a heavy
  military style canvas duffle bag from his kit. He positioned the helpless Kat
  at the open end of the bag, and then began to ease it up over her hips. Once
  she was about half way inside the bag the abductor lifted up on the sides of
  bag and Kat hit the floor with a thump as she settled to the bottom of the
  duffle bag. He closed the inside flap over Kat's head, arranged the eyelets
  of the bag over the slotted prong and locked the bag closed with a solid padlock.  
 He carefully gathered up all of his equipment, the gloves he wore made sure
  that no fingerprints would be left. He then tidied up the apartment making
  sure that nothing seemed to be disturbed. He even placed the discarded robe
  and towel in Kat's hamper. After double-checking to make sure every thing was
  in order he slung the duffle bag over his shoulder, picked up his gear. Then
  checking to make sure the hall was clear, he exited the apartment locking the
  door behind him.  
 He proceeded unobserved to the apartments garage, depositing his gear and
  his newly acquired prize in the back of his van.  
 The van moved through the city bouncing its cargo about as it went on its
  way. Kat came to, but soon realized oblivion was preferable to reality. She
  could see nothing, could not budge an inch and could only hear the muffled
  street sounds as the van worked its way to an abandoned warehouse along the
  docks. Her imagination ran rampant, and if truth were known what was actually
  in store for her was not too far removed from her fantasies.  
 Finally the abductor reached his destination. He pulled the van into the
  warehouse and locked the doors behind him. He opened the back of the van and
  slung the duffle bag over his shoulder once again. He deposited the duffle
  bag into an open crate located near the warehouse's waterfront exit.  
 A layer of foam packing peanuts covered the bottom of the crate. Kat's duffle
  bag landed atop the pile of foam peanuts with a thud. Fastened to one side
  of the crate were two oxygen canisters. The abductor then unlocked the duffle
  bag; he grabbed the bottom of the bag and pulled up. Kat plopped out of the
  bag and down on top of the foam, she landed on her back, arms under her and
  her knees crushed into her chest. Her eyes were wide open and panic stricken.  
 The abductor was amused as he watched his prize struggle in the crate. He
  leaned over the crate, reached in and yanked the tape from Kat's mouth. Kat
  let out a blood-curdling scream, muffled only by the panties still inside her
  mouth. He removed the panties then backed off, a huge grin on his face, and
  let Kat scream for all she was worth. He knew it was all to no avail, with
  the doors closed on the warehouse very little sound would escape. And it was
  unlikely anyone would be around to hear her screams anyway.  
 He finally tired of Kat's screaming and pleading; he approached the crate
  again with a syringe in his hand. He carefully injected the powerful sedative
  into Kat's neck and soon she was quiet once more. Then he made himself comfortable
  and waited for the boat to arrive.  
 At about 1:00 in the morning a fishing boat approached the dock outside
  the warehouse. The abductor now finished his work. He grabbed a breathing apparatus
  from the wall and hooked it up to the oxygen tanks, and then he forced it into
  the sleeping Kat's mouth. He secured it in place by wrapping several layers
  of duct tape around Kat's head. Then he adjusted the values on the oxygen tanks,
  made sure Kat was breathing okay, and then filled the crate with more of the
  foam packing peanuts covering the unconscious Kat.  
 The top of the crate was being nailed down as the crew of the fishing boat
  entered the warehouse. It took them no time to load the crate on board. And
  in less than an hour the fishing boat was back at sea carrying the abductor
  (former special operations Master Sergeant Sam Matthews and his precious cargo),
  on their way to a small private island in the Caribbean.  
End part one  
BAKER'S DOZEN Part 2  
 The fishing boat docked at the island two days later. Nick Baker and Vicky
  Greene stood on the dock as Sam Matthews supervised the unloading of the crate.  
 "Hi boss, I have a special delivery here for you."  
 Nick nodded, "see that it's delivered to the clinic Sam."  
 "What's in the crate Nick?" Vicky wanted to know.  
 "Oh just a little surprise from home."  
 "Oh how nice, when can I see?" Inquired Vicky.  
 "Soon, very soon. Now come along my pet." Nick gave a tug on Vicky's leash,
  and she heeled to his command. Dressed more for the boudoir than the docks,
  she wore a black and red brocaded corset, which pulled her waist into a compact
  19" and a shear black baby doll nightgown as she perched on a pair of 6" red
  mules. She took a quick peek over her shoulder at the crate, which still sat
  on the dock, before quickly falling in line behind her master.  
 Sam enlisted a few of his mates, who had gathered around the dock as the
  fishing boat had slipped in. They delivered the crate to the shipments receiving
  room of the clinic as Nick had directed. Sam grabbed a crowbar to pry open
  the top of the crate. "Pheeeeeuw, did our little pussy Kat have to use the
  litter box?"  
 He turned off the valve to the oxygen canisters, he checked the gauges, "looks
  like you only had about thirty more minutes of "O" left 'little pussy Kat',
  a good thing we didn't run into any bad weather." He shifted through the packing
  peanuts until he found the bound up Kat, extracted the breathing apparatus
  from her mouth, and then pulled her out of the crate like the prize from a
  Cracker Jack box. "Did 'little pussy Kat' enjoy her Caribbean cruise?"  
 Kat felt many things at the moment, but she did not feel like replying to
  this obnoxious and arrogant brute. She was numb from her extended restraint.
  She was hungry and thirsty because she hadn't had any nourishment in two days.
  She was feeling nauseous from having spent most of those two days confined
  with the stench of her own body waste. She felt irate at finding herself in
  this situation, but she felt absolutely no compulsion to answer this "jack
  ass". And, as weak as she was, she probably couldn't respond, as she would
  have liked to any way.  
 Sam prepared to release the pent up Kat, but first he fastened a dog collar
  around Kat's neck. To Kat it seemed, at first, like any other dog collar, but
  she was confused by what seemed to be some kind of little black box that was
  attached to it. Had her hunger and dehydration not caused her to be a little
  woozy, she probably would have immediately realized exactly what that little
  black box was. But Kat, still bound as she was, could offer no resistance and
  the collar was fastened easily.  
 Now Sam went about untying the ropes that held her prisoner. After the ropes
  had been untied he grabbed a pair of wire cutters and cut the plastic bands
  that bound her arms and legs. Sam allowed Kat to unfurl her limbs on her own,
  and then massaged them to get the circulation going again. When Kat's skin
  tone started to resemble its' normal color he stopped and ordered her to stand.  
 Kat made no effort to move. Sam grabbed her by the arm and forced her to
  stand. Kat tried to gain her balance on wobbly legs.  
 "Now 'little pussy Kat' it's time you learned your manners."  
 Kat was really getting annoyed at his insertion of "pussy" in front of her
  name every time he spoke to her and without thinking bust forth, "What the
  fuck do you know about manners, you fucking ass hole."  
 Sam said nothing, but removed a small remote control unit from his pocket
  and pressed a button.  
 Kat convulsed in pain as an electric shock shot through her body, then collapsed
  back onto the floor.  
 As Sam grabbed her by the arms and forced her to stand once again, he said: "I
  know a pretty 'little pussy Kat' with a master's degree in journalism shouldn't
  have to use that kind of language, we may have to do something about that."  
 Kat still wasn't thinking too clearly, but she had no problem remembering
  the pain caused by the collar, and she definitely recognized the tone in Sam's
  voice. She decided to be quiet and listen, for now.  
 "Little pussy Kat must be pretty smart to have earned a master's degree
  from Columbia, so there is no sense in reviewing how you got here. You are
  here now, and from here there is no return to the life you knew as Katrina
  Lang. You are now slave number 15, the property of your new master, and the
  sooner you accept that the better off you'll be."  
 Kat listened and seethed with anger at every word Sam spoke. "You fucking
  ass holes won't get away with this. I bet that prick Nick Baker is at the bottom
  of this. Well let me tell you I'm nobody's slave, and you're not going to fucking
  make me one."  
 Sam let her finish her tirade, then with a sly little grin on his face held
  the remote in front of the steaming Kat. Her eyes grew wide and tears streamed
  down her face as she realized what was about to happen, "Noooooooooo."  
 Having gained her attention Sam pressed the button, holding it longer than
  before. This time Kat did not just collapse she was rendered unconscious by
  the electrical jolt. Sam picked up her dead weight from the floor and carried
  her to the examination room.  
 When Kat regained consciousness she was strapped down on an examination
  table, with an I.V. in her arm and a throbbing in her head.  
 The I.V. had replenished much of Kat's strength. She tried to raise a hand
  to her aching head, but found her hand wouldn't budge. Next her instincts told
  her to rise from the table, but she quickly discovered that straps held her
  firmly in place.  
 Kat tried to sort things through in her mind, as she lay naked and strapped
  to the leather surface of the table. "The paper will have to do something when
  I don't show up for work, a reporter doesn't just disappear and then nothing
  happens. They'll be out looking for me. Won't they? But, how will they ever
  find me; I don't even know where I am. Oh, how in the hell will they be able
  to find me?"  
 Then she saw Sam standing over her with a huge grin on his face. She also
  saw another man standing beside Sam, a smiling Dr. Roger Dunn. Her anger took
  control, and Kat could feel her face flush with anger as these two jack asses
  stared down at her naked body strapped to the table, finally it became too
  much for her and she let go "Get the fuck away from me you fucking perverts."  
 The two grinning men stood and watched, theirs grins growing as they did.
  The expression on Kat's face was one of disbelief. Again she yelled, "Get the
  fuck away from me." The two men nodded at each other and Sam patted Dr. Dunn
  on the back, "good job Roger". He turned toward Kat and said: "I told you we'd
  have to do something about that mouth."  
 Kat's eyes grew wide, her forehead broke out in a sweat, she suddenly realized
  that what she had thought was the collar still around her neck was actually
  a bandage, and she opened her mouth and screamed "Noooooooooooo". But no sound
  came out; Dr. Dunn had performed a minor operation on Kat's vocal cords that
  had left her mute.  
 Satisfied that the operation had been a success Sam left the good doctor
  with his patient. The doc had a few minor procedures yet to perform on Kat.  
 Dr. Dunn had been a rather well known plastic surgeon in L. A., but a few
  (some what unprofessional) experimental procedures had gotten him in trouble
  with the A.M.A. It had cost him his medical license. Not that doc cared anymore,
  Nick had made him a full partner in this little operation and doc stood to
  make a lot more money now than he ever did nipping and tucking in L.A. And
  just as importantly to him, he was now free to experiment.  
 Nick had instructed the doc to provide Cat with "the symbols of her new
  slavery." So Roger went to work, he didn't bother to anathematize Kat. He kind
  of enjoyed the agony his subjects experienced as he did the piercing, and he
  knew that since Kat was incapable of speech, he wouldn't be bothered by any
  annoying pleading or screaming.  
 Kat struggled and strained against her bonds as she watched Dr. Dunn preparing
  an assortment of needles and rings on a tray beside the table. Kat's eyes flew
  open in panic as she watched him approach with a piercing needle in hand. Her
  brows furled, her jaw dropped open as she tried desperately to scream while
  Roger fondled her breast, but still no sound came forth.  
 Roger toyed with her right nipple until it became stiff and erect between
  his fingers. Then he carefully aligned the needle, and forced it through her
  nipple. Kat could feel the prick of the needle as it slowly began to pass through
  her sensitive tit.  
 Her roar as the needle passed through would have been thunderous, if she
  had been capable of making a sound.  
 Roger worked his way through a series of progressively larger needles until
  the opening in Kat's nipple was large enough to accept the heavy gauged gold
  ring intended to occupy it's new home. He repeated the procedure on the left
  nipple, eliciting the same responses from the terrified Kat.  
 The rings, once in place were permanently welded closed, Roger delighted
  in the suffering of his desperate victim. Apparently he had missed the "do
  no harm" part of the physician's oath.  
 Kat, tears streaming down her face, strained her head to see what had happened
  to her lovely tits, and was disgusted at what she saw. Two of the largest gold
  rings she had ever seen as body jewelry now rested atop her painfully aching
  breasts. Then she noticed Dr. Dunn was still holding a piercing needle, and
  she could feel that he was now playing with her cute little "outy" navel. This
  time as the needle pressed against her exposed navel and worked it's way through,
  the experience proved to be too much for her. Kat passed out, and though Roger
  was disappointed, he continued to work on his now unconscious subject. He had
  two more rings that needed to be in place before she would be ready to be displayed
  before her new master.  
End of Part 2  
(To be continued)  
BAKER'S DOZEN Part 3  
 When Kat came to, she found herself alone and in what appeared to be a jail
  cell. One cell in a row of identical jail cells, and across from her cell there
  seemed to be row of empty horse stalls with bales of hay and leather tackle
  hanging from on the sides of each stall. And like the stalls all of the other
  cells were empty.  
 She was free of her bonds for the first time since she had left her shower
  that terrible night. The collar with it's devilish little box was back in place
  around her neck, and she still had cuffs around her ankles and wrists, but
  for now she had freedom of movement, and for the moment she reveled in that
  freedom. Then her attention was painfully drawn to her aching nipples, navel
  and clitoris.  
 She examined the tender flesh that was now pierced with gold. The rings
  looked too big and felt too heavy, she knew she would never feel comfortable
  with them. When she examined the rings in her nipples she was horrified to
  find no opening, "am I going to be stuck with these gaudy things for the rest
  of my life?"  
 Kat sought to relieve the pain in her tender flesh, she tried rubbing her
  nipples to ease the pain, but as she rubbed her nipples they started to become
  erect. And as they stiffened the pain intensified. She abandoned her breast
  and moved down to her navel, but found that area so tender it hurt just to
  touch it. Finally she blindly found her way down to her cunt. After the experiences
  at her tits and navel, she was reluctant to view this her favorite part of
  her anatomy, so without looking she gently eased her hand down toward her cunt.  
 Her hand recoiled quickly when she discovered that her pubic hair had been
  shaved. She finally stared at her bare pussy; she hadn't seen it that bald
  since her early teens. She smiled for the first time since this unplanned vacation
  had started, she actually liked the bald look. Then she focused on the ring
  that now adorned her precious little clit and the smile disappeared, the ring
  was just as big and round as the other three but it also had a metal tag hanging
  from it. The tag was simply inscribed with the number 15.  
 Kat's hand recoiled even more quickly after contacting her clit, her little
  nubbin had always been extremely sensitive, but now it was on fire. Her touch,
  though, had brought the inflamed but dormant little bugger instantly to life,
  as it perked up, blood pulsing through it, her pain grew, becoming almost unbearable.
  But then, she discovered that along with the pain came a wetness she had not
  expected. She felt compelled to explore this new situation further.  
 She worked her fingers into her cunt, and was amazed to see that they were
  dripping wet when she withdrew them. She discovered that if she brushed over
  her clit the pain intensified, but then so did the growing sense of pleasure
  she was beginning to experience from her contrary little cunt. She continued
  to play with herself unaware that she now had an audience.  
 Sam watched the new slave getting herself excited, when it looked as though
  she was about to cum he made his presence known. "Well slut what have we here?
  Playing with yourself is not a privilege you have earned. " Sam laughed sardonically, "I
  see you've discovered your new name #15."  
 In a few more seconds Kat would have been lost in her own obsession, but
  Sam had caught her at just the right time. She froze, her hand lingering atop
  her hungry cunt. A good lip reader would have known exactly how displeased
  she was at being interrupted; but, of course, no sound escaped from #15's lips.
  She glared at him mouthing obscenities heard only in her mind, but clearly
  understood by the amused Sam.  
 Sam grabbed one wrist forcing it behind her back, and then he grabbed the
  other wrist and locked the two wrist cuffs securely behind her back. He attached
  a lead to her collar and gave a jerk. "Let's go 15 it's time to start your
  training, and the first thing you need to learn is: that pretty little pussy
  you have there is no longer your property. That tag identifies you as the property
  of your new owner and master, and only he has the right to determine how it
  will be used."  
 Kat tried to resist, but she quickly realized that her efforts were futile
  and grudgingly followed as Sam relentlessly tugged on her lead.  
 Sam led 15 out of her cell and past the stalls and cells all unoccupied
  at the moment. She was lead outside and paraded naked for all to see as Sam
  proceeded to the mercenaries' barracks.  
 Sam and his charge came upon Roger during their trek. Roger and Sam exchanged
  greetings, "Hi doc you did a wonderful job as usual, 15's rings look great
  on her."  
 Dr. Dunn stopped, admired his work for a moment, "yeah Sam, I think I did
  a pretty good job, if I do say so myself. What do you think 15?"  
 Number 15 could only glare at the obnoxious doctor, and then she continued
  to follow along after a sharp tug on the lead by Sam.  
 Sam led her into the barracks and then to a door marked Rec. Room, he turned
  the "open" sign on the door over to read "closed". Number 15 was then led through
  the door into the room.  
 In the middle of the room 15 saw a strange contraption made of iron bars
  and set on a small Plexiglas dais. Sam led her to the dais and forced her to
  climb up on it.  
 Number 15 stared at the three iron bars that made up the contraption. The
  main "L" shaped piece ran across two straight pieces before making a 90-degree
  bend straight up. At the top of the upright was a hinged heavy metal collar,
  and at each end of the straight pieces were four metal rings.  
 Sam placed her in position, "All right 15 get down on your hands and knees."  
 Number 15 wanted no parts of this unsavory contraption, her eyes widened
  as she desperately sought a way out, her brow furrowed and she desperately
  shook her head wanting to say "you're out of your mind, you're not putting
  me in that thing." She tried to turn and bolt for the door, but Sam jerked
  hard on the leash, 15 stopped in mid step, but still refused to get down on
  her hands and knees.  
 Sam reached into his pocket and pressed the button on the remote, as the
  electric current shot through her body 15 stood there convulsing, until too
  weak to stand, she collapsed to her knees.  
 Sam yanked steadily on the leash pulling the dazed number 15 into the contraption
  she so desperately wanted to avoid. Once in position Sam removed the collar
  from 15 then snapped the frames metal collar closed around her pretty little
  neck. With a heavy padlock he sealed number 15's fate. Sam worked quickly,
  and in no time had her wrist and ankle cuffs also locked to the frame. Number
  15 was now locked into the position that was to occupy for the next week of
  her life.  
 The frame had two adjustable features, first Sam adjusted the bar that connected
  number 15's ankle cuffs, forcing her legs as far apart as he could leaving
  her cunt and anus extremely exposed. Moving to the front of the frame he adjusted
  the collar bar until her head was at just the right height. He tightly cinched
  a leather belt around her waist then grabbed a piece of rope and knotted her
  hair into a ponytail. He pulled her head back and secured the rope to the belt,
  forcing her to hold her head upright.  
 Sam started setting up some video equipment as 15 slowly recovered from
  her most recent jolt of electricity. Video cameras were placed on all four
  sides, plus there was already a camera in place below the Plexiglas dais on
  which 15 and her metal frame rested. Each camera was mounted on a motorized
  base allowing it to pan from side to side and up and down.  
 The rec. room was fully equipped with all the modern nuances in recreational
  equipment. It had all of gadgets a well stocked rec. room should have: the
  latest video games, a pool table, a fussball table, a ping pong table, an entertainment
  system with DVD and surround sound, and a fully stocked wet bar. The video
  cameras would provide a live feed of all that was about to happen to poor 15.
  Sam decided to make a test run of the rec. rooms latest addition.  
 Sam then set up a folding table and arranged on it all sorts of paddles,
  whips, riding crops and taws along with a few miscellaneous items; from this
  latter group he chose a very large syringe. He filled the syringe with Vaseline
  then approached his unsuspecting victim from behind.  
 Number 15 felt two heavy coarse hands come to rest on her rump, suddenly
  the cobwebs cleared from her mind and fear became etched on her face. She jolted
  forward (as much as the contraption would allow) when she felt the sharp sting
  of a slap to her ass. With his palm print reddening on her ass, Sam positioned
  the syringe for entry into her anal passage.  
 Number 15 lurched forward again as she felt the cold metal tip of the syringe
  probe her anus. Sam then quickly jammed the syringe home and deposited its
  contents in 15's ass. He slowly removed the syringe and the Vaseline oozed
  slightly from 15's behind.  
 Sam refilled the syringe then repeated the process on her vagina. Then he
  positioned himself and the tip of his massive 10" X 3'" prick next to 15's
  virgin anal orifice. The tight little rose bud hole was reluctant to allow
  passage to Sam's huge organ. But, persistent pressure from Sam and the oily
  lubricant finally allowed his penetration to succeed.  
 Number 15's mouth flew open, air was forced from her lungs and she would
  have rendered another ear piercing scream if only she had been able. Instead,
  the panic stricken wide eyed victim just expelled a lot of hot air without
  making a sound. Sam allowed his member to rest in 15's rectum as he watched
  her desperate struggle to free herself from the frame and from the menacing
  invader of her rear end. Sam calmly reached into his shirt pocket for a Cohiba
  Churchill, bit off the end grabbed his lighter from his pants pocket and lit
  up as he waited for 15 to adjust to her new found lodger.  
 By the time the cigar had burnt down to the size of a Robusto the exhausted
  number 15 had resigned herself to her fate. Sam blew on the embers of the cigar
  making them glow, and then jammed the lit end into number 15's left ass cheek,
  once again 15 jerked to life as the cigar singed her flesh. It was a short
  outburst, however, the poor girl had already expended most of her energy and
  Sam hadn't left the cigar there long enough to leave a permanent mark.  
 Sam now began to withdraw his still rock hard cock from her ass, just as
  she felt it about to clear the opening he rammed it home again. He continued
  this process slowly extracting then ramming it back home with as much force
  as he could muster. Gradually his pace quickened as he developed a rhythm,
  and to her dismay number 15 started to experience something as well. She could
  not believe her own body would do this to her, but she was unmistakably getting
  excited, she could feel her cum juice starting to slowly drip down her inner
  thigh, as inside her head she exploded "no, no, no, no, noooooooooo..." Sam
  smugly smiled as he continued to plunge repeatedly into her ass.  
 With Sam's cum oozing from her ass hole 15 began to relax only to find Sam
  was not yet finished. Sam required only a few minutes to recover and resume
  his assault. This time 15's cunt was the target of his attention.  
 The contraption assured that 15 had no choice but to submit to this new
  assault on her body and her dignity. What disturbed 15 was, that as the massive
  rod rubbed against her ringed clit, she could feel her own juices begin flowing
  once again.  
 "Number 15 I'm shocked, you're really enjoying yourself. Aren't you, my
  little pussy Kat?"  
 Poor 15, betrayed by her own body, could not respond not even in her own
  mind.  
 In no time at all 15 had Sam's cum oozing from both her ass and her cunt.
  Sam walked around to face 15.  
 Hoping against hope that she was about to be released by her tormentor 15
  stared pleadingly into Sam's eyes, mentally begging to be released.  
 Sam, however, had one more little hole he wanted to initiate. As his right
  hand moved up and down his shaft making it hard once again, his left hand started
  working it's way around 15's mouth.  
 Number 15 determined that this was one hole Sam was not about to fill with
  that monster cock of his, clamped her jaw firmly shut.  
 Sam (now ready for a "short arms inspection") was prepared for this little
  set back. He tightly pinched 15's nostrils shut. Finally forced to gasp for
  air 15's mouth shot open. Sam with a ring gag at the ready he forced the large
  metal ring between her teeth, then cinched it tightly behind her head.  
 Sam easily slid his 10" rod through the ring to the back of #15's mouth.
  This caused her to gag, which in turn placed her tongue in motion trying to
  expel this unwelcome intruder residing inside her mouth. Sam moved his hips
  slowly at first, but was soon banging away in her face as hard as he had in
  her other two orifices. Number 15 soon had Sam's cum dripping from all three
  of her holes.  
 Number 15 optimistically expected that she was about to be released, but
  again she was dead wrong.  
 Sam returned to the table and picked up a ping-pong paddle. He applied twenty
  whacks to each her steadily reddening ass cheeks, taking special aim at the
  ring shaped burn mark on her left cheek. He then replaced the paddle on the
  table and proceeded toward the door. He turned the sign on the door from "closed" to "open" and
  left 15 to contemplate what might come next.  
 Word quickly spread through the barracks that there was a new piece of equipment
  in the Rec. Room. Number 15 was soon the most popular attraction in the rec.
  room. She soon discovered that her three openings had become the barracks favorite
  plaything. Those that did not leave their sperm dripping from one hole or another
  left their mark in other ways, availing themselves of the assortment of whips,
  paddles and taws.  
 Number 15 found the unwanted attention to be relentless. Finally, Sam returned.
  What had seemed an eternity to 15 was in reality twelve hours. Once again,
  she allowed herself the optimistic belief that her release was at hand, and
  once again she would be disappointed.  
 Sam had run a hose from the wet bar's sink and was now inserting the nozzle
  in 15's anus. After a couple of quick blasts most of the cum (crusting around
  her anus) was expelled. The nozzle of the hose was then replaced by the plastic
  nozzle of an enema bag filled with two quarts of warm sudsy water waiting to
  be unleashed on her poor abused ass.  
 Sam released the clamp on enema bag and let gravity do it's work. Then he
  used the water hose to douche 15's cunt. With her cunt douched, he returned
  to enema bag and forced the remaining water from it up into her rectum before
  forcing a plug into her anal cavity.  
 He moved around to her front and flushed the stale cum from 15's mouth,
  then he carefully forced a feeding tube down her throat, and supplied her with
  some liquid nourishment.  
 When the feeding was over he took a clever device that fastened around 15's
  waist and held a plastic bag tightly against her rear. He carefully worked
  the plug free from her ass. It dropped into the bag followed closely by the
  gushing liquid that had filled her bowels.  
 Having fed and cleaned 15's insides he used the hose to shower her down.
  As he sprayed the water over her body he carefully massaged her aching muscles
  reviving the circulation back through her system.  
 Sam finished his chores gave 15 a resounding whack on the rear then reopened
  the Rec. Room.  
 Number 15 could not keep track of time, her mind drifted in and out of consciousness,
  but true sleep was elusive. The constant assaults on her body kept her awake
  if not lucid. She grew to look forward to the little breaks when Sam would
  come in and perform his chores. Even then, she could not sleep.  
 Forced to stare fixedly straight ahead, she could only she see what went
  on right in front of her. During a short stretch when she was confident she
  was coherent she observed something very strange.  
 One of the men was playing with a toy. At least that's what she thought
  at first. The man held a remote control with joystick controls (the type used
  to control little radio-controlled racing cars, airplanes or boats). But the
  strange part was that he was controlling what seemed to be a life size female
  robot.  
 The man worked the robot back and forth in front of 15, bringing it closer
  and closer. When the robot was within a few feet of 15 her eyes grew wide in
  disbelief. She recognized the face of this supposed robot, but she couldn't
  think of a name to go with the face.  
 Then unbelievingly, she noticed the robot's body bore the same four golden
  rings that her own body now suffered. Number 15 noticed one other detail: that
  the robot's clit ring also had a tag just like hers, and on the tag was the
  number 2. Number 15 despaired, "is this what is ultimately to become of me.
  Am I going to trapped in this infernal contraption for ever, or worse yet,
  am I to become some mindless automaton controlled by a disgusting man with
  a control box."  
 When Sam finally came in and released 15 from her confinement on the dais
  her ordeal had lasted an entire week, with only short respites as Sam performed
  his chores. By weeks end the bleary eyed 15 had only one thing on her mind.
  She no longer thought about being rescued, or spending eternity locked on the
  dais, or becoming a robot like #2, she now only thought of sleep.  
 She had endured countless intrusions into her private parts, but had become
  almost oblivious to these constant assaults. Indeed, if she was still becoming
  aroused by these sexual assaults (as she had at the start), she was no longer
  cognizant of the fact. A good swift stroke with a paddle or whip could still
  provoke a wide-eyed expression of shock on 15's face, but little else seemed
  to affect her.  
 Once released from the metal contraption that had held 15 prisoner throughout
  her ordeal Sam quickly fastened a new collar around her neck (a simple choke
  collar, the electric box was no longer considered necessary) attached a leash
  and led her from the dais.  
 Number 15 wanted to just collapse and go to sleep, but the persistent tugs
  of her handler forcing the collar to constrict about her neck prodded her forward.
  She did not even attempt to rise; she just crawled forward as best she could.  
 Sam led her to a large wire dog kennel. Kat Lang would have bolted instantly,
  but 15 meekly crawled inside.  
 Locked inside a cage 15 at long last collapsed in total exhaustion and fell
  asleep.  
End of Part 3  
BAKER'S DOZEN Part 4  
 Number 15 did not know how long she had been asleep; she knew only that
  she was still in the cage when she awoke. She quickly discovered that the restrictions
  of the cage prevented her from stretching out as she desired, and that the
  best she could do was to get up on all fours. Next she felt a very uncomfortable
  feeling in her bladder. At first she panicked, but soon realized the floor
  of the wire cage was elevated and that a pan resided beneath its wire floor
  to receive any liquid waste she may produce. So without another thought she
  relaxed and allowed her bladder to be relieved.  
 "Very good 15, I see that you are adapting quite well to your new position
  in life."  
 Number 15 recognized the voice and tried turn to see its owner. She looked
  over her shoulder and could see no one. She then tried to turn herself around.
  Finally, awkwardly she succeeded, only to find that she was staring into a
  man's crotch. Craning her neck to look up she saw the face of Nick Baker staring
  down at her.  
 A curious smile grew on 15's face, "I was  right all
  along." Satisfaction and retribution, however, soon faded as her smile evaporated
  into a sullen frown of despair as the reality of being naked, ringed and caged
  in the presence of this man, whom she detested, returned to the forlorn 15.  
 "I can tell by the expression that just passed from your face that you must
  have a ton of questions you'd like answered. But then asking  a
  question is no longer a possibility for you is it? But, if you prove to be
  a good little slave your curiosity may eventually be sated."  
 Number 15 had no choice, she could not respond, so she just listened as
  Nick had his fun at her expense.  
 "Since my men rated your performance in the rec. room so well I will provide
  you with an answer or two right now."  
 "First, I want you to know that you have your good friend Vicky to thank
  for the situation you find yourself in. At first I thought you were a threat,
  but then I became quite sure you had dug yourself into a neat little hole with
  the authorities, and that you would never be able to prove any of your suspicions.
  But after arriving here on the island, Vicky became quite adamant that you
  be punished for your little intrusion along with the police into our love nest
  that night on the yacht."  
 "In fact, I am sure it will please you to know that you shall soon be reunited
  with the new Mrs. Baker. Vicky has been very impatient to see you since your
  arrival and has asked that you be our new serving wench. This, for your information,
  is also why you no longer enjoy the capacity of speech. You see 15, we on the
  island firmly believe that servants should be seen and not heard, a sort of silent
  butler  policy  if you will."  
 Number 15 digested this news about her friend with a growing sense of betrayal.  
 "As our serving wench it will be your responsibility to provide your master
  and mistress with whatever  services we may require (some
  of which I understand from the reports that you are already quite accomplished
  at)."  
 "By the way, you will also be scheduled for a regular appearance in the
  rec. room, as are all of the island's serving wenches. But, as our personal
  serving wench this will be required of you only one night a month."  
 'However, if you are not a good little slave your duties in the rec. room
  may become extended beyond that usual one night. And, in fact, if you are a really  bad
  little slave you may wind up just like #2, whom I believe you met during your
  recent stay there."  
 Nick unlocked the cage door, the door lifted straight up and he used the
  padlock to secure the door in its open position. He attached a leash to her
  collar and tugged gently on it. As 15 felt to collar constrict about her neck
  she grudgingly crawled out of her cage.  
 "Good girl 15, you'll find that obedience can be much more rewarding here
  than obstinacy, now stand up and we'll prepare you to meet your mistress." Nick
  removed the choker collar from her neck and replaced it with a wide red leather
  posture collar. Sam and another man that she remembered from the rec. room
  came up from behind her, and the two men set to stringing a set of gold chains
  about her.  
 As the two men went about their work 15 finally took notice of where she
  was. She was back in the cellblock area she had visited so briefly after her
  encounter with Dr. Dunn. Her little cage was out in the open area between the
  row of jail cells on her right and the row of stable stalls on her left. She
  also noticed that other naked women now occupied the cells that were numbered
  from 12 to number 24, and all of the women were as silent and ringed as she
  was.  
 The stalls opposite the cellblock were also occupied and numbered from 1
  to 10. In the first four stalls were four very lovely naked woman, only these
  women made sounds just like the horses that should have been in the stalls,
  and as several men groomed them they would stomp their feet and paw the ground
  like a frisky horse being readied for a race. Each woman had a tail spouting
  from her rump and, most unbelievably, the four women were actually two sets
  of identical twins.  
 With this last revelation 15 realized who the four women were, and just
  as suddenly she remembered who #2 was, she'd recognized the face but could
  not attach a name, now she knew. It was Diana Aston the District Attorney who
  had first pressed for the investigation of Nick Baker. Suddenly all of the
  names came flooding into her head as she started matching names to the faces
  she saw about her.  
 The fifth stall was also occupied by an equine like woman, but 15 could
  not get a good look at its occupant. She noted that while the occupants of
  the first four stalls seemed to be proud and noble beasts the occupant of this
  stall cowered shamefully in a corner. This occupant seemed to be very large
  and muscular unlike the lithe beauties that occupied the neighboring stalls.  
 Next to the horses there were two stalls occupied by women on all fours
  that all seemed to moo contentedly as they fed on the grain placed before them.
  And as they fed, machines attached to their burgeoning breasts worked constantly
  to extract the precious contents from their satiated utters. The last three
  stalls were unoccupied.  
 When the two men had finished their work on 15 she had a network of chains
  dangling from her body. The chains passed through each of her four gold rings
  and through each of the "D" rings of her cuffs on her wrists and ankles and
  finally to her collar. The devilish chains ingeniously linked all of her limbs
  so that she could not move one limb without effecting the movement of another.
  As a final touch a red leather waist cincher trimmed in black that matched
  her collar was slid between the chains and 15's flesh, then drawn tightly reducing
  her 23" waistline to a mere 17".  
 The combined effect of the waist cincher and the posture collar gave her
  the appearance of standing at attention on a parade ground. Except that the
  network of chains had forced her to hold her arms bent in front of her, as
  if she were holding a serving tray.  
 "Okay 15 let's go and meet your mistress." With that Nick picked up the
  leash and lead her out of the cellblock.  
 Once outside they came to the kennel that was built out from the end of
  the building, in it were two handsome male German Shepherds. As Nick approached
  the two muscular dogs greeted their master and Nick stopped to heap some affection
  on his two pets. Then 15 noticed that with the two dogs there were two women
  in the kennel. And they too responded just as the dogs had, they romped over
  on all fours barking and seeking the affection of their master. Number 15 had
  mentally identified two more of the missing women she had been investigating.  
 "Come along 15, your mistress awaits."  
 As they proceeded to the yacht Nick talked on: "I did promise to provide
  the answer to some of the questions you would undoubtedly like to ask. So allow
  me to start by confirming what must already be obvious to you. All of the missing
  women you had been investigating are indeed here on the island with us."  
 "That winning lottery ticket has allowed me to make a reality of some fantastic
  ideas that had been tossed about in conversations with my old buddies from
  Special Ops. So, as soon as the State paid off I contacted some of my old buds,
  I purchased this island and we set up a base of operations here. I then purchased
  the "Sch&ouml;n Und M&auml;dchen" and returned to the states."  
 "I must confess that I am a bit embarrassed to admit that our first two
  prizes were selected entirely for personal reasons. Jill Mason did not deserve
  to be promoted over me, and she would not have been if her old man weren't
  the C.E.O. of the company. But #1 will never again be over  any
  one. And that nosey D.A., Diana Aston, has put her last man behind bars. Unfortunately
  #2 was one of Dr. Dunn's first experiments here, and I'm afraid it was one
  of his few failures."  
 "He implanted a series of computer chips into her brain, intending only
  to gain control over a very obstinate and self-righteous woman. But an infection
  developed during the operation and it completely destroyed her brain. The doctor
  was able to replace most of the damaged brain with the workings of a small
  lap top computer. The result is that the computer is able to provide the electrical
  impulses needed to keep her alive, but since she is essentially brain dead
  her body only responds to the electrical impulses that we can create."  
 "Poor #2, the men seem to enjoy parading her around on occasion but she
  is of little use for anything else."  
 "Well 15 that's enough education for one day. We need to add one more item
  to your uniform before you meet your mistress." He lead her up the gangplank
  onto the yacht then stopped in a small room just out side the stateroom.  
 Nick had 15 sit on a small bench in the room then left the room without
  saying a word.  
 Number 15, being unattended, immediately thought of escape, then just as
  quickly realized the futility of such thoughts.  
 Nick returned a few minutes later. "Here we go 15, once we get these on
  you we can go see your old friend Vicky."  
 He produced a pair of shoes that looked nothing like anything 15 had ever
  seen before. They were black paten leather ballet slippers with black lacing
  that ran across the top and around the ankle. The toes were flat and padded
  and a nine-inch stiletto heel provided the only appearance of support.  
 Number 15 immediately thought "He doesn't' really expect me to wear those
  things?"  
 Unfortunately for 15 he did. As Nick secured the curious footwear to 15,
  she thought "and now I'm supposed to walk around in these things?"  
 As both inquiries proved to be redundant 15 silently teetered on her new
  footwear as Nick lead her into the stateroom.  
 Vicky sat at a dressing table fussing with her hair as Nick drew the wobbly
  15 near. Seeing them approach in her mirror Vicky turned and sneered. "Nicky,
  what do you have there? Is this the present you've been promising me?"  
 "My dear, don't you recognize our little friend who so kindly invited the
  police into our boudoir?"  
 "Ah Nicky, you're right, (Vicky stood up and examined the chained girl that
  stood before her) it is Kat, my best friend. But, she doesn't really resemble
  that friend I remember. You know, that one that couldn't keep her nose out
  of our business. I must say though this is a look that really becomes her"  
 Vicky stood glaring into the eyes of 15, then reached between 15's legs
  grabbing the metal tag that hung from her clit. Vicky pulled the tag up hard
  and examined it. The pain spread across 15's face, her eyes widened as a soundless
  scream escaped her open mouth.  
 "So 15 I think I'm going to enjoy our new serving wench."  
 Nick stood by watching the scene unfold. He smiled inwardly as he thought
  to himself; Vicky has really come a long way from that naive and impressionable
  young red head I had first met.  
 "Vicky I've got business to take care of, I'll let you two get reacquainted."  
 Vicky watched her husband leave the room, then dropped the tag she still
  held captive in her hand, returned to her dressing table and broke down into
  tears.  
 Number 15 was confused, unable to speak and unwilling to move she stood
  like a statue waiting for Vicky to take control of her.  
 Vicky came over to the statuesque 15 "Oh Kat, Kat look at what they have
  done to you. I'm so sorry. I couldn't help myself. When we arrived on this
  god-forsaken island I finally realized you had been right all along. I needed
  help, I panicked and you were the only one I could think of."  
 Number 15 stood there unmoving and unmoved. "What is this some kind of test?
  Am I supposed to get down on my knees and thank her for what's happened to
  me?"  
 Vicky looked at the motionless 15, "Oh Kat, I guess I can't blame you if
  you won't believe me, or can't forgive me. I was desperate, and you were my
  only hope of getting out of here. I won't lie to you Kat I was mad at you back
  when you burst in on us, but I was having fun, I like being tied up and was
  having fun playing along with Nick's silly Hypnosis thing. But, then we got
  down here and I realized it wasn't a game and that Nick played for keeps."  
 Nick, in the mean time, sat a console full of monitors watching and listening
  to the whole scene, "So my little bride has been playing games of her own."  
 As Vicky spilled her guts, her former best friend stood frozen in place.
  Number 15 did not know what she could do or even what she was supposed to do.
  She was incapable of speech; and, bound as she was, she wasn't able to do much
  if anything. In fact, she was having trouble just staying upright in those
  ridiculous shoes Nick forced her to wear.  
 Nick was transfixed to monitor as he continued to view the situation going
  on in the stateroom. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. But as he sat
  there a sardonic grin began to materialize as he thought of a solution to this
  unexpected problem.  
 "Mr. Moto arrives next week to take delivery of his merchandise, I'll simply
  have to make his dozen items into a Baker's Dozen.   I'm
  sure he won't mind."  
End of Part 4  
Part 5  
 As Nick returned to the stateroom he called out to a phantom Sam, "That's
  fine Sam I'll take care of it". He would allow the charade to continue for
  a little while yet.  
 Upon hearing Nick out side the door Vicky quickly pulled herself together
  and forced #15 to kneel in front of her.  
 Number 15, befuddled by Vicky's implausible story did not know whether to
  believe her and play along or somehow expose her friend. She finally decided
  that her only chance to escape this evil place was to take a chance on her
  friend and play along. She was quite sure that Nick would not be her salvation.  
 "I see you have our little serving wench in a proper position, how are you
  two getting along?"  
 "Just fine Nick, but I think 15 here needs a little more training."  
 "Not a problem, I'll have Sam spend some time with her."  
 Number 15 suddenly regretted her decision to play along (not that she really
  had a choice).  
 Sam arrived within minutes of Nick's call. He quickly grabbed up 15's lead,
  and lead poor 15 back to the rec. room.  
 Nick now alone with Vicky in the room; "Vicky I just saw something interesting
  on the TV, let me show you."  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
Number 15 was exhausted, and as she wobbled unsteadily
  on her footwear she wished she could beg Sam to allow her to crawl on all fours.
  She had just completed another sleepless 48 hours of punishment and abuse at
  the hands of Sam and his friends in the Rec. Room and was now being lead back
  to the yacht.  
Once aboard the yacht 15 was lead quickly to Nick
  and Vicky's stateroom. She was not surprised to see the cage in the corner
  of the room, and when she was lead to it she gladly dropped to her knees. With
  only one thought on her mind she willingly crawled inside, "sleep at last."  
Number 15 awoke the next morning with an urgent
  need to relieve her very full bladder. While squatting to relieve herself she
  noticed another cage beside her own. A naked woman lay on her side with her
  back to 15, but that red hair looked familiar.  
Number 15 stared at the occupant in the next cage
  for what seemed like hours. When the other woman finally stirred 15 's jaw
  dropped and her eyes nearly popped out of her head. Number 15 now knew that
  she would never leave this horrible place alive, because the woman in the next
  cage was Vicky.  
Her friend (and last hope) had been transformed.
  Her lovely red hair had been styled to look like the floppy ears of a Cocker
  Spaniel; her hands were encased in little leather sacks that kept her hands
  clenched into little fists. And the most shocking thing of all was the familiar
  bandage now in place around her friend's neck. And when her friend opened her
  mouth to speak, she was only able to utter weak little barking sounds just
  like the dog she now resembled.  
Nick had been watching the little scene from the
  bed and now approached the two cages. "Well are you two getting reacquainted?"  
Vicky angrily, but weakly, yipped at Nick.  
Nick laughed, "Calm down little one, you brought
  this on yourself with that plot you tried to hatch with poor 15 here. You're
  still master's favorite little pet, but now you are going to look and act like
  the cute little bitch you are. Surely you didn't think you would go unpunished.
  But then 15 will bear the brunt of your punishment."  
Vicky simpered and sobbed in her cage. Number 15
  pondered, "how is it possible for things to get any worse." Number 15 would
  not discover the answer to that query until Mr. Moto's arrival the next day.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Mr. Moto arrives.   
   
 The island did not have many visitors,
    so the arrival of another yacht the rival of the  "Sch&ouml;n Und
    M&auml;dchen" was somewhat of an event. When Mr. Moto's yacht the "Les Dolcett" flying
    a Japanese flag docked in the slit next to the "Sch&ouml;n Und M&auml;dchen" nearly
    every inhabitant of the island was on hand.  
 Nick was the first to greet the visiting billionaire and his entourage.
  Nick hoped that he'd be doing a great deal of business with Mr. Moto and his
  associates.  
Nick had met Mr. Moto once on a business trip (quite
  different business). Mr. Moto was the first potential client Nick had contacted,
  and he was anxious that this first transaction would lead to many more. He
  also aspired to the notion, that Mr. Moto would be inclined to introduce some
  of his associates to him. The main interest of Mr. Moto and his many associates
  being the procurement of beautiful young women for their peculiar pleasures.  
Indeed the reason for Mr. Moto's visit to the island
  was the collection of the consignment he had arranged with Nick.  
Nick had prepared an ostentatious reception for
  his premier customer. The champagne flowed like water and he served a meal
  fit for a king. The eleven serving wenches (including 15) were kept busy day
  and night, and they served in every way imaginable.  
After a day and night of revelry it was time to
  get down to business. Nick prepared his handlers and had his merchandise prepared
  for display.  
By late afternoon all was in readiness. Mr. Moto
  was escorted to the slave quarters and the show began.  
Mr. Moto had made several specific requests when
  he placed the order he had placed with Nick for twelve items. This was partially
  because he had some specific needs but also as a test of Nick's ability to
  procure and train the merchandise. He had required one workhorse, four racing
  ponies, two dairy cows and two bitches with the balance of the order being
  left up to Nick.  
Everyone on the island was in attendance as Nick
  stood with Mr. Moto on his right, Vicky leashed and obediently sitting (doggy
  style) on his left and 15 standing behind these three with Dr. Dunn ready to
  serve as needed.  
Sam the, official presenter, awaited the first
  item for display. One of the handlers led a very muscular equine-like woman
  out, Sam took the reins and led her over for Mr. Moto to inspect.  
The bridled and bitted mare seemed nervous and
  jittery. She wore a heavy draft harness and was shod in heavy clumsy looking
  boots. Her physique was almost masculine in nature but it was still obvious
  that she was indeed female.  
On the ID tag that adorned the ring in her clit
  was the number one. Number 15 seeing the girls face for first time and the
  #1 on her tag immediately realized this must Nick's first victim Jill Mason.
  She remembered Jill as being not unattractive but maybe a little homely, but
  now she was almost repulsive thanks to Dr. Dunn and a steady regimen of steroids
  since her arrival.  
Mr. Moto made his personal inspection of this beast.
  He inspected her thoroughly, checking the firmness of the body, he checked
  for size and elasticity, and he prodded and probed delving into every crevice
  and orifice the poor creature possessed. Mr. Moto was nothing if not thorough.  
Upon completing his inspection (and he would be
  just as thorough with each and every item presented to him) he informed Nick: " quite
  pleased, this one should make excellent draft horse for miners of Moria silver
  mines."  
Number 1 was led away and the next item was brought
  forth.  
Mr. Moto, a particularly stern individual who rarely
  smiled, smiled slightly as Sam took the reigns of a matched set of dark haired
  and dark eyed Asian beauties and led them up to Mr. Moto. But then as Mr. Moto
  stood admiring these identical twin ponies Sam brought up another matched set
  but these had blonde hair and deep blue eyes and were of Nordic origin, the
  little despot beamed.  
Mr. Moto had read the headlines when the four members
  of a college track team had gone missing. It had made headlines because the
  four women were two sets of identical twins and were all members of the same
  relay team on the track squad. He never thought he would be meeting the four
  women today.  
Dr. Dunn had done a wonderful job on these four,
  as Mr. Moto discovered upon inspection. The four beauties had major alteration
  done to present an equine appearance. The arch of their feet had been altered
  so that they could not stand flat-footed; they were forced to balance permanently
  on the balls of their feet. As sprinters, used to running on the balls of their
  feet, they were able to adjust to this more easily than the average person.  
The small scar on each throat told him that the
  winnowing sounds they made were the only speech they were capable of. And when
  he inspected the tails, which he had assumed were attached to plugs inserted
  in the anus, he discovered that they were actually growing from their backsides.
  Dr. Dunn had grafted real tails to their coccyx bones. The arms, folded up
  and secured tightly between their shoulder blades showed evidence of atrophy
  since they settled unnaturally flat against the back.  
The four ponies were decked out in the finest livery
  of silver and leather, and their demeanor indicated that they were spirited
  but obedient animals, a tribute to the training they had received.  
Mr. Moto was so elated with the four ponies Nick
  was tempted to try to bump up the price, but decided he would be better served
  by letting Mr. Moto spread the word to his associates.  
Nick whispered into Mr. Moto's ear "tonight's entertainment
  will feature the ponies in some races, would you like to drive on of the teams?" To
  which Mr. Moto politely bowed and responded, "would be my pleasure."  
Next Sam brought out two bounding bitches on their
  leashes. They were frisky as pups, but when he snapped their leashes and commanded, "SIT" they
  immediately sat one to each side (just as Vicky now sat by her master).  
Dr. Dunn's handy work was again evident. The two
  former traffic cops, who had the misfortune of pulling Sam over on a speeding
  violation, were now incapable of standing erect and their speech was limited
  to the dog like sounds they now achieved and like the ponies they now sported
  bushy tails that had been surgically grafted to their coccyx.  
Nick signaled one of the handlers' to bring out
  the two German Shepard watchdogs. Mr. Moto was then treated to the site of
  the two bitches mating with their mates.  
The two cows, an uppity socialite that had offended
  Nick's sense of justice after getting away a with a hit and run accident that
  cost a young child's' life and the cutest cheerleader on the college pep squad,
  where brought forth next. Like the dogs they were incapable standing erect
  and their vocal ability was now limited to the occasional moooooo.  
The Doc had them on a special hormonal diet that
  had created their very prominent utters and resulted in an amazing production
  of milk.  
Mr. Moto was very pleased, "you have met required
  part of the contract very admirably."  
Nick had Sam parade the remaining stock of twelve
  slaves from their cells before Mr. Moto and from those he selected the three
  that would make up the balance of his order for a dozen.  
The only females on the island not presented to
  Mr. Moto for inspection were Vickie and 15. Number 15 wondered about this,
  she knew that Vicky was Nick's wife and he intended to keep her, but she had
  gotten the impression that she would be part of Mr. Moto's consignment. "Was
  this good news or bad, was it an oversight?" Number 15 did not know, but she
  was about to find out.  
That night Nick entertained Mr. Moto and his entourage
  with the promised races and another gala feast. The following morning Mr. Moto
  was overseeing his handler's gather up his recent purchases and having his
  cargo of human flesh loaded onto the "Les Dolcett" for their departure. Prior
  to loading each item was branded with Mr. Moto's personal brand the Japanese
  Characters that represented his name. In addition each item received another
  smaller brand, these were little initials that indicated the type of slave
  they were (for example, the four ponies received a p.r. for pony racing, and
  the cows had c.d. for cow dairy).  
As the loading of the livestock proceeded, Nick
  approached Mr. Moto, "as my first costumer I would like to show my appreciation
  and give you a little gift. I am going to make your order a true "Baker's Dozen",
  he signaled and Sam brought 15 along on a leash her only bondage being her
  arms in a single sleeve and a tightly drawn chain that connect the ring at
  the end of the sleeve to ring in her clit.  
Mr. Moto had wondered why this one was not shown
  to him yesterday, but suspected that she must be Nick's personal property like
  the lovely bitch that sat so nicely now at his feet.  
Mr. Moto inspected 15 as he had done all the others. "Nick
  san, are you sure you wish to make this gift? I assumed she was your personal
  property."  
"More like my wife's personal property. But as
  you can see my wife no longer needs property. Isn't that right Vicky?"  
Vicky yipped in response to a sharp tug at her
  leash, then meekly barked in response to the question.  
Mr. Moto suddenly understood, "ah, this is a lesson
  Nick san." He then inspected 15 again even more thoroughly. "I know just what
  to do with her, may I prevail upon your good Dr. Dunn?"  
Number 15, now filled with renewed trepidation
  was lead away by Sam. "Why to Dr. Dunn? Hasn't he done enough to me?"  
Because of the work on 15 Mr. Moto delayed his
  departure another day  
The next morning Nick and Mr. Moto examined 15
  at the clinic. Dr. Dunn said, "everything went well, she'll be a bit sore but
  she is ambulatory and should heal nicely on your voyage home. Just have your
  ship's doctor keep watch on her for infection.  
Nick looked at 15 and smiled and thought, "Well
  Kat you are really not going to like this." Then said, "15 it's time to get
  you on your way, I believe your new owner has one more surprise for you."  
Number 15 lay on the operating table not knowing
  what was expected of her. She felt an aching in her nose and felt something
  cold resting on her lips, and her legs felt very strange. She could see the
  bandages wrapped around her legs and wondered why since she was lying flat
  on her back her legs were bent at the knee. She tried to straighten them but
  nothing happened. She thought, "this isn't right, I can see my legs they aren't
  in a plaster cast they're cover with bandage, why can't I straighten them?"  
Her legs moved okay from side to side, but when
  she tried to lift them off the table she wondered why they remained bent as
  they did so. Then remembered the cows and dogs and how they were unable to
  stand erect. Fresh tears welled up in her eyes.  
Finally Sam and Dr. Dunn helped poor 15 off the
  table and onto her hands and knees. Number 15 winced in pain as her body weight
  was distributed on the four points of rest.  
Dr. Dunn then knelt down and buckled pads over
  15's knees. "That should ease the pain for now, as she gets used to the new
  position you can get rid of them."  
Number 15 saw Sam approach with a leash and assumed
  he was going to attach it to her collar and lead her away like a dog. To her
  surprise he was reaching for her face, and as he attached the leash to ring
  that now dangled from her nose, 15 sank even deeper into the depraved world
  which had claimed her.  
Sam led 15 by the leash attached to her nose ring
  through the compound to the awaiting "Les Dolcett". But she had to bear one
  more indignity before being loaded aboard the yacht. The branding iron was
  pressed firmly into right haunch then the two little initials c.b. were seared
  into her flesh below the larger brand. After this final humiliation she was
  led up the gangplank to the hold of the yacht.  
Nick stood on the dock watching as 15 was led up
  plank. By his side stood Vicky on all fours tears streaming down her face, "I'm
  so sorry Kat."  
End of Part 5  
Epilogue (5 years later)  
The "Les Dolcett" was once again docked by wharf
  of Nick's private island. Mr. Moto was Nick's oldest and biggest client, but
  far from his only one now. The island had developed into a thriving business
  for Nick and his compatriots. They all had more money than they knew what to
  do with, but they all enjoyed what they did so much they couldn't give it up.  
The compound had more than tripled in size and
  the cellblocks were always full. Nick no longer lived on the yacht, he had
  built a large mansion on the leeward side of the island, as had Sam and Dr.
  Dunn.  
After five years Vicky had become a very good pet.
  She was always by her master's side, and was as devoted to her master as a
  pet can be. And although she was no longer his only pet, she was his favorite
  and probably always would be. And like most favorite pets Vicky led a pampered
  life although she had to live it like a dog.  
Upon arriving at the island Mr. Moto told Nick
  that he had a special surprise for him. Nick liked surprises.  
Mr. Moto's crew had been all day digging four holes
  in grounds and erecting strange structures that spanned each hole. Finally
  some one realized they making four barbeque pits.  
The following day Mr. Moto's crew filled the pits
  with logs and set them afire. As the wood become consumed in the flames the
  crew tended each pit breaking up the logs into smaller embers and spreading
  them evenly throughout the pit adding more logs as needed.  
When the pits were ready Mr. Moto summoned everyone
  to the "Les Dolcett", "Now for big surprise. You no doubt guessed we plan Barbeque.
  Now I show you what we barbeque."  
As Mr. Moto talked two of his crew began leading
  a huge Kobe cow down the plank one crewman led the beast by the ring in it's
  nose the other was dressed like a Samurai. Following behind came another crewman
  and another Samurai, but instead of the huge cow, however, they led a woman
  also by the ring in her nose. Another crewman and Samurai led another woman
  down the plank and finally a fourth crewman and Samurai led another huge Kobe
  cow down the plank.  
Now the four crewmen and Samurai arrange this strange
  menagerie for all to view.  
Nick was the first on the scene with Vicky right
  by his side. He was drawn immediately to the two women. They were attractive
  women with firm bodies, but they looked bigger or meatier than most women.
  As he studied the two women he finally stared into the face of the second one.  
Nick yelled, "Sam come over here quick. Sam am
  I dreaming or does this one look familiar."  
Sam studied the face for a while then slapped Nick
  on the back and yelled, "Hey Roger come on over here and take a look at this."  
Roger couldn't believe his eyes.  
Vicky sidled up next to Nick wondering what had
  got her master so excited. Then she saw the sad pathetic face of her friend
  Kat, and for the first time in years she cried.  
Sam cried out, "Look guys it's old 15, she
    still brings back some great memories in men's barracks." 
    
The face of 15 was expressionless, it was the face
  of one resigned to her fate.  
Mr. Moto arrived, "Good surprise no. She bred like
  Kobe five years, fed grain and beer, massage daily, now she ready for cook.
  I bring cow you too squeamish eat human."  
Nick whispered to Sam and Roger, "I always knew
  he was a weird bird, but I never suspected this."  
Mr. Moto signaled the crew and they paraded the
  odd menagerie through the compound to the four infernos in the ground.  
The two cows were led up first, the two Samurai
  positioned themselves next to their beast withdrew their swords and in unison
  severed the huge heads each with one quick and deadly stroke.  
Several crewmen arrived and removed the cows to
  be flayed and readied for the pit.  
Mr. Moto looked at Nick, "You like other one too,
  she lawyer try arrest me six year go."  
Nick smiled and nodded.  
Now the two women were prepared, the remaining
  two Samurai took up their positions. But before they did their jobs the other
  Samurai arrived each carrying a long barbeque spit. They positioned themselves
  directly behind the two women with their spit poised above an anus.  
On a signal from Mr. Moto the two spit bearers
  began to drive their objects home. Slowly, but forcefully, the spit was worked
  through the two expressionless women. When the spit neared each victims throat
  a crewmen grabbed the head of victim aligning it for a smooth passage. The
  spit slowly worked its way out each woman's mouth.  
Now the Samurai who had been propelling the spit
  through the women's bodies withdrew the spit just enough to be at the base
  of the throat. The two Samurai near the victims' heads drew their swords and
  with the same precision and unison swoosh the two heads fell from their bodies.  
Crewmen quickly gathered up the fallen heads and
  ran them back to "Les Dolcett". The Samurai quickly drew their smaller blades
  slashed open the abdomens of the two victims and removed their entrails. The
  spits were now driven all the way through the two victims, their arms bound
  behind them and their ankles bound to the spit. Their abdomens were stuffed
  with savory herbs then crudely stitched up. They were ready for the fire.  
The four carcasses were place above the coals and
  began to roast. The chefs taking care to baste and rotate as needed.  
"My friends, they cook long time, let us make business."  
The ritual of the whole thing enthralled the men
  of the island and they stood transfixed by the sight of the two humans roasting
  over the open pit.  
Finally Nick said to the group, "Yeah, it must
  take hours. Lets go on up to the house, have some drinks and talk some business."  
The roasting continued all afternoon. The men would
  find reasons to go down and watch the slowly turning women as they roasted.  
When the feast was finally ready everyone stood
  drooling about the pit. The men of the island were anxious to try a taste of
  15. But they all lined up for the beef when it 0a  
.ctually came time to eat.  
Nick and Sam, however, were not bashful about trying
  something different, and both seemed quite satisfied with the portions they
  received. Nick even went back for seconds.  
Mr. Moto feasted exclusively on the former lawyer.  
When nothing of the feast was left but a few soup
  bones and some scraps destined for the watchdogs the party moved back to Nick's
  palatial mansion for cigars and single malt scotch.  
As the men sat around, they savored their Romeo
  y Juliets from Cuba with their tumblers full of Glenlevit. Mr. Moto had one
  more surprise for Nick. Two of Mr. Moto's crewmen arrived each carrying a large
  mahogany box. The boxes had shiny brass fixtures and were polished to a glossy
  sheen.  
He presented the two boxes to Nick.  
Nick opened the two boxes. Mr. Moto did not receive
  the shocked expression he had expected. Nick had suspected something like this
  when the two heads were so quickly gathered up once severed.  
Mr. Moto had the two heads stuffed and mounted
  on plaques by his personal taxidermist. "Nick these represent your formal initiation
  and acceptance into our rather restricted society. Welcome, it is a pleasure
  doing business with you."  
Nick accepted the two trophies, "I have just the
  place for these, right over there above the mantle."  
A week later both trophies hung on the wall above
  the mantle. One had a small brass plate at the bottom with an inscription that
  read, "Curiosity Killed the Kat"  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





