BDSM Library - Jake's Slaves




Jake's Slaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of slavery and love.
                                                        Jake's Slaves

                                                          Part One
                                                         Chapter 1

The call came from out of the blue. Jake couldn't believe his luck!
The call had been from his cousin, Alexa, at about three that afternoon. It was 6:00 P.M. now
and he was still in shock.
Alexa was his younger cousin on his mother's side. She was thirty-two years old, seventeen
years younger than Jake. She had always been one of the black sheep in the family. Bouts with
drugs and alcohol, sex with a lot of different men, and two children out of wedlock had given her
quite a reputation within the relatively close family. 
She had been a beautiful girl when she had her first child, Heather, at the age of fourteen and a
beautiful woman when she had her second child, Jason, at the age of twenty-four. At thirty-two,
she was still a very pretty woman.
Her son, Jason, was now living with his father somewhere up north. Alexa had not been able to
support the two children. She had no high school diploma, and worked as a barmaid at a local
beer joint. Her daughter Heather, the subject of the lucky phone call, lived with Alexa and had just
graduated high school. Like Alexa, Heather was now a very beautiful young woman.
Three hours after the phone call, Jake was still sitting at his computer staring blankly at the
monitor as the content of the phone call and the possibilities it had created dominated his
thoughts. Ten years ago, Jake had dabbled a little in the pornography business. He had bought a
few video cameras and tripods and had made quite a few amateur porno's using dancers from
some of the nude bars in the area. They had all been done in motel rooms, very quickly, and very
amateurish. Although they were poorly done, Jake had known what the distributors had wanted
and had made a very nice profit from them. 
They had all been master-slave films. Jake never appeared nude or had sex with the women and
wore a leather mask to hide his identity. He would use leather collars and straps to bind the
women. He would use clips on their nipples and vaginas. He would spank them with leather
paddles. He would give them enemas and use all sorts of vibrators and gigantic dildos on the
women. Men who bought porno loved so see giant objects being forced into a woman's vagina
and rectum as they squealed and grunted in pain.
Ten years ago, he had gotten another phone call from Alexa. She had been friends with one of
the dancers that had starred in one of his porno films. She had asked him if he could do one with
her so she could make a little quick cash to pay her bills. Everything had gone very well. She had
taken the spankings, clips, and enema's like a champ. She had taken a ten inches long, two and a
half inch diameter dildo to the hilt in her beautiful pussy. She had taken the nine inches long, two
inch diameter dildo to the hilt in her rectum, but had balked and finally quit during the process of
trying to force the larger one up her ass.
Jake had still given her the four hundred dollars, even though he knew he couldn't get much for
the film without the giant dildo up her ass. That had been ten years ago. 
Today, she had called to ask him if it was possible for her and Heather to make some money
doing a porno film for him! She was broke, having trouble paying her bills, and Heather wanted to
go to cosmetology school.
At first Jake had told her no. That the same thing would probably happen again. That she or
Heather would back out at the last minute, or refuse to do something that had to be done in order
to sell the film. He had told Alexa that he really couldn't believe Heather wanted to do this
anyway. 
Alexa told him that there was no way she would back out this time. She would take a football up
her ass if that's what it took. She also said that Jake was right, that Heather did not want to do
the film, that she was still a virgin, and really didn't know much about sex at all. But, when Alexa
had told her there was no other way she would ever get an education or be anything other than a
bar maid like her mother, she had reluctantly given in, and seemed determined to do whatever it
took to get the money to go to school.
Although Jake now had some money, an inheritance from his Uncle George, he did not want to
just give her money. They were going to have to earn it if they were going to get it and that meant
doing everything he felt they needed to do in order for the film to sell.
Jake had finally, partially given in and told Alexa to be at his house with Heather at seven that
night, and he would talk to them both. Then he would decide if they would do the film and talk
about how much money they could make.
Jake realized it was now 6:30 P.M. and began to make out the contracts on his computer, just in
case he decided to go through with this. He knew he wanted to. Alexa was still a pretty woman,
and Heather, Oh God, Heather, was a living doll and still a virgin! The thought of a mother and
innocent daughter together, doing anything he wanted, had given him a boner for almost three
hours now. He hoped he could get it down before they arrived.

                                                                     2

Jake watched the old battered Ford pull into his driveway and the two beautiful women get out
and start toward his door. They were dressed "fit to kill". Alexa was in a short black skirt and
sweater, Heather in tight slacks and a sweater. Both women were well-endowed but Alexa had
much larger breasts and a bigger ass. Heather had the lithe, but full body of a teenager just
becoming a woman. Tight was the word that came to Jake's mind. Her ass was nice and plump,
but firm and tight. Not a pound was wasted on that body. It was all in the right places. Both
women had auburn red hair and blue-green eyes that accentuated their pale skin.
Jake opened the door to hugs and kisses from both women. They smelled wonderful. When
Heather said, "Hi, Uncle Jake," he almost had second thoughts. The girl had called him Uncle all
her life.
Jake ushered both women into his study. He sat behind the antique desk and offered them plush
chairs across from him. He had made a pitcher of daiquiris and poured them all a tall glass of the
icy green mixture. Both ladies eagerly accepted the drinks as if they knew they were going to need
them.
"Okay," Jake started. "First lets talk about money. How much do you need to make in order to
get your bills caught up and send Heather to school?"
His question was directed at Alexa. She shut her eyes, pursed her lips, and began to calculate.
Finally she answered. "Well, I need about five thousand to get my bills payed up, and to pay off
a few things. The school is nine hundred dollars a semester, six semesters, but there is books,
equipment, and products she has to buy."
Jake did a few calculations in his mind. "So, we are talking about at least twelve maybe fifteen-
thousand dollars just to barely pay for what you need."
"Yes," Alexa answered nervously.
"Well I can see why you decided to come to me and try the porno films," Jake said in an
understanding tone. "I don't see an even remote possibility for you to get the money any other
way. We are probably talking more in the area of forty thousand dollars to set your lives on the
right path."
"Things have changed over the years, since Alexa and I made that porno. They pay more, but
they expect even more. It would take at least ten well-made films, maybe more. I would also have
to dish out at least thirty thousand dollars on equipment and props right away. I do see a problem
though. I don't work anymore since I got the inheritance, but Alexa does. The only way to do this
would be for the two of you to move in out here with me until all the work is completed. I would
pay what bills you have until we are finished, but I think it would probably take ten to twelve
weeks and Alexa has a job. Since I live way out from the city, almost a two hour drive, it's just
not feasible for her to drive back and forth from work."
Alexa interrupted, "Well, that's prolly not gonna be a problem. I got fired two days ago. I had a
run in with a valued customer that couldn't keep his hands off my ass. Hit him with a pool stick."
Jake laughed and then the girls did too."Well, that seems to solve that little problem."
Jake had been watching Heather during the conversation. She seemed very nervous and even
scared. She was going to be the major problem here, if there was one.
He directed his next question to Alexa, also. "Have you told Heather what you had to do in the
porno we made? Did you tell her what might be expected of her if she does one? That I make sex
slave films?"
"Yes, I told her everything in full detail. But, I also told her what you said earlier. That if we
want a good life, if she wants to go to school, and if she doesn't want to end up like me, this is
the only way. I don't even know where her father is. We have no other family who can or would
help us. You are our only hope of getting out of poverty. She is scared, but she is a smart girl.
She knows I am right."
Jake looked into Heather's beautiful, but dread filled eyes. "Heather, do you know that I love
you and do you know that your mother loves you?"
"Yes, of course," her voice was a nervous whisper.
"Then you should know that I would never do anything that I thought would permanently harm
you in any way. You may have to tell yourself this many times over the next few months, if you
want to do this. Do you believe me?"
"Yes, Uncle Jake," she answered.
Alexa interrupted again. "She never had a father, Jake. You have been the only older man in her
life. You have helped us a lot over the years. I think you bought every Christmas she ever had. It
was you that bought all her school clothes and books. She knows you love her."
Jake was touched by what Alexa said. He looked from one girl to the other with love in his eyes.
He really did love them. "I think I owe Heather a little explanation."
"I don't want you to think that I wouldn't give you the twenty thousand dollars if I could afford
it. You know that I recently received an inheritance from my Uncle George. It did not make me a
millionaire as some people in the family think. I want you to know exactly what I got so you will
understand why I can't just give you twenty thousand dollars. I got this beautiful big house out
here in the middle of nowhere. It's surrounded by four hundred acres of dense forest. The house
is worth maybe three hundred thousand dollars as it is not on prime real estate. I intend to spend
the rest of my life in this house, so I would never sell it unless I had to. I also received seven
hundred thousand dollars after taxes. I put one hundred thousand in savings accounts for
emergencies and what not, and the rest into funds from which I will draw a yearly income. That
yearly income can vary, but will most likely be around forty to fifty thousand a year."
 He hesitated, then continued. "If we do this, I will have to invest at least sixty thousand dollars
of my emergency money into equipment, taking care of you and your mother, and paying you and
your mother after the films are made. I can't afford to lose that sixty thousand dollars. Once I buy
the equipment, the films must be made, and made right. I have been thinking a lot about this since
Alexa called me today and there is only one way to assure that the films are made right. In order
for this to work, both of you will actually have to become my slaves until the films are finished.
Alexa will be my slave, but also a mistress to Heather. I will be Master to both of you."
 Jake hesitated to let his words sink in, then continued. " I want you both to understand that this
is the only way that I will do this. I love you both, but I can't afford to lose my money on this one.
At times you will think me a tyrant, mean, cruel, and maybe even crazy. You must understand that
in order to make good slave films that will sell, you must become slaves. That means that you turn
your lives totally over to me for the few months this takes, in order to live a great life forever.
You will obey my every command immediately or I will punish you. The punishment will be light
at times, and very harsh at other times. I will even strap you down and whip you until you cry and
beg for mercy. But, such is the life of a slave. You will, I promise, also learn to love me even
more, and feel great gratification from serving me. A true slave learns to live to serve her Master.
She understands that she must be punished at times and that doesn't mean that her master does
not love her."
 He gazed deeply into each girl's eyes. "I have made up two contracts. I searched the internet
and found a lawyer that specializes in slavery contracts. These contracts are legal and binding. By
signing them you will be agreeing to become my slave. I cannot be prosecuted for holding you
here by force because I will own you. I cannot be punished for tying you down and whipping you
or performing any sex act I want to on you because it's all in the contract. Once you sign the
contract, even if you decide you don't want to be my slave, it won't matter. I will force you to
continue to be my slave and be within my rights to do so. I will leave the room for a few minutes
and let you talk it over. When I come back in fifteen minutes, if the contracts are not signed then
the deal is off and you can go home and resume your lives."

                                                                     3

Jake reentered the study to find Heather crying as Alexa comforted her. He was thinking the
deal was off. He had pushed too hard and now he would never have them as slaves. Then he
noticed the two signed contracts laying on his desk! 
God! He had them! They were his!
Jake spoke in a gentle voice as he picked up the two contracts and began to lock them in the
safe. "Why are you crying, sweet Heather?"
Alexa answered. "She is embarrassed and afraid. She knows you are going to see her naked. She
has never been naked in front of a man. We have talked about it quite a bit. It's not the whippings
or the sex as much as her just being so embarrassed about getting naked in front of you, especially
with me there, too. She will be fine. She may cry a lot at first and be embarrassed a lot, but she
knows that. Isn't that right, Heather?"
Heather nodded her head in agreement, but didn't stop crying. 
"I'm so sorry for crying, Uncle Jake," she sobbed. "I know that this is the best thing possible for
me and mom. I will do my best to try and be a good slave for you."
Jake continued in a soft, gentle voice. "I know you will, sweetie. Believe me. You will make a
great slave. Always remember that I love you and your mother very much and no matter what I
say or do to you, I am doing what must be done in order for you and your mother to have a better
life. Now, I have my first orders for you both. I want you to go home for tonight. Get a good
night's sleep and be back here tomorrow at 10:00 A.M. Alexa, do you have a douche bag and
nozzle and do you have hair remover? I remember your pussy was semi-shaved the last time."
"Yes," Alexa answered, "I have both."
Jake continued. "Good. Then I want you to completely shave Heather's pussy tonight. Then use
the hair remover until she is as smooth and hairless as the day she was born. I don't want to see
one hair or feel one stubble anywhere on her, including her ass and asshole. Then I want you to
use the douche nozzle to break her cherry. I don't want to run into a hymen and cause her pain
the first time she is penetrated. Understood?"
Alexa answered quickly. "Understood, Jake. The shaving won't be much of a problem, she has
very little pubic hair to begin with and it's very thin."
"Okay, I want you both to come here dressed a certain way tomorrow. I want you to wear soft
white slippers on your feet, no socks. I want you each to wear a short, white, silk or satin robe
with a tie sash. I want you both to wear white, cotton, bikini panties and nothing else. Do not
bring any other clothes with you. Do not bring any makeup with you and do not wear any
makeup. Do not bring any jewelry with you. Bring nothing but yourselves and the clothes I have
mentioned. Be prepared to be here for at least three months while totally under my control."
Jake reached into his desk drawer and took out five, one hundred dollar bills. "Stop at the
shopping mall down the highway on your way home and buy the clothes."

                                                                    4

Jake stood before his bedroom mirror. 
"Not too bad for a forty-nine year old man," he thought.
Jake was a big man. He was six feet four inches tall and weighed two hundred and fifty pounds.
He was just a little overweight, but most of it was still solid muscle. He had a rugged but semi-
handsome face, and black hair that had begun to gray. His body was covered with thick, black,
curly hair, even his back. His nickname had been "Gorilla" in the marines for good reason.
He began thinking about the girls arriving within the next hour and noticed his cock was as hard
as a brick. Jake smiled and began to talk to the giant, hairy penis. "I sure hope Alexa and Heather
like you, my old friend. Many a woman has gasped in awe when they saw your twelve inch length
and two and three quarters inch width coming at them." Jake knew the exact measurements of his
hard cock, because a certain dancer named Misty had used a tailor's measuring tape on it.
He began to think about the women that had come and gone as he started dressing. Most of
them had been nude dancers. He had found that the dancers in the clubs seemed to like very
dominant, very strong, big men, with big dicks. 
He had never really fallen in love. He thought of women as slaves, not wives. They were here
for man's pleasure. Of that, he was totally sure.
Jake finished dressing and walked to the living room just in time to hear the doorbell ring.
He opened the door wearing a warm smile. Two visions of beauty greeted him. They were so
beautiful in the white silk robes that just covered the white cotton panties he knew were
underneath.
"Hello, my slaves. You look wonderful! Please, come into your new home. How was your
drive?"
Jake noticed that Alexa was smiling, but Heather eyes were downcast looking at the ground and
her face was flushed. He could tell the girl was embarrassed already and probably still feeling
humiliated from the shaving and cherry breaking last night.
Alexa spoke first. "The drive was nerve-wracking to say the least. We just knew that old Ford
would break down on us and we would be stranded there, dressed in nothing but robes and
panties."
"Well, let me have the keys to that old Ford and I will lock them in the safe," Jake ordered.
"You won't be needing it for a few months and wont be having to worry about it breaking down
on you. As a matter of fact, I will be buying you both new cars when I sell the films. Heather will
need one to get to beauty school every day."
Alexa willingly handed the keys to Jake, but he noticed a look of pain on Heather's beautiful
face. He imagined the girl saw it as watching her only chance of escape going down the drain, and
it was.
He led the two women to the living room and motioned for them to have a seat on the couch.
Then Jake sat in a chair directly across from them.
Alexa sat comfortably, legs slightly spread, not at all worried that Jake could see the crotch of
her cotton panties. Heather sat with her legs held tightly together and her hands in her lap in order
to hide hers.
"This is going to be awkward for you two for a while," Jake said, "especially for Heather. I
know you aren't the least bit worried or embarrassed about me seeing you naked, Alexa. On the
other hand, I notice that Heather is sitting with her hands in her lap terribly afraid that I will see
her new panties. Heather I want you to try and relax a little. Move your hands and spread your
legs a little so that I can see the crotch of your new panties."
Jake watched as Heather slowly moved her hands, then spread her legs a little. She kept her eyes
cast down, not daring to look Jake in the face. Her beautiful blue-green eyes looked about ready
to spill tears.
"That's my sweet girl," he said. "See, that wasn't so hard was it? You look beautiful and very
sexy with your panties exposed like that. Remember, you are here to please me, and it pleases me
very much to see your sexy panties. Did your mother shave you and use the hair remover on your
pussy and ass, Heather? Is your pussy as naked as the day you were born?"
"Yes, Uncle Jake," the girl's voice was a choked whisper.
"Did she use the douche nozzle to break your cherry? I hope it didn't hurt too much."
"Yes, she did, Uncle Jake. It hurt some, but not as badly as I thought it would." The girl's voice
cracked and a tear rolled down her face.
"Great!" Jake's booming, happy voice startled the girl causing her to nearly jump off the couch.
Heather would learn soon enough that no amount of tears, crying, or screaming would dampen
Jake's enjoyment of his slaves.
"Ok then," Jake's voice boomed again, "lets start talking business. I am going to tell you some
of the things we are going to be doing in the next few days to turn this house into a porn film
studio."
 Jake hesitated for a few seconds. "Both of you will accompany me when I go to buy the things
we need. We will not be leaving each other's site much in the next few months. It's going to take
some work to get the house set up and both of you will be helping me get things moved in and
set. I have ordered most of the stuff on the internet, overnight delivery. Some will be here this
afternoon and some tomorrow. Today you will accompany me to buy the camera's, special lights,
and tripods. I want to get the camera's running as soon as possible. I will be filming the two of
you almost twenty-four hours a day."
He noticed Heather was crying even harder. "I have ordered editing equipment and it should be
here today. I will be using tons of video tapes to film your every move each day and in the end I
will edit the ten films from all the footage we have shot over the two or three months. We will be
buying fifteen video cameras. There will be three main rooms where most of the films will be shot
and three cameras in each of those rooms, along with the thirty-two inch monitors for each
camera. The monitors should be here today, also. I am using three cameras in each of those rooms
to get three different views of each scene. Most of the time one camera will be a whole body shot
of the slave, one will be a close up of your face, and another will be a close up of your tits, pussy,
or ass." 
 He heard Heather gasp and whimper. "The three main rooms will be the enema room, the
whipping room, and the table-chair room. I have a room in the basement that will be perfect for
the enema room. It has a cement floor with a big drain in the middle. One of the spare bedrooms
will be made into the whipping room. The den  will be the table-chair room which is where most
of the dildo scenes will take place. I have ordered an assortment of tables and chairs especially
made for holding slaves in sexual positions with straps and buckles. They will be here tomorrow
morning." Both girls now had fear in their eyes.
"We will also be buying some of the sex toys today. There is a nice little store not far from the
mall that sells everything from dildos, to enema bags and nozzles, to clips and whips. Although we
will buy some today, I may feel the need to make future trips for more toys. There is no need to
worry about privacy here. The nearest house is over six miles away and the nearest public road is
a quarter of a mile away and blocked by the surrounding forest."
 Jake hesitated, then continued. "We will do all of our driving in my van. It's perfect for taking
two slaves on a shopping trip. Slaves always travel naked unless I feel there is a reason for you to
wear clothes. I have mirrors all the way across the roof and visor area of the van so that I can see
my slaves at all times no matter where they are in the van. The van has windows along the sides,
but none in the back. The windows on the sides are high enough that even though a slave may be
totally naked, all that can be seen of her is from the shoulders up when she is seated. The van also
has very high shocks and very large tires, so even truckers can't see down into it."
Jake heard Heather begin to cry even harder at the thought of riding totally naked in the van.
Alexa's soft voice immediately started trying to calm the girl. "Shhhhhh honey, it's going to be
fine. Always remember that Jake loves us and is only doing these things to help us be better slaves
so that we can make good films for him to sell."
Jake suddenly had an idea  that would make the girl feel better. "Alexa will go totally naked on
this trip to the stores today, but Heather will be allowed to wear her panties. Actually, I think I
will allow Heather to wear her panties until she decides that she wants to show me her naked
pussy."
Jake heard the sigh of relief from Heather as soon as she realized what he had said. His ploy was
a work of art. The girl would now show him her tits almost eagerly, feeling that her pussy was
still safe and covered.
Jake continued. "Okay, Alexa, take off everything but your shoes. Heather, I want you to watch
your mother undress. See the ease with which she shows us her beautiful body. You will be able
to do the same, very soon."
Jake and Heather watched as the woman stood and began to undress. Jake thought he saw a
little shame and embarrassment in Alexa's face as the robe dropped to the floor and she stood
before Jake and her daughter with her big, naked tits exposed. They were very nice, big tits. There
was almost no sag and the nipples were big and hard.
As Alexa stepped out of her panties, Jake thought he saw a little more shame in her eyes. Her
bush was thick and red, but she had shaved around her cunt so that her lips and clit were totally
exposed, even when standing. She had a giant clit, even bigger than Jake remembered, and large,
red, pouting cunt lips. He noticed a thin shiny line between the red lips and realized Alexa was
wet! It was turning her on to strip in front of Jake and her daughter!
Jake's cheery, booming voice filled the room again. "You are still as beautiful as ever, Alexa.
Your tits are wonderful. They have not sagged over the years, and your nipples look so big and
ripe they could burst at any moment. Your cunt is also a work of art. The big red clit and lips
surrounded by that think red bush is breathtaking to say the least. I am very proud to be your
Master!"
He looked at Heather. "Heather, look at your mother in all her naked glory. Isn't she beautiful?
Aren't her cunt and tits just wonderful?"
Heather's eyes were glued to her mother's naked body as she answered in a soft, meek, voice.
"Yes, Uncle Jake, she is very beautiful."
"Well I bet you are just as beautiful when you are naked," Jake boomed. "Now it's your turn,
but you only have to take off the robe. You can leave the panties on."
Heather stood slowly on shaking legs as Jake and Alexa watched and waited. Jake almost lost
his breath as she untied the sash and let the robe drop to the floor. He had never seen anything so
beautiful, and he had seen lots of naked beautiful women. Her young tits were just more than a
handful, firm and ripe. Her nipples were large, puffy, and rosy red. They looked so ripe and
tender, the way all young girls' nipples do before they have been sucked on, and played with for
years. She filled the tight, white panties to the bursting point. Her firm, young, plump ass filled the
back and her protruding, pussy mound and lips filled the front. Her legs were long and sleek, but
not skinny. She was just simply perfect.
Jake was surprised that she didn't move her hands up to cover her tits in shame, but realized she
was still so relieved that she could leave her panties on and keep that shaved cunt covered that
exposing her tits to them had not been such a bad ordeal for her.
Jake looked deep into Heather's eyes with love and said, "Your tits are so beautiful they are
beyond words, my sweet Heather. Your ass and pussy fill those panties to the bursting point.
Those are the luckiest panties in the world. I am so very lucky and proud to be your Master!"
 Jake smiled, then said, "Okay, my slaves, I want you to walk out in the front yard and wait
beside the drive while I get the van out of the garage. Don't worry about anyone seeing you.
There are no people for miles."
Jake watched Alexa's big, beautiful, plump ass and Heather's smaller, beautiful, plump ass walk
out the door, then turned and headed for the garage.
Jake told the two girls to sit on the soft, plush, bench seat just behind the driver's seat. It was
almost as plush and soft as the love seat in his living room. God, they had looked so wonderful,
standing there naked beside the driveway as he backed the van out of the garage.
The mirrors were just right. He had a total view of the bench seat and the two slaves. As he
turned onto the highway and headed toward the mall, he gave them his next orders.
"I want you both to remove your slippers then sit with your backs against the side of the van
facing each other. Then I want you both to put your feet up on the seat and spread your legs and
knees as wide as you can."
Jake saw a look of surprise and maybe shame in Alexa's face, and at the same time saw Heather
begin to cry again. This gave Alexa a good reason to do as he said first, in order to show the
young girl that it was ok.
He watched in the mirrors as Alexa quickly removed her slippers and pulled her feet up onto the
seat. Then she spread her legs and knees as wide as she could. His cock throbbed and started to
get hard as her naked cunt was spread before them in all its red, wet, glistening glory. Even her
pink asshole was exposed.
Jake noticed that Heather had her eyes turned toward the front of the van and wasn't looking at
her mother as she slipped the slippers off, slowly lifted her feet onto the bench, and spread her
legs and knees wide.
Jake could see her pussy lips spread beneath the white cotton panties her clit poking out at the
top of the lips. She had a large clit, almost as big as her mother's.
"I want you to look at your mother, Heather," Jake ordered. "I want you to look at that
beautiful red cunt, with the giant clit. That is the pussy that bore you. That is the vagina that
spread wide around you as you popped into this world. Isn't it beautiful? Isn't it wonderful? So
red! So wet! So sweet! So hot!"
Jake watched the mirrors as Heather slowly turned her head to look at her mother's naked cunt.
"Yes, Uncle Jake," she croaked. "It's very beautiful."
Jake's voice boomed once again. "Alexa, I want you to reach down with both hands and spread
your cunt lips as wide as you can. Heather and I want to see your inner cunt lips and big clit even
better."
Jake thought his throbbing cock might explode as he watched Alexa reach down and spread her
cunt lips as far as she could. Her cunt was now soaking wet, the juices flowing freely.
"Notice how wet your mother's beautiful cunt is, Heather. That means she is turned on and
excited from showing us her naked cunt. Look how her clit has swollen even larger than its
normal giant size. It must be throbbing with desire and need. Is your cunt also getting wet beneath
your panties, Heather? Is that why your face is scarlet red with shame and embarrassment right
now?"
"I dddon't know, Uncle Jake," the girl stammered in shame and embarrassment.
Jake's voice boomed through the van once again. "Yes you do know, girl! If your cunt is wet,
you can feel the wet stickiness between your cunt lips. Never lie to me, girl! If you lie to me, I will
whip your naked tits until you scream and cry for mercy!"
Heather began to cry and blubber as the tears ran down her beautiful face. "Yes, Uncle Jake, my
vagina feels wet and sticky under my panties. I feel so nasty! I must be a terrible person to be
excited from seeing my own mother's naked vagina spread open! Oh, God! Am I a lesbian?"
Jake's voice softened. "There is nothing wrong with you, my sweet Heather. You are a normal,
healthy, young woman with the same needs and desires as any other normal, healthy woman. I am
just helping you to bring those needs and desires to the surface. Most women never have the
pleasure of learning to be a slave, learning to let their sexual needs and desires come to the
surface. 
All women have the need to be a slave, to be dominated, to be a total sexual being buried deep
within them. The great majority of women are also aroused by both men and women. Society has
forced them to hide most of their sexual feelings. Society has forced women's sexual needs and
desires into hiding over the last few hundred years. I am going to bring those needs and desires
within you to the surface. It's my duty as your master, to do so.
Jake looked at Alexa in the mirror. "Alexa, I want you to masturbate for your daughter. Show
her what a true sexual woman is. Show her how wonderful it is to be a slave. Only a slave, being
forced to masturbate in front of her daughter can ever know the pleasure of an orgasm while
looking into her daughter's beautiful eyes."
Jake could see that Alexa was filled with shame and embarrassment as she began to rub her big,
throbbing clit up and down with the middle finger of her right hand. But, he could also see that
she was about to burst with need and desire. 
He watched in awe as Alexa began to pump her clit harder and harder as she looked into her
daughter's eyes. A soft moan escaped from her lips and her toes curled under and dug into the
plush seat of the van. She began to pant and hunch her pussy up and down as her finger pumped
the giant, red, swollen clit faster and faster. Her left hand moved to her right breast, and began to
roll the big hard nipple between her fingers. Suddenly, her pussy started to buck up off the seat,
her ass rising to meet her pounding hand.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Ooooooooooooooooohmmmmmmmmmmmm!" A long, loud moan of
pure pleasure burst from Alexa as her orgasm took her. Every muscle in her body contracted as
her orgasm grew stronger and stronger. Jake could see her ass cheeks clinching and unclinching
as each wave of her orgasm washed over her.
Finally, the bucking, moaning, and pumping slowed to a gentle rubbing of her clit and pussy lips.
Her cunt and inner thighs were soaking wet with her sweet cunt juice. Her whole hand was
dripping with the sweet nectar.
Jake's face broke into a broad, proud smile and he noticed that the crotch of Heather's panties
was now soaking wet with her cunt juice as well. For a moment he thought maybe he should have
her masturbate through her panties but then changed his mind. He didn't want her to get any relief
just yet. He wanted her desire to build slowly, until she was almost to the bursting point.
Jake's happy voice boomed. "That was wonderful, Alexa. You gave Heather and me great
pleasure as we watched you pounding your naked cunt like a bitch in heat. Look how wet the
crotch of your daughters panties is now. She is soaking wet. Your orgasm was a thing of beauty
to behold. Now, I want you to lick all the juices off your hand, Alexa. Show your daughter that
your cunt juice is sweet. Show her how much you enjoy tasting your own sweet cunt."
Alexa's eyes were still hooded with desire as she stared into her beautiful daughter's eyes, lifted
her hand to her mouth, and began to lick and suck, until her hand was totally cleaned and all
traces of her sweet cunt juice swallowed.
Jake pulled into the mall parking lot and parked as close to the electronics store as possible.
There were people everywhere walking to and from their vehicles. The girls were now seated
facing the front. The only part of them that was visible to the passers by was from the shoulders
up. No one could tell that they were totally naked within the van, except for Heather's tight, little,
wet panties. He could tell that both girls were scared and nervous about being naked around so
many people, even though those people didn't know they were naked. Of course, that was the
whole point.
Jake could tell that Alexa was shamed by what she had just done in front of her daughter, but
her desires and needs were much stronger than her shame. She was already well on the road to
becoming a great slave. Heather was shaking with shame and humiliation. Her embarrassment was
very evident in her red face and chest. It was going to be a long process making her a perfect,
willing slave, but Jake was looking forward to every minute of it.
Jake spoke in his gentle, loving voice this time. "You girls will wait in the van while I go in and
buy the video equipment. Stay seated as you are, and no one will be able to tell you are waiting
here totally naked for me. You are both doing a wonderful job so far. I am very proud of you. I
will be back as soon as possible."

                                                               5

Both girls almost jumped out of their skins when Jake swung the back doors to the van open.
They both sighed with relief when they saw it was Jake, but then turned scarlet red when they
realized the store clerk that had helped him get all the equipment to the van was with him. The
clerk could only see them from the shoulders up from behind the van, but Jake could tell that both
women felt that he could see everything. Then he realized they thought the clerk could see them
in the mirrors and smiled. The mirrors were at an angle where only someone in the front seat had
a view of the girls.
The clerk noticed the two beautiful women sitting in the van, and spoke. "Hello, ladies. Isn't it a
wonderful day today?"
Both girls turned just enough so they could see the clerk and said "Hello" in unison.
Jake and the clerk, loaded the new cameras, tripods, and lights into the van. Then Jake handed
the clerk a five-dollar bill for a tip. 
As Jake climbed into the driver's seat, he noticed that both girls were still shaking with fear.
"Relax, my loves. He could not see a thing. The mirrors are angled so that only the driver can
see you in all your glory. He didn't see a thing.
Alexa and Heather sighed with relief, then Heather said, "Thank God! I thought he could see
everything and would probably call the cops and have us all arrested!"
Jake pulled out of the parking lot as he began to laugh and laugh. Soon he had both women
laughing with him. Jake finally got the laughing under control and spoke in his firm, Master's
voice. "We are headed to the sex toy store now and you will be going in with me this time."
Both women gasped in surprise and fear, thinking Jake meant they would have to go in the store
naked. He decided he would let them think that for a minute while he explained the rules.
"I need to set up some ground rules for when one or both of you enter a public place with me."
His voice was firm and powerful. "Slaves always walk two to three paces behind their Master.
Slaves do not speak when they are in a public place, unless their Master gives them permission to
speak or asks them a question. I want you in the store with me, because I will be asking you some
questions about the items we will be buying. You will be helping me choose the dildos that will be
shoved up your cunts and ass holes as well as the other items that will be used on you. When I ask
you these questions, you will answer me quickly and honestly. If you lie to me, I will know and
you will be severely punished when we get home."
Jake noticed they were nearing the store, reached into the console beside his seat, and removed
two men's, white, v-neck, tee-shirts. They were the very thin kind that old men usually wore
beneath their dress shirts.
"You will be wearing these tee-shirts inside the store. They are long enough to just cover
Alexa's pussy and Heather's panties. The shirts are very thin and you can see right through them
outside. The store is dimly lit inside with dark colored lights. I have checked out the store a few
times, and it is perfect for our purposes. There are only two people that work in the store. A man
sits by the door, and watches people as they exit, to make sure they didn't steal anything. A
woman sits behind a high counter in the back of the store. The majority of the store is not visible
to these two people, so once the two of you are inside and past the guard at the door, no one
should be seeing you again, until we leave. They will hear everything we say though." 
 Jake continued. "At times I may decide to pull one or both of your shirts up above your tits for
a bit. If I do this, do not protest and do not pull the shirt back down unless you hear the bell on
the front door ring. That will mean another customer has entered the store, and you will need to
pull the shirts down immediately. Remember, the two people can hear everything we say, so do
not speak unless I ask you a question."
Jake pulled into the small parking lot, then turned to face the girls. They both nodded that they
understood. He handed each one a tee-shirt and watched as they pulled them over their beautiful
heads. Then they donned  their white slippers and were ready to enter the store.
The store was very dark inside after coming in from the bright sunlight but their eyes would
adjust soon. The guard at the door, didn't even say hello as the three of them passed him and
entered the main part of the store.
Jake told the girls to wait there for a second, then cased the rest of the store. There were no
other customers, and the cashier was safely tucked behind the high counter in the back. He
returned to the girls and led them over to a large display. There were enema bags and nozzles on
shelves and some hanging on the walls.
As the girls stood before the giant display of enema nozzles with a mixed look of disgust and
amazement on their faces, Jake slowly lifted Alexa's shirt up until it was gathered above her big
tits. She now stood totally exposed before the big enema display. He felt a shiver run through her
body as he released the shirt above her tits.
Jake moved behind Heather and slowly lifted her shirt above her beautiful young breasts. The
girl whimpered a little, but didn't try to pull the shirt back down. Her tits were much smaller than
Alexa's but still big enough to keep the tight shirt from falling back down.
Jake's voice boomed within the darkened store. "You go first, Heather. Pick out your own
personal enema bag and nozzle. I want you to pick one you like as it will only be used on you, but
remember that I have to like it too."
Jake heard the young girl whimper again. She was shaking like a leaf. He knew that she felt
terribly embarrassed and humiliated knowing that the guard and cashier knew that she was helping
to choose an enema that would be used on her.
She slowly began picking up nozzles and bags. She held them as if they were disgusting things.
Almost as if she were holding a turd. Finally she turned to Jake holding a blue, one quart bag and
a very short, thin nozzle.
Jake took the nozzle from her and held it down in front of her white panties about even with the
entrance to her asshole.  The end of the short nozzle didn't even reach to the top of her pussy
mound. 
Jake's strong voice echoed through the store again. "That one just won't do, Heather. The bag
will only hold one quart, and the nozzle is way too short and thin. Only a four to six-quart enema
will totally clean out your rectum and colon and we must have a longer and thicker nozzle in
order to prevent the water from leaking out around it and make sure the water gets deep inside
you."
Tears were running down Heather's humiliated face as she placed the first nozzle and bag back
on the shelf, and began her search again. She grabbed a slightly longer and thicker nozzle, looked
at Jake, then replaced it when she saw his look of disapproval. She repeated this process five
more times, until she finally held the thickest and longest nozzle in the store and a clear, six quart
bag.
The nozzle was black and only about a half inch diameter at the end. It was flexible and eighteen
inches long. The nozzle was divided into three sections. The half inch diameter section at the end
was ten inches long and very flexible. The next section down was one inch in diameter and five
inches long, the last section was two inches in diameter and three inches long.
Jake took the giant nozzle from Heather and held it down in front of her panties. The tip rested
just below the girl's ripe young breasts when the hilt was even with her asshole.
Heather's eyes were as big as saucers. She was trembling with fear as she saw how deeply the
nozzle could penetrate her young rectum.
Jake decided to calm her fears a little while embarrassing her even more. "Yes! This one will do
nicely. You have chosen well Heather. The eighteen-inch nozzle should penetrate your rectum
and colon deep enough to fill you completely from the six-quart bag. The two inch diameter base
should stretch your anus enough that the water will have a hard time escaping around it."
Jake held the base of the nozzle tightly and bent the smaller flexible end in a loop so that the top
of the loop was no higher than the girl's navel.
"The flexibility of this nozzle will allow it to go very deep inside you, while not damaging your
intestines in any way."
Jake could see the relief on the young girls face, as she realized the end of the nozzle would be
nowhere near her breasts when it was fully inserted. She let out an audible sigh of relief.
Jake's happy voice boomed through the store once again. "Your turn to choose one, Alexa."
Alexa stood on her tiptoes and whispered as close to Jake's ear as she could get. "May I speak,
please?"
Jake was so proud of her he could hardly speak. "Yes, you may," he whispered.
"I think Heather has made a wonderful choice. I would like the same nozzle and bag, but the red
color instead of the black to make sure we don't get them mixed up."
Jake beamed with pride as he answered. "That's a wonderful idea, Alexa. You get yours, and
Heather can carry hers. Let's move over to the dildo section. I know you girls can't wait to pick
out some nice big ones for me to use on you."
Jake led the girls over to the dildo section. Alexa carried her enema bag and nozzle proudly but
Heather still held hers as if it was a giant turd.
Jake's voice rang out again. "Okay, ladies, set the enema's down and let's pick out some dildos
and butt plugs for you."
Jake saw Heather flinch as she heard the words "butt plugs".
" I think we will let Alexa choose the dildos for the two of you. She knows more about what the
female vagina and rectum are capable of. Let's start with six dildos each, and three butt plugs
each. Three vaginal dildos and three anal dildos ranging from medium, to big, to gigantic. You
will each need one medium sized butt plug for traveling, and two big ones for stretching purposes
at home."
Jake was smiling as he imagined what the two store workers were thinking about now. 
He watched as Alexa walked up to the vaginal dildos and began picking them up, feeling up and
down the shafts, and turning the vibrators on and off to feel how well they worked. She was
inspecting a rubber one about eight inches long and an inch and a half in diameter, it was red in
color and had a nice little clit vibrator near the bottom. Jake watched as she reached down to plug
the long cord into the receptacle near the floor. Wow! She had a wonderful big ass!
Jake and Heather watched as Alexa stroked her hand up and down the dildo as if she were
jacking it off. Then she turned the knob on the bottom to the low vibration setting. There was a
look of pleasant surprise in her eyes as she felt the super strong vibration. The kind with cords
instead of batteries definitely had more vibration. 
Jake took the dildo from Alexa and motioned for her to bend over and spread her legs. Her face
flushed red with embarrassment but she quickly did as she was told. Jake made sure that Heather
had a good view of Alexa's upturned asshole and cunt, then began to rub the end of the vibrating
dildo up and down her juicy, red cunt. It was still dripping wet.
A low whispering moan came from Alexa's lips as the vibrator went to work on her clit. She
looked so beautiful and nasty, bent over with her ass spread in the store. 
Jake used two fingers on his free hand to spread her big red cunt lips. Then he inserted the dildo
into her vagina about half way. Alexa was so wet that the dildo slid in easily. As he pushed the
dildo into the hilt and the clit vibrator made contact with her giant clit, Alexa shuddered and let
out another quiet moan. Jake quickly turned the vibration knob to the medium setting. He could
feel the strong vibration all the way up to his shoulder.
Suddenly, the muscles in Alexa's legs and butt tightened up and her legs began to shake as a
long low moan escaped from her lips. Her orgasm had been very quiet, but very beautiful.
Jake looked at the crotch of Heather's panties and realized they were so soaked with her juices
that there was a dark spot visible around her cunt lips. His face broke into a proud smile.
He removed the dildo from Alexa's hot, dripping, cunt and quietly told her to stand back up.
He held the dildo up where both girls could see it. It was dripping with Alexa's sweet cunt juice.
Jake whispered just loud enough so that both women could hear him. "You better clean this up
before we take it up to the cashier, Alexa."
Alexa's face was red with shame and embarrassment, but she took the dildo from him, and
began to lick and suck all of her cunt juice off of it. When she was satisfied that she had gotten
every last drop off, she wiped it off on her tee-shirt. 
Jake smiled at her with pride and whispered, "Great job, sweetie."
Alexa smiled back with a look of pride. She was fast becoming the best slave he had ever seen.
Jake's voice boomed through the store again. "Yes, I think we will take two of these. Alexa has
chosen the gold one, Heather. Which color would you like?"
Heather's face was scarlet red with shame as she croaked, "I will take a black one, please."
Jake's voice boomed again. "Wonderful choice, Heather! Your vaginal lips will show up very
well against the black dildo. Alexa, why don't you pick out a bigger dildo that you think you girls
will like."
Alexa, quickly began going through the dildos again, feeling them up and down and checking
out the vibrators. Every time she bent over to plug one in, she made sure her ass and cunt were
spread open so Jake and Heather had a perfect view of them. Her cunt was still dripping wet.
Jake couldn't believe how quickly Alexa was learning her role as a slave. He was bursting with
pride. She finally settled on a ten inches long, two and a half inch diameter, rubber dildo, with
rubber prongs all along the shaft. Jake nodded that it was ok for her to speak if that was the one
she wanted.
Her voice rang out loud and clear. "I think we will love this one, Jake. It has nice little spikes up
and down it and also has the cord type vibration. It will probably be too big for Heather at first,
but after she works with the smaller one a while, she should be able to handle it."
Jake's happy voice filled the store again. "Great! We will get two of those also, and I will pick
the colors. I think red for you and black for Heather. Now, pick out a giant one for each one of
you."
Alexa started her jacking and vibrator testing on some giant dildo's, ranging from twelve inches
long to fourteen inches long, and from two and a half to three inches in diameter. Jake noticed
there was one she kept avoiding, though. It was a super giant one, fourteen inches long and three
and a half inches in diameter. It also had big rubber knobs running up and down the shaft that
would make it almost four inches in diameter in places.
Alexa finally settled on a twelve inches long by three inch diameter dildo. She looked to Jake for
approval but didn't find it. Instead he shook his head and directed his gaze at the super gigantic
one. Once again, Alexa got as close to Jake's ear as possible and asked if she could speak. He
nodded yes.
"I am afraid of that one," she whispered. "I think I might be able to take it with some work, but
I am afraid that it might tear Heather apart."
Jake looked into Alexa's eyes with love and said, "Do you trust me? Do you think that I would
ever risk permanently damaging her?"
Alexa searched Jake's eyes for a few seconds, then said in a loud voice, "We will each take one
of the "Super Gigantic" ones, Jake. The fourteen inch long, three and a half inch diameter one
with the big knobs along the shaft. I am a little worried that it might rip us apart, but we know
that you would never damage us, so if you think we can take it, we will. I will take one in red, and
Heather will take one in black, please."
Jake noticed that Heather was staring at the giant dildo in her mother's hand as if she were in a
terrified trance. His big voice boomed again. "Wonderful, ladies! Now, let's find you some anal
dildos. I think I will pick them out myself. And you can tell me what you think of my choices."
Jake led them over to the display of anal didos and butt plugs. He had been in the store before
and knew exactly what he wanted. He picked up one that was made of rubber and about ten
inches long. It was tapered all the way down the shaft. The tip was about one inch in diameter and
the base was about two inches in diameter.
"I think we will start with this one," he boomed. "It will be perfect for breaking in Heather's
virgin asshole. I can push it in a little at a time, and as it goes deeper, it will gradually stretch her
little anus wider and wider."
Heather looked as if she might die of embarrassment at any minute. Her whole body was red
with shame.
 "What color would you like, Heather? I think I will choose the red one for Alexa again."
"Black, please." Heather's voice was an embarrassed squeak.
"Great choice!" Jake continued. "I am sure you will enjoy it tremendously. Now let me find a
big anal dildo for the two if you."
 Jake took a formidable looking, black dildo off the shelf. It was twelve inches long and
consisted of four tapering sections. Each section was the same size. They were two and three
quarters niches in diameter at the widest point and one and one half inches in diameter at the
smallest point. It looked kind of like four small footballs end to end. There was a three-inch
diameter ring at the bottom to which a large handle was attached. It was called "The Butt-hole
Slammer". 
Jake held the big dildo up so both women could see it better. "This is called "The Butt-hole
Slammer", ladies, for obvious reasons. As I push the first football into your rectum, it will slowly
stretch your anal ring around the full two and three-quarter inch diameter. Then as I push the
football in further, your butt-hole will slam shut around the smaller one and one half inch diameter
section. This process is repeated until all four footballs have been inserted into your rectum and
the three-inch ring at the bottom slams against your anal ring. Then the process is repeated as I
remove the four footballs from your rectum. As the speed with which I force the four footballs in
and out of your rectum increases so does the speed of your anal ring stretching open and
slamming shut. I hear this experience can be quite painful as well as quite exciting and stimulating
for a woman. I will again choose red for Alexa, and black for Heather.
Both women were shaking in fear as they stared at the big dildo. Alexa was trying to be tough,
but tears were streaming down Heather's face.
Jake looked into the face of each woman then whispered, "trust me, my slaves."
Both women jumped as Jake's booming voice filled the store again. "Now for the GIANT, anal
dildo."
Jake once again reached into the shelf and produced the biggest dildo in the store. It was fifteen
inches long and four inches in diameter at the biggest point. It had a long, three inch diameter
shaft, with five, four inch diameter rings around it. There were two inches between each ring and
each ring was an inch wide. As with the previous dildo, there was a big handle attached below the
last ring.
Jake noticed that both women were cowering in fear now, wondering just what they had gotten
themselves into. Once again Jake leaned close to them and whispered. "Trust me girls. I would
never, ever damage you with these things." Then he smiled.
Alexa gave him a look of trust and love, but Heather was still trembling in terror.
Jake's loud voice almost jolted Heather into peeing on herself this time. "This one is called "The
Super Butt-Hole Slammer", girls. I think the size and the big rings around it make that quite
obvious. I choose the red for Alexa and the black for Heather once again. Now let me find you
some butt plugs. I really don't like the name butt plug, as it implies that they are used to plug up
your butt-hole so you can't go to the bathroom. They would do that if you wanted to use them
that way, but I use them to stretch the anal ring gradually, over time, so that you will one day be
able to accommodate a giant dildo such as "The Super Butt-Slammer" in your rectum. I will buy
each of you three butt plugs."
Jake reached up and grabbed the first butt plug. It consisted of three different sized shafts with
tapered rings. Once one of the tapered rings was pushed inside the girl's rectum, her anal ring
would remain stretched around the shaft. The tapered ring would prevent the butt plug from
coming out until it was pulled out on purpose. The first plug consisted of a one inch shaft, a one
and a half inch shaft, and a two-inch shaft. The tapered rings were all a half inch bigger in
diameter than the shaft below it.
Jake reached up and pulled down a bigger butt plug. It was identical to the first, except the three
shafts were two inches, two and a quarter inches, and two and a half inches in diameter. The last
one he took off the shelf was eight inches long, like the others, but its three shafts were two and a
half inches, two and three quarters inches, and three inches in diameter.
Jake spoke again. "Since each of you will be wearing one of these most of the time, I will let you
choose your colors again. Heather, you can choose first, sweetie."
After what seemed like an eternity, Heather finally managed to find her frightened voice. "I'll
take them in black, please."
"Black it is!", Jake answered. "Alexa?"
"I'll take the red again then, Jake."
"Red it is, then!"
Jake leaned close to both girls once again, and whispered. "This is going to get interesting now,
my slaves. We are going to steal a butt plug. Well, to be specific, Alexa is going to steal a butt
plug. I am still going to buy two of the smaller, red butt plugs, but Alexa is going to walk out of
here with the third in her rectum."
Heather was still whimpering, and now Alexa seemed on the verge of tears.
"You must be strong for your mother, Heather. These butt plugs cost one hundred and twenty
dollars each. That makes the theft of one of them a class A felony. If your mother is caught, she
will probably do time in prison. This is my first real test for Alexa as my slave. She must pass it, or
this whole thing will end with at least her going to jail. Understood?"
Both women nodded yes, but there was still a lot of fear showing in their faces. Jake grabbed
one of the many jars of stimulating lubricant that he was going to buy off the shelf and began
applying it to the red butt plug. It was an itching lubrication, which would make this whole ordeal
even harder for Alexa.
Jake motioned for Alexa to bend over and spread her ass wide. Alexa quickly bent over with her
legs apart, grabbed an ass cheek in each hand, and spread her ass as wide as she could. Her pink
anal ring was now totally exposed to them.
Jake made sure his index finger was well lubricated from the jar, then rammed it all the way up
Alexa's rectum. Alexa let out a low grunt but otherwise didn't flinch much. Jake worked his
finger in and out of her tight asshole until he felt it was stretched enough to start with the butt
plug. Then he placed the tip of the first tapered ring against her anus and began to push. The first
ring plopped into her rectum without much resistance. Her asshole was now stretched around the
one inch diameter shaft and the first tapered ring was firmly lodged in her rectum. Jake began to
push on the plug again. This time there was a little more resistance. He heard Alexa give another
low grunt, and the second tapered ring plopped into her rectum. Her asshole was now stretched
around the one and a half inch shaft. He immediately started pushing again and Alexa started a
low whispered whining. He imagined the pressure of the two and a half inch diameter, tapered
ring was causing her quite a bit of pain as the pressure built against her beautiful pink ass hole.
Suddenly he heard her grunt again, and the last ring plopped into her ass. The plopping sound was
so loud, Jake was afraid that maybe the guard had heard it. He listened for a few seconds and
decided no one had heard it. Her asshole was now stretched around the final, two inch shaft.
Jake pulled on the butt plug pretty hard and it didn't come out. The last ring was lodged firmly
in her tight rectum and it was going to take a strong pull to get it out of there. Alexa now had
eight inches of butt plug up her ass, lubricated with itching gel.
Jake motioned for her to stand up.
He and Heather watched as Alexa straightened back up. At first she was standing awkwardly
with her back arched and her butt sticking out. Jake almost laughed when he realized she looked
like she had a stick up her ass.
With what looked like great effort, Alexa finally squeezed her ass cheeks together as hard as she
could and returned to a semi-normal posture. He and Heather could barely see the end of the butt
plug squeezed tightly between her ass cheeks. 
She tried walking back and forth before them. At first she looked very awkward, Jake could still
tell she had something shoved up her ass, but as she walked back and forth a few more times, she
managed to start walking in a semi-normal way. Jake realized he was very proud of her and was
loving her more every minute. He looked into her eyes and tried to tell her how proud he was and
how much he loved her, with his eyes. She managed a weak smile.
Jake's booming voice once again broke the silence. "Okay, girls. Grab your enemas and dildos
and lets head to the leather display."
Jake led the dildo laden girls around the corner and into a big room full of whips, paddles,
straps, harnesses, clips, and chains. He noticed that this room didn't seem to scare Heather as
much as the dildos did.
Jake's deep voice once again cracked through the silence in the quiet store. "This is the
discipline room, my lovely slaves. All slaves must be punished from time to time and we will buy
lots of toys for me to punish you with. I will let the two if you pick out every item here. We will
be buying an ass paddle, a tit whip, and a pussy crop for each of you. Then we will outfit you with
nipple clips, clit clips, and labia clips. But first, we are going to outfit you both with slave collars.
Go over to the wall and find a nice collar that fits you. My only order is that they be the kind that
have the wrist straps on the sides. Make sure the collar is the most comfortable one you can find.
You will be wearing it most of the time from now on."
Jake watched the girls walk over to the collar display. Alexa was still walking a little funny and
her ass was twitching and squeezing quite a bit. The itching lubricant was doing its job. Heather
seemed more at awe in this room than she was scared. Maybe she had a leather fetish or
something. Jake decided he would have to investigate that a bit.
In a few minutes Alexa returned with a pretty, red padded, collar. It had padded wrist straps on
the sides. Jake smiled at her, as he buckled the collar around her neck. It fit perfectly.
Heather seemed to be torn between the padded style, and the very uncomfortable unpadded
type.
Finally she walked up to Jake holding one of each type collar, and whispered near his ear. "I
can't seem to make up my mind, Uncle Jake. I know that the smart thing would be to take the
padded collar, but for some reason I just love the feel of the hard leather one against my skin.
What should I do?"
Jake smiled. He was now sure she had a leather fetish, although she had no idea. "Hmmmm, why
don't we buy you one of each, then. You can wear the hard one because you like it the best, and if
it gets too uncomfortable I will let you change to the padded one."
"Oh, thank you so much, Uncle Jake," she whispered. Then she kissed him on the cheek and
gave him a big smile.
As Jake proudly buckled the hard black collar around Heather's beautiful neck, he realized the
girl was showing almost no embarrassment that her tits were exposed to him. Maybe she would
learn faster than he had imagined.
Jake led the girls over to the paddle display. "I want you each to pick out a leather ass paddle.
Remember, this will be the paddle I use to punish your naked ass cheeks."
Again, Alexa returned quickly, carrying a padded red paddle, but Heather was having trouble
deciding again. 
Jake walked over to her and whispered. "What's the matter? Can't decide again?"
Heather's sweet breath tickled his cheek as she leaned close and whispered again. "Well, I know
that the smart thing would be to get a bigger padded one like mom did. But . . .  I seem to really
like the feel of the hard thinner one. I realize the hard thinner one would probably hurt a lot more,
but for some reason I just like it better. Can I get one of each again, Uncle Jake?"
"No, not this time." Jake answered. "You are right. The hard thin one will hurt a lot more and
you know it. If you choose it, you will be choosing to feel more pain when I spank your naked
ass. It's totally up to you."
Heather looked from one paddle to the other back and forth for a few minutes, then quickly
grabbed the hard thin one and handed it to Jake. He knew now, that she had a tremendous leather
fetish, and that he could easily use it to his advantage.
Jake turned and led the girls over to the rack of "cat of nine tails" whips. Heather was eagerly
following him now. Alexa was having a little difficulty, her ass cheeks twitching even more as the
itching got worse.
Jake's voice thundered again. "These are the "cat of nine tails" whips. I will use it to punish your
naked tits. I suggest you pick the softest one you can find. Your tits are much more sensitive than
your ass."
Again, Alexa quickly twitched her ass over to Jake carrying a soft leather whip. And again,
Heather was having problems making a choice. Jake would offer no help this time and she knew
it. For a few minutes he was worried that she would pick the very hardest one that would cut her
beautiful young tits to ribbons, but she finally handed him a hard leather whip that had the edges
of the leather straps rounded. It would make worse welts than the soft one, and hurt a lot more,
but it wouldn't cut her.
Jake smiled, then turned and led his two beautiful slaves across the room to the display of
leather pussy crops. The crops were similar to a riding crop. They had a round leather handle with
a flat piece of leather folded over at the end. The pussy crop was just a much smaller version of
the riding crop. When the folded over leather at the end made contact, the two pieces of leather
slapping together made a much louder sound, fooling the slave into thinking her pussy was being
whipped much harder than it actually was.
"These are the pussy whips, my slaves," Jake said. "They are mostly made the same and all of
them hurt just as badly as the next. As you can imagine, the whipping of your naked pussy can be
very painful indeed. Please choose the color you want and bring it to me."
It didn't take long for Heather to decide this time, and soon she was eagerly handing a black
crop to Jake. Alexa chose red again.
Jake turned, and led them over to a wall filled with clips. He quickly showed the girls the three
sections he wanted them to choose from - nipple clips, clit clips, and labia clips. All of the clips
were equipped with adjustable springs, so Jake could make them as painful as he wanted. Within a
few minutes, both women had chosen some very nice clips of each variety. Jake grabbed a hand
full of each style they had chosen in case some were lost or damaged.
They were finally done, and they needed to get out of there as fast as they could. Alexa was
having a harder and harder time walking normally, as the itching got worse.
"I think we are finished, girls." Jake's voice was full of joy and praise. "You have done a
wonderful job of choosing your slave implements. Now, I want you to start hauling all your items
up to the nice lady at the cash register. I will be up there in a few minutes to pay for it all."
Jake quickly pulled both of the girl's shirts down, and helped load their arms with enemas,
dildo's, and whips. Then he watched as both girls waddled out of the room under the heavy load.
As soon as the girls disappeared around the corner, Jake walked over to the leather harness
rack, quickly grabbed two pussy thongs, large and small tit harnesses, and stuffed them in his
pants. The pussy thongs consisted of a leather belt and a thin leather strap that buckled in the
front and back of the belt. The strap was run between the slaves legs, and between her pussy lips.
The strap could be adjusted as tight as you wanted with the buckles. When it was pulled very
tight, it could be very uncomfortable as it was pulled up between the slaves pussy lips and across
her clit and asshole. The tit harness was a wide leather strap that buckled in the back. There were
two cut outs in front for the tits to be pushed through as the buckle was cinched tighter. Jake was
definitely going to use Heather's new found leather fetish to his advantage.
Jake walked up to the counter and found both girls beet red with shame and embarrassment
from having to bring all the sex toys to the lady at the register. They looked so sexy in their short
tee-shirts. Everything was going as planned.
Jake's loud voice struck once again. "How much did you hit me for girls? I bet it's gonna cost
me a bundle to pleasure the two of you with all those enemas, dildos, and whips."
Jake smiled as the two girls turned even redder with shame and humiliation.
The cashier turned to Jake and said, "That will be one thousand eight-hundred forty-six dollars
and thirty-one cents, sir."
Jake whistled and said, "Wow, these ladies sure have some expensive nasty habits, don't they?"
Then he handed the cashier a platinum credit card with a smile on his face as he watched the
girls squirm in shame.
Jake wasn't nervous at all as they walked toward the front of the store where the guard was. He
knew that if the guard noticed that Alexa had the butt plug up her ass, he could probably give him
a few thousand dollars to keep him from calling the cops. But, the girls didn't, and they were so
nervous they were both shaking.
Jake was letting the girls carry the heavy sacks of goodies because he knew it was a good cover
for Alexa walking funnily. As they neared the guard, Jake looked at him and said, "Almost two
thousand dollars worth of sex toys. These women might just be too nasty!"
Jake could still hear the guard laughing when they got in the van.

                                                                     6

After the sacks of goodies and the girls were safely tucked into the van, Jake jumped into the
driver's seat, turned to look at the girls, and stuck out his hand. At first they both just stared at his
hand not knowing that he wanted, then Alexa pulled the tee-shirt off over her head and laid it
across his hand. Heather seemed nervous and embarrassed again, now that they were back in the
van, but she slowly took hers off too, and handed it to Jake. God, she was even more beautiful in
the bright sunlight.
Jake placed the shirts back in the console and pulled out of the parking lot. When he looked into
the mirrors, he noticed that Alexa was looking very uncomfortable and squirming her ass in the
seat.
Jake looked at her in the mirrors and said, "Alexa, you look very uncomfortable. I know your
asshole is itching like crazy. Get back into the position you were in when you masturbated for us."
Jake watched the mirror as she took off the slippers, laid back against the side of the van, drew
her knees up, and spread her legs as wide as she could. The butt plug was still firmly in place. He
could see her red-rimmed asshole stretched tightly around the two-inch shaft. Her cunt was
flowing with pussy juice. Most women don't realize that pressure inside their rectum, such as a
dick or a big dildo, causes their vagina to lubricate profusely. Even though it was her rectum that
was being invaded and not her vagina, the woman's brain still sent a message to her vagina telling
it to lubricate because it was being penetrated.
Jake spoke in a soothing voice. "I notice your cunt is still flooding with pussy juice, Alexa. I
guess the butt plug is really getting you excited huh?"
Alexa looked at Jake in the mirror with eyes full of something near worship. She was really
getting into the slave master thing. "Well, something has me all turned on," she said. "I'm not sure
if it's the butt plug, or the itching, or the fact that I am totally naked and spread wide open in
front of you and my daughter. It might be a combination of all of them."
Jake spoke in a soft gentle voice. "I want you two to know that I am very proud of you. You
both passed your first trip out in public as slaves with flying colors. I also want you to know that I
humiliated and embarrassed both of you on purpose in there. Part of a slave's learning process
must be humiliation and degradation. All of your lives you have believed that you were equal to a
man. This is not true. Women are here on this planet for one reason - to please men. In order to
change you, in order to make you into good slaves, I must make you realize that you are lower
than any man. In order to make you feel lower and know this, I must humiliate and degrade you."
 Jake hesitated to let his words sink in, then continued. "Even though all women are inferior to
men, all women are not equal. Many slaves become Mistresses. That puts them above other
slaves. Even though the Mistress is still a lowly slave to her Master, she is also a Master to his
other slaves. Our situation is perfect for this relationship. Since you are already Heather's mother
and have power over her, it will be much easier for you to be her Mistress, Alexa. Alexa, I am
now elevating you to the position of Mistress over Heather. Heather, this means not only do you
have to obey my every command or face severe punishment from me, but you must also obey
every command from your mother, or face punishment from me and/or her."
Jake looked into Alexa's beautiful eyes. "Do you accept the position of Mistress over Heather,
Alexa? It means you will have to really be her Mistress. You will have to punish her at times, as
well as give her orders to do sexual acts."
"Yes, I accept the position, Master." Alexa quickly replied.
Jake beamed a smile in the mirror. Alexa was really becoming a true slave. She was realizing her
true position in life, and beginning to enjoy it.
Jake spoke in a firm voice. "This does not mean that Alexa is any higher to me than she was,
Heather. She is still my slave. I will still punish her, and degrade her as much as I do you. This
only means that she is now your Mistress as well as I am your Master. Alexa just called me
Master, and that is good. Our relationship is at that point now. From now on both of you will
refer to me as Master at all times. Fail to do this and you will be punished. Heather you will not
only address me as Master, you will also address Alexa as Mistress from now on. Fail to do this
and your mother or I, will punish you. Do you slaves understand and accept this?"
Alexa answered immediately. "Yes, Master, I understand."
Heather was whimpering again, but managed to speak in a shaky voice. "Yes, Mmmmmaster, I
understand, too."
Jake's voice boomed through the van again. "Wonderful, my beautiful slaves!" 
He looked at Heather in the mirror. "Heather, how is that hard collar feeling? Is it getting
uncomfortable yet? Do you want to change to the padded one?"
Heather put her hand up to the collar and seemed to almost go into a trance. "Uhhhh, no
Master, it isn't bothering me at all so far."
"Good!" Jake boomed, "And how are you feeling about showing me your naked tits and wet
panties now? Is it getting any easier, or does it still embarrass you?"
"Well, I am still embarrassed," the girl answered in a soft, sweet voice. "But, I don't think it's as
bad as it was. I think I am more embarrassed about being naked in front of the both of you, than I
would be if it were just one of you. The thought of being naked in front of my mother and my
uncle at the same time, is still shameful to me, but I know it shouldn't be. I know you both love
me very much and are just trying to help me. I am trying as hard as I can to believe that I was
born to be a slave. It's just the naked and sex parts that I am having trouble with. I know that
both of you are my Masters, and I would always have done anything either of you told me to do.
Mom seems to be able to accept being naked and having sex in front of us so easily. I just don't
understand why I can't."
Jake spoke in a gentle, soothing voice. "Well, I understand why you are having trouble, and so
does you mother. It's because you have never had sex and because you are so young.
Your mother has had sex with many men. She has had two children. She has been naked in front
of many men, and probably even more than one man at a time. Understand that I am not cutting
your mother down. Women were made to please men, and your mother has pleased many men.
Your mother is poor and you are poor because your mother never found the right Master, until
now. She has had many men over the years, but never a Master. Now she has one, and you have
one.
I will make a bet with you. I bet that before this day is over, you will willingly show us your
naked cunt and asshole."
Heather spoke with a scared, shaky voice. "May I speak, Master?"
"Yes, Slave," Jake answered.
"Are you going to hurt me until I beg to take my panties off for you?"
Jake smiled and answered in a reassuring voice. "No, sweetie, I would never whip you or torture
you in order to make you do something. Now, if I told you to take your panties off and you
refused I would punish you, but then it would be too late for you to take your panties off and you
would receive the punishment regardless of whither you took them off or not. But, I made a deal
with you and I will never tell you to take your panties off. I told you that you could keep them on
until you decide to take them off for us, until you want to show us your naked cunt and asshole. I
will keep my word on that.
"Heather's face broke into a beautiful smile. "It's a bet then, Master!"
Jake smiled. "Heather look at your mother. Do you see that she is squirming her ass around
from the terrible itching caused by the lubrication? Do you see that her beautiful, naked, cunt is
gushing pussy juice?"
"Yes, Master," Heather answered.
Jake continued. "Your mother is very uncomfortable, Heather. She needs some relief. Do you
want to help her?"
"Oh, yes Master!", Heather answered. "But, what can I do to help her? Do you want me to take
the plug out of her?"
Jake answered in a soft voice. "No, Heather. I want you to climb in the back and look in her bag
of toys. Get the big red dildo with the little rubber spikes all over it. The ten inch long, two and a
half inch diameter one."
Jake watched as Heather climbed over the back of the seat and began rummaging around in
Alexa's bag. God, she was beautiful! When she came back over the seat, she had the huge, red
dildo in her hand and tried to hand it to Jake.
Jake spoke in a firm voice. "No, Heather, just hand me the end of the cord so I can plug it in the
van's adapter. You keep the dildo."
Jake saw a knowing look flash through Alexa's eyes, then shame and embarrassment washed
over her and maybe a little fear. Normally, she could handle the dildo without too much pain, but
with eight inches of butt plug up her ass it was gonna be a very, very tight fit, indeed.
Jake plugged the cord into the adapter and said, "I want you to help your mother now, Heather.
What she needs is a giant, multiple orgasm. That will give her the relief she needs so badly. She
needs to come for the next thirty minutes, until we get home. By that time, the effect of the
itching lubricant will begin to wear off. It only lasts two hours."
 Jake spoke in a firm voice. "I am going to tell you what to do with the dildo, Heather. If you
fail to follow my orders, you will be punished severely when we get home. But first, I want you to
buckle your mothers wrists into the straps on her collar. I don't want her getting her hands in the
way if she feels pain at first."
Jake watched as Heather bent over her mother and began buckling the straps around her wrists.
Alexa moved her hands up in order to help her trembling daughter. Heather's  hands were shaking
in fear and shame at what she was having to do.
When Alexa's wrists were secured in the straps, her hands were secured to each side of her
neck. Her elbows were pointing forward. If she tried to pull her hands out, she would choke
herself with the leather collar.
Jake could see that both girls were scared and ashamed of the act they were about to perform.
He spoke in a firm, commanding voice. "Turn the knob on the dildo to the low vibration setting,
Heather."
He watched the girl turn the knob and saw the surprise on her face as the huge dildo came to life
in her hands. "Now, I want you to begin rubbing the end of the dildo up and down your mothers
cunt, Heather. Make sure that each time you start just at the top of the butt plug and end at her
big clit. Each time you get to her clit, pause and count to ten, then move the dildo slowly back
down to the butt plug."
Jake watched as the trembling girl slowly placed the end of the dildo just above the butt plug.
The head was now resting at the very bottom of Alexa's gushing slit. Then the girl began to slide
the head up the red slit until it was directly over Alexa's giant, swollen clit. He could tell that
Heather was silently counting to ten.
Alexa suddenly sucked in a breath of air so sharply that he and Heather both heard her and then
arched her back. Her eyes glazed over and she began to pant as the girl slid the head down and
back up to the giant clit again.
"Turn the knob to the medium setting," Jake commanded.
As Heather cranked up the vibrator Alexa bucked her hips forward, trying to press her clit into
the head of the dildo as hard as she could, and flushed red with shame. A long low moan escaped
her lips.
"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!" She was totally out of control and she knew it.
Jake watched her buck, hunch, moan, and groan for a few minutes, then said, "Now, I want you
to slowly, but firmly, push the head of the dildo into your mothers cunt, Heather. She may feel
some pain, but do not stop pushing until the head is inside her."
Heather took the hilt of the dildo in both her trembling hands and began to push. Normally,
Alexa's cunt lips would have stretched downward and upward and the dildo would have slipped
in much easier, but with the big butt plug in her rectum her vagina could not stretch as easily. The
butt plug was pushing upward on her vagina while the dildo wanted to push downward in order to
gain entrance.
Alexa began to moan and cry out in pain as the girl pushed harder and harder on her cunt. For a
few minutes Jake though maybe it wasn't going to go in. He was just about to tell the girl to stop
pushing for a minute, when the huge head of the dildo disappeared inside the beautiful red cunt.
"Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!", Alexa screamed in pain. Then Heather began to cry.
"Turn the vibration knob to the high setting." Jake ordered.
Jake saw the girl turn the knob, then the look of surprise in both girls' eyes. The dildo was
vibrating so hard he could see Heather's hands vibrating, and Alexa's clit was actually moving
back and forth from the vibration! Her cunt seemed to be stretched to the point of ripping, around
the huge dildo. The little rubber spikes were digging into her cunt lips.
Suddenly, Alexa's eyes glazed over and she began to moan with pleasure. She was driving her
hips forward, trying to shove her cunt further onto the dildo.
"Push the dildo into your mother, all the way to the hilt, Heather. Do not stop pushing until the
ring above the handle is pressing on her cunt. I want the full ten inches in her, and I think she does
too!"
Jake's big cock was about to burst the zipper on his pants as he watched the girl slowly push the
dildo deep into her mother's beautiful, hot, hungry, cunt. Alexa's tongue was lolling out of her
mouth and she was moaning like a bitch in heat. 
"Now, I want you to hold the dildo firmly in place, Heather. Your mother will ride it while you
hold it still."
Jake watched in awe as Alexa began to ride the dildo. She was hunching her hips in and out with
wild abandon. Moaning and screaming with pleasure as she forced her cunt up and down the
huge, vibrating dildo. The small rubber spikes made it a ride of sweet pain. Alexa was coming
every two to three minutes, riding the dildo insatiably.

                                              (To Be Continued in part Two)




                                                      Jake's Slaves
                                                         Part Two
                                                              7
Jake pulled up to the house with a big smile on his face. It was going to be a
great day!
Alexa was still humping the big dildo her daughter was holding when Jake got out
of the van.
He was anxious to get in the house. There was just not enough room in his pants
for the four leather items and his big dick. Something had to go.
He opened the side door of the van and said, "Okay ladies, that's enough fun for
now, remove the dildo, release your mother's hands and lets start hauling all
this stuff into the house." He moved around to the back, opened the door, and
grabbed an armload of video cameras.
After he dropped the cameras off in the living room, he headed straight for his
bedroom to drop the thongs and harnesses in a drawer. He came back into the
living room to find both girls struggling to get their bag of goodies in the
house.
Alexa was walking like she had a stick up her ass again - legs spread, back
arched, butt jutted out, but she wasn't twitching anymore. The itching had
stopped.
"Listen up, girls," he ordered. "There will be deliveries here today and
tomorrow. Your robes are in the closet in the foyer buy the front door. Never
put them on unless I tell you too, or if the doorbell rings. If you are outside
when a truck pulls up don't panic, just casually walk into the house and put
your robe on. These guys deliver slave products and accessories. They know the
people who order this stuff are naked a lot. They are a very discreet company.
If they weren't, they would soon be out of business."
Just then, a big truck with the name Zebo Electronics pulled up outside. "Oops!"
Jake exclaimed. "I forgot about the monitor guy. Get your robes on girls."
After helping the driver unload the nine, thirty-two-inch, video monitors and
the two video editing consoles, Jake ushered him back to the truck and came back
into the living room. He now had all the video equipment he needed.
He was pleasantly surprised to find both girls had taken their robes off and
hung them back in the closet. Heather was so young and beautiful it almost took
his breath away, and Alexa looked so sexy standing there naked with her legs
spread and ass jutting out because of the butt plug.
Sweet little Heather raised her hand and said, "Can I speak, Master?"

 "Of course," Jake answered. "You can speak anytime you want when we are not in
public, sweetie."
She continued. "May I use the bathroom please? I need to pee pretty badly. Mom
went in the store, but I didn't."
"Sure," Jake answered. "Let me show you to your bathroom. You come too, Alexa,"
Jake led the way down a hall, past the den, kitchen, and three bedrooms, and
entered a giant bathroom. The house was only one story with a basement, but it
was big. It had five bedrooms, three bathrooms, living room, den, study, dining
room, and breakfast room. It had a large patio, swimming pool, and hot tub off
the den.
"This is your bathroom," he said. "There are two toilets, two bidets, a large
shower, and a large deep bathtub. There are disposable douches, tampons, body
lotions, deodorants, colognes, and bath oils in the closet. This one is for you
and your mother."
"Oh, thank you, Master," Heather exclaimed. "It's beautiful!"
Jake smiled. He was standing just outside the bathroom. Heather walked up to the
door arch looking puzzled. "What's the matter, Heather?" he asked.
She answered in a confused voice. "Errrrr, there is no door on this bathroom."
"Oh!" Jake smiled. "There is only one door inside the house now, the door to my
bedroom and bath. I took all the other doors down last night and stored them in
the garage. Slaves are not allowed to have privacy at any time. A slave has
nothing to hide from her Master at any time. Everything about her belongs to
him, even her bodily functions."
 Jake continued, "I know that you are still embarrassed for me to see your naked
cunt and asshole, so you are probably embarrassed to pee in front of me. Soon
you will be peeing, shitting, taking douches, taking enemas, and using tampons
as I watch. But, until you are ready to show me your naked cunt and asshole, and
I have won our bet, I will leave you a little privacy.
Make sure and use a bidet after you pee or shit. It's the thing that looks like
a toilet but has no toilet seat. Just squat over it and push the button on the
wall. A nice warm stream of water will shoot up from the bottom and wash your
rectum and vagina with a safe, antibacterial cleaner. That is an order."  Jake
saw a look of wonder and relief on her beautiful face as he turned to walk back
to the living room.
Another truck drove up, just as Heather and Alexa returned from the bathroom.
Jake was surprised that it was the truck delivering all the tables and chairs.
It wasn't due until tomorrow morning. The girls quickly grabbed their robes and
put them on.
Jake directed the driver and his helper to put the boxes of tables and chairs in
the rooms where he would be using them. He and the girls would take them out of
the boxes later.


As the truck drove away, Heather said. "Master, I saw a giant swimming pool and
a hot tub in the back, when I looked in the den after I peed. I used the bidet,"
she quickly added. "Can I go swimming or use the tub when we have some spare
time? I love to swim! Please!"
"Of course!", Jake answered. "There is a small problem though. No one can get in
the pool or tub, unless they are totally naked. Even I must go in naked. Clothes
and swim suits, wreak havoc on the filtering and heating systems."
"Oh," she said, disappointment in her voice. "Well, maybe soon then."
"I sure hope so, sweetie!" Jake replied.
Jake saw another big truck pull in the driveway. "Oops there's the torture
truck, girls!"
Both girls said at the same time, "TORTURE TRUCK?"
Jake laughed. "Well, he is delivering the hanging stands, and the X-frame I will
be strapping you to when I whip you. He also has a nice box of chains and straps
for me. The name of the company is Torture Inc." Both girls looked a little
frightened as they hurried to get to the robes in the closet.
Jake had the driver and his helper put the boxes in the large bedroom in the
farthest corner of the house. There was no furniture in that room. It had a high
ceiling and a plain linoleum floor over the cement slab of the house. The frames
would need a lot of ground support. Jake had put foil over all the windows in
the room to give it a more dungeon-like feeling.
When the truck finally drove away and the girls had taken their robes off, Jake
spoke with a firm tone. "It's time to get to work slaves. That was the last
truck. Heather you go make us some sandwiches while Alexa and I start setting up
the enema table in the basement. I know we need to get that butt plug out of
your mother soon, and she will want a good enema to clean her out. Just bring
the sandwiches and some drinks to the basement when you are done. You will find
all you need in the refrigerator and cabinets in the kitchen. The door that
leads to the basement is down the hall from the kitchen."
Jake noticed that Alexa had flushed red with embarrassment from her head to her
chest when he had mentioned giving her an enema in front of her daughter, and it
pleased him. He also saw a feint hint of lust in her eyes.
Jake and Alexa carried three cameras and tripods, three monitors, and five
spotlights to the enema room, while Heather was making the sandwiches. Alexa was
doing rather well considering she still had that big, butt plug up her ass.

When Heather arrived with the food, they had all the cameras, monitors, and
lights set up. The cameras were mounted on tripods and running. One was set up
to cover the whole room. Another was set up to cover the whole enema table. And
the last one was set up as a closeup where her ass and cunt would be during the
enema. The monitors were hung on tall stands where they could be raised or
lowered from the ground to eight feet in the air. The spotlights were also on
adjustable stands and set up to light the table from all angles.
They all stood around the big box that contained the enema table as they ate the
sandwiches. They were all ravenous. It was 1:00 P.M. and they hadn't eaten all
day.
Jake looked around the enema room, as Heather left with the empty dishes. It was
perfect. It was the biggest room in the basement; thirty feet long, by
twenty-six feet wide. There was a big drain right in the middle of the room and
the cement floor sloped toward the drain from all directions. The slope was much
steeper near the drain. There was a double sink on one side of the room along
with a toilet and bidet. On the other side there was a faucet with a garden hose
and spray nozzle attached, and a large closet. Jake had intended to make a full
bathroom out of this room, but now he was thinking it would probably be the
enema room forever.
When Heather returned from putting the dishes in the kitchen, they started
opening the giant box that contained the enema table. As the last remains of the
box were taken away, the two girls stood trembling in fear as they inspected the
wondrous instrument. It was made of stainless steel bars that were amazingly
adjustable, small padded sections that could be moved to almost any position,
and straps galore. There were slidable, adjustable straps all over the dam
thing. It was very easy to tell there were two main positions for giving enemas
while keeping the slave totally strapped down and immobile.
The main position would be with the slave on her back at about a thirty-degree
angle. Her arms would be strapped down above her head. Her waist would be
strapped to the small padded section that just ran the length of her back. Her
butt would be hanging in mid air. Her knees would be pulled up to her chest and
her legs spread as wide as the Master wanted, due to the adjustments. Her
thighs, calves, and ankles would be strapped to the stainless bars that ran
along the outside of her legs. There was a sloped pad at the top of the back pad
that would keep the slaves head lifted so that she was looking straight ahead.
There was also a strap available to hold the slaves head in place.
The second main position was with the slave on her left side. This was a good
position when the slave would be forced to hold very large amounts of liquid in
her intestines for a time. The slave would be supported by two pads one under
her side and one under her legs. Her butt would still be hanging in mid air and
totally accessible. Her hands would be strapped together behind her back. Her
neck would be strapped to a pad along with her waist. The thigh, calf, and ankle
of her left leg would be strapped to the L-shaped pad for her legs. She would
end up in a fetal position on her left side. Her right leg could be strapped to
her left leg, or it could be raised high and strapped to the strategically
placed bars that would spread her. There were four stands for holding enema bags
and nozzles, two on each end of the apparatus.

Jake spoke to the trembling girls. "Okay, Slaves, go get your enema bags and
nozzles and bring them down here."
Alexa's face was filled with dread of the enema she knew was in store for her.
But, she quickly turned and headed to get  her enema bag and nozzle. Heather was
still standing there, trembling.
Jake spoke in a stern voice. "What's the matter Heather? I ordered you to go get
your enema bag and nozzle."
Her voice was quivering as she said, "You told me I didn't have to take my
panties off until I wanted to show you my naked vagina and rectum. How are you
going to give me an enema with my panties on?"
Jake laughed loud and long. "I am not going to give you an enema right now, just
your mother, but I want you to get your bag and nozzle down here, so we can hang
it on one of the stands for future use."
A look of pure relief spread over the girls beautiful face as the beautiful,
eighteen-year-old girl turned and almost ran to get the bag and nozzle.
                                                                      8
When the girls got back with their enema bags and nozzles in tow, Jake spoke
again. "Alexa, you hang your bag and nozzle on the top right stand. Heather, 
put yours on the bottom left stand. There are two small stools in the closet
over there that you can use to stand on while hanging the bags."
Jake watched as Heather almost ran over to the closet and grabbed a stool, while
it took Alexa quite a bit longer to waddle over with the butt plug in her ass.
When the girls finally had the bags hung and the giant nozzles clamped in place,
Jake's booming voice filled the room. "Good jobs, slaves! I want to tell you
what is expected of you now and how this procedure will work.
As you can see, there is a big drain right at the foot of the table. When Alexa
expels the liquid and shit from her rectum, it will all run into the drain very
quickly. Sometimes the slave will also piss when shitting.  Heather will be
using the hose over there by the wall in one hand, and a bottle of the
disinfectant in the closet in the other hand. The disinfectant is very strong,
so wear the rubber glove and the rubber boots in the closet, Heather. It will
also aid in dissolving the turds so they can easily be washed down the drain
with the hose. As your mother shits and pisses  in the floor, use the hose to
wash the turds and piss into the drain, then pour the disinfectant all around
the drain where the shit and piss landed and wash it into the drain also.

Use the hose to rinse your mother's bottom. After she has expelled all the
liquid each time, you will spray her asshole and cunt, then I will wash her with
anti-bacterial soap, then you will rinse her again. An enema isn't very sanitary
to say the least, but we will try and make it as sanitary as possible."
Heather was whimpering either in fear of what was to come for her in the future
or for her mother. Alexa looked ashamed and humiliated. Her eyes were downcast.
She looked sad to say the least.
Jake continued. "Alexa, go over to the closet. There are many  two quart bottles
of enema soap in there. Get three of them and fill your enema bag."
Jake watched as Alexa waddled over to the cabinet and got the soap. She looked
so dejected and ashamed that he almost felt sorry for her. A tear rolled down
her face as she stood on the stool and began filling the bag to the brim. When
she was done, the bag held a gallon and a half of the enema soap. The enema soap
was a mixture of distilled water and a very mild soap made especially for
enemas. It caused mild cramping, but was really great for clearing all the shit
and mucus out of the intestines.
Jake's voice was commanding and stern. "Get up on the table Alexa, it is time
for your enema. I know you must need to shit terribly after wearing that butt
plug all day."
Alexa was sobbing as she leaned back on the back pad and put her arms above her
head. Seeing her mother crying was causing Heather to cry even louder, also.
Jake, used the two sets of straps to secure her arms and hands. Then buckled the
big strap around her waist. "Pull your knees up to your chest," Jake ordered.
Alexa quickly pulled her knees up until they were almost touching her big tits.
Even through the tears she was being an obedient slave.
Jake pulled her knee and leg way out to the side until he saw her wince in pain.
Then he adjusted the stainless steel bars to conform to her thigh and calf and
strapped her thigh, calf, and ankle to them. He moved around to the other side
and pulled that knee to the side until he saw her pain,  then he set up the
bars, and strapped the leg down.
God she was so beautiful and sexy. She was spread as wide as a woman could be
spread. Her knees were pulled out and back so far, they were on the same level
as her tits. Her asshole and cunt were more exposed than he had ever imagined
they could be. The table was wonderful and Jake smiled with pride and pleasure.
Alexa was now crying like a baby and Heather was even worse.
"Why are you crying, sweetie?" Jake asked Alexa. "Are you in a lot of pain?"

"No, my legs are aching, but that's not why I am crying," she sobbed. "I am
crying because I know you wont like me anymore after you see me shit all over
the place. I want to be your slave forever, and you won't want me anymore after
I shit my turds out all over this room. I just know it. The last time, you let
me go shit in the bathroom after the first enema. You didn't make me shit turds
in front of you."
Jake smiled, and said in a soothing, loving voice, "You weren't my slave back
then sweetie. As I am now, truly your Master, I own every part of you; every
wonderful, beautiful part of you. Even your shit. I will love you even more for
shitting all over the floor, because I know you're doing it for me, your
Master."
Alexa stopped crying and managed a smile. "I love you, Master. I am still
embarrassed and ashamed to shit in front of you and my daughter, but if it's
truly what you want, and you will still love me, I am ready when you are,
Master."
Jake beamed a loving smile at Alexa and then walked to each camera and made sure
the adjustment was right. The first one that was covering the room, he moved to
a close-up of Alexa's beautiful, tear-streaked face. He made sure the second one
was still set on a full body shot of her, then he made sure the last one was
focused perfectly on her beautiful asshole and cunt. The three monitors were
placed in a position that everyone could see them, including Alexa.
Jake heard a gasp of surprise from the girls each time he turned on a monitor.
When he had them all on, he returned to his position beside the enema table and
almost gasped himself when he saw the pictures on the monitors. They were so
wonderful. There Alexa was, in all her glory. Her beautiful face in a close-up,
her sexy-nasty cunt and asshole in a very detailed close up, and the full body
shot that showed it all. The monitors were huge and the colors and detail were
brilliant. Of course the high quality cameras had a lot to do with it also.
Jake spoke to the girls. "The monitors are wonderful aren't they. What you see
on them is exactly what the people that buy the films will see. Every detail of
Alexa's body is so clear. Her cunt and asshole will be stars, viewed by
thousands!"
Jake noticed that Alexa was almost crying again. Her hole body was beet red with
shame and embarrassment.
Jake continued. "I know that you are embarrassed and ashamed Alexa. It must be
terribly humiliating and degrading to know that thousands of people are going to
watch you shit in full color and I know it's disgusting that you have to watch
the whole ordeal in a close-up on the monitors. But, that is what your Master
wants. I want your shame, degradation, and humiliation on film. That is what
sells. Do you understand?"
Alexa managed a weak smile as she whimpered, "Yes, Master."
Jake returned her smile. Then he had a wonderful idea.
"I will be right back, ladies," he said. "I need to go get a few things before
we begin."

Jake came back into the room carrying a small table, Alexa's medium sized dildo,
plain anal lubricant, and her ass paddle. He also had her clit and nipple clips
in his pocket.
Both girls looked scared and on the verge of tears again as they saw what he had
with him.
Jake spoke in his stern, Master's voice. "I hadn't planned on it, but since this
is the first scene we are shooting for the films I think it should be much more
than a plain enema. Alexa needs to introduce herself to her fans with orgasms,
pain, and an enema. She will also be proving that she really does want to be my
slave forever. Being my slave includes a lot of pain, pleasure, degradation, and
humiliation."
 He looked into her fearful eyes and said, "Are you ready to begin, Alexa?"
Alexa managed to fill her eyes with love and whimper, "Yes, Master."
Jake took the clips out of his pocket. "Do you remember that I put clips on you
in the first film we made?"
"Yes, Master," she sobbed.
"Well, those clips were almost fake. The springs were so weak that they caused
almost no pain at all. These clips have adjustable springs. I can set them from
very easy, to the point where they draw blood. I'm going to set them at about
three quarters full strength. The pain will be excruciating but they wont damage
you. They could make your nipples and clit a little tender for a bit, though."
"Are you ready for the clips, Slave?" Jake asked.
"Yes, Master," her voice was filled with fear.
Jake opened the first nipple clip until the jaws were wide enough to fit her
huge, hard nipple. Then he placed it over her left nipple and released.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" she screamed. "God, that hurts Master,
please take it off!" she begged. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Her screams of pain were music to Jake's ears as he opened the second clip and
placed it over her right nipple.
"Ahhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" she screamed again, as Jake released
the clip. "Please, Master!" she pleaded. "My nipples are going to burst!
Ahhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Jake waited until her screams died down to steady sobbing and took the clit clip
out of his pocket.
Alexa saw what he had, and started pleading between sobs. "Oh please, Master!
Don't put that on my clit. I can't take it!"

Jake leaned over the table, looked into her eyes with love and tenderness, then
spread the clip. The clit clip had bigger jaws than the nipple clip. They were
about an inch wide and would almost cover her whole giant clit. He spread her
pussy lips wide with the fingers on his left hand and placed the jaws over her
swollen red clit. Then he looked into her eyes with love, and released the clip.
Her eyes opened wide in surprise and then filled with delicious pain.
"Aahhhhhiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" she screamed.
"Aaaaaahhhhhhiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Jake walked over to the wall and plugged the long cord of the dildo into a
receptacle as Alexa continued screaming. Heather was crying like a baby in fear
for her mother.
He came back to the table and turned the dildo's vibrator knob on high. He could
feel the vibration in his bones.
As Alexa continued to scream in pain, he placed the tip of the vibrator on the
end of her clit that wasn't captured in the clip. The vibrator was amazing. Her
whole bottom was vibrating from the small contact with her clit. The clip was
literally dancing back and forth. Even her ass cheeks were vibrating.
Slowly, her screams of pain turned to screams of pleasure. It was a
metamorphosis of pain to pleasure. The screams never changed in volume. At first
there was maybe a little pleasure in a scream, but mostly pain. Then there was a
little more pleasure in the next scream. Finally she was screaming in pure
ecstacy as the pain and pleasure became one. Her orgasms seemed to last forever
as she jerked her hips against the straps, wave after wave of visible pleasure
went through her whole body.
As her orgasms grew in intensity, Jake grabbed the end of the butt plug and
began to pull. Just as she was reaching another orgasm, he jerked the first ring
out of her asshole and it slammed shut on the smaller shaft.
"Ahhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggg!" she screamed in ecstacy. "Oh, God! Oh, God!"
Jake waited for the next orgasm, which wasn't long, and jerked rest of the butt
plug out of her asshole.
"Aaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhhhhh!" she screamed as she bucked her hips and
came like a jackhammer.
Jake removed the dildo from her big throbbing clit, and Alexa immediately
collapsed and started panting. Her whole body was soaked in sweat and pussy
juice.

"Heather, spray your mother down with cool water from your hose," Jake ordered.
"She seems to have gotten a little hot. Cover her whole body with water, even
her face and hair. Wash all the sweat off of her. Then concentrate on her
asshole and cunt until she is cooled down enough to continue. I will get some
towels from the closet."

                                                                    9

When Jake returned with the towels Heather was still spraying her mother down.
Alexa seemed to be recuperating and she was wincing in pain again from the
clips. Heather had moved the spray to her cunt and asshole. The cool spray on
her cunt seemed to ease the pain of her clit clip.
Jake laid a towel on the table with the paddle and vibrator and began to dry her
face and hair as he looked into her eyes with pride and love.
"How is the pain in your nipples and clit, Alexa?" he asked as he continued to
dry her.
"It's still pretty bad, Master" she answered. My nipples and clit are throbbing
like crazy with every heartbeat, but I can take the pain for you.
"How was your orgasm?" he asked her. "I don't think I have ever seen a woman
come that hard."
"It was wonderful and scary at the same time," she answered in a questioning
voice. "The pain was terrible, so terrible I thought I might pass out. Then I
began to like the pain and it scared me. The pain became the pleasure and the
pleasure became the pain. I lost all control and thought I might die of
pleasure. I was coming so hard, I thought that it actually might kill me. I
couldn't breathe and my whole body was on fire."
Jake looked into her eyes as he was drying her upper body, with gentle strokes.
"Most women never experience an orgasm of pain," he told her. "A woman can never
truly know pleasure until she has experienced pain. When you mix the two, there
is no greater pleasure, no greater pain, and no greater orgasm. You and Heather
will experience many orgasms of pain within the next few months. You will also
experience orgasms with no pain, and pain with no orgasms. But, it all builds to
this, to the ultimate orgasm, the orgasm of pain and pleasure."
Alexa sighed, then looked into Jake's eyes. "I love you so much, Master. Thank
you for teaching me these things."
Jake smiled, then gently dried her lower body with the other towel. When he
finished drying her, he looked into her eyes again. "Are you ready for your
enema, Slave?"
Alexa blushed beet red with shame and said, "Yes, Master."

Jake took Alexa's giant, red enema nozzle down from the stand. He could see fear
in Alexa's eyes as he held it in front of her. The enema he had given her the
first time had been a walk in the park. The nozzle had been about four inches
long and a quarter inch in diameter. He had acted like he was giving her a
two-quart enema on the film, but the most she had held was one quart.
His stern voice boomed. "We will start with a two-quart enema, Alexa. I know
that's a lot when you have a full load of shit in your intestines, but I know
that you can take it. I will only insert the first ten inches of the nozzle for
the first enema. This enema is only to clean the shit out of you. Once you have
taken the full two quarts, I will remove the nozzle. There will be a ten minute
wait before you are allowed to expel the enema so that the enzymes in the soap
can work on the shit and mucus in your intestines. During that time, you will
experience the ass paddle, and the dildo. If you release the enema before the
ten minutes are up, I will get the pussy crop, take off the clit clip, whip your
tender clit with the crop, then replace the clip. Replacing the clip will be
just as painful as it was the first time I put it on."
Alexa spoke in a trembling voice. "Master, could I go take a shit before we
begin? I haven't shit at all today and I need to, badly."
"No, slave!" Jake answered. "I want you to hold all your shit, and the two
quarts of soap for me. Besides, the more shit that comes out of you, the better.
Many people with shit fetishes will be buying this film also. Do you understand,
Slave?"
"Yes, Master," she sobbed.
Jake could see the pure fear and shame in her eyes. A single tear rolled down
her cheek.
"Once the first enema is completed, I will release you long enough to set up the
side position table. Then I will strap you to the table on your left side,
insert the full eighteen inches of the nozzle into your rectum, and administer a
six-quart enema. I will then decide what to do during the thirty minutes you
will hold the six quarts before you are allowed to release it. The enema soap,
although totally safe, will cause cramping as it breaks down mucus and shit in
your intestines. This will make it even more difficult to hold the enema inside
you for any length of time."
Alexa was sobbing again as Jake put a glob of the anal lubricant on his finger
and rubbed it on her tender asshole. Then he began to insert the nozzle. It slid
in easily for the first three inches, then Alexa began to wince as the nozzle
made contact with the shit in her rectum. Jake had to push a lot harder to get
the next seven inches in her and she moaned and grunted the whole time.
Jake looked into Alexa's eyes with love and tenderness then reached up and
released the valve on the enema hose. At first, the warm water was soothing to
her gut, and Jake could see a little pleasure in her eyes. He looked up at the
bag which had twelve lines on the side. They were numbered one through twelve
for each pint. He noticed she had taken one pint of the four she needed to hold.

She started moaning at two pints. Jake thought maybe she was going to shit while
the third pint was flowing into her rectum, as she gritted her teeth, shut her
eyes and moaned even louder.
Jake noticed her ass cheeks were clenched as tight as she could get them, but
the straps and bars still kept her ass spread wide. As the fourth pint began to
flow, the muscles in her big ass were working overtime and looked as hard as
bricks. Her pretty red asshole was squeezing the nozzle like a vice. Her moans
were angry grunts, as she was fighting with all her might to hold her shit in.
Jake reached up and turned the valve off as the last of the fourth pint was
pumped into her intestines. Jake figured she must be going through hell, trying
to hold two quarts of soap and a full load of shit in her ass.
"Please, let me shit now, Master," she moaned. "I can't hold it, Master! It's
killing me!"
Jake answered in a gentle voice. "It's not killing you sweetie. It will cramp.
It will take all your strength to hold it in, but it won't kill you, I promise.
Now I need to take the nozzle out. I want you to squeeze your asshole shut as
tight as you can while I remove it. If you loose more than a few drips when the
nozzle comes out, I will be forced to use the pussy whip on you."
"I'll try as hard as I can, Master," she moaned through clenched teeth.
As Jake began pulling the nozzle out, her face turned blood red from the
pressure she was putting on her asshole. When the nozzle finally popped out, a
few drips of soap came out and Jake thought she was going to loose it all. Then
her asshole seemed to turn into a hard knot and she moaned even louder. The soap
stopped coming out.
"Good job, sweetie," he praised. "Your asshole is shut so tight, I don't think I
could get a needle in it right now. You only have to hold it ten more minutes
while I paddle your ass, and bring you to an orgasm and you are home free.
Remember, don't relax your asshole for even a second or you will loose it all."
"Oh God, Master," she moaned. "My guts are aching so bad I feel like I am going
to explode, there is no way I can come like this!"
"We will see, sweetie," he answered. "All you need to worry about is holding
your shit in for eight more minutes."
Jake reached down and grabbed the red leather paddle. She had chosen a padded
one so he would have to swing it pretty hard to make it sting enough. He began
to rub the paddle on her naked ass. He could tell she was enjoying the feeling
of the leather on her.
Whap! He drew back the paddle and popped her ass as hard as he could. Whap!
Whap! Whap!
"Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeee!" she began to scream as the stinging in her ass cheeks
became worse and worse. Her big butt had turned as red as the paddle.

Whap! Whap! Whap! Jake continued the paddling for two minutes enjoying her
screams of pain.
When he finally stopped, she was crying like a baby, but she was still holding
her shit in.
Heather was crying again from seeing her mother in so much pain. Jake made a
mental note to have Alexa whip her as soon as possible so the girl would stop
feeling so sorry for her mother when she was in pain.
Jake reached down and picked up the dildo. Alexa was still crying, but not as
bad.
"Now we get to see how nasty you really are Alexa," Jake told her. "If you can
come, with two quarts of soap and a full load of shit in your ass, you are the
nastiest woman I have ever met. I will be so proud of you, sweetie!"
Jake turned the dildo on high again. Then he began to rub it up and down her big
red pussy lips. He stayed away from her clit on purpose.
He continued to rub her pussy lips for three minutes. He could tell she was hot.
Her cunt was dripping wet again. She was moaning with pleasure and crying with
pain at the same time. Her asshole was still a tight knot, her ass cheeks as
hard as bricks. Jake looked at the clock on the wall.
"Only two minutes to go, sweetie," his voice was gentle and soothing.
Then he stuck the end of the vibrator to her big throbbing clit. He heard her
suck in her breath, then she started to moan louder. Suddenly her hips began to
buck against the strap and a long low moan filled the room.
"Aaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhh!" she was coming!
Jake saw her asshole opening and the first drops of soap begin to run out. He
removed the dildo and stepped back.
"Aaaaaaahhhhrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggg!" she moaned again as a big stream of soapy
water and shit gushed from her open asshole. She was still coming!
Jake had placed the table perfectly. Most of the water and shit were going
straight into the drain. Heather began to pour disinfectant and spray the floor
with the hose.
"Arrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhrrrrrr!" Alexa moaned loudly again as another orgasm
took her. Then she started to piss. A thick, yellow, geyser of piss erupted from
her coming pussy and began to hit the floor near the drain.
Heather was pouring and hosing like crazy as another stream of shit and water
gushed from her mother's open asshole.

Finally her intestines were empty, but she kept grunting and coming for at least
another two minutes. Jake watched her open asshole as she grunted and grunted.
It would curl outward and open wide, then suck in, then curl out and open wide
again. Jake could see a good two or three inches up her ass when her asshole was
wide open from grunting.
Finally she stopped coming, looked at Jake, and blushed red with shame and
humiliation. Then she started crying.
"Shhhhhhh, sweetie," he consoled her. "Don't cry. That was so wonderful! It was
the nastiest thing I have ever seen! You are definitely my Nasty Lady! My Nasty
Slave! I will never, ever let you go!"
Alexa looked at Jake with worship and love. Then she began to cry with joy.
Jake consoled her again. "Ahhhhhh, don't cry sweetie. Let Heather clean you up,
while I go get the pussy whip. You missed the full ten minutes by forty-two
seconds."
Jake reached down and quickly removed the clit clip.
"Aaahhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" Alexa screamed in pain as the blood rushed
back into her tortured clit.

                                                                     10

Jake returned to find Heather running a soft spray on her mother's clit to help
relieve the pain. He smiled, put the clit crop on the table, and walked over to
the closet to get a bottle of anti-bacterial soap.
Heather stopped spraying and Jake began to lather up Alexa's cunt and asshole.
Soon the white lather covered her from her navel to her knees. Jake looked into
her eyes and saw lust and gratitude. Jake stepped back and Heather began to
rinse her off.
As Jake dried her cunt and asshole with a fresh, soft towel Alexa spoke.
"Master," she whimpered. "Do you have to whip my clit? I'm so afraid that it's
going to hurt me bad. Will it make my clit so sore that I can't come for you
anymore? My clit is still throbbing from the clip."
Jake spoke in a gentle voice. "It will hurt a lot, sweetie. The pain will be
almost unbearable as your clit is probably the most tender and sensitive part of
your body. It will make your clit sore and tender. Your clit will probably swell
a bit, making it even more gigantic than it is now. But, it will be up to you if
you can still come afterwards. If you can embrace the pain, if you can learn to
love the pain that comes when you are pleasured, then you can come."

"Oh God, Master!" Alexa sobbed. "I will try my best. I know that you won't like
me anymore if I can't be nasty for you, and come for you."
Jake soothed her with his words. "I will love you forever, my sweet slave. Of
course I will be disappointed in you if you can't be my wanton, nasty, slut
anymore. But, I will always love you."
As Alexa started sobbing again, Jake found the jar of itching lubrication,
scooped out a giant glob with his fingers, and started to spread it over her
big, red cunt lips, and giant clit. The itching would be a small distraction
from the pain and the lubricant would also help protect her clit and cunt lips
from the leather crop.
Jake looked at Heather. She was so beautiful in her white cotton panties. Her
eyes were red from crying. Her long red hair was wet from the spray of her hose
when she was rinsing her mother. There were little sparkles of water on her
beautiful little tits. Then he noticed the panties were so wet in the crotch
that the weight of her juices was making them sag a little. An idea sprang to
his mind.
"Heather," he said. Take off the glove and boots. You won't be needing them
while I whip your mother's cunt.
When she had the boots and glove off, Jake spoke to her again. How is your
collar feeling Heather is the hard leather still comfortable?
"Well," she answered, "it's not actually comfortable, but I still like the feel
of it."
"Good!" Jake beamed a smile at the beautiful young girl. "Come over here and
lets put your wrists in the straps. Let's see if you like the feel of them too."
"Okay, Master," she beamed as she walked over to Jake and put her petite hands
up near the straps on her collar. Jake pulled the hard leather straps fairly
tight around her thin wrists and then fastened the buckles.
"How does that feel, Heather?" he asked. "I put them pretty tight, I think."
"Oh, they feel fine, Master," she beamed. "They are not too tight at all!"
"Great!" Jake smiled at the girl. "I'll let you keep them on until you need to
use the hose again. Let's test them to see if you are going to like them after
they are on a bit."
"Oh!" Jake exclaimed. "I almost forgot. I picked you and your mother up a
surprise present while we were in the store."
Her beautiful blue-green eyes lit up with delight. "Oooooooo, what is it,
Master?"

Jake looked over at Alexa. The itching lubricant was starting to work. She was
squirming her ass around as much as she could and her cunt was dripping wet
again.
"Let me go get it," he answered. "I'll be right back."
Jake headed to his bedroom and got the small tit harness and thong. On a whim,
he grabbed Heather's nipple clips on the way back and stuck them in his pocket.
When he returned, he held the two, black, hard leather objects up for Heather to
see. Then he walked over and focused a camera on the spot where she would be
standing when he put the harness on and another on the whole room.
He could tell the girl was excited, just because the presents were leather, but
a little frightened also.
"What are they, Master?" she asked. "More whips?"
"No, sweetie," he told her. "They are an outfit for you. I have one for your
mother too."
Her eyes lit up like a Christmas tree at the thought of wearing more leather. He
held up the tit harness.
"This is a tit harness," he explained. "It goes around your chest and buckles in
the back. Your tits stick out through the holes."
"Ohhhhh, neat, Master!" she exclaimed. "Can I try it on? What is the other
thing?"
Jake held up the thong. "This is a pussy thong. The belt goes around your waist,
and the thin strap goes between your legs and pulls up between your cunt lips.
It can be pulled up tight so you can feel the leather really good."
"Wow!" the girl swooned. "Can I . . .  errrrrrrrr . . .  Wouldn't I have to take
my panties off to wear that?"
"Yes," Jake answered. "I know you are very embarrassed about taking them off
though. Why don't we try the tit thong and your nipple clips for a bit first?
Maybe you will be ready for the thong later."
"Okay, Master!" The girl was smiling, then a look of fear came over her. "Did
you say nipple clips? Won't they hurt me bad like they did mom? I don't know if
I could take that? Do I have to wear the clips?"
"The clips go with the tit harness, Heather," he answered. "But, I won't put
yours as tight as I did your moms. Your nipples haven't matured yet. They are
still very tender. The clips will actually help to harden up your nipples. The
clips will hurt some, but not nearly as badly as they did your mom. You aren't
ready for that yet."

Heather looked at Jake with fear in her eyes. He could tell the leather fetish
was working hard on her mind. Either she would refuse the pain of the clips, and
he would have to force her to wear them or the leather fetish would win out and
she would accept the clips. He was betting on the fetish.
Finally the leather fetish did win. "Okay, Master," she said in a fearful voice.
"Please try not to hurt me too bad, though."
"Come over here to me," Jake ordered. His cock was throbbing as the beautiful
young girl walked over to him, trembling in fear. With her hands held up by the
straps at her neck, her beautiful young tits were jutting out at him.
Jake sat on the table so that his head would be about even with hers.
When she was standing directly in front of him, she was almost right between her
mother legs. She had a close up view of her mothers writhing cunt and asshole.
"Has a man ever touched your tits or cunt, Heather?" he asked.
"No, Master," she answered in a shaky voice.
Jake's voice was soft and gentle. "Well, I am going to touch you, sweetie. I
know you are nervous and embarrassed, but I have to touch you all over within
the next few months and now is a good time to get started."
Jake noticed the girl was shaking even more as he reached out and cupped her
wonderful little breasts in his big hands. God, they were so firm. He let the
nipples brush his palms as he gently squeezed them.
He heard Heather suck in her breath and began to roll the soft nipples between
his fingers. A little squeaky moan escaped her lips. The nipples began to harden
and he quickly took the end of her left tit in his mouth. The girl gasped in
surprise and started to step backwards, but he reached behind her and grabbed a
hand full of firm, young ass and barred her escape. He started running his
tongue all around her hard nipple and heard another whimpering moan. Jake moved
his mouth to her other tit and began to suck on the budding nipple. Then he
started kneading her plump ass through her panties. Even the ass of her panties
was soaked with her sweet cunt juice.
"Ooohhhhh, Uncle Jake," the girl moaned.
Jake stopped and leaned back. "I think your nipples are ready for the clips,
Heather. Let's get this harness on you first."
The girl stood there blinking as if in a trance for a few seconds. Jake thought
he had stopped just in time before she came. He didn't want that yet.

Finally she smiled and said, "Okay, Master."
The two holes were a little smaller than her beautiful tits. Jake placed them
over her breasts and held the harness in place while she turned around. Then he
drew the leather through the buckle in the back. As he pulled harder, her tits
started to bulge outward through the holes.
"Ouch!" the girl almost screamed. "That hurts!"
Jake pulled the leather a little tighter, and fastened the buckle.
"Oowwwww!" Heather moaned. "That really hurts!"
Jake turned her back to face him and said, "Is it too tight, sweetie? Do you
want me to take it off?"
"Nnnnooooo, Master," her voice was a low whimper. "I think I can take it. I love
the feel of the leather. It just makes my breasts hurt some."
Her small, firm tits were jutting straight out through the holes in the leather.
Her nipples looked as if they might burst at any time.
"Here, let me soothe them a little for you," Jake told her. Then he put his
mouth over her left tit and started licking.
"Ooooooo," she cooed. "That feels much better, Master!"
As Jake took the other tit in his mouth, he began to run his hands over her
thoroughbred ass and thighs. One hand began squeezing her wonderful ass and the
other squeezing her inner thighs.
"Oooooohhhhhhhh," she moaned. "That feels so good, Uncle Jake!"
Jake let the top of his hand make light contact with her wet panties as he
stroked her inner thigh. Then he felt the girl actually pressing her cunt
downward on his hand. Her legs were beginning to shake, and she was starting to
pant.
Jake stopped just before he thought the girl might climax.
His voice boomed through the room making the girl jump. "Let's get those nipple
clips on, so we can get started on your mothers pussy whipping."
Both women whimpered at the same time.
Jake took Heather's nipple clips out of his pocket and set the springs to a
little less than half of their full pressure. Then he opened the jaws wide and
began to roll Heather's right nipple between his fingers. When the nipple
hardened a little he released the clip on it.

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh," she moaned. "That hurts bad, Master!" A tear rolled
down her cheek and she started to cry.
Jake repeated the procedure on her other nipple.
"Ouch! Ooohhhhh!" she cried. "I don't know if I can take it. It's too tight!"
"Shall we take the leather harness and the clips off, sweetie?" Jake asked with
a knowing smile.
"No, Master," the girl replied. "The pain is easing up a bit, and I so love the
harness. I think I can take it."
"That's my sweet, slave girl," Jake praised. Then he reached behind her and gave
her ass a loving squeeze.

                                                                 11

Jake moved the cameras back into place for Alexa's pussy whipping then pulled
the stool over between her legs. He wanted to sit on the stool in order to have
a perfect angle to whip just her cunt.
Alexa was crying and shaking with sobs, but her cunt and ass were working
overtime due to the itching.  The cunt juice was literally flowing out of her,
running down over her asshole, and dripping on the floor.
Jake began to rub the strap on the end of the crop up and down her twitching
cunt lips. When Alexa started to moan with pleasure, he began to lightly whip
her cunt lips. The leather strap was long enough to cover the whole length of
her cunt below her clit.
Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop. Even though he was barely hitting her, the
two straps made a popping sound with each contact. The trick to pussy whipping
was not to do it too hard, and to swing real fast, so that there was no time for
the pain to ease before the next pop.
Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop. Jake never let up as he increased the
force of the swings a little and the popping got louder.
Alexa sucked her breath in between her teeth and began to groan in pain.
"Arrrrggggg, Aooowww, Ahhhrrrgggg, Owwwwwwwwwww," she groaned.
Jake softened the blows a bit and let the crop begin to land on her giant clit.

"Ohhhhhhhhh, Arrhhhhhhhgggggggg!" she groaned in pain. "It hurts so much,
Master!"
Jake kept up the easy stokes for a few minutes, until she started to moan in
pleasure instead of pain. Then he increased the force.
"Aawwwwrrrrrrrrr God!" she pleaded. "Please don't hurt me too bad!"
Jake increased the force of the blows even more. POP POP POP POP POP POP POP
POP, on and on, harder and harder until she started to scream. Then he kept the
force just where she had begun to scream. POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP
POP on and on.
"Ahhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! Aaahhhhhrrrrrrrriiiieeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
she screamed. "PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!!!
Aaaaahhhhhhhhiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!" Her eyes were bulging in her head,
sweat was pouring down her face, and she was having trouble catching her breath
between screams.
Jake finally stopped. Alexa continued to scream for another two or three
minutes, then she started bawling like a baby.
Jake looked at her big red cunt. The lips were slightly larger and swollen a
bit, but her clit was almost twice its normal, giant size. It looked like a
small penis resting at the top of her cunt. A bright red penis.
Jake stood up and walked around to her head. Then he bent down and began kissing
her tears away and rubbing the sides of her face with his big hands.
"Shhhhhh, Shhhhhhh, my sweet slave," he comforted. "I am so proud of you! You
have taken so much pain for me! I love you so much!"
"I love you too, Master," she whimpered. "How can you still love me? Look at my
clit, now! It's so ugly! It's too big! It looks like a cock! I don't know if it
will even work anymore! It hurts so bad!"
Jake looked into her eyes with love and said, "It's more beautiful than ever to
me, sweetie. I have no doubt that it still works just fine." Then he kissed her
full on the lips. She kissed him back passionately and sucked his tongue into
her sweet mouth.
After a few minutes, Jake broke the kiss and said, "Now, let me see if I can
sooth your aching clit a little and find out if it still works at the same
time."
He sat back down on the stool and buried his face in her cunt. First he lapped
between her big cunt lips, savoring the rich sweet juice. Then he began to lick
her giant, swollen clit.
Alexa flinched in pain, and cried out, but soon his soothing tongue was doing
its job. She started breathing heavy, then began to moan in pleasure.

Jake worked his big thumb between her swollen cunt lips and into her hot,
gushing vagina while still tongue lashing her tender clit.
"Arrrhhhhhhhhgggggggggggggg!" Alexa groaned with pain and pleasure.
Jake began to drive his thumb in and out of her hot hole as her moans and groans
increased in intensity. Then he started sucking on her giant clit. He could
actually feel it throbbing in his mouth.
"Arrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhgggggggggggggggggggg, YES! YES!" she moaned.
Jake could tell she was about to come. Her giant, tortured clit was throbbing
like a jackhammer in his mouth. He jammed his first two fingers all the way in
her asshole and began to work them in and out along with his thumb.
"UuuuuugggggggggggAaaaaarrrrrrrrggggghhhhhhh, OH GOD! OH GOD! I"M
CCCCCOOOOMMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGG," she grunted, moaned, and groaned.
Jake opened his mouth as wide as he could, trying to cover her whole cunt as she
came into his mouth. He drank and drank of her sweet nectar, as it gushed from
her hot pussy.
Jake looked up at Alexa's face. He had never seen a woman look so relieved and
happy before.
"Oh, thank you so much, Master!" she cried. "I was so afraid that I was ruined,
and you would not want me as your slave anymore!"
Jake spoke in a loving voice. "Did I not tell you that I would never, ever
permanently damage either on of you? I plan on keeping you as my slave forever,
and Heather as long as I can. Why would I damage something so beautiful and
sweet that I wanted to keep forever?"
Alexa was crying tears of joy. "I will never doubt you again, Master! I know
that I will be scared and ashamed sometimes, and that you will hurt me many
times, but I will never worry about permanent damage again. I promise!"
Jake spoke in his stern Master's voice. "Now, it's time to get you set up for a
very painful enema, my slave. I am going to release your bonds. Why don't you go
enjoy the hot-tub until I am ready for you? It will sooth your aches and pains a
bit. Take Heather with you, and release her hands. She can slip her panties and
harness off and get in with you. On second thought, rinse your panties out
before you get in the tub, Heather. Then put them in the clothes dryer in the
utility room by the kitchen. They are soaked with your cunt juice. I am afraid
if we don't wash them soon, they will fall off of you from the weight. They
should be dry by the time you get out of the tub. The nipple rings won't hurt
the system so leave them on. I will be in here getting things ready. Be back in
thirty minutes."
Jake unfastened Alexa's straps and both girls happily headed for the hot-tub.

                                                                  12

When the girls returned looking fresh as daisies, Jake had the table set up for
a left side enema.
Alexa had managed to get Heather's harness back on just as tight, if not tighter
than it was before.
Jake had started sweating while setting up the table and taken his shirt off. He
was dressed in black leather pants and mountain boots. He noticed both women
were staring at him.
Heather spoke first. "Wow, Master! I didn't realize you were a muscle man. Your
muscles are as big as the ones I have seen in those muscle man magazines. Of
course they shave all the hair off though, but I like the hair. I have never
seen a man as hairy as you though!"
Jake laughed. "Well they didn't call me "Gorilla" in the Marines because I ate a
lot of bananas."
Heather looked at him in awe. "Wow, you are a muscle man and Marine? Did you
fight in a war, Master?"
"Yes, two tours in Viet Nam," he answered with pride.
"Wow, that's just awesome!" Heather's voice was full of awe.
"I almost came back without my panties. Ask Mom! She tried to talk me into it
the whole time. The hot-tub was so wonderful! I want so badly to be able to be
totally naked all the time like Mom, so I can use the hot tub and pool a lot. I
just couldn't do it yet, though. I think maybe I can soon though. If I wasn't
shaved down there, I think it would be easier. It's just so all out in the open
now!"
"Yes, I think I will win my bet, before the day is over," Jake answered.
Heather blushed and smiled.
Jake turned to Alexa. She was looking at him like he was the most handsome man
she had ever seen. Her eyes were full of love, and lust. Jake realized she had
never seen him with his shirt off either.
"Time for your six-quart enema, Alexa. I want you to lie on the table on your
left side. Then pull your legs up until your thighs and calves are centered on
the L-shaped pads. You need to be on your left side for this one because I'm
going to shove the whole eighteen inches of nozzle up your rectum. It's easier
for the long nozzle to bend around the loops in your intestines when you are
laying on your side. You can also hold a lot more liquid when on your side."

Jake saw the fear and shame return to Alexa's eyes, which was good. Then she
slowly put her back to the table, jumped a little to get her ass up on it, and
laid down on her left side. She had a little trouble pulling her legs up toward
her chest to get them positioned just right on the L pad, but finally got it
done without falling off.
Jake had already positioned the camera's. One was a full table view, one was on
her face, and the last one was gonna be a closeup of her ass and cunt. He had
positioned all three monitors where Alexa could not see them.
Jake removed Alexa's slave collar, replaced it with the table strap, and she
started to sob quietly. Then he buckled the strap around her waist. With Alexa's
help, he bound her hands behind her back with the straps. She was crying openly
now and tears were running down Heather's face as well.
"Lift your right leg as high as you can, slave," Jake commanded.
Alexa slowly lifted her leg, and Jake quickly buckled the straps around her left
thigh, calf, and ankle. She was now totally secured. The only thing she could
possibly move was her right leg.
Jake already had the bars and straps positioned perfectly for her right leg. He
was going to need an assistant to get her leg up that high and get it strapped
in though. Alexa couldn't lift her leg that high in the position he wanted. Her
knee was going to be pointed right at the ceiling in order to get the maximum
spread of her ass with her on her side.
His voice boomed through the room. "Heather, get over here and help me. I need
you to lift your mother's leg up until her calf and ankle are even with these
straps, then hold it there while I buckle it in. It's a big stretch for her, and
it is going to hurt some, but it has to be this way so we and the cameras can
have a really good view of her asshole and cunt."
Heather walked over to the table crying. Alexa, seeing her daughter's distress,
lifted her leg as high as she could to try and help, but it was still a good
foot below where it needed to be.
Heather grabbed her calf and knee with both ands and started lifting her mothers
leg toward the straps. Jake saw Alexa's face scrunch up with pain as she moved
it higher and higher. She was trying her best not to cry out and make her
daughter feel bad. Heather finally got the leg high enough and Jake got the
straps around it, but just barely. As he cinched the straps up tight around her
leg, it lifted it even higher, and Alexa did cry out in pain.
Jake stood back to admire his work. It was a work of art. Alexa was on her left
side in a fetal position. Her right leg was spread way out and up and they had a
great view of her cunt and asshole. Alexa was crying like a baby now.
"Why are you crying, Alexa?" Jake asked. "Is your leg hurting that badly?"
"No, it's not that bad," she sobbed. "I am very uncomfortable but I can take
that."

"Then what is it, sweetie?" Jake's voice was full of concern. "Talk to me. Tell
me how you feel."
"Well, I feel silly for crying so much, but I can't help it," she sobbed. "It's
a combination of things I guess. For some reason, I feel more ashamed and
embarrassed in this position than I did on my back. It's more like being tied
down in a doctor's office and I feel much more helpless for some reason. Also, I
can't see you while you are working on me, and that bothers me a lot. I can't
see you and Heather back there at all. I can't see what you are doing to me. I
feel alone."
 She paused, tears running down her face, then whimpered, "It bothers me to have
to shit again, too. I know that you don't mind, but its just very degrading to
shit turds all over the floor in front of people for me. And," she whimpered, "I
know that giant nozzle is going to hurt me a lot. It hurt a bunch when you only
stuck ten inches of it in me. I am real worried that I can't hold six quarts,
too. I could barely hold two quarts and then I didn't hold it long enough and
you whipped my clit. I just know I won't be able to hold it as long as I need
to, and you will whip my clit again!"
Jake smiled. "Well, I can ease your mind a little bit, but you were right about
a few things and I can't change them. I can't do anything about the position. I
know it feels more degrading. It looks nastier to me, too. The nozzle will hurt
some going in. It's going deep into your intestines and it will cause some
cramping as it runs into the walls and has to curve through the loops inside
you. But, the last one hurt so badly, because you had shit inside you. You don't
have any shit inside you now, so the only pain you should feel is the nozzle
rubbing the walls of your rectum and colon. It won't be running into and having
to push through shit like it did last time. Which means, you don't have to worry
about shitting turds this time. Your rectum was cleaned out with the last enema.
And last, I am not going to whip your clit again, well at least not until it is
totally healed from the whipping it got today."
"Thanks for telling me all that, Master," she sobbed. "It helps some, for sure."
"Your welcome, Slave," Jake answered. "Now let's get on with this enema."
Jake began to rub lubricant up and down the full length of the eighteen-inch
nozzle. Then he started massaging some into her red asshole. He let his hand
move up to her cunt and began to rub his fingers up and down the swollen lips as
Alexa moaned with pleasure.
Then he rammed about eight inches of the nozzle up her rectum. She jerked hard
against the straps and screamed.
"Shhhhhhh," Jake comforted her. "We are just getting started. That was only
about six or eight inches of the nozzle. We still have about a foot to go." She
was crying again, and Jake smiled.
He slowly pushed the remaining two inches of the half inch diameter nozzle into
her ass.

His voice filled the room. "All of the half inch diameter section of the nozzle
is inside you now, Alexa. We only have five inches of the one inch diameter and
three inches of the two-inch diameter to go. It's going to get a little more
painful for you now, because the nozzle has to start looping through your shit
canals way up into your tummy. I want you to start grunting as hard as you can,
Slave. This will help me get the nozzle through the loops in your ass canals,
and it will open your asshole up so the one and two inch sections will go in
easier. Start grunting now!"
"Oh God!" Alexa cried. Then she started to grunt. "Urgggggggggggggggggg"
Jake watched her asshole. It was loosening around the nozzle, but wasn't opening
wide like it did when she was shitting with the other enema.
"I said grunt, Slave," he commanded. "Grunt like a pig! I want to see that
asshole open wide!"
Alexa's whole body turned red with humiliation, even her ass.
"Uuuurrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggrrrrrrrr," she grunted.
Jake saw her asshole curl outward and open around the nozzle.
"Good job! Now, keep that pig grunting up, until I say you can stop!" he
ordered.
"Urrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhrrrrrggggggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrr"
Jake reached between her legs, up to her belly, and started messaging deep and
hard. Then he began pushing on the nozzle. The one inch diameter popped in easy
and he pushed a few inches of it into her. He could feel the resistance as the
nozzle hit against the walls of her ass canal.
"Urrrrrrrggggghhhhgggghhhhhhgggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggg"
He pushed again and the last three inches of the one inch diameter section slid
into her.
"Urrrrgggggggggrrrrrrrrhhhhhhrrrrrggggggggggggggg"
Her asshole was staying wide open with her pig grunting.
Jake started pushing on the nozzle again. Her grunting was going to help, but
she could only open her asshole about an inch. He was going to have to work on
her with the butt plugs some more.
Jake pushed with all his might against her grunting asshole and the three inches
of the two-inch diameter nozzle slammed up her butt.
"Ahhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee." She screamed and started crying.
"Urrraaaeeeeggggeeeeahhheeeeeeeerrggggg" she grunted, screamed, and cried at the
same time.

Jake let her continue to scream and grunt for a few minutes after he had the
whole nozzle in her. He just loved the sound of a woman pig grunting! Then he
reached up and opened the nozzle on the bag.
"You can stop grunting now, Alexa. The full eighteen inches of the nozzle is
buried in your rectum."
Jake watched her asshole as she stopped grunting and started squeezing down on
the nozzle. She had a great asshole. She could open it wide, then squeeze it
down on a nozzle like a vice.
"Oh, God!" Alexa cried. "I can feel the water coming into me, its way up on my
left side, above my navel!"
Jake consoled her. "Yes, sweetie. The nozzle is very deep inside you. It has to
be in order to get the full six quarts inside you. A six-quart enema is almost a
record. Not many people can hold or give a six-quart enema. The slave must be on
her left side, and the enema must be given very deep. I have the valve just
barely turned on, so that the soap has time to stretch your intestines out
before moving toward your asshole. You will feel your insides start to fill in a
different place every few minutes, as one part stretches to its maximum and the
soap moves into the next lowest part of your intestines. It should move to the
right first, then down to the left again. Then it will move into your colon and
you will begin to feel the pressure on your asshole. You will need to keep your
asshole shut really tight, because the full pressure of the six quarts will
build and build until it all rests on your asshole. The pressure will be less
with you laying on your side than it would be with you on your back, though."
"Oh God," Alexa cried again. "Now I feel it moving to the right just a little.
How much is in me?"
"Just a little over a pint," Jake answered. "You still have eleven pints to go,
Sweetie. Take deep breaths and try to relax your tummy while keeping your
asshole shut tight. The more relaxed your tummy is, the easier your intestines
will stretch."
"Oh Lord, Master," she moaned. "This is terrible! I don't think I can make it!
My belly is starting to hurt!"
Jake tried to comfort her more. "That's mainly the soap cramping you as the
enzymes break down the mucus on the walls of your ass canals. The stretching
will cause some of the pain, but most of the pain will come from the cramping.
You can do it for me, sweetie, I know you have it in you if you try hard
enough."
"Oh God!" she sobbed. "I am trying! I want to hold it for you! How much is in me
now?"
Jake looked up at the bag. "Almost six pints, sweetie. Where do you feel the
water going now?"
"It seems to be right below my navel," she whimpered.
Jake's voice was gentle. "Good, Alexa. That means it's about ready to move into
your colon and rectum. Make sure and keep your asshole shut tight. The pressure
is going to get bad, soon."

"Oh Lord, it hurts!" Alexa cried. "I need to shit so bad now! My belly is
killing me!"
"That's just the pressure building on your asshole, sweetie," Jake told her.
"You have nine pints in you now. All you have to hold is three more pints. Hang
on, for me. The pressure is going to get worse."
Jake watched her asshole. It was clenching the two-inch nozzle like a vice. It
looked like an angry, red, rubber band. He put his hand on her ass. It was as
hard as a rock, from the strain.
"Oh please, Lord!" she blubbered. "Let this end! I need to shit so bad!" She was
crying like a baby now.
Jake spoke in his stern, Master's voice. "You can hold it, Slave! I know you
can! You only have one pint to go. Do not let go! That's an order!"
"Oh, Master," she cried. "I am trying so hard to hold it for you!"
Jake could see a little water leaking out of her asshole around the nozzle. Then
it stopped. She was going to make it. God, he was so proud of her!
He watched the soap level hit the one pint and knew she had almost six quarts
inside her. He let it drop until the bag was empty and bathed in her cries and
screams. Then he reached up and shut the valve off.
"Oh God, Master!" she screamed. I can't hold another drop! I think I'm going to
explode!
He spoke in a proud, gentle voice. "I am so proud of you, sweetie. I just turned
the valve off. You are holding the full six quarts inside your ass canals for
me!"
"Oh, thank God!" she cried. "Can I shit, now? Please, Master!"
"Are you sure that you really want to shit all over the floor in front of
Heather and me?" he asked.
"Oh yes, Master!" she begged. "Please, let me shit for you and Heather! I want
you to watch me shit in the floor! Please!"
"Well, I was originally going to make you hold the six quarts for thirty
minutes. But, since you want to shit so badly for us and all the people that are
going to buy this film, I will forget about the thirty minutes. You will have to
wait until Heather gets her glove and boots on and I get the nozzle out though."
"Oh God!" she moaned. "Please hurry, Heather! I need to shit so bad!"

Jake watched as Heather ran over to the closet, her beautiful tits bouncing up
and down, and started pulling the boots on. With tears running down her face,
she quickly put the glove on, grabbed the water hose and disinfectant, and ran
back to the table.
Jake's voice echoed through the room. "Okay, sweetie, Heather is back. I am
going to start pulling the nozzle out."
"Oh, thank God!" Alexa cried.
Jake started pulling on the nozzle. As soon as the two-inch diameter section was
out, the soap started coming out. He pulled the rest of the nozzle out as fast
as he could. It was like uncorking a dam. Her asshole opened at least an inch
and began shooting a steady stream of liquid toward the drain.
"Uuuuuggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhrrrrrr" Alexa grunted like a pig.
"Uuuuuuuuuggggrrrrrrrhhhhhhggggggg"
Jake loved to watch her asshole in action. The liquid was gushing out of her in
a one inch stream. Her asshole curled outward and opened even wider as she
started grunting like a pig.
"Grunt, slave!" Jake commanded. "I love to hear you grunt like a pig for me."
"Uuuuuuuugggggrrrrrrrggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrr" Alexa grunted over and over. Her
asshole was wide open for the world to see.
She kept grunting long after all the liquid was out. Jake loved that part of a
big enema. He called it the "asshole dry heaves." He watched with pleasure, a
big smile on his face, as her beautiful ass ring opened and closed, grunt after
grunt.
Alexa finally stopped grunting and settled into a low sobbing as Heather began
to rinse off her cunt and asshole with the hose.
Alexa whimpered a little as Jake washed her ass and cunt with the anti-bacterial
soap. Her clit was still very tender. Heather quickly rinsed the soap off with
her hose and Jake began to dry her with fresh towels.
Jake's voice was gentle and loving. "I am so proud of you, Alexa. I don't think
another woman in the world would have been able to hold six quarts for me. You
are becoming a perfect slave, sweetie."
"Thanks, Master," she sobbed. "That was the hardest thing I have ever done in my
life."
Jake spoke in a soft but firm voice. "I noticed that your asshole is opening
about an inch when you perform your best pig grunting for us. That's really
good, but it needs to be even more before you can take the four-inch diameter
dildo in your rectum."

"I'm sorry, Master," she whimpered. "I was grunting as hard as I could. I was
grunting so hard I thought my eyeballs were going to pop out!"
"I know, sweetie," Jake told her. "It's not your fault. You just need more time
with the butt plug in your rectum. We need to stretch your asshole out a lot
more before you can take the four-inch diameter. I am going to let you start
wearing the larger butt plug. I think you can handle the two and half inch
diameter one now. We will try it a while before we go all the way to the three
and a quarter inch diameter."
Alexa was sobbing even harder now. "Can I ask a question, Master?"
"Sure, sweetie," Jake answered.
"Are we going to ruin my asshole? I mean, are we going to stretch it so much
that it's loose all the time, open all the time?" she sobbed.
Jake smiled. "No, sweetie. You have a wonderful asshole. You can grip a nozzle
like a vice and shut it so tight it turns into a hard knot when the nozzle is
out. You will still be able to do that no matter how far we stretch it."
Alexa sighed with relief and her crying died down. "That's a great relief,
Master! Thanks so much! Are you going to let me off of this table? My legs and
arms are aching pretty badly."
"It won't be long now," he answered. I just need to insert your new butt plug,
then we are done with this table for a while.
"Ok, Master," Alexa whimpered.
"Heather, run get your mothers two and a half inch diameter butt plug out of her
bag. It's the middle sized one."
When Heather returned with the giant butt plug, Jake grabbed the jar of anal
lubrication and coated his fingers. Then he rammed his big middle finger up
Alexa's beautiful red asshole.
"Arrrrrhhhhhhgggggg" Alexa moaned.
Jake spoke with authority. "I am using my fingers to loosen your asshole up a
little before I start with the two and a half inch diameter butt plug, slave.
The last ring that holds it in your ass is three inches in diameter. This is a
pretty big step from the two-inch one you were wearing last time. It's the same
length though, only eight inches will be up your rectum. If you grunt, you can
help me get it in. Don't worry about shitting when you grunt like a pig. Your
intestines are totally clean now. You might not shit for days." Jake worked
another big finger into her rectum.
"Uuuuuggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr" she grunted.

Jake could feel her ass canal loosen around his fingers. He noticed her cunt was
dripping with juice again. On a whim, he drove his big thumb up her wet cunt
hole.
Alexa gasped, then moaned with pleasure. Damn, she was a hot bitch!
Jake took his fingers out of her butt, but left his thumb in her cunt. Then he
placed the end of the giant butt plug against her ass ring. "Grunt, sweetie."
"Uuuuuuuuugggggggggggrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggg"
Jake saw her ass ring curl out, then open about an inch. He pushed hard and the
two and half inch ring plopped into her rectum as her asshole slammed shut on
the two-inch diameter section of the shaft. He heard her groan with pain, then
moan with pleasure as he pumped his thumb harder in her pussy. Jake heard the
next grunt coming.
"Uuuuuuuuuggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhgggggg," she grunted like a pig.
Jake pushed hard again and the next ring slammed into her ass canal. He could
feel her hot cunt sucking on his thumb now.
"Arrrrrggggggggmmmmmmmmm" she moaned in pure ecstacy then grunted.
"Uuuuuuggggggggrrrrrrrrrggggggggggg"
Jake shoved with all his strength and the last ring popped into her rectum with
a loud plopping sound. Jake felt her hot cunt tighten even more around his thumb
as Alexa started to orgasm. Her asshole was a thin red ring around the two and a
half inch shaft. The plug's full eight inches was now firmly lodged in her
rectum.
"Arrrrrggggggaaaaggggggrrrrrrraaaaaaaahhhhhh" she moaned over and over.
Jake unbuckled her straps then gently picked her up in his arms and held her
close.
She buried her beautiful, sobbing face in his hairy chest and said, "I love you
so much, Master. I hope I am pleasing you."
Jake held her closer and said, "You are pleasing me more than you could know,
sweetie."
"Heather, take off your boots and glove, then meet us at the hot-tub,"he
commanded. "Your mother needs to sooth her aching ass and leg joints."

                                                                 13

Jake sat Alexa in the hot tub and turned to find Heather running toward them.
God, she was so beautiful. He could feel his dick growing hard again, and he let
it swell inside the tight, leather pants.
Heather pulled to a stop in front of him, looked at his crotch and gasped, then
blushed a bright red.
He heard a low whistle from the hot tub and heard Alexa say, "Geeze, Master! If
that is all cock, I don't think I have to worry about you stretching me out too
much with the dildos and butt plugs. Why don't you join me in the hot-tub? You
have been working hard all day. I don't think Heather has ever seen a man naked,
and it won't hurt for her to start by seeing a big, handsome man like you."
Jake smiled. Alexa was such a nasty bitch. She was becoming a perfect slave.
He looked into Heather's beautiful, embarrassed eyes. "Is that true, sweetie?
Have you ever seen a man, naked?"
"Well," she stammered, "I have seen them in Playgirl magazine. But, I have never
actually seen a man naked in person. I have seen my little brother, but I don't
think he counts."
"Well then, it's probably about time you saw a real, naked, cock," he told her.
"Would you like to see mine?"
"I sure would!" Alexa piped in from the hot tub.
Heather's whole body was now red with embarrassment. Her voice was quivering as
she said, "I must admit that I am curious. It looks so big in your pants and you
are a very handsome man, Master."
Jake moved to a spot where both women could see his crotch. Then removed his
boots and socks. His cock was hurting from the pressure inside his tight pants.
He slowly unbuttoned, then unzipped the leather pants.
Both women gasped in shock as twelve inches of hard, almost three inches thick,
hairy cock burst out at them. He wasn't wearing any underwear. He stepped out of
the pants and heard them gasp again as the saw his giant, hairy nuts. His nuts
were as big as goose eggs. The same woman with a measuring fetish, had once used
a measuring cup to determine that he could produce a full half a cup of semen in
one ejaculation.
"Well, what do you think, Heather?" he asked.
The embarrassed and shocked girl had trouble finding her voice, but finally
whimpered, "God! It's so big! I never knew a man's penis could get that big!"
Her eyes were locked on his cock as if a crowbar might be needed to turn them
away.

"And, Alexa, what do you think?" he asked.
Alexa's eyes were filled with pure lust as she said, "It's the most wonderful,
and amazing thing I have ever seen, Master! It's beautiful!"
"Thank you, Slave," Jake beamed.
"Do you want to touch it, Heather?" he asked.
Heather's voice was trembling. "Well, it is wonderful, but it's so big. I don't
think I could take it inside me yet, Master."
Jake and Alexa laughed at the same time. "I know you can't take it inside you
yet, sweetie. I will have to work on your cunt and asshole quite a bit before
you are ready for it. Just touch it. Put your hands around it. Feel how soft the
skin is and how hard it is underneath."
Heather reached out with her trembling little hands and gently encircled his
giant cock. Both hands could barely reach around it. Then she squeezed a little.
Jake was glad he had perfect control or he would have spewed come all over the
girl.
"Wow!" Heather whispered. "It's so hard! It's as hard as steel!" She moved her
hands up to the giant head. "The top is so soft and pretty."
Jake noticed the crotch of the girls cotton panties was already soaked with cunt
juice again.
"Alexa, how badly do you want to suck my cock?" Jake asked. "I have an idea, and
I do need to come. My nuts have been aching all day."
"I would love to suck your beautiful, giant cock, Master!" Alexa answered in a
joyous voice. "Can I swallow your come? I have never let a man come in my mouth,
but I love you so much that I want to drink yours!"
Jake's voice boomed with happiness. "Great! Come over here and take Heather's
harness and clips off, I have a great idea!"
Jake watched as Alexa slowly climbed out of the tub and waddled over to Heather.
She was having even more trouble walking with the bigger plug in her ass.
Heather winced as Alexa removed the clips, but since they weren't that tight,
the pain wasn't terribly bad.
When Alexa had the girl's harness off, he barked an order at her, "Get down on
your knees, Alexa." Alexa smiled and dropped to her knees in the soft grass.

Heather turned even redder with shame and fear as Jake grabbed her by the waist
and sat her astraddle his giant cock. She was facing him with his cock between
her legs. He looked down and was glad to see there was still plenty of cock for
Alexa to suck on sticking out past Heather's beautiful ass. His cock was
throbbing like crazy as he felt Heather's hot little cunt resting on the top of
his dick through her wet panties.
He walked over and stuck his cock in Alexa's face. "Suck, Slave!", he ordered.
Alexa put both her hands around his throbbing cock, next to Heather's ass, and
started to lick around the huge head.
Jake used his hands around Heather's little waist and started moving her cunt
back and forth along the top of his dick. She moaned and put her arms around his
neck crushing her beautiful little tits into his thick chest hair.
Jake felt teeth and looked down to see that Alexa had a good three inches of his
cock in her mouth. He was always amazed at how wide most women could open their
mouths.
He closed his eyes and started pushing Heather's pussy down harder on the top of
his cock shaft. She was working it back and forth all by herself now. Her
panties were getting wetter by the second. She started to moan and groan louder
into his ear and he immediately lifted her cunt up off of his cock.
"Oh God, Uncle Jake!" she cried. "Why did you make me stop? It felt so good!"
"Because you were about to come, and you are not allowed to come with your
panties on," he answered. He saw a smile in Alexa's eyes as she crammed another
inch of his cock into her mouth. The woman was a wonder.
"Can I just pull my panties to the side, Master?" she asked. "Then I won't be as
embarrassed."
"If you want to come on my naked cock, get down and take your panties off. Then
lay down in the grass and pull your legs up to your chest with your legs spread
as wide as you can so that your mother and I can get a good look at your naked
cunt and asshole. Then I will lift you back up."
"Oh God, Master!" the girl cried. "I just can't do that yet. I'm too
embarrassed!"
Jake easily flipped the girl around where she was facing her mother, and sat her
back down to straddle the shaft of his cock. Now, she could see her mother
sucking on his cock. He started moving her back and forth again.
Heather immediately started pushing down harder and sliding her pussy back and
forth even faster. Jake reached up, took her tits in his hands and began
massaging the hard, ripe nipples.
"Arrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggg," the girl moaned with pleasure. She seemed
captivated by the action of her mother's mouth on his dick.

Suddenly, she started bucking and arched her back. Jake immediately lifted her
up and stood her on the grass as his cock plopped out of Alexa's mouth. The
beautiful young slave was shaking with desire. Her whole body was flushed red.
Jake spoke in a gentle, loving voice. "That's all, unless you take your panties
off now, Heather. If I put you back on my cock again, I won't be able to stop
you from coming."
The trembling girl, looked back and forth from Jake to her mother, her eyes
silently pleading. Finding no sympathy, she whimpered and began to pull her
panties down with shaking hands. Her whole body was scarlet red with
embarrassment. As she stepped out of the white panties, a tear rolled down her
cheek.
Jake thought he might come all over the both of them as he stared at Heather's
beautiful, ruby red, hairless cunt. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever
seen. The lips were perfect. They looked like rose petals. Her clit was big and
beautiful. It looked like a miniature penis resting at the top of the rose
petals. Her hairless pussy mound was very pronounced. Ripe! So Ripe!
Jake's voice was full of praise. "You are indeed a work of art, Heather. I don't
understand why you have been so embarrassed. You should be so proud of that
beautiful cunt that you want the whole world to see it. I am so proud to have
not one, but two of the most beautiful women I have ever seen as my slaves. I
think only a mother and daughter could make such a perfect pair of slaves. Now,
lay down on your back, pull your knees up and spread your legs, sweetie. I want
to see your naked cunt and asshole spread wide open for me."
The beautiful young slave was whimpering in shame as she slowly lay down in soft
grass. Then, with much effort, she pulled her knees up to her chest and spread
her long legs wide.
Jake's cock was throbbing like a locomotive. It took all the control he had to
keep from diving on the girl and ripping into her virgin cunt with his giant
dick. She looked innocent and nasty at the same time. Tears were running down
her face, she was shaking in fear, her body was red with embarrassment, but
there was still a hint of lust in those beautiful eyes.  Her cunt lay open like
a blossoming rose. It was as red as a bright ruby. Her asshole was just as
beautiful as her mothers, but even redder. It looked so tight. Jake knew her
asshole was gonna take a lot of work. She was a gusher just like her mother. Her
beautiful, naked, hairless cunt was sopping wet with her sweet juices.
Jake spoke with admiration. "Aren't your daughter's cunt and asshole beautiful,
Alexa? I can't wait to give her first enema and start working her out on the ass
and cunt dildos."
Heather's eyes filled with fear and shame, and she started crying harder.
"Yes, Master," Alexa answered. "Her cunt and asshole are very beautiful! I can't
wait to help you start working on her with the enema and dildos!"

Jake reached down, picked the crying girl up by the waist as if she were a
feather, and sat her astride his throbbing cock once more. Alexa quickly took
his cock in her hands and rammed four inches of it down her throat.
He had Heather facing him again and she immediately buried her face in his hairy
chest, crying like a baby. He began to slide her hot, wet, virgin cunt up and
down the top of his cock. It felt like hot, wet, velvet sliding up and down his
dick. The girl's crying quickly changed to moaning and she began to push down
harder. Then she put her arms around Jake's neck and began to rub her beautiful,
ripe tits in the hairs on his chest.
"Arrrrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh" Heather moaned and began to pump her cunt
back and forth harder and faster. Her sweet cunt juice was pouring down Jake's
cock, balls, and even his thighs.
Alexa was sucking on his cock like a vacuum hose. Her beautiful eyes darted from
Jake's eyes to her daughter's ass, back and forth. When her eyes met his, he saw
love and pure, unbridled lust.
"Arrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhgggrrrrhhhh" Heather's moans were getting louder and
louder. She was pumping her hairless pussy up and down the top of his cock in
total abandon.
Suddenly, she arched her back, threw back her head, and looked into Jake's eyes.
He saw surprise, then love, then uncontrollable lust flash in her blue-green
eyes.
"Oh God!! Uncle Jake! Momma! Oh God! I'm coooommmmmiiiiiinnnnnnggggggggg!
Arrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!, she cried. Then she pressed her beautiful,
sweet mouth over Jake's, rammed her tongue down his throat, and moaned her sweet
pleasures into his mouth.
Jake let his heavy load gush into Alexa's beautiful mouth. She was ready, but
she still gagged some trying to swallow as fast as she could. Jake could feel
and hear her gulping and swallowing over and over. It was wonderful!
Jake opened his eyes and watched Alexa as she finished cleaning the last drops
of come from his cock with her tongue. Then he reached down with one hand,
grabbed her around the waist and picked her up.
With a beautiful, naked, slave under each arm, he ran toward the giant swimming
pool and jumped in. All three were laughing and giggling with joy as they hit
the water.

                                          (To be continued in Part Three)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Xodus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





