BDSM Library - Tit For Tack




Tit For Tack
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: James is a man is an knowledged sexual addiction to the love and abuse of the female body.  But in order to live out his darker fantasies he recurites willing males and females to perform for him.  He uses his wealth, striking good looks to assist him in satifying his growing needs to to punish and torture beautiful and young willing females.
Tit for Tack

By Nighthawk Blue


James sat in his chair with two naked beautiful creatures between his legs
tending to his always hard cock.  Sarah was massaging his balls with her full
lips and tongue while Sue was bobbing her head with one hand up and down on his
cock.  They were young, 19 and 20 respectively and willing to submit to needs,
demands and commands.

James had discovered long ago that there were many beautiful young things
willing to subject themselves to his perversions.  Starting at the tender age to
eleven there was Julie, the Becky and Carrie.  In middle school there had been
Tammy and KK, in high school there was Cindy, Kat, Jennifer and Jody.  In
college Linda, Jill, Beth, Laura, Diana and Virginia had helped him explore new
areas.  After he graduated and entered the work force Megan and Gretchen
submitted them selves willingly to his particular brand of sexual pleasure.

It has been two years since the untimely death of his parents in an auto
accident that had left him with a trust fund that no longer required him to work
for a living.  With the money and time he was now total consumed with his sexual
addiction.  An addiction that he long ago had admitted to himself  and, 
although it concerned him from time to time he had resolved that it was who he
was and he would not fight it.

One of the first things he had done with the money was to buy a house in south
Florida that had all the items he needed.  He converted the entire third floor
has his playroom filled with all the tools, entrustments, devices that he would
use to further his addiction.

James, now 28 was six foot four, well developed, dark complexsion with a square
jaw.  The type of looks that women would throw themselves at in the most open
and brash fashion.  His personality only added to his appearance making him
irresistible to any female he wanted and many he didn't want.

James had learned at an early age the effect he had on the opposite sex,
although as a youngster he did not understand it or the power it gave him. 
James loved the female body, all of it, from lips, hands, legs, arms, eyes,
nose, thighs ass.  His most favorite part was the female breast.  Over the years
he had become very particular as to the type of breast that he liked most.  
There were many different types and shape of breast that would get him going
there were several in particular that he would seek out.  Size was not a
particular requirement, rather the shape, texture of the skin and type of nipple
combined to create the type of breast that he desired.    He had descriptions
for the general shape of breast that he desired most.  There was the "pie"
shaped, the "tear drop" shape that were the two types that rank at the top of
his list.

From his very first experience, with Julie when he was eleven, he had developed
a particular desire in type of pussy that he liked.  Of course at the age of
eleven Julie's young pussy was bald, something that he would discover early that
he required in his females.  The second was nice plump labia, another trait that
Julie had.  The type of labia that would not be concealed behind the outer pussy
lips.  The kind that simply looked like they were eager to be touched and played
with.  As he grew older and began to better understand his own sexual desires he
would often require an inspection of the  willing female to see if she had any
of the required traits.  And if they did not would leave them without even
providing for any current sexual need.

The experience with Julie also taught him his desire to dominate females,
although he did not know it at the time, the domination of women the using and
abusing of their bodies would quickly make itself known to him as his most
favorite form of sexual expression.  Forcing women to do things, to accept
certain types of treatment what was turned him on the most.  During his college
years he discovered that he had a voyeur tendency and also desired watching as
much as acting out his fantasies.  He preferred females who would consensually
agree to  participate in the  darker fantasy that included the forcing of
subjects.  These fantasies were so dark that he was unable in many cases to act
them out directly.  He some found a safer way that he could live out those
fantasies.   He would advertise for women and/or couples to come and act out for
him a fantasy.  He found it easier to find women than couples so he recruited
two young college age males to  perform the male roles in his plays.  But from
time to time a couple, usually a boy friend girl friend would respond to his ads
and would perform various acts for his viewing pleasure.  The actors would be
paid according to the number and intensity the acts performed.

Today was just such a day.  Several days earlier a twenty year old male had
responded to the ad, stating the he could bring in two beautiful and willing
females to perform.  As part of the 'audition' the actors were required to come
and the females would be subjected to certain situations.  This provided James
the opportunity to access the women's submissive tendency and also to inspect
their bodies.  During this audition the complete list of acts, roles and
situations were provided to the actors along with the dollar value that each was
worth.  James did not wish to know which of the acts would be performed, he
wished to be surprised.  All he required in that regard was to be told prior to
the performance the expected total value of their performance.

Sarah and Sue were preparing James for the main act.  They would service him as
he desired during the act and he would use them to take out his building sexual
desire during the show.  James signaled Sarah to position herself for a
treatment.  Sarah got up and stood off to the side of his chair.  Placing her
hands behind her back she leaned forward, allowing her 36C breast hang in front
of him.   James slide his ass a little more off the edge of the chair and
pulling on Sue's hair dragged her back a little, so her tongue could how work on
his asshole.  Leaning back in the chair he admired the beauty in front of him. 
He them reach out and began to massage the soft warm tit flesh that was
presented to him.  With a signal to an unseen assistance, the stage lights came
on and the performance was to begin.

The assistants had provided the actor with all the tools and devices that he
required.  They would also go out to purchase any item that the actors requested
that could not be provided for from the inventory on hand.  That was a very rare
situation in deed.

The young man lead onto stage a young female who was blind folded and wearing a
white baby doll top and panties.  Her arms were bound behind her back and she
staggered and stumbled onto the stage.  James continued to need and massage
Sarah's breast with the occasional pinch of her nipples.  The young stopped a
move to his female, grabbing her hair and yanking it back it slapped her face
and called her a slut, telling her that she would be punished for her behavior.

James got some Vaseline and rubbed it on his cock then he instructed Sarah to
start stroking him with one hand while staying otherwise in her current
position.   The young man on stage then violently grabbed the young girls left
breast and squeezed it for all its worth.  The girl was well developed with 36D
teardrop shaped tits. The type that could handle a wide variety of abuse.  As
the young man continued the maul her left tit one could start to hear small
cries coming from the girl.  As her mouth opened to cry out more he spit into
her mouth and told her to take her punishment in silence or it would only be
harder for her.  She struggled to keep her mouth closed as he started to slap
her tits.   He placed one hand at the top of the baby doll shirt and with a hard
jerk he riped it off her exposing her beautiful young rack.

James did not require a minimum age limit for those who performed for him, the
only requirement he had was that the females meet most of his physical
requirements.  He also did not place a maximum age limit but did not want any
female that appeared to be too old.  The girl currently on stage could pass for
anywhere between the ages of 16 and 20.

With her tits now fully exposed he really started to slap her tits around, all
the while controlling her movements by yanking her head back by her hair.  He
was verbally assaulting her as well.  Calling her a slut, cunt, whore and
promising her that she would learn her lesson.  He let go of her hair and told
her stand still.  Standing in front of her he said, "you think these tits will
get you whatever you want don't you slut?"  The girl did not answer, to which he
responded by slapping her tits with alternating blows, left and right.  She bent
over trying to protect her young tits from the beating they were taking.  It was
the wrong reaction according to her punisher.  He simply continued to use open
handed slaps to punish her tits, making them bounce seduivly left and right, up
and down.

Watching the young blonde's tit treatment James started to get rougher with
Sarah's hanging tits.  Squeezing them with his left hand harder and harder, and
he started to slap at them coming up from the floor.  He did not take his eyes
off the stage, but he loved feeling his hand and fingers sink to the  soft
hanging tit meat of Sarah.

The young blonde on stage was now twisting and turning trying to avoid the
continue assault.  This completely pissed off the young man who handed her,
knocking her down to the floor.  He then signal off stage and one of the
assistants came onto the stage, picked up the young girl and carried her over to
the medical examination table.  They untied her hands and refasten them above
her head.  Her legs were strapped into the stirrups of the table and the
stirrups were spread open.  The young moved over to her and using a knife cut
off her shorts, revealing a smoothed shaved pussy with a single ring piercing
through her left labia.  When he finished cutting off her shorts, he faced out
towards James and said, sir this is my girl friend who I found sucking and
fucking with my best friend and my younger sister.  She is going to be punished
for her actions as is my younger sister who will be brought out here shortly. 
While I have completed the menu of items that you provided to me, I encourage
any participation you wish to involve yourself in at no additional cost to you.  
With that he left the stage for a moment and returned with another young female
that was assumed to be the younger sister he mentioned.  She appeared a little
younger than the first female and escorted on stage already naked  showing off a
tight young body with smaller pie shaped tits and a smooth pussy.

He moved her in place in front of but slightly off to the side of his table
bound girl friend.  He forced her to her knees, unzipped his pants and offered
his sister his cock.  She resisted the moving her head away from him.  He said
"what's the matter bitch I thought you liked cock or is it just pussy you like
to suck on now?"  He grabbed her hair with one hand and her jaw with the other,
moved in closer and rub his cock and balls over her pretty little face.

As the scenes on stage were growing in intensity, James' cock was leaking so pre
cum, as Sarah continue to stroke his cock the precum mixed with the Vaseline to
form a white thick paste.  He reached down and took Sue by both nipples and
pulled up on them.  When she did not move like he wanted he grabbed two handfuls
of her tit meat and sinking his fingers deeply into the soft flesh pulled her
out from under him where she had been licking his asshole.  He removed Sarah's
hand from his cock and told Sue to get up there and start sucking the cum paste
off his cock.  Sue moved into position and keeping her hands behind her captured
his cock with her mouth and began sucking the white sex paste.  James took her
head in the same fashion as the young man on stage had his sister's head and
started violent slamming her face up and down on his cock.  As he neared blowing
his load in Sue's working mouth, he pulled her off and pointed to Sarah.  Sue
knew what he wanted.  Sue got up and moved over next to Sarah, who turned her
head to meet Sue's approaching lips and tongue covered with the pre cum paste. 
Their lips and tongues meet and swirled around each other swapping back and
forth the fuck slime mixture.  James watched his two beautiful sluts share his
cum mixture as he took over the stroking of his cock.    Sarah and Sue were
becoming complete engulfed in there own sexual passion, as their hands started
to seek out the soft warm female flesh of the other.  Hands were fondling tits,
fingers finding their way into hot wet holes sliding in and out with increasing
tempo.  James allowed them to enjoy each other as his attention returned to the
stage.

The brother had finished rubbing his cock and balls on his sister's reluctant
face, and had dragged her by her hair closer to his strapped down girl friend. 
He told her "well if you won't  suck her brother's cock them you can service
Sally's cunt.  Grabbing his sister's ponytail he pushed his sister's face into
the spread open pussy of his girl friend.  His sister fought his effort, but he
was simply to strong for her and smashed her face into the swollen pussy in
front of her.  She continued to fight his efforts and finally he released her
saying "what's the matter sis, you were enjoying licking this cunt the other
day.  What maybe it needs a little tenderizing and seasoning for you? OK, not a
problem."  He push her back down and motioned again to one of the assistants who
brought to the young man a cane and a large syringe containing a white
substance.  He took both items from the assistant and laying down the syringe
moved back between his girl friends legs.  The assistant move to the head of the
examination table and made a couple of adjustments move the table so that the
young girls body was rotated moving her legs and bottom up higher than her head.

The brother looked over at his sister "pay attention now sis, I am preparing her
for you."
His sister did not look up but kept her eyes down to the floor.  The brother
used the cane placing it under his sister's chin trying to lift her head up. 
She again resisted, now he moved the tip of the cane down to her young sweet
tits and started to poke the tip of the cane into her tit flesh.  "Come now sis,
don't make me have to hurt you, raise your eyes and watch me tenderize this
sluts pussy."  With each word, each syllable he poked the tip of the cane into
his sister's tits, each time a little harder and pushing it deeper into your
tender breast.  She arches her back and rolled her shoulder forward in an effort
to minimize the attack.  Her efforts only increased her brothers' mood.  He
moved quickly over to his kneeling sister, grabbed her violently by her
ponytail, sharply yanking her head back thus making her thrust out her
beautifully young tits.  With the cane in the other hand, he began beating her
tits.  Lashing the cane down across her body, striking her tits and nipples.  As
her screams of pain increased her brother increased his shouting "You better
listen to me my little bitch slut of a sister or I'll hurt you so bad you will
not be able to stand it."  He continued to strike her tits with the cane, red
welts starting to appear criss crossing her chest and nipples.  He continued to
ask her if she was ready to obey him.  It appear to James that the young girl
was shaking her head yes, but her brother continued to cane her tits.  Finally
he stopped and dragged her back into position to watch him go to work on his
girl friends pussy.

The violent treatment being applied to the young girl's ripe body, was getting
to James, he loved it.  He instructed Sarah to get back between his legs and
service his cock and balls.  Sue, he had kneel at a right angle to him off to
his left with her hands behind her head and her tits offered to the whip.  James
leaned over and picked up and two stranded leather whip.  As soon as Sarah's
lips, tongue and hands were working his cock and balls, James started lashing
Sue's beautiful tits.  He loved watching the strands of the whip sink into soft
tit meat, loved watching the tit flesh give then rebound then give again.

Back on stage the brother now had the full attention of his sister, whose eyes
were fully glued to the spread pussy of her friend in front of her.  Using the
same cane that he had just used to beat his sister's tits, he used now to poke
and jab at the sweet bald pussy of his girl friend.  The cane's tip was sharp
and he used it to jab her labia, then aimed at her clit.  The poking and jabbing
of her pussy was causing the young beauty on the table to try and move her
exposed pussy out of the way but she was firmly strapped down to the table.  He
stopped the poking and jabbing abuse and raise the cane up bring it down hard
onto the unprotected pussy of his girl friend.   A loud ear piercing scream let
loose from the young girls' throat as her poor pussy was again to feel the stink
of the cane.  He was not being particular where between her legs he was hitting. 
He just continued to rain down blow after blow on her pussy.   It started 
turning red and continued to swell.  He looked over at his sister who was
keeping her eyes on the action.  He stops the torturous caning of his girl
friends pussy and moved back over to his sister.  He kneeled down beside her and
reached a hand under her running his fingers over her slit.  He brought his hand
back up, brought it to his nose and gave it a good sniff.  "Seems my little
sister is getting off on seeing her lover's pussy tortured, don't you sis?"  She
did not answer, "Answer me cunt" he said as he punched her in her right tit. 
The blow forced her backwards.  "Answer me or I put you up there and beat the
ship out of your pussy."  She replied "yes, yes you bastard, I love watching her
get her pussy whipped."

James was worked up into frenzy watching the action on stage and inflicting his
own punishment on his two slave sluts.  It was at times like this where James
could lose what control he exercised.   He had Sarah get on her back and spread
her legs.  He started alternating blows between Sue's tits and Sarah's spread
open legs.  Whipping them with hard lashes, while using his free hand to stroke
his cock.  He needed more, he grabbed Sarah's knees and pulled them back towards
him and over her head bring her pussy back up to him.  He had Sue move over to
hold Sarah's legs in place.  He reached into his tool box and pulled out a baby
bottle cleaning brush.  The brush had bristle on both ends.  On one end they
were longer and used normally to clean out the inside of baby bottles.  The
other end had fewer and smaller bristles used to clean the nipples used on baby
bottles.  The shaft of the brush was made of two pieces of twisted wire.  James
had bent the wire shaft so that each bristled ends were pointing in the same
direction.  His cock was twicded, Sarah had continued to massage  his balls and
stroke his cock as best she could from her position.  James stroked the Sarah's
raised pussy, pinching and pulling on her labia and clit.  He then pushed three
fingers into the gapping fuck hole and rammed his fingers in deeply.  Sarah had
stopped her work on James cock and balls, hanging somewhere between that
ultimate place where pain and pleasure combine to make one inseparable from the
other.  James removed his fingers from Sarah's tortured hole and pushed them
into Sue's waiting mouth.  Sue hungrily licked and sucked Sarah cream from James
fingers.  James them brought the larger end of the brush to Sarah's slit and
began scrubbing her pussy slit and clit.  Sarah began to howl.  James then
pushed the larger end into her pussy.  Driving it in deeply, then fucked it up
and down scrubbing the inside of her young pussy.  After several strokes, he
pushed it down and lined up the smaller end with Sarah's tight little asshole. 
He toyed with her for a second than drove it in her asshole.  He wiggled them
around in her abused holes.  His lust was at a fever pitch.  With the brush
abusing both of Sarah's holes, looked up at Sue and with a thin smile held out
three tacks.  He held them at the height of her breast.  Sue knew what to do,
and she slowly moved her tits toward the tacks.  James held them firmly between
his fingers and watch as Sue's tits move closer and came in contact with the
sharp points of the tacks.  Sue had let go of Sarah's legs and Sarah had rolled
over and was back using her mouth and hands to bring James to the edge.   Sue
paused as she moved her tits to the very point of the tacks.  She closed her
eyes as she held herself firmly and James pushed the tacks into her right tit. 
She pushed back against his fingers helping to drive the tacks as deeply as
possible in her soft tit flesh.  James kept pushing and pushing.  Sinking his
fingers and the tacks so that both disappeared in to her tit.
As he withdrew his fingers he released the tacks so that they stayed buried in
Sue's fuck meat.  With his fingers clear of her tit they both looked at the
colored heads of the tacks.  They appeared glued to her skin.  With his right
hand James grabbed Sarah's head and slamming her head down onto his cock till
she gagged, then thrust his hips up, to drive his cock deeper into her throat. 
With his right hand he started slapping Sue's Tacked Tit. Hitting it has hard as
he could.  Has one tack flew off Sue's tit James erupted into Sarah's mouth. 
James held her head in position while he shot stream after stream into her
mouth.   Sarah knew not to swallow, she tried her best to collect his cum in her
mouth.  Sarah knew that James would have additional plans for his cum, which she
would hold it in her mouth until James instructed what he wanted her to do. 
James had lost focus as to what was happening on his stage.  The brutal pussy
whipping the young girl continued to receive.

James had released the last drop of cum into Sarah's mouth, and despite his best
effort was not able to slap the last tack from Sue's right tit.  He pushed Sue
to the side so he could again see the stage.  The young man had finally put down
the cane.  The girls' pussy was red, swollen and bleeding.  He picked up the
syringe and grabbed his sister by her hair and dragged her over to his girl
friends badly beat pussy. "Look at now nicely I have tenderized her pussy for
you.  Now I'll add your favorite seasoning."  With that he lifted the syringe
and showed it to his sister, "500cc's of horse cum for you sweet sister, that
you can enjoy off your favorite plate."  With that he pushed the syringe into
his girl friends battered pussy and depress the plunger filling her cunt with
horse cum.  He them grabbed his sister head and pushed into the tortured cum
filled pussy of his girl friend and told her to suck it all out.  "If you spill
a drop I'll beat you with my cane you little cunt." His sister stuck her tongue
into the tortured pussy, closed her lips around the gapping cunt hole and suck
out the horse cum.  She soon was complete into the job at hand.  Allowing her
brother to move onto other work.  He moved up to the head of his strapped down
abused girl friend.  He whispered to her "your lucky I haven't cut off your clit
and tits bitch....next time it will be worst than anything I have don't to you
so far."  He reached out and started that squeeze, pinch and twisted her tits as
her boy friends sister continued to suck the horse cum out of her pussy.  He
whisper to her again "ok slut you may cum now, squirt your cunt juice into my
little sister's mouth, she love's it she needs it, maybe she will feed it back
to you."  The young bound blonde stiffened and arched her back and let out a
scream.  Her pussy contracted and let loose with a flood of pussy cream.  She
stiffened again and again, her cunt cum continue to shoot out of her pussy into
her boy friends sister eagerly awaiting mouth..  The contractions within her
cunt were so strong that the remaining horse cum was squirting out of her cunt. 
So much was flowing from her pussy that the younger girl try as she might could
not collect it all in her hungry mouth.  The mixture of pussy juice and horse
cum were dripping off her face onto her tits and the floor.  Her brother signal
a final time to the two assistant's just off stage.  They moved quickly onto the
stage and grabbed the young girl, picking her up with ease, the assistant in
front impaled her on his cock.  Driving his thick cock into her young tight
pussy.  The other assistant moved behind and started to push his cock into her
very tight virgin asshole.  They bounced her up and down on their poles.  She
was lost, a rag doll between them being fucked like never before.  The boy
friend took his girl friends head in his hands and turned it towards the gang
rape of his little sister.  His girl friend had not yet stopped the orgasm
contractions, but the sight of the beautiful young girl being violent fucked in
both holes made her cum again.  Now he moved between her legs.  Lined up his
cock with her abused fuck hole and in one motion slammed in to her.  She came
again and was on the verge of passing out, when Sarah came onto the stage moved
to her head, pried open her jaws and let James's cum drip slowly out of her
mouth into the young bound sluts mouth.  The young slut was lost in senses, her
tongue responded on its own to the taste of male cum and licked and sucked it in
has best it could.  Sarah then lowered her mouth to the young sluts open mouth
and stuck her tongue has far down the throat of the young slut has she could, to
get a final taste of James's cum.

All the action and the sight of the cum swapping in front of him, the young man
was ready to cum.  He pulled out of the tortured cunt and quickly moved up
beside the head of his delirious  girl friend.  Before he put drive his cock
into her mouth, Sarah's mouth was on his cock tasting the mixture of young pussy
juice and horse cum.  She forced his cock all the way down his throat, holding
it there until he exploded in to her.  Her free hand was working the bottle
brush that was still firmly embedded in her pussy and ass.  Just as the young
man delivered his cum Sarah yanked out the brush and was sent over the edge in
pure pleasure.  Her pussy shooting thick white pussy cream onto the floor.

The cocks raping the little sister were a sight to behold.  The poor girls had
lost all control, she didn't know if she was alive or dead, her eyes were
glassed over and still to the two big assistants continued to punish her two
little fuck holes.  They were also squeezing, twist, pinching and in all ways
abusing her prefect young ripe tits.  The assistant in front started beating her
tits with his fist like drums.  When they were close the lifted her off, threw
her on the ground, kneel above her and took turns fucking her mouth until they
both came, unloading stream after hot stream of cum into the unconscious girl
mouth.  When they were through they left the stage leaving her lying on the
floor with their cum drooling out of her mouth.

The action had James semi hard again.  Enough so that Sue was straddling him
facing the action on stage.  She was riding him hard, needing to get off
herself, she was grabbing and pulling at her own tits.  The right one still with
a single tack embedded in it.  She screamed in frustration, slamming herself
down onto James cock as hard as she could.  James was getting close to cumming
again, but realizing that Sue was needing some additional help to get over the
edge.  He reached into  a pocket on the side of his chair and pulled out an
item.  With his left hand he pulled Sue back on his chest by her hair, with the
tool in his right hand he put it to work.  The tool was a small U shaped item
covered with 1/2 sharp needles.  Having her pulled back on him he raised his
right hand and slammed the tool into her left tit, then her right tit and
finally just after he pulled out of her, into her pussy making sure he got her
clit.  She jumped, bucked , shook and screamed as she came, her right hand went
between her legs, clawing at her tortured clit and pussy, digging her finger
nails into the abused flesh.  She grabbed James cock and slammed her poor sore
pussy onto one more time and she shook again and her pussy shot her cream. 
Barely able to walk she lifted her self off his cock, fell to the floor between
his legs and took his cock into mouth to milk the last drops of his cum from him
and to taste her pussy juice has it dripped off his cock.

The show as over.  Most everyone could not move and needed a moments rest. 
After a while the three actors gathered themselves and helped each other down
the stairs.  At the front door James handed the young man an envelope filled
with $5000 dollars and three additional envelopes (one for each of them ) with
$1,000 in tip money.  He whispered into the young mans hear "maybe I you lend me
these two for a week or two."  The young man grimed  "I think we can work
something out."  And the threesome left.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nighthawk Blue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





