BDSM Library - Flogging Michiko




Flogging Michiko
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An intense torture session between master and slut where both participants have equal time to give their own perspective on events.
Flogging Michiko

This story was written with slave Michiko. I thought it would be interesting to
see a torture sequence from both points of view at the same time.



I have secured you tightly at the wrists with rough hemp ropes. Your arms are
drawn above your head by a pulley until you have to stretch on tiptoe to reach
the floor with your pretty feet.
Ropes around your ankles pull your legs apart - just enough to guarantee access
to your cunt and stop you kicking. You are not gagged -I like to hear screams
while I work.
You are still fully dressed, but looking round at the selection of knives,
hooks, needles, whips, clamps and heated irons you know your clothes will not
protect your body from the torment and ravishment to come.

This really makes me shiver in fearful anticipation of what is yet to come... I
fight against the ropes, my body held taut and in a rather uncomfortable
position. I am glad that I am still allowed my clothes. Even though I know they
offer not much protection against your instruments of punishment, they help me
to maintain my dignity. At least my body is not lewdly displayed for your
amusement and my punishment - yet! I am looking against your vast selection of
whips and clamps, shuddering when I see the hot iron, the hooks and needles, and
my throat is dry with fear. But since you haven't gagged me I try to beg for
mercy... you seem so decided to teach me a painful lesson. Will I be able to
stand it?
Keep begging - I like it when you beseech mercy! I walk around your body,
touching and stroking you wherever I like. As I stand behind you, my hands close
over your breasts, squeezing gently, kneading the firm flesh as if making bread.
My hands wander down your belly, past the waistband of your skirt to cup your
groin. You feel my breath against your neck and close your eyes in helpless
terror.
'Michiko, my dear. So nice to see you at last.' I whisper into your ear.
You beg to be released, promising me anything to spare the pain to come.
'I have your body now, Michiko. There is nothing you can offer that I can't
take...like so!' your blouse is ripped open and I pinch your nipples. The
webcams record every detail - close-ups of your face and tits, a wide angle
showing you tied securely in your restraints.
'Aahh!' The first yelp of pain as I crush your nipples between finger and thumb,
rolling the hardened nubs and pulling them away from your slender body.
You hear footsteps as I back away and select a whip from the wall. It has a
dozen lashes of plaited leather attached to a short handle. I drape the whip
over your shoulder, letting the hard leather caress your bare torso. The lashes
catch on your erect nipples and you know this is going to hurt as I move in
front of you, raise my arm and bring the whip horizontally across both your
breasts.
THWACK!
'Aiiee!'
I enjoy the sight of your breasts jiggling from the impact, a wide red mark
appearing with two or three welts where the lashes caught hard.
THWACCK!
'Aaargh! Oh, please, no more...'
What will you promise me to limit the number of lashes to an even dozen?
"No Sir.... Please don't!" I keep pleading, my eyes following your every move.
Your hands move over my body.... stroking and caressing my still dressed body,
but I know, these hands can give me as much pain as pleasure and I wonder what
is on your mind. I moan when you touch my breasts, feeling my nipples harden in
response and I hope that I can soften your heart. But your answer robs me of my
illusions, just as you rip open my blouse in a sudden movement, the pain when
you pinch my nipples hard replacing the soft caresses. I arch my back, my pleas
louder, more urgent now. "Oh please, please don't punish me, I will be good, I
promise!"
I can see the red lights of the webcams and I wonder if this time you record my
punishment just for your own pleasure or if you transmit it to the internet
again, sharing my humiliation and pain with all those who like to watch a slave
writhing with pain and reminded of her submission...
You pull my hard nipples away from my body and I can't no longer suppress a yelp
of pain, but continue begging, especially when I watch you select a whip. My
breasts may not be very big, but they are very sensitive and I know how much
this will hurt.
The whip resting on my shoulder, the strands of leather touching my breasts seem
to mock me. I swallow hard, trying to prepare myself for the first lash, but as
always the pain comes suddenly, my body bucking against the restraints as the
sharp pain shoots from my punished breasts through my body. I beg louder now,
more urgently. "Please, this hurts.... don't punish me.... I will obey... I, I
will suck your cock without resistance, I promise!" You know how much I fear the
suffocating feeling when you fuck my throat, but right now my fear of further
pain is even bigger as I wait for your decision....
The whip curls through the air again and again, each stroke leaving a white-hot
streak of agony on your small, firm tits. Your skin becomes covered in red
welts, your nipples battered by the tough leather until they are bloodied. You
screech and twist in pain, desperately trying to present me with an alternative
target, to save your poor, agonised mammaries further torture.
Eventually I rest, breathing hard. The whipping of a girl's tits always makes my
cock stand to attention, especially when the victim screams and begs as prettily
as you. We are both covered in sweat from our exertions, but in
addition your breasts and belly are covered in bruises and welts. Your head
hangs forward now, your hair falling down over your body. Your legs have gone
limp and you merely hang from the wrist rope, sobbing as you try to
remain conscious despite the agony lancing through your torso. I caress your
breasts, delighting in the heat generated by the flogging. Lifting your head by
a handful of hair I lean forward to kiss you. Your
training kicks in and your mouth opens, your tongue emerging. I lose control for
a moment and hike your skirt over your hips, push your panties aside and lift
your body to allow my cock to rub between your thighs. You are soaking wet - you
must have enjoyed being flogged after all, despite your protestations.

You hump your hips on my cock, desperate for me to impale you to the hilt so I
tease for a minute or two.
Now then Michiko - we can either continue the punishment with a flogging between
your legs or you become my ashtray while I smoke this cigar. If you are a good
girl I will then let you beg to be allowed to suck my cock.
Which is it going to be?

I am panting hard, the echo of the pain from the whipping still ebbing through
my body. I can see the welts on my small and tender breasts, the criss-cross of
whiplashes on my belly and I whimper with pain. Yet nonetheless my nipples are
rock-hard and stick out, extra sensitive after the whipping they received. Even
a streak of hair brushing against them sends pain through them, but the same
pain seems to add to my growing arousal as you kiss me roughly. Obedient and
with growing hunger I respond to your kiss, my tongue seeking yours, tasting
your familiar taste, inhaling the scent of your sweat as I moan, trying to press
my body against you even though my welted skin seems to burn. I almost sob when
I feel your hard cock rub against my smooth, oozing pussy, hardly remembering my
training that I am not allowed to speak - I want so much to beg you to take me,
to ease my pain with the passion you arouse! Through a veil of tears I look into
your eyes, then back to the whip. "Whatever you decide, Master", I whisper. "If
only you have some pleasure for me as well as pain..." I am almost desperate now
for your cock, though I know how much it will hurt if you flog my pussy before
you use it. My mouth is getting dry, the purring sound of the camera almost
mocking me as I wait for your decision


I have decided to warm your pussy before fucking your brains out. We have to
change your position for this one, so I am going to untie you now. Remember-
one false move and I will have to move up to a more permanent method of
training you.

I take you over to the huge bed in the next room. There you lie on your
back, obediently holding your arms up to be tied to the bedstead. I use
ropes tied around your knees to pull your legs up and apart, baring your
pussy to the ministrations of my whip.

Before starting, I set up the video equipment. One camera is focussed on
your pussy, another on your face to record your reactions and a third
panning up and down your body. I intend to really hurt you with this
flogging, and want to be able to relive the moment as often as possible.

Finally ready, I caress your body with the whip, letting the leather thongs
rub against your body. Your pussy glistens as you pump your hips, silently
begging with your eyes for me to fuck you hard and let you come.

'SPLAT' the first lash lands squarely between your thighs...

I sigh with relieve when you loosen my ties, hoping my tears and my remorse have
softened your temper. I shiver in your strong arms as you carry me over to the
other room, my whipped nipples standing out rock-hard. I can almost feel your
mouth close around them, your kisses softening the pain or your teeth and
fingers adding new agony - I know I must accept both.
My pussy quivers at the mere thought of your cock, soon again to conquer
familiar territory and I lean back on that oversized bed, holding out my arms as
I am used to and spreading my legs wide to present my holes to meet your
approval. You will see that my shaven pussy is glistening, my engorged clit
already begging for caresses. It is then that I see the cold gaze in your eyes
and realise my punishment is not yet over.
I whimper in fearful anticipation but dare not resist - it would only make
things worse for me. Soon I am once again helpless, my wrists fastened to the
posts of the bed, my legs wide apart and held by the ropes. While I can move my
hips and have a limited ability to move - undoubtedly my squirming body will add
to your enjoyment - I cannot escape.
The red light of the purring cameras seems to mock me, only adding to my
humiliation. Slowly and tantalising you stroke my body with the whip. Its
leather feels so soft now, so harmless. But I know it better, I have experienced
the intense stinging pain before, my stomach, breasts and nipples are still
criss-crossed with its traces and despite my fear my pussy burns with desire. I
am willing to accept whatever you have in store for me, but... it is so hard! I
fear the pain you are reading to give. My body is already on fire and itching to
serve you, my labial lips swollen and my pussy open, inviting your cock to fuck
me. But thus, it is just the more helpless, and the whip will hurt even more.
I hear the swish of the whip, used expertly it seems a black shadow is reaching
out to me and then there is the pain.... It hit me right between my legs, my
unprotected pussy receiving the full blow. My hips rise and thrust forward, like
a mock copy of answering the movements of your hard shaft, but all I want is get
away from the whip. Instead, I offer you an even better aim.
My screams echo from the walls - I know they are soundproof, nobody will come to
my rescue and before I have time to recover, the next blow hits my most
sensitive part, forcing an almost animalistic groan of agony from me....
At last I have feasted sufficiently on your screams of agony. Your pussy is
raw and swollen, welts covering your belly and thighs. My cock strains at my
trousers and I cannot put off the moment any longer. I strip naked and climb
onto the bed. Your hips buck hungrily, begging my to impale you and for once
I comply, ramming myself deep into your heated, soaking pussy.
My hands roam over your agonised body, tracing the welts from the beating
you suffered, pulling at your rock-hard nipples as I thrust into your cunt
again and again.
When I stroke your face you suck obediently at my fingers and, to reward you
I kiss you hard and deep, sucking your tongue into my mouth even as my hips
start piledriving my eight-inch rod into your sore cunt.
You begin to shriek again but this time in ecstasy as you come for the first
time in days. I feel your pussy pulsating around my cock and the sensations
spur me on, my prick swelling within you. As I start to come I slow my
motions, ignoring the way your pussy sucks at me. I withdraw until only the
swollen head of my cock is in you and lunge forward, pressing on your hard
clit with my fingers and rubbing directly on one of the deepest cuts from
the whip. Your squirming, writhing body now confused with sensations of
ecstasy and pain I repeat the long thrust and trigger another orgasm that
races through your body.
My body takes over then, and I ram into you until your head bangs off the
bedstead. This time I allow myself to come and fill your pussy with jet
after jet of hot spunk.
Still hard inside you, I reach over and untie your legs before collapsing on
you, embracing your sweaty body and using your sore breasts as a pillow...

The whip had known no mercy.... Again and again the flails danced over my belly,
against my thighs, but it seemed to give you most pleasure to hit me between my
legs, each lash against my pussy and my clit drawing a howl of agony from me.
And yet.... I felt my pussy growing wet, twitching in need. I can see the bulge
in your pants grow and I know that as soon as you have finished my punishment
your big cock will spear me, impaling my hypersensitised flesh. My hips bucking
as if in offering my sex to your use.
I sob hysterically when you put down the whip, my body still rocking and shaking
with the pain. My pussy lips and my clit must have swollen to twice their size!
I watch you undress, trying to spread my legs even wider, my tear-filled eyes
begging to ease my pain and send me to the climax I need so much. It hurts, when
your hard cock enters my tight hole, invading me deeply. Every friction with my
welted pussy and my tormented clit sends new shivers of pain through me, but at
the same time I am so aroused, begging you to fuck me harder. Your hands on my
body, that pain as you play roughly with my nipples, your deep kiss - my whole
body explodes in a massive orgasm that lasts for hours, and I scream as I feel
your hot seed spurt inside me. You are still so hard and it does not take you
long to re-awaken my passion. I am nothing more than a panting, squirming slave
in heat, submitting completely to my Master's cock and when you rub my
pain-filled clit I cum even harder, my screams intelligible as you use me like
some piece of meat until you collapse exhausted over my sweat-covered body. My
heart is beating rapidly and even while I am so exhausted from this intense
experience that I am close to unconsciousness, I wonder what else you might have
in store for me to serve to your pleasure...
Well well, my pretty little slut. Looks like you are in the mood for some
more. As it happens, I have a few toys left but first I want a cigarette.
I light up, inhaling deeply to get the coal hot, then press it to your left
nipple. The sizzle as my saliva boiled was drowned a few seconds later by a
shriek as you realise what I am doing. I hold your body down with my weight
and burn you again and again until the cigarette goes out.
Climbing up the bed I rub your face with my dick. My balls dangle near your
chin. You know what you have to do to stop me burning your other tit...
Even the weight of your body hardly keeps me down as my body thrashes with pain.
My scream echoes in my ears and the stench of burnt flesh almost makes me sick,
but that is nothing compared to the pain. The heat of the glowing cigarette
against my sore and tender nipple is almost more than I can bear and I will do
anything, everything to stop you from torturing my other nipple. As the
cigarette finally goes out my body is coated with sweat and I lie panting as if
I have run a long distance. As you rub your still hard cock over my face, my
tongue lashes out eagerly to caress it, swirling along the length of the shaft
wherever it can get as you move it over my face. "Please Master" I beg,
desperate to satisfy you. "Please let your slave suck your cock. Fuck my throat
if it pleases you.... Just please... don't burn me again"
You have pleased me, slave, with your efforts. Your screams delight me more
than a choir. Your body is mine...I choose to fuck your face. Use your lips,
tongue, throat - I want the best orgasm I have ever felt.

I push at your mouth with my throbbing cock, feeling your tears provide
lubrication as your hot mouth engulfs me. I reach round to pinch your
unburned nipple as your head starts its bobbing motion, feeling you moan
deep in your throat as you try to swallow my dick...
As always there is this brief suffocating moment of panic as your thick cock
enters my throat, passing the gag reflex. There is this light feeling in my head
as I breathe through the nose, trying not to panic; my lips flexing at the same
time round your hard shaft. I arch my neck, trying to take you as deep as
possible down my throat, its muscles stretched by the invader. Up and down my
head moves... the sharp pain when you pinch my nipple just an additional
encouragement to proceed with all my knowledge and enthusiasm, my tongue gliding
along your cock and teasing it while you fuck my throat. I want to give you the
pleasure you seek, I would do anything to avoid that terrible feeling of my
other nipple being burned and as I look up to you to see if I am performing to
your satisfaction, you can see an almost desperate effort to please in my dark
eyes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Kane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





