BDSM Library - Thursday Night Dinner




Thursday Night Dinner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A rather vanilla seeming beginning to a very BDSM night.
Thursday Night Dinner

Home at 6, he was already there.  A quick kiss hello, a few words shared about
how their days were while she tried to listen from the shower. As she dried and
dressed herself, she heard him moving about, bless his soul, he was a busy
little bee tonight.  She could hear him going from room to room, moving things.
Opening and closing drawers and singing to himself one of their favorite songs.
He yelled into her, where do you want to eat. and shall I call for reservations. 
"How is Ameriggos? I could really go for some pasta tonight.  Decision made, off
they went. She looked hot, and smelled as good.  She never had to question twice
what to wear when they went out together. She knew what he liked as he knew her.

Dinner over, waiting for the coffee to be served, he reached over to her, took
her hand and put a little satin ribbon around her wrist, smiled and sat back
while he watched the meaning sink in.

The vanilla world was fading away and the world they both loved was taking
shape.  She fixed his coffee, asked him what he thought when the waitress asked
about dessert, agreed when he said he would have a piece of chocolate cake and
she should have none. He knew how much she loved chocolate but also how she was
struggling with her weight. With that he told the waitress to cancel his order
also. "Time to go, dear"    May I finish my coffee she asked with a new quiet
tone to her voice the unspoken Sir was there.  I said Time to go.  She nodded
gathered her purse and shawl and stood waiting for his lead.
The drive home was filled with soft whispers, promises to be fulfilled. Desires
spoken aloud took on a life of their own. A free parking spot called to them and
as he shut off the car she reached for the door handle, her pussy wet with
excitement, and she hesitated a moment while she looked back at him for a nod. 
Receiving none she removed her hand from the handle and put them crossed in her
lap lowered her head in a childlike shame for having forgotten already that she
had no ability to do anything for herself
He came around and opened the door took her hand in one hand and cupped her chin
with the other.  You are mine, Princess.  Remember that!  Totally mine. Right
now I give you permission to breath and for the next few hours you will ask for
anything else and depending on my mood and your behavior will I grant your
requests.  Now Little One.  Raise your head, smile for me and let us go home.

She walked a few steps behind him    letting him open the door letting him pick
up the mail that had been left inside the door.  Did you pay these bills on time
he asked. Yes, Sir I followed the schedule you set up for me I am never late
with payments anymore. Good, Will I find that you have done your assignments
today?  Yes, Sir
I crave your directions.  My day is spent pleasing others on my job giving
orders and taking them going to stores giving orders and taking them and yet I
wait till I can get into my own space here and do your bidding.  I love sharing
my mind with you and I love you taking it.  There are times I am really tired
and I know that if I didn't write to you would understand but I don't want that
I don't want you to slowly become disappointed with me and accept and tolerate,
I want to always have to strive for one more step with you.  To have you see in
me the ability to take life one more step.

As the key opens the door, she feels little, she is shrinking before herself all
she would like to do t this moment is drop to her knees and be held.  To be
petted on the head and told what a good girl she is.  But she has not proven
herself tonight yet.

With no words spoken, she takes her clothes off leaving just her bra and
panties, she adjusts the air conditioner and makes him a cold glass of water
with a slice of lemon in it.  The taste of the unfinished coffee is in her mouth
and she pours herself a glass too.  Brings both glasses to the couch where he is
waiting and he looks at her, takes his glass and glares. Her body begins to
tremble. She forgot to ask She acted in her own. She felt the ribbon on her
wrist and knew she did wrong. " Did I say you had the right to pour a glass of
water for yourself who are you."  Oh Sir I am so sorry I am Masters Slave and I
allowed my self to forget.  My physical desires took over for a minute.  "Then
you must not really feel owned?  Come here!"
There was no longer the sound of softness now there was the sound of sternness
in his voice.  I stood before him clad only in my underwear.  Do you need to be
spanked, Do you need to be ignored Do you need to be whipped, What will make you
remember,  You have no say in this at all You have nothing except what i grant
you>
Oh Master please.  May I please kneel to speak to you.  May i tell you what i
feel right now.
Seeing the nod and the smirk on the face  I knew he understood.
I dropped to my knees  buried my head in my hands and rested them on his lap 
"Sir  my every moment is spent thinking of how lucky i am to be owned by you. 
For you to allow me to be the one to please you  to bring that smile of
contentment to your face.
If you need to whip me  ok,  If you need to spank me.  ok  but please sir 
please i beg you don't ignore me.  Without you there I am nothing You have shown
me that i am something Don't take that from me."
"You do not need punishment you need reminders you need training you need to
know what you are and It is me that will show you what you are.  I will show you
the inner you I will bring you to fulfillment of your goals in your vanilla life
but while I do that I will also bring out in you the shameless wanton slut that
you crave to be.  I will use you  i will display you  I will own you in every
sense of the word   You will do anything i say  because you iknow that only I
have the power to consume you
.  Before we went for dinner i layed some toys out   i want you to go inside and
look at them   pick them up and touch then   put them to your mouth and kiss
them   then come back to me.
The feet in my mind running but my real feet walking slow and ladylike i go to
the bedroom so see    the best scene ever
ropes, vibes my favorite blindfold. A chair in the middle of the room   A bit of
fear sets in as i see a few "new" toys   A huge dildo,(deep intake of breath)  a
butt plug, an enema bag and a camera
The flogger was laying there next to your single tail. Clamps were next to the
candles.   I raise the candles to my mouth   Oh  i want to suck them  to lick
them  but instead I pick up the dildo   i think of you in me   i think of this
dildo put in me by you I wonder where will it be put when i remember seeing the
enema.  Oh how i hope that will not be used    i hate being humiliated   but i
love being used in what ever way you want  so i pick up the enema   i kiss it  
i fondle it i rub it over my belly  my ass and i tell myself how it will be a
means to serve you  and therefore it will become an object of love for me  My
hand goes to my breast but i quickly remove it.  I have not been told i can
touch myself. I want to cry out to you   Master  I need you    Master  Please  i
need to cum already    Master Master  my brain cries  but my voice stays silent.  
I look at all the rest of the toys   i lick i rub i touch them all   i think of
what i like but then i think of what you like and i know i am ready for you.
I call out to you  "Sir  May i come back in."  Yes  on your knees  come to me
and lay at my feet    be my pet for a little
Then i will see what to do with you." My insides are shaking  my head wants to
scream. My pussy is so hot  so wet   I drop to all fours and crawl in  when i am
stopped in my tracks by a severe smack across my ass.  I said on your knees   i
did not say hands and knees   Will you learn to listen to my words  not your
thoughts. Lean over that chair.. I feel my panties being pulled down and then  I
feel a small vibe being put into my ass. Just stay there a while   i want to
watch this show and ill watch you during commercial   I want to see you playing
with yourself  but dont you dare cum. And dont ask me either  cause the answer
is no I am in the mood for extended play tonite and i want to see you squirm.
Doing as told  i play with my self and keep comeing very close to cummng  but i
hold that back   I will not disappoint you again I want to do nothing to
displease you  nothing for you to have to find elsewhere I want to be all to you
and for you    
I want to be your slave in every sense  I want to depend on you for my existence
and i want you to gather strength from that
As i lay across the chair   pulsating throbbing  my head screaming for release,
The door bell rings.   You tell me loudly and clearly  Do not dare stop what you
are doing  I may show you off  The door opens    there are voices in the kitchen 
i cant hear the words  but i hear the tones   there is pleasure and pride in
masters voice  there is curiousity and disbeliefe in the other voice(s) My
cheeks are burning  my facial cheeks that is   i want to die  will you bring
them in here to see me   I hope not  and yet there is a part of me tht desires
that too   I want to know that there is nothing i would not do for you if it
gave you pleasure.
Did you read my mind you are comeing into the room with the "men"    you ask me
if i mind    of course i shake my head and say  whatever pleases YOU Sir  not
me.    There are hands smooth hands running over my ass. a little pinch here and
there,  just softness no agression   i feel like a melon in a store that a house
wife is checking to see if it is ripe  "Do you need to be fucked yet pet" Yes
Sir  It is very hard for me to stay this way    You laugh at the tremble in my
voice   at the cracking of words that should flow normally.   "Shall I take care
of you or shall I let one of my friends have that pleasure "

Sir it is whatever you would like.    I am not a being right now   i am just an
object for your use.

At that, the other men quiet their voices   they await his decision. How do i
please everyone he says  how do i please my friends and please my pet too  
because if i dont please her i will lose her.  And as i am her breath  She is my
property  and very valuable to me

Decisions, Decisions,  and you take me in your arms tell me that this time  i
will not be used by others  but that perhaps next time.  They leave, but not
before doing as you have asked them to do. ldnqb@dorsai.org    
They tie me to the bed  they place the blindfold in place they lay the flogger
across my breasts and insert the dildoe in my soaking pussy.
And i lay there  waiting for your return.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mariah H


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





