BDSM Library - Emma's Capture




Emma's Capture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Short story about a girl who is abducted after school.
Emma's Capture
By English George

Twenty minutes have passed since the disappearance of a popular schoolgirl. 
Right now, nobody in the world knows she has just been kidnapped. Taken away
against her will to be used as a sex toy. This sexy looking young thing was just
asking to be taken.  You could tell she was nobody innocent by the way she
walked and the bitchy attitude that oozed from her facial expression.  Well I
guess this hard schoolgirl was about to find out what it's like to be broken
schoolgirl.

It took the two men months of preparation and waiting in the right places to
make the right move on the right girl.  Ah ha, it looks like we've found a
victim.  She look's about 5'8" with long brown hair. Sexy body frame.  She'll
do!

It's late after school.  Emma had to stay behind with her mates for a detention
after disrupting French class.  The autumn breeze put a familiar chill in the
air. Winter was on the way.
Emma walked along her usual route without a care in the world. Showing off her
sexy, firm, bare legs from under her pleated grey skirt. As she took her usual
shortcut through some houses she didn't notice a man waiting in the van parked
in one of the private car parks.  Her attention was focused on a well shadowed
guy near some bushes, hanging around looking at his watch.  Emma looked at the
guy suspiciously at first but then thought his watch must have broken.  As she
walked on by, his view suddenly shifted from his watch to the girl's white
socks. His gaze followed her sexy little walk and her swaying ass bulging from
under her little skirt.  The man could now feel the urge.

"What the fuck are you looking at you pervert," the little bitch cackled.
The next thing Emma remembers before being punched in the stomach was the angry
and hungry look in her attackers eyes.  The bitch was now in the tender care of
two big guys as they carried her struggling body to the nearby van.

Emma screamed against her attacker's strong facial grip and struggled to break
free. Her arms and legs punched and kicked out all over the place.  Her pale
blue panties could be seen every time her legs and skirt flew up above her
thighs.  The first guy used most of his body weight to hold the schoolgirl down
on the floor of the van.
"You're going to be our entertainment for a couple days," He whispered in her
ear as he tried to tie her wrists to the wall of the van.  "So you'd better do
as we say or end up dead, GOT IT!!!" the frightened girl nodded.

The van started up and sped away.  They wanted to get as far away from the
abduction scene as possible. Lance, the guy in the back with the struggling
schoolgirl, played a wrestling game. He groped at every part of her body he
could get his hands on.  Her short skirt had ridden all the way up her legs
exposing her little cotton thong to hungry eyes and hungry hands.  "hmm what do
we have here?"  The excited man fought his way between Emma's legs and managed
to force her ankles apart exposing even more of her thighs and her panty cover
ass and pussy.  The girl started, "No, get your filthy hands of me, "HELP ME!
HELP!" Emma's pleas were met with a slap to the face. "Give me a feel you little
slut!"  Emma managed to fight her way onto her knees and reached for the back
door of the van. Lance grabbed her shoulders and pulled her backwards into his
waiting lap.  "You're not going anywhere sweetie!"


Later they find a quiet place under a bridge to examine their catch a lot
closer. Nobody could hear her screaming.  Emma could see the van door open.  The
driver admires the helpless girl on the floor as he shuts the door behind him. 
She was on her back.  Her arms were being roped together above her head.  Her
legs were kicking about giving the driver a great view up her little skirt. 
"I've saved the best bit for you, pal." Lance secured the other end of his rope
to the wall of the van holding her arms far above her head.  He now had his
hands free to play with Emma's tits. With his face close to hers, he could smell
her hair. He licked her cheek and tasted sweat and perfume.  He sucked on her
neck and under her chin.  He forced his tongue into her rosy red lips and felt
her clenched teeth.  He moved a hand over her right breast until he could feel
her erect nipple through her bra and tight blouse.  He gave the bud a squeeze. 
She opened her mouth.  He tasted her sweet saliva and smelt her breath.  Lance
loosened her neck tie and unbuttoned her blouse exposing her skin underneath. 
Her blue bra was uncovered as he exposed her chest area and belly button.  The
bottom of the blouse was still left tucked into her skirt.







"No, please don't do that, get off me!" Emma suddenly tenses as the driver
caressed his hands all the way up her legs under her skirt. He could feel the
tiny hairs on her smooth warm skin as he massaged both hands up to her panty
covered ass. Emma tried to shut her legs but noticed that Lance had already
taken her bra off and was roughly squeezing her small pert breasts.  Every time
she resisted against the two guys, the more Lance squeezed her nipples.  "Spread
her legs!"  Lance commanded with excitement.  The heavy handed man forced her
left leg open and tied her sock covered ankle up against the side of the van. 
Her panty covered crotch was looking even more inviting as she struggled against
her bonds.  The driver could now concentrate all his power on her other leg,
slowly forcing it away from the other. Emma tried to close her legs but it was
no use.  Emma's cotton thong was now fully exposed to the men. 

The driver noticed that the little piece of material covering her pussy had a
yellow stain running down the middle.  A few of her pubic hairs were sticking
out around the edges.  "You dirty little girlie!"  As Lance was sucking on her
tits, the driver started touching Emma's knickers.  She felt a little damp too. 
One hand was holding her right leg open and the free hand was now rubbing at her
pussy though the material. Emma started to cry.  She could feel cool air on her
pussy as her underwear was being pulled to one side.  The driver bent down
closer between her legs.  His face disappeared in her crotch. She could feel his
heavy breathing on her delicate folds of skin.  The driver sniffed at Emma's
pussy.  She smelt strong. Her pussy scent was of sweat and old urine.  Emma
closed her eyes in guilt.  She remembered when she was back at school.  She went
to the toilet twice that day, and didn't even bother to wipe her pussy when she
finished pissing. Nasty girls tend to do that sometimes! Her embarrassment was
the least of her worries right now and there was nothing she could do.


The driver thought he was in heaven.  It's not everyday you get the opportunity
to live up to your own sickest fantasy's.  His fantasy was literally opening up
right in his face.  Emma began to struggle violently to free herself.  She knew
what her kidnappers were going to do to her but she didn't want to be the victim
in this game.  "Hmmm, she feels so wet down here," Emma's most private parts
were being abused by the driver's thick fingers, probing and exploring. Her
pussy flaps were pulled apart and her panties pulled to one side. Emma began to
feel pain.  He found her little hole and slowly worked a finger inside her.
"Your pussy feels so soft and wet, hmm!" Emma began to squeal like a baby pig as
he sucked at her sweet clit.  He feasted on her dirty pussy for at least ten
minutes.
Her attacker finally lifted his head up from between the schoolgirl's legs.
Lance could see he had some of her cunt juice around his nose and chin.
Being careful not to let Emma escape, they changed places with each other. It
was now Lance's turn to play with her pussy.  Emma's eyes widened with fear as
they both took their hardened cocks out. The driver forced his into her Emma's
mouth and the other guy was teasing the tip of his dick at the opening of her
love tunnel. He was now ready to violate this teasing bitchy minx and there was
nothing she was going to say or do about it.  Her spirit had become well and
truly smashed.

Emma shook and screamed out in pain as her pussy got opened wider with his meaty
invasion rod.  The schoolgirl's petit frame wriggled beneath the big man as he
slipped into her dirty cunt.  The rhythm picked up pace.  Her face was showing
pain and lust through the stream of tears.
The van driver grunted with satisfaction, "Fuck, you feel so nice and tight." 
He grabbed a leg and brought it up over his shoulder. Emma felt so humiliated at
what they were doing to her.  Lance had his turn with her too. It was sloppy
seconds yes, but this was an unmissable opportunity to fuck the bitch out of
this teen.

It was now dark outside.  The Van was well hidden from public interference. You
could see the van rock occasionally on squeaky suspension.  You could hear faint
muffled voices of men's grunts and a girl squealing.  It's now been five hours
since the disappearance of this popular schoolgirl. Nobody knows that she has
been abducted and taken against her will and used as a fuck toy...

...of course only we know!

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  English George(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





