BDSM Library - Afternoon Drive




Afternoon Drive
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive and her dominant stop at an adult store while on an afternoon drive. Watch what happens as they try out some of the items they find.
Afternoon Drive

      The two of us are out for the afternoon, just out for a drive around the
city when we pass an adult store. We decide to take a look inside to see what
they have to offer, and perhaps buy a thing or two.

     We are searching for sometime when we find a short skirt with a matching
halter that we seem to think that might looks some what "cute" on me so we ask
the clerk if I can try it on. It made of leather and is the color of midnight
black. I go inside and change, trying my hardest to see if I can fit into the
outfit. I manage to get into it and look at myself in the mirror and am quite
shocked to see what is in the mirror.

     The skirt is so short that I can see the very bottom of my ass cheeks
sticking out from the bottom of the skirt and they almost glow next to the black
leather of the skirt. My breasts were harder to squeeze into the halter top so
they are held firmly and pushed slightly upwards. The entire top portions of my
breasts are showing just short of the nipples. The body of the halter top is
tight fighting and the top is collarless. My hair being pulled back you can get
a good glimpse of my long neck wrapped in my black color with my tag dangling
from it.

     I open the door to the dressing room and look out to see if I can signal
you so that you can look and see what I look like in this perfectly sluttish
outfit. I manage to get your attention and you walk over from where you were
looking at some paddles hanging on the wall. Forgetting to hang the paddle back
up you walk over to wear I am standing and look me over. You have me turn around
for a moment with my back facing you and for a long moment you are still and
quiet.  just as I am about to turn to see if you are still there I feel your
cool hand being placed on the part of my ass that is sticking out of the skirt
and then feel you press yourself against me. It is quite obvious that you like
the looks of this outfit on me for I can feel your stiffening cock through the
tight leather of the skirt hugging my ass.

     I look over my shoulder at you and ask if you like what you see with a
smartass grin on my face. I didn't realize until too late that you still had the
paddle in your hand and I feel the sharp sting when you draw it back and feel
the hard wooden paddle connect with the bottom of my ass cheeks. I gasp and turn
to look at you in shock.

      Looking around to see if anyone was watching you then grab me by my hair
whispering to me to be quiet, and pull me into the open door of the dressing
room and shut it behind you, but not completely, there is still a crack open in
the door. You ask me if I think that your being excited was funny and I shake my
head no.

     You just look at me for a moment, still holding on to my long hair, still
wrapped firmly in your hand; you pull me down until I am kneeling directly in
front of you, the door to my back. Setting down the paddle for a moment you
reach down and undo your pants and release the cock that was starting to be more
then a little confined. Grabbing my hair with both hands you pull my face
towards it and force it into my mouth, thrusting back and forth. My tongue tries
to keep up with your thrusts, flicking it across the head of your cock each time
is slides outward. I bring up one hand to slide up and down the shaft of your
cock in time with your thrusts and bring the other to slightly squeeze and
caress you balls.
     
     The next thing I know you are pulling your hardened cock out of my mouth
and pulling me up roughly my hair. Turning me around you bend me over the small
bench that is in the dressing room and hike the skirt up to my hips. I gasp as I
feel you slam your cock inside my wet pussy all the way down your shaft until
your balls slap up against me.

     Your rhythm is slow but hard at first and I feel your hands come around the
front of the halter and pull the top of it down until my breasts come out from
the top. while still fucking me like a whore from behind you reach and start
playing with both my breasts...first just rolling the nipples between your
finger tips, making them stand up, hard and firm, the more I moan with pleasure
the rougher you get, squeezing and twisting both of my breasts, until I near
climax, when you grab both of my nipples as hard as you are able and use them to
thrust your self into me, pulling back on the hard. I can't control myself any
longer and I spasm around your rock hard cock and my legs begin to tremble.

      pulling out of me you grab me by my hair again and I find myself quite
quickly kneeling before you, your cock in my face, covered in my cum. you look
down and me and tell me that I know what has to be done and I nod and begin to
slowly wash you off with my tongue first one side, the other, the bottom and the
tops, sometimes using the tip of my tongue, sometimes the flat of it. I then
wrap my mouth around the head of you cock and suck off any of my juices that may
still be present. I make sure that all of your cock is completely clean, the
move my tongue to you balls and lick them gently, then sucking one at a time and
lick them slowly sucking every last bit of my cum from your balls.

     When you feel that I have cleaned them off sufficiently, you pull my head
back and tilt me head up wards and look me straight in the face. "Did you ask if
you could cum?" you whisper to me.

     I shake me head. "No, master." wincing slightly from the tight hold you
have on my hair.

     "I didn't think so." you turn me and force me to kneel on my hands and
knees.  Grabbing the paddle from where you had left it, you pull your arm back
and swiftly connect with my bare ass, making a loud smacking noise. I whimper
quietly as I feel my ass start to burn as you repeatedly swat my prone ass. you
stop just when I think that I cannot possible take anymore...only for a moment
when you pull back and bring the paddle across my ass full force, causing me to
cry out in pain.

     Setting the paddle back down, you pull me up to my feet and bend me back
over the bench again and tell me to stay there. I hear a rustling of clothing as
you reach forward and take the underwear I had been wearing and shove them into
my open mouth and quickly take my bra and tie it round so that I cannot spit
them out. I hear you moving around be hind me and I see you pull your leather
belt from the hoops of your pants and fold it in two and hold it in your hand. 
Standing me up you pull off my clothing that I had been wearing and the roughly
bend me over once more.

     You lean over me and whisper in my ear. "So you want to cum when you aren't
told to like a slut. If that is the case, I will treat you like a slut, you
whore."

     Standing up again you hold me down with one hand so that I cannot stand up,
I feel the head of your swollen cock begin to try and pry its way into the
opening of my ass. Pushing on it persistently until the head of it is in, the
shaft following, until you are completely buried in my ass. I try to cry out as
you painfully stretch the tight opening but my cry is muffled from the make
shift gag and tears begin to well up in my eyes as you thrust yourself in and
out of me.

     having achieved a steady rhythm, you pull back the hand that is holding the
belt and bring it down across my naked back, repeatedly, never hitting the same
place twice, while continuing to thrust your self in and out. Red welts begin to
form on my white skin and you move the belts attentions to my thighs, and any
other exposed skin within easy striking, hitting my thighs, side and sometimes
coming around to strike my breasts.

   You are able to feel the orgasm welling up in you, so instead of continuing
to whip me with the belt you close it around my throat and use it to pull my ass
down over your cock as hard as is possible, wrapping the belt in your hand so
that with each thrust my head is pulled back. I can feel you swell slightly,
followed by the groaning and panting of orgasm and your cum fill the cavity in
my ass.

   You let go of the belt and untie the gag, letting me catch my breath and we
clean ourselves off as best we can and get dressed.  It was then that we realize
that the door was partially opened and we had gained the attention of a small
crowd, whom anyone could tell, the great majority of them were aroused. You
simply smile at them and bring the leather outfit and the paddle up to the
cashier and smile at her and say, "I think we will take these."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Finding_Fantasy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





