BDSM Library - Human Resources




Human Resources
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A late-night worker stumbles across the secret activites of the human resources department, and is dragged into it.
Date: Sat, 6 May 2000 12:46:41 EDT
From: Cindy V.
Subject: New TG story HUMANRES by Cindy V; authoritarian

HUMANRES.TXT by Cindy V.  Femdom, TV, humiliation.  May, 2000

     It was about 8 pm on a Saturday night, as I cursed the computer
because my spreadsheet formula was wrong.  Yes, another Saturday night
at the office in downtown Manhattan.  Why was I there?  For one
thing, because I had no social life at the moment.  But for another,
because there was too much work to do, and because the damn Human
Resources department was dragging its feet as usual on finding me an
assistant.

     Sorry, but I can not say enough bad things about the Human
Resources department.  They don't reply to phone messages or e-mails.
They take their time on processing raises.  They schedule training
classes in the middle of the busy season, thinking that the company
revolves around them.  And they have no idea that headhunters need
to be managed and kissed up to if we are going to see any resumes to
fill my open position.  HR.  We sarcastically call them the Humans,
in the same nasty tone that Jerry Seinfeld uses to refer to Newman.

     Perhaps the most interesting thing about the Humans is how they
will not acknowledge you in the hall. To a person, they will not look
at you or say hello, unless you say hello first.  They are a department
of about ten women, and they will not say hello to you.  A few of them
are very attractive, so why would they say hello to a guy who wasn't in
their league?  A few of them are sort of tough looking, and I wonder if
maybe they are a bunch of lesbians.  Not that there's anything wrong
with that.

     I tried to put the Humans out of my mind and concentrate on my
spreadsheet, when nature called.  I shouldn't have had all that coffee.
One good thing about the company is that it has the kind of coffee
machines that brew a single cup whenever you want, any time day or
night, for free, and flavored coffee no less.  Not that the Humans
were instrumental in getting this.  Free flavored coffee was about
the only nice benefit of working on Saturday night, and I had more
than drunk my money's worth.

     I got up to use the bathroom.  I had to go pretty badly.  It
was a long walk to the other side of the building to the men's room,
but it wasn't that far to the women's room.  And it was 8 pm on a
Saturday night, with the office empty except for me, so I figured
"Why not?"  Why not just use the women's room?

     I opened the door to the women's room.  I was surprised to see
a couch (why doesn't the men's room have a couch?), and then a door
to another room.  I opened the second door, which led to the room with
all the mirrors and sinks.  The sinks were full of all sorts of
makeup, and I wondered if women just leave them there all day and
overnight.

     I picked the first stall, lifted the seat, and stood there to
pee.  I left the door open.  As I closed my eyes and heard the sound
of my peeing against the water in the toilet, I seemed to hear
another muffled noise.  There was a rhythmic slapping sound, followed
by a yelp.  I couldn't imagine where this might be coming from, or
what it was, but it really didn't matter since I was in the middle
of a long pee.  Maybe someone left a radio on.  Then the strangest
thing happened - I smelled a very strong scent of perfume.  Maybe
that wasn't so strange - I was in the women's room, after all.  I
wondered if the scent of perfume could linger from Friday afternoon
as the women left for the day, until late Saturday night.

     I finished peeing, flushed, and was about to zip up.  I turned
around to leave the stall.  There to my surprise were three angry
women blocking my path!  They had their hands crossed over their
chests, and they had scowling looks in their eyes.  If this were
not surprising enough, all three of them were elaborately made-up,
and wore only bras, panties, and high heels.  And one more thing.
Each of them had a huge dildo jutting out over their panties.  They
were scary as hell.  And they were mad as hell.

     These were three women from the Human Resources department.
Kathy was the head of the department.  Italian, slim, with black
wavy hair, although about 45 she was still an attractive woman.  I
think she is divorced.  She never wore makeup at work, but tonight
she was fully made up.  She wore thick black eyeliner which
emphasized her angry dark eyes and a serious shade of red lipstick
that emphasized a snarling mouth.  She looked sort of cheap, but
she did look great.

     Sally is maybe 40.  She is a little heavy, blonde although
probably out of a bottle.  Sally is not pretty.  Rather, she is
tough.  She is in charge of the telephone system and the managing
of the building services and those sorts of things, and as the
person who has to deal with service contracts maybe she has to be
tough.  I always had the feeling she disliked men.  On a normal day,
this is a person you don't want to be alone in the elevator with.
She had really gone overboard with the makeup, especially with
lipstick.  She had outlined her already full lips in a dark color,
and then filled them in a dark red. To top them off, she finished
her lips in a very wet gloss.  Her skimpy bra only covered about
half of her large breasts.  On another woman this whole look might
have looked sexy, but on her it made her look intimidating.  To top
it off, she wore a really monstorous dildo that made her look even
scarier, if that is possible.

     Finally Tina.  She is 30, tall and slim with long brown hair.
On a normal day she wore no makeup, and I could never decide whether
I found her average looking or pretty.  Tonight she was fully made up,
and on her it was colorful but tastefully done. In particular, she was
wearing several shades of eyeshadow that made her eyes very deep set.
She looked spectacular.

     It seemed we had all been staring at each other for the longest
time.  "Uh, what are you doing here?"  I managed to stammer out.  What
I really wanted to ask, was "What are you doing here on a Saturday
night, dressed in bras and panties?  And what about these dildos?"

     Sally wound up and slapped me hard across the face.  "What are
we doing here?" she repeated in a booming voice that echoed off the
tile bathroom walls.  "What the hell are you doing here?  You're in
the fucking women's room!"

     Her blow stung, and I rubbed my cheek.  I was surprised that she
hit me, and I was surprised how hard she hit me.  I was also surprised
at her language.  I said that I was working late and didn't think anyone
else was in the building, so when I had to use the bathroom ...  It
sounded pretty weak.

     Kathy calmly explained that they could file a sexual harrassment
charge against me, they could call my
boss at home right now, and they could demand that he fire me.  I needed
this job, and while the employment rate is pretty good at the moment,
it is not that great in my particular field.  "Oh no, please don't do
that, I begged."  I looked down, afraid to look them in the eye.
Instead I found myself looking at three dildos.  I looked down at
myself, suddenly realizing I had never zipped up.  My own penis was as
visible to them, as their dildos were to me.

     "Well, he obviously knows something is going on," Tina said to
the other two.  "Maybe we should just make him join our little party?"
she suggested, as she smiled at me sweetly.  I couldn't imagine what was
going on.

     "Maybe that would be fun," sneered Sally, as I shuddered to think
what her idea of fun might be.  She licked her lips suggestively at me,
while stroking her dildo with one hand.

     "OK, he can join the party," decided Kathy, who obviously had the
final word.  "But everyone gets a turn with him."

     "Even Angela?" asked Tina.

    "Oh yes, even Angela," replied Kathy.  "That should make things more
fun for her."

     "But this is a party for the women of the HR. We can't let him in
looking like this," said Kathy, smiling.  "Let's femme him up first!
Better call Judy in for this."

     Tina left Kathy and Sally alone with me, still blocking me in the
stall.  I considered making a run for it.  Could I just run right
through them?  I imagined Sally beating the living shit out of me if
I tried.  And loving it.  Tina returned with Judy.

     Judy laughed at my predicament, caught by three women in the
women's room stall.  Judy was also in bra, panties, heels, and a dildo.
What was it with these women and dildos?  Interestingly, she was no
more made up than usual.  But Judy always wore makeup in the office.
Judy is about 25, Hispanic, with long reddish-brown wavy hair.  Judy
is pretty, she is built, and she knows it.  She has a black leather
miniskirt that she wears on special occasions that can throw off your
concentration all day.  She is so hot, and she never acknowledges the
existence of about 95% of the males in the company.

     "So you want me to femme him up?" she asked.  "I think that would
be a lot of fun," she smiled at me devilishly.

     The four of them dragged me out of the stall.  They started
removing my clothes.  I struggled, but there were four of them and my
struggles were useless.  Besides, my pants were still unzipped, so they
had a head start.  Before I knew it, I was stark naked in front of four
women.

     "Look at all that disgusting hair," remarked Sally, as she looked
me up and down disdainfully.  "That's got to go."

     "Then take care of that first before I do his makeup," said Judy.

     Someone produced several leather restraints to put on my wrists
and ankles.  My hands were pulled over my head and tied to something.
My legs were pulled widely apart and also tied.  Very quickly I was
bound and helpless, facing the mirror.

     Sally came up behind me and whispered in my ear.  She pressed her
breasts into my back, and she gently massaged my nipples with her thumbs.
I moaned slightly.  As she teased my nipples, she also rubbed her dildo
against the crack of my ass.  I was having mixed emotions.  "I can't wait
til you're all smooth and girly so I can play with you," she whispered,
menacingly.

     The women had several electric razors, and they efficiently shaved
me everywhere below the neck.  My armpits, my arms, my chest, my back and
my legs were quickly hairless.  They also used the electric razor
on my pubic hair and ass, but they decided the result was not close
enough.  "Get the shaving cream and a regular razor," Kathy commanded.

     Before long four women were squatting down with their faces inches
from my penis.  Under other circumstances that might have been as sexy as
anything, but they were not there to give me pleasure.  They lathered me
up.  "Don't move, Sweetie," Sally warned me, to the giggles of her friends.
Someone held my penis and balls, while someone else firmly shaved the
remainder of my pubic hair.  Then everyone took a turn feeling how smooth
I felt.  This turned me on, but the image in the mirror of my
smoothly shaved groin was very embarrassing.

     Then they kneeled behind me, and I couldn't see.  I felt the lather
over my ass cheeks, and I felt the razor blade over them.  I felt my
cheeks being spread, and the razor shaved what it could reach.  I felt
very humiliated.

     With a slap on the ass, the women pronounced me femme smooth.  My
ankle restaints were removed, but my arms were still hanging in the air.
Someone produced a black corset.  It went around my front and
tied in the back.  It took a long time to loosen the laces and then retie
them.  When they were done I felt terribly constricted.  I simply could not
take deep breaths.  They had narrowed my waist and pushed some of my skin
upward so that I really looked like I had breasts.  I examined myself in
the mirror and blushed in shame.

     Someone produced black nylons that were slid up my shaven legs.
The nylons ended at mid-thigh, and they looked very sexy.  I felt high
heels being put on my feet.  The shoes were a size too small, but they
were strapped around my ankles so they would not fall off.  Between the
heels and the nylons, my legs looked very shapely.  Of course between the
nylons and the corset was a very visible and turned on penis, so I looked
ridiculous.

     "Do you think he'll run away if we untie his hands?" Kathy asked.
The women laughed, as surely I was not going anywhere the way I was
dressed.  They released whatever was holding my wrists overhead, although
they left the wrist restraints on.

     "Is he ready for me now?" asked Judy, who had assembled various kinds
of makeup.

     They sat me down in a hard chair.  They removed my eyeglasses,
putting me at even more of a disadvantage.  Judy came at me with some
sort of tool aimed at my eyes, and I flinched.  "This isn't going to work,"
she said.  "You'll have to tie him down."

     They tied my hands behind my back.  Then for good measure they put a
collar around my neck and restrained me left and right so I couldn't move
my neck.  "That's much better," smiled Judy.  "Now let's see what we can
do with those eyebrows."

     As her three friends watched, Judy leaned over me with her beautiful
breasts inches from my face.  She took her tweezer and started pulling
hairs from my eyebrows.  The first pull startled me and I tried to
move my face away from her instrument.  But I had forgotten the collar.
The collar gave me nowhere to move and bit into my neck.  I coughed as it
choked me.  "There's no where to go, Sweetie," Sally sneered at me.  "You
might as well sit back and enjoy the beauty treatment."

     I realized she was absolutely right.  Judy continued to pluck, and
although it was uncomfortable, it wasn't all that painful.  The women
were chattering away, urging Judy to make the arch of my new eyebrows
increasingly angled.  Finally she was done, and the women oohed and
ahhed over her work.  I could not imagine what I looked like, and since
I was not facing the mirror I couldn't see.  I wondered
how I would explain my new eyebrows next Monday at work.

     Judy shook a bottle of something up, and then proceeded to dot my
face with the liquid which she then smoothed out over my face with a
little sponge.  She then looked over her vast collection of cosmetics.
"Hey I have an idea," volunteered Sally.  "Could you make him up to look
like Mimi from the Drew Carey Show?" she asked.  "You know, lots of
bright blue eyeshadow all over his eyes?"  The women howled at the
thought of this.

      Judy replied, "I'm the makeup expert here.  How about if you let
 me decide?  And how about if you let me work on him in peace?  I'll
call you when he's ready."  This seemed reasonable to the women, so
Kathy, Tina and Sally all left to go to the other room.  Sally
sarcastically blew me a kiss.

     Judy brought her collection of makeup within arms reach, and she
sat in my lap, facing me.  I was severely bound and I was helpless to
resist her.  She leaned in so close as she worked on my eyes that I
could feel her breathing.  She spent the longest time with tiny brushes,
alternately telling me to close or open my eyes, to look up or to look
down, and I guessed she was elaborately painting my eyelids with
eyeshadow and eyeliner.  She told me to keep my eyes wide open as she
brushed my eyelashes several times with mascara, and when that was done
my lashes were heavy and I could feel their weight with each blink.

     "Oh, but you look so sad," she teased me.  One of the hottest women
I know is sitting in my lap, and nothing erotic is happening, so yes I
was sad.  "I know what you need," she diagnosed.  "Let's blush you up
nice and pretty."  And with that she took a big fluffy brush and dusted
my cheeks with a dark powder.  I could sense it was too much color and t
hat she was going for the cheap look.  For good measure she finished by
applying the powder to my exposed nipples as well.  "Oooh, your nipples
are so perky now," she cooed, as she gave them a little tweak.

     "And now let's see how sexy I can make your mouth," she announced
excitedly.  Judy had no end of cosmetic tools that she used on my lips.
She powdered my lips, she lined them, she pencilled them in, and
then she went over the pencil with lipstick from a tube.  I could not
tell the color because it was too close, but it was a dark color.  Then
she finished by painting them again and again with a liquid from a small
brush.

     "Wow, you sissies sure like your lipstick shiny," she exclaimed, as
if this was something I had asked for.

     Finally Judy announced I was ready.  She turned the chair so I could
see myself in the mirror, as she went to get the others.

     It took me a moment to focus, since I didn't have my eyeglasses.
I could not believe the makeup job Judy had done.  She had given me a
bizarre look somewhere between dramatic and whorish.  My eyebrows were
pencil thin and exaggeratedly arched.  I strained to study what she had
done to my eyes.  I think there were three distinct shades of purple
eyeshadow, lightest in the middle, but blending increasingly darker to
both the inside and the outside of my eyes.  My eyes were rimmed above
and below in a fine dark line of purple.  My eyelashes were full and
thick.  My face was flawless but with a thick layer of foundation, and
my cheeks sported too much color.  My lips were colored in a vivid shade
of reddish purple.  This was a very erotic look, something either a model
or a hooker might wear, but nobody else.  It occurred to me that even on
a woman, she would need Judy's somewhat darker skin coloring to pull it
off, which is why I thought it looked so bizarre on me, with my much
lighter skin color.  At any rate, I felt absolutely ridiculous.

     Judy came back with Kathy.  "This is wonderful, Judy," Kathy
exclaimed.  "You've made him into the sissy slut he really is.  "Let's
bring him out so the other girls can see him."

     Kathy unshackled me, and she and Judy brought me into another room.
I teetered hesitantly in my heels, and I wiggled obscenely in my corset.
This room led directly from the women's bathroom, and it was a room I
had never known existed.  It was large, and it had all sorts of furniture
in it, mostly chairs and couches that look like they came from a living
room.  The whole HR department was there.  Sally, Tina, Mary, Julie,
Linda, Donna, Jessica, and Angela.  They were nearly all in bras and
panties, and all elaborately made-up, although I couldn't tell if they
were all wearing dildos.  A couple of them had paired up, and were
sitting on a couch together kissing and feeling each other up.  Jessica,
however, was dressed as a French maid, and seemed to be serving wine.
Angela was bent over a hard chair, with two of the women each holding
a wrist behind her, and Angela was getting soundly paddled by a couple
of hairbrushes.  So that was the strange sounds I had heard when I had
been peeing.  But I still didn't understand what was going on.

     Everything stopped as Kathy announced to the crowd, "Look at the
sissy we found using the women's room."

     All the women came over to examine me.  Angela must have been
particularly relieved to be released from her paddling.  They howled
at the sight of me, and asked me what kind of man dresses like this.
Kathy explained that they had found me using the women's room, and
decided they would make me join their party.  They took turns admiring
the makeup job, teasing my exposed nipples, patting my shaved ass,
fondling my exposed cock, and running their hands over my stockinged
legs.  Kathy held my wrists tightly behind me, and I could do nothing
but let their teasing assault continue.  I did not need to be wearing
blush to know how red my cheeks were in embarrassment.

      Someone snapped a Polaroid picture, and if I ever had any hope of
somehow reporting these women to senior management for what they were
doing to me, that hope died with the picture.  This was a picture I did
not want to have spread around.

     Kathy led me to a metal pole that went from the floor to the ceiling,
and she cuffed my hands behind me, to the pole.  "Everyone will get a
turn to play with our little silly sissy.  But first me.  So go back to
what you were doing."

     The crowd disbursed to various corners of the room.  Without my
glasses, I could not really see what was happening in the distance,
although I heard the distinct smacks that told me that Angela was getting
it again.

      Now I was alone with Kathy.  She put her body very close to mine,
making me very uncomfortable.  She looked sexier than I ever remembered
her at work.  She was in black lace bra and panties, and her black
eyeliner made her dark eyes look very exciting.  She pressed herself
against me, and I could feel her dildo deliberately rub against my cock.
That was a strange feeling!  She was making me extremely nervous.

     "You probably want to know what's going on, don't you?" she asked,
as she put her carefully lined red lipsticked lips close to my own
lipsticked lips.  "This has been going on for years, and you are the first
outsider to find out."

     Kathy continued to talk to me, with her pretty lips agonizingly
close to mine, but not so close so that I could kiss them.  I inhaled
her lovely perfume.  She casually stroked my cock as she told the story.

     "I began this HR department about twenty years ago.  Sally was the
next person I brought in.  We are both divorced, and we decided we really
hate men.  One thing led to another, and we became lovers."

     "That explains a lot," I thought to myself.  I always suspected
they were lesbians.
     Kathy continued.  "When it was time to hire a third person, I
decided I would only hire a woman.  That was Donna.  Donna was and is
married.  But we convinced her that her career would go better if she
became a lover with us.  We turned her on to lesbian sex, and although
she still has sex with her husband, there really is no comparison,
is there?"

     I had rented a few lesbian videos, and I had to agree with Kathy.
I nodded in agreement.  I hadn't realized that Judy must have put clip-on
earrings me, because I felt them dangle as I moved my head.

     "Each time I needed to expand the department, I simply hired another
woman.  Sally and I made it a requirement that each new woman had to agree
to have sex with us.  A few initially resisted, as Angela is doing tonight,
but eventually we win them over.  Tonight is Angela's first party night
with us.  First Angela needs to learn that Sally and I are in charge, and
she is not to question us.  Then Angela will have a dozen orgasms tonight,
or even more if she wants.  She can go back to her boyfriend if she likes,
but he will never give her what we can give her."

     "We have these little parties once a month.  The office seemed
perfect for it.  There are all sorts of locked rooms here nobody knows
about.  Plus on a Saturday night, who could possibly walk in on us?"
And with that she stopped stroking my cock, and instead she squeezed
my balls until I screamed from the pain.

      "And now my sweet little sissy slut, you need to learn that I am
in charge of you too."

      Kathy left me for a moment contemplating her words.  Then she
 returned with a few toys.  She released me from the pole, keeping my
wrists still handcuffed.  She sat down on a chair, and motioned me
to lie over her lap.  I was slow to comply, and her eyes flashed with
anger.  She roughly pulled me over her lap.

     "Do you really think you have any choice in the manner?" she asked
me, as she rubbed and played with my ass.

     "No," I replied meekly.

     "Damn right, you don't," she barked at me.  "You have noticed these
dildos we're wearing, haven't you?  They are for our pleasure.  Sometimes
a woman wants a big cock that's hard when she wants it hard, without all
the macho shit that's attached to a man."

     I didn't need a lesson on what a woman does with a dildo to please
herself, or what two women do together.

     "Listen up, sissy," Kathy continued.  "You will do what I or what
any other woman here tonight tells you to do, exactly and without any
hesitation.  Or else I will tell every woman to line up, and one by one
we will fuck your ass silly.  In fact, we may end up doing that anyway.
You'd love that, wouldn't you?"

     "No, please don't do that," I begged.  I had always thought Kathy
hated me.  I didn't doubt for a minute that would do just what she proposed.

     And with that, Kathy started spanking me.  First she started with
her hand, spanking me sharply on each ass cheek.  I could hear Angela
being spanked as well, and sometimes we were spanked in unison.  The
first few spanks merely stung, but Kathy increased their intensity and
before long I was crying in pain.

     She tired spanking me with her hand, but then she picked up one of
her toys.  It was a ping pong paddle, and before she used it she made
me kiss it.

     "Why you little slut, you got your precious lipstick over my paddle,"
she yelled at me as she showed me the lip print.  It was an extra
humiliation seeing my own lip print on it.  "I'll just have to spank you
with the paddle until your ass is as purple as your lipstick, won't I?"
 And she whaled away with her paddle on my ass, as I cried in pain.  She
would stop once in a while to admire my ass color and to feel how warm
my ass was, and then she would go on and paddle my ass again.  I begged
her to stop, and by now I knew I was beaten, but physically and mentally,
and I understood her power over me.

     She told me to stand, and she recuffed me to the pole with my hands
behind my back.  At least I could rub my own ass.

     "Well little sissy, you seemed to enjoy being spanked, didn't you?"
she asked me.

     I didn't understand how she could say that.  My ass was on fire, and
the tears were still streaming down my face.

    "You must have enjoyed it.  Your cock is bigger than ever," she
explained.  I felt Kathy gently touch my cock, and she was right.

     But she wasn't done.  She found some pink ribbon, fondled my balls, and
then wrapped my balls up tightly in ribbon, separating them and making them
look pronounced.  Then she held my cock with one hand as she lightly but
rapidly paddled my balls with the other.  That was excrutiating.  I closed
my eyes, not wanting to watch her work over my tender balls.  She finished
by taking another pink ribbon and tying it around my cockhead.

     "Maybe we should let each woman decorate your cock and balls with
colored pens?  Wouldn't that be fun?" she asked sarcastically.  Then she
walked away and in a loud voice she announced, "I'm done with him.
Sally, do you want to be next?"

     Sally came over to me.  She looked me over, up and down, like I
was a piece of meat on display.  She paused to tighten the ribbons on my
cock and balls, which made me jump.  Then she smiled.  "I just love
pretty girls, especially when they have that slutty look, like you have
right now.  And there's nothing sluttier than your purple eyeshadow,
Sweetie," she teased me.  I felt humiliated, knowing she was right.

     Sally looked at my face for a long time.  I felt scared.  Not only
did I not want whatever she was about to do to happen, I especially didn't
want it to happen from her.  She was scary, and I just didn't find her
attractive.  Sally then held my face with both her hands.  First she
tenderly kissed away my tears.  Then she kissed me.  She kissed me hard,
as if she were the man and I were the woman, kissing me in a ruthless,
demanding way.  I now realized how controlling and demeaning this was,
as I was powerless to stop the assault of her lips and her tongue on mine.

     She forced me to kneel, still handcuffed to the pole behind me.
There I was, looking right at the head of Sally's dildo.  Sally teasingly
rubbed it against my face and gently slapped my cheeks with it.  "You'd
love it, sissy, wouldn't you.  You'd love to suck this cock.  Go ahead,
and say it.  In fact, beg me for it"

     No, that is not what I would love to do, I thought.  But nothing
would be gained from telling her that.

     "Please let me suck your cock," I found myself saying.

     Sally gave a throaty laugh.  She too, just like Kathy, knew full
well how much power she had over me.

     "First give it a little kiss, sissy.  Just the head of it.  A little
kiss," she commanded.  I felt revulted by the thought, but I kissed it.

     "You are a slut, honey," she ridiculed me.  But then she pulled the
dildo away, and removed it from its harness.  "That's not really why I
wanted you kneel down, sissy."

     Sally pushed my face into her pussy, holding onto my ears.  Now
normally no one likes to eat pussy more than me.  It was just the idea
that it was Sally's, that bothered me.  But I tried to forget that.  She
was dry, but I kissed her outer lips and licked them slowly until she
opened up.  I inserted my tongue, and I licked and sucked to Sally's
verbal commands and her pulling on my head.  She knew exactly how she
wanted to be eaten, and she let me know.  We got into a rhythm, and I
knew it would not be long until she came.   When she came, she squeezed
my head into her groin hard, and I thought I was going to suffocate.
Eventually her orgasm slowed, and she released my head and allowed me
to stand, still tethered to the pole.

     "Not bad for a sissy," was as much of a compliment as she would
give me.  "Sissy?" I thought to myself.  I had given the great Sally
some damn fine oral sex, as good as her lesbian friends give.

      "Anyone else want him?" Sally asked the group, as she wandered off
somewhere else.

     Donna and Linda came over to me, together.  These were women in
their fifties, I guessed.  Donna was the receptionist, and I hadn't
realized that she was part of the Humans.  As receptionist, she was always
immaculately made up, and tonight she looked no differently.  Linda was a
little older and wore no makeup at work, but she got into the spirit
tonight and was heavily made up.  They too were in bras and panties,
but unlike nearly everyone else, they carried dildos in their hands
rather than wearing them.

     They commented that my face was a mess, having just come from Sally's
pussy, but they decided it would be more fun to just leave me that way.
I felt all wet and sticky from Sally's juices, and I couldn't do anything
about it.  A subtle torture.

     These two older women had much more subtlety in mind.  They were
not interested in playing with me at all.  They pushed a couch that was
on wheels over, and sat in it, right in front of me.  And they kissed
each other, very gently, toying with each other's tongues.  They kissed
much slower than I would have, but I could see that they knew how to
slowly ignite each other's passions.  They removed each other's bra
and gently played with each other's nipples, alternately licking each
other, with some of the slowest foreplay I had ever seen.  They were in
no hurry, and they obviously knew how to turn each other on.
Finally the panties came off, and Donna inserted a dildo into Linda.  I
heard a buzzing sound, so I realized it was a vibrator.  Donna was
manually pushing the vibrator in and out of Linda, and Linda was going wild.

      I was also turned on by the whole scene, and I was straining against
my bonds, humping air.  This was their method of torturing me.   They no
longer had the bodies of their younger colleagues, but they knew how to
excite each other, and they knew it would frustrate me just watching them.

     After Linda came, it was Donna's turn, but they had another
frustration for me.  Linda made me open my mouth and accept the vibrator
that had been in her pussy.  She told me to suck on it and clean off all
the juices.  Then Donna stripped off her panties, but she put them over my
head.  Now I could not see what was going on, as I heard the buzz of a
second vibrator, presumably by Linda inserting it in Donna.  Meanwhile I
sucked the vibrator as she commanded, tasting her juices which were as
tasty as any younger woman's.

     Eventually the buzzing stopped, and I felt the panties being removed
from my head.  Linda then removed the vibrator from my mouth.  She
examined it and sniffed it.  Then she gave me a little kiss on the cheek.
"Thanks for the cleaning job, sissy," she told me.  I blushed as I
realized even Linda had found a way to humiliate me.  The two of them
moved on.

     Mary came over to me next.  Mary is thin and small, with long wavy
brown hair.  She always wears a tough look at work;  maybe it's her
defense for being short.  Mary never ever says hello to you at work;  I
can't imagine why.   She looked at my face. "Poor baby," she said to
me.  "I saw you go down on Sally.  But nobody cleaned your face
afterwards.  We'll have to fix that."  She went and got some paper towels
that she moistened in the sink, and then she tenderly wiped my face.
I couldn't imagine Mary as being nice to me.  "Thank you, Mary," I said
to her.

     Well, it must have been something I said, because that enraged her.
Suddenly she pivoted her hips and sharply slapped me across the face with
her hand.  She followed it up with another slap with the other hand.
"Don't ever speak to me," she screamed at me.

     I couldn't imagine why thanking her got her so angry.  She slapped
me several more times.  My hands were bound behind me to the pole, so I
could do nothing but take her slaps.  Then she stopped slapping me and
surprised me by licking both of my nipples.  This felt wonderful.  But
I realized Mary was manic and would quickly switch from tenderness to
sadistic.  After licking my nipples to little erections, she then
squeezed both of them at once between her thumb and forefingers.  I
have tender nipples and have no tolerance for pain in them.  I screamed
so loudly I thought the lobby guard would hear me.  Mary just grinned evilly.
Then she grabbed my face and kissed me.  What a crazy bitch.  Before I could
recover from her kiss, she put her hands on my shoulder, and kneed me in
the groin.  I thought I would throw up from the pain, as I slumped to the
floor.  I thought the little bitch could not do any more damage, but with
me laying on the floor, she pressed the heel of her high heel shoe onto my
balls, threatening to crush them and provide indescribable pain.  I
pleaded with her with my eyes not to do this.  She laughed at me, and
decided not to finish me off.

     At this point I was in great pain, and I wondered who would work me
over next.  Jessica came over.  Jessica has very thick black hair, big
succulent lips, and has always struck me as being a rich bitch.  Now
Jessica was not in bra and panties like everyone else, but she was in a
French maid's outfit.  A tight low-cut and short black dress, fishnet
stockings, heels, and a little white apron.  She had a tray and a glass of
white wine on it.  She knelt down and offered me the wine.  She fed it to
me, as my hands were behind me.  I coughed, but drank her gift of wine.

     As I began to recover from Mary's beating, I shrank away from Jessica.
I wondered if after a little kindness, she would beat me too.

     "No, you don't have to worry about me," she said.  "I'm not into all
this violence against you or against men.  I like men."

     "Then what are you doing in all this?" I asked her.  "And why the
maid's outfit?"

     "I need to survive in this company and this department, so that's why
I'm here," she explained.  "You forget before Angela, who the newest
department member is.  Me.  They put me under their thumb, just like they
are doing to Angela.  But this lesbian love stuff is not so bad.  In fact,
you probably haven't been paying attention to Angela, but she has never
had as many orgasms as she's had tonight."

     I looked over towards Angela.  I could not see perfectly without my
glasses, but there were three women ministering to her, and Angela was
moaning with pleasure.

     Jessica continued.  "Until tonight I was the newest member.  So
each month they give me the maid duties.  I serve refreshments.  I go
around, giving a lick here, a kiss there, whatever they ask me to do.  I
have had a few orgasms tonight too.  But this is my last week in the
maid's outfit.  Next week Angela has to wear it, and I get full department
rights to make love to whomever I want."

     "Well, I think Angela has to wear it," Jessica reconsidered.  Then,
smiling at me, "Maybe they'll make you wear it instead."

     It never occurred to me that Kathy and company would make me return
again.  But why not, they certainly had enough blackmail material on me.

     "What's the deal with Mary?" I asked.

     "Oh Mary.  I don't think she knows whether she likes men or truly
hates men.  When she was younger, guys used to take advantage of her,
especially because she is so tiny.  But she learned martial arts, and she
has a lesbian partner, so she just has no use for men.  Except that she
wants to have a baby.  You gave her the perfect opportunity to dish out a
guilt-free beating, so she took it.  Don't take it personally."

     An odd comment. Don't take it personally?  Who was the one who got his
balls personally crushed?

     "I see.  Well, what can I do for you, Jessica?" I asked.

      Jessica thought about that for a moment.  "Truthfully, there's not
too much I can't get from the other girls.  But there is something they
have not done for me."

     With that she told me to kneel, and she pulled up a chair in front
of me.  She removed her heels.

     "I really wish you could massage my feet," she told me.  "But I don't
think I had better release your hands.  How about if you kiss my feet?"

     I love a lot of the things about the female body, but I am not a
foot guy.  Jessica presented one of her stockinged feet to my face.
She had been wearing shoes for a while, and her foot smelled like feet smell.
But Jessica had been nice to me, and had asked me to kiss her foot rather
than commanding me, so I did.  She got bolder, and directed me to kiss
it all over, top and bottom.  Meanwhile she used her other foot to
massage my cock and balls.  Then she told me to suck her toes, through
her stockings.  "You know, make believe they are little penises," she
said.  Well, I didn't need that image!  But there was something
deliciously humiliating about sucking her toes, and her other foot in
my crotch was kind of nice.  So I attacked my job of sucking her toes
with gusto.  Jessica closed her eyes and started fondling herself.  She
was in her own space, moaning softly, probably fantasizing about someone
besides me, and she came.

     When she calmed down, she gave me a sensuous kiss on the lips, and
then she wandered off somewhere else in the room.

     I was pleased to see that my next companion was a smiling Judy.
Judy said nothing for the longest time.  Her breasts were hanging out of
her bra, and they had lipstick marks on them, so someone had been kissing
them.  Her large brown aureola looked inviting.  She played with a nipple
with one hand, as she stroked her monstorous dildo with the other.  She
watched my reaction carefully.  My eyes opened wide, a mixture of lust
for her beautiful body, and fear for what she might do with that dildo.
My cock made it obvious how much she turned me on.

     She gently put her hands on my face.  "Poor baby," she cooed at me.
"Do I make you all hot and bothered?"  I nodded excitedly.  She smiled at
me seductively.  "You'd love to my suck my nipples, wouldn't you?  All men
do.  But you know, men don't know how to suck nipples.  I have yet to find
one who knows how to do it right.  On the other hand, the women in this
department, . ," and she looked on dreamily, not bothering to finish her
sentence, although the implication about how much she enjoyed lesbian
love was clear.

     "I could really use a good fuck," she announced.  For the briefest
moment my heart raced with excitement.  "Oh no," she laughed as she knew
immediately how I would react.  She looked disdainfully at my cock.
"Not with you.  I think I'll just fuck myself with my dildo."  I sighed.
I knew it was too good to be true.

     "But my dildo is so dry," she whined, in almost a baby voice, as
she continued to stroke it suggestively.  "A gentleman like you wouldn't
want me to get hurt, would you?"  I shook my head `No'.  "Maybe you could
help me.  Do you think you could, you know, lick it for me a little?"
she asked, batting her beautiful eyelashes, so innocently, although
she obviously had been setting me up all along.

     Without waiting for a reply from me, although it wouldn't have
mattered to her what I said, she removed her strap-on dildo from its
harness, and prepared to put it in my mouth.  I found this idea completely
humiliating, but I figured resistance was futile, and I did remember what
Kathy had said about lining everyone up.  Just as Judy's dildo was
about to go in, she decided something was wrong.  "Wait.  What happened
to all the lipstick I carefully put on you?

     Obviously my lips had had a busy evening, and it was still early.

     "We can't have this sorry state of affairs, can we?" Judy asked, in
mock seriousness.  "I think this is disgraceful.  I mean, you can't very
well fix your own makeup, can you?  I think it should be the responsibility
of whoever messes up your lipstick, to fix it, don't you?"  That struck me
as pretty ridiculous, and thinking back, I wasn't sure if it was Kathy or
Sally who had messed up my lipstick.  I certainly didn't want Sally back
again.  But Judy decided she would do the repair work herself, and she
left briefly to get one.

     She returned with a lipstick.  She unscrewed it and made me admire
the deep reddish brown color.  Then she put it under my nose and made me
inhale its scent.  Finally she held my face with one hand, as she firmly
applied the lipstick to my lips with the other.  Her own tongue was
darting in and out as she painted my lips, and it looked like she was
enjoying herself.

     "That's a nice shade of cocksucking red," she said, as she admired her
job on my lips.  I blushed at the thought, but Judy gave me no time to
think about it.  She brought her dildo to my lips, and she told me to
use my tongue to just touch its tip.  Then she had me kissing the tip,
licking it up and down, and finally she was inserting it in my mouth
and pulling it in and out.

     Meanwhile she was fondling my cock with her other hand.  Just as
Jessica had done, she was turning
me on while making me do something I otherwise would never had wanted to
do.  Judy varied the speed that she would piston the dildo in my mouth,
continually keeping me off balance.  At the same time, she was teasing me,
telling me how much I must be enjoying sucking her dildo because how hard
I was getting, and telling me how hot it was to see my lipstick coming off
on the dildo.  My emotions were conflicting, but she was making me love it.

     I actually was enjoying sucking her dildo, when she abruptly pulled
it out of my mouth and sat down right in front of me.  I thought of asking
her if I could have it back, but stopped myself from that humiliation in
time.  Unfortunately she also released her hand on my cock too.  She then
took her dildo, which I had made extremely wet for her, and plunged it
into her pussy right in front of me.  She masturbated herself furiously,
her eyes never leaving mine, as she enjoyed the frustration she was causing
me.  She was enjoying herself immensely, while I was inches away, getting
no relief.  She pounded that dildo in her, until she came.

      "Say Angela, now it's your turn with sissy," Sally announced.
Angela staggered over to me, accompanied by all the other women.
Angela is about 22, probably just out of college, and usually has the
clean-cut girl-next-door look.  She is pretty, with shoulder length dark
hair that she wears in a little flip.  She was elaborately made-up tonight,
and did look kind of sexy.  There were lipstick marks of various
shades all over her body.  I remembered Kathy's earlier words to me;
Angela looked like she probably had a dozen orgasms tonight.  She
seemed dazed, but happy.  She was also a little drunk from too much wine.

      Kathy released my wrists from the pole where they had bound me.
She also untied the ribbons that had been around my cock and balls.  The
group led me over to a mattress, and had me lay on my back.

      "What do you think, Angela?" asked Kathy.  "The one way you haven't
had an orgasm all night is from a guy.  Interested in one last fuck?"
Kathy asked Angela.  This sounded pretty good to me.  Although I had been
fondled various times all night, I had gotten no release.

     Angela was probably not interested in one last fuck, but I think by
this time she knew that her job was to agree with her boss, so she said
"Sure."

     Angela no doubt had a pretty moist pussy, and I was already hard,
so as the women moved Angela into the woman-atop position over me, it
looked like we would just go right to it.  But Kathy had one more
humiliation for me.

     You know, Angela," began Kathy.  "You've had some pretty big dildos
inside you tonight.  If we let sissy fuck you with his little thing,
well, you may never go back to men at all."

     Angela and I were both mystified by this.  The other women knew
Kathy must have been leading up to something.

     "Tell you what we're going to do," Kathy continued.  Kathy produced a
big black dildo.  Then she put the dildo over my cock, and strapped it on
me.  The dildo was hollow, and simply engulfed my penis.  The women were
howling with laughter at me.  They then positioned Angela over me.  Angela
opened her pussy lips, knelt over me, and in one move I was inside her.
Well, I think I was inside her.  I didn't feel anything.

     As her friends urged her on, Angela and I thrust together, and Angela
enjoyed a fucking from a dildo much bigger and wider than I could have
given her.  I continued to thrust, getting no benefit from this at all,
until she came.

     Someone unstrapped the dildo from me and removed it from my penis.
Kathy told Angela to leave it inside her for now.

     "I think we need one more ceremony before we conclude tonight's
activities," announced Kathy to the crowd.  "I think everyone has come
about as many times tonight as they cared to.  Except poor sissy here.
Sissy hasn't come at all.  Jessica, bring over an empty wine glass."
Jessica did this.

     "Judy, do you have any lipstick in hot pink?" Kathy asked.  "Why
don't you do sissy's lips one more time in a nice shade of hot pink
lipstick," she ordered.  Judy found a pink lipstick and stroked it on me.

     "Now sissy, it's your turn.  We want to watch you jerk yourself off
into the wine glass."

     I was not sure I could perform in front of all these women.  They
heckled me, and commented on my form, as I stroked myself.  They told me
how cute I looked jerking off while wearing pink lipstick.   I looked
around at each woman, especially the ones I thought look the sexiest, and
I used them for inspiration.  It didn't take me long to come, and I aimed
it in the wine glass.

     Kathy took the wine glass from me and examined it.  She told the group
it didn't look like I ejaculated very much, although if the group has so
little male contact I wondered if she had much basis for comparison.

    Then she asked Angela to remove the big black dildo that was still
inside her.  Angela gave it to Kathy, and Kathy took it and put it in
the wine glass with my ejaculation.  She swirled it around until it was
covered with my milky liquid.

     "Now clean it off, sissy," Kathy commanded me.  I shuddered with this
thought, having never tasted sperm.  Tina and Linda held my arms, as Kathy
approached me with the wine glass. "Angela, why don't you do the honors?"

     Angela held the dildo by the end and put it to my lips.  I clenched
my lips shut.  Someone reached out and pinched my nipple with her nails.
I opened my mouth to scream, and Angela quickly filled it with her dildo.

    "Suck, suck, suck" the group chanted in unison.

     The dildo tasted as a mixture of things.  There was the taste of
the rubber dildo itself, which I had experienced several times this
evening.  There were the remnants of Angela's pussy juices.  Although I
had not tasted her juices before, I had tasted many women over the years,
and several that night.  The remaining taste must have been me.  It was
sticky and salty, and really not that unpleasant.  But Angela pushed it
in and out of my mouth, and as ten women watched and chanted the humiliation
of the act was overwhelming.

     "Is this your first taste of sperm?" Kathy asked me.  My mouth was
full, so all I could do was nod.

     "I thought so," replied Kathy.  "That's why I wanted Judy to do your
lips in pink."

      I didn't get it.

     "You know, pink lipstick, like what an innocent virgin might wear.
More like the innocent virginal sperm sucking cocksucker you are.  Or so
you say you are."

     "Keep sucking until you've swallowed all that disgusting sperm, sissy."

     The women were hysterical with laughter.


             THE  END.
   (This is a Cindy V story.  Please leave my name with it.  Thanks.)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cindy V(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





