BDSM Library - Ellen's Fall




Ellen's Fall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A prudish executive secretary deals with her divorce by taking some risks and pays the price by becoming a slut.
Ellen's Fall - Chapter One

Note:  This is a work of fiction.  None of the character's are based on truth
but are a figment of the author's imagination.  This is a fantasy, not reality. 
Fantasies should remain just that...fantasy.
______________________________________________________________

Ellen had grown more depressed and erratic since her divorce from Jack 8 months
earlier.  While it was only a 5 year marriage, she was surprised how much she
missed having a constant companion, regardless of how annoying he might be. 
Soon, the depression caused began to affect her work as an executive secretary
at a major investment firm in Atlanta.  Ellen was a beautiful but proper looking
35 year old blonde with shapely legs, bottom and hand sized breasts that she
always wished were bigger.  Her outfits at work always hid the body she worked
on religiously, but her self-esteem forbid her wearing anything else.

Work was an obsession for Ellen.  It was the balance in her life.  Her
loneliness was beginning to cause her to seek other ways to spend her time,
other than dreary, hard and non-gratifying work.  Her daily routine of work,
returning to her tiny apartment and visiting the gym no longer was enough.  It
began with taking long walks to areas of the city she had spent little or no
time.  Gradually, she began to stop and have a drink somewhere or eat dinner at
places which were known to serve the singles scene.  And, over several months,
her curiosity got the best of her and she began to do things and have courage
she never thought she had.  While her work outfits remained the same prim and
proper style, her evening outfits became a bit more revealing.  Slacks turned
into skirts and blouses turned into slightly revealing tops.  Nothing outrageous
of course, but not the Ellen everyone knew and relied upon.

The man that asked for her number that one Friday evening at the bar caught
Ellen a bit of guard, but she was flattered and gratefully provided to him with
little hesitation.  The three gin martinis had opened the way, of course.  The
next day, a message was waiting for her on her answering machine when she
returned from work.  And, that night she was at dinner with him.  Before she
knew it, she was awake in her bed the next morning with a dreadful headache and
naked with her clothes crumpled on the floor.

"Owww...my head.  I don't remember going to bed..."  Ellen whispered lowly to
avoid added pain to her headache.

She swept aside the sheets and walked naked to her kitchen to make coffee.  Her
tanned legs ached a bit from her sleep and she wished she had worn her robe as
all the windows were open.  But, fortunately, no one was around.  Ellen wondered
what had happened to her dinner date. 

"How did I get home?" she asked and peered outside to her car in the parking lot
out front.

The red light blinked on her machine.  After making a bit of coffee, she pressed
the play button and open her newspaper left at her doorstep.

"Ellen, this is Dan, your dinner date.  I had a great time last night.  And, so
did you.  I left a momento of our date for your on your email.  Take a look." 
Click.

"What in the world was he talking about, momento?" she asked.

Her nudity quickly was replaced with her favorite robe and she turned on her
computer.  Her anticipation was only restricted a bit by her headache.  She
quickly signed on and saw that she had one email from SLUTMASTER28.  She clicked
the message.

	To:      Ellen Jackson
	From:  SLUTMASTER28
	Re:	Momento

Attached please find a few pictures from last night.  Unless you wish for
everyone on your office mail list to get it, meet me at the corner of Elm and
Peachtree at 10 a.m. sharp.  You are to wear exercise shorts and a sports bra
and shoes.  No underwear.  Be on time and be dressed as instructed, Slut.

	Dan
	
Ellen turned red quickly in anger and shock.  She opened the pictures and her
jaw dropped.  In the first, she was sucking someone unknown person's dick.  In
the next, she was being fucked from behind by some unknown person.  They got
worse.  In another, she was receiving oral sex from some woman - only the back
of the woman's head was seen.  She looked at her watch.  It was 9:00 a.m. 

By instinct, she jumped into her bedroom and shed her robe.  Within minutes she
was brushing her teeth while wearing short blue exercise shorts and white sports
bra and sneakers with ankle socks.   Quickly, she got in her car and sped to the
corner located in the red light district of Atlanta.

"What have I done?  What have I gotten into?  I can't let him send those
pictures..." she thought to herself.

She parked her car behind an adult bookstore.  Ellen walked briskly to the
street corner and waited....9:55 a.m.  Eyes were on her by the passers by.  Her
was this beautiful woman in tiny exercise clothes on a street corner.  She
didn't look like the typical prostitute.  She burned red with humiliation as she
knew what they must be thinking.

Soon, a black Mercedes pull up....it was Dan.  The window opened.

"Hey, babe, how much?" asked Dan with a wicked smile.

"W-what?  I'm not a hooker...." Ellen spuddered.

Dan laughed.  "Get in, slut," he barked.

Rather than wait outside and be the subject of further stares, she got in.

"What are you doing?  You can't blackmail me!" she said as her eyes began to
water.

"Blackmail is such a dirty word"

"But, you can't do this to me?  What do you want," asked Ellen.

"Oh, nothing too much.  I find you very appealing and I want more of your time. 
Can you give it to me."

"Y-yes."

"Good."

Dan began to speed away and soon was on the interstate. 

"Ellen, I don't like those clothes on you.  Take them off."

"But, I will be naked," pleaded Ellen.

"Ellen, listen, I will send those pictures to your office.  How will they be
received?  I'm sure they would love to see you sucking my cock and taking it up
the ass.  It will do wonders for your career."

Ellen hesitated.  Before she knew it, her shorts were at her ankles and soon
balled up on the floor of the car.  Her nicely shaved pussy was exposed and soon
the shorts had company with her bra.  She was naked and in a car with a
stranger.  Instinct forced her to cover her breasts and pussy.

"Now, now, that modesty of yours will soon have to go, my slut."

"I am not a slut!"
"You will be.  Throw the clothes out the window," said Dan.

Ellen did as she was told and panicked.  She was naked except for her sneakers. 
Dan began to drive into a wooded area outside of the City that was marked as
private property.  He stopped the car next to a wooden gate with a home on the
top of a big hill about 2,000 yards away.

"Get out."

"What?!  I-I can't, I'm naked," pleaded Ellen.

"Get out and run up to the house.  If I beat you up there, those pictures are
going to the office," said Dan.

Ellen quickly exited the vehicle and ran up the hill.  Dan followed her slowly
and got a big kick out of watching this prudish but hot blonde running up a hill
naked with sneakers.  Her breasts jiggled and her ass had a sexy way about it. 
Soon, she was out of breath and collapsed onto the ground at the foot of the
front door to the house.  Dan parked his car in the barn and walked up to her.

"Slut, get up," Dan said.

Ellen stood, but now she had a dirty bottom and sweaty look about her.  Defiance
broadcasted from her eyes.

End of Chapter One




Chapter Two

Ellen was living a nightmare.  She was naked with a stranger at a strange
location.  She was breathing heavy from the run up the hill and was sweaty.  She
ran her hands over her bottom in an attempt to remove some of the dirt.  Then
she realized that she was naked, what was the point, she thought.

"Follow me into the house slut," Dan ordered.

The house was quite nice.  Ellen figured Dan was a man of substantive means. 
Her combination of anger and embarassment was almost overwhelming.

As she walked into the foyer and the front room, she examined the nice
furnishings.

"Slut, here are the rules:  First, you are filthy.  You will go in the back yard
and wash yourself off with a hose.  Second, you will come in and your new
clothes will be setting on the kitchen table.  You have 10 minutes."

Dan pointed to the rear hallway.  She hesitated and then realized that she
should not get into anymore trouble.  Dan admired her ample breasts and
conservative mannerisms.  Here was a woman that did not know what she was
getting into.

Ellen walked in the backyard and found the hose.  Tears streamed from her face
as she washed herself like some animal out in the open.  Without a towel, she
tripped dried for a few minutes and then returned into the house.  She walked to
the kitchen table and found her new outfit. 

"What in the world is this?" she asked herself.  Dan was not in the room.

It was a maid's outfit, but no maid's outfit she had ever seen.  It was short,
very short and barely would cover her breasts.  It was too small by several
sizes.  And stockings and garter belt was included. 

"I will not wear this!  I am not a maid!" she thundered.  Her indignant behavior
returned.

Dan returned.  "What was that you said, slut?"  Dan barked.

"I will not wear this! What do you want from me?"  she asked.

"I tell you what.  What I want is simple.  I want you to move in here as my
maid.  Just work here for a month.  You will quit your job and sell your things.
In return, you will have the pictures.  You can easily get another job with a
law firm."

"B-but, I that is my life.  I-I can't do that."  Ellen stammered.

"Sure you can, Ellen Slut," Dan responded wryly.  He knew he had her in an
impossible position.  The pictures would result in her losing her job anyway and
poison the well for future jobs with other firms in the city, if not state.

"How will I know if you gave me all the pictures?"  she asked.

"I will gladly show you the negatives and my proofs,"  he responded.

She thought that would work.  Ellen was very confused and frustrated that she
had gotten herself into this position.  She loved working for large lawfirms and
did not want to ruin her future and she knew that she could get another job with
a lawfirm.

"Ok, fine.  I will do it,"  Ellen responded.

"Great, slut.  I will have the papers drawn up by tomorrow.  Just as simple
power of attorney, sale of condo and that type of thing.  I will need you to go
to my attorney's office tomorrow.  You have a lot of work to do.  I want you to
go home, pack all your clothes into garbage bags and set them outside your door
in 4 hours.  I will have someone pick them up."

"B-but, why?" Ellen asked.

"I will allow that question for now.  Ellen, you will not need them over the
next month.  I will hold them for you."  answered Dan.

She was bewildered, but had a strange sense of relief knowing she had found a
solution. 

"May I leave now?" 

"Yes, go.  Be at the address on the card tomorrow at 9 a.m.  You will receive
new instructions at that time."  Dan said as he handed here a business card: 
Ronald Johanssen, Attorney at law.

Oh god, I know that name, Ellen thought.  Fortunately, it was a sole
practictioner, a minor player that had no contact with her law firm.  Ellen took
the card and grabbed the outfit.  From the manner Dan was looking at her, she
understood that she was to dress there.

The black stockings fit perfectly and she stumbled a bit with the garter belt as
she was not familiar with them.  The skirt was lycra and very short -- almost
impossible to bend completely over without exposing her bottom.  The panties
were a french cut thong.  The top revealed a great deal of her breasts -- only
exaggerated by the miracle bra.  When she was done, she looked at herself in the
bathroom mirror down the hall. 

This was not Ellen the executive secretary...she was something out of a porno
movie.  She did look good, despite wet hair.

"Very good, Ellen slut.  I will drive you home," Dan said.  He walked out the
door and Ellen struggled to walk in the high heels.  They got in the car and the
drive was silent.

"W-why do you want me, Sir?"  Ellen asked.  "You are beautiful, Ellen.   But you
do not deserve to be a woman in authority.  You should serve me, you are a slut,
you should be a domestic," Dan said firmly.

How dare him, she thundered to herself, I have a college degree and have over 20
secretaries reporting to me.

Dan could tell Ellen was struggling with the statement.  He pulled up to her
condo and stopped.  There were a group of college kids from next door standing
by a car as someone was leaving.  Ellen was freaked by the idea of them seeing
her. 

"C-can you drive me around until they leave," she pleaded.

"What do you think," he said.

Fine.  She opened the door and he pulled away.  She ran has fast as she could,
losing her balance a bit.  She could feel her breasts juggling as she ran.  The
college boys saw her and elbowed each other in attempt to point her out to less
observant members of the group.  They figured she was a prostitute or fetish
dancer for a party.

Ellen walked to her door and opened it as quickly as possible.  She collapsed on
her couch in tears for 30 minutes.  Finally, she got up and changed her clothes
into a shorts and a tshirt.  She looked at her watch and realized that she
better get working fast. She had 2 hours to get bags backed.

The phone rang. 

"Hello," she answered.

"I hope you aren't wearing anything but your new outfit."  It was Dan.

"uh, no Sir!" Ellen said weakly.  She was already pulling down her shorts as she
answered.  She was mad at herself for acting so fearfully.

"Good [click]"

Ellen hung up and put the phone down.  Great, I am dressed like this in my own
house, she thought.  She took out her box of garbage bags and began the process
of packing her clothes.

She nicely laid out her tailored business suits and silk blouses, 25 in all. 
That alone took 10 bags.  Next came her slacks and casual clothes. Another 12
bags.  Finally, she came to her undergarments.  Surely, she thought, he didn't
mean these.  She knew the answer and began to pack them up.  90 minutes later,
she was tired and all her clothes, everything she owned, were packed in bags. 
She began to place them outside her garage door.  Fortunately, no one saw her. 
She finished promptly 5 minutes before her deadline and prepared for bed.  She
took off her uniform and went to her bedroom to put on her favorite
pajamas...only to realized they were packed.

"Shit," she thought and crawled into bed naked.  In 5 minutes she was asleep.

An hour later when Ellen was sleeping away her nightmare, the second-hand
clothing store van pulled up.  The driver looked at the number on the garage and
realized he was at the right place.  He was shocked at the large number of
bags...jackpot.  He mumbled to himself that he was glad he came.  It was unusual
for someone to call and give him only an hour to pick up clothes..."premium
shit" he recalled the gentlemen saying.  In 10 minutes, he was leaving. 
Everything Ellen owned for clothing was gone.

                         *     *     *    *

Ellen woke groggily at 7 a.m.  She stepped out of bed and went as if on
autopilot to the bathroom to her robe.  She realized that it was gone, too and
took a shower after having some coffee.  Great, little Miss Maid again today,
she thought after putting her outfit on.  Within an hour she was in her car
driving into the city for her appointment.  She parked at the attorney's office. 
"What a hellhole," she thought.

Ellen got out of the car and was comforted at least that no one would recognize
her in this neighborhood.  She walked into the office.  A 19-y.o. receptionist
was in the middle of the room and looked Ellen up and down.

"May I help you lady?" the receptionist asked.

"Yes, I have an um-appointment with Mr. Johannsen.  I am Ellen Simpson," said
Ellen.

Ellen had to wait for 2 hours before she was called into Mr. Johannsen's office. 
By the time, plenty of other clients got an eyefull at this slut in the office. 
She sat on the chair in front of his desk.  Mr. Johannsen got up and shook her
hand.

"Good to meet you Ms. Simpson," he said with a smile as he took in the sights.

"I wish I could say the same.  What is this about?"  she asked rather icily.

"Well, Ellen, if I can call you that...Dan asked me to prepare some papers.  He
said you had talked about it already.  Well, anyway, the first one is a power of
attorney.  It provides that Dan will be in legal control over your financial and
legal interests for a period of 30 days.  It is routine.  The second is a
contract for sale of your condo.  Dan has offered a nice sum for it, well above
appraised value."

"Wait, we nevered talked about selling my house!" Ellen said.

"Shall we call Dan...perhaps you two need to talk," Mr. J. responded.

"No, no, I know what the answer will be, never mind," said a defeated Ellen. 
After all, it was a nice and she could always buy another after this nightmare
was over.

"The next document is a change of title to your Volvo to Dan as well.  It
provides that ownership will return to you after the end of 30 days.   let me
see here, of yes, here we go, a Petition for Name Change.  yes, this provides
for your change of name to Bambi Easyton.  The understanding is that you would
change your name back after 30 day, if you want."

Another new item, well, he was right, she could change it back.

"The last items are an employment contract and letter of resignation.  You will
serve as a domestic aide to Dan for 30 days.  There is the typical non-compete
clause.  Nothing special.  Your letter of resignation is effective immediately
and I will fax it for you to your old boss," said Mr. J.

He handed her the pen.  By this time she was so flustered and upset, she signed
quickly to get the heck out of here.

"Excellent, we will mail you copies to your new address later today.  It was a
pleasure meeting you, Bambi," said Mr. J.

"What?  Oh, yeah, sure," said a red-faced Ellen/Bambi.

"Oh, one thing, I will need your keys to your house and car,"

"Oh, um, sure," as she handed him the keys.

In return, he handed her a handwritten note from Dan:

BAMBI -

YOU HAVE DONE WELL.  MR. J'S RECEPTIONIST WILL DRIVE YOU TO MY HOUSE.  CLEAN THE
HOUSE BY EVENING.  BE AT MY HOUSE BY 10 A.M.  NO EXCUSES.  FAILURE TO FOLLOW
INSTRUCTIONS WILL RESULT IN DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN ITEMS.

DAN

Bambi walked into the lounge and the receptionist reading a magazine.

"Um, you are to drive me, I understand."

"W-what, oh yeah," said the receptionist.  It was obvious she was annoyed.

Mr. J walked out and handed the receptionist the keys to a car.

"Monica, take the blue Volvo outside and drive Bambi to Dan's house, ok?

"Sure, Mr. J.," said Monica.  Monica was wearing a nice business outfit, short,
but nice.  Ellen/Bambi admired it after realizing what she was wearing.  She was
rather annoyed that she was being driving in her own car, but realized that it
was for only 30 days.

Bambi followed Monica to the car and got it.  They began to get onto Interstate.

"May I ask you a question?"  asked Monica.

"Uh- sure," said Bambi.

"Why are you dressed this way?"

"Um, I work for Dan, um, I don't know his last name."

"Wow, you don't know your bosses last name?"  asked Monica.

There was silence as Bambi was angered that this bimbo was criticising her!  She
was older and smarter and didn't like it one bit.

"Well, I need to stop by my house first to feed my dog," said Monica.

"No, I c-can't.  I have to be at Dan's by 10 a.m. or I will lose my job!"
snapped Bambi.

"Listen, I am giving you a ride out of the niceness of my heart.  You will have
to go along for the ride," shot Monica.

"I can't!  Listen, you don't understand how much trouble I will be in, " said a
hysterical Bambi.

Monica ponderd the situation.  Here was this attractive mid-30's woman, in a
french maid outfit pratically beggin her.  Monica was not the purest of persons
and had been bi-sexual for a year after experimenting her first year of college
before quitting and working for Mr. J.

"Well, I could be convinced to get you there," said Monica.

Holy shit, Bambi thought.  This can't be happening.  I am surrounded by
vultures, she thought.

"I have no money, I am sorry Monica.  Please, do me this kind favor.  I need
your help," said a meek Bambi -- a new personality for her.

"Tell you what, I will get you there, but I want you to do something for me,"
offered Monica.

They spoke for 2 minutes...a short time.  Monica's deal was rather simple.  Oral
sex for a ride.  Bambi had no choice.  They pulled into a side road and got in
the back seat.  Within minutes, Monica had hiked up her skirt and her panties
were in hand.  Bambi was on all fours and she got closer and closer to Monica's
trimmed pussy.

Ellen had never had any lesbian encounter before.  Now, Bambi did.  Monica
couldn't believe her luck.  An older women just getting her off.  She must be
new to this, she thought, but wow.....she did get her off.

Monica orgasmed in the back of Ellen's former car.  Bambi's mouth was wet with
Monica's juices and was disgusted by the act she had just peformed. 

She made it to Dan's by 9:59 sharp. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vance


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





