BDSM Library - A Wonderful day




A Wonderful day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A professional women/slut is serviced by her Master, who uses ropes, knives, tongs and beer bottle in new and interesting ways.
A Wonderful Day

Chapter 1

I had the most wonderful day today. The fun started when arrived home from work.
Master was waiting for me. From the smell of the pungent odor in the house and
the beer bottles in the sink, I could tell he had been partying for some time.
He must have gotten off early from his job at the gas station. As I came into
the kitchen, Master leaned back in his chair, took a swill from the beer bottle,
and shouted, "Take off that monkey suit and put on something I like!".

My loins twitched cause that meant I was going to receive his special treatment.
Since I was a Vice President of a bank, I had to wear suits. Master said the
dress clothes made me look good, but to receive pleasure I needed to wear
something to show what a slut I was. So I took off all me professional clothes
and put one of Master's old greasy XXL T-shirts. The sheer anticipation made my
insides sweat, and I felt moisture on my inner thighs and all over my sex.

As I entered the kitchen, Master came from the side and with both hands he
ripped the T-shirt half way down exposing my implants. "Get on the table. It's
time for an inspection" Master said, as I hopped onto the large mahogany table
and instinctively put my hands over my head.

As I lay with my face to the ceiling,  Master tied my hands together with some
nylon cord and then tied the rope tightly to the table post.  While I wasnervous
and excited about the pleasure I was about to receive, as always Master cold and
detached showing his special love for me in a way he said I needed it. .  Master
began the rest of the inspection by taking a large sharp frozen knife from out
of the freezer and boldly slicing the remainder of the T-shirt. While holding
the frozen knife softly to my throat, he cradled my right implant. "You finally
finished paying the money for these, haven't you slut?".

"Yes Master", I said, thanking the stars for having a good job which paid for
all our delightful toys.

Master ran the knife dull side down through my implants, over my stomach and let
it rest right next to my sex which almost bursting with desire. Using the
kitchen tongs. Master tried to "pinch an inch" from my stomach. Master loved a
toned body and flat stomach, so I did at least 100 sit-ups a day. The fact that
Master was not able to grab very much told me all the effort was worth it.
Master then moved the tongs down towards my sex area, which was flowing with
love juices. As Master pushed the tongs to open slit, my hips moved up to allow
for an insertion.

"Not yet, Slut", Master said strongly, "I want to make sure you're completely
shaved".

I knew I had done good job wiping out any trace of hair from my cunt. After a
few seconds, Master agreed and I was rewarded with the insertion of the head of
a beer bottle into my anus. As Master slowly inserted the bottle further, I felt
the slow beginnings of an orgasm. Once the bottle's neck touched my anal cheeks,
Master turned his attention to my hungry pussy. He spread my lips apart with the
tongs and gently pressed the cold knife flat side down over my mound towards my
erect clit. When the knife got to within a hair length of my clit, Master moved
the tongs down and then apart exposing me fully. I felt an eruption starting
deep inside my sex , so I began flicking my tongue towards Master's cock which
was now rock hard under a pair stained blue jeans. Master's cock in my mouth
would have made the moment complete, but he teased me by slowly withdrawing the
bottle.

"I want you to taste your pussy juices, slut!"  he said and applied the bottle
to the inside of my swollen wet primary hole. Master moved the bottle slowly
around so my juices ran all over the inside and outside of the bottle. Having
coated the coated the bottle neck, Master knew it was now time for me to taste
what I was missing.   At first he brought the bottle to his nose for a smell
check then down to my mouth. I licked the bottle and delighted in the taste of
my own wetness,  which was the next best thing to his cock. After a few seconds
of licking, Master moved on by slicing the rope with the butcher knife. Moving
me off the table while the rope still tied my hands together, Master placed me
in a kneeling position with my back to the wall. 

"Enough with your pleasure" Master said as he unloosed his pants exposing his
large throbbing cock. Love juices flowed and my orgasm began again because I
knew I was about to receive Master's best pleasure. 

Master cupped my head in his hands as he inserted his love weapon into my hungry
mouth. Moving slowly in and out, Master allowed me to taste and orally caress
the entire length of his shaft. Knocking my head gently against the wall he
penetrated my month completely.

"You can start playing with yourself, slut" Master said. I was overjoyed that
Master had shown such concern for my pleasure, but it didn't matter as the moans
from my orgasm were muffled by the slurping sound from my tongue.

Master let his hands go from my head and placed them high on the wall, so that
only his hips would do the talking. He bumped and ground in and out of my mouth,
as my fingers entered my pussy and released a final thunderbolt from deep inside
my sex. Finally, Master cupped my head with his left hand and started jerking
his cock directly in front of me with his right.  After a few seconds he
released his love all over my face. He finished off by wiping his pleasure tool
on my cheeks and telling me to lick him dry.

Our lovemaking now complete, Master zipped up his pants. "OK, Slut you did good.
Now clean up the house and put on your nice work clothes. I got a couple coming
over for a business deal".  I smiled to myself because I knew my fun had just
begun.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Drax


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





