BDSM Library - Michele's Mistake




Michele's Mistake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michele makes a grave mistake when she fires her secretary.
Michele's Mistake



All the usual disclaimers. You must be over 18 to read this. This story is pure
fantasy. You have been warned. This is for adults only!

NOTE:  There is no sex in this story.




     I am not sure when I really got the idea to carry out my plan, but I think
it was on the long drive home.  You see I had just been canned from my job by
this bitch Michele Johnson. She was nothing but a temp secretary originally.  In
fact, being office manager, I really was expecting to get the CEO job at my
accounting firm.  I had earned every step of it for the last 10 years.  I had
all the proper degrees and experience to pull it off, but now, this bitch
Michele had snatched it right from under my nose.  She is a beautiful brunette,
with shoulder length hair, and sexy, long legs, and a great body.  This was why
she had immediately impressed the boss with that and her sexy business suits and
accounting ideas.  My boss had given her the job and she was over me now.  What
an unbelievable switch it was, but that was only the first shock.  Right after
she was hired she decided to remove some 'dead wood' as she put it and I was the
first to go.  Now I know that she felt real threatened by me because I have
equal knowledge to hers, and that was the reason she axed me.  I was crying all
the way back home, while driving.   Suddenly this quirky idea hit me. I had
remembered this strange scene I had been witnessing with my zoom-in camcorder. 
It was one of those really hot summer days last year when I was just playing
around with it and I accidentally watched and heard a conversation, and an
incident, with the little girl next store to me.  Her name was Jenny.  She was
only thirteen years old and the other girl next to her house seemed to be trying
to bully her about raking leaves,

"My Mom wants me to rake all these leaves.  I think you should do it."  Linda
said in very commanding voice to Jenny.  Linda was in her last year of high
school and was 18 years old.
"No way, that is not my yard."  Jenny said with equal authority.
"Oh, yes you will," and Linda turned her back to the little girl and went to get
her rake; within an instant Jenny leaped on the back of the 18-year-old and was
all over her.  She quickly got her arms under Linda's and had her in a full
nelson.  All of it was just amazing.  Linda fought hard.  She tried to spin the
little girl off of her but with no luck.  She even tried to slip out under the
full nelson with her own arms, but she found that this little girl was real
strong for her size and height.  Jenny wasn't that tall, and she was very thin,
but she seemed to be very muscular for a 13-year-old.  She had blonde hair and
these intense green eyes that just bore right through you.  Finally, Jenny had
the upper hand, and with leverage, began to pull Linda's body backward and
arched her with the full nelson.

"So I was going to rake all your leaves hah Linda," and she quickly moved her
hand down to punch Linda's belly and then moved it right back to complete the
nelson again.
"Please, please let me go Jenny!"  Linda cried out.
"Shut up you big weakling, wait till everyone at school hears about how I beat
up a high schooler. And from now on I think you are going to do my back yard and
completely rake it for me.  And before you go to school you will give me all
your lunch money from now on, is that clear, you big weakling!"
"Urgh!  Owe!"  And Linda went tumbling down to the ground with her own backward
weight.  This was applied by the little girl's full nelson.  Jenny quickly got
on top of Linda to mount on her prey.  She got her in a complete school girl pin
and began to tweak and pinch her nose.  I was amazed at this spectacle of a
13-year-old beating up an 18-year-old and totally dominating her.  She continued
to pinch the bigger girl's nose,
"How about some leaves Linda, now open up," and she pinched her nose real hard
so she would have to open her mouth, then she crushed up some dead leaves and
made her eat them.
"Good girl, you must have been very hungry."  Jenny laughed and giggled as she
sat on top of the bigger girl.  She finally let Linda up,
"And from now on you will do all my homework for me too is that clear wimp?" 
And she punched the older girl's stomach with her fist.  Linda doubled over in
pain and then quickly ran into her house crying like a big baby.  Jenny just
walked away with this little evil grin.

	I had remembered this all too well while I was driving home from being
fired by that bitch.  Now I had the idea of getting this little girl to somehow
beat up Michele Johnson.  Of course I wasn't sure she could do it. I mean, now
she would have to take down a 32-year-old woman who was CEO of this large
accounting firm.  I had no idea of Michele's ability to fight or not to be able
to fight.  I was going on a pure hunch that this little 13-year-old tyrant could
possibly beat up an adult.   It was a long shot at best, but in my mind it was
worth it.  So the next day I put my plan into action and asked little Jenny if
she would carry out this plan I had.  After explaining to the girl what had
happened to me, Jenny was all too eager to try it for me.   In her mind, Michele
was just another big bully who needed to be taken down a few pegs.  The idea was
for Jenny to be swimming in Michele's pool when she got home from work.  This
would be convenient since Michele only lived right down the street.  I would be
following Jenny with my camcorder to record all the action.  Since the girl
always went out to play for a while before eating her supper, this would be no
problem, and so it took place.  I watched with my recorder while Michele Johnson
got out of her car to go into her house.  She was wearing another tight business
suit and skirt.  It was power red, and she wore a really nice silk white blouse. 
She heard the sounds of her pool and decided to take a look in her back yard
before she went into her home.  I followed, doing my best to remain hidden while
making sure my zoom lens was working, and that my special sound mic, with the
video cam was running properly too.  Jenny was swimming in her pink two-piece
bathing suit and she was swimming up a storm,

"What the hell are you doing in my swimming pool!  What is your name?"  Michele
commanded as she ran closer to the pool, "get your ass out of there girl!"

Jenny quickly got out of the pool and was standing in front of Michele,
"Hey, you got a towel?"  The brazen, little girl asked.
"The hell I do!  What is your name this instant, little girl?"
"My name is Jenny, what's yours?"  Her wet body was dripping all over Michele's
beautiful red shoes.  Michele stepped back a bit.
"I am Ms. Johnson, now what are you doing in my pool?  Where are your parents?" 
She asked as she gazed right into Jenny's piercing, green eyes.
"Oh, they live right down the block.  I was just pool hopping."
"Pool hopping!  Well...we will just see about that!  We are going to your
parents' house right this instant young lady!"  Michele reached out to take
Jenny's hand, but the little girl quickly jumped up and grabbed her neck.  She
had her arms wrapped around her neck and her legs were wrapped around Michele's
waist like an octopus holding on to the large woman and trying to pull her down. 
She stuck to the big woman like glue, and kept pulling.  Michele tried her best
to remove her, but could not get her off.  Slowly, after a few minutes of this
tug-o-war, Michele began to bend forward, with each and every tug her body was
beginning to get tired and weaker from the force being exerted on her neck and
back.  Jenny tightened her grip more and squeezed harder with her legs and
thighs.  She began to cramp up the bigger woman's waist and hips.

"Oh, ah, owe, emmm."  Michele cried out, as she was being yanked slowly but
steadily forward.  Finally, Jenny released her legs, as she was able to pull
Michele forward enough to allow her legs to reach the ground again; and then she
immediately applied a strong headlock to the hapless woman.  She began to pull
the older woman around and around in a circle, and it went faster and faster. 
It was incredible to see Michele gyrate and begin to lose her own footing.  She
was starting to be dragged around in a circle by this little girl as her legs
gave out and were sliding along the mud soaked grass;
in fact, she actually fell to her knees and was sliding along with the rest of
her body, which now seemed to be controlled in a rhythmic rotation by the
13-year-old.  Michele's knees were getting holes in them, as they were being
scraped along the grass and the edge of concrete.  Her knees were getting red. 
She tried desperately to remove the headlock but to no avail.

"Mmmph, ayee, eyee!"  Michele screamed.  She finally gave in to the circling
pressure and rode up along Jenny's hips.  She was flipped over them and right
onto her back, flat on the lawn.  Jenny remained holding her head and she
maintained the headlock while holding Michele down.  Michele's skirt was full of
mud and her jacket lost some of its buttons.  Even her blouse was muddy and all
soaked and wet from the little girl's dripping body.  She was moaning, probably
from all the pulling in her back and neck
that she got from Jenny.


"Ohhhhhh, oh,  get off me you little brat!"  Michele screamed.
Jenny just pinched her nose with her free hand,
"Now is that any way to speak to your betters."  The little girl said with an
evil grin on her face.
"I want you to squeal for me Ms. Johnson!"  She pinched her nose even harder.
"No, Nahhh, awwww..."
"That's it just like a piggy."
Ple...ase, sthaaaap, nawww..."
"Do it or I won't let go."  Jenny said looking right into the beaten woman's
eyes.
"Pweeease, weee, weeee, wee."  Michele squeezed the words out.  It was
incredible to see a grown woman being beaten up and made to squeal like a pig
right on her own lawn.
"That's it, louder, louder Ms. Johnson, you can do it."  Jenny giggled.

"Wee, wee, weeeeeeeeee..."

"Such a good little piggy."  Then Jenny began to roll her on her back
completely.  She moved her arms out into a pinned position. Then she quickly
moved up to straddle her with her knees.  Michele Johnson was effectively pinned
and humiliated by a 13-year-old.

"You need a facial Ms. Johnson."  Jenny said as she scooped up some dirt and
grass and rubbed it all over Michele's face.
"There, that is better now you look like a real piggy don't you?"
"Answer me?"  And she slapped the large woman's face with her hand.
"St.....stop."
"Then answer me!"
"y...yes, yes..."
"Yes what?"
"I....I look like a rrrrrr....eal piggy."
"That's right, now say I'm a piggy and I got my ass whipped by a 13-year- old
girl.  Say it you big wimp!"  Jenny placed her hand over the older woman's mouth
and nose and started smothering her.
"I....I can't breathe, please, mmmmmrrph."  Michele squirmed and squirmed,
gasping for air.  Jenny then released it.
"Then say it, say it you worthless wimp, you little pussy!"  She slapped her
again.
"I...I....I am a piggy and I g....ggg...ot my ass whipped by a 13-year-old." 
Finally the words poured out of Michele as she began to cry like a big baby.

"Lookie everyone!  I am beating up an adult!  I am beating up an adult!"  Jenny
screamed real loud so that all the neighbors could hear it, but fortunately for
Michele, no one was around to see and hear it but me and my trusty camcorder.

Jenny continued to straddle the older woman for a while, and after she finally
began to get bored she spoke,

"Now I don't think you will be stopping me from swimming in your pool anymore,
will you Ms. Johnson?"  She lifted up the older woman's chin and looked directly
at her.  "Should I call you crybaby Michele.  Crybaby, crybaby, crybaby!!"  And
Michele began to sob all over again,
"H...how do you know my name?"  Michele asked while trying to hold back some
more tears.
"That's for me to know and for you to find out, you big wimp.  Crybaby, crybaby,
crybaby.  Now say I am just a big wimp and a pussy?" Jenny commanded.
"Please Jenny, plea...."  She slapped her again.
"You call me Ms. Jenny from now on!"  Jenny yelled out as she bore right into
Michele's eyes with her own eyes.
"Pl....ease Ms. Jenny, no more, pl...."
"Say it piggy, say it you little wimp!!!"
"I am jjjj...ust a big wimp and a ppp...ussy."
"And my ass belongs to Ms. Jenny, cause she beat me up.  Say it Michele, say
it!!"  Jenny insisted.
"M...my a....ss belongs to Ms. Jenny, cause...ccccc...ause, she beat me up."
"Good girl, good little piggy," and Jenny quickly got off of the older woman,
"Now get yer ass in the house and go to your room, you big wimp.  I want to
finsish my swim, and say Yes, Ms. Jenny nighty nite.  Say it wimp!"
"Yyyy....es....yes Ms. Jenny, nighty nite."

I don't think I ever saw little Ms. Prissy so scared.  She ran away as quickly
as she could and went into her house.  It was quite a site to see Michele
Johnson so degraded and humiliated at the hands of a 13-year-old.  Jenny just
casually went back into the pool and began swimming again.  I got it all on tape
and now the rest of my plan would take place the next day in Michele's own
office...





"Ms. Johnson there is a Ms. Sarah Davis to see you."
"What does she want?"
"I don't know but she seems quite adamant."
"Very well show her in Lilly."

I entered the room with the videotape in my hand.  Michele did not know that
Jenny was waiting in the outer office.  I threw the tape on her desk.

"What the hell is this?"
"Your future."  I said rather sinisterly.
She went into the conference room and I followed her, she popped the tape into
her VCR and pressed the play button.  The video started up and the title of the
film was "Michele Gets Her Ass Whipped by A 13-Year-Old."  I knew the title was
long, but I wanted her to get the full effect immediately. 
Once the tape began to play, and she saw some scenes, she immediately pressed
the stop button and ejected it in horror.  I could see her legs buckling as she
sat down at the conference table.  She could hardly look into my eyes.

"I own your ass now Michele." I said.
"What do you want from me?"  She asked in a little child's voice.
"Well let's go back into your office."

We went back to the other room and she sat down at her desk.

"Don't get too used to sitting there much longer Michele."  I said with an evil
grin.
"Why, what do you mean?"  She became serious.
"This is a document I had drawn up. It says you are hereby going to hand over
the Executive position of this company to me and step down into a smaller role,
as my personal secretary; since we are both notaries this will stand up nicely
right here and now.  You will sign this document immediately Michele or this
tape will go everywhere; just think of what everyone will say about the big, bad
CEO reduced to a simpering wimp by a 13-year-old girl!"

Michele was speechless for a few moments as she read over the document, and then
she spoke,

"Please, I....I can't..." I cut her off,
"Jenny!" I yelled out, "please come in here dear."

Michele started to panic as Jenny strolled into her office, she was visibly
terrified of the girl.

"So this is the big bully's office," Jenny said with an evil smile on her face,
"Come here piggy!"  She commanded.
Michele froze almost as if she were glued to her own chair, but the little girl
moved right in on her.  She took her two fingers and shoved them right up and
into Michele's nose and began to pry her out of her seat.

"I said come here piggy."  She pulled her out from behind her desk and marched
her in front of it over to me.  All the while, she did so with her fingers up
Michele's nose.
"Now get down on your knees piggy and sign this paper!"  Jenny said sharply.
"Hnaangh!"  Michele grunted with the girl's fingers up her nose, and she got
down on her knees and picked up the pen real quickly.  I handed the document to
her.
"Do it now piggy!"  Jenny said.
"Y...yes Ms. Jenny."  It was incredible, out came those words, probably
unconsciously by Michele.  Jenny had trained her well.  She signed the document
and the transfer of power was complete.  I immediately sat down behind her desk.

"No, I am not going to fire you Michele, that would be too easy, but payback is
a bitch and now you are going to be my slave.  As my personal secretary you
can't begin to know all the plans I have for degrading you.  Jenny, take Michele
out and introduce her to her new role and to everyone in this firm."

"Come on now piggy."  Jenny said as she reached down and grabbed Michele's hand
to lead her up off her knees and out of her, ah, my office, just like a little
schoolgirl.

The End


Comments
Send email to Jackpot at
Hotstorm39@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





