BDSM Library - Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren




Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An alien experiments on a reluctant human female with his alien appendages, raping and torturing her.
Author: Powerone
Title: Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren
Part: Chatper 1
Summary: An alien experiments on a reluctant human female with his alien
appendages, raping and torturing her. 
Keywords: M/F, ScFi, best, bdsm, nc, rape, reluc, tort, anal, fist, oral

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the author at
controlher@hotmail.com.  Read his other stories.


Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren

	The alien spacecraft had been observing the earth colony for over five
years now.  It had been monitoring earth communications, television, radio and
the Internet, hoping to learn everything it could about the race of people
called "humans".  It had purposely stayed away from the people, hoping not to
duplicate the problem that happened in Roswell, New Mexico in the late 1940's,
early 1950's.  While the spacecraft could be made invisible the majority of
time, it was subject to intermittent breakdowns in the field around it that
allowed it to be seen or tracked.  Most times people that saw it or felt its
presence would not report it, afraid of being called a lunatic or just plain not
believing it themselves.

	While the alien did understand some of how humans functioned, the sexual
and reproduction of the species remained a mystery.  The aliens had studied the
written literature and scientific studies, but they still did not understand. 
The aliens were what we would consider one sex.  There was no male or female.  I
guess if you had to pick one, it would be male, but that is where the similarity
ended.  The aliens were rather tall, the shortest being seven foot, the average
about eight foot, six inches and a tall one would be over ten feet.  They did
not have a mouth, nose or eyes, as they did not "breathe" or "talk".  All
communications was through telepathy.  This would be hard to explain to a human
on how they control what they hear and whom they talk to.  Their height and
weight depended on the atmospheric conditions of the planet they were on.  On
earth, they have a tendency to be more massive and closer to the ground because
of our dense atmosphere and gravitational pull.  Their legs would be very short,
with their waist about where are knees are.  There legs would bend either way,
much more practical then are one-way knees.  They reproduced A-sexually, in
earth terms "they fucked themselves".  They each could give "birth" to a new
alien, the gestation period being 3 hours.  This left their planet very crowded. 
	
	They did not have what we would consider a sex organ, having no use for
it.  Nor did they have arms.  What they had was other appendages that had a big
resemblance to our penis, though they are not used for sex.  They had one in the
middle of their stomach and this appendage was the largest.  It was always hard
and could be up to twenty inches longs and six inches in diameter.  It had
ridges on it every inch of so, the ridge protruding out about an inch from the
rest of it.  The series of ridges numbered about 20 on a large instrument.  The
end of the appendage had what looked liked two horns on it.  They stood out
about two inches to the side.  This was used for the sense of "touch," they
could feel objects with it.  They call this appendage their "kock".
	
	About four inches below this one, was another appendage.  This one was
smaller, it being only ten inches long and three inches in diameter.  This one
while hard, also had the ability to expand in length.  It was used to calculate
depth perception.  This instrument could expand up forty inches in length and if
they alien was not careful, would drag on the ground.  This appendage was not
smooth, having bumps about the size of a small marble all over it at unequal
intervals.  At the end was a marble that could also expand to over the size of a
grapefruit.  This marble could expand, but the only way it could shrink back
down to size again was to expend the liquid that built up inside it.  It would
shoot out over a quart of very slimy, salty and bitter tasting fluid.  Only then
would it be able to shrink.  They called this appendage their backsidekock.
	
	They had a third appendage that was about where we have a head.  This
one resembled an elephant trunk.  It was not hard like the others, though
somewhat rigid, it had a wide range of movement.  At the end of the appendage it
had something that resembled a tongue, or more to the point, three tongues. 
They were each about one inch wide with the tip coming to a point and were
especially slimy to the point of liquid almost dripping off of them.  The
"tongues" would come out of the appendage and had a length of about eight
inches.  The rest of the appendage was rough and dry, the "tongues" giving out
more then enough liquid to offset the rest of the appendages dryness.  They
called this appendage their oralkock.
	
	This mission to the planet earth was a scientific mission.  As I said,
their gestation period was only three hours and they had a long life expectancy
so they were always running out of room.  They had long overrun their home
planet and had now colonized nine other planets, though none of them were in our
solar system.  They were a relatively peaceful species.  When they colonized
another planet, they tried to find a way to allow the other species to also
co-exist with theirs.  The most difficult problem was always reproduction.  It
the case of earth, they had found out they sex was a major issue in the human
species life and seem to consume almost all of the time and energy of the male
species.  No matter where they looked, from advertisements, to news to medicine,
the planet was consumed into getting the other sex to have sex.  Even after
reading all of the literature and studying the species from afar for five years,
they were not any closer to understanding the species. 
	
	This brings us to today.  The Commander of the mission had decided that
they would have to do live experiments with a human subject.  Time was running
out for their mission, having to return to their home planet within two earth
weeks.  They Commander refused to go back as a failure.  He intended to capture
a female species and do various experiments on her sexually.  They had been
planning this for months now.  Over the past five years they had ascertained
that the chief authority on sexual patterns in the female species was a
scientific author called Powerone.  He had published many famous works on the
sexual preferences of the female species.  Some of the titles included Boarding
School Sex Training, Anally Deflowering Sue, Strip Searching Rebecca, Airport
Search, Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca, Ransom Demand, The Enemy's Daughter,
Subway Ride, Maiden Maid, Rape and Beat the Anchorwoman, Tawny, Daddy's Little
Girl Becomes A Woman and the famous Slaver Training.  He had written many of his
works with other famous scientific female authors including Sue Smith, Katie
Lynch, Zone and Nikki.  His reference material was downloaded on the Internet by
the hundreds of thousands of times every month and the female species inundated
him with e-mail every day.  They had even planned on taking Powerone to help
them in the sexual experiments. 
	
	While Powerone's literature often involved physical abuse of the female
for her pleasure, it sometimes made the female subject useless for further
experimentation due to the permanent nature of the physical abuse.   The aliens,
being an advanced race, especially in the matter of life sciences had long
discovered how to regenerate the body parts of their species and during the last
year had expanded their science to include the human species.  They were going
to use this female human to also test their new processes.  They had hoped that
their process could be used to make a vagina or asshole that was stretched to
unbelievable proportions be made elastic again and shrunk back down to the
original size within hours.  In fact, they thought they also might be able to
make the female subject a virgin over and over again.  It could also repair
damaged and disfigured flesh and bones within hours with no sign of damage,
including the repair of the nerves.  They felt this was very important because
Powerone often highlighted the importance of making the female subject scream as
he experimented on her and how important it was to making his cock hard.
	
	They had been searching for a subject and had decided on the perfect
candidate.  They had discovered her while reading Powerone's e-mails.  Her name
was Loren.  She was from a city in the French Alps.  She had short hair, small,
but very firm breasts, and a very firm and tight ass.  She was presently married
but her fantasies always involved Powerone using her sexually, doing unspeakable
things to her body.  Her husband was to be away for two weeks.  They could hide
her disappearance with phony telephone calls and return in time for his arrival
back.
	
	Powerone was sitting by his computer, writing a new story when all of a
sudden a bright light shone in the room blinding him.  His body was frozen in
place, his mind whirling as he tried to figure out what was happening.  It was
almost midnight, yet the light that shone in the window was brighter then the
noonday sun.  He tried to turn toward the light, but found that he could not
move a muscle.  He felt a strange sensation come over his body, as if he was
floating.  Suddenly he was standing, the brightness leaving the room, but he was
no longer in his office.  He was in a strange room.  It was strangely lacking in
any decoration, being stark white.  All of the furniture around the room was
made of a strange looking metal that looked almost fluid.  There were no
windows, the only light was radiating from the ceiling.  Not lights in the
ceiling, but the actual ceiling.  It gave off a bluish glow that illuminated
every nook and cranny in the room.  He felt strange, his body seemingly lighter. 
And his cock was hard.  Not the usual hard that he got when he was writing, it
was rock hard.  He looked down and his cock tented out his pants.  While he was
proud of his eight-inch cock, it felt so much bigger.  He reached down and
grabbed his large cock.  It was bigger, it seemed over ten inches longs and over
four inches in diameter.  He did know whether he was dreaming or not, but he did
not care.  This was great.
	
	Powerone turned towards one wall with a start as he heard a "whoosh". 
One wall suddenly disappears and a strange creature enters.  It was like nothing
he had ever seen before, not even in science fiction movies and books.  It
seemed to shuffle along on very short legs, but they did not actually touch the
ground.  It had no head, only legs, a trunk and three very large appendages,
somewhat like a penis, but radically different.  The largest one had ridges on
it, the short one below it marble like bumps and the one on the top of the
creature had slimy "tongue-like" appendages coming out from it.  Powerone
smiled, if only he had something like that.  He could make so many girls cum.
	
	In his head he heard a voice.  It seemed to come from the creature.
	
	"My name is Zorg and I am the Commander of an expedition that has come
to earth to study the human species.  Our purpose is to see if we could co-exist
with your species.  We have been studying your species for five years, but we
have not been able to understand how the human species functions, especially
what your call sex.  Over the years, we have come to recognize that you are the
authoritative source on the sexual patterns of the female species and we have
read many of your books and stories." 
	
	"Thank you," Powerone not even trying to say any words, just thinking
them.  He always knew that he was famous with the woman of the world, but did
not think he would be famous outside of this solar system.  "Yes, most woman are
very submissive sexually and need to be treated as such.  They are here to serve
the male species, nothing but a sex outlet for his pleasure.  They enjoy the
sexual pain that we like inflict on them and their main purpose in life is to
make the males cock hard."  Powerone was astounded by actually meeting an alien.  
It was even better that they had personally sought him out for his expertise.  I
have a feeling I am going to enjoy this, his hand reaching down to his hard cock
again, feeling how big it is.
	
	"I'm sorry, we did not think that there would be any side effects with
bringing you to our space ship, but obviously there was.  I see you noticed your
penis was bigger then before.  I will have one of our scientists see what he
could do to correct the situation.  It seems that you only have to think about
it and your penis will grow from two to four inches longer and more than one
inch in diameter," Zorg said.  
	
	Powerone laughed, "I think that it will be alright this way and when it
gets this big, it is no longer a penis, but a cock.  Anything else I should know
about?"
	
	"Nothing important.  You should also have the ability to get hard again
within five minutes of cumming.  We should be able to correct that problem
also." Zorg said.
	
	"Another problem I will suffer with while I am here, and why am I here?" 
Powerone asked, the smile on his face almost going from one ear to another. 
Even if he were dreaming this, it would make a great story.
	
	"In order to get the necessary research done within the next two weeks
when we have to depart, I have decided that we need to do some sexual
experiments on a human female.  We would like you to help us since you have
already done extensive research.  We have read many of your scholarly works
including Strip Searching Rebecca and the Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca and
besides duplicating some of your work, we have some ideas of our own.  Would you
be willing to participate with us?"
	
	Powerone almost broke out laughing.  This was the chance of a lifetime. 
He tried to remain stoned face.  "I think I could be persuaded to assist you.  I
presume you already have a victim, I mean subject."
	
	"Yes, in fact we got her name from your e-mail, which we have been
monitoring for the last five years.  Her name is Loren.  Her husband is leaving
town for two weeks so we would be able to get her for that time period without
anyone finding out about her disappearance.  We can duplicate her voice so we
will be able to make phone calls using her voice.  At the end of the two weeks,
we will return her, her memory of the whole time wiped clean."
	
	Powerone's cock hardened even more.  He had been receiving e-mails from
Loren for over two months and she had sent pictures with them showing off her
lovely body.  Some of the pictures had been very sexy and revealing, showing a
body that would be delectable to abuse.  "That is good, but my experimentation
has a tendency to do physical damage on the subjects.  I am sure that her
husband would notice that you could drive a bus through her pussy once she got
fucked with some very big cocks."
	
	"Actually, that is a minor problem.  We have long ago figured out how to
regenerate our body and it was relatively easy to do the same with your very
simple bodies.  We can regenerate the body within hours, in fact we have even
figured out how to make the subject a virgin over and over again.  We saw how
much research you did in taking the virginity of girls so we figured it would be
useful if you could do it over and over again with Loren.  She would be able to
feel the pain of a hard cock taking her virginity and I know how much you enjoy
making them scream.  In addition, you would be able to torture the flesh of
Loren and it would be healed within a few hours.  We have seen your research on
using clamps on the breasts and nipples of females and the insertion into the
vagina and asshole of very large objects to distend the organs.  Of course, we
would also be using Loren sexually.  While we do not gain any enjoyment
sexually, we do realize that our appendages do resemble human penises and we
would be experimenting on Loren using them.  We have many experiments that we
would attempt to distend and enlarge her sex organs using our appendages.  We
would be able to test her limitations on depth and width.  Any accidental
tearing and ripping of the flesh could be easily corrected and she would be
ready again for further testing.  It would be very painful for Loren, but your
research show that the female species realizes that her place is for the
enjoyment of the male species and in many cases the female can be made to cum
while being sexually abused."
	
	Powerone noticed that the large appendage of Zorg was actually getting
bigger as he talked about Loren.  Maybe they might enjoy the experimentation on
Loren, sexually.
	
	"We have many ways of restraining Loren but we will also use some of
your primitive ones.  We were especially interested in your studies on BDSM and
have secured some of the necessary tools.  We have rope, nipple clamps, pussy
clamps, electrical dildos, butt plugs and some very interesting furniture to
secure Loren to.  I think you will find many of our ideas very interesting for
your future research.  By the size of your cock, I would say that you are
interested, is this true?" 
	
	"Yes, I would be very interested in the experimentation on Loren.  I
will need some other things to help with the study.  I will need a dog, a German
shepherd I think would be suitable and a donkey.  I have found that the female
species enjoys mating with animals, especially ones with large cocks.  I also
have some very specialized equipment in my lab, some mechanical fucking
machines.  Those have some very interesting capabilities for electrical and
chemical insertions in the female's body.  The female species can often be
coaxed into cumming when their sexual organs are painfully stimulated with
electricity and certain chemicals that will irritate the sensitive tissue."
	
	"They are in the other room, we have the capability of instantaneous
transference.  Anything you want can be brought to you in seconds.  Excuse me a
second.  My second in command, Xenon has told me that Loren's husband has left
on his trip and she is alone.  Would you care to begin now, Powerone?"  Zorg
waited patiently for a response.
	
	Powerone reached down to the front of his pants, reaching for his cock. 
He could still not believe how big it was, grabbing it with his hand, unable to
grip all of it.  "Yes, bring her now, I can't wait to begin."
	
	Loran had just kissed her husband good-bye and had closed the door.  She
was wearing a black top, short black skirt, black panties and bra and high
heels.  She was hoping they would have time for a quick fuck before he left, an
attempt with her attire to seducing him, but this meeting was very important and
he was too rushed to even think about it.  It had been this way for the last
couple of days, the pressure of work overcoming his desire for her.  Maybe she
would get on the Internet and e-mail Powerone.  He always seemed to excite her,
making her wet with his words.   She turned to walk towards the bedroom when the
room flashed brightly, blinding her.  She felt lightheaded, feeling like her
body was floating.
	
	"AAAAHHHH," she screamed, but no noised seemed to come from her mouth,
but she could see that the others in the room had heard her.  The strange
creature before her frightened her.  It was repulsive, a massive body with
strange appendages, almost like cocks.  Next to it stood a normal person,
smiling at her as though he knew her.
	
	"Ah, Loren, welcome.  I am Powerone.  We have spoke often by e-mail and
your pictures do not do you justice.  You have a much more delectable body then
the pictures revealed.  This creature next to me is Zorg and the one that just
entered is Xenon," Powerone pointing to another creature that just suddenly
appeared through the wall.  He looked like the Zorg but a little shorter and his
kock was not as large.
	
	"What am I doing here, what are they, what are you doing here?  Loren
was confused, not sure whether she was dreaming or whether this was some surreal
scene.  She thought she almost knew Powerone, have communicated with him for
over two months, but he never mentioned these creatures.  She was sure she would
have remembered that.
	
	"You are going to spend a few weeks with us, while your husband is out
of town," the voice coming from the creature named Zorg, although she could not
tell where it was coming from on him.  "During that time, we will be doing some
sexual experiments on you and Powerone has volunteered to assist us.  While it
will be quite painful while you are here, when you return you will not remember
anything and you will not show any signs of physical abuse.  We are studying the
female species sexual responses and reproductive system."
	
	"Are you fucking crazy, I'm not going to let you do anything, now let me
out of here, whatever you are, you too Powerone.  That was only cyber sex, I'm
happily married and none of you are going to touch me."  Loren was visibly
shaken, this must be a dream, this couldn't be real.  She looked around the
room, it almost barren.  Lights shown from within the ceiling, the furniture
around the room seemed almost fluid, like they material was moving within it. 
And then there were the strange creatures.  The more she looked at them, the
more scared she became.  Their weird appendages looked more and more like cocks,
but bigger, much bigger and very painful.
	
	Powerone moved over to where Loren was standing.  "I'm afraid that is
not possible.  You will remain her for the two weeks and we will have our way
with your delectable body.  Your cooperation is not needed or required.  We have
ways to make restrain you." 
	
	Loren's arm suddenly began to move up towards the ceiling, her wrists
together.  No matter how much she tried to will them down, they continued to
rise up.  She looked up and saw two metallic cuffs falling from the ceiling,
suspended by two slivers of shiny wire.  When they reached the height of her
wrists, her wrists separated and the metallic cuffs closed sharply over them,
snapping tightly, securing her wrists in them.  She could feel the tightness of
them and then felt them moving higher, raising her arms up more.  She now had
control over her arms again, but it was too late, her wrists now bound tightly
in the metallic cuffs.
	
	"We do not like to take your will power away like that.  We like it much
better when you struggle and fight, but it was necessary to show you the power
we have over you.  By the look of the bulge in Powerone's pants, I see that this
also excites him and his research shows that the female species also likes being
submissive and being taken against her will."
	
	"I don't like this, let me go," Loren struggling as her arms were raised
up higher, now forced to stand on her toes to prevent her total weight supported
by her wrists.
	
	Powerone walked behind Loren, his hands moving over her hips, holding
her towards him.  "The female body looks very sexy when drawn taunt.  Notice the
way her breasts ride high on her chest, arched toward the ceiling."  His hands
slid up her sides until he reached her breasts, his hands circling the firm
flesh as she twisted, trying to escape the fingers. 
	
	Loren tried to evade the fingers as they sought out her nipples.  The
room was kept purposely cool for when Loren would be stripped naked.  The cool
air would make her body more susceptible to stimulation.  She arched up her
back, "aaagggghhh," she cried out in pain as Powerone's fingers found the
nipples, already hard and erect, making it easy for him to lock his fingers
tightly onto the morsels, pinching them between his two digits.
	
	"Her nipples are already hard," his fingers twisting the delectable
buds, pulling them out, his fingers squeezing harder to maintain his grip.  He
pulled out, forcing her to move forward on her toes to keep him from tearing her
nipples from her breasts.  "See how she dances to the pain, a very lovely
specimen.  She will do well when her internal organs are subject to the pain of
a very large instrument inserted."  Powerone released his grip on her nipples,
feeling her body slump down, her body moving back against his.
	
	Loren stopped suddenly, feeling a huge cock pushed against her ass.  She
moved forward again on tiptoes, straining to get away.
	
	"Not so fast, Loren," pulling her by the hips until her ass was mashed
against his hard cock.  He rubbed against her, feeling his cock settling between
the firm cheeks of her ass, his cock growing even harder.  His hands moved up to
her top, pushing it up until it went over her head and up her arms.  He pulled
on the material and it tore, falling to the floor.  His hands moved back down,
this time running over her silky bra, feeling the firm flesh beneath it.
	
	"Please don't take my clothes off," now genuinely frightened at her
situation.  She felt the hands roughly grabbing her breasts, crushing the tender
flesh between his fingers.  Her husband had always been gentle in their
lovemaking.  Loren's desire to be treated roughly was only in a fantasy.  This
really hurt.  She felt his fingers searching under her bra until they reached up
and slid it up her body, her breasts now naked in the bright lights.  The rough
material ran over her nipples, stimulating the erect flesh to become even
harder.  Her nipples were long, over an inch, a light pink, silhouetted by the
dark brown areola surrounding them.  They contrasted the white flesh of her
breasts.
	
	Powerone ripped the bra from her body, it tearing and falling to the
floor with her top.  His hands ran over the front of her body, his cock rubbing
over her firm ass.  "An excellent specimen, don't you think so Zorg?  I think
Loren will love to feel your oralkock running over her nipples later.  I think
you might make them so pleasurable to Loren that they will eventually become so
sensitive to the touch that it will become painful.  The nipples of the female
species are very sensitive and get very hard and erect.  This makes them perfect
targets for abuse, with many ways to pinch and clamp them bringing about
unbelievable pain to the subject.  We will get Loren to scream very much when we
do this."
	
	"We are especially interested in the sex organs of the females species. 
The pussy and the asshole, I think you call them.  We noticed in most of your
research the female sex organs are very resilient.  We are very interested in
testing the maximum depth and width of them," Zorg said to Powerone.
	
	"Yes," Powerone's hands reaching around in front of Loren, his hand
dropping down the front of her skirt, running down to her crotch.  He grabbed
her crotch with his big hand, grabbing it tightly.  "Most think that the females
sex organs are very sensitive and should be handled tenderly.  My research shows
the opposite.  The pussy, when it is spread open, takes very well to a whip.  I
have found the female can be forced to cum while her pussy is being whipped,
experiencing an explosive orgasm when the pain merges with the pleasure.  The
female's asshole is the soul to her being.  When a female is forced to take a
large cock up her asshole, it had a tendency to make them more submissive.  It
is the ultimate degradation to them, that the male would rather put his cock in
her asshole instead of her pussy.  It makes them very pliant to anything the
male wants to do to them.  The pain, coupled with the cramping resulting from a
large cock forced into her colon reinforces the reality that they are just there
to service the male species, to suffer for his pleasure."  Powerone's hands
slipped her skirt up her legs, revealing more of her naked flesh to Zorg.  The
strain of standing on her toes tightened the muscles of her legs.  She could not
move without suffering the pain of hanging by her wrists.
	
	"You let me go, you bastard," Loren cried, "my husband will kill you
when he gets home.
	
	"Why does she call you bastard, I though Powerone is your name?" Zorg
asked Powerone.
	
	"She is angry at me taking advantage of her body.  You will hear much
more like that, eventually you will hear her begging me, begging me not to hurt
her.  Then there will be the screaming in pain.  That's what makes my cock hard,
the screaming, the knowing that I am making her suffer and she can not do
anything about it.  She will scream when you experiment on her, especially with
your large appendages.  They will tear her tender body and she will beg you not
to."
	
	"When you are released, you will not even remember what happened during
the two weeks, Loren.  Zorg has a way to regenerate any damage to your body
within two hours, including making you a virgin again.  You are going to feel
the terrible pain of your sex organs forced open to accept incredibly large
instruments, whether they are Zorg's appendages, my cock, a dog cock or a donkey
cock.  Each time it will feel like you had never felt them before, each time
they will start anew, the rape of your virgin body."  Powerone's hands went to
the back of her skirt, unbuttoning the button, pulling down the zipper and
letting the garment fall to the floor, a puddle at her feet.  His hands moved
back over her flesh, her panties the only clothing hiding her considerable
charms. He ran his hand over her hips, moving forwards back to her pussy.  He
grabbed her by the crotch again, his middle finger digging in between the lips
of her pussy, pushing her panties into the gash.  "As you can see, Zorg, her
pussy is already wet."  Powerone moved his hand aside, revealing a wet spot
already showing on Loren's panties.
	
	Loren blushed in shame.  She was being stripped, in front of strange
creatures and she was getting wet.  She was not sure why.  Was it because she
was not even sure if this was really happening, hoping to awaken at any moment?  
Or was she really submissive like Powerone said?  Her feet were dancing on the
ground, her toes moving, trying to escape the fingers that were running over her
pussy.  She felt the hand move up and slip into the waistband of her panties,
moving over the flat plane of her stomach to lightly brush against her pussy. 
Her pussy was bald, her husband requiring it of her.  She secretly thought he
wanted it that way to make her look like an innocent schoolgirl, a fantasy he
always had.  She felt his other hand move into her panties and push the garment
slowly down her legs, revealing her naked pussy to all in the room.
	
	Powerone felt her wet pussy when he pushed his hand down inside her
panties.  They always got this way, they complained, begged him to stop, but
they always got wet.  And they always came on his fingers.  He slowly revealed
her body to Zorg, her panties falling to the floor, the last of her clothes. 
Now naked, revealed in all her glory to those that were in the room.  Powerone
moved back away from her, wanting to take in the sight of her naked ass.  He was
an ass man, nothing could make his cock harder then the female ass.  And Loren
had an ass that made his cock hard.  He ran his fingers over her ass cheeks,
feeling her cheeks tighten up as he caressed them.  Soon he would force her to
relax her cheeks, spread them apart and open up her tiny asshole to him.   Some
did it willingly, others required more persuasion, maybe a spanking, maybe a
whip.  It did not matter which, they always came around to his way of thinking.
	
	"Zorg, I think it is time for you to take over.  Let me get sweet Loren
into a better position, more spread open and then you can begin your
experimentation.  I think you will find her body more then adequate for what you
want to do and I am sure she will please you."  Powerone saw two new metal cuffs
falling from the ceiling, again, only tiny thin wires holding them.  "Time to
open yourself up, Loren, time for Zorg to play Doctor," he laughed, his hands
grabbing the cuffs and moving down to the floor next to her feet.
	
	"No, please, don't let that creature touch me, he looks so ugly, please,
I will let you, just not them," she cried.  She felt the cuffs attaching to her
ankles, the loud snap as they shut tightly onto her flesh.  She felt the tension
release on the cuffs on her wrists, she could now stand flat-footed onto the
floor.  Suddenly the cuff on her right ankle begins to pull up toward the
ceiling, pulling up the slack in the cable.  She felt Powerone's hand grab the
ankle and pull it up off of the floor as the cable began to tighten up.  "No,
not that, don't pull my leg up, I don't want to be spread open," Loren cried
out.
	
	Powerone smiled as he rubbed her leg as he helped pull her foot off of
the floor and raise it up toward the ceiling.  He did not want her leg to break,
just move upwards.  He pulled it up, making her bend her knee, her ankle now
raised up to her knees.  "Yes, that's good Loren, that's very good."  He moved
to the other side, grab her left ankle and the cable began to pull toward the
ceiling again.
	
	Loren felt her other leg begin to leave the ground, Powerone's hand
helping it up off of the ground.  The tension came back into her arms as her
weight was again shifted to her arms from her legs.  Her body slumped, her
wrists bearing all of the weight of her body.  She had expected her wrists to
hurt more, but the cuffs seem to somehow cushion the weight and distribute it
evenly.  She felt a pressure, but otherwise there was no pain.
	
	"That is not where we want the pain, Loren, not in your arms, we have
better places to localize the pain," his fingers playing over her naked, bald
pussy again.  The cable continued to rise, his hand bending her knees again, her
ankle now brought up to the height of the other.  Loren was now in a sitting
position in mid air, her knees bent in front of her, her ass and pussy open and
exposed. 
	
	Loren shifted her weight, moving her knees together.  She felt the cold
draft of the room on her exposed bottom and pussy.  She saw Powerone grab
another small chain and attach one end around her left knee and then bring it
around her back.  He brought the other end around her right knee and began to
attach it.  He pressed a small lever on the chain and the slack began to pull on
the chain behind her back.  Her knees began to bow outward.  She tried to fight
it, but the chain dug into her flesh, pulling her knees open. "AAAGGGHH, no,
don't do that," she begged, looking down as her knees spread open wider and
wider.  She could feel the cool air blowing on her wet pussy as her pussy lips
began to part, the pink flesh of her inner pussy opening to them.
	
	Powerone watched as her knees spread open, pulling open more and more
until they were almost pulled at a right angle to her body.  The chain stopped,
knowing exactly when it had reached the maximum spread without causing any major
damage to the subject.   The chains on her ankles began to move up higher,
raising her lower torso higher, pushing her ass forward, her naked and spread
asshole now revealing itself to them.  "She is quite open for you now Zorg," his
hands running over her spread flesh, feeling her pussy, wet and open before
moving to her asshole, spreading her pussy juice over the flesh.  He felt her
shudder, tiny bumps appearing on her asshole as she shivered in fear.

	Loren had never felt so open and ashamed, spread naked, her private
parts exposed and being lewdly fondled by a stranger.  She tried to move but her
weight held her captive, the chains keeping her open.  "No," she screamed,
seeing the strange creature move towards her, Powerone moving away, his hand
grabbing his hard cock as he watched.  "Don't you dare touch me," tears running
down her face and falling on her heaving breasts.

	"Would you mind giving me a hand to start with Powerone?" Zorg asked. 
"Can you get her pussy wetter?" 

	Powerone moved back towards Loren, watching her expression as he
approached again, "I think she will get really wet for you, with a little help
from me."

	"No, please, no, don't let him touch me with that thing," she begged,
her body heaving in her bondage.  She felt Powerone's fingers move back down the
plane of her stomach, moving down to her spread pussy.  His fingers moved
between her pussy lips, spread them open more as he moved his fingers down her
slit until he stopped at her open asshole, the tiny hole puckering open as his
finger encircled it.  His other hand reached up and pulled back her clit hood,
exposing the tiny bud to his other finger.  It began to rub over the exposed bud
as his finger moved up and down her slit, her pussy juice spreading with his
fingers path.  Each time his finger reached her asshole, he would push on it,
the pressure forcing the tiny hole to open more each time, his finger pushing
further inside as it rested there.  It then moved back, her asshole seemingly
winking at him as it closed again, only to be reopened again when the finger
returned and pushed in. 

	"She responds well to your fingers, how do you think she will respond to
me kock?" 

	Powerone's fingers moved from her asshole to her pussy, pushing one of
his fingers in, feeling her pussy grip the digit.  "As tight as she is, she is
going to scream her head off.  The only way you will get that thing into her
pussy is with a lot of screaming and tearing," he laughed, two fingers now
stretching her pussy open.  He could feel her pussy tighten on the fingers,
pressing tightly.  He moved them around inside her, feeling her wetness.  He
felt her body begin to buck, trying to escape the fingers but the chains held
her well.  "You're not going anywhere Loren," three fingers now pushing inside
her well-oiled pussy.  He stretched them open inside her, hearing her moan as
she was opened from within.  "Yes, you like that don't you, just wait for Zorg. 
That thing will drive you crazy.  Look at the ridges on it, imagine them sliding
in and out of your pussy, opening and closing your hole."

	"AAAHHHH," moaned Loren, Powerone now having four fingers opening up her
pussy, his other finger scrapping harshly over her asshole.  She tried to move,
anything to escape the uncomfortable fullness in her pussy as Powerone now
pushed his thumb along the other fingers and pushed all of them inside her
pussy.  "OOOWWW," she jumped, "too wide," the fingers pushing relentlessly in
her pussy, his hand now shiny with pussy juice, all of his fingers in her.  He
pushed hard on his hand, forcing his hand further inside her, watching as her
pussy began to spread open wide over the heel of his hand, forced open by brute
force.   She felt a sharp pain and then his hand pushed in deeper.  "OOOOWWW,"
she screamed, Powerone had begun to close his fingers into a fist while buried
deep inside her tender pussy.  She felt his fingernails scrape across her
vaginal tract, the pain shooting up her spine.  She felt his fist now inside
her, her pussy gripping his wrist tightly. 

	Powerone pulled his fist back, watching as her pussy spread open, then
sharply pushed it back in, his fist beating down on her cervix.  He ground his
knuckles on her tender inside, watching her body shake in her chains.  "Yes,
feel it opening you up," his fist moving from side to side inside her, hearing
her moaning in pain.  "It's time for Zorg," his hand beginning to pull out of
her pussy.  He kept his fist closed, forcing her pussy to open to allow the wide
part of his hand to pass through again.  He felt her pussy, soaking wet,
gripping his fist as it popped out of her with a loud thud.  His fingers
lingered on her exposed pussy, rubbing the hole, still wide open.  He watched as
it slowly closed, one finger moving up to her clit, the other down to her
asshole.  Her clit was grabbed tightly and her exposed asshole was entered
again, the wet finger sliding deeply inside with no resistance from her body.

	Loren could not believe that it could hurt so much.  Her pussy felt like
it was tearing, a terrible pressure in it as Powerone's fist twisted and turned
inside her vagina.  Her pussy lips were stretched wide, gripping his wrist to
the point where it felt like it was going to tear.  "OOOHHH, GGGGOOOODDD, it
huuurtttttsss soooo bad," her legs spread so wide, feeling like she was going to
split up the middle, her pussy plugged tightly with his fist.  Her back arched
up as best as she could as the fist was pulled from her pussy, rising up, the
pressure on her pussy lips increasing as the wider part of his fist began to
pull from her pussy, stretching more and more as has fist slowly pulled from her
pussy.  She knew that he was trying to make it hurt as much as possible,
otherwise he would have let his fingers straighten out inside her first.  He
wanted her pussy to spread open as far as possible. "EEEEEEHHHHH," she screamed,
her body slumping as the fist finally popped through her pussy lips, the
pressure finally released.  It felt like her insides were sucked out as her
pussy felt empty.  Her relief was short-lived, she saw the creature Zorg moving
towards her, this three menacing appendages jutting out from his body.  "NOOO,"
shaking her head, "NOOO, please noooo.  Don't let that thing touch me," she
shouted, her body trembling.

	Zorg was pleased with the creature Loren.  She had taken the fist up her
cunt very well.  And Powerone was correct, the singing of her screams were most
pleasing.  He would attempt to do the same thing that he did, make her scream. 
As he moved between her splayed thighs, her pussy dripping wet, his kock moved
outward, now almost at a right angle to his body.  It seemed to be harder then
usual.  Maybe he was like Powerone, female's screams making his kock hard.

	Powerone stood next to Loren's head, his whisper heard by her.  "Look
how big his kock is, Loren, it is over twenty inches long.  Have you ever had
anything that long in your pussy before?   Look how big around it is, over six
inches, bigger then my fist.  And the ridges on it.  They add another inch on
each side, over eight inches wide.  Do you think your pussy can spread that
wide, Loren?  You're really going to like the two horns on the end.  Zorg tells
me he can make them stick out whenever he wants to.  Imagine them dragging along
inside your pussy as his kock pulls from your body or the feeling of them moving
deep inside you.  Are you going to scream for us, Loren, are you going to scream
loud?"

	Zorg moved closer to Loren, his kock now brushing along her spread pussy
lips.  Her legs were pulled back so far that her pussy was already spread open,
the pink insides peeking out, her tiny asshole just a speck on her bottom.  He
heard her moaning as he began to push his kock forward, the large instrument
bluntly forced against her tiny pussy.  It was not like a regular cock, tapered,
made to spread a pussy open.  No, it was as big on the end as it was all along
its length.  Only the ridges made it wider.  He heard her grunt as he continued
to apply pressure.  He pushed harder, feeling his kock begin to push her pussy
inward, the only defense it had.  He knew that if he continued, her pussy would
give up the useless battle and open for him.  When this happened, her pussy
would have to stretch to unbelievable proportions, very rapidly.  This would be
when she would scream.  Then he would have her trapped, her pussy opened, his
kock ready to tear into her pussy, to test its depth, to test the resilience to
take the large kock.

	"No, please, Powerone, make it stop, no, it hurts, it wouldn't go in,
its too big," Loren begged.  She felt her pussy being pushed in, the blunt end
smashing against her tiny opening.  Even after Powerone's fist, it was not big
enough to take a six inch blunt instrument.  She felt Powerone's hands on her
ass, pushing her up, forcing her body against the kock. 

	"Open up, Loren, will your pussy to open.  His kock is going in no
matter how much you fight," his hands raising her up, pushing her pussy up
higher, making her legs ache as they were forced to spread wider.  Powerone knew
it would be soon, he could see her pussy beginning to open, the blunt kock
forcing harder on it, pushing in, forcing the pussy lips to begin to spread. 
"Yes, that's a good girl, let it in, higher, raise up higher," his hands pusher
under her ass, raising her up to meet the hard kock.

	The scream was unbelievably loud, it ringing in the almost empty room. 
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWW," Loren yelled.  She had never felt such
pain before.  Her pussy all of a sudden popped open, the blunt head of the kock
forcing itself brutally into her pussy.  Her pussy lips all of a sudden went
form closed to gripping tightly a six-inch baseball like instrument, stretched
tightly around it like a rubber band. "TTTAAke it out, pppllleeeass, don't
move," her body shuddering.  She did not know what to do.  She did not want the
cruel kock in her, but she was afraid of the pain when he pulled it out.  All
she wanted was the pain to go away.  "Nooo, nooo more," she cried out, feeling
Zorg applying pressure again, the kock pushing into her pussy, forcing her
defenseless pussy walls to spread open for the marauding instrument.

	Powerone looked down at her pussy.  It looked strange, her pussy forced
open, the end of the kock forced in it, but waiting was over nineteen inches of
ridged kock, ready to batter her pussy.  His cock grew harder after her scream,
it was now over ten inches long.  He couldn't wait until Zorg buried as much of
his kock in her as he could and then started fucking her with it.  He couldn't
wait to see what her pussy lips would do when met by the ridges as they fucked
in and out.  "There's more, Loren, so much more.  Can you feel it inside you,
you are the first woman on earth to receive such an instrument? 

	Zorg was pleased.  He could feel Loren's pussy gripping his cock
tightly.  He pushed again, feeling the first ridge butt up against her pussy
lips.  They would have to spread another two inches to allow the ridges access
inside her pussy.  They would probably tear when they entered.  She would scream
nicely for that.  He pushed harder, her body no match for the strength of his
kock.  He felt her pussy lips stretching and then he heard it again, her scream.

	"EEEEEHHHHHHHHH, nnnooo mooore, you alien bastard, eeeeeehhhh, your
tearing me."  Loren felt the pain shoot up her spine from her pussy.  She could
feel moisture down there, knowing that he had torn her pussy, blood now
lubricating the large kock.  Another push and her pussy lips locked down over
the ridge, the first one now buried inside her pussy.  She knew it was going to
hurt, but not like this.  Her pussy was not built to take irregular shaped
objects, the ridge would punish her tender insides, forcing them to stretch
wider, back down smaller and again wider until she was forced to take as much
kock as her pussy would hold.  She knew that she could not take twenty inches,
but she did not know if Zorg would stop trying.  Her body shuddered in pain as
she felt more of the kock pushing in.  She knew that another ridge would be
coming and her pussy lips would stretch again.  The other ridge was stretching
her internally.  "EEEEHHH," again, the ridge stretching her pussy open again,
this time her pussy looser, having already torn.  It snapped shut again,
trapping two ridges inside her.  She could feel her insides being stuffed,
wrapped tightly around the kock inside her.  "AAAGGG, NNOOO," hyperventilating
as she suffered the painful tearing of her pussy.  "Please, Powerone, make it
stop, I will fuck you if you make it stop."

	Powerone looked down, another ridge was forcing her pussy lips open
again, a short scream by Loren and her pussy lips quickly snapped shut down on
the hard kock.  "Yes, Loren, you will fuck me, but I will fuck you because I
can, not because you want to.  Zorg is going to be ruining your pussy for me
tonight, but I think your asshole will be available.  Since my cock is so big,
your asshole will have to stretch to take it in."  Powerone watched as Loren
bucked up, another ridge forced into her pussy.  She now had four of them, over
five inches of alien kock inside her.  "Hurts doesn't it Loren, I bet it hurts
deep inside your pussy.  There is more, Zorg has so much more kock for you.  Her
comes another ridge, feel your pussy opening, Loren, oh, yes, stretch wide for
his kock."

	Zorg had over six inches of kock inside her.  It felt like her pussy was
going to squeeze it to death.  He had to use brutal force to push each ridge in,
her pussy grabbing it, refusing to let it in until his brute force won out.

	"Fuck it out, Zorg, pull about three ridges out then push it back in,
but make sure you get five ridges back in.  That's what we call fucking.  See if
you can make her scream again," Powerone's cock hard, wanting a piece of Loren,
wanting to feel her asshole tight around his cock,

	"NOOOO, don't," she cried, but too late.  Zorg had already pulled out
two ridges of hard kock.  It felt like a huge vacuum cleaner was sucking out her
insides.  Just when she thought she could catch her breath, Zorg pushed back in. 
"EEEEEEEHHHHH," she screamed, "OOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW," her pussy was forced open and
closed rapidly as four ridges of kock was pushed in her pussy.  Two more inches
of kock was forced into her pussy, stretching her pussy in places that had never
been reached before.  She now had over eight inches of kock inside her.  "AAAGG,
AAAGGG," she puffed, unable to breathe.  She braced herself when she felt Zorg
begin to pull his kock out of her again, waiting for the pain to begin.  Her
crotch felt like it was on fire.  She could not believe that anything like this
could cause so much pain.

	"Yes, the female Loren screams so well," with that he pushed back in,
using more force then before.  He pushed in over eight inches of kock, now
having buried ten inches of kock inside her.  Nine ridges were abusing her inner
pussy walls.  He felt his kock bang hard against her cervix, stopping the
advance of his kock.  "Is that all the female can take, just ten inches of
kock?"

	"You can probably batter her cervix a little and make her take two more
inches.  She will really scream when you do it."

	"NNNOO, tttoooo deeep, take it out," her pussy began to spasm on the
kock, tightening on the cruel instrument in reaction to the battering it was
taking. "EEEEEHHHHH," she screamed again as Zorg pulled his kock out, her pussy
gripping the ridges as they passed through and then pushed back in with all of
the force of a freight train.  "EEEGGGGHHH," the kock battering against her
cervix, smashing hard, bruising her insides.  Eleven hard inches of ridge kock
was now buried inside her.  One ridge was holding her pussy lips open, stretched
wide, torn and bleeding. 

	"Watch this, Powerone, watch what I do to her."  Zorg began to make the
two horn like protrusions on the end of his kock move outward.  They were buried
deep inside her pussy.

	Loren screamed again as she felt something inside her stretching her
pussy walls more.  She did not think it could hurt any more then it did, but he
had found a way.  Her insides were being stretched further then humanely
possible.  She could feel her pussy walls tearing, unable to take the immense
pressure.  "OOOOOOWWWW, " the horn like appendages stretched her open even more,
deep inside her.  She felt Zorg begin to pull his kock out of her, "NNOOO,
doonn't," she cried as she felt the horns scraping along the walls of her pussy
as the ridged cock was pulled from her body.  It seemed to go on forever, as did
her scream.  It was one endless scraping and tearing as his kock was pulled from
her battered pussy. 

	He stopped when the horns were still buried inside her, just outside of
her pussy.  He made sure a ridge stretched her open to the maximum.  He flexed
the muscle in his kock, making the two horns move back and forth.  He could feel
her wet insides as they moved, feeling her pussy grabbing and releasing as it
spasms in pain.  He slowly pushed inside her, feeling her body tense up as he
forced his kock back in side her.  His horns moved along her pussy, feeling her
insides, feeling what a human female's feels like on the insides, so hot and
tight.  "I see why you humans like fucking, are they all this hot and tight,
Powerone?"
	
	"Once you finish with her, she wouldn't be that good, but if your
science is as good as you say, she will be an even better fuck tomorrow when she
is a virgin.  She will be even tighter.  See if you can make her cum, rub the
ridges of your kock against her clit when you fuck her.  And fuck her hard and
fast.  Make her feel your hard kock."
	
	Loren felt Zorg pull up on her body, pushing his kock against her clit. 
He pulled his kock out of her body slowly, dragging the ridges over her clit,
now hard and erect.  The ridges rubbed harshly against the sensitive bud,
driving her pussy to clamp down on the big kock.  When his kock was almost all
the way out, the horns pulled out again and with a whoosh, Zorg slammed his kock
back into her in one powerful push.  Loren arched her body up high as the kock
bumped painfully inside her pussy, the ridges rubbing against her clit, all ten
of them stimulating the hard bud.  The horns rubbed harshly along the walls of
her pussy, the ridges following shortly.  Loren caught her breath as Zorg pulled
his kock out again, dragging it painfully slowly, forcing her to feel all of the
sensations as it was dragged inside her.  She felt his body tense up and then
begin the painful and brutal fucking back in, pushing with all of his strength,
forcing her battered pussy to take the hard ridges and horn, her clit stimuled
as they pushed in.
	
	"Are you going to cum for Zorg, Loren, can you show Zorg how the female
species cums when they get fucked hard, even if it is an alien kock."  Powerone
reached down to her chest, plucking her nipples from her chest, his fingers
tightening on the pink morsels, pinching tightly, inciting a new pain in her
body.  "Cum on Zorg's kock, Loren, be the first human female to cum with an
alien kock."
	
	Loren's body was racked with pain, but at the same time she was also
beginning to experience pleasure.  Her clit was being stimulated by the rough
kock, rubbed hard as Zorg's fucking began to become harder.  He no longer pulled
his kock out slowly, now yanking it out in one hard pull, the ridges battering
her pussy as they popped out, each ridge spreading her pussy open to then closed
onto the kock before again being forcefully spread wide again.  All told ten
ridges were pulled from her body each time.  Each one rubbing against her
swollen and red clit.  The kock kept her pinned down each time Zorg fucked back
in.  She screamed as the horns rubbed painfully inside her pussy, irritating the
tender walls of her pussy as the dragged along.  His kock banged painfully
against her cervix and her body shuddered in pain.   Before she could catch her
breath again, Zorg fucked his kock into her pussy.  She looked down and saw her
blood covering his obscene kock, feeling the tearing of her pussy, the abrading
of her pussy walls.  But she also felt her clit being stimulated, the rough
ridges rubbing over it, each one bringing forth another bit of pleasure, her
body trying to arch up to rub harder.
	
	"I think you have her Zorg, I think you are going to make our little
Loren cum.  Fuck her harder, give her all the kock you can.  Punish her with
your kock, make her scream."  Powerone watched as Zorg battered Loren's pussy
with his kock, forcing it in each time with powerful strokes.  Her body jumped
up and down in the bondage she was in as her pussy was filled with alien kock,
then left almost empty, the head of the kock the only thing grabbed tightly by
her pussy.  Another deep fuck, another scream, this time less noisy, almost
turning into moans of pleasure as she was being fucked like no woman had ever
been fucked before.
	
	"GGGGOOODD, that hurts, stop, don't stop, please, OOOHHH," another
stroke of his kock battering her pussy.
	
	 "GGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD," she cried, her clit rubbed raw as she
began to cum.
	
	Zorg felt her pussy grabbing his kock, trying to milk it as he continued
to fuck her, his kock tearing in and out.  "This one does well, Powerone, Loren
will service us well, she cum's easily."
	
	"Please, nnooo  more," she cried, "mmmmooorrree," she begged as another
orgasm overcame her.  The ridges on his kock were driving her insane, her pussy
could not get enough of them.  She was receiving twelve inches of hard, ridged
kock, her pussy taking the punishing strokes, her clit forcing her to cum on the
kock.  "AAAGGGGGHHHH," another orgasm hitting her as Zorg pushed his kock inside
her, burying it deep and holding it there.  He flexed the horns, making them rub
up and down her pussy walls, stimulating Loren deep in her pussy.  "GGGGGRRRRR"
and she passed out, Zorg's kock covered with her cum and blood.
	
	Zorg pulled his kock slowly from her pussy, feeling her pussy grabbing
it as it withdrew, grabbing the ridges as they moved out of her pussy.  Even
unconscious, she did not want the kock to leave her body.  He felt her pussy tug
at the last ridge as it pulled loosed from her pussy, now a gaping hole between
her legs, red and swollen.  His kock was covered with her cum and blood,
glistening in the bluish light.  "Let me have Xenon take care of her wounds.  He
will have her back in two hours.  I think her asshole will be next.  I know how
much you love female assholes, I can't wait until Loren feels my backsidekock. 
I am sure I can make her scream very loud for you.  Then you can fuck her, I
know your cock is very hard."      
	
	Xenon removed Loren from the restraints and took her from the room. 
Powerone watched as she left, her pussy was still spread wide, unable to return
to its former self.  Thank goodness for alien science or Loren would be fucked
out for life, Powerone thought as he rubbed his cock, hard and erect, waiting
for his turn with Loren.
	
To Be Continued




Author: Powerone
Title: Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren
Part: Chapter 2-Ass Fucking
Summary: An alien experiments on a reluctant human female with his alien
appendages, raping and torturing her. 
Keywords: M/F, ScFi, best, bdsm, nc, rape, reluc, tort, anal, fist, oral

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the author at
controlher@hotmail.com. 


Chapter 2-Ass Fucking

	Loren woke with a start, a bad dream still in her head.  She was naked
on some sort of bed, it was more like it was enveloping her body.  She was not
hot or cold, the temperature in the room just at the precise point.  Her hand
moved down between her legs, her fingers running over her bald pussy, pushing
between her slit, already wet.  The dream she had was very sexual, but also very
painful, yet her pussy still managed to be highly aroused.  She pushed a finger
into her pussy, surprised at how tight it was.  She could tighten on it, feeling
her pussy gripping the slender finger in a vise like grip.  It's not that she
had fucked her brains out and her pussy was slack, but it definitely was not
this tight.  She pushed deeper and to her surprise, she hit upon her hymen.  She
sat up, startled at the strange development.
	
	"It's true, you're a virgin again, Loren.  A nice, hot and tight pussy,
just like when you were thirteen."  Powerone stood in the corner of the room,
admiring the naked body of Loren.
	
	"Was it a dream?  I remember you, you're Powerone.  Did it really
happen?  How could I be a virgin again?"  Loren was confused, unable to
distinguish fact from fiction.
	
	"Oh, yeah, it really happened.  You were fucked by Zorg, an alien with
the strangest organs.  I'm sure you remember his kock.  Last time you saw it,
you passed out.  But you did end up taking twelve inches of ridged, alien kock
and cumming like a street whore.  Today, we have more experimentation with you
and Zorg."
	
	Loren recalled what Powerone told her.  She had thought that it was a
dream, but looking around the sparse room, brightly lit, but with no apparent
source of light, lying in a bed that enveloped her body and feeling her pussy,
now a virgin pussy again, maybe this was real.  A real nightmare.  "WWWhhat do
you mean," she stammered, "more experimentation with Zorg," remembering the
painful experience she had undergone.
	
	Powerone pulled his cock from his pants, it being over 13 inches long
and over three inches in diameter.  Thank goodness for whatever had made him
this way.  "Where we are has had strange effects on me also, as you can see from
my cock.  Zorg will be fucking you in your asshole with his backsidekock, I am
also going to get a chance at the nice, tight asshole.  Has your husband ever
fucked you in your ass, Loren?"
	
	"Yes, but he doesn't have anything like you have.  That thing is as big
as a soda bottle, a very big soda bottle," Loren trying to get up from the
strange bed, but it prevented her from escaping.
	
	"Mine is nothing compared to Zorg's.  You remember, it's only ten inches
long and three inches in diameter.   While hard, it has the ability to expand in
length.  They use it to calculate depth perception.  It can expand up forty
inches in length.  It's not smooth, having bumps about the size of a small
marbles all over it at unequal intervals.  At the end is a marble that could
also expand to over the size of a grapefruit.  This marble once expanded, can
only shrink back down to size again when it expends the liquid that built up
inside it.  It will shoot out over a quart of very slimy, salty and bitter
tasting fluid.  Only then would it be able to shrink.  You are going to have to
please us both today, but I am afraid your tight asshole will have to do a lot
of stretching to receive us.  This will be very painful for you and I hope that
you will please us with your screams."
	
	The door opened and Zorg entered.  He could feel his kock harden. 
Strange, the earth female was having an effect on his appendages.  Not
unpleasant, he thought.  "So lovely Loren, I'm learning to appreciated the naked
female flesh.  Spread your legs and show me your pussy."
	
	Loren did not know why, but she slowly spread her legs.  It was like she
had no willpower to stop it.  She looked down between her legs, watching as her
thighs parted, her pussy lips slowly spreading open, revealing her sex to him. 
She could see the pink inner lips of her pussy, it had not been that pink since
she was a teenager.  Her legs spread more until they were over three feet apart,
her naked sex now open for them to see.
	
	"Good girl, Loren, pull your pussy lips farther apart, I want to be able
to see inside of you," Zorg demanded of her.
	
	Loren's hands moved down over the flat plane of her stomach until it
reached her spread sex.  She grasped each pussy lip between two fingers and
began to pull them open.  "I don't want to do this," she cried out, but
continued pulling them, pain beginning as the pulled wide.  Her inner pussy
began to be revealed, the deep dark hole spread open.  She looked at Powerone,
his cock hard and erect, her face turning red in shame at so openly exposing
herself to them. 
	
	"Put two fingers inside you and spread your pussy open for us," Zorg
again demanded of her.
	
	Loren pulled her fingers and wet them with her lips and began to push
them into her tight pussy, feeling it gripping them.  "It hurts, I don't
understand, I'm so tight."  She began to separate her fingers, groaning in pain
as it felt like she had a ten-inch cock inside her instead of two tiny fingers. 
She watched as her pussy was split open by her fingers, the pain radiating from
inside her, but her will to stop was gone.
	
	"Very good Loren, more please, I want to be able to see inside your
womanhood.  I know it hurts, but you must prepare it for our weapons.  We will
fuck you again, open you up.  You will scream in pain but that will serve to
make us harder.  Now do it."  Zorg again willed her to submit, his superior
brain being able to override her meager defenses.
	
	It hurt as Loren spread her fingers wider, feeling her inner pussy
gripping tighter, attempting to stop her own self-inflicted stretching.  Her
fingers were now spread as far as she could go, her body unable to stretch
anymore.  Her pussy was now a gaping hole, dark and forbidden, stretched open
for others to see.
	
	"Arch up your lower body, raise your ass up.  We want to see you better. 
And Powerone wants to see that tiny asshole."  Powerone watched Loren's body
slowly rise up, pushing on the forces of the strange bed holding her body up,
watching as she performed for Zorg.  His hand reached down and began to stroke
his cock as her asshole was slowly revealed, nestled between her parted ass
cheeks.  It was so tiny, just a small light brown star on a sea of white flesh. 
He would enjoy sheathing his large cock inside such a tiny morsel.  It would
squeeze it so nicely, forcing his cum from his balls as it suctioned the hard
cock inside her.
	
	Loren looked down at her body, her hips arched up over two feet from the
rest of her body, her legs spread obscenely wide, her pussy split by her two
fingers revealing her inner sex.  Now her asshole was also exposed and this she
feared the most.  They intended to fuck her in her asshole and she knew that
they would have to tear and rip it to get inside of her.  They would enjoy that,
making her scream, making her milk the cock that plundered her asshole.  She
continued to hold the pose they had forced upon her, her fingers aching from
keeping her virgin pussy open for their inspection.
	
	"Remove your fingers from your pussy, but keep in position.  That's
good, now a finger up your asshole, show us how tight it is.  Show us how it is
going to please us today."  Zorg watched as her pussy clamped shut tightly as
her fingers were pulled from her pussy.  "I noticed your fingers are very wet,
are you enjoying revealing your body to us Loren?"
	
	She felt her wet fingers touch her delicate asshole, the cool fingers
thrilling her, sending shivers up her spine in wicked anticipation of what she
was expected to perform.  Her husband had fucked her in the ass, but she had
never allowed her own fingers to stray to such a forbidden place.  She felt her
sphincter tighten on the offending digit as she pushed down, pushing a tiny
slender finger into the hole.  Her slickened finger pushed in, her asshole
clamping down on the unnatural act being inflicted on it.  It sought to push it
out, the only response it had previously performed.  She pushed in further, her
hips arching up higher, trying to escape the raping digit in her asshole.  It
was now in up to the knuckle, her fingers turning, the bony appendage rubbing
harshly inside her silky insides.
	
	"Good, now two fingers, stretch open again for us to see inside you. 
Prepare your asshole for our appendages to visit.  Make it slick with your
juices." 
	
	Two fingers were now pressed against her asshole, her groaning in pain
only heightening the state of arousal of Zorg and Powerone.  "Must I?" her own
fingers answering her questions as they sought entrance to her asshole.  Loren
pushed out on her sphincter, making her asshole pucker outward, relaxing the
muscle so the bony fingers could make their way inside her.  "AAAAGHH," her
asshole now stretched wide, gripping the digits as they began their relentless
push into her now virgin backside, stretching and tearing the flesh as they
plundered her flesh.  She pushed in deeper, her asshole now swallowing the two
fingers up to the knuckles, still pushing deeper into her, her stomach cramping
as her knuckles now bumped against her stretched asshole.
	
	"Now open them inside you, get a sample of what it will be like to have
Powerone's cock inside your asshole."
	
	Loren spread her legs wide, hoping to relieve some of the pain in her
stretched asshole and began to slowly pull her fingers apart.  The pain shot up
her spine and into her brain, but she complied, unable to resist the will of
Zorg.  Her body jerked in pain as her fingers were now spread over two inches
inside her asshole, fighting the muscles inside that tried to prevent her.  Her
stomach cramped, clamping down on the fingers, trying to force them from her
body, her hand too powerful for her inner muscles.  Loren stayed in position,
spread wide, her fingers opening her asshole, her body trembling in pain. 
	
	Powerone pulled a low stool over to the center of the room, a heavy
wooden plank making up the seat, four sturdy metal legs holding it up.  It stood
over a foot and half high, it's purpose abundantly clear.  It was made for ass
fucking.  A perfect height for a female, the metal legs capable of holding
ropes, securing a female victim tightly spread over it.  The width of it allowed
for the exaggerated spread of the victim's legs, opening her asshole to powerful
fucks of a hard cock.  Her head would hang down, the perfect position for a
submissive, accepting her fate to service man, her asshole ready for penetration
and the ultimate milking of his cock until she would be filled her with his
powerful seed.  In his hand, Powerone held the thick, rough hemp rope.  He liked
it better then clothesline.  It controlled the female better, the feeling of
helplessness brought about by the rough rope.  "Over here, Loren.  It is time. 
Time for you to feel the strength of my cock as it takes your asshole.  Bend
over the stool so you may be bound."
	
	Loren let her body lower down onto the strange bed.  She sat up and slid
from it, the first time it had allowed her to do this.  All previous attempts
had been met by a mysterious power that drew her back down.  She marched over to
the stool, naked, her breasts upright, her nipples hard and swollen, her pussy
slick in anticipation.  She did not know why, but she was ready to submit to the
ass fucking, even though she knew it was going to be painful.  Little did she
know how painful it would be.  She lowered herself over the stool, the hard wood
digging into her flesh.  She felt hands reach down and pull her arms along the
front legs, her head hanging over the edge.  Rope pulled her wrists tightly to
the bottom and she winced in pain as the ropes tightened on her flesh.
	
	Powerone stood up and went behind her, admiring the beautiful ass that
was before him.  He grabbed one trim ankle, dragging it under to the edge, the
rope again binding it tightly to it.  "Open wide, Loren, let me see you spread
your legs for me, show me your tiny asshole," wanting to humiliate her, making
her open herself up to be bound.  He watched as she submissively complied, her
shapely leg moving farther and farther to the other metal leg, her ass cheeks
beginning to split open, her tiny pucker peeking out.
	
	Loren felt the cool air on her exposed asshole as she spread her legs,
Powerone's hands on her thighs, urging them wider.  She knew that she would soon
be bound, unable to stop them from taking advantage of her naked body.
	
	"Good girl, wider, spread wider, I want to see your asshole open for
me," his hands urging her thighs apart as he watched Loren submissively stretch
her leg out wider, splitting her down the middle, the other ankle already bound
tightly.  "Just a little more," his hand slapping painfully her tender inner
thigh.  He gripped her ankle tightly and began to tie it with the harsh rope,
binding it tightly to the thick metal, the rope indenting her flesh as he
tightened it. 
	
	Zorg looked over at Loren, bent over the table, her arms bound to the
front legs, head hanging down, legs spread obscenely wide, her ass cheeks
opened, her asshole already gaping wide, ankles tied securely.  Powerone was
right, the human female did look sexually attractive when stripped and bound.
	
	Powerone grabbed Loren tightly by the hips, his cock jutting out before
him.  God, it excited him that his cock was so big.  Hope it stays that way when
I go back to earth.  He pushed the head of his cock, already red and swollen in
lust, precum glistening on the tip toward her tiny pucker.  He felt her body
shudder, his hands tightening on her hips, holding her in place.  "I'm going to
bust your asshole open, Loren.  It's going to feel so good when I am fully
engulfed in your tight asshole.  You may scream all you want, Loren, that will
make my cock harder.  I enjoy your cries of pain."  He began to push on his
cock, his hand fisting the large member, keeping it tightly against the tiny
pucker.  He watched as it slowly spread, the head of his cock forcing it open. 
He spit down on his cock, lubricating it to allow easier penetration of her
asshole.  "Yes, push back on my cock, force your pucker to open.  It will go
easier on you.  After a while it won't hurt any more."
	
	Loren could not believe the pain.  Her husband had fucked her asshole
before, but he was always slow and gentle.  Not like this.  She was bound and
his cock was being forced into her tiny asshole by sheer force.  She grunted,
tears falling from her eyes as she felt the burning in her asshole, her
sphincter clamping down on the fat cock, bringing more pain to her back passage. 
She grunted again and pushed back on the cock stretching her asshole open.  She
felt his cock jump, her sphincter pleasuring him.
	
	"Yes, I like that, do it again," he ordered her, pushing down on his
cock, watching her asshole stretching wider, now over an inch wide, still not
yet able to engulf the head of his cock.  He felt her clamp onto the head again,
her sphincter relaxing for a second, pushing harder on his cock, breaching her
asshole deeper.  "You're going to be a good assfuck, Loren."
	
	Loren kept up squeezing his cockhead with her sphincter, pleased that
Powerone was deriving so much pleasure from her.  It hurt, hurt bad, her asshole
feeling like it was tearing as it tried to accommodate the large cock, but she
had to please Powerone.  She felt his hands on her ass, molding her flesh as
they squeezed in response to her clenching.  "OOOHH, Goddddd, hurtssss," she
cried out, a brutal push by Powerone catching her off guard, her asshole forced
to open over two inches wide.  It felt like a knife cutting her asshole as it
was brutally stretched like a giant rubber band, clinging tightly to his cock. 
"Please, stop for a minute, it's too big, let me get use to it."
	
	Powerone had felt her defenses relax for a second and took the
opportunity to punch into her asshole with his cock.  His cockhead was almost
fully inside, just the edge of the plum on his cock still outside.  He was
determined to continue despite her pleas, her body clenching and unclenching on
his cock.  He wanted to get his cock inside her.  He wanted to ride her asshole
long and hard, fucking her until he unleashed his cum deep inside her body.  She
had liked it when they had cyber sex, now she would get a chance to feel it in
real life and there was nothing she could do to stop him.  "GGGRRR," pushing on
his hard cock, his fist preventing the steely instrument from bending, watching
as her asshole stretched wider slowly encircling the head of his cock, grabbing
it tightly behind the head as he held it steady.  He could see her asshole
twitching, white from stretching so wide, no longer the tiny pucker but a
tightly gripping mouth accepting his raping cock.
	
	"AAAWWWW, OOOWWW, stoooopp."  Loren thought she could feel blood running
from her asshole as it accepted the cock painfully inside her, her sphincter
trapping the cockhead.  Her body pushed to force the cock from inside her but
was unsuccessful to stop the ravishment of her asshole.  It only pleasured the
cock inside her, pulsating on the cock, milking it.  She felt Powerone's hands
caressing her ass cheeks, softly running over them, yet his hard cock stayed
inside her gripping asshole, feeling like a large log shoved painfully inside.
	
	"That feels good Loren," his hands moving her hips side to side, feeling
her sphincter grabbing his cockhead, squeezing it so tightly.  "Keep that up,
milk my cock like a good little slut."
	
	"Fuck the little bitch, Powerone.  Make her scream," Zorg shouted out,
wanting to see Loren take all of Powerone's hard cock.
	
	"No, don't," Loren cried out, but she could already feel Powerone
beginning to push on his cock, now entering her rectum and pushing deeper. 
"AAGGHH," she yelled, Powerone punching his cock into her defenseless asshole. 
"GGGRRR," bearing down on her asshole, straining, hoping to stop some of the
pain as the big cock began to push inside her.  She could feel the veins
sticking out on his cock as they tore her silky insides, could feel the ridge on
the head of his cock rubbing painfully inside her, stretching her open.  She
felt him pull back until only the head was locked by her asshole, holding it
tightly like it did not want to let it leave.  But Loren knew he would not pull
it out, not until he dumped his hot, sticky cum deep inside of her.  She grunted
in pain again as he rabbit punched her asshole with his cock, forcing her to
take sharp, painful punches of his cock, each time pulling almost all of the way
out before fucking deeper the next time.
	
	Powerone began to fuck her with his cock, her insides clinging to his
cock as he dragged it from her clenching asshole, only to push it back in again,
each time going deeper.  Each time he forced her open to the large cock, the
bottle can sized head of his cock tearing her open.  He grunted in exertion as
he fucked back in, her asshole fighting him as he pushed in, her body gleaming
in sweat as she bucked beneath his powerful strokes.  "You have half of it now,
baby, can you feel my cock in your hot and tight asshole," fucking her with a
powerful thrust that knocked the air from her lungs.
	
	"WWWHHHOOOSSHH, OOOWW," Loren yelled, the cock raping her little
asshole, tearing inside her, pushing aside any resistance on her part as it
forced itself into her body deeper and deeper.  She didn't think it could go any
further inside her, but each time he fucked back in it sought out a new, unused
portion of her colon, pushing aside and stretching open her tender flesh.  Her
stomach cramped each time he pushed in, sinking into the depths of her body, her
asshole not built for large cocks to be pushed inside.
	
	"Loren, do you like Powerone's cock up your ass, is it what you always
imagined?" Zorg voice filling Loren's head.
	
	Loren shook her head back and forth, the pain shooting up her spine as
her sphincter clung to the cock as it pushed inside her with its powerful fucks. 
She tried to move her legs, attempting to open them further, hoping to stop some
of the pain, but the bondage prevent only side to side movement of her hips. 
Movement that Powerone encouraged with his hands on her hips, movements that
further excited his cock, that milked his cock as he fucked her.  "Oh, God, no
more, I can't take any more, your cocks too big.  Not in my asshole," she
blurted out.
	
	"I have so much more for you Loren, so much more cock.  There is still
another 6 inches of cock.  Six inches more of hard cock to plunge into your hot,
tight asshole.  It feels good, Loren, your asshole feels so good," leaning
forward, his cock pushing in her deeper, his fingers running over her face. 
"Such a good fuck, Loren, feel this, feel my cock," pushing his cock inside her
another two inches, Loren's face scrunched in pain, tears flowing freely down
her cheeks.  Powerone could hear the air escaping from her battered asshole,
tiny farts of air filling the air as he fucked her with powerful strokes.  He
rabbit fucked her again, a series of quick, brutal fucks, filling her asshole
with his cock.  "More, take some more, Loren," her insides gripping his cock in
pain as he tore into her with another two inches.  Two inches still remained
outside her asshole, two more punishing inches of cock to be forced inside her. 
"Take it all, Loren, take it all in your sweet asshole," burying the last two
inches of cock inside her.  He pulled out quickly until only her sphincter
grabbed the head and then put all of his strength behind the next fuck.  He
buried all thirteen inches of hard cock inside her with one, final punishing
fuck.  He could feel the resistance inside her, pushing aside anything that got
in the way of filling her colon with his massive cock.  His belly slapped
against her ass cheeks, his cum swollen balls slapping noisily against her
pussy.  He pushed in, feeling her asshole clenching and unclenching, milking his
cock.  "Now you have it all, is it all that you expected, is this what Loren was
looking for?"
	
	Loren's screams filled the room, Zorg smiling as he watched her face. 
Her tear stained face, biting her lip as Powerone fucked her in the ass
brutally.  She could not speak, her voice hoarse from screaming, the pain
consuming her body.  She shuddered as Powerone fucked all thirteen inches of
cock into her asshole in one giant fuck, the air rushing from her lungs, his
hands pulling her back onto his cock.  He pulled on her hair, pulling her head
back, her back arched, her ass thrust up high, ready to receive the next
powerful fuck in her tight asshole.  "GGGOODD, take it out, it's tooooo
biiiigggg," she screamed in pain, as the burning of his cock inside her asshole
ripped through her body.  "NNNOOO, moooore, taaakeee it out, I can't take it
anymore."
	
	Powerone looked down at his mammoth organ, a light red stain of blood on
it as it pushed in and out Loren's tight asshole.  Her anus was stretched
tightly around the engorged organ as he sodomized her virgin asshole.  He could
feel her sphincter clamping on the plum sized head of his cock as it tore up and
down her anal passage.  He gave her a painful push with his cock, jamming it
into the tender sides of her asshole, feeling her body jerk in pain as he did. 
He bottomed out in her colon, feeling his cock forcefully push its way inside
her.  He pulled it out, feeling her clamping tightly on the raping organ as it
created a vacuum inside.  "AAAWW," pushing in hard, "do you like my cock, Loren,
can you feel it raping you?"
	
	Her head moved back and forth, her throat hoarse from screaming, but
Powerone continued to fuck her in the ass.  It felt like a baseball bat shoved
up her ass.  She could feel every ridge and bump on the massive cock plunging in
and out of her asshole.  Her stomach cramped on the raping cock, the huge head
of his cock burying itself painfully in her colon.  "No, no," she cried out,
Zorg standing in front of her, his grotesque organs jerking in response to her
pain.  "AAAAGGGH," the cock pushed deep inside her, all thirteen inches of
painful cock jerking inside her virgin backside.  It hurt coming out as much as
going in, the cock dragging painfully along her passage until on the head was
gripped by her sphincter.  She did not have time to respond when all of a sudden
in plunged back in again in one giant, forceful fuck that sent the organ burying
itself back into her, knocking the air from her lungs as he did.
	
	Powerone could feel the cum rushing up from his balls, burying his organ
deep inside, jerking in response to the clutching passage.  "GGGOODDD, what a
good assfuck you are Loren.  Take my cum, take it up your hot asshole!" 
	
	She felt it twitch and shudder and then felt a jet of hot cum shoot deep
inside her.  She felt the cock begin to fuck her again, each time it bottomed
out in her colon, he would drop another load of cum.  She heard the sloshing of
his cum as he fucked her asshole.  It felt like she was being filled with two
gallons of cum as he continued to fill her bowels with his seed.  "OOUCCH," she
yelled as his cock slipped out of her asshole with a loud fart, his hand
slapping her ass cheek hard.  She slumped down, exhausted from the brutal rape
of her asshole.  It was short lived.  She felt Zorg behind her, his cold, clammy
skin pushed against her ass cheeks.  "No, No," she begged, "not you." 
	
	Zorg's backsidekock jerked in response.  Interesting, he noted, almost
like Powerone's cock.  His backsidekock began to expand outward, now standing
almost perpendicular to his body, ten inches of kock.  Marbles covered the
instrument, making it very uneven and bumpy.  The head of it was big, but it
would get bigger.  When it began to fill with liquid, the large marble at the
end would expand to almost as big as a grapefruit.  It would not shrink until it
shot out the liquid in it.  The liquid was a very slimy, salty and bitter
tasting fluid.  It would contain almost a quart of the foul fluid and would
flood her bowels.
	
	"Please, no more," begged Loren, but she already felt the hard
backsidekock push against her asshole.  Her asshole was still gaping wide,
stretched open from Powerone's brutal fucking, no defense for Zorg's powerful
organ.  "AAAGGHH," she cried as the thick head pushed aside all defenses in and
sank painfully into her rectum, jerking in pleasure as it was caressed by her
silky insides.  She braced herself as she felt Zorg continued the ruthless
plunder of her asshole, his backsidekock burying itself deeply into her asshole
in one plunge, sliding along her slick passage, aided by the load of cum
Powerone had dumped inside her.  All ten inches sank deep inside her colon,
jerking in pleasure in the hot, tight confines.  The rough texture, the marbles
popping all over the appendage, stretched her passage painfully as it did.
	
	Zorg smiled in pleasure.  What an interesting phenomenon, fucking, ass
fucking, he thought.  He felt the head of his cock swell in response to her
clutching asshole, the marble on the head stretching her deep inside as it
swelled up to massive proportions.  He could feel her tearing, her screams
filling the room, Powerone's cock already jerking hard again in response.  He
pushed, his backsidekock increasing in length.  First two more inches, her body
jerking in pain as it straightened out her colon.  Another jerk, another two
inches, now longer then where Powerone had fucked.  He twisted and turned his
cock inside her, wanting her to feel the swollen head stretching her painfully.
	
	Loren could not believe the pain as the swollen organ tore her insides. 
She could feel the wetness, not sure if it was her tearing or Zorg's raping
organ creating it.  It felt like the organ was going to come out her mouth as it
continued to grow inside her.  "NNNO, no more," she cried, the cramps in her
stomach growing as the organ increased in length.  "No deeper," she cried.
	
	His backsidekock was now extended over 16 inches.  Sixteen inches of
hard, rough, kock.  Her asshole had already torn, unable to stretch any longer
as the marbles on the kock rubbed harshly over the abraded opening.
	
	"Fuck her Zorg, show her what a alien ass fucking is," Powerone shouted.
	
	Zorg needed no further encouragement, he began to pull his weapon from
her asshole, the grapefruit sized head pulling from deep inside her colon,
dragging painfully along her clenching anal tract.  He pulled it almost out, her
rectum stretched wide to accept the head before he plunged back into her.
	
	Loren screamed one last time before slumping over from the pain.  The
intense pain of the ass fucking too much for her frail human body.  No one even
noticed, Zorg continuing to ass fuck her, his weapon now crimson from the blood
of her anal tract.  The only sound in the room was the slapping of alien flesh
against Loren's flesh, the harsh slap as she was brutally sodomized.  Zorg
lasted for over twenty minutes.  Twenty minutes of brutal fucking until finally
he dumped a load inside Loren, over a quart of alien cream.  Zorg pulled his
shrinking backsidekock from Loren.
	
	"I'm afraid our experiment is over.  While we may be able to heal the
damage, I think the human body is too frail to take the abuse," Zorg exclaimed.
	
	Powerone found himself sitting at his computer.  The screen shown
brightly, the page empty except for a title "Alien Sexual Abduction of Loren". 
That's a great idea for a story, he thought.  Loren will really love it.  He
began to type, The Alien spacecraft had been observing ................
	
The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





