BDSM Library - She Who Is His




She Who Is His
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She takes a job and gets more than she bargained for.
She who is His



	4:30AM.

 	Too fucking early to speak. I don't even want this job. The guy I talked
to kind of freaked me out, he sounded so vague about what the job was... but
that he had heard so many great things about me.  From who, I have no idea, it's
not like I have any friends or family. I took a shower and dressed in my only
suit; black jacket and short skirt, black silk t-shirt, sheer black hose and
heels. Then I put my straight brown hair up in a bun, threw on some lips and
eyes, grabbed my glasses, purse, portfolio and orange juice and flew out the
door to the bus stop...

	I walked into the building a half hour early. I was so eager yet
expecting the usual: a boss just looking down his nose at me. But his secretary
was a snooty blond with a small nose piercing and I thought that there might be
some shimmer of hope. I was let into a large office with huge windows and a
giant stone desk and leather chairs and I wondered why, considering I thought I
wasn't interviewing for a top position. He stood up when I came in and held out
his hand, I shook it instinctively and smiled and said, "hello." He mentioned
something about standing during the interview and before I had time to answer he
had looked me up and down so obviously it was almost peculiar. He was handsome
in a rugged sort of way with no ring or a picture frame in sight. Something
about him was so amazing. All of a sudden I felt I was in a different kind of
interview.

	He came around to the front of his desk and sat on the edge and told me
that he already knew a lot about me and that my name wouldn't be used anymore as
he motioned for me to turn around. The excitement I felt from this was
incredible but I felt I had to tell him that I wasn't the interview he was
expecting. Or was I? He asked how old I was, 25 and when my parents died, I was
nine, adoptive family, no. I was nervous and my hands began to sweat as he asked
very personal questions like if I was promiscuous and how many lovers I've had
and, "excuse me sir," I interrupted as he looked at me like I cut off his finger
instead of his sentence, "but what is the job title I'm interviewing for." "Why
my slave of course," he said matter-of-factly, "a new one to train aren't you?"
"Well yes sir but I feel I must tell you in case you were expecting someone
else." Minutes seemed to go by before he spoke, "yet you're not leaving, are
you? Tell me does it sound intriguing to you then?" "Well," I stuttered, "what
does it entail?" He walked over to me and brushed his hand against my face and
said, "you do whatever I want"...as his hand drifted down to my breast. He took
my nipple between his fingers and squeezed it hard and said, "whatever I want.
You're my property and I pay you for it. You will move into my house and be my
personal holes to do with as I please...and I must say they sent over a very
beautiful slut." I stood there so enamored I couldn't move, I thought about what
he had just said and I realized I was excited.

	"I see you still haven't left yet, answer the questions." I told him
about all the men and women in my life and about life in the orphanage and how
difficult it was. "Well perfect then," he said, "you are a fucking whore you'll
start tonight...terms and conditions are in that letter on the table there," he
pointed, "I know you don't have any loose ends to tie as you have no family and
here you go..." He handed me a pen and I read the letter that stated an amount
for service and gasped. It was more money than I had ever seen as I signed
before I could think and he said, "that's the last decision you will ever make
now turn around and bend over that chair."

	I turned slowly and bent over this big leather chair in front of his
desk and took a deep breath. He told me to pull my stockings and panties down to
my knees and lift my skirt. I hesitated for a moment but I began to do it and he
told me to hurry up. I pulled my panties down with my stockings and I lifted my
skirt a little. "More," he said and I lifted it higher as I heard him get on the
phone. He asked for someone on the other line and he told me to raise my ass
higher and arch my back and stay. I did and he talked to someone for a moment
and I looked back and he was just looking at my ass and then up to my eyes as I
looked at his. He ended his call and told me like a child that I was never to
disobey, I was told to stay, not look at him and he came over to me and spanked
my ass hard. He kept his hand on my ass cheek and he squeezed my tit hard and
told me that I was always to obey and do exactly what my new master says. He
said, "I am your mind now," and he squeezed my other tit and spanked my ass
again. He laughed about how wet I was getting and then he bent down and
whispered in my ear, "you have a perfect ass hole," and then he told me to pull
up my hose to just under my ass and pull my skirt back down and follow him. He
walked quickly and started giving me a list of rules that he said he wanted me
to follow strictly. Rules about being in public, house rules would come
later...I always walk behind him, never speak unless spoken to, always call him
Sir; I am to be considered his new assistant...etc.

	We got into a large limo downstairs and he told me that he would take it
easy on me in the beginning and said to get down on my knees and face the front
of the car. He put a blindfold on me and told me to bend down and put my head on
the floor. He then told me to lift my skirt, push down my hose and panties to my
knees and spread my cheeks so he could look at his new holes. I felt so
humiliated and excited at the same time as the car bounced along, with my face
on the floor and I held my cheeks open for him. He said that he would let me get
to trust him first and that there will be a lot of work involved. After what
seemed like hours we stopped and he took the blindfold off. I stepped out of the
car and was in front of an old stone mansion with vines of ivy and beautiful
huge old windows and a gigantic oak door. He walked inside and I followed into
the great hall of what seemed like a castle; stone walls and tapestries and
giant paintings hung all over into other rooms and up into rafters 80 feet high.
A woman in a uniform took my arm and led me upstairs to a beautiful room with a
large four-poster bed, tall ceilings and fabric everywhere. She led me into the
bathroom and said to take off my clothes for inspection. Another woman joined
her as I was bathed and shaved and waxed and scrubbed from top to bottom and
even given an enema. I was brought back into the bedroom when they were done
with me, measured everywhere and then left alone to stand there naked.

	After what seemed like forever the door opened and he walked in. "Now
the rules for life...you are to get on your knees with your head to the floor
whenever I enter a room." I got down instantly and he praised me...patting me on
the head and telling me this was respect position. He told me, "You are to never
make a sound unless I tell you to and never even think about speaking." He told
me to get up and open my mouth as he looked inside with a stick he took from his
pocket, poked at my lips and looked at my gums. He turned my head and looked
into my ears and then lifted my tits and pinched one of my nipples hard until I
winced. He then told me to get on all fours on the bed and told me to put my ass
up high and my head low, he smacked my ass hard and told me higher. I held it as
high as I could with my head down on the bed as he explained that this is
inspection position. I heard what sounded like rubber gloves snapping behind me
then felt my pussy lips parting. I kept my ass up high as he probed my pussy and
ass seeming to look inside me. "I want to explain what I'm going to do to you so
you know what you're in for," he said as he pulled my lips apart and put his
fingers inside my pussy. I let out a moan and he smacked my ass and said, "Never
speak I said didn't I, another rule you've broken, we'll take care of that
later. I need to break you before I can truly own you," he said as he put his
finger in my ass hole and I jumped. "Has no one ever fucked your ass hole
whore?" he asked almost yelling, "no Sir," I squeaked out as he worked another
finger inside it, "I love to work virgin ass hole until I can see into the
stomach," he said laughing.

	He kept probing my ass hole telling me how nice it was to finally find a
slut with a new hole as I tried not to move or scream. He pulled his fingers out
of me slow and told me to turn over as he took off his gloves and he put my legs
back with my knees up but spread apart and my hands in a begging kind-of
position and said this was the roll-over position. He squeezed my tits and
pinched my nipples hard as I bit my lip and he went back to looking at my pussy
when he called to the women outside the door. "Look here," he said to one of
them, smacking my pussy lips, "next time you wax her make sure you get
everything," he asked if dinner was ready, told them to serve the guests then
sent them away. He snapped another pair of gloves on then he took out his fat
hard cock and didn't say a word as he looked right at me with anger and pulled
my legs up onto his shoulders and shoved it into my pussy hard. He said nice
tight pussy hole then took out his dripping wet cock and worked it into my ass
hole. He moaned as I grabbed onto the bedspread and held on breathing hard and
tried not to scream. I couldn't help but let out a yelp as he finally shoved it
all the way in hard and started to fuck me fast. He shook his head and fucked me
harder as I cried and whimpered. "I'm going to train you to require this slut,
like air," he said as he took his cock out and told me to get back into
inspection position.

	He smacked my ass hard as I held it high and he shoved some fingers into
my ass and I felt a liquid get rubbed into it. He put both thumbs in my ass hole
and stretched me out as he told me to scream. I did and he jammed his cock back
in it hard and said, "Too bad I need to stretch this hole slut, it's good and
tight," as he fucked me so hard telling me to look at my sloppy tits bouncing.
His thumbs were still in as he fucked me I realized and although it hurt I
started to feel myself cum as I screamed and backed into him. My body shook and
convulsed uncontrollably as he fucked harder and faster and he pulled his thumbs
out and smacked my ass. He held my hips hard and kept fucking my hole until he
came inside it moaning and quivering.

	He snapped off the gloves while he said, "Be my dog, whore," he pointed
to the floor and I got down on all fours. He left the room and returned and
said, "good slut," and pat me on the head and he told me to not use my mouth
hole to make sound anymore and that I had good wild hair for a dog slut as he
bent down and put a thick, leather collar around my neck and eased a big plug in
my ass making his cum and my blood drip out of me and down my legs. The plug had
a long tail attached to it made out of a bunch of leather pieces and he pulled
me by my leash down the stairs telling me to heal.




2

	He led me into a large dining room with a long table with at least eight
to ten men sitting around it eating. "Gentlemen," he announced, "My new holes.
It has already disobeyed me so this should be a fun evening." Everyone stood,
mumbled and pointed and they all sat down and commenced eating. Sir walked to
the head of the table and told me to get into inspection position with my ass
facing the table at his right side...I did and he threw scraps of steak onto the
floor and told me to eat them.

	When he was done with his dinner he pet my head and pinched my nipples
hard...the other men just watched and looked over the table at me, whispering
and laughing. Everywhere his hand went I lifted my body to it, my ass, my head,
I was his good pet slut. They laughed at the dried cum and blood on my ass and
talked about my puckering cunt hole. He told them that he had just stuffed my
virgin ass hole for the first time and they asked to see it.

	He pulled the plug out and held it over my back as it dripped on me and
everyone gasped. They started laughing and congratulating him on finding a
virgin hole and he shoved the plug back in so hard I screamed. He patted my rump
hard and told me I was a stupid pig and he asked everyone if they wanted cigars
in the library and I was led there.

	I was posed sitting on a pillow in a corner sitting directly on the plug
going deeper into my hole, my legs were spread, my thumb was shoved in my mouth
and I held up the end of the leash in my other hand. One man asked when I'd be
ready and Sir said, "Probably not for a while yet as it was just her first time
and it has already disobeyed me. She only knows one trick, and I just started to
work the holes," and then he said,  "inspection position." He told them he
hadn't even seen what the mouth hole could do as I rolled over into the exact
position he taught me earlier and he smiled and told me, "You might get off easy
tonight slut."

	I stayed that way while the men kept staring and smoking. One of them
said, "We should watch the cunt smoke," then they all laughed and Sir said, "Wag
your tail slut," and I did, shaking my ass so the tail swished back and forth.
They laughed again and I felt a smack and fingers probing my pussy hole. "It
might be a hard one to crack though," Sir continued, "As I think the slut thinks
it still has free will and I don't think the holes will be good enough for the
big challenge." "Do you know which room your going to enter the whore in," a
voice said as my cunt hole was fucked with something and I tried to keep quiet.
"Well, I think I'm going to train the ass hole and the mouth hole depending on
her throat," Sir said, "I've always wanted to train a hot slut's virgin ass hole
to take my fist and win the chair at the Event and I've got 3 weeks to do it
in," he continued as he moved the plug around to stretch my ass hole. He told me
to then get into role-over position and he flicked his cigar over me as he said,
"Your just a little fucking cunt aren't you whore?" I answered, "Yes Sir," and I
felt the heat from the ashes on my stomach.

	Every one of those men looked at me as they carried on business
conversations and smoked their cigars. "Well," Sir said, "Should we see what her
mouth will do?" They all got up and Sir led me on my hands and knees to a locked
room and said, "This is your punishment for moving and letting your cunt voice
be heard." He unlocked the door and led me in as the others went into another
room.

	Three huge, gorgeous dogs came over to him gently and he pet them and
said to them, "She is my new cunt and you might get to fuck it if it keeps being
a stupid pig." He led me to a spot where he opened up a piece in the wall
slightly higher than my head and he told me to crawl into it up to my waist and
open my mouth. I did so I was on all fours with the wall between me and I saw
the other men in the next room drinking and smoking. A small plug was inserted
into my pussy and I heard the dogs start to whine and howl.

	"I'll bring you a hole later my beautiful babies," he said to the dogs,
"But I just want you to tease this one." He left the room and I saw him enter
the one with the top of my body in it and as I felt the dogs sniff and lick my
rump behind me I saw Sir turn on a huge TV and set the channel to the one with a
close up of my filled holes getting sniffed and licked by the dogs. My mouth was
kept open and I was drooling on the carpet and he came over and smacked my face
and said, "Don't ever disrespect me again slut," as he undid his pants and took
out his fat hard cock. He smacked me hard with it and shoved it all the way in
my open, drooling mouth and I gagged as I opened my throat and took it all in.

	He shook and moaned and said, "Good suck slut," and grabbed my ears and
hair and fucked my head hard until he came on my face. Just then the men laughed
as I looked up and saw that the dogs were humping my legs and ass, licking my
filled holes and yelping. Another cock went into my mouth and it was fucked
again as I felt dog cum release on my ass. All the men fucked my face hard as I
watched the dogs howl and hump me all night until I passed out.

	All of a sudden I woke up in the same spot, bent over the low wall but
with bright light shining through the windows and my leash chained to a hook
above me. Bowls of food and water were there but I was afraid to eat so I sat
there and looked up at the picture on the screen and saw a woman tied up on all
fours getting fucked by the dogs. I kept watching her as one of the dogs came
over to me and I saw and felt him climb up on my back and hump my filled
posterior. I heard footsteps coming closer so I put my head to the ground and
waited for him to speak. "Eat and drink," he said, "But don't use your
hands"..."Yes Sir," I said and he watched the screen laughing as I ate every
drop and lapped at the water and felt the dog cum on me and looked up to the
screen and watched him run back to the other dogs humping the woman.

	He unhooked my leash and left the room and I saw him enter the room
behind me on the screen. He went over to the other woman and laughed at her and
said, "See what happens when your holes aren't even worthy of rapists, cunt?" He
told her to suck one of dogs as its' pink cock was sticking out right in her
face. She reached for it with her mouth and sucked it as another one locked onto
her ass and humped like a bandit. I made up my mind then that I was going to
take all he could give me so I didn't end up like that.

	He watched her for a little while as the dogs came on her and the others
would start to hump. He told me to back out of the hole and said, "You're going
to end up like that if the holes don't please me. The slut just needs to learn
how to behave," he continued as he led me to the same bedroom as the night
before with all sorts of packages and boxes all over and the same two women
putting all the things from the packages away in closets and drawers. "All the
whore's new clothes," he said as he led me to the bathroom.

	"Do you have to piss little slut?" He took out the plugs and pointed to
the newspaper laid out in the corner of the bathroom and he sat on the edge of
the tub and watched me. When I was finished he wiped me and I looked him in the
eyes...He grabbed my hair and said, "Never look at me in the eyes, whore," and
he bent me over and shoved the plug back into my ass hole dirty and threw me in
the closet in the bathroom, told me to get into inspection position and locked
the door.




3



	It got darker in the closet as the day turned into late afternoon and
the door finally opened. Sir grabbed my leash and walked over to the toilet and
bent me over his knees as he sat down and pulled the plug out and through it in
the sink. He spanked my ass hard 5 times and asked me if my hole had to shit. I
nodded my head and he walked me to the paper in the corner and said, "Face the
wall and squat, cunt." I squatted and shit as he laughed at me, he handed me
paper and I wiped and he pulled my head down from my collar and shoved my face
down over my own smelly pile. "You're a disobedient slut, whore, don't you ever
look at me again, cunt. Now, we're going out to dinner slut, and you're to
behave like a lady if that's possible."

	He took my collar off and he left and I was bathed and rubbed down all
over with baby oil and dressed in a very short, black, beaded gown with an
extremely low back so the crack of my ass peaked out, and black high heels. My
hair was put up and make-up was put on me and I walked out into the bedroom and
Sir told me to turn around. I turned for him and he told me to bend over and
lift my skirt. I did and he shoved a big plug in my ass as I bit my lip, then he
handed me a purse and he walked away telling me to follow him.

	I was posed in the limo on my hands and knees with my ass facing him and
he made a couple of phone calls about later in the evening. He told me to put on
my best manners in this restaurant and to eat with silverware and to do whatever
he said. We stopped and I got out of the car behind him and he took my arm and
led me into the restaurant.

	Everyone looked at us as we walked in to a beautiful formal dining room.
We were seated right away and he nodded to some people, at tables with long
white linen cloths to the floor. He told me to keep my legs open under the table
and sit back on the plug as the waiter placed the napkins on our laps and filled
our water. The waiter looked at me and asked Sir if he would like anything to
drink. "Two scotches," he said and the waiter left.

	"How does the plug feel, slut?" He said quietly.

 	"Good Sir."

	"How do you feel being publicly humiliated like the whore that you are
cunt?" "Good Sir."

	"You know everyone knows how much of a slut you are with your ass crack
showing from the back of that dress you fucking hole."

	"Yes Sir."

	"Very well, I've got something planned for later that you might like
pig."

	Just then the waiter walked up with the drinks and Sir told me to take a
sip and I did as he ordered two rare steaks with potatoes and spinach. He told
me to go to the bathroom and re-apply lipstick that I would find in my bag and
"I want you to comment on the pictures that are in there when you get back,
slut".

	"Yes Sir," I said as I got up and slinked to the ladies room and pissed
and wiped carefully. I washed my hands and sat down on the stool in the lounge
in front of the mirror and opened the purse. I applied the lipstick slowly and
looked at the photos. There were three, one was a picture of a slut's holes and
the ass hole was so wide open and empty that it looked like you could just shove
your fist in without even touching the sides. This photo was labeled number one.
The second labeled number two was of an ass hole stretched by a speculum with a
man's arm shoved in until above his elbow and as I looked at it I felt my pussy
begin to drip. Number three was a woman sucking and getting fucked by horses.

	I put the pictures away and glided back out to the table feeling all the
eyes in the restaurant on me. I sat down and spread my legs and put the napkin
back on my lap. "Now," he said, as the salads came out "What do you think of
number one?" The waiter asked if we needed anything and Sir said, "No thank
you," and I asked for pepper and as I looked down at the pepper being grinded
onto my salad I told him I thought it was beautiful. The waiter left and as Sir
shook his head he told me to sit at the edge of the seat and sit back on the
plug and eat and as I did he said number two.

	"It made my pussy wet, Sir," I said and I took another bite." "Well then
it looks like I'm going to have to make you lick the inside of your dress clean
aren't I, you fucking whore," he said quietly. "Yes Sir," I said after chewing
and I took the last gulp of the scotch. He called the waiter over and asked for
two more drinks and as he left Sir said, "Number three." "Disappointment, Sir,"
I said as I continued to eat quietly. "Well I like the choice of words slut, as
you know what will happen to you if you disappoint me." "Yes sir."

	The drinks came and then the salads were taken away and the steaks came
out. The waiter left and Sir told me to eat and then asked if I liked pepper a
lot. "Yes Sir," I said as I took a bite of my steak. "Because that was very
insolent and I think it deserves punishment don't you?" As he took another bite
and I put my fork and knife down. "Good, slut," he said, "Now, I want you to
slip into the larger stall in the men's room and wait for me." I did and when he
came in he bent me over the toilet and checked me. He wiped my cunt juice onto
my face and twisted the plug and pulled down the skirt to cover my holes and
said, "Stay there and don't even think about cumming or making a sound for
them."

	He went out of the stall and I heard him talking to someone and the
stall door opened and the man gasped at my position bent over the toilet with my
ass sticking up. Sir locked the stall as the man lifted my skirt and laughed. He
gave Sir some money and Sir handed him a condom and the man put it on his rock
hard cock and shoved it into my pussy. He fucked me fast and pulled the condom
off and came on my ass as I grabbed the toilet and didn't make a sound. The man
told Sir that his friend might enjoy the hole and he said ok as the guy cleaned
himself off and left.

	Sir bent down and whispered in my ear, "You are my fuck slut to do with
as I please," and another man came in to the bathroom and knocked on the stall
door. Sir let him in and they shook hands and the guy lifted my skirt and said
nice and twisted the plug in my ass. "My friend didn't tell me how much," The
man said as he looked around at my mouth. "20 bucks," Sir said, "I want her to
earn her dinner," and they laughed as the guy handed Sir the money and asked,
"Can I use the mouth." 'Either,' Sir said and snapped at me and ordered, "Turn
around and bend over, cunt," and I complied by opening my mouth. I noticed
people looking over the stall and through the cracks as the guy grabbed my head
and shoved his big cock all the way down my throat and moaned.

	He fucked my mouth hard as I heard Sir letting other guys in and taking
their money and laughing. My skirt was lifted again and I heard more laughter as
my hips were grabbed and a cock went into my pussy hard as my face was still
getting fucked. The cock came out of my mouth and he jerked his cum on my face
and thanked Sir. Another man came over and looked at my mouth and laughed at the
cum all over it and shoved his cock down my throat too. The man in my cunt hole
came on my ass and rubbed it into me as my face was fucked hard and another cock
went into my pussy. This cock was so big that I grunted and I felt a smack on my
ass hard.

	About 6 or 7 men of all shapes and sizes fucked me like that, until Sir
said it was enough and I was told to follow him out well after he left, without
cleaning myself off. He left and I went out and looked in the mirror as a man
washed his hands and he gasped and I saw the cum dripping down my face in the
glass and I took a deep breath. I raised my head and walked out through the
restaurant. Everyone gasped and pointed as I walked through making my way to the
door. It seemed to take forever as I heard women saying whore and slut and men
laughing and grabbing their friend's attention and pointing.

	I walked through the door red-faced and the limo was there and I got in
onto the floor on my hands and knees and right before the door was shut I heard
someone yell, "How much." Sir rolled the window down and he yelled back, "20."
"For each of us?" He yelled back laughing and Sir said, "Ok come on in." Sir got
into a seat on the side and four men got in after a minute and they handed him
money and Sir laughed and smacked me on the ass and said, "You paid for your own
dinner whore," and they all laughed.

	My holes were looked at and one guy said, She's so dirty," and Sir said,
"You could just take her holes in the woods," and they all agreed. The car drove
down a dark dirt road and stopped as the men verbally humiliated me and asked me
all kinds of questions about how it felt to walk through the restaurant as the
true cum-covered slut that I was. One kept spanking my ass and one asked, "Can I
work the ass hole?" Sir said, "Yes, because she needs to get punished after what
she's done."

	One of them seemed to be doing a lot of the talking and loud, asked what
I had done and Sir just said, "She knows," as he bent me over the car, pulled
out the plug and told me to fight. I was thrown at the big guy and he manhandled
me and a couple others grabbed me and bent me over the car. I tried to fight
against them like my Master ordered, but I couldn't help but relax into it and
pray for my next orgasmic release.

	 The loudmouth got behind me and worked his hard cock into my ass and
fucked me hard. They all cheered him on as I was held down and fucked by all of
them. I was grabbed and forced down to my knees and told to stay as they told
the driver to stick his cock down my throat. He came over to me slowly and
pulled his giant cock out and fucked my mouth for a while until he came on my
face. They picked me up and laid me back on the hood of the car and one guy
fucked my cunt while the others held my legs back while another one fucked my
mouth. I screamed and tried to fight them as I watched Sir and the driver
laughing and shaking hands. They flipped me over and held me hard as they all
had their way with me and then threw me in the trunk.

	I was told to get out when the trunk opened and I followed Sir inside
with the other men following, hooting and calling me names. We walked through a
party of people downstairs in the living room and I realized I look like I had
just been raped. I only had one shoe and my hair had all come down and there
were bruises and dirt all over me. Sir laughed and told the guests to make
themselves comfortable and he turned to me and said loud, "Take a good look at
the dirty whore," and he told me to take a turn through the room. After I was
done I was taken upstairs to the bathroom and I was stripped and Sir said,
"After you are bathed, whore you are to be the entertainment for the party
downstairs," he said and pointed to the paper.




4



	I shit and pissed as he said, "You better not disappoint me, slut." One
woman came in and started the bath and then other one came in and started laying
things on the counter. I was told to clean up the paper and he left the room as
the girl motioned to the tub and I got in...she bathed me, dried me and did my
hair up in two high pig tails on either side of my head. She then proceeded to
dress me; thigh high black leather lace up high heel boots, a short black
leather skirt and a black leather lace-up corset and black leather cuffs around
my wrists with hooks on them. He came in and put the collar and leash back on,
bent me over the toilet and roughly lifted my skirt. He poured lube on my ass
and shoved his fingers into my hole hard and worked it open. He pulled my leash
hard so my head was up and I grabbed hold of the bowl. He told me to scream if I
wanted I instantly let go and screamed loud. He laughed at my pain and said,
"You're a worthless toilet whore," and I screamed louder as I felt him stretch
my ass hole wide. He continued, "It's about time I got my hand in you whore," as
he grunted and I felt him spread me wider.  He pushed it hard making me want to
beg him to stop but I just screamed louder as I felt him push hard. He grunted,
"It's just not big enough yet, you stupid whore." I felt him use both hands to
stretch me with more fingers and I cried and screamed for him to stop until he
finally pulled his hands out and turned to spit on my face. He said, "You dare
to use words without permission, you filthy whore?" He told me to clean myself
off. I did as he cleaned himself and when he was done and I was cleaning my
holes over the bidet he grabbed me by my hair and said, "You better obey tonight
because your starting to get punishments built up against you, stupid toilet." I
dried off and gathered myself to obey his wishes and he came in and pulled my
leash to lead me out to the bedroom. Sir led me to bend over the bed and I did
and he slid a larger butt plug with a long tail attached to it into my hole
hard. He reached over and slipped a dildo gag down my throat and hooked it
around my head. He pulled my leash to follow him and said, "You are to be a very
obedient slut tonight and be very quiet and stay where you're placed and if you
disobey anyone those holes will be in for a long night." He laughed, "Oh wait,
your holes are already in for a long night," and he led me downstairs into what
seemed to be a den with tapestries, taxidermy and paintings hanging all over the
room and a huge pool table in the middle. There were a lot of people there, men
and women drinking and laughing and the four guys from the woods were in the mix
drinking and laughing. As soon as I entered they all quieted down and Sir said
good evening everyone. He told me to stand and I was led in front of the
fireplace and my hands were hooked above my head. They all laughed at how the
plug with the tail stuck out below the skirt.

	All night I was prodded and poked, pinched and smacked. Everyone's hands
all over me, nipples pinched until blue. I was unhooked and taught how to walk
by one woman who worked me along by the plug in my ass the whole time. One guy
took me down and bent me over a table in the corner and put something large in
my pussy and left me there, everyone was pointing and laughing at me. Calling me
cum slut and fuck whore and a disgusting fuck hole. One woman told me to shake
my ass and I did. Whatever it was in my pussy felt as if it was wobbling as I
shook. I never even moaned or flinched, too afraid of what he might do to me if
I didn't please him. Someone grabbed my leash and I was led to a bowl of food
and wine in the corner and the cock gag was pulled out and I was told to eat and
drink while wagging my tail like a good slut. I wagged so hard I felt the object
smack each ass cheek as I lapped at the food while being laughed at and talked
about. Shouting words like slut, cunt, whore, pig, such dirty fuck holes.

	I was then led to the pool table. I was told to get into inspection
position and my hands were hooked to my leash then to the table. The cock gag
was shoved back into my mouth as my ass was high in the air and all I felt were
hands all over me like a feeding frenzy spreading my lips, rubbing my clit hard,
shaking the plug in my ass and the object in my pussy, stroking my thighs and
pulling at my nipples and skin everywhere. I felt my juices dripping down my leg
and from the different sensations I started to moan and writhe at all the hands
on me. It sounded as if someone clapped twice and everyone started to leave. I
looked around and the room emptied out as everyone passed Sir and bid him
goodbye. I stayed in position and waited.

	I suddenly felt a finger run up my thigh towards my pussy. I prayed to
myself that he would fuck me hard and let me come when a slap fell on my ass. I
jumped as I tried to pull myself together and brace for what was to come. I felt
the thing being pulled from my pussy hard as he said I told you not to move
didn't I  I told you to be quiet, didn't I  He grabbed my leash
and unhooked my wrists and pulled me off the table hard and led me through a
door in the hallway and down some stairs...he was pulling so hard I couldn't
keep up and slipped some of the way scraping my knees and ripping the
skirt..."Stupid slut," he said as he straightened me up by my neck and pulled me
back down to my knees.

	He pulled me to a huge room in the basement with all kinds of weird huge
tables and devices and racks. It was cold and damp and it smelled faintly of
bleach. He unlocked a small cage in the corner and led me roughly into it. He
took the gag out of my mouth and hooked my collar to the floor so I couldn't
move my head and my ass was up in the air. He removed the plug from through the
bars and showed me an even bigger one and I gasped, "I want you to scream," he
said as he jammed it into my pussy to get it wet. I grabbed the floor of the
cage hard and yelped as he fucked me with the fat plug and he said, "Too bad
slut," and pulled it out and jammed it into my ass hard and I screamed as the
pain coursed through my body. He stood there laughing and said, "I can't wait
until my entire arm is in your dirty hole," and as he left the room he
continued, "Just wait until tomorrow, cunt," and shut the lights.

	I stayed there crying in complete darkness in that cage for a long
time...I was afraid to put my head down for fear of falling asleep. I couldn't
sing or even hum. I didn't even know if there was an intercom or camera that
would let me be seen or heard. I kept drifting off to sleep from my own
weakness. I awoke to footsteps and light and straightened up...food was put in
the cage and I was told I could eat. I ate in complete darkness after Sir left
and tried to stay awake again. I pissed after trying to hold it for a long
time...I was aching and tired, my knees were killing me I couldn't even tell if
they were bleeding but they felt like it. I woke up again to footsteps, the cage
opened and my collar was unhooked and I was finally pulled from the cage.




5



	"You're a very bad slut, you know," he said as he stood me up and led me
to a gynecologist's table nearby. He motioned for me to get on it and I did...
he tied my hands behind my back and told me to lie back on them lifting my ass
high. He fastened a strap across my chest and one across my hips and my ankles
were bound in the stirrups. He started talking to me as he was putting a pillow
under my head telling me it was so I could see everything that happened in the
mirror on the wall above me, he told me, "Keep your knees out if you know what's
good for you. You need to be taught respect for one's master." He said, "Your
holes are coming along but you keep disobeying, the muzzle is there when I want
you quiet when it is off, like now, I want to hear you." He bent down and
smacked my tit, I yelped and he whispered in my ear, "I'm really going to enjoy
your next punishment, whore."

 	I was so scared, yet for some reason so wet and excited at the same
time. I saw him grab scissors from a tray of instruments and he cut my clothes
off. He dropped a piece of the table down and my ass hung off the edge. He
turned and left the room. The younger woman who I heard the other one call Lily
came in and bathed me. She told me softly, "Just relax into it and breathe
through the pain and try not to fight it cause then it hurts. He doesn't like to
hurt anyone he just likes to make the holes into something medically possible
yet bizarre," she said as she rinsed me with a hose connected to the sink in the
corner. She rubbed heavy oil into my holes and she left me then all cold and
shivering and he came back in. Very nice he said as he put on a mask, apron and
heavy black rubber gloves. "I love it when my slaves look like bound little
girls," He turned to the door, "Gentlemen," he said, and four men walked in, all
in masks, gloves and aprons.

	I was freezing and shivered uncontrollably and my body ached from
sleeping in the cage. Sir started laughing as he pulled a rope from the tray and
started binding my tits so they stood straight out from my body...he then took
the end of the rope and wrapped it around my neck and took the pillow away so my
head stayed up and he tied it off. My nipples looked like two purple plums I
noticed as the other men laughed and one started squirting me with freezing
water from the hose again. Sir almost seemed to giggle as he grabbed 2 screw
clamps and placed them on each nipple. I felt a surge of energy go through me.

	I felt and heard my pussy dripping onto the floor as Sir took a bottle
of something from the tray and sat down on a stool right in front of my
wide-open holes. He squirted a thick liquid all over them as the man behind him
picked up a huge butt plug attached to a hose of some kind. Two of the men
grabbed each knee and pulled them out so my pussy opened even wider. One guy
took another dildo off the tray and came around behind my head and put it in my
mouth as Sir said now just relax...this wont hurt a bit and laughed. The other
man just stood behind Sir holding the plug looking at me with a very wicked look
on his face. The man holding the dildo in my mouth started to fuck it as he
turned the screws on the clamps on my nipples tighter. Sir held up a small
pen-like devise with a cord attached and he touched it to my clit and I jumped
as it shocked me making me shudder. He teased me with it watching me closely
until I was about to cum and he stopped and let me breathe.

	Sir held up the plug the guy behind him handed him as the two holding my
knees spread me wider and Sir inserted it into my ass hole and asked me, "Are
you enjoying the view in the mirror, toilet?" The man took the dildo out of my
mouth and I gasped for air and screamed, "Yes Master," as the plug found its
spot and locked in. He shoved the dildo back into my mouth and kept fucking it,
flicking at my nipples and turning the screws every so often as I drooled and
breathed hard on the dildo. "Your just a little fuck slut aren't you, whore?"
Sir asked as he grabbed the pen and held them up to show me.

	The man behind him started pumping something up as I felt the pressure
in my ass getting more intense. "We're going to open that ass hole up whore,"
Sir said as he put the pen on my clit again and thought I was going to lose it
and he took it off. "I need your ass hole wide for my pleasure cunt just like
the pictures, whore," and he laughed. I felt the drool dripping down the sides
of my mouth as the guy fucked it with the dildo hard and the sensation coming
from my ass and cunt was over whelming.

	It was so hard to breathe and relax into the pain, so I could take more
of Sir's anger at my disappointment. I felt my asshole stretching wider and
wider as he kept telling me how much of a whore I am teasing me with the pen
shocking my clit. My body started to shake uncontrollably as Sir flicked a
switch and the plug in my ass started to vibrate and move. He told the man to
take the dildo out of my mouth and I instantly gasped for air screaming and
begging him to stop. "Oh stop?" He asked laughing as he grabbed a pair of
tweezers and pinched my clit lightly. The two men holding my knees, spread my
pussy lips wide pinching and teasing them. "You want me to stop slut?" He said
as the man behind him kept pumping the plug. "Yes sir," I said screaming,
"Please Sir," through the man teasing my mouth with the dildo. He motioned to
the man behind him and he stopped pumping.

	"All right I'll stop," he said as he grabbed 2 more clamps attached to
separate chains and handed them to the guys holding my legs apart. They attached
them to my pussy lips and pulled them open wide as they laughed and Sir grabbed
a huge dildo with a cord from the tray. He held up the dildo and reached over
and flicked a switch, the dildo vibrated, glowed and bumps seemed to rise and
fall on it. He grabbed a bottle of the liquid and squirted it on the dildo so it
covered it and dripped down onto his hand as the clamps on my lips were
tightened and spread wider. He inserted the dildo into my cunt hole and I
screamed even louder trying to relax into the ecstasy mixed with pain.

	I begged him to stop, promising I'd be good and pay attention to his
orders. He told me to shut the fuck up as I received the dildo in my mouth and
Sir fucked my pussy so hard I was crying in sobs and shaking. I felt my orgasm
so close and was afraid to let go but I couldn't help it. I started to
concentrate on the pain coursing through my body and it got me even hotter. I
started to cum violently and I convulsed and screamed through the dildo in my
mouth. They laughed as they watched me and they kept fucking my holes hard and I
kept cumming and shaking ferociously. He said, "You are going to pay for
disrespecting me in public," He laughed, "You've still got another one coming,
whore. I like it, fuck up again," and they all laughed

	All of a sudden he took the dildo out of my pussy and the chains were
hooked to the table spreading my empty hole even wider. Sir said, "I want her to
think some more about what she's done," and he got up and they all followed him
and went to the corner and took off their gloves and masks and each turned to
watch me as the others washed their hands and laughed and chatted about my fuck
holes. "She'll never be ready in time," I heard Sir say as he then came over and
tightened the screws on my nipples. "The pussy is sloppy, the asshole is nowhere
near sufficient and the mouth is nasty," he said as he leaned over and pulled on
the tweezers on my clit sending jolts through me. "I'm never going to let you do
anything with you misbehaving and your willingness to obey, cunt," he said as I
shook and whimpered.

	He looked at my filled ass hole and the guy that had pumped my ass up
came over and pulled the dildo out hard without letting the air out and I
screamed so loud begging for forgiveness. Sir laughed as he shoved the dildo
back in my mouth and told me not to get spit on his bare hand and then shook his
head and told me to hold the cock in my mouth and turned around and snapped the
thick gloves back on. The other guy was fingering my sore ass hole as I drifted
off into unconsciousness.  I woke up to something so extremely cold in my ass
and laughter all around me, someone saying something about being packed with ice
and me being a human cooler. It felt so good as Sir said, "I thought that would
wake you up," and held up a fat dildo made of ice. He shoved it in my pussy so
hard I bit down on the dildo in my mouth and screamed through it. He fucked me
as the ice melted and until I was numb from the waist down. I felt all the water
dripping out of my ass as the ice melted and the man kept putting cubes into my
ass hole. The dildo kept fucking my mouth and I couldn't feel my pussy or ass
and I kept drifting off into sleep as I was played with all night.




6



	I woke up the next day on a dog bed in the corner on the floor of the
huge bedroom. I was collared and shivering. I sat up and looked around, touching
my bruises and caressing the spots of pain. I looked over at Sir looking at me
from the bed and he said, "Do you have to piss slut?" "Yes Sir," I said as I put
my head to the ground in the respect position. He pointed and said, "You may use
the bucket in the corner." I crawled over and saw a bucket and toilet paper and
hovered over it holding myself up. "May I shit, Sir?" I said and he replied, "No
slut and now I really have to teach you a lesson for disobeying again," and
turned over and went back to sleep. I lied back down on the dog bed and just as
soon as I fell into a deep sleep, Sir pulling on my leash to follow him jolted
me awake.

	"Come on slut...I'm going to take you for your next lesson in training,"
he said as he pulled me through the house and into the backyard, "I'm going to
treat you like the stupid dog you are. Your punishments haven't taught you
anything have they, whore?" "No Sir," I said as I looked around the yard. There
were huge vast gardens and many gardeners trimming and pruning the landscape.
They all turned and looked as Sir, in his bathrobe walked his naked slut dog
through the gardens to the back by the animal cages and sheds. "I can tell that
you are just going to be holes for my dogs with your attitude cunt. You are my
fucking animal slut, do you hear me and your going to shit and piss like one
too, understand cunt?" Sir said as he led me into one of the cages and unhooked
the leash from my collar.

	His dogs were in larger cages next to me barking and whining. "Yes sir,"
I said and as he watched me I squatted in the corner of the cage and shit on the
ground. "Now live there in the mud and shit like the animal you are." He kneeled
down and told me, "During your punishment last night I was very disappointed in
your attitude." He said, "If you ever talk to me out of turn again I'll just
sell you to a pain master. You're going to learn to obey me if I have to treat
you like the fucking pig slut that you really are forever." "Now grunt like a
pig, slut," he said slowly as he stood up.

	I grunted and squealed until he spoke again, "That is how you are to
answer me from now on and that the gardeners will be walking past you all day to
get equipment from their shed and you're to make those noises whenever they come
by and do whatever they say." He then instructed me that I could sit with my
legs spread when the gardeners were there, stay on all fours with my head down
or lie down with my ass facing the shed, my only three positions. "Understand
slut?" He asked. I grunted my reply and he bent down again and grabbed my hair
through the cage and said, "Don't think I can't see you slut," and he pointed to
the camera behind him. He got up and walked away and just then a gardener walked
up to him and they spoke for a minute. I lied down with my ass to the shed with
my head facing the path so I could see if anyone was coming. The floor of the
cage was all mud mixed with shit and I couldn't help but lie in it from the
constraints of the cage.

	After what seemed like hours I heard footsteps and I sat up with my legs
spread and started grunting and snorting as a dark foreign looking gardener
stopped to look at me before going into the shed. He came out and another walked
up to him as I kept grunting and squealing. They started laughing and saying
something in Spanish as I continued my noises. One held a small rake up and said
something and they laughed as he came closer to the cage and fed the pole end of
the rake through the cage and poked at me. The dogs just sat there and watched,
drooling as I grunted louder and they poked at my tits. Another gardener walked
up and laughed and ran into the shed and returned with a large shovel with a fat
rounded pole and shoved it hard at my pussy through the cage. The other guy hit
him and he was much more gentle as I humped the end of the pole, snorting and
grunting. The one with the rake turned it around and started to rake it across
my tits and stomach as I grunted louder fucking the pole.

	Now a bunch of them had gathered and were staring and laughing slapping
their knees as I humped and squealed like a pig. They were hooting and hollering
as one of them said hands and knees and I turned around with my ass to them and
kept grunting. I felt the rake across my back and the pole probing my ass and
cunt...I leaned back into it and grunted loud as the pole slipped into my wet
pussy hole and all the gardeners cheered and the dogs barked and howled. I
snorted and squealed loud as the pole fucked my wet cunt, listening to all of
them holler I felt the rake come across my tits and stomach from under my body.
Sir walked up and the gardeners got quiet and pulled their tools out of me. Sir
said something to them in Spanish and I grunted as they put their tools back
into the cage and the one slipped the end of the shovel back into my pussy.
Another one slipped a long tool into my ass hole as they cheered me on and I
humped and grunted as I was fucked hard.

	 Rakes and clippers were all around me and I realized at one point my
hair was being shorn and they were laughing and clapping as my holes were
pummeled and I snorted and drooled. At one point the dogs were yelping so loud I
couldn't hear myself and Sir told me to get louder. The gardeners fucked my
holes and I screamed as the pole went into my ass hard and tears and snot
streamed down my face. I snorted and whimpered as I saw my hair falling all
around me from the clippers and Sir laughed and egged them on in Spanish. The
end of another pole was shoved in my mouth and I was told to clean it as the one
in my ass came out and another guy shoved the long fat handle of his rake in me.
I gagged on the one stuffed in my mouth and screamed loud as my holes were
pummeled and Sir reprimanded me for disobeying.

	All of a sudden he told them to stop and the poles were laid down but
not taken out of me. Sir bent down and asked me if I was going to be a good hole
for him and I grunted and nodded a yes. He then asked if I was ready to impress
him and I grunted again. He told the gardeners to take the poles out and he
handed each of them hundred dollar bills thanking them as I turned around and
put my head in the mud in respect position and snorted. Sir handed the hook end
of the leash to one of the gardeners and pointed at me and the man hooked it to
my collar. "I don't want to touch the dirty slut pig," he said for my benefit as
he opened the cage and pulled me out.

	He walked me around the gardens for a while on my hands and knees
covered in mud and shit. He told me that my holes needed to be worked and there
was a lot of training I needed to go through. He led me to a spot in the yard
and pulled me to standing position, let my leash dangle and then hosed me down
from a distance with freezing cold water as he told me to wash. I grunted my
reply and washed all the mud and shit off and stood there dripping wet." Do you
have to go to the bathroom while we're out here, slut," he asked and as I
grunted a reply he pulled the leash down hard so I would drop to my knees. He
led me to a spot by the shed and I squatted and peed. He patted my pussy dry as
I bent over and as he shoved the paper that just wiped my pussy into my mouth he
said, "I have fun things in store for you this evening."




7



	"Your slut ass is going to get ripped open tonight," he said as I was
led upstairs to the bathroom. I was told to spit the paper in the garbage and
was bathed properly by the two women. Afterwards Lily just pulled my chopped-up
hair back into a ponytail and she brought me into the bedroom. She left and Sir
pointed to the bed and said dress. I grunted as he sat in the corner and watched
me put on white 5 inch heels. "I hope you can walk in those like a good whore,"
he said as I grunted and slipped on a tight t-shirt and a very short, stretchy
jean skirt. He stood up and looked at me, laughed and went over to the bed and I
followed as he grabbed something and turned to put wrist cuffs on me. Then he
slipped a blindfold over my eyes and said, "That's right you're not going to see
tonight pig."

	I grunted my reply and he said, "Fucking whore," as he put a collar
around my neck. My mouth was filled with a cock gag and fastened. He told me
that he was pleased with how the slut delighted his gardeners but that didn't
mean he was impressed with the fuck holes yet. He then said, "When the gag comes
off you are to address me as Sir again and if you impress me this evening I'll
give you the night off tomorrow, OK whore?" I grunted through the gag and he
pinched my nipple hard. "Good slut," he told me and smacked me on the ass. He
led me down the stairs by my leash and said, "I want to see if the cunt could
walk in the high-heels and the blindfold and the slut is actually doing well for
a stupid pig." He then told me that I was going to be used tonight by his
sadistic friends, "So you better relax and brace yourself cunt. They like some
sick shit and I'm handing you over to them for the night cause of your
disrespect."

	I heard voices get louder and heard rowdy greetings as we obviously came
into the room. I heard hoots and hollers next and hands pinching my ass and
pawing my tits and pussy. I was pulled and bent over and forced to my knees as
my hands were put to the outside of my legs. I was bent me over with my ass high
and my head pushed to the ground as rope fastened my wrists to my ankles and I
was lifted and set down. My hair lifted my head up and the gag was taken out and
I felt something go into my mouth. "Eat," a voice said and I bit down and chewed
and swallowed what tasted like chicken. I was fed like this for a while and
forced to drink shots of whiskey as I was smacked, teased, probed and laughed
at.

	I started to feel tipsy after a couple of drinks as the voices and Sir
discussed that Event thing again and if the slut would be ready. Sir answered,
"That's why I'm giving the slut to you guys tonight, I'm really trying to train
the slut well before then." More talk about not having much time and less than
three weeks just isn't enough followed, leading into one of them asking Sir
where the slut's problems are so far. "Well you'll see," Sir said as I was
forced another shot, "The slut's holes are ok but I really want her ass to take
more." "Aaahh" one of the voices laughed, "No wonder you called us, how is its
attitude?" "She thinks," Sir said and the voice replied, "Should we get to work
then?"

	I heard rustling and then I was lifted and turned over and carried down
some stairs and set down on my back with my legs and wrists still bound together
so my holes were open and exposed. Another shot was forced down my throat and I
was asked if I was buzzed or drunk or close to drunk and I answered, "Close
Sir." "I'm not your Sir," the voice said and I felt a hard smack on my ass.
"Don't you even know your master's voice cunt," he said as another voice said,
"Shit she is a insolent cunt isn't she." "See," Sir's voice said as fingers
started probing my holes, "I really don't know what to do with her." He started
telling them about the gardeners and they all agreed that he should have let
them all fuck my holes longer for some practice. That's the problem one said,
"Your not fucking the holes enough," and they laughed harder.

	Another shot went down my throat and I started to feel the alcohol even
more as a voice said, "If we ask you questions, cunt you're to address us as
rapists," and they all laughed. "Yes rapist," I squealed, as something was
jammed into my pussy hole. I let out a yelp and they all laughed again. "Good
little cunt, it's tight, I wouldn't fuck with that one too much." Another shot
and now I was drunk. My mouth was probed and I was told to suck. "Good mouth,"
he said and then it came out and a fat, long object was shoved all the way in my
mouth and I took it all down my throat. "Very good mouth," he said again, "She
can take it all in that's a very good sign, good suck slut."

	I was then lifted and flipped over and placed with my ass up and I felt
dizzy and started to fall over. "That's a good sign too," one laughed, "She gets
drunk easy," and they all laughed again as I smelled cigar smoke. I felt a
liquid drip onto my ass as a voice said, "You're a little dirty, cunt pig aren't
you, slut," as he eased his fingers into my ass slowly. "Yes rapist," I moaned,
as my hair was pulled throwing my head back and another shot was forced down my
throat.

	My head was spinning now as I heard a voice say, "Yeah here's your
problem, her asshole is way too fucking tight. A tight pussy is nice but a pig's
asshole should be ready for anything. She'll never pass the chair test. He
continued, "I've only got three fucking fingers in here and they're getting
squeezed to death." "Well," another voice said, "Maybe you could just put her in
the animal section this time and train her up for the next one, or even the suck
room," he added. "Yeah," Sir said disappointedly, "You really don't think we
could get her ready in time." "Well, it won't hurt to try," the voice said,
"Will it cunt?" "Yes rapist," I replied, "It's worth a shot rapist." "She is
drunk," he said and they all laughed, "I think she's ready." Then the voice
whispered in my ear, "Are you ready to please your master tonight slut?"

	"Yes rapist."

	"Are you ready to do absolutely anything for your master cunt?"

	"Yes rapist."

	"We're going to rape you slut and your going to beg us to stop like you
don't like it cunt, you hear me?"

	"Yes rapist."

	"Your going to fight us and get hurt and you might even pass out, cunt
and your master is going to watch us. Are you ready pig?"

	"Yes rapist."

	I was given another shot and then untied and told to stand.

	I was wobbly from the liquor but I got my balance as the blindfold was
removed and I saw three huge men in leather and Sir sitting in a corner drinking
brandy, smoking a cigar and watching. "Now dance!" One of the men ordered and
music was turned on and I danced one of my old strip routines I used to do but
without taking any clothes off. One started throwing money at me and they
laughed as Sir pointed at the biggest one sitting in a metal chair and laughed,
"Give him a lap dance, slut." They all laughed again and I walked over to him
and said, "Yes Sir," and turned around and straddled his legs and leaned on him
as I humped his lap like I used to do at work. I turned around and did it facing
him and he said, "What a little dirty whore," and he picked me up and handed me
to one of the others.

	I started kicking and screaming and my hands were tied together and I
was hooked on a ring in the ceiling as I yelled, "Please, no, stop, don't." I
begged and pleaded as my legs were clamped to a spreader bar and tied to a hook
on the floor so my ass was sticking out. One shoved a rag in my mouth as I
started to cry and shake and the big one came up to me and showed me his huge
rock hard cock and I screamed through the rag. He poured lubricant on it and
said, "Guess what I'm going to do with this." I shook my head and cried and
writhed as he came around behind me and said, "Well I ain't gonna fuck your
pussy with it that's for sure," and they all laughed. He smacked my ass and
shoved his cock in so hard I screamed and I caught Sir's eye and he had sat up
and was watching intently. He fucked me hard and fast as one of the other ones
grabbed a big bumpy dildo and held it up to me.

	I screamed from the cock in my ass and cried and shook my head no trying
to pull away from the pain behind me. Just then he shoved the dildo into my
pussy and I threw my head back and shut my eyes screaming and biting down on the
rag. They fucked me so hard for a long time tears and drool streaming down the
front of me. I felt the t-shirt rip open and clamps go on my tits as I squirmed
and kept shaking my head, crying, for their amusement.

	The one that put the clamps on me was standing there jerking off,
rubbing his cock on my skin and getting it wet from the juices running down my
legs. I was screaming and crying as his cum shot up onto my face and dripped
down onto my tits. The one behind me started grunting louder and came in my ass
and took his cock out and his cum ran down my legs. I was whimpering and the
dildo came out of my pussy as I was unhooked from the ceiling and hooked onto
rings in the floor so I was on all fours. The one that was fucking my pussy took
the rag out of my mouth and said, "What do you want cunt," and I begged them to
stop. "Please don't hurt me I'll do anything," I cried. "You'll do anything
anyway," and as they all laughed he smacked my face hard and shoved his cock in
my mouth and said, "Suck it good bitch."

	He fucked my face and throat as the one who had jerked off strapped on a
huge dildo just below his even bigger cock and said, "Watch this." He poured
lubricant all over both and then shoved his cock in my ass and the dildo into my
pussy. He leaned into me as I gagged and choked and begged screaming for them to
stop. The one in front of me grabbed my face and fucked it hard as the one
behind fucked me so hard I felt like dying. "Don't pass out now cause we'll just
keep going, slut," I heard as my ass was ripped open wider and wider with each
thrust. The one who had fucked my ass earlier was standing there jerking off and
said, "The holes would be ready in time if they were worked like this every
night." "Good idea," I heard Sir say as he got up and came over to watch closer.

	Sir kneeled down and turned the screws on the nipple clamps and said,
"See what you forced me to do, cunt? Just because you were never properly fucked
right in your life, you stupid whore. With all your small cocked boyfriends and
pimps that only want you to lick their assholes. You are such a fucking pig,
slut," he said as he stood up, leaned on the wall, smoked his cigar and watched.
Just then the one jerking off came on my ass and the one fucking my ass started
fucking harder and harder. I was grunting and groaning and crying and they were
fucking my holes so fast and hard laughing at me as I sucked the cock in my
mouth in a rhythm with it all and screamed and drooled all over it. The one
behind me came in my ass and leaned into me as the one took his cock out of my
mouth and said, "My turn."

	The cock and dildo came out of my holes and the dildo was strapped onto
the new guy as he went behind me and shoved his cock in my cum-filled ass and
the dildo in my pussy. His cock was the biggest of them all and it stretched my
ass out even wider making me scream and writhe and cry for them to let me go. I
begged for them to stop and one laughed and said, "We haven't even started yet."
"Oh, you're a good little fuck slut now," Sir said as he shoved the rag in my
mouth to shut me up. "Always filled," one of them said and took the rag out of
my mouth and shoved in the cock gag as they hooted with laughter.

	"Look at that cum slut," one of them said as the other two started
jerking off in front of my face holding my head up by my hair. Drool and cum
dripping from my mouth as my ass and pussy are ripped open yet again. "God
that's a tight ass," he moaned and fucked it harder and faster for so long as
they all brought themselves to their peak yet again. The two jerking off each
came on my face in time and the one fucking my ass unhooked the dildo, pulled it
out and reached over and unhooked the gag from my mouth. They unhooked me from
the floor and flipped me over on his cock and then he pulled it out and jerked
his cum on my face and tits.

	They left me on the floor moaning quietly as they smoked cigarettes and
drank some shots. "Look at that filthy cum-covered fuck hole. You've got your
work cut out for you," I heard as I drifted off into unconsciousness.

	I felt a smack on my face and the whiff of salts to bring me around. I
was lifted to the table and placed on top of one of the men lying there, his
cock hard and throbbing between my legs. He smacked my ass hard. They lifted me
again and my pussy was spread and placed on his cock, I let out a moan and shook
my head as the one with the biggest cock stood next to the table with a smile on
his face, laughing as he poured lube on his rod and got up on the table behind
me to put it in my ass hole. Then the other one poured the whiskey on his and
they all laughed as he stepped up on the table and grabbed me by the hair and
said, "Tell me how bad the slut wants to suck this cock." I told him,  "The slut
wants your cock in her mouth," as my other holes were pounded and he shoved his
cock in it.

	I felt the cock get shoved into my ass harder and harder and I moaned
and slobbered as cocks got shaken and shoved into all my holes. I was fucked
like that for a while as they called me names and humiliated me; "Fuck slut and
good-for-nothing holes. Dirty cunt pig and not even worthy to get fucked by a
dog," they said as they fucked all my holes. One of them said, "We should fill
her ears and cover her eyes then all her holes would really be filled," as they
laughed and shoved their cocks deeper and deeper into me as I whimpered and
cried. One said, "She should get fucked by the dogs upstairs, like that other
whore," and Sir said, "I have that in mind if the holes don't work out for me."

	I felt like I was passing out again and I was forced to smell the salts
in Sir's hand and he said, "I'm going to reward you for this cunt." They kept
fucking me so hard and I kept whimpering and shaking. Each of them came on me
and I was lifted and thrown on a dirty mattress in the corner and they unhooked
the spreader bar. I heard them laugh and discuss payment as I slipped into
sleep.

	I woke periodically throughout the night to them fucking my holes and
playing with me. At one point they were so drunk yelling at me to stroke and
placing my hands around two cocks stroking them and another got shoved in my
mouth. I woke again to them screaming and laughing and placing me in a pose with
my ass up and my thumb in it. Then they fucked my ass again and I begged Sir for
forgiveness through my crying. I couldn't keep myself awake as though my body
was dead but I could still hear and feel. The last thing I remember was Sir
standing over me jerking off, saying, "Your reward cunt, my cum on your skin,"
and he came on my face and then left the room.




8



	I woke up the next morning in the dog bed with blankets over me with an
ache from head to toe. I just lay there and I heard master say that I could piss
in the toilet today and get in the shower. I did and I washed all the dried cum
and blood off me. I was definitely sore but was surprised at how good I felt
besides the hangover. I dried off and went back in the bedroom. Sir was in a
chair next to the bed and he told me to get in the bed and eat.

	A tray was on the bed with bacon and eggs, toast, fruit, coffee, juice
and two aspirin in a little cup. I put the tray on my lap and waited until Sir
finally said, "Eat, and you can use your fingers on Sundays." I ate like I
hadn't for weeks and when I was done he explained Sundays to me, "It is your day
off slut, no collar he said but there are still things for you to do." He asked
me if I was happy or if it was too much and I looked at him and told him that I
never felt like I belonged to anybody until now. He asked me how I felt and if I
hurt anywhere and I looked down and said, "I'm fine, Sir."

	He got up and told me to follow him when I was done eating. I was
completely naked and he led me to the living room told me to get up on a
pedestal in the corner of the room and turn around to face the wall and spread
my cheeks. He wanted my ass up high while I was doing it. He told me that I was
just going to be his statue today and he left me and went towards his office.

	I stood in that pose for hours until the doorbell rang and I heard
footsteps come into the room as Sir Cole was asked to wait while the master was
fetched. He sat on the couch and I felt his eyes looking at my holes. I kept my
ass up high and when Sir came in I heard them greet each other and they started
talking about the Event and if I was the meat. "Well if she loses my dogs will
be happy" he laughed and Sir asked if Sir Cole would like anything. "Well it is
Sunday," he said but I want to look in your slut and he came over and probed my
ass. Sir said he would be happy to oblige as long as Sunday rules were observed
and only my mouth was filled, "why don't you give her an internal, I want to see
if it's healthy and I know how well you do them." Sir Cole agreed and as I
followed them downstairs on my hands and knees I felt the wetness start in my
pussy.

	"I always loved your dungeon," Sir Cole said as I was told to sit on the
table. He opened my mouth and probed it with a stick he took from his pocket and
checked my teeth and lips while Sir snapped on gloves and set things out on a
tray. "Lie back now," he said and my feet were put in the stirrups and he told
me to scoot my hips down. He checked my tits and then sat on the stool in front
of my pussy and I heard gloves snap.

	He told me to spread my knees wide as Sir told him about how bad I had
been and how I made it up to him the night before with the rapists. "Oh the
rapists were here," he laughed as he put fingers into my pussy and pressed down
on my stomach, "No wonder you wanted me to look inside her," and they laughed.
"Did she succeed," he asked as he kept probing my cunt. Sir handed him a
speculum and he eased it in and opened my pussy wide. He told me to breathe deep
as he looked inside with a flashlight. He put the flashlight in his mouth and
grabbed a little plastic dish and a long swab on a stick. He swabbed inside my
pussy and put it in the dish, put a lid on it and handed it to Sir. "She looks
good," he said and Sir asked about my ass.

	He then took the speculum out of my pussy and put lube on his gloved
hand and spread it on my ass hole then slowly eased another speculum into it.
Sir said, "Well she impressed me with her dancing and acting skills," as my ass
was spread wide open and I let out a whimper. He opened the hole wider and
looked inside it with the flashlight saying I had promise. He swabbed my ass
juice into another petri dish, "She looks fine but she should be cleaned out a
little have you been giving her enemas regularly?" Sir Cole asked as Sir laughed
and said, "Good idea, now what do you desire," as Sir Cole took the speculum out
of my ass and got up. "Oh just the usual," Sir Cole said as Sir sat down in
front of my empty hole and eased a hose inside.

	Sir Cole came around to my head and dropped the end of the table so my
head hung off it and told me to open my mouth hole. "A very pretty site," Sir
Cole said as Sir teased my pussy with his fingers and I felt ice-cold water
rushing into my ass. Sir told me to hold it in like a good toilet and then to
Sir Cole he said, "Yes it is, too bad its Sunday," and Sir Cole came around and
shoved his fat hard cock in my mouth. I slobbered and sucked as he humped my
face and finally came on it. "MMM" he said as he cleaned himself off, "She's a
good suck slut. You should just put her into the suck room, her ass isn't ready
for the Event anyway." Sir said, "Yeah I was thinking about that," as my face
was hosed off and the hose came out of my ass.

	"Do you want her to cum," Sir Cole asked as he told me to relax and all
the water and shit came out of my ass into a bucket under me. "It is Sunday
after all," Sir said laughing at my hole as he hosed me off and dried me, "She's
cleaned out now. She should have one of these every night," Sir Cole said as I
was rinsed and dried off. They left the room and I followed them back to the
living room.

	Lily came in and served tea and sandwiches as I kneeled on the pedestal
in the corner sucking my thumb as instructed. Sir came over and put a sandwich
on the base and went back and sat down and ate. I stared at the sandwich and
eventually Sir said, "Eat," and I bent down and picked up the sandwich and
ripped through it. "Come here slut," Sir Cole said when I was finished and he
held out his teacup. I crawled over and lapped at it as he held it and pat me on
the head and said, "Good slut." He put the cup down put out his leg, placed a
napkin over his pants and said, "Slut, hump my leg like a dog."

	I wrapped my legs around his and made sure my pussy was on the napkin
and humped it like the dogs did to me the other night. "Such a horny little dog
slut you are," he said as I humped and humped trying to make myself cum. Sir
said, "If you don't cum soon then you wont, cunt," as he looked at his watch.
They laughed at me and called me things like; "Good-for-nothing cum slut and not
even good enough to be sold," while I humped and humped. I felt the orgasm come
up through my whole body as I humped his leg faster and faster and moaned and
shook.

	I was told to get into respect position as Sir Cole noticed that I got
cum on his shoe. I was told to lick it off and Sir came over and smacked my ass
hard and told me I was going to get it for that. They told me to sit with my
legs spread on the pedestal in the sit up position sucking my thumb after I was
done. They talked for a while and Sir Cole came over to me and said, "I'm sure
I'll see it again, cunt," as he pinched my nipple hard and left with Sir.

	I was left there for a while and then Sir came in and told me to stand.
I followed him into his office where I was told to get under his desk on all
fours and lick and clean his cock while he worked. He told me not to suck it
saying something about my dirty pig mouth and I licked it for hours while he
talked on the phone and got all his work done.

	"Do you have to go to the bathroom, cunt?" he asked me eventually and I
replied, "Yes Sir." He told me to go into the bathroom and use it but not flush
the toilet and to clean myself in the bidet properly. I came out and he said,
"Bend over that table with your ass facing me and stick your thumb in it." I did
and he laughed as he used the speakerphone to place a call.

	"Skull, he said I've got a job for you."

 	"With that slut you got," a familiar voice said.

	"Yeah," Sir laughed as he continued, "I'm going to be gone for three
nights and I need someone to slut-sit and of course I thought of you."

	"All right," the voice said, "Same price?"

	"Absolutely," Sir said, "I'll call you tomorrow with the details just do
me a favor and work the asshole really good for me."

	The call ended and Sir told me that on Monday I'm to stay home by myself
and follow a list of things to do that he will leave for me. Then Skull will
know when to pick me up, I'm to call him Sir Rapist he said as it sunk in who
Skull was and I'm to treat him with the same respect as Sir. "Come over here,
slut," and I went over and got on my knees in front of him with my head on the
floor and he lifted my head. "Don't fuck with Skull," he said, "If you piss him
off he will not be happy and he's got some fucked up friends. I'm leaving him
strict instructions for you and you're to follow them to the letter. Same with
the list I leave you tomorrow and remember I can see you."

	He then grabbed my hand and put the thumb that was in my ass under my
nose and said, "Dirty slut, go wash your hands," and he smacked me hard on the
ass when I turned around. I came out and he smelled my hands again and said,
"Good, now go sit over in the corner with your legs spread and suck your thumb
while I finish my work." I did and much later when he was served dinner at his
desk he called me over.

	He told me to get up on his desk on all fours and he fed me dinner while
spanking my ass. All the while telling me about my useless dirty cunt and how if
I ever fuck up he would give me to his dogs. When all the food was gone he
continued to work as I was put into another pose, this time placed bent over in
front of his desk with my ass just on the edge. Every once in a while I would
feel a probing of my ass or pussy. After a couple of hours Sir got up and told
me to follow him. I was tired and told to get in the bed. My collar was put on
and the leash was hooked to it and the end was hooked to the bed. "Sleep, slut,"
Sir said as he left the room.




9



	The next morning I was woken up by Lily who set down a tray of food,
unhooked the leash from my collar and handed me a note. I opened the note and it
said,

	'Eat first and you may use your hands.' I ate as I kept reading...

	'When you are done stuffing your dirty mouth you are to go into the
bathroom and wash your holes over the bidet. Then brush your slut teeth and wear
your disgusting rats nest of hair down. Go now.'

	 I finished eating as he said and I went into the bathroom, brushed my
teeth and washed my pussy and ass in the bidet, dried off and brushed my uneven
hair.

	When I came back into the bedroom the tray was gone and the bed was
maid. I picked up the note and read on...

	'Now go to the phone dial 6 and grunt then go downstairs into my office
and get on the desk on your hands and knees with your ass facing the door and
bring this note with you. Now call then read on'.

	I called and walked downstairs to his office and read on. It said to
wait with my ass high. I did exactly what he said and waited with my ass high in
the air.

	The door opened and I felt someone get behind me and pour lube on my
ass. He eased his fingers inside my ass and I felt my pussy start to drip. He
worked me open and shoved his cock in hard. He fucked my hole for a while and
came on it and inserted the giant dildo and fucked it more as I drooled, grunted
and breathed hard. He left it in and got up and left. Two men came in after the
first one left and one took the dildo out of my ass and put his cock in and the
other went around to my head and fucked my face.

	They fucked me like this for a long time and after they came on me they
put a cock gag in my mouth and the dildo in my ass. One stayed and kept fucking
my ass with the dildo until the door opened and I heard a familiar voice say,
"I'll take over now." The dildo came out of my ass and Sir Rapist came into
view, he was the huge one with the giant fat cock from the other night. He
smacked my ass and told the men to leave and he said, "You're my slut for four
whole days and boy are we going to have fun."

	He took a long fat dildo with a ball on the end of it off the desk and
shook it and it wobbled like it was soft. He stuffed it into my ass and it
locked there and he told me to shake my ass like a dog and I did. The dildo
smacked my ass cheeks as I shook and he laughed. "Good cunt," he said as he left
me naked grabbed the leash and collar and put it around my neck. He grabbed a
small overnight bag from a chair and led me outside to his car.

	He positioned me standing on the backseat with my filled ass up in the
back window and I was holding on to the seat in front of me. He put a blindfold
on me as he said, "Good slut," and drove for what seemed like an hour or so. He
told me he liked it that I was covered in cum and that people kept looking in
the car at me as we drove for hours.

	The blindfold came off and we were in front of a bar in what looked like
a seedy section of town. There were all kinds of motorcycles in front of it and
he passed one and touched the handlebars and said, "Hi baby." He pulled me into
the bar and everyone yelled, "Skull!" and then they saw me. "Got a new one,
huh?" Someone yelled out and they all laughed. He bent me over the pool table
put the bag down on my back and went behind the bar.

	As he drank some people would come over and look at me and laugh. Some
would poke at me and say things like; "Nice slut ass and I want to fuck that
drooling mouth." I felt hands on my ass and someone said, "Shake," and I shook
it as the dildo smacked each cheek. I was told to stop and the dildo was shoved
inside deep and hard. I was fucked like that for a while until Sir rapist came
over and laughed, grabbed the bag and my leash and pulled me after him. The guy
that had been fucking me said, "Later, slut," as Sir rapist pulled me through a
door and up some stairs.

	I was led into a small, smelly, extremely disgusting apartment and he
told me to bend over the table and he got behind me and pulled the dildo out of
my ass hard and told me to not make a sound. He shoved his hard fat cock in my
pussy and fucked me as I drooled all over myself and breathed through it hard
holding on to the edge of the table. He grabbed my leash and pulled my head up
but kept pummeling my cunt down into the table.

	He pulled his cock out and worked it into my ass hole as I bit on the
gag and grabbed the table harder and raised my ass up to meet him. "Oh I see you
are starting to want it now," he said as he moaned and pushed it all the way in
hard and stayed there for a minute. "You want me to fuck your ass hole don't
you, whore?" and I mumbled and shook my head yes as he let his cock out of my
hole slowly. "How bad do you want it whore," and with that I leaned back into
him and started to fuck my ass with his cock. He grabbed my hips hard and reamed
his giant cock all the way in. He fucked me for a while and then he pulled it
out and came around to release it on my face.

	He pulled me up and said, "Look how disgustingly dirty this place is,"
and he threw me down to the floor and said, "Clean it." He unhooked my leash and
pointed at some cleaning supplies. He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up to
him, "It better be spotless cunt or I'll have to punish your ass right?" I
nodded and grunted through the gag and he shoved the dildo back into my ass hole
then he let go throwing me to the floor again. I started in the kitchen as he
went in the next room and I heard a TV go on. I tidied up and did the dishes and
scrubbed every counter and surface. I kept feeling the dildo shake in my ass
hole as I scrubbed and worked.

	I went into the next room and straightened up in there as he watched me
clean up beer bottles and garbage from the corners. I went back into the kitchen
to do the floors and he came in as I kneeled down with a scrub brush and a
bucket. He fucked my ass with the dildo hard as I scrubbed the floor telling me,
"Work harder bitch I want to see you sweat like a pig." I scrubbed and scrubbed
as he worked my ass until the whole floor sparkled and I was dripping with
sweat. He stopped and said, "Good now dust in the living room," and he opened a
door and brought out a vacuum. When I was finished he plugged it in wrapped the
cord around my neck and fucked my ass hard as I vacuumed the floor moving
furniture to get underneath. When that floor was clean he opened a door and
said, "Now in here," and he put the vacuum away.

	I walked into a huge bedroom with shackles over the bed and toys and
whips in a cabinet. This room was sparkling clean and I was left to clean all
the toys after being handed a bucket and a rag. When I was finished I dumped the
bucket then came out in front of him and kneeled into respect position with my
head on his shoe. He pulled my hair so I got up as he dragged me and said, "The
bathroom, stupid slut," and I ended up in the most disgusting room I've ever
seen. There was caked on slime on all the tile work and the sink, toilet and
bathtub were disgusting.

	He watched me as I scrubbed the walls and sink and he fucked my ass
again with the dildo as I bent over and cleaned the bathtub. He had me clean the
inside the toilet with my hands and said, "Lucky I don't have you use your slut
tongue pig." He fucked me more as I finished with the floor and when I was done
he pulled the dildo out fast. He told me to wash it and as I did he took the gag
out of my mouth and asked me if I had to piss or shit. "Yes Sir rapist," I said
and he left and came back with newspaper and spread it on the bathroom floor. He
told me to squat facing the wall away from him and he watched and laughed as I
shit and pissed on the paper.

	There was a knock at the door. He then told me to get on my hands and
knees with my face over the pile of shit and he smacked my ass and said, "Stay."
I stayed like that as he brought the man into the bathroom to look at me. They
laughed and Sir rapist said, "Look at her dirty fuck holes, she just shit and
pissed and they haven't been cleaned." They laughed again and I felt a smack on
my ass. They stood there laughing and talking about what was in store for later
that evening, as I smelled my shit in front of me. They talked and laughed at me
for a while calling me names and laughing at my dirty holes. "You're a dirty
cunt aren't you, slut?" "Yes Sir rapist," and they both howled with laughter.
They walked out and Sir rapist came back in laughing at me and said, "You dirty
whore, I should just leave you dirty but I respect my friends too much." Then he
told me to clean up the newspaper and put it in the trash. I did as he motioned
for me to get in the shower.

	"You did a good job cleaning, slut," he said as he undid my collar, "But
you took too long so your going to be punished," and he tousled my hair and
laughed. He sat on the closed toilet and watched me shower. He told me to bend
over and said, "Let me see you wash your ass and pussy." I reached around and
washed them for him then he said, "Finger your holes and make sure they are
clean." I put my fingers in my pussy and fucked it a little and then did the
same to my ass. I finished washing and he threw me a towel and I stepped out in
front of him. He dressed me in a black leather skirt and thigh high boots and a
little maid hat while he told me that I was to serve his private party tonight.
I was told to be very willing to them and do whatever they say. He grabbed my
face and said, "I want to see you get reamed tonight whore and you better not
disappoint me, bitch." I was told to kneel in the kitchen and wait while some
guys brought in some food and drinks. They looked at me and laughed commenting
on what was going to happen to me tonight.

	Sir Rapist came in eventually and told me to get up and serve his
friends drinks and handed me a tray. I followed him out to hoots and hollers and
they pinched my ass and grabbed at me as I served them drinks. I kept going in
and refilling my tray with food and drinks and serving them through the grabs
and comments. Later in the night one guy said he wanted to give me a tip and he
pulled me down and spilled my tray all over as he pulled my face to his cock and
forced me to suck him off. There was cheering as I sucked him until he came on
my face and then I was told to dance as they all laughed and hollered. I was
lifted onto the table and they threw money down and watched me shake my ass.
Another slut was told to finger my pussy as I danced and I was told to lift my
skirt and spread my legs by sir Rapist. I did and as she fingered me someone
else bent her over and fucked her pussy. I squatted down and came back up and
kept dancing as she followed my cunt with her fingers. I was told to get off the
table and dance for this old guy in the corner and that it was his birthday. I
danced for him and he drank his beer and told me to suck it and he stood up and
worked the bottle down my throat. He moved it in and out of my mouth as he
danced with me and grabbed my ass and everyone howled and sang to the music. Pot
and coke were being passed around and I was told to snort and smoke. I did and I
was forced some shots as I was poked and prodded by the birthday boy.

	He made me suck on things around the room and told me he wanted to fuck
me with them. I bent over the chair and he hollered, "Happy birthday to me," and
worked a beer bottle into my pussy. I heard sir Rapist yell, "Fuck her holes,"
and got the crowd to shout it as another bottle went into my ass. I held on
tight and breathed through the bottle in my mouth as I was fucked hard and told
to snort like a pig. I did and I was lifted up and carried into the bedroom and
tied down to the bed on my stomach. The Fat biker took the bottles out of my
holes and got on top of me and fucked me for a while and came on my ass. A line
formed behind him and I was fucked in all my holes. I was fucked hard in my ass
by a woman with a strap-on who was telling me what a dirty whore I was. She
fucked me so hard I yelped and she smacked my tits hard and told me to shut up.
Her man straddled my face, lifted my head and shoved his cock in my mouth and
told her to fuck me harder. She did and I screamed on his cock and pulled
against the binds. They fucked me for a while and she ended up with her clit in
my mouth while he fucked my pussy hard. Sir Rapist came in and laughed as I was
being fucked by the last guy in the line, I was drooling and covered in cum. Sir
rapist told him to hurry and that I had to get to work. He came on my face and I
was untied and told to shower.

	He put the gag in, a high collar and leash back on me and led me into
the living room. He dressed me in all black leather, thigh-high boots with
5-inch heels, a short black skirt, and a black see-through halter-top. "Now you
look like the slut that you are, cunt," he said as he smacked my tit hard. He
led me down the stairs and I noticed it was 2 in the morning and he brought me
through the bar to hoots and hollers and he led me to his bike.

	He told me to get on the back and he held my leash tight and drove for a
while until we came to a strip of seedy looking strip clubs. He pulled into a
parking lot and told me to bend over the bike and wait and he chained me to the
back of it. He left and came back quick with a dumpy looking guy with a wad of
money in his hands. Sir Rapist took the money and handed him a condom and the
guy bent me over roughly, lifted my skirt and he shoved his cock into my ass.
Sir Rapist counted the money and watched as he fucked me hard and came into the
condom threw it at me and thanked Sir Rapist and left. Just then a carload of
guys pulled up to go in the strip club and Sir Rapist called them over and sold
me to them. They fucked my ass right there in the parking lot and later when we
started to draw a crowd a cop car pulled up. Sir Rapist went to talk to them and
the cops got out of the car and came over to watch. The other guys were done and
they were told to leave and Sir Rapist asked, "Want to arrest her?" They laughed
and said, "Good idea," and Sir Rapist unhooked the leash and the cops didn't
pull down my skirt as they handcuffed me and Sir Rapist said, "See you sometime
tomorrow," laughing.

	I was put in the car and laughed at, and I was brought to a shack in the
woods. They pushed me and poked at me with their Billy clubs into the shack and
one took one cuff off me and cuffed my arms up onto a pipe. I could barely reach
the floor as he felt my hips and in between my legs and commented on my wet
cunt. "What did that guy say about her ass hole?" The other one said as he
lifted my skirt higher and poked at it with his club. "He said she craves
getting her ass fucked hard," and he shoved the club in deep as I screamed. "You
want more cunt?" He said and I told him I did. "Then beg whore," and I felt the
club come out as I pleaded for more of it. He shoved it back in hard laughing
and the other one came around and put his cock in my pussy. I was fucked like
that for a while until they took me down and led me out to the car. I was taken
to the police station and booked and put into a small room with just a toilet
and bed. There was a mirror in the wall on one end of the room and I looked like
I had just been raped.

	I sat on the toilet and tried to fix my hair and a voice said, "You were
not told to piss were you, slut?" I wiped and jumped up and stood in front of
the mirror. I was told to strip and I did as I looked at the mirror and tried to
see who was looking in. I stood there naked and a woman came in and told me to
bend over away from the mirror and she snapped gloves on and inspected my holes
thoroughly. She took the gloves off and asked me if I wanted it the easy way or
the hard way and I told her easy. She told me to sign something and when I
looked at her she said, "Hard way if you don't sign it." I put the pen down
cause I felt I wasn't my own property. I had given them a fake name as it was so
I didn't sign. She ripped up the piece of paper and pulled me by my hair to
another large room with other cops there. She told me to stand in the corner and
handed me soap and they squirted me with a hose and told me to wash. I did and
then I was taken to a cell next to the men's cell and handcuffed to the top of
the bars facing the men in the other cell. They were staring and begging me to
bring my pussy closer as they reached through the bars and pinched my nipples. I
did and they fingered me and tried to push each other away.

	The cops that fucked me came in and told the men to break it up and
asked me if I was craving the club again. I didn't answer and just then I felt
my hips getting pulled back and a club probing my ass hole. The other one
unhooked the cuffs and bent me down and shoved his cock in my mouth and the
other one fucked my ass with the club again. I begged them to stop and they
laughed as two other cops came in and took over my holes. The prisoners were
egging the cops on and when all the cops including the women had their way they
hooked me back to the cell to let the prisoners paw at me. They were animals as
they fucked my holes so hard with the clubs the cops left. I woke in the morning
to a cop pissing on me and he asked if I liked the hard way. "Yes sir," I said
and he un-cuffed me and threw me on the bed and fucked my cunt. "New shift," he
said and some other cops came in and one fucked me so hard with the club that I
thought I was going to pass out from the pain.

	He finally stopped and I was brought to the little room again where my
clothes were and I was told to dress. I was cuffed behind my back and led out to
Sir Rapist. They took the cuffs off and he hooked my leash to my neck and led me
to his bike. He laughed and asked if I had a good time as we got on the bike and
I answered yes as we took off. We ended up back at the bar and I was told to get
naked and clean up the mess from the party. I did as he watched me and berated
me the whole time for getting myself arrested and just wait until Sir gets a
hold of you. He told me that he had me for 2 more nights and that he was going
to punish my ass just like I deserve it. I just scrubbed and cleaned as I
listened to my fate and when I was done he told me to sleep on the floor in the
kitchen for a while. I woke up to him prodding me with a pole and he told me to
get in the shower.

	When I was done he dressed me in the high collar and leash, fitted the
cock gag down my throat, black leather chaps, 5 inch heels and a red corset that
he tied so tight I could hardly breathe. I was led down to the bar with hoots
and hollers all around. He picked me up and put me on the bar with my feet off
the ground and he scooted me to the edge and told me to keep my legs spread
wide. He told everyone that I'm the bar as he put a bottle between my legs and
some all around me as a line started to form in front of me.

	The first guy asked for the whiskey between my legs and he put money
between my tits and Sir rapist took the gag out of my mouth and pulled my head
back and the guy took the bottle, rubbed my pussy with it and poured some in my
mouth dripping it down my face and body. Sir rapist took the money as the next
guy put his money in my mouth and told me to lie back and I did as my head hung
over the back end of the bar and he fucked my pussy with his fingers. Sir Rapist
took the money out of my mouth and he motioned for the bartender and he came
over and shoved his cock down my throat and fucked my face hard as liquor was
poured on my pussy and something cold and hard went into it.

	The bartender came on my face and Sir Rapist picked me up a little for
me to see myself getting fucked by a bottle. Another guy came up and put money
between my tits and poured another shot down my throat. Rapist took the money
and two guys threw more money at me and held my legs back and started to work
another bottle into my ass hole as Rapist took the money and poured liquor in my
mouth and over my body as I leaned back onto him. You're a fucking pig Sir
rapist said as I was fucked and fed liquor for hours by everyone in line.

	They all cheered and laughed as my head spun from all the liquor and I
was told to stand. Rapist unhooked my leash and forced the wobbly dildo into my
ass hole and handed me a tray filled with open bottles of beer, pointed and said
serve them. As I handed them out some would stop me and give me 'tips' as they
called it. One man pulled me over his knee and spanked my ass hard as he pushed
the waiting dildo in and out of my hole. One had me bend over and wag my 'tail'
in front of him just to look at the site. One wanted me to lick his cheek. One
had me sit on his lap with my legs spread and he tickled my pussy as I talked to
him in a baby voice. Another had me bend over and hump the corner of the pool
table barking while he shoved the dildo in and out of my ass. Just then Sir
rapist came over laughing with bowls of food and drink and set them on the pool
table.

	He told me to get on the table on all fours and eat. Everyone watched
and laughed as I slopped all the food and water up. "Wag your tail like a good
dog," one said. I wagged my ass and finished my dinner which was all over my
face mixed with the cum from earlier. Sir rapist led me off the table and forced
another shot down my throat, he handed me another full tray and said serve. I
was so drunk I realized and I handed out more beers and continued getting
'tipped.' One had me in rollover position on the pool table and fucked my pussy
with an empty beer bottle. One had me do a shot with no hands. One fucked me so
hard with the dildo while I was standing that I almost fell over.

	I was continually forced shots of whiskey all night and I was very drunk
when Sir rapist said get on your knees cunt. I did and he smacked my face with
his flaccid cock and ordered me to get it hard. I sucked and slobbered on it
until it was engorged and he picked me up and bent me over a table and ripped
the dildo out of my ass and shoved his in. I started to scream as another guy
started fucking my mouth with a bottle while getting fucked dry by Sir rapist.
He finally came and they left me there with the bottle in my mouth and the dildo
back in my ass. I passed out and every once in a while I woke to my ass getting
ripped open yet again.




10



	I woke up on the floor in the corner of the bar with my leash hooked to
the wall and the dildo in my ass. I lied there for a while moaning until Sir
rapist came over with food and water in bowls and set them down and I was told
to eat. I got on all fours and ate and drank every drop licking the bowls clean
as he rubbed thick lube into my holes. "Good slob," he said and took out the
dildo washed it and put it in the bag from the night before. He slid the cock
gag back down my throat and took out a huge butt plug and fit it in my hole as I
yelped and moaned. He led me walking outside to his Harley. He got on and
unhooked my leash as he motioned for me to get on. "Any spots your dirty holes
leave on my seat your going to have to clean, slut," he said as he started the
bike and we rode off.

	He drove around this seedy section of town and he laughed as people
pointed at me. We came to a better area and people were gasping and some were
asking how much I was. We drove down a long wooded driveway and pulled up to a
farmhouse. We got off the bike and he told me to clean the wet pig spot of off
his seat. He took the gag out of my mouth and I bent over and licked it all up
as he laughed and told me my ass was gonna get worked good. He hooked the leash
back on, put the gag back down my throat and grabbed the bag pulling me down to
my hands and knees.

	He led me up to the house and he told me to ring the doorbell. I did and
as we waited he said we're in for some fun now. The door opened and a very weird
looking guy took one look and started to yelp. "Oh goody," he said as Sir Rapist
said, "Hi Max I brought a toy for you." "Marks?" Max asked as I was led outside
to the stables. Sir Rapist said, "No but her ass needs to be worked," and Max
shivered, "Oh goody." I was led into the barn and there were tables and saddles
and saw horses with dildos on them. "If you can sit on it I put a dildo or two
on it," Max said and laughed as he went into another room and came back leading
a giant Clydesdale horse.

	Sir rapist bent me over a table unhooked my leash and spanked me telling
me that this ass doesn't deserve real horse cock but these dildos that Max has
are big enough to be. He took the giant plug out of my ass and he checked it
with his fingers, "Sore pig?" He asked as he probed my hole. I nodded and
mumbled through the gag and he poured extremely thick lube on me and rubbed it
in as he said, "Good that means it just needs to be worked more." He then poured
a thinner liquid on me and grabbed a huge dildo as big as an arm from in front
of me. I really didn't think he was going to put something that big in my ass as
he worked something into it. I let out a muffled scream as I felt the entire
thing get pushed into my ass as Max looked on asking if that was the biggest.
"Yes," Sir rapist said as he fucked my ass hard asking me if I was ready for
more. I mumbled and cried as drool, snot and tears ran down my face and the
giant cock came out and he held it in front of me. "You will have bigger things
in your hole," he said laughing as he looked at my hole and said, "See she's not
even bleeding. I think she likes it," he said as he pulled me up and took the
gag out, "Tell me the truth cunt do you like getting your ass ripped open?" "Yes
Sir rapist," I said and he shoved the cock gag back down my throat laughing, "I
knew it."

	I was put into a harness and was hooked up to some kind of a winch and
as I was raised Sir rapist said, "Max, you're my hero." Max saddled the horse,
as I hung there, with one giant fat horse-sized dildo just as big as the one
that just fucked me, behind a smaller one with bumps on it and a small nub right
in front of that mysteriously sitting up from the saddle as he kept saying
goody, goody, goody, over and over. They brought the horse under me and lowered
me down while Max climbed a stepladder reached over and poured lube on both of
the dildos and then spread my ass cheeks. Sir rapist told me to open my lips and
I did as I was lowered slowly onto the cocks and threw my head back and let out
a muffled scream.

	 They both laughed as Max tied my hands behind my back then to the
saddle, which arched my back and threw my tits out. He then took my corset down
saying, "It's really nice she's not marked she's a high class pig huh," and put
clamps on my nipples and tightened them so fucking hard I yelped. Tears and spit
dripped down my face and chest as I felt Max tying my legs around the horse
tight. Max led the horse out to a huge open field with giant trees all around
and in the distance. Every movement of the horse was tremendous as I threw my
head back and breathed hard through the immense throbbing from the cocks in my
holes.

	I moaned and tried to collect myself as the horse was led to a small
ring. The nub on the saddle rubbed my clit perfectly and it made me so crazy.
Max stood in the middle with the lead in his hands and he whipped the horse
lightly on the ass and the horse started walking faster in a circle. Sir Rapist
watched from outside the circle shouting, "Get along little slut doggie." The
horse was whipped to go faster and I felt a sting of the whip and was told to
hump the cocks. I did and the pain mixed with pleasure was unbelievable. My
whole body shook with enjoyment as the horse kept it up at that pace for a while
and those cocks were going in so deep that I screamed through the gag so loud
that Sir rapist said, "I think she needs it Max."

	Max stopped the horse and gave it a carrot stroking its head lovingly,
"Good boy," he said and he led him out into the open field behind the barn. He
unhooked the lead from the horse's bridle and held him there talking to him. I
breathed heavy watching him caress his horse lovingly. He then came to the side
and he checked the saddle and tightened a few things as my holes and clit
throbbed and ached for more. Max said, "You are a fucking sloppy whore," as he
looked up at me and I realized snot and drool were all over my face and dripping
down the front of me. "You're nothing but a bunch of slobbering leaky holes,"
and he reached between my legs and pinched my clit hard and I winced. He reached
up and tightened the screws on the nipple clamps hard and quickly smacked the
horse on the ass.

	The horse took off and I was wildly fucked while Max and Sir rapist
looked on laughing and smacking their knees. The horse ran around in full gallop
for a long time while I bounced on the cocks screaming in ecstasy. My tits
bounced and bounced and the clamps made it feel so fucking good. I screamed and
moaned cumming and cumming and at one point I looked down at the wetness from
myself dripping down the saddle making the horse go crazy as he kept jumping
from side to side seeming to know what my holes desired.

	I noticed after a while Max and Sir Rapist sitting at a picnic table
being served lunch by an older woman. She shaded her eyes and looked over at me
riding the cocks and I heard her scream, "Ride that pony," and they all hooted
and laughed. The horse finally stopped and reached down to eat some grass and
Max came over and said, "Lets show the neighbors, shall we?" I was led back into
the barn and Max put regular saddles on two other huge horses and Max and Sir
Rapist got on theirs and my horse was led behind them. Max said, "My neighbors
are sicker than me, every day and night they have huge fuck parties, they would
enjoy this site."

	We came to the edge of the woods and my horse's lead was unhooked and he
followed the other two horses through the beginning of the trail as Max said it
was about 3 miles. "Lets make an entrance," Max said as he kicked his horse into
a full gallop. Sir rapist's horse followed suit and then mine did as I was
jolted into a bouncing gallop of my own. We rode so far weaving through the
woods back and forth and over hills so fast I couldn't stop cumming. We came
upon a large group of people in a huge back yard and as they noticed me I saw
all their eyes get wider and heard hoots and hollers get louder as we got close.

	 A lot of people were naked and some were fucking and whipping slaves I
noticed as the horses stopped and Max brought his horse around and hooked the
lead back onto my horse. A crowd was forming around us and people were reaching
up behind me and between my legs almost it seemed to make sure if the cocks were
really stuffed in me. A man shook Max's hand and was introduced to Skull as he
said, "Quite a site you got there." "I knew you'd appreciate it," Max said as
they got down from their horses and tied them off to a post. My horse was led
behind them through the crowd of people as they pinched me and smacked me and
laughed and called me names.

	Sir rapist was drinking a beer as they talked something over until Max
said, "Should we watch her run some more?" They laughed and Max led the horse to
the field behind them and opened a gate and unhooked the lead and smacked him on
the ass. He broke into a full gallop in this larger field and all I heard was
cheers and yells as I bounced away. The cocks in me so deep I screamed and
humped it as the horse ran out of site of the house over hills and back. I came
so hard and so much I felt completely drained as the horse just kept running
around and around.

	He ran until dark and it frolicked in the field almost as if it knew
that I needed to be bounced. At one point the horse rubbed my leg against the
fence, which was electrified and it sent a jolt through me that I felt right
down into my cunt. I heard laughter as I was shocked and the horse took off
running from it. Max came out into the field and hooked the lead up and led us
back to the other horses. They said good-bye as the lead was unhooked again and
we all went into full gallop in the pitch dark the long way back to Max's farm.

	When we got back I was left like that for a while, while the horses were
fed and watered and Max and Sir rapist left to eat dinner. They came back later
and the winch was hooked to me and I was untied and lifted off of the cocks. I
instantly grabbed my crotch and moaned as I was lowered to the ground. I
collapsed and Sir rapist unhooked my gag, hooked my leash to my collar and
stripped the chaps off me and he said, "Stick your ass in there," and he pointed
to a long trough of water. "Yes sir Rapist," I said as I dipped my ass into the
water and sighed. He let me sit in it for a minute as he told me that my master
will be very impressed and that he will probably be happy for this day. He
pulled me up and said it's time to go as he dried me off and told me to put the
chaps back on he said, "You made up for getting arrested though but I don't
really know how your master will take it," and he laughed. He led me to a table
with bowls of food and water on it and bent me over and shoved my face into the
food and said, "Eat." I ate it fast because I was so hungry and they talked and
laughed over how red and bruised my asshole was. They laughed again as Max
pointed and said, "I love how big the hole looks," as more of the thick lube was
rubbed into it and the giant plug went in.

	Sir rapist retied the corset very tight, put the gag back in my mouth
and then led me out to the bike. He got on and told me to ride it backwards,
shook hands with Max and grabbed the bag and took off. Riding through town we
heard hoots and hollers and people pointed and stared. We stopped at a light at
one point and a carload of guys pulled up and Sir rapist held up my leash and
laughed. They yelled to him how much and he said, "I'll let you have her all
night for free if your cocks are big enough," he laughed as I looked on thinking
about the pain to come. "I didn't think so," Sir rapist said and took off
laughing.

	We stopped at a gas station about a half hour later and as he filled his
tank up he asked me if I had to piss. I shook my head and he led me around the
back of the building pulled some paper out of his pocket and said squat there. I
pissed, he wiped me and he pulled me up and said, "Hmm, we have a little time,"
and he led me into the station. He walked over to the man behind the counter and
paid him for the gas. The man looked at me the whole time and Sir rapist asked
him if he wanted his dick sucked and he took the cock gag out of my mouth.

	My drool and all the dried snot was all over me but he said yes and I
was bent over the counter and told to open my mouth. As I was sucking the little
cock a group of guys walked in and they watched as he came on my face. The guys
asked how much and Sir Rapist said, "Buy me a beer and she'll suck all of you."
He pulled me down to my knees to face them and told me to keep my mouth open as
they looked at my cum soaked face. One of them handed him a beer as another
stuffed his cock in my mouth, fucked my face fast and came on it quick. The
other 3 did the same while the others watched and laughed and thanked Sir
Rapist. When they were done he led me back to the bike.

	I got on backwards again and he put a blindfold on me. He got on and we
took off. We finally stopped a while later and the blindfold came off and there
was Sir laughing at my cum soaked face. I got off the bike and went right into
respect position.

	"Right on time he said good job Skull how was she?"

	"Very good," Skull said as he handed Sir my leash and he led me inside
while they talked, "You would have been so impressed."

	"Well she looks like she got properly worked over," Sir said as I was
led into Sir's office and I was told to pose in the corner with my ass up. Sir
took the plug out as Sir rapist told him he took the holes to see Max. "Ah no
wonder her ass hole looks so big," Sir said as they laughed and I heard money
exchange hands and they joked about fat horse cock up my ass.

	"She even made me some money and she cleaned the apartment," Sir Rapist
said and they laughed harder. "Well I'm sure I'll be calling you again, Skull,
as a matter of fact I think I have to go away again next week." "I'd slut sit
for you anytime," Skull laughed as Sir walked him out. I heard Sir come in and
he picked up my leash and as he pulled me asked, "Do you have to go to the
bathroom?" I shook my head yes and he said, "Both, cunt?" I shook my head yes
and he pulled me outside to the shed and I squatted and shit and pissed. He
wiped me and took off all my clothes right there and led me into the animal cage
and hooked my leash to it. "You fucking worthless whore, you worthless piece of
shit," he said laughing, "Skull said you got arrested for prostitution. You're a
fucking pig, that must have been fun for you," he said and took my gag out and
told me that the same rules apply as the other day. "You grunt like a pig and if
the gardeners want to use you tomorrow they will do you hear me, cunt?" I
grunted and put my head to the ground as he told me about the new shed in the
back with new fucking tools for my worthless holes. He spit on me and stormed
off.




11

	I fell asleep and was awoken to Lily pulling on my leash and an ache
throughout my whole body from sleeping in a ball in the hard cage. "Eat," she
said and put two bowls in the cage. I did and she took them away and before she
left I was given aspirin and fed water to wash it down. A gardener walked up and
I sat with my legs spread and grunted as he grabbed the hose and came closer. He
squirted me down with freezing cold water, which made it worse cause now the
bottom of the cage was really muddy. The cold mud actually felt good on my sore
body as I grunted and squealed at all the passing gardeners.

	Later in the day well after I was fed lunch they came over to me with
these poles with huge dildos and shapes on the end of them and prodded and poked
at me with them. I was on all fours getting fucked in my pussy with one when Sir
came out and instructed them in Spanish. He poured lube on my ass from above and
then a huge pole went into my ass and one in my mouth. They all cheered and
praised their boss as I was fucked like that well into the night with all kinds
of tools and garden equipment, told to reach through the bars and jerking each
one off until they came on my face and body. I was left there to sleep again
after being told I was a stupid cum slut.

	The next day I was woken up while it was still dark so sore I could
hardly move. Sir told me to piss and shit if I needed to and then pulled me out
of the cage and hosed me down. He then brought me upstairs took my collar off
and told me to wash off in the shower making sure I got the mud out of my holes.
I washed all the mud and shit off for a while and was reveling in the warm water
when Sir came in and yelled that I was taking too fucking long. He posed me over
the bidet and while my holes were flushed even more he fed me. Lily came in
after and put my hair up into a high bun and dressed me in a gray suit with a
really short skirt and a white see-through blouse.

	I went into the bedroom and Sir told me to lift my skirt all the way up
and he fastened a garter belt around my waist. He spread my legs and inserted a
long dildo into my pussy and strapped it in as I threw my head back and breathed
through it then he straightened my blouse and told me to put the shear stockings
on as he pointed to them on the bed. I did and he handed me high-heeled black
shoes and he straightened my skirt and stepped back and said, "Just like when
you came to me for your interview slut. You're my assistant today."

	 I followed him downstairs and he handed me a pair of glasses and a
briefcase as I noticed a loud noise coming from outside. "I hope you're not
afraid of flying," he said as I followed him outside to a waiting helicopter. I
got in the bird and sat down and winced as I put the seat belt on and Sir
laughed and said, "Spread your legs wide." We flew into the city as he explained
that it takes three hours by car because of traffic and a half hour flying all
the while the pilots kept looking back at my filled hole. We landed on the roof
of his building and I followed him to his huge office and waited in front of his
desk for instruction as he looked at his messages and rifled through some
papers. He finally told me to put the briefcase down and bend over the table in
the corner lift my skirt up and spread my cheeks with my hands.

	He told me to stay and made a phone call.

	'Johnson, how are you," he said to the phone.

	'How was your vacation...good glad to hear it he continued...yeah I'll
be here come on down afterwards.'

	He told me to pull my cheeks apart wider and about an hour later his
intercom clicked on and it said, 'Mr. Johnson here to see you Sir,' and he said,
"Send him in." The door opened, "Nice holes," the voice said as I heard them
greet each other. I felt a smack on my ass and the voice said, "That's an
impressive ass hole, had her long?"

	"No," Sir said, "Sit down. I just got her less than a week ago and I'm
training her for the Event."

	"Wow less than a week and her hole looks like that, was she a
professional?"

	"No actually her ass had never been fucked before I got to her isn't
that right slut?" "Yes Sir," I said.

	"Wow," he said, "Good job."

	Sir said proudly, "Yeah, she really craves it isn't that right, whore?"

	"Yes, Sir."

	"I want her to compete for the chair but I might just put her in the
suck event this time, she's got a great mouth. I just don't think her ass will
be ready. Worth a shot though," he said as Sir laughed and agreed. "Slut," Sir
said, "Come over here and get on your knees with your mouth open in respectful
offering for Mr. Johnson," he pointed between Johnson's legs. I got up and
walked over in front of Johnson who was sitting in a chair directly in front of
Sir's desk and kneeled as I opened my mouth. "She's very hot," he said as Sir
picked up the phone and excused himself while he made a call. Johnson said, "Do
you mind if I just look at her other holes," as he looked at my drooling mouth
and Sir said, "Anything Johnson," and went back to his phone conversation.

	He told me to bend over the desk in front of him and I did looking at
Sir as I lay on his papers and lifted my skirt up. He nodded at me as he put his
fingers in my mouth to open it and I raised my ass high for Mr. Johnson. Sir
pushed my head away until I was looking straight ahead of me as Johnson probed
my hole pinching and spreading my ass and fucking my cunt with the strap-on. I
let out low open-mouthed moans as he kept probing and fucking me as Sir got off
the phone and looked at my mouth. I was starting to drool so he sighed and put
an ashtray under my head to catch it and said, "Dirty sloppy whore."

	He scoffed and got up and came around the desk to watch Johnson playing
with my holes. "I want to fuck her ass with something," Johnson said, "What do
you have here?" Sir walked over and opened a door to the bar and grabbed a fat
jade statue and held it up. "Fully stocked with fucking tools," Sir said and
they laughed as Johnson took the statue and worked it into my dry ass hole. He
unhooked the strap on and fucked my holes hard as I moaned louder, slobbering
more and more as he said, "It looks like it has a good ass," as he shoved the
entire statue in and took out the dildo. "You got something bigger over there,
it looks like she need more," and as Sir walked over to the bar he said, "How
about a bottle of wine?" He laughed as Johnson took the statue out of my hole
and said, "ok."

	"I doubt the slut could take much of this," Sir said and handed the
bottle to Johnson. Johnson reached over the desk and grabbed the ashtray filled
with my drool and poured it over my ass hole. "Spread your cheeks for Mr.
Johnson, whore," Sir said and turned to ask, "Who are you bringing to the
event," as he sat back down and put the ashtray back under my open drooling
mouth. I spread my cheeks open wide feeling my pussy get so wet as I waited for
the bottle to fill my hole. "Oh I picked up this slut last year," Johnson said,
"She's ok but I'm just going to put her in the animal room. She doesn't have an
ass like this," he continued as he worked the bottle into my hole and I moaned
and snorted through my open mouth. "I see well I am bringing my dogs after all,"
Sir Said and they laughed as Sir shoved the dildo that was in my pussy into my
mouth and said, "Shut your hole bitch."

	Johnson pushed the bottle deep inside and said, "Jeez, I think she would
be good at the chair, she can take this whole bottle in her." He took it out and
went over and washed it in the bar sink and came back and said, "Look at this, I
bet she can take in the fat end." He wiped some juice from my pussy up to my ass
and worked the bottle in as he wiped his hand off on my ass cheek. I moaned and
snorted and grabbed onto the edge of the desk as I felt my ass hole open wide.
He worked it in slowly and told me that I was such a fucking whore for taking
it. They laughed as my ass sucked the bottle in to the hilt and I felt it lock
in from the shape of it.

	"Look at that ass," Johnson said as he pulled on the bottle and they
watched it get sucked in again laughing. They did this for a while and Sir went
and picked up the phone and made a call. "Vlad," he said, "I'm in for the chair
and the mouth room this year with this new pig I have acquired. $50,000, right,"
he said and ended the call and hung up the phone. "Well, I'm in," Sir said and
they shook hands. "About two weeks left," Sir said, "and I really think she can
do it." Johnson pulled the bottle out again and they laughed as the bottle
sucked back in and I breathed hard through the dildo in my mouth.

	 I was told to get up and walk around with the bottle in and I did. It
felt so good unlike anything I've ever experienced. My pussy was dripping as
they laughed like kids watching me walk around the room with my skirt hiked up.
Sir told me to come stand in front of him and spread my legs. I did and he
pulled the bottle down and let go and it got sucked back in. They shook with
laughter again as Sir did it over and over while I stood there throwing my head
back breathing through the dildo in my mouth.

	I was bent over the table in the corner as Sir said, "Let's go to
lunch," and I was left there with the dildo in my mouth and the bottle in my
ass. I looked out the window at all the buildings wondering if anyone was
looking at me with binoculars while jerking off in their offices and the thought
of it got me even wetter. I thought about how much of a slut I've become and I
realized that it made me happy.

	The door opened a while later and I heard laughter as a number of voices
entered. Sir said, "Johnson will you do the honors."

	"Nothing like a liquid lunch," a voice said and they all laughed as the
bottle was pulled out and got sucked back in. 'Holy shit' and 'that's fucking
hot' I heard as the bottle was pulled out again. "God what a hot whore you got
there," one said as the bottle kept getting pulled out and my ass hole took
sucked it back in. "Thank you," Sir said proudly,  "It's just too bad she's
stupid," as I was told to stand and turn around to face them.

	I did and as I held my skirt up and spread my legs the drool from me
sucking on my thumb dropped onto my shirt. "Dirty slut," Sir said and my ass was
slapped. "Too bad I can't fucking take her anywhere," Sir said and they all
laughed as my ass was slapped again and the bottle was pulled on over and over.
One guy asked, "Wait, what size bottle is in there," and Sir walked over and
grabbed a standard wine bottle and held it up. "Jesus Christ she is the perfect
pig." "Hey," another said, "If you get a magnum of champagne in there then you
know she could win the chair."

	They laughed and the bottle kept getting pulled out of me and sucking
itself back in. I needed to pee so bad that I think Sir saw it on my face and
smiled. "I know, slut," he said as he grabbed me by the neck hard and pulled me
to him making me lose my balance and trip. He caught me by my neck and said, "I
know you need to piss but just wait how I punish you for drooling on yourself
and not getting into respect position when I came in, you are going to get it
you stupid whore." I was told to get into respect position on the desk and after
I did I was told to be the pig I am and I snorted a reply.

	 I kept snorting and squealing as my ass was fucked and they all laughed
at the pig. A voice said, "Vlad had his slave's teeth removed for the suck
room." Another said, "Ooo I want that, a slut suck slut with no teeth is my
fantasy, maybe I'll put a bid on her." They kept talking through the afternoon
pulling on the bottle until Sir finally kicked them out and invited Johnson to
the club Friday night. They left and Sir pulled on the bottle and watched it
suck in again and said, "Fuck it, let's see how it looks. Get down slut," I did
and got into respect position on the floor.

	"You will learn to obey me slut, I can't believe you could be so
disrespectful to me after how well I've treated you. Stand up," he said and I
did as he said, "Go in the bathroom and clean yourself off but leave the bottle
in then fix your clothes in the mirror and walk back out here." I did what he
said and he walked around me looking me up and down. "Good," he said, "Now,
walk," as he looked at me, "You can't tell it's in there good then let's keep it
in. Get your things," and as I did he made a call to start the chopper and I
followed him out.

	We got in and I was posed on my knees with my ass facing the pilots and
they looked at me and thanked Sir. Sir looked at me and laughed as he pulled the
bottle out and showed off my hole sucking it back in. "Take us to the limo," he
said as the pilot called it in. We landed in a small airport and he posed me on
all fours on the floor of the limo and kept pulling on the bottle and laughing.
We got to the house and I followed him upstairs and he turned around and ripped
my clothes off until I was naked. "I'm so fucking pissed off at you right now
for disrespecting me that I'm going to leave you in the cage for a couple of
days slut." He pulled the bottle out fast washed it and set it on the counter.
"Get on your knees and follow me." I trailed behind him to the backyard and he
opened the cage and I got in as the dogs went nuts and he said, "You know the
rules, cunt," and walked away, "Let's see how you feel after you live in your
own piss and shit for a while." My stomach growled from hunger all night as I
tried to sleep in the cold mud.




12



	I woke the next day with a strange man throwing food at me and I grunted
and sat up spreading my legs and tried to catch each piece before it hit the
shitty ground. I caught quite a few and grunted and squealed as I ate and Lily
came out with a bucket and handed it to the man and left. He held it saying,
"You are a worthless pile of whore flesh aren't you slut," and he shook the
bucket. "Do you have to shit, whore," he asked and I grunted a yes. "Then do
it," he said and as I squatted and shit he berated me. "Your cunt isn't worth
you having it on your body you worthless pig slut look at you shitting in the
mud like a slobbering pig. Lets give you some slop," and he poured the bucket of
old food and liquid over me and I grunted and snorted. He told me to get on my
hands and knees and he picked up a rock and put it in my mouth telling me the
rock was too good for my sloppy hole. He threw another rock at me and said,
"Raise your ass higher you piece of fuck stock." I did and I stayed like that
for a while as the gardeners walked by all during the day and held their noses
and pointed at me laughing. The stranger sat in a chair and watched me and
degraded me verbally all day.

	Some of the gardeners stopped and prodded and raked me with the poles
and tools after they were done with their work laughing. A couple of them jerked
their cum on me and the stranger at one point pissed on me. I was thrown a
little more food later in the day as I opened my mouth to receive it.

	I was left there, overnight, freezing, sore and hungry and I couldn't
shake the smell from myself. The next morning I woke to my holes being poked and
as I got on all fours I got all my holes filled by the special tools again. The
stranger came over and pissed on me and I saw Sir come out with some of his
friends all in tuxes and they cracked up when they saw the site. The gardeners
put the rakes and poles down but left them inside me as the group walked over
and Sir said, "Holy shit, you are such a pig," as he held his nose. "What a
fucking whore," a familiar voice said and I realized it was Johnson from the
other day. "Are you taking her this afternoon," he said as Sir answered, "Yes,
after my garden staff impales her a little more," and they all laughed. "She's
being punished for her attitude," then he said something in Spanish and left
with the group after some of them relieved themselves on me.

	I kept getting fucked in all my holes through the day then I was hosed
down and bathed and prepared for inspection. Lily told me to get in the tub in
inspection position and wait and I did. Sir came in and said, "It's Friday
afternoon whore did you know that?" I heard the gloves snap behind me and my
holes were inspected. "That means Star88," Sir continued as he smacked my ass
and inserted an enema hose into it. I felt the liquid enter me and the hose came
out and it all emptied out into the tub. I was washed fully again and dried and
Sir said, "Put those on," and pointed to leather, thigh high, black, 6-inch
high-heeled boots. I did and stood in front of him and he put clamps on my
nipples and the collar and leash around my neck.

	He took out a fat black magic marker, grabbed my head and wrote 'SLUT'
on my forehead. He put my collar and leash on and led me to the bathroom and
pushed me down crouched over the paper and said, "Now's your chance," and I
pissed. Then he posed me squatting over the bidet and turned on the water and he
told me to wash my holes good and then while the water was still running up into
me he wrote 'PIGMEAT WHORE' across my chest and tits. He told me to dry off and
as he wrote on my back he said, "Do you know what I'm writing cunt?" "No Sir," I
said as I was pushed over the sink as he drew on my back and ass. "ONLY WORTHY
HOLE," he said, "And I have arrows pointing to your ass hole, whore," as he
laughed.

	He poured something thick over my holes and rubbed it into my skin
telling me how used I was going to get tonight. He fingered my gaping ass hole
telling me how wide open and willing it looked. He led me in the other room and
pushed the cock gag down my throat and told me we needed to do something about
my ugly hair but he left it down and straggly and he pulled me downstairs. He
told me to stay at one point and left and came back with a huge magnum of
champagne and handed it to me and led me out to the car.

	He posed me on the floor in the limo with my ass up and the bottle
between my tits as we drove and when we stopped he pulled me out of the car in
front of a beautiful club called Star88. Everyone was dressed in gowns and tuxes
I noticed as Sir told me to hold the bottle behind my back resting it on my ass
as he led me upstairs through the crowd of people. Everyone laughed and stared
as Sir stopped to greet people and pinch some nipples and grab some ass. One man
said, "Show off," to Sir and he laughed and said, "I didn't know it was formal
and besides this is all the hole deserves," as he pointed at me and laughed. Sir
reached over and grabbed his slut's nipple and she squealed and then he pulled
me back through the crowd.

	He sat on a chair next to a couch with a cluster of people and he talked
to them and greeted everyone as he took the champagne from me and told me to get
on all fours and look at the floor and handed the bottle to the waiter and asked
him to chill it. He then asked the waiter for 2 glasses of scotch one with a
straw, a plate of plain buttered pasta, a stick of butter and a bottle of beer
and went to chatting with his friends until I heard Johnson yell from across the
room. He came over and they shook hands as he said, "I'm so glad you brought the
hole I was just telling the guys about it, talk about a party trick," and they
laughed.

	They continued talking and the waiter came back and Sir put the plate of
pasta on the floor in front of me with the two glasses of scotch above it.
"Eat," he said, "And I want everything gone by the time I turn around including
your drinks slut." I sucked the pasta and scotch down and licked the bowl clean
as he continued talking and laughing with the crowd drinking the beer. He turned
around just as I sipped the last drop of scotch. The bowl and glasses were taken
away and Sir told me to kneel in front of him and he wrenched the clamps down
tighter on my nipples as my head spun from the liquor.

	He then told me to crawl and put my head under his chair as my ass stuck
out from underneath right in front of him between his legs and he smacked it. I
felt the scotch go to my head as the crowd gathered around and I heard Johnson
ask him if he needed help and they laughed. Sir said, "You can do the honors but
I want to work it open for you a bit look around for something will you?"
Johnson said sure as Sir continued, "I'll just start with this beer bottle," and
everyone applauded.

	He squished some butter on my ass and slipped the bottle right in and he
fucked it hard. There was laughter as Sir told me, "Make sure your nipples are
just touching the floor. Shake your ass if you hear me." I shook it and he
fucked it harder as Johnson came back and said, "How's this?" Sir said, more for
my benefit, "Oh, a nice tall fat candle," and the bottle came out of my ass and
more butter was slapped on my waiting hole. The candle was worked into my ass as
I leaned into it and drooled on the ground as my clamped nipples dragged across
the floor.

	"I want to see the look on her face," a voice said and as someone fucked
my hole Sir pulled on my leash and backed me out from under the chair and led me
up onto the coffee table with my ass facing the crowd. A few couples were
sitting in front of me and one man fingered my drool and shoved it into his
slut's pussy. I was fucked with the candle for a while as my face holes leaked
their wetness all over the table and I breathed hard through the ecstasy. Sir
took a big ashtray from the table and put it under my drool and fucked me harder
saying how sloppy I was.

	 The crowd started chanting, "Bottle, bottle," as the candle was pulled
out and Sir asked the waiter for his champagne unopened adding, "I think I might
honor you with my fist tonight whore." More butter was rubbed into my hole as I
heard Sir say to Johnson, "It's all yours." I felt something cold on my ass.
"First this way," he said and he pushed the cold, massive bottle in cork first
and I raised my ass higher and backed into it. Everyone gasped and the man in
front of me had his fat cock in his slut's ass as she bounced on it with her
legs spread moaning and sucking his thumb as they watched me.

	He worked it all the way in and the crowd cheered as Johnson said, "Push
the bottle out, hole," and I did. He got up and went to wash it as my hole was
fingered and prodded until he came back telling them, "Shoo fly shoo." "And now
this way. Spread your cheeks, pig and show me what a pig you are as I rape your
fat ass," and I snorted and reached around and spread my cheeks wide open. I
felt more butter being spread on my hole then the cold bottle got forced into me
and everyone screamed and I snorted and grunted. The couples in front of me
looked over my head as the bottle got worked in and the crowd kept chanting and
hollering.

	"Now the best part," Johnson said as he let go and the bottle got sucked
in. They all cheered loudly and people came over to pull on the bottle and
patted Sir on the back saying congratulations and you're sure to win this year.
Some people came around to look at the agony on my face asking if the whore
liked it. I shook my head yes and grunted. Sir took the cock gag out and asked
me, "Do you like that bottle in your hole pig." I squealed and grunted and he
told me to keep saying you're a slut pig whore over and over cunt. "Yes sir,"
and I said it again and again and the bottle was pulled and I breathed hard and
grunted and squealed and slobber dripped into the bowl.

	He had me stand up and face everyone with my legs spread and he pulled
down on the bottle and watched it get sucked back in over and over giggling.
"Let's take her upstairs shall we," as he looked at his watch and I was led
through the crowd stopping every once in a while to bend over and have my bottle
pulled. One woman said, "Wow you really have to pull hard," and she did it and
then pushed it in deep as I continued saying, "I am a slut pig whore," and
grunted and squealed.

	I was led upstairs past rooms with slaves getting there due. One room
had a slut bound and gagged bent over a low table getting fucked by a huge
muzzled dog. One room had one bound and suspended from the ceiling getting
fisted in her cunt hole with a line of people waiting and watching with some
people jerking themselves off on her. Another had a line of 5 slut's asses up in
the air as Sir stopped to watch and said, "Look at this." The sluts were bound
together in a row and we couldn't see their faces but they all had various
things in their holes such as giant dildos, glass ones and ones made out of ice,
bottles and one was being fisted in both holes up to the man's elbows.

	We watched for a while until Sir pulled my leash and I was brought into
a room with a short hip-high table and I was led onto it on all fours. I was
bound with my ass up high and my head down low but facing front all the while
saying, "I am a slut pig whore," and snorting and drooling. Sir said, "Ok, time
it," as I noticed a group of people starting to line up for a turn and a bowl
was placed under my head as the bottle was pulled and pushed back in hard.

	A cock went into my mouth and it was fucked hard and one went in my
pussy and it got fucked vigorously as I drooled into the bowl and was laughed at
and called names. The cock came out of my mouth and spit its come on my face and
another went in. The cock came out of my pussy and I felt cum on my back and ass
as my hole was continually worked with the bottle. I heard a familiar voice and
a smack on my ass as Sir Rapist came in and my face got cum on again.

	He shoved his giant cock into my mouth and I sucked and slobbered on it
grunting, squealing and drooling as all my holes got worked over and over. Sir
Rapist came on my face and another cock went in my mouth as the bottle was
pulled out. Sir took off his jacket and hung it up and as he rolled up his
sleeves he told me he was so excited to fuck my hole with his fist that his cock
was actually hard. He lubed up his whole arm in front of me as my face was
fucked hard and my cunt was filled yet again.

	He got behind me and I felt him work his giant hand into my hole as my
face got covered with cum once more. He eased it in slowly as I felt more cum
being released on my ass. Another cock went into my mouth as I screamed so loud
and I shook as I felt myself start to cum. I couldn't stop shaking and snorting
as all my holes were fucked and my ass hole was stretched open so wide I
couldn't stand it. People were jerking off all around me and I kept getting my
face drenched with cum over and over as all the different sized cocks filled my
mouth and cunt.

	At one point Sir Rapist fucked my pussy as he egged Sir on to fuck my
ass harder and he did. I couldn't help but scream on the cock fucking my mouth
and push my ass up to get more of him as they all laughed and I heard someone
say, "The hole wants more." He punched it in deeper as I moaned and snorted. I
was fucked like that over and over with all kinds of cocks and toys constantly
fucking my holes. There was so much cum all over me they kept laughing calling
me a fuck toilet and nothing but three holes to use. Sir put the bottle back
into my ass and jerked off on my face saying, "I wouldn't fuck any of those
dirty holes again for anything in the world."

	At one point I passed out and I woke up periodically to my holes still
getting fucked. This went on all night until I saw the room start to fill with
light from above and craned my head up while continually getting fucked and
realized that the whole ceiling was a window and the sun was rising. I was
covered in dry and wet cum as my ass and cunt were fucked again and again. I was
in so much pain I just let it happen as my head was being held up by my hair and
my mouth was fucked hard again. I looked over and a whole line of people were
still there waiting to use a hole and I passed out again and again waking up
once in a while to the immense pain throughout my whole body.

	I woke up with my head getting fucked again and I looked up and figured
it was later in the afternoon and I wondered if it would ever end and I
whimpered and cried. I was as limp as a soft cock and I couldn't even lift my
head as one came on my face and another lifted it by my neck and fucked my mouth
yet again. I realized Sir was fisting me again as he told me to stop fucking
moaning and start snorting. "I think she just likes it," I heard Sir Rapist say
and I realized his cock was in my mouth and I grunted and snorted on it.

	"How long," Sir said and a voice said, "5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. It's 8
o'clock you walked in at 7 last night 12 fucking hours," he yelled and I heard a
cheer travel from in the room to down the hall to downstairs. I was fucked until
the cocks that were in me came yet again on my body and Sir took his fist out
and washed it. They left me for a while covered in cum and I slept. I woke up as
I was being untied and Sir said, "Good slut," and pinched my clamped nipple
hard. "Can you walk slut," he asked as I edged off the table onto the floor.

	I grunted and nodded, he told me to walk behind him as he led me out of
the room and down the stairs as everyone clapped and patted him on the back yet
spit on me and looked down on me and my cum drenched face and body. He posed me
in the limo on my hands and knees with the bottle between my tits again as he
told me how huge both my pig holes looked from the constant fucking. "I should
let you rest today but I want to keep your ass stretched for the Event."

	We got to the house and he pulled me into his office and posed me in the
corner on all fours and made a couple of calls setting plans up for the next
couple of days. I heard him mention Max and I got excited at the thought of
getting to ride the horse again and my tender throbbing pussy got wet. He came
behind me talking about my wide-open holes and he noticed I was wet. "The
fucking pig is wet," he said into the phone and laughed, "Even after what she
has just been through. Too bad she doesn't obey cause her holes just want to be
fucked," he continued and then hung up the phone. He walked over to me and as I
looked straight ahead he said, "I cannot believe the cunt's hole is dripping at
the thought of getting fucked again." He led me upstairs and he told me to get
in the shower. I washed all the layers of caked on cum off my face and body and
I got out and dried off even though all the writing was still there. He told me
to shit and piss and I did and then he fed me while the bidet flushed my holes.




13



	He dressed me in a black thong and high heels and put my collar on. He
led me downstairs and left me in the hall for a minute and he came back and
handed me a double-sized bottle of wine. "Does this make your cunt drip, you
whore," he asked as he led me to the limo. I grunted as he posed me on the floor
like usual but straddling the bottle and humping it this time. He pulled the
thong aside and probed and fucked my dry hole with his fingers the whole way
there as I backed into it praying for more. I felt my pussy fill up with wetness
as he said, "You just have to wait for it slut," and I dripped as he teased my
hole.

	We stopped and I was led out of the car, holding the bottle behind me,
up to a giant mansion. The place was even bigger than Sir's and as I was led
through I felt my wet panties rub against my holes as I walked making me even
wetter. I was given a pill and some water to wash it down and I was posed in a
room by myself for a while with the bottle in front of me and my legs spread
with my hands behind my head. All of a sudden I felt so horny and I wanted to
touch myself and just as I thought it the door opened and Sir came in and led me
into a smoke-filled room where five men were playing cards and they looked at me
as I was led to the edge of the table and told to stand there.

	The clock struck 11 in the morning as Sir said, "Gentlemen I bring my
slut to the pot," and they laughed as he sat down in the sixth chair at the
table. "Hope you brought some money too cause she's worthless," and they all
laughed. I recognized two of the men: The stranger who pissed on me while I was
in the cage was there I noticed as he laid down his cards and won the hand. The
other was Sir Cole as he asked, "Is the wine for us?" Sir laughed, "No it's for
the slut."

	"What is it a drunk," he asked again as the cards were dealt and Sir
told me to turn around and bend over and show the nice men my holes. I did and I
pulled the wet thong over and spread my cheeks and they all ooo'd and aah'd at
the size of my open ass hole.

	All of a sudden I felt so dizzy as I held the thong over and I started
to hump the air.

	"It can take that whole bottle?" One asked, yes Sir said and they
laughed as Sir told them, "The hole could take a lot and it craves it look how
she's humping and how wet the cunt is in anticipation."

	"Maybe we should just fuck the other holes and make her beg for the ass
to be filled," one guy said as they laughed and looked at my holes and played
the hand. "Well," Sir said, "If you win the slut then you can do whatever you
want to it."

	The hand was over and another was dealt and I was put in as the winnings
of the round. Sir Cole won and he was right next to me, he puffed on his fat
cigar and then put in into my pussy hole and fucked it a little then left it
there. "Don't let it fall out of your sloppy hole," he said as he reached around
and pinched my nipple hard. The cards were dealt again and I wasn't put in that
time, "Every other hand, right?" Sir Cole said and they all agreed. "Don't let
the cigar go out," he said and I pulled my cunt muscle in and it smoked as they
hooted and laughed and I was told to do it again.

	I was in the pot this time and another guy won and I was told to bend
over the table in the corner and spread my cheeks open wider. I did and he said,
"Keep smoking the cigar slut." I made it smoke and I felt a sting on my ass as
he smacked it. He leaned all his weight on my hip as he pulled the cigar out of
my pussy and put it in my mouth and shoved his hard cock in and fucked it. I
snorted and squealed and he fucked my cunt fast and hard for a while and came on
my ass. He took the cigar out of my mouth and threw it in the fireplace as I
longed for my ass to be fucked, even the slightest touch I yearned for.

	By now I was put back in the pot and Sir won me and they all laughed and
he posed me bent over, across the table with my ass in front of him. He fingered
my ass hole and I shivered and moaned and the stranger who was sitting at my
mouth took out his cock and shoved it down my throat. They laughed as they
played another hand on my back and my holes were turned to the masters who won
me. This went on for hours as my ass was teased and I was fucked in the mouth
and pussy and made to beg for my ass to be worked.

	The stranger made me get up much later and hump the table leg while I
told them how bad my shit hole needed to be rammed. One guy had me lick his
asshole and then he jerked his cum on my face. The stranger had me lie on the
ground with my legs up over my head and had me fuck my cunt with a crystal
candlestick holder as I kept begging for the bottle in my ass. Another guy won
and had me back into the fat armrest of an old wooden chair and hump it as I
pleaded for my ass to be abused.

	The clock in the room struck seven just as Sir won and he told me to
bend over the table in the corner again and suck on my thumb. I did and I prayed
he would fill my ass just as I felt lube getting poured on my hole. I raised my
ass high and started squealing as he told them how much I crave it now. He
worked the bottle in and they all cracked up as I shook and humped it
uncontrollably, they played the rest of their game without me. Sir fucked me
with it hard and fast as I came over and over shaking and drooling trying not to
scream in ecstasy.

	They laughed as my head felt like it was going to burst. He left me
there in my drunken haze with weird thoughts of wanting to fuck them all
swimming through my head. Every once in a while they would tell me to walk
around or suck a cock or they would just pull on the bottle and laugh. At one
point I was told to sit on it and rock back and forth fucking myself. My head
was full of lust as I grabbed my tits and played with them and rubbed my clit
and fucked myself hard as they laughed. I was told to follow them on my knees
into this huge kitchen and the bottle was pulled out of me and Sir wiped the
tears off my face and told me to lie down on my back on the counter.

	I did and Sir spread my legs and opened my mouth as the other guys
raided the fridge and cabinets like they were stoned. They turned and put all
these different containers and bags of food onto the counter next to me as the
others looked in cabinets and opened wine. Sir lifted his wine glass and toasted
my holes and he poured a little in my mouth and on my cunt and it dripped down
to my ass as I shuddered. He gave me more in my mouth and just then Sir Cole
started putting all the food on me and the others were eating some. He put
things in the microwave as Sir poured the whole container of dip into and onto
my open cunt hole and the others dipped chips in it and ate hungrily.

	Another type of dip was put in between my tits as I heard Sir Cole make
a couple of phone calls telling people to stop by. Sir put some cold cuts across
my tits and cheese was put on the sides of my stomach and bread was put on my
stomach. I felt chips and veggies scrape my skin where the dips were and crunch
all around me as I saw and felt Sir Cole put a warm dish between my thighs. More
men came in periodically and the dips and food were replaced over and over as
they all ate and drank wine talking and laughing.

	One man took a huge cucumber out of the fridge and put it in my mouth
and said, "Feel the little prickly bits on it, cunt," and I shook my head yes.
"Well then I'm sure you'll love this," and he pulled it out and plunged it
through the dip into my cunt hole. He bent down and said in my ear, "I want to
hear you," and they all watched as I moaned and lifted my hips taking the whole
thing as the dip oozed out of me. Another guy shoved a fat carrot in my mouth
and told me to scream as the other guy pushed the cucumber in to me so hard and
deep.

	I gagged on the carrot and screamed through it as I lifted my hips and
tried to beg for more. Sir Cole started rubbing all the food into my skin as the
others joined him and my legs were held back to my ears so my ass was up high
and they rubbed the dip into my ass hole while still fucking my pussy with the
cucumber and the carrot still in my mouth. Sir was looking around for something
big as they laughed and I closed my eyes feeling their hands all over me. I
opened my eyes to Sir holding up a huge round bottle of olive oil and they
cracked up as he came over and started to pour it on my ass and rub it on the
bottle. I felt the thick liquid get rubbed into my ass as I was held there and
they cheered him on and he started to work it in slowly as I moaned with
delight.

	It was worked in and out slow as Sir Cole and the others watched my
holes get reamed. I moaned louder and gagged on the spoon and the guy took the
spoon out and another giant cucumber was shoved down my throat and I was told to
suck it. Sir fucked me with the bottle hard and slow and all of a sudden 5 or 6
girls came in and they instantly started to get all the men off. A couple were
jerking them and some sucked them as the men still fucked me harder and faster
with the food and watched my ass get rammed. The women finished them all off
jerking them onto me and then stripped down and ran outside to the pool. Sir
hooked my leash to my collar and I was lifted onto the floor and told to get on
my hands and knees and I was led out into the back yard around the pool to a
small shed.

	They laughed at me the whole way and I was told to squat and push out
the cucumber and the bottle. I pushed and they came out and I was told to piss
and shit and they watched me as some of the women jerked them off. One said he
wanted to get my ass in the hot tub and Sir pulled my leash and took me over to
the hose and rinsed me down as some of the women stripped the guys down and
jumped in the pool and some went in the hot tub. Sir Cole sat by the bar and
made drinks and smoked as Sir unhooked my leash and he threw me into the pool.

	Like sharks they swam over to me and the first one that grabbed me
pulled me to him and turned me around and jammed his cock into my ass hard. He
put his hand over my mouth and fucked me hard and then pushed my head down under
the water to catch his cum in my mouth and I was pulled up and told to spit it
into his empty wine glass. I was handed to another and made to go under and suck
his cock only stopping to come up for air and spit his cum into the glass. I did
and I sucked him hard each time I went under until he came. I spit it into the
glass and I was pulled to another and bent over the railing out of the water and
he jammed his cock into my pussy and fucked me hard and fast and he grabbed my
head and pulled me around and shoved it into my mouth and came and I spit it yet
again into the glass.

	This went on until the glass was full and I was taken up to the bar and
my leash was put back on and I was bent over and it was poured on my ass hole
and the giant wine bottle was worked into me and I was led around like that and
served drinks to the men and other sluts. Sir Cole told me to bend over a chair
and grabbed one of the female slaves and told her to suck on the bottle in my
ass. They all laughed and one of the guys told another slave to sit in the chair
and put her pussy to my mouth then told me not to move. She got in the chair and
clamped her legs to my face and started humping it. I licked her clit and heard
everyone talking around us until I felt her cum on my face. Sir Cole told the
one that was sucking me to fuck me with the bottle and told another to finger my
clit.

	The pussy I was sucking left and was replaced by another, she also
brought her pussy to my face and humped it hard. I felt my body start to shudder
as my clit got rubbed good and hard and I came all over myself. I was laughed at
as I shook and moaned and I felt the bottle get pulled out. They all laughed
again at my holes as the women were all fucking the other guys and Sir led me to
the car and posed me on all fours on the floor and looked at my holes and
laughed and when we got back he pulled me into the bedroom unhooked my leash and
told me to get in the shower and wash myself. I did and as I washed I couldn't
believe that bottle had been inside me and how much I enjoyed it. I got out and
dried myself and went out into the bedroom. Sir told me to go to sleep and for
being such a wide-open hole I was getting a treat because tomorrow is Sunday.




14



	I awoke to breakfast and I got up and ate in bed I was told to get in
the bath and I was bathed and shaved. Sir came into the bathroom and Lily left
and he told me to use the toilet if I needed to. As I pissed and shit he told me
that even though it was Sunday and he was giving my body a break he had to keep
my ass hole open and he showed me a giant butt plug. I crouched over the bidet
as he continued telling me that I was going to be a pampered slut today as he
dried me off and put lube on the plug, bent me over and worked it into my ass
and it locked. I followed him out into the bedroom and a gorgeous man was there
standing next to a massage table.

	Sir told me to get on the table and as he left he said, "James you can
fuck the whore but do not take the plug out of her ass." I was massaged for
hours and I was in complete relaxation when I realized the massage was getting
more sensual as he flipped me over onto my back. He rubbed oil into my tits and
stomach and my pussy started to drip. He started rubbing my pussy and as I
moaned I reached into his pants and took out his hard cock and stroked it. He
never said a word as he got up on the table put a condom on and lifted my legs
over my head and slipped his cock inside. He fucked me hard but slow and he
rubbed my clit as he humped me. I started to shake as I came on him and he came
after that and took out his cock and took off and threw out the condom.

	He continued massaging my face and body for another hour or so like
nothing happened and never said a word. When he finished he left and Sir came in
and told me to clean up and put the clothes on that were in the bathroom. I put
on high black slut heels, a tiny skirt and a red tank top and walked out into
the bedroom all the while the plug still in my ass. "Now you really look like a
whore," he said, "Follow me." We got in the limo and he told me to sit on the
seat across from him and spread my legs and suck my thumb. We stopped at a small
mall and we got out and I followed him through it as we shopped.

	People stopped and looked at me as he told me he had been depositing my
money into an account for me so if I wanted anything at all to just hand it to
him. He took me into a hair salon and sat me in a chair and asked a man named
Chuck if he could do anything with my hair. The man turned around and I realized
he was one of the rapists as he whispered in my ear that I didn't have to call
him Sir Rapist today. He looked at my hair and scoffed and told Sir that he
could cut it into one of those delicious little slut bobs to the chin with
straight bangs and he could die it black. Sir said ok and I was told to follow
him into the back and I sat down and he told me to lay back and spread my legs.
He washed my hair as everyone else in the room looked at my pussy and when he
was done I followed him back to the chair.

	He cut my hair and colored it and when he was done I glimpsed a look in
the mirror as he spun me around to Sir and I liked it. Sir liked it too and he
paid Chuck and told me to follow him into the back and give him a proper tip.
Chuck took me into his office and told me to bend over his desk. I did and he
spread my lips and jammed his fingers into my pussy hard. He shoved his cock in
hard and held me down and fucked me fast and rough. He grabbed my hips and threw
me down on the ground and jerked off onto my face and told me to leave. Sir
laughed when I came out and told me to follow him through the mall. He took me
into a very expensive looking sex shop and he picked out some giant dildos and
some clothes and I was told to bend over and show the sales girl my plug. "She's
got the XXL one in her I need to special order the bigger ones next day air," he
told the woman. Then Sir bent me over the counter so my face was right in front
of her crotch and she rubbed her cunt into my face as she handed him the
catalogue and he picked out the ones he wanted.

	"Stick out your tongue, slut," and I did and the woman lifted her skirt
and stuck her went cunt on my face. I licked her until she came and when I was
told to get up I noticed that we had a little audience in the store. I was told
to get into the dressing room on my knees with my mouth open and various men
came in and fucked my face and came on it. Sir came in and told me to follow him
and I carried the bags as we walked through the mall again with my face covered
in cum. People were staring and whispering as we went into Saks and he bought me
some smutty skirts and tops.

	We went to the shoe department and he told me to sit down and gave a man
a pair of boots to get a size 7. They were red knee high suede with a very high
stacked heel and when the man came back to put them on my feet Sir said, "You
know what to do cunt." This word startled the man but when I opened my legs and
showed him my wet pussy he didn't seem to mind. He looked at my pussy and it
made me so wet that I was hoping Sir would let him fuck me. He asked the man if
he could leave for the day and he looked at me and said, "Yes." Sir went with
the man over to the side and talked to him for a minute while I walked around in
the boots. Sir came back and told me he liked the boots and we left the store.

	The limo was right outside and I got in the back on all fours and the
shoe-salesman was there. He smiled and Sir told him the rules and how he was to
treat me, his name was Ted and I was told to stick my head in sir Ted's lap and
beg him to fuck my holes. I did and we went to a fancy hotel and Sir grabbed a
black leather bag from the trunk and we checked into a huge penthouse suite. I
was told to fix two martinis and serve them. Sir ordered food and he posed me on
a chair with my legs spread and one hand spreading my pussy lips and my other
thumb in my mouth. They chatted about how much of a slut I am and how I crave to
be used. Then Sir asked Ted if he had any friends he'd like to ask over for
after he's done with me. He made some calls and so did Sir and then I was told
to get on the bed with my ass up.

	Sir pulled out the plug and washed it while sir Ted opened the bag next
to me and pulled out a huge bottle of lube and threw it on the bed. Sir Ted
spread out all the toys and they drank and laughed at me. Sir told Ted he could
do whatever he wanted to me and Ted asked if he could see how horny he could get
me. Sir told me to relax and that I could speak and do whatever sir Ted told me
to do. "Yes Sir," I told him and sir Ted told me to get on my hands and knees on
the floor with my ass high and kiss his shoes while Sir left the room and tended
to the people arriving. I did and I felt him spread my ass cheeks and probe my
holes. I slobbered on his shoes and licked them as I felt him slip a finger or
two into my wet pussy.

	He then walked away and got behind me and rubbed his arm across my holes
and bent over and whispered in my ear that he wanted to hear me beg for what I
want. "I want what you want," I said and I raised my ass higher. He rubbed my
clit hard but slow and I started to feel so hot that I moaned and flinched. He
whispered, "That's it slut tell me what you want me to do to you." I moaned and
pushed into him and he pressed my clit harder. I started to cum and he stopped
and told me to get on the bed face up. He tied me so my legs were back over my
head bound to the headboard with my hands and he grabbed a vibrator and rubbed
it over my clit and I jumped. He probed my holes with his hands and teased me
like that for a while. I was moaning and bucking while he asked me, "What hole
do you like filled the most." I told him all of them and he grabbed the double
dildo and he shoved it into my holes as he kept the vibrator on my clit.

	I begged for mercy as I came so hard I cried and screamed for him to
stop. He just kept laughing as I realized there was a crowd of people watching
me, men and woman playing with each other as they watched me cum harder and
harder. He pulled the dildo out took out his cock and fucked my cunt hard and
fast while another woman came over and sat on my face. I licked her cunt as I
felt my holes getting fucked hard. She humped my mouth hard and I felt her cum
and then when she got off me I saw another woman fucking my holes with the
double dildo. I looked over and saw sir Ted getting his cock sucked by another
woman and then another guy got up and shoved his cock in my mouth.

	I was untied and flipped over and sir Ted came back and played with my
clit some more as he worked his hand into my ass hole. He told a girl to get
under me and lick my clit and she did very well while he rammed my ass with his
fist. I moaned and shook as he fucked me hard and fast and his friends cheered
him on. They all had their turns with my holes and then late in the night I
stole away and took bath and fell asleep on the couch and I woke in the morning
to sir Ted fucking my pussy and he asked me why I did this. I wrapped my legs
around him and told him I crave it. He fucked me hard until he came and he told
me that I deserved better and I said, "This is better." He told me that Sir had
told him about the Event and that he wanted to bid on me. I told him good luck
and I got up and went to crawl to the bathroom only to find Sir as he was coming
out of the other bedroom.

	He told me to get up and follow him out. On the way downstairs he told
me that he was very disappointed in me and that I was very disobedient for such
a good fuck slut. He turned to me when we reached the limo and told me that I
disobeyed him and sir Ted, he opened the trunk and pointed and I got in.

	We drove for a long time and when the car stopped and the trunk finally
opened the first thing I realized is that we were at Max's farm. My hands were
bound behind my back as I was led to the barn and Sir was screaming at me,
telling me how much of a fucking bitch I was and how I needed to learn a lesson.
"I don't care if its Sunday," he continued, punishment is what you need.

	I was thrown down on the ground and told to stay as I heard talking
behind me. "$2500?" Sir asked, "I'll take it, deliver it tomorrow morning." I
heard Max giggle and I was told to put my ass higher and lift my skirt. I did
and I felt hands spread my cheeks and something wet and cold went in my hole. I
let out a yelp and my ass was smacked. I was told to get louder so the horses
get horny as the object went deeper and I felt my hole spread wider and wider.
My hair was pulled until my head was high and I was told to keep my mouth open
and scream loud. I did as the object was forced in hard and I felt my pussy
drip.

	I screamed and snorted as my ass was fucked so slow yet so fucking hard.
Sir stood over me and took his cock out and pissed on me telling me that I
needed to learn to listen to my Master as my ass was continually fucked. I heard
grunting and groaning behind me and I realized Max was jerking off and I felt
his cock spit on my ass. I was fucked harder and harder and Sir kept yelling at
me and I grabbed the table hard and felt like I was going to be ripped open yet
I was cumming so hard I thought I was going to pass out. Finally the object was
pulled out and shown to me as Max opened the door laughing and let the dogs in.
It was an enormous fat salami and Sir laughed as he threw it on the ground and
the dogs ripped it apart and devoured it.

	I was told to stay and Sir and Max discussed my hole and if it was
ready. "Well," Sir said, "You saw the size of the salami," as he giggled,
"What's your biggest one?" Max stepped in front of me with a giant wobbly dildo
giggling as he said, "No one has ever taken it." "Well she will," Sir said as he
rubbed my ass hole with lube and told Max he'd see him at the Event. I was
handed the giant dildo and it was like carrying a heavy baby I realized as I was
led to the car. I was told to sit in the front seat with the driver and lick his
cock while he drove us and I held the giant dildo and I heard Sir make a call to
Sir Cole. I heard him say we'd be right there and he told the driver to change
direction.

	I kept licking the driver's cock and balls the whole way there and when
we pulled up the door opened and I was led up to Sir Cole's mansion with the
dildo in my arms. Sir Cole greeted us at the door with a huge smile on his face.
I was led to the bathroom in his office and told to strip and crouch down and
shit and piss on the paper. I did and Sir told me to get into the shower and
wash my holes well.

	When I was done I dried myself off and came out into the office and
waited in the corner for them. Sir Cole bent me over his desk and probed my
holes lightly, He said that I looked good and that I could probably take just
about anything. He then grabbed my by the back of the neck and led me to his
basement where a gynecological table and trays of all sorts of instruments were
laid out. I was told to get onto the table on all fours and I was strapped down
with my ass up high and my head bound down with my arms out straight. He
injected something into my arm and I instantly felt so relaxed and dizzy. I
heard Sir Cole tell Sir, "I'm going to stretch it nice and wide so it's sure to
win the chair," as I felt lube being squirted on my ass hole. Sir Cole thanked
Sir for the chance to do this on a Sunday as I felt the cold steel of a speculum
enter my hole through a daze of the drugs.

	Sir Cole told me he wanted to hear my screams as I opened my mouth and
yelped as my ass hole got stretched wide. It felt so good to scream at the
ecstasy that I screamed louder and realized I wanted more. They were laughing at
my screams and pleads as I felt my hole stretch wider and wider wondering if it
was ever going to hurt. Sir Cole laughed as he lubed up the giant dildo and
worked it inside and I screamed even louder. He fucked me for hours it felt as I
finally got used to the drugs but continually begged them to give me more. Sir
Cole told me this was for my own good and he took out the dildo and looked
inside with a huge double D Mag-light. I felt the heat of the light inside me
and he shoved it in as I yelped and they laughed and smacked my ass. He fucked
my ass hard with the hot light and he pinched my clit and put a clamp on it. I
started to shudder and they laughed even harder as they kept smacking my ass.
Sir Cole pulled the light out and spread my hole open some more with the
speculum as I screamed and cried for more. They left me there like that and I
waited and waited until I fell asleep.




15



	I woke up the next day in the same position and I felt my pussy dripping
down my legs. It was on fire and I wanted to cum so bad I was shaking. I tried
to move but I couldn't and the speculum spreading my ass just made me want to
cum more. I heard them walking down the stairs and I instantly started begging
to cum. Pleading with them as they laughed at how much of a whore I had become.
I was told to shut up as Sir Cole said, "Look at that," and they laughed at my
wide-open empty ass hole. I was untied and taken upstairs to shower and I was
led into the car and posed on the floor in the back on my hands and knees.

	Sir laughed at my ass hole as he played with it and told me what a
fucking slut I was. He smacked my ass and told me that it was better if I obeyed
otherwise he was going to have to give me drugs all the time. The car stopped
and I was led into his house. I was thrown on the floor in a corner of the
bedroom and told to stay. He left the room and he came back with a giant butt
plug that we had bought the day before and he told me to get on the bed in
inspection position. He told me to put the plug between my tits and he started
playing with my pussy hole and my clit and as I moaned he shoved his hand into
my pussy and got it wet and then worked his fist in my ass hard. I yelped and
screamed and he told me to shut up or he was going to hang me outside for the
house help.

	I gripped the bed hard and tried to breathe through it as he worked his
whole arm into my ass.  I jerked and shook and he fucked me like that until I
started to shake hard and he pulled it out fast. He jerked off on my ass and
smacked it and told me to get on the floor and after he washed he came back in
and fitted the cock gag down my throat and tied my hands behind my back and told
me that I didn't deserve to cum because I was a stupid insolent slut. He
injected me in the arm with something and said he likes me better this way and
then he told me to follow him.

	I did and we went into a room downstairs with high ceilings and couches
full of people lining the walls all talking drinking and laughing. There was one
of those mechanical bulls in the middle of the room and Max was there next to it
pouring lube on the humongous dildo attached to the seat. I was so scared as
this was definitely bigger than anything else I had in me but I knew I could do
it, I knew I had to. The people started to cheer and some slaves were sucking
their masters and getting fucked as I started to feel the drugs and I was lifted
onto the bull.

	My cheeks were spread apart and I was lifted and lowered onto the dildo
and I was told to be the pig that I was and I screamed through the gag and
snorted. The dildo went all the way in and I loved the pleasure of knowing how
big it was inside me. My legs were bound to the bull and everyone stepped back
as it was turned on. Everyone else's screams drowned out mine as I was fucked
violently by the dildo. It bounced over and over as I grunted and screamed at
the immense pleasure and pain filling my body.

	Over and over I was fucked harder as Sir made the bull go faster and
faster while my screams and drenched face were laughed at and I heard the other
masters congratulating Sir through the haze. The feelings were excruciating as
the dildo went deeper and deeper into my ass. Tears and drool poured down my
face as Sir smiled proudly, laughing and joking with the other masters. I was
fucked for hours and when he finally turned it off I was left there for a while
and fed by one of the other slaves. I was told to stay and I watched as the
other slaves got fucked and played with and it made me want to feel the motion
of the bull again.

	I felt my pussy dripping and kept watching as a huge man covered in
tattoos fisted one slave in her ass. One slave was licking her master's feet,
while another was getting fucked by a giant dildo in her pussy. It was all
around me and went on for hours as I sat there and got wetter and hornier. Sir
came in and was leading another slut by a leash, he told her to get down on her
knees and she did. He pat her on the head and told her to open her mouth and as
she did he unzipped his pants and took his cock out. He slipped his hard cock
into her mouth as he looked up at me and moaned and fucked her face hard until
he came on it.

	He came over to me and told me how he was looking forward to the Event
and that I had better perform well for him. He reached down and pinched my clit
and my body went into spasm. He turned around and grabbed the controls for the
bull and turned it right to full speed and I started to cum hard and viciously
as I watched him turn and fuck the girl various ways. Pangs of jealousy ran
through me as I smiled at him and watched him fuck her cunt over and over. He
kept telling me that I wasn't worthy of his cock anymore and that I was only
there for his amusement and that I would pay for cumming like that. He turned
the bull off again and I was lifted off it.

	He told the slut he had been fucking to lick my holes clean and she
said, "Yes, my lord," and commenced cleaning me. Sir said, "See how obedient she
is, cunt," as my ass was lapped and my knees started to shake. "Your holes are
ready but your mind still thinks, that's your problem, you think." He grabbed my
face hard and said, "I do the thinking and you do whatever I say with
gratitude." He grabbed my hair and pulled me away from the licking girl and she
followed as we went into the bedroom and I was told to get on my hands and knees
on the floor with my head up.

	I did as I felt my pussy still getting licked and Sir told her to suck
the wetness out of it. I want it to be dry he said and I kept my head up and
drooled all over myself. "Good," he said and I felt lube on my ass and he told
her to put her fingers in my pussy. I kept licking as I felt her fingers inside
me and then his fingers probing my ass. I let out a yelp as he worked his hand
into my ass and she, her hand into my pussy. I was yelping and moaning as I
looked into the mirror on the wall next to us. I saw my hands still bound behind
my back and both their hands all the way into me, his to his elbow and hers to
her wrist as I yelped and drooled.

	They both pumped me hard and he started moaning. I looked in the mirror
again and saw that she was sucking him and he kept fucking me harder and harder
until I couldn't cum any more. He took his arm out and made her lick it as he
shot his load on her face and told her to keep fucking my pussy. She fucked it
hard as she licked my shit off of his arm while she moaned and wagged her ass.
He got up and smacked it and told us both that we were good for nothing whores.
He left the room and she licked my clit while she fucked me harder and I moaned
and writhed.

	She told me I had the prettiest holes she had ever seen and that Sir was
very impressed with me despite what he had said. She made me cum again and again
and I kept thanking her. Sir came in and said stop and we both froze until our
next command. He watched for a minute as her hand was still in me. He told her
to take it out slowly and he had me lick it clean. He told us to shower each
other and he watched us as we cleaned each other's holes inside and out.

	He told us to get out and dry off and as we did he fucked her pussy and
made me watch while he told me to shit and piss on the paper in the corner. I
crouched over the bidet as he instructed and cleaned my holes again as he came
inside her and told her to shit and then clean herself off. We dried off when we
were all finished and we followed him into the bedroom. He told us to sleep on
the floor and we curled up together on the dog bed and drifted off.




16



	I woke up to the slut licking my pussy as Sir watched from the bed. He
told me to get on my hands and knees and crawl into the bathroom and she
followed still licking me. He followed us in and pointed to the paper and I
crawled onto it. He handed her a big dildo and told her to shove it into my
pussy, she did as I yelped and leaned back into it. Then he told me to piss on
her face and as I did she lapped my clit making me cum so incredibly that I
snorted and yelped like a little fucking pig. Sir laughed and told us both he's
going to give us to his dogs or even sell us if we don't perform well at the
Event.

	He continued to watch my pussy get lapped and fucked for a while until
he told her to pull the dildo out and suck on it. He told me to shit on the
paper and I did as she sucked the whole dildo down her throat. He handed her
paper and told her to wipe me and then he told her to shit and piss while
sucking the dildo and he opened the shower door and got in grabbing my hand and
pulling me in with him. He handed me the soap and told me to wash him very
specifically.

	First his hands, then his face and neck...working my way down to his
cock and ass...down his legs to his feet. He told the other slut to come in
still with the dildo shoved down her throat and told her to wash me, again very
specifically. When she got to my ass however he told her to soap up her fist and
shove it deep into my ass, she did it hard and as she slurped on the dildo he
shoved his cock into her ass. I bent over gripping the wall snorting while she
let out a yelp around the dildo.

	He smacked her ass and told her to shut the fuck up as I grunted and
groaned at her fist inside me. She punched it in me hard as he grabbed her and
made her drool and drip snot all over herself. He laughed and fucked her harder
as I looked back and saw the look on her face and realized her ass had never
been fucked before. He came on her and he washed himself and got out of the
shower leaving her to fuck my ass even harder. He then told us to finish washing
ourselves and dry off and meet him in the bedroom. We did and he dressed us in
matching outfits; short black leather skirts, very high black heels, black lace
up corsets and collars and leashes.

	He shoved a cock gag down my throat and took the dildo out of her mouth
and shoved an even bigger cock gag down her throat and she took the whole thing
in without even gagging. He told me to bend over and he plugged my ass with an
extremely huge plug with a leather tail as I bit down on the gag. We were led
down to the car and posed on the floor on our hands and knees with our heads
high and our asses up in front of him and he smacked her and shoved the plug in
and out of me hard. We drove for a long time and when we stopped he got out and
pulled us out of the car and led us into a really nice looking club in what
looked like uptown.

	We went in and there were all kinds of absolutely gorgeous women dancing
and sluts on leashes everywhere and a lot of fucking and sucking going on. There
were tables and chairs with dildos built into them, some were being humped and
ridden and sucked. Dildos were sticking out of the walls and on the bar, giant
ones and even small ones everywhere. There were women hanging from the ceilings
getting whipped, a slut on the back bar bouncing on a cock while she deep
throated a bottle of whiskey. Sir led us to a table in the back where two of the
four chairs had dildos sticking up from them and told me to sit on it going into
my pussy and her in her ass and to keep our legs open.

	We do slowly as the cocks slide in and we spread our legs. He laughed at
me as the waitress came over and he ordered himself a drink and she threw some
condoms on the table and flashed her tit and left. Just as she went two men came
over and held up a wad of money and asked Sir, "How much for a couple of hours?"
Sir asked, "What are you into," and one said, "Stretching ass holes," and the
other one just takes out his giant soft cock and said, "Stretching all holes,"
as they all laughed. "$50 each," Sir said and they threw down their money and
Sir handed my leash to the ass man and her leash to the guy with the giant cock.

	 They led us into a private room with three tables of different heights
in the middle of it and a couple of chairs. Sir sat in the corner with his drink
and a couple of bottles of liquor on the table next to him. We were both led
onto the waist size table and told to stand on it and dance as Sir told them I
could take a lot in my ass and Sir Ass, I was told to call him, pulled my plug
out fast and got very excited at how huge it was.

	The other man told her to call him Sir Cock as Sir told him she had a
great throat but that her holes were virginal as his eyes got wide and he got a
very evil look on his face. I was pulled down to my knees on the table and told
to put my ass up high as she was told to get on her back and open her legs. We
watched each other as my ass was probed and prodded and her wet pussy was
fingered. We breathed through the probing as I felt lube being poured on my ass
and he spread her pussy open with two fingers then three then four as I watched
her throw her head back and my pussy got wetter knowing how bad she was going to
hurt tomorrow.

	I felt my own hole getting spread open as I looked back and he was
easing his huge fist into me. I snorted and drooled over her face as their hands
disappeared into our eager holes. Mine trained to be spread and hers so new that
she was obviously having a hard time. He pulled his hand out of her and shoved
his giant cock in as she snorted around the gag and screamed from the pain. My
hole was getting pummeled as Sir held up a magnum of champagne and asked if it
would interest Sir Ass.

	He fucked me hard a little longer and then pulled his fist out left the
room and came back and asked Sir cock if we should be helping spread the holes
open. We were told to get into a 69 position with me on top with my ass high and
her on the bottom with her legs held back by me and her ass was hanging over the
edge of the table. We were told to spread each other's cheeks apart and Sir Cock
spread lube on her ass hole. I felt for her now as the giant champagne bottle
got worked into my ass to my screams and snorts and Sir Cock was working her ass
hole with his fingers.

	I grabbed her ass and spread it wide as Sir Cock reached over and chose
a bottle of wine with a long neck. He worked it into her ass slowly as she
groaned and squeezed my ass harder. My drool dripped on her cunt as I watched
her ass get worked with the bottle and heard her moan and felt her grip my
cheeks as Sir Ass fucked me harder and harder. I heard and felt her crying as
Sir Cock took the bottle out of her ass and put a condom on his giant hard cock
and worked it into her slippery waiting ass.

	She whimpered and cried as I watched her ass get stretched open wide by
his cock and I felt my pussy drip onto her face. We were fucked like that for a
while as they all commented on our holes and how cheap we were. Sir Cock came on
my face and it dripped onto her pussy as Sir now fucked me hard with the bottle.
Sir Ass came around to her holes and shoved his fingers into her ass hole really
hard as I kept drooling on her holes and grunting and snorting. She screamed and
gripped me harder as I was told to hump her face to shut her up. I did and I
felt myself cum hard all over her face and I reached down and played with her
clit.

	My ass was slapped hard and Sir pointed at me and I stopped. I knew I
was going to be in trouble for that and I kept humping her face as I felt her
moans deep into my pussy as Sir took out the bottle and left the room. Sir Cock
came over and climbed onto the table and shoved his cock into my pussy hard and
I yelped and humped her face faster and harder. Sir Ass worked his thumbs into
her ass hole stretching her as Sir Cock fucked my pussy even harder and I felt
drool and tears stream down my face into her open pussy hole.

	I felt her start to shake and cum and I buried my face into her drenched
cunt wanting to help her through the pain that was coursing from her ass. Sir
came back in and held up a giant odd shaped dildo with three giant balls on it
down the shaft and he handed it to Sir Cock that was fucking my pussy and he
worked it into my ass hard as he fucked my cunt harder. I yelped and moaned
through the gag as Sir Ass kept working her ass hole open. She kept shaking and
screaming as I snorted and humped and kept cumming so hard. The cock came out of
my pussy and he came on my ass and our asses were fucked hard and fast for what
seemed like hours.

	Sir Ass took his fingers out of her slow and we were left like that for
a while as they drank and laughed at us. The dildo came out of my ass slowly and
we were led back out to the bar and I was told to dance over a giant dildo that
was attached to the main bar. I was helped onto the bar and started to dance
over the giant cock. Sir sat at a table right down in front of me and her ass
hole was lowered onto a cock attached to a chair and told to spread her legs and
play with her clit and watch me. I watched Sir for instructions and I noticed
everyone was watching me as I danced and some guys came over and slipped money
into my clothes.

	Sir told me to turn around and lift my skirt and show my holes and I did
as guys touched me and some spit on the cock and me. Sir told me to lower my ass
onto the dildo and take it all in as I was cheered on and the huge dildo slipped
in and I sat my ass all the way down it onto the bar. There was hooting and
hollering and Sir told me to bounce on it and I did as one guy went to Sir and
asked him how much it would cost to see me take this in and he showed Sir a
picture. I kept bouncing on the bar as someone pulled my ass cheeks apart and
the bartender was pinching my clit and telling me that he loved it when a dirty
whore was on his bar.

	I was told to stop and get down and I lifted myself off of the dildo and
got down on my hands and knees next to him. Sir told me to stand and bend over
and the man spread my cheeks and laughed and Sir said, "I think she could take
it all. I'll tell you what," Sir said, "The Event is this weekend I'll give you
a call after that." They shook hands and exchanged numbers and I was told to
back into a giant dildo sticking out of the wall in the corner. I was told to
fuck myself in the ass again hard as I eased the monstrosity into my wide-open
hole and I fucked it hard and slow.

	Sir came over and told me, "Now you'd better win with what that man
wanted to do to you. I've heard about him before," he continued, "He has got a
thing with seeing sluts get fucked by huge dildos on sticks as he drives them
around by them. He harnesses sluts to his wagons and carts and he only lets them
fuck his horses and dogs to cum. He's even sicker than Max, I've just decided
that I'm going to sell you to him if you don't win this weekend." I looked up at
him and he smacked my face. "That's it whore, you've disobeyed me quite enough
for one night," and he pulled my leash so the dildo slid out of me and handed it
to the animal man. "Here," he said, "2 days you can have her, she's a filthy
slut who doesn't know how to obey her master and I want you to teach her a
lesson, no charge." I bowed to him and Sir smacked my ass and said, "See you
when your tame cunt," and left with the other slut.




17



 	The man pulled me up to him and said, "Well then lets get started," and
led me to his truck that was pulling a horse trailer. He opened the back and
there was a huge black horse back there and he told me to get in and he hooked
my leash to the same hook as the horse. I was told to sit on the hay with my
legs spread and the horse instantly sniffed my cunt and licked it. He laughed
and pat the horse on the head and said, "Later big fella," and he shut us in and
we started moving. The horse kept sniffing me and licking my cunt and I pushed
him away only to realize that this horse must have been well trained because he
kept coming right back to my pussy.

	I let him finally and I realized I should give in to what will happen
and I leaned back and raised my hips to him. He stuck his long tongue inside me
and I moaned into it and humped his huge head until I came. I realized the truck
had stopped and the door was opened. "I see," he said and he grabbed our leashes
and led us to his barn. The stalls were filled with other slaves and there were
grooms with some of them. He led me to an empty stall and told me to strip as he
led the horse away and I waited for him while I took off my clothes. I stood
there waiting and he came back carrying leather harnesses on his shoulder, boots
and a bottle of something.

	He threw everything down, told me to put the boots on and after I was
done he grabbed a bridle and fit a fat leather cock bit into my mouth and over
my head. He hooked a lead to the side of my face and pulled me outside to a big
trough and pointed at me to get in and he told me to wash. I did and when I was
done I was led back into the stall and he rubbed me down with the heavy oil from
the bottle all over. He commenced to fit a harness around my hips and chest of
thick but soft leather and he hooked the other end of the lead to the other side
of my face to form reins.

	He told me to bend over as he held up a huge dildo on a long stick and
he came around behind me and shoved it into my ass and pushed me around to the
door steering me with the reins. He pushed the pole in hard and clicked his
teeth and I walked out of the stall. He pulled the reins hard so I stopped and
he told me to lift my knees higher and trot and I trotted in place until he
pushed me along with the dildo and I came out onto a well-lit path. He walked me
along working my ass and steering me as he told me that I would learn to obey.

	He stopped me at one point and he pat my sweaty rump and turned the pole
and looked at my ass and said, "You need it fatter don't you, you dirty whore?"
I nodded my head and stamped my foot for his enjoyment and he smiled. "Well just
for that I'll give it to you," and he shoved the pole into me hard and turned me
around back into the barn. He pulled out the one in my ass and grabbed a really
fat one from a rack of them and shoved it in hard and deep and steered me back
through the trail. We went around and through all different ways and when we
came around to the barn again I was sweating profusely and he told me that he
needed me longer than two days to properly train me.

	He pulled the pole out of me and came around and looked at me in the
face and asked me if I thought I deserved to cum. I shook my head no realizing
my place and how he liked his sluts to cum and he smiled and said, "Good answer
but I think you do," and pulled me by the lead and grabbed what looked like a
can of paint and a brush, he put it down and came over to me and unbuckled the
gag and slid the leather dildo out of my mouth.

	"You will call me Master, understand?" He said as he grabbed my cunt and
his fingers slid right in. "You have an amazing ass hole," he said as he turned
me around and bend me over and slid his cock into my pussy. He fucked me hard
until he came on my ass and he took the harness off then grabbed the paint can
and started to brush my body with this awful smelling brown muck. "This will
make you more appealing for my beauties," he said and when he was done he led me
past stalls of all sorts of animals to a room with a table with an odd looking
ramp going down around it.

	I realized this was how a horse could fuck me as I was led over to the
table and I was strapped in with my ass up high and my head low and he opened my
mouth and said, "I want all your holes open at all times cunt." "Yes Master," I
said and I opened my mouth and relaxed into the bounds. He kept talking to me as
he poured lube on my holes telling me, "He just bought that magnificent beast
off of another master and that his cock was so big it had damaged his slut. Even
Max wouldn't buy the animal but we'll work you up to that whore," he continued
as he eased his hand into my ass hole.

	"I want you to make as much noise as you feel whore," he said as he
punched my open hole and I yelped and screamed. "Amazing," he said as he fucked
me hard and fast until my screams I noticed were making the animals restless. He
pulled it out fast and he fingered it a little while telling me that mine was
the most open and willing hole he had ever seen. Just then one of the grooms
came in leading a big brown stallion with a giant hard-on over to where I was.
"Yes my sweet," Master said to him, "That hole is yours," and the horse didn't
even have to be led, he came right over and Master guided the giant cock into my
waiting ass hole.

	He fucked me so hard and fast, unlike anything I had ever felt I
realized as I screamed and moaned gripping the ropes around my wrists and crying
through the pain and pleasure running through me. He fucked it for so long until
the horse was backed out of me and came on my ass. "Now you are a proper whore,"
Master said as he took the horse out and returned with the giant black one. This
horse was grunting and pawing at the ground and Master could barely hold him
back as he stroked his face and told him to relax. The horse settled down but
was still antsy as he was led over to me and his giant cock was eased into my
hole.

	I screamed and begged him to stop as the horse took over and thrust his
huge cock deep into me. The horse fucked me so hard for such a long time as
Master took a couple of pictures, laughing in amazement that I could take it all
in. "I really hope you fuck up at the Event, slut," he said as he smacked the
horse's ass and he fucked me deeper and harder. "I really want to buy you and
show you what else I have for your perfect dirty hole." I screamed and cried,
begging him to stop and that it hurt. He reached over and rubbed my pussy and
asked, "Then why are you wet, whore," and I just shut my eyes and kept
screaming. The horse kept fucking me so hard as Master clicked on the
speakerphone and made a call.

	I recognized Sir's voice instantly when he picked up and he just started
laughing as he heard my screams. "She's taking the whole thing in," Master said
to him as my ass was reamed so brutally. Sir laughed more and Master told him
that he took some great pictures and that he wants first bid if I lose the
Event. "Your first," Sir said and have fun. Master laughed and said, "Thanks"
and ended the call as I kept getting fucked by the giant cock and screamed
madly. The horse just didn't seem to want to stop as I begged and pleaded for it
to end and Master just laughed and watched my ass get stretched wider and wider
with each thrust.

	The horse finally backed out of me and came on my ass and Sir patted him
and handed his lead to the groom and he led him out. He came back in and told me
that he was told to keep my ass filled as he came behind me and prodded my hole.
I begged him to let me rest and he smacked my ass and told me to shut up and
checked my ass and made sure I was ok. He untied me and led me into his house
where there were all kinds of snakes in huge glass tanks and dogs of all sizes
all over jumping and sniffing me. I was led into a bathroom and as he took the
collar and leash off he told me to shower. I did and I felt my ass hole, it was
so wide open I couldn't believe it. I was sore but ok I realized as I dried
myself off and waited.

	 He came in and said it was late and its time for bed as he put a
harness that went around under my tits and buckled around my neck. He put a cock
gag down my throat and buckled it and he told me he really wanted me as his new
toy. He led me past a room with a couple of sluts getting fucked by his dogs and
told me that I would be his new animal to join his collection if I didn't please
Sir at the Event. He led me back into the stables and told me to get on my back
on the ground in the hay and he hooked up my arms and legs to a rope and he
hitched me up hanging there like a piece of meat. He clicked the lights off and
laughed and then almost instantly a couple of the grooms came in and explored
me. One pulled my head back by my hair and kept talking to me as the others
devoured my holes with the rods and their hands. They kept telling me that I was
nothing but holes and a worthless slut while they held me there while I was
reamed. They fucked my holes and spun me around and poked at me with the poles
while I was constantly told what a pig I was. I passed out and woke up to them
fucking and playing with me all through the night. I woke to the animals
starting to wake with the day and Master was standing in the door.




18



	Master was laughing. I looked down and realized two poles were sticking
out of me and others were leaned against the stall. He took the poles out and
handed them to one of the grooms who took them away. He hosed me down while I
hung there and while he oiled up my holes he kept telling me about my beautiful
ass hole. "It's so ready for anything," he said as he fingered my hole. He
poured more oil on his hand and worked it into me slowly as the groom came back
and smiled. Master told him to get Butch and I was worried that it was another
animal or something as he fisted my ass and I moaned through the gag.

	A Huge man came in and laughed as Master took out his fist and held it
up. They laughed as Butch held his up and it was twice the size if not more. I
took a deep breath and relaxed into it as Butch oiled himself up and shoved his
entire fist into my ass. I moaned and screamed as he fucked me harder and harder
and told me I was quite a piece of fuck meat. Master pissed on me while my ass
was rammed hard and all the grooms watched. They kept talking to me like an
animal; as they cheered him on to go in harder. I screamed and yelped through
the gag as he pulled it out fast and fucked my pussy hard with his cock and shot
his cum all over me. Master patted my rump as a groom let me down and Master led
me to his car and told me to get in the trunk. I did and we drove for a while
and when we finally stopped I got out and realized we were in a huge park with
other slaves pulling carts and people sitting on the grass and on benches
watching as he hooked the bit and reins on my head and told me to bend over and
he fitted the fat pole into my ass and worked me over to the barn.

	He hooked me up to a small cart and he got in and worked me forward as I
pulled the cart through the path as he steered me by the reins. My pussy dripped
down my legs as I felt the pole get thrust into me harder every step I took. I
kept my knees high and I was panting and sweating and he told me what a good pet
I'd make and just that there wasn't time to get to know my insides. I ran around
the trails in the park twice while people watched and he laughed at my sweat and
dripping cunt until he led me outside the barn and got out of the cart but left
the pole in me.

	He unhooked the reins and the harness as he laughed and told me how much
he enjoyed seeing how wet my cunt got from my ass getting worked. He picked up
the pole and worked me into the stables and pushed me into a stall and onto a
pile of hay in the corner and pulled out the pole fast. He unbuttoned his pants
quickly and told me to turn over, spread my legs and fight him. He got on top of
me and held my arms up and shoved his fat hard cock in my pussy and spit in my
face. I fought and yelped and he just pinned my down and fucked me harder
telling me how fucking wet my dirty cunt is.

	He shifted and held my arms up with one hand and picked my leg up over
my head and fucked me harder as I screamed and begged him to stop. He let go of
me and told me to stay and he got up and jerked his come onto my face. He told
me to get up and turn around and bend over and he worked a pole back into my ass
hole and pushed me out to the car and pulled the pole out hard as he told me to
get in the trunk. He drove for a while and we stopped at a tack shop and he took
me inside. The men in the store laughed at me and said their hellos to Master
when we came in and Master asked one of the guys named Joe to fit me. I was
taken into the back and fit into a specific leather harness with all holes
exposed so I could hang from the ceiling looking up spread open and bound. With
my head down low and my hips up high Joe first fit me into a straight-jacket
type hard leather harness that wrapped my arms up and strapped my knees up to my
waist therefore opening my exposed holes.

	Master and the other guys came in and Joe laughed at me there squatting
in the harness. He hooked me up to the necessary lines to a winch and lifted me
up to the proper height. Master told the gentlemen it was time to test the
harness properly and they all took out their cocks and fucked all my holes.
Laughing and snorting and commenting on my gaping asshole one guy asked Joe if
he could get the biggest rod to fill it. Joe laughed and said, "Yeah...the one I
never sell cause it's so huge...I bet she could take it." The guy came back and
it was worked into me while Master told Joe that he would buy that too and they
cracked up. Joe then shoved his cock down my throat and continued to talk to
Master about how high quality my meat was.

	They played with me until all of them came on my face and I was lowered
and taken out of the harness. I was brought back to the trunk and asked if I
liked my new presents I told him I did and got in. We stopped back at his
stables and one of the grooms brought me into the main house and I was led to
the bathroom. I was stripped and bathed with his rough hands all over me and in
me. He dried me off and led me to Master's bedroom where Master was sitting in
his chair and he told me to get down on my hands and knees and come over to him.
He told me to take his shoes off and I sat back on my heels and did. He then
stood up and he told me to stand and take his clothes off. I did and he led me
into the bathroom and he got in a steaming hot tub and told me to bathe him. He
told me specifically what to wash and how to wash it and when I was done I dried
him off and he led me to his bed. He lied down and told me to lick his balls. I
did and he lied back and spread his legs and told me to suck him slowly. I did
and then he told me to straddle his chest so he can look at my holes.

	I straddled him and he played with my clit while I slobbered on his cock
and he told me what a slut I am. "You're a fucking little whore aren't you," he
asked me and I moaned into his cock. "Look at your open asshole just wanting to
be fucked you whore," he said and he told me to stop and then he got up and
threw me down on my stomach. "Your hole makes me so hard you cunt," and he
jammed his cock into my ass hole so hard I grabbed the bed and screamed. He
fucked it hard until he came on me and then pulled me outside and hooked me into
the harness for the grooms. They all called me a useless whore and not even good
enough to please the master as they shoved their cocks into my holes as well all
the poles all night. I woke the next morning inside the trunk of his car bound
in the new harness and I got scared at first.




19

	

	

	The car drove for a while and when we finally stopped and the trunk
opened we were at Sir's house. He came outside and looked at me in the trunk and
I was lifted out as Sir told him that he liked it when the holes looked like
they had been worked well. "Just look at the slut," and as they talked I was
carried upstairs where the harness was removed and I was waxed and told to shit
and piss and then bathed properly. I was told to put on thigh high boots to
match the ones the other slut was wearing and collars were put on both of us and
we were led out to the limo.

	The limo took us to the airport where we were led onto a small private
plane. We were posed with our ass's facing him where there were two huge bowls
of food and water and he told us, "The Event starts tonight with examinations
and inspections and continues on until Sunday. Eat," he said and he continued,
"A five-day Event where both of your fates will be decided," he said as we both
ate hungrily. When we were done we were told to lick each other faces clean and
as we did he made a call. We flew for hours and when we finally landed we were
led to another limo and we drove to a huge castle surrounded by gorgeous gardens
and mountains looming in the distance.

	We were separated as my leash was handed to none other than Sir Rapist
and he chuckled as he led me down a long hallway telling me that he was my
jockey so-to-speak. He led me to a huge throne room type place with huge trees
and flowers, fountains and birds everywhere leading up to a kind of stage. There
were people all around; I noticed glass doors leading outside to a vast garden
leading to a pool that looked like a lake. On the stage was a throne where a
beautiful longhaired man sat and Sir was standing next to him. There were slaves
draped over the man in the throne and all over the room. A slave was feeding the
man grapes as Sir Rapist brought me over to him. I got down on my hands and
knees and kissed his feet and Sir called him Sir Vlad as I realized that this
was the Lord of the Event.

	He stood and walked around me and said, "So this is the slut that is
going to win my chair." He asked Sir if there were any bids on it and he told
him yes and said a name. "Ah, your going to punish it with being an animal, are
you? Well if it wins will you keep it?" Sir said he really didn't think so but
that if he was interested he would certainly accept his bid. "Well I would like
to see what it can take before I give a bid but consider it's options open to
me," and he stopped in front of my face and lifted my chin to look at me. He
turned to Sir and grabbed his robes and told him he wished to watch my
inspections. They left the room and Sir Rapist pulled me away and told me that I
would be lucky to serve Sir Vlad.

	He led me into a huge room that looked like a dance studio of some kind
with a long table at one end where 10 judges sat and Sir sat in the corner next
to Sir Vlad with drinks in their hands. There was a gynological table in the
middle of the room and Sir Rapist led me over in front of the judge's table and
he told me to get down on my knees. I did and looked at the floor as they all
took turns asking me questions.

	"What is your name," and I just looked confused. They all turned to Sir
and he shrugged. One asked if I had any family, "no."

	"Do you enjoy being used like a whore?"

	"Yes."

	"Do I enjoy my holes being constantly filled?"

	"Yes."

	"Do you think your good at it?"

	"No."

	"Are you nothing but amusement for your master?"

	"Yes."

	"Do you think?"

	"No." Tell me, one said, how do you feel about your master?" I kept
looking down and I told them that I thought he was a good man and that he treats
me well.

	"Do you like this life?"

	"Yes."

	I was told to get into inspection position and I did with my ass facing
them. Then I was told to roll over and I did. I was asked if I ever felt if my
master was going too far and I answered no. I was told to spread my lips and as
they all looked at my holes Sir was asked if I was pony. Sir said, "The slut can
do anything," and just then the door opened and Sir Cole walked in apologizing
for his lateness and he walked over to the table and sat down. "Good," one said,
"Lets get to the inspection," and Sir Rapist led me over to the table and said,
"You know what to do." I got on the table and put my legs in the stirrups and
scooted my ass down to the edge of the table.

	Each judge came over to me separately and all my holes were examined and
prodded. My tits were shaken and my openings were all spread open roughly and
looked into. I was told to open my mouth wide and I did and it was measured and
looked into by each judge. Sir Cole sat on the stool at my open holes and
snapped gloves on his hands. A beautiful nurse dressed in a tight white leather
dress and little hat was assisting him I noticed and she handed him a bottle of
lube. He took it and spread it on his fingers and wiped it onto my holes. She
handed him the speculum and he took it and inserted it into my cunt hole and
spread it open until I winced and it was measured and swabbed into a dish. The
dish was handed to another nurse and taken out of the room as each judge
including Sir and Vlad separately looked into the hole with their flashlights
and measured and commented on the site.

	Three people recorded all measurements and comments, I noticed, as I
breathed through the examination. The speculum came out and another went into my
ass and it was spread wider and wider until beads of sweat formed all over my
body and I was practically biting through my lip. All the judges were watching
and some of them said stop and Sir Cole stopped spreading the speculum open. I
breathed through it carefully as they all were mumbling things and commenting on
the size of my gaping hole. I grabbed the edge of the table hard as I was
measured. There was a gasp when the number was read aloud and Sir Cole swabbed
my ass hole juice into another dish and that too was taken out of the room. I
was left like that until all the judges were finished measuring and making
comments about a new record. Sir Cole turned and looked at Sir who was standing
over me smiling and shaking his fist in a victory sign.

	The judges said enough and the speculum came out of me and I was told to
get up and Sir Rapist led me around the room as they all talked and took notes
until they finally said stop. Sir and Vlad got up and left the room as the
judges mumbled and Sir Rapist led me out of the room and down the hall to
another. Sir Rapist told me I probably had it locked in but that the hard part
is coming so don't let your guard down cunt. This room was just as big and there
were cages filled with slaves everywhere. I was led to one and told to get in
and I did and just sat there and waited.

	At one point some people came in and fed us. The slave in the cage right
next to me started talking asking what was I in for. I looked around and didn't
answer her and just turned and showed her my ass hole. She started crying and
all the slaves around us were looking at my ass. "I don't want to be a dog's
slut," she whimpered softly, "I love my master," and some of the other sluts
just turned away and lied down and one told me that she could probably beat me
and she turned and showed us her hole and it was so wide-open that I gasped at
the fact that my hole probably looked like that. I had only felt it and I wanted
to touch it now but I was scared. I thought a lot about possibly losing and I
got really nervous and anxious and it took me a long time to get to sleep.




20

	

	The next day Sir Rapist came in and unlocked my cage and hooked my leash
to my collar and led me to a huge bathroom. All the people from the day before
were sitting in chairs around a giant low-sided tub and I noticed newspaper on
the floor in the corner and a bidet fitted with a long brush sticking up from it
for deep cleaning. Sir Rapist handed my leash to the nurse from the day before
and she led me into the tub and took my collar off and I was washed and scrubbed
down all over until I was red.

	I was dried off and led out over to the paper and she pushed me down
until I squat down above it. One judge said, "Piss," and I did almost instantly.
Another said, "Shit" and again I complied right away. I was left there for a
moment afterwards to drip dry I was told as they all laughed, even the
recorders. I was pulled over to crouch over the bidet and the nurse turned the
water on and scrubbed the outside of my holes first. She then guided my pussy
hole down onto the long brush and moved a handle until it worked itself into me
up and down to clean me out and then pulled me off of it. She did the same to my
ass hole and I breathed through it, loving the prickly sensation of the brush
inside me.

	I was pulled off of it and dried while one judge said, "Look how dirty
your fat ass is, hole," and I turned and looked at the brush in embarrassment
and everyone laughed hard.  The nurse rubbed my whole body in baby oil putting
extra on my holes and she even put it in my hair slicking it all down flat. My
head was covered in a horse type black leather hood with a long black tail
coming out of the top and blinders on the sides and holes for my eyes, nose,
ears and mouth were cut out. A huge, high collar was put around my neck with
rings on it in attaching it to a thick harness that was buckled around me and
strapped tight above and below my hips and it made my tits stand out.

	I was told to bend down and put socks and knee high army-type boots on.
When I was done lacing them up the nurse put a huge cock gag down my throat fast
and I took it all down without gagging and it was buckled behind my neck. The
nurse held up a giant plug with a really long tail and they all stood and
watched as I was bent over and it was worked into my ass hole. They all clapped
as I breathed through being stretched open wide and I felt the plug lock in. Sir
and Vlad left the room followed by everyone else as reins were attached to
either side of my mouth and they were handed to Sir Rapist. I was told to keep
my knees high as I felt a whip on my ass and I started prancing as he steered me
with the reins through the door and down the long hallway.

	He pulled me to stop and told me to relax into it and he whipped my ass
again and led me to the right down a wide staircase and I carefully stepped down
trying to keep my knees high. I was steered outside to a small arena with stands
of people and the judges and Sir and Vlad sitting in a box down in the front.
All the masters and mistresses were there and I noticed they all were eating and
lounging back on pillows and cheering and throwing food and drinking heartily. I
couldn't help but to think of a roman scene as noticed there were carts and
small jumps and chairs with relatively small dildos on them and some with larger
ones and other things all arranged and placed in an obstacle course.

	I was snapped on my ass with the whip and he steered me around the arena
as I acted like a show horse and pranced around with my head up and my knees
high. The crowd screamed and roared and I noticed Sir sitting in the corner with
the same sized plug that was in my ass right in front of him and he had a huge
smile on his face as I was whipped again and pulled to stop at the start line. I
was told to trot in place and the reins were unhooked and Sir Rapist went over
to stand by a cart in the course.

	A gun went off and I was whipped and I trotted through the course and
jumped over logs while prancing and keeping my knees high. I was trotted over to
a chair with number six and a dildo on it. I sat on the dildo in my pussy and I
fucked it fast and hard right down onto the hard chair six times and got up and
went towards another chair under and through another obstacle. This chair had a
ten and a larger dildo and I bounced on it ten times not making a noise and my
tits bounced wildly as I reamed myself onto the cock.

	I jumped through some tires and followed the trail to a pole standing
out of the ground with a sign that said 10. I grabbed it and I humped it hard
and fast 10 times with my tits around it. I trotted over to another chair with
an even bigger cock on it and a 20 and I slide it in and sat down hard and
started to bounce, this one is big so I winced but don't make a sound as my tits
bounced fast. I get off of it after 20 and I run to Sir Rapist by the big cart
and he hooked me to it then got into the cart and snapped the whip and I started
up again struggling against the weight of him.

	I was steered around by the reins, through all the obstacles in the way,
as my tits bounced and I started to sweat from the work. He steered me through
to the end and the crowd booed and threw food at me as I finished. I was
unhooked from the cart and steered over in front of the judges and my drool,
tears and sweat were commented on and recorded. I was whipped and steered out of
the arena and I pranced back up the stairs and was put back into my cage and fed
and watered.

	A little while later after a short nap I was poked awake by Sir Rapist
and he opened the cage and hooked the leash on me and pulled me out. I was led
back to the bathroom and undressed and washed and scrubbed out. I was oiled and
dressed in a black vinyl cat suit with all the right holes cut out with a hood
and a long black tail out of the top. My tits were cut out and clamps were put
on them with a chain connecting the two. The feet of the suit were made to point
my toes and it was difficult to stand and I was told to get on my hands and
knees and I noticed the knees of the suit were padded.  The same giant plug with
the long tail was worked back into my ass hole and a large rubbery dildo-plug
was worked into my cunt hole and I felt it lock in. A collar and leash were put
on me and then a ball gag went in my mouth and was strapped in.

	"Now you look like a proper suck slut with your mouth drooling and
ready," Sir Rapist said as he led me on my hands and knees out of the room and
down a long hallway.  I noticed a line of sluts and jockeys waiting outside a
door and Sir Rapist pulled me to stop and told me to sit. I sat back on my heels
and looked down and waited for a while as he fixed my mane and tail like a dog
handler. He bent down and whispered, "Just listen carefully and do exactly what
they say, cunt," and he led me through the door finally.

	The room was a medical type arena with the audience sitting around above
looking down into a circular room below. There was a small, short table in the
center and the judges, Sir and Vlad sat in chairs up on a small stage. Sir
Rapist was handed a number and the man attached a paper with the number ten on
it to my back and I was led over and told to get up onto the table. Sir Rapist
unhooked the ball gag and told me to keep my head up and my mouth open. Some one
yelled out number 10 as he held my head high with the leash and put his hand
under my ass as one judge came over and checked my legs and fucked my pussy with
the dildo left there and finally looked into my mouth. My head was right at the
level of his hips and I realized the sucking was about to commence as my drool
from my mouth dripped onto the table.

	The judge took his cock out and put it in my mouth and I was told to
suck. I sucked him all the way in and out slow with no hands and when I heard
him moan I sucked in faster and harder until he pulled it out and came into a
large beaker. A time was yelled out and recorded and this happened with all the
judges. Sir Vlad came up to me and snapped gloves on his hands. He looked in my
mouth and felt my ass he took his giant cock out and put a rubber on it. He
shoved it in my mouth hard and I took it all in and sucked it hard and fast. I
sucked it down my throat so hard and fast that I think I shocked him when I felt
his cum squirt into the condom. One of his slaves tended to him as an
announcement was made about the feast before the chair event the next day and
everyone started to file out as I was led back to my cage and told to go to
sleep.




21

	

	A couple of the masters came in and spoke to their slaves and as I was
just about to drift off I noticed Sir bent down talking to someone in another
cage. He stood up and came over to me and bent down and said, "The chair event
starts tomorrow and I just know that you can win. You are being very obedient
and your marks are very high. Making Vlad cum like that was a very good thing,
just don't lose your concentration," and he got up and walked away and I fell
asleep.

	The next morning I was awoken to Sir Rapist poking at me and he led me
to the bathroom for the undressing and cleaning. I was oiled and collared,
clamps with a chain were put onto my nipples and I was led down the stairs into
a huge ballroom set up with three long tables the length of the room and the
judges table up on a stage down at one end with Vlad and his slaves feeding him.
I was announced as number five after Sir Rapist's name and paraded around the
room to hoots and hollers. I noticed other slaves on the tables on their hands
and knees in front of their masters and handlers. Sir Rapist brought me over to
where Sir was sitting and I was helped up and posed in front of him on my hands
and knees and Sir Rapist sat directly across.

	My leash was unhooked and my holes were looked at and commented on as I
was fed and given water. There were trays and trays of food on all the tables
all garnished with obvious fuck foods. Huge carrots, cucumbers, salamis,
pepperonis, tall bottles, creams and jams tucked into the trays. I was teased,
poked at, smeared with jam and all my holes were filled with anything and
everything on the table. As the day wore on, food was continually brought out
and the drinking continued as I was played with and teased with all the small
things being put into me. It drove me so crazy and I wanted more. I felt my
pussy dripping and burning with desire and all I wanted was huge cock boring
into me.

	I was drenched with sauces and sticky jams and the clock chimed one and
my leash was hooked to me and the five sluts were led around the room to be
viewed by everyone. We were pinched and poked and told to bend over and when we
were done we left the room to shouts and applause. I was led back up to the
bathroom and Sir Rapist bathed me himself and told me to just breathe and try to
take as much as possible. Sir came in and laughingly told me that I had a really
good chance and to just win and left. I was oiled and dressed only in a hood
with the long tail and a high posture collar and high-heeled thigh high boots.
Sir Rapist led me down to the same medical arena room as the day before and
there were 5 huge wooden chairs up on the stage where the judges sat earlier.

	I noticed that sticking up from the seats of the chairs were two wooden
dildos sticking out of holes and coming out of the top was a thick wire with a
huge rubbery dildo to suck on. I realized that this would be easy considering I
had bigger things in me but I didn't want to get too overconfident. We were each
placed in front of the chairs facing it and an announcer told the audience that
Sir Max had really out done himself this year and Max stood up from behind the
chairs and everyone cheered.

	"Let's have a look Max," the announcer said and Max ducked behind one of
the chairs and its machinery started with a slight whir. The dildos started
going up and down through the holes in the seats and they were definitely bigger
than anything I had ever taken. I took a deep breath and watched it going up and
down as Max hit another switch and they went up and down faster. He hit another
switch and a thick liquid started to ooze out of them. Max kept oiling the
machinery behind the chair as the cocks were fucking the air at an alarming
rate. One of the slaves next to me started to hyperventilate and her handler
just whipped her ass hard and told her to calm down. She finally did and I
looked back to see the chair shutting down and the cocks being placed in the
start position. I breathed deeply and just knew I could do this for Sir, and all
that money and the possibility of being trained by Vlad and just to be proud of
something in my life. I heard the announcer start to say that it was time for
the initial penetration.

	Sir Rapist led me up to the first chair and turned me with my back to
the chair and I looked over and saw that all the slaves were in the same
position. The announcer said that all the handlers had their own techniques and
that they would be in charge of the binding as well as the initial insertion.
Sir Rapist told me to turn around and step up onto the chair and turn around and
face him. I did and then I was told to straddle the cocks and crouch down until
the huge one was at my ass hole. Sir Rapist reached up and guided the monster
cock into me as I sat down onto the chair. He then tied my hands down to the
armrests and my legs spread open to the legs of the chair. He whispered if it
was in the right spot and I said I needed to go back a little and he pushed me
back and tied my chest to the back of the chair and asked if I was ok. I nodded
and he reached for the hanging dildo and he shoved it down my throat.

	The announcer asked if all the slaves were ready and the jockeys all
answered, Yes," as he checked the time and said, "Ok Max...3...2...1...go." I
felt the machine start to whir and the cocks went slowly in deeper and deeper
until I felt nothing that I've ever felt. It was incredible and I just sat back
and breathed through the amazing feeling in my body. I instantly started to cum
and I was being pointed and laughed at as people started to applaud and make
bets on all the slaves. The announcer started to read the bets off explaining
that there was a long way to go but the bets still came in by force as my holes
were worked with the chair. I loved it and wanted it harder as I knew I could
win this no matter what that other slut's hole looked like. I loved this, I
craved it, Sir trained me just for this and I can win it for him. I looked at
him for the next couple of hours until I fell asleep to the rhythm of the chair.

	 I awoke to the chair going harder and I realized the announcer was
saying, "Just 6 hours and already some losers for the auction," and they were
removing two of the slaves from their chairs and another was screaming to be let
go. I just knew I could win this and just then I felt a squirt of juice inside
me and I reveled in the wetness and ecstasy throughout my body and I moaned. I
looked up at Sir Vlad and winked and sucked the dildo deeper into my mouth and
started to hump the chair more as it fucked me. He smiled and whispered to the
announcer and the announcer said that he had just been asked to turn the machine
up higher. Max laughed behind me and I felt it going in harder and deeper. I
moaned and writhed my body, breathing through the dildo and fucking the chair
along with it fucking me. I looked at Sir and he nodded his head smiling as I
started to bounce on it harder moaning louder. The crowd was going nuts as I
kept it up throughout the day until one of the slaves in the other chair spit
out the dildo and begged to be let out. They took her away as the announcer
laughed and the crowd went crazy. I kept breathing through the cocks and telling
myself to relax my muscles as I felt the lube squirt out and cool me down. Sir
Rapist saw I was having trouble and he poured some water on me and I nodded.

	At 12 hours the announcer called it and the machines stopped and we were
taken to the bathroom together where we shitted and pissed, and were bathed, fed
and watered. We were then taken back and replaced on two chairs. The cheering
started up again as I felt revitalized with the new oils in me. Sir Rapist
checked that I was ok and I looked right at Sir and he seemed to ask if I was
ok. I nodded and started to feel the speed go back up to where it was before we
left. I breathed hard and got back into the rhythm of the cocks and started to
feel myself cum. The cheering started up loud as the announcer starting telling
people that they already lost because of their time choices and people were
handing Sir all this money. I came over and over as I concentrated on relaxing
and taking it all in as it got faster and faster. Sir Vlad just watched with
concentration as I humped into the cock as it fucked me so hard and fast. I
wanted to touch myself so bad as I felt the lube shoot up inside me. 15 hours
was called and I started to feel tired again so I tried to sleep through all the
moaning of the crowd getting fucked and sucked by slaves. It started to get me
so horny that I sat up in the restraints and felt my own wetness mixed with the
lube. I came again hard and then drifted off into sleep.

	I woke to the screaming crowd as the slave next to me was carried off
and the announcer was screaming, "23 hours...she went 23 hours and she probably
wants more!" The chair was turned off and Max and Sir Rapist lifted me off the
chair and Sir walked up and they congratulated and hugged him. He reached down
and picked me up and carried me up to the bathroom and bathed me. He didn't say
a word until he told me to get into a big fluffy bed then he said, "You are to
be sold tonight does that bother you whore." "No Sir," I told him. He told me I
did very well and that I made him a lot of money and that he's going to put a
lot of it into my account. He said, "A slave with a big bank is worth more,
you'll be taken care of and never hurt do you understand?" "Yes Sir," I said and
he left the room.

	Food was brought to me and I was massaged and pampered all day and
night. The next day Sir Rapist came in and I was dressed only in a very high
posture collar and he hooked a leash to me and I was led naked downstairs to the
packed ballroom. There were a bunch of slaves waiting with me to get sold on the
side and one was getting bid on on-stage. "50 bucks poor thing she might be
ending up with dogs," someone said behind me. One from the chair event went up
and she was walked around and told how much money she had and who her master was
and I recognized the bidder. It was the weird guy from the backyard who was
spitting on me, the really scary guy that fucked me at Sir Cole's poker game. He
bid 500 dollars for her but she had a nice hole. Finally after some other slaves
I was brought up and the crowd cheered. The announcer listed my money and
qualities and the fact that I won the whole event and he started the bidding at
$1000. I saw Horse Master and some other familiar faces bid on me as I was poked
and told to turn and bend over. The bid was at $2500 and I was told to dance and
just when the horse Master was going to get me Sir Vlad bid $5000 and the others
backed off. I was led to Sir and he led me to Sir Vlad and they exchanged money
and bowed. Sir Vlad led me to his table and had me sit at his heal and he fed me
from his dish.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Subher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





