BDSM Library - Making The Chef Pay




Making The Chef Pay
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A disgruntled employee holds Cleo for two days in her restau�ant.  Her body is used for his pleasure.  Cooking instruments were never meant to be used like this.
Author: Powerone
Title: Making the Chef Pay
Part: Chapter 1
Summary: A disgruntled employee holds Cleo for two days in her restaurant.  Her
body is used for his pleasure.  Cooking instruments were never meant to be used
like this.
Keywords: M/F, nc, anal, oral, toys, reluc, humil, bdsm

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the writer at
controlher@hotmail.com.  See other stories written by Powerone.

Chapter 1-Late at Night

	Cleo was on her knees, her legs spread so wide her panties began to
tear.  Her knees were tied to the base of one of the metal preparation tables
with rope holding them pinned to opposite ends.  Another rope around her waist
held her pinned to the middle shelf, while a final rope was tied tightly around
her neck, pinning her head to the top counter.  Her arms were pulled up high and
then back behind the top counter, thrusting her breasts out, offering them to
her assailant.

	Her head was beating hard against the counter top as her assailant
fucked his big cock in and out of her mouth.  Her hazel eyes pleaded with her
assailant but he paid her no heed.  She was just another fuck toy, needing to be
punished.  His cock grew harder as he heard her choking and gasping on the cock
forcing itself down her throat.  He had started out slow, showing her how to
suck his cock, how to run her tongue up and down it, how to take it down her
throat.  She had complied willingly, the whisk shoved into her mouth showed her
he meant business.  Now he wanted to cum.  And cum hard.  He was fucking her
face with all of his strength, pushing his stomach into her lips, smashing them
into her teeth, blood covering his cock as he fucked her.  She would have to
pay.  Pay for fucking with him.  And he had another whole day to do it and a
kitchen full of instruments to use on her tender body.  When he finished with
the cunt, she would always think of cooking in a new light.

	It had started out to be a good day for Cleo.  She was the Executive
Chef at Victoria Island's most famous restaurant.  Cleo loved Canada, her
husband and her had moved to Victoria Island when she got an opportunity to be
executive chef at one of the most prestigious restaurants on the island.  Her
husband was an accountant and since he worked for a large Canadian firm he could
transfer to any location.  Cleo was young for an executive chef at such a
renowned restaurant.  At twenty-five she had surpassed most of her peers. 

	While she enjoyed her job, her home life was not as satisfying.  Cleo
was 5'7" tall, 155 pounds with a pair of 38C's.  She was of Portuguese descent,
dark skin, lovely hazel eyes and a pair of succulent lips that were made for
sex.  When you saw her smile, all you could think about was those lips wrapped
around your cock, those hazel eyes watching you as you fed her your big cock,
that innocent face that just begged "fuck me, hurt me."  Her sex life with her
husband had diminished to almost nothing.  The only way she could get him to
fuck her was to seduce him.  Even when he did fuck her, it always left her
unfulfilled.  She was not sure what, she just knew that there must be something
more.

	The day had started out good.  It was the last day of the week, the
restaurant closed on Mondays.  Her husband had to go out of town for two days so
he would not be home until Tuesday so she could go home and relax.  When her
husband was out of town she would get on the Internet and seek out sex stories. 
One of her favorite authors was Powerone.  She loved how all of the women in his
stories only purpose were to please the men.  To do whatever they wished, when
and how.  It did not make a difference if it involved pain or pleasure.  To
please man.  She would have time to lay on the bed, her vibrator in her pussy,
masturbating herself to one of many cums from reading his stories.  She could
feel herself beginning to get wet when she thought about it.  She must put it
out of her mind.  She had more important things to do. 

	Michael, one of the assistant cooks was chronically late or absent and
he was already one hour late when he came in.  He breezed around the kitchen
like it was nothing.  Michael was in his mid-forties, dirty blonde hair, good
build but he had an attitude.  He did not like women, or at least working for a
woman.  This makes it tough when your boss is a woman, an aggressive women at
work.  But that did not stop Cleo from looking at him.  She caught him eyeing
her many times and she noticed the bulge in his pants.  A very big bulge.  Today
would be different.  Cleo was going to fire him.  He had only worked for the
restaurant for two months, his absenteeism and lateness record was terrible. 
When she confronted him there was a big blow out.  Luckily the restaurant was
not open yet, the shouting heard throughout the building.  Cleo held her own. 
After an extended time she finally got him to leave with a promise to have his
final check ready before closing.  He finally had calmed down enough, even
though she could still see the rage in his eyes, he left, promising to return
later for his check.  He said he would need it, he would be leaving town tonight
since he no longer had a job.

	As soon as he left, Cleo went from one crisis to another but took care
of each in her commanding way.  The day flew by, the customers coming and going,
the kitchen staff working even better then usual without Michael.  The day was
almost over, the last of the help had just left.  She locked the door behind
them and went back to her office.  She had about 1/2 hour of paperwork to do
before she would go home.  She liked the peace and quiet of an empty restaurant. 

	Michael had been watching the restaurant for the last two hours.  They
had closed over and hour ago and he watched through the windows as the help
cleaned the restaurant for the next day.  The restaurant was at the end of a
dead end street, located prominently on one of the many public parks in Victoria
Island.  Once nightfall came and the restaurant closed, it became deserted.  He
had heard Cleo tell the hostess that her husband was to be out of town today and
tomorrow and she was going to enjoy her day off alone.  He counted the employees
as they left until he knew the final one was gone.  He would give her ten
minutes until he would knock on the door to get his check.

	He was going to get his revenge on the cunt.  She had fired him in front
of the others, embarrassing him.  She would have to pay for that.  He would have
quit soon anyway.  They would start asking about his name, or at least the phony
one he gave them as soon as payroll reports were filed.  They always did.  He
would end up quitting instead of telling them his real name.  They would fire
him anyway had they known his real name, they would not hire convicted felons. 
Especially ones with records for rape, sodomy and kidnapping.  He had done ten
years for the last one, prison overpopulation giving the system a chance to
throw him out early.  It was almost worth it.  They had only caught him for one. 
And it was only because the mother complained.  Most of the others were too
embarrassed to admit that they were raped or sodomized.  How do you tell your
husband that some stranger fucked you in your asshole and made you cum?

	Michael went to the front door, putting down his bag next to the door. 
He was already packed and ready to leave town once his work was finished with
Cleo.  His bag also contained various things he needed tonight.  A good supply
of rope.  He would improvise with the rest of the toys.  There were more then
enough instruments in the kitchen that could be inserted into Cleo's various
orifices to make her cum.  And he would make her cum.  Over and over.  He
knocked on the glass door, seeing the light come out of the office in the rear,
illuminating the dining room.  Cleo came up to the door, seeing Michael standing
there, her face trying to hide the fear she felt.

	"It's late, Michael, I will have your check on Tuesday," she yelled
through the glass.

	"You said tonight and that's the law.  I'm leaving town now," lifting
his bag to show her, "and I need my check.  C'mon, you already fired me, give me
my money so I can catch the next bus."

	Cleo knew he was right.  She had forgotten his check.  It was the law
that if you were terminated, you must pay the employee within 24 hours.  Let's
get this crap over with and get rid of him, she thought.  "Give me 2 minutes and
I will be back with your check."

	"O.K., thanks."  Michael smiled as he saw her walk back to her office. 
What an ass on the bitch.  Wonder what she will think about my cock up her
asshole.

	Cleo went back to her office and grabbed the checkbook and made out the
check, thinking more about getting home and her day off.  She grabbed the check
and went back to the front door, her keys in her hand.

	She put the key in the door and unlocked it, opening it a little over a
foot wide and put her hand out with the check in it.  "Here you go, your
check........" Suddenly she was pushed back, Michael throwing his weight behind
the door, Cleo falling on the floor on her backside, her skirt riding up her
thighs.  "What the fuck...."

	"Shut up cunt," a revolver pointed at her face.  She could not make out
much of his face, the dining room already darkened, but there was no mistake
about the gun.  It was pointed directly in front of her face.  He grabbed her by
the hair and pulled her up until she was standing.  "You fucked with the wrong
person, bitch.  You gotta pay for that.  Now lock the door."

	Cleo felt herself pushed over to the door and she nervously locked the
door, almost unable to put the key in the lock.  She was scared.  Michael was
not the type of person to fuck with.  "If you just leave now, I wouldn't call
the police.  Otherwise, you're going to be in trouble."

	"Listen, Cleo.  I'm a convicted felon.  I gave you a phony name and I
spent ten years in the slammer for rape, sodomy and kidnapping.  And that wasn't
the first.  There were many more.  Never got caught for them.  You're goin' to
pay for fucking with me.  I know your fuckin' faggot husband will be gone for a
few days and with the restaurant closed tomorrow, we've gotta couple of days
before anyone even knows your missing.  We're going to play and play hard.  I'm
going to fuck you so hard and so many times, you wouldn't even be able to walk
for a week.  If you cooperate, you will live.  If not, they'll find your naked
body over in the corner on Tuesday and I will be out of the country before they
even figure out it was me.  If you want to live you'd better learn to please me
real quick.  I'm gonna hurt you, but you will survive.  Next time you will think
twice about who'd you fuck with.  Now into the kitchen.  I got a big cock just
waitin' for you."

	Cleo felt the gun in her back as she was pushed into the kitchen.  He
was right, nobody was expecting her for a couple of days.  The restaurant was
secluded from the main street and nobody would come into work until Tuesday, two
days from now.  She knew she would have to do whatever was necessary to survive. 
At least until she could figure out how to get away.  She was a lot smarter then
he was, she would find a way to get the upper hand.  She always did.  Cleo
pushed through the double doors into the kitchen, Michael closely behind her,
the gun pushing into the middle of her back.  The doors closed behind them with
a swoosh, now trapped into the back room of the restaurant, away from the
windows.

	"Now, we can do this the hard way or we can do it the easy way.  I
personally like the hard way better, but it's up to you."  Michael's hand
reached around her waist, pulling her up against him, his crotch rubbing up
against her ass cheeks.  "Can you feel that cock.  Most women wouldn't fuck me
because it's too big.  No cock is too big, just too small a pussy.  But you
ain't got a choice.  You're goin' to take it everywhere.  Now we can fuck or I
will hurt you first and then we will fuck.  Then maybe I'll hurt you anyway. 
You can scream all you like.  It ain't fuckin' unless it hurts.  And you're
screamin' will make my cock harder.  Now on your knees in front of the metal
prep table.  You're goin' to learn how to suck a cock the right way."

	Cleo was pushed over in front of the metal table.  Hands on her
shoulders pushed her to the ground until she was on her knees, her face level
with his groin.  She could see the bulge in his pants and she felt it when he
pushed against her ass.  It was big.  Much bigger then her husbands.  She knew
it was going to hurt her when he fucked her.  She saw him go into his bag and
bring out a bunch of rope.  Oh, God, he was going to tie her up.  This was going
to be harder then she thought.  If she was tied, she had no chance to get away
and she would be vulnerable to whatever he wanted to do to her.  Rough hands
grabbed her wrist and wrapped a cord around one, pulling it tightly, almost
cutting off the circulation in her hand.  Another rope to the other wrist and he
now threw them through the middle shelf onto the other side. 

	"Don't move, cunt."  Michael moved to the other side and retrieved the
two ropes and began to pull them.  "Put your arms up," watching as she complied. 
What a cunt, once you showed them who was boss they became real submissive.  Let
you do anything to 'em.  He pulled on the ropes, pulling her arms behind her
head, watching as they pulled towards him.  He couldn't wait until they were
tied.  He knew it would leave her tits pushed up high on her chest.  Just
waiting for him.  "Keep your knee's on the floor, bitch." 

	Cleo felt her arms aching from being pulled behind her, forcing her body
to arch up.  She felt her breasts straining her blouse as her back was arched. 
She began to get off her knees as her body was arched higher and higher.  She
heard his command, quickly lowering her body to her knees again, arching her
back higher to accommodate the pull on her arms.  She felt the top button of her
blouse pop open, her breasts pushed upward.  She felt the ropes being tied, her
arms now securely behind her, her body strained in the bondage.

	Michael moved to the front of the table, gleaming as he saw her
kneeling, her tits pushed out, the top button undone, her cleavage showing.  He
looked down at her trembling body, "nice tits, goin' to get to know them real
nice."  He grabbed another rope and bent down over her body.  He whispered in
her ear, "you're goin' to look real good in rope, love a cunt all tied up. 
That's the way all cunts should be, naked and bound.  Ready to be fucked."  He
grabbed another rope and threw it around her waist, dragging both ends onto the
middle shelf.  "Now don't go nowhere, cunt," he laughed.  He got up and went to
the other side of the table again.  "Suck in a deep breath, bitch, it's goin' to
be your last."  He pulled on both ends of the rope and felt them tighten up.  He
heard her gasping as the rope pushed into her stomach.  He tied them both to the
end.  "Now, don't you look pretty, all nice and tight."  He watched as she took
shallow breaths, the rope pushed deep into her stomach, restricting her
breathing.

	"I can't hardly breathe, it's too tight," she begged, her eyes wide open
in terror as he stood over her again. 

	"You'll breathe when I tell you to.  I own you bitch, for the next two
days.  You're going to fuck and suck until I'm tired of you.  Now let's get you
spread open for me, baby.  Then you can start suckin' dick, big dick."  He moved
down to the floor again, rope in his hand again.  He loved tying bitches up. 
Loved spreading them open, hearing their cries of pain, begging for him to
release them.      

	Cleo's chest rose and fell, taking short breaths as the ropes restricted
her breathing, her breasts heaving on her chest.  He was next to her face again
as she saw more rope.  Oh, God, how much rope does he have.  She felt his large
hand grab her left leg, hand on the inside of her thigh, under her skirt.  She
felt it tighten, a moan of pain escaping from her lips.

	"Great thighs bitch, nice and firm.  You must work out.  You gonna need
it.  I going to bend your body every way I can.  I like my women naked and
bound.  Stops any arguments about what I'm goin' to do."  He pushed out on her
thigh, watching as her left knee slid along the floor, pushing out toward the
table leg, a gleaming stainless steel projection rising from the floor. 

	She felt her crotch splitting as her leg was pulled wide.  The large
hand took the rope and ran it around her thigh and the table leg, three times,
each time pulling tight until she could not feel anything in her toes.  He moved
over a bit and grabbed her right thigh, his hand rubbing the silky skin harshly. 

	"This is gonna hurt a little, bitch," he laughed as he began pulling her
right thigh outward toward the other table leg.  "You gonna have to spread real
wide for me, cunt."

	Cleo tried to shuffle forward or back as her legs were spread wide.  She
felt her panties pushing deeper into her pussy as they stretched.  Another shove
and she felt the silk relax, finally tearing as they stretched wide.  She could
feel cool air from the floor rise up between her legs. "AAAWWWW, you're going to
rip me up the middle."

	Michael looked at her face, the pain showing as her legs were spread
wide.  He hooked the rope around her thigh and table, three times, tightly
binding her to the table leg.  He looked back at her and his cock hardened. 
Bound to the table, a rope around her neck pulling her head back, another around
her waist holding her tightly to it and finally on her knees, her legs spread
obscenely to the legs.  "You look fuckable, Cleo, a real slut.  Now I'm going to
teach you who's the boss.  Then I'm gonna fuck your face and fill you with a
load of my cum.  The first of many." 

	Michael went over to the drawer and pulled out the metal whisk.  It was
a large one, about a foot long and the end was shaped like a light bulb, the
metal rising out from the handle, expanding wider until they stood out almost
three inches wide.  It was used for rapidly whipping mixtures, but Michael had
other ideas for it.  He had many ideas for the cooking instruments in the
kitchen and Cleo would not like any of them.  Most would make great instruments
for probing the intimate openings of a female.  He poured some olive oil that
was on the counter onto it.  "See how nice I am, slut.  Gonna grease it up for
you a little.  Now this is just a little reminder of what could happen if I feel
even a tiny bit of your teeth on my cock.  You're gonna suck my cock, or I
should say, you're gonna swallow my cock.  If you fuck up, I'm gonna heat this
whisk next time and then push it into your mouth.  You wouldn't be biting
another cock after that.  Now open up real wide, I'm gonna give you a lesson." 
He put his fingers over her nose, pinching down tightly on it.  He watched as
Cleo kept her lips tightly closed.  "I like a bitch that fights.  But you gonna
lose.  I can wait all day until you run out of air.  Or I can do this," his fist
flying down to her stomach, pushing harshly into her tender flesh, a whoosh
escaping from her lips as the air was forced rapidly from her mouth.  He pushed
the whisk against her lips, watching as her lips began to spread wide to accept
the metal instrument.

	Cleo could not catch her breath.  Her breasts were rising up and down,
her lungs trying to fill themselves, the rope preventing it.  She began to get
dizzy from lack of air and her stomach was turning over and over from the brutal
punch.  When she thought it could not get any worse she felt Michael pushing the
whisk into her mouth.  Her lips began to spread, the oil making it slide further
into her mouth.  "NNNNGGG," she managed to spit out of her mouth before the
whisk began to win the fight and her lips began to spread over the edges of it. 
It felt like the corners of her mouth were going to tear as her mouth opened
wider then it ever had to before.  She had sucked cock before, but nothing this
big was ever placed in her mouth.  "AAAGGWWW," her body jerked as the whisk
popped in her mouth, her lips now closing over it.  "AAGGGHHHH," Michael pushing
on it, forcing it further into her mouth, pushing her tongue aside like it was
butter.  Over half of it was in and the pressure continued as more and more of
the metal instrument was pushed in.  A final push and Cleo choked as the whisk
pushed against the back of her mouth, her mouth now a gaping hole, her cheeks
puffed out, her lips almost cracking as they stretched.   She felt Michael begin
to twirl it in her mouth, the metal scraping along the inside of her cheeks, the
metal mashing against her teeth, her lips beginning to cut from the metal over
her dry, cracked lips.


	"You see what happens to cunts that don't listen.  You fuck with me or
even knick my cock in your mouth, I'm gonna heat this fucker up and shove it
back inside your mouth.  You wouldn't be able to eat for a month.  You going to
suck my cock like a good little whore?  Shake your head yes."

	Cleo shook her head up and down, the whisk hurting as it moved inside
her mouth.  Anything to stop the pain.  If she had to suck a cock, it would not
be the first time. 

	"Good girl," pulling the whisk from her mouth slowly, watching her
cringe in pain as her lips had to spread wider again.  He saw her panting for
air, her tongue moving around the inside of her mouth again.  He unbuckled his
belt, pulled down his zipper and let his pants fall to the floor.  His briefs
stood out hard in front of him, his cock barely confined in them.  He pulled his
briefs to the floor and his cock popped out.  He saw her eyes widen in fear. 
Not many women could take a cock his size.  But she did not have a choice.  His
hand stroked the ten-inch cock, the circumcised head over two inches in
diameter, an angry red.  His cock was not built for fucking, it was built for
punishing.  And Cleo was going to get two days of it in every hole she had. 
Yeah, he was goin' to like this cunt.  He liked them when they screamed.  He put
his hand under her chin, lifting her head up until her mouth was in front of his
cock.

	"No, please, that's too big, please," but she knew that he was going to
do whatever he wanted to her.  Her lips were only inches from the big head,
already pre-cum was leaking from its head.  Her head was being held, it was not
going to be a blowjob, he wanted to fuck her face.  She shuddered as the hot
cock was placed on her lips.  Her tongue came out in response to her dry lips
but as soon as it touched the tip of his cock she felt it jump on her lips.

	"Now you behave, cunt.  Now kiss it real nice, that's good," feeling her
hot lips touch the end, feeling his cock shudder in response.  "Real good, suck
a little more in your mouth, yeah," pushing his hips forward, pushing the big
head until it was swallowed in the hot confines of her mouth.  It felt good,
having her hot breath blowing on the tip.  He could feel some cum leaking out,
there's more of that for you bitch, he thought.  "Get it nice an' wet, run your
tongue over it real good.  Yeah, you sucked dick before haven't, I bet you think
you're a real cocksucker.  You've only sucked little dicks, wait until ya' get
this monster down your throat.  You'll always remember my cock."  He pushed his
cock further into the hot confines of her mouth.

	Cleo's lips were stretched over the big cock in her mouth, her tongue
running over the hot tool as she flicked the tip, tasting the cum already
leaking out.  Lots of girls didn't like the taste of cum, but not Cleo.  She
loved it.  Loved to swallow it.  She felt more of it pushed into her mouth, her
tongue shoved out of the way with brute force.  She had sucked cock down her
throat, but that is when she controlled it.  And it was never this big.  The
biggest was nine inches, but she couldn't even take all of that.  The hands
gripped her head tighter and began to push down on her face, forcing her mouth
to engulf the huge cock pushed between her lips. 

	"That's enough of being nice, don't want a blow job, I'm goin' to fuck
your face."  He looked down at her hazel eyes, now wide open in fear.  Her lips
were wrapped tightly around his cock, stretched wide to accept its girth.  "Take
your last deep breath, cunt, I got some cock to feed ya."  He heard her suck in
a deep breath through her nose, she's learning he thought.  He began to pull her
head down, his hips forward, slowly forcing his cock deeper into her mouth.  He
wanted to take her slow, to let her feel his power as he face-fucked her.  He
felt his cock hit the back of her mouth, a gag coming from her stretched lips. 
"That's the end of the easy part, now comes the fuckin'.  Open up that throat,
it will make it easier.  Gag if it makes it easier, either way it's goin' in,
way in."  A flick of his hips sent another inch of cock down her throat.  He saw
her eyes widen, tears forming in the corner of her eyes, her throat choking on
the cock as it plunged into her defenseless throat.  It felt good, the gagging
and choking massaging his cock in the confines of her throat.  "Here's some
more, cunt," his hips pushing in another inch of hard cock.  She had over six
inches of cock in her mouth, not much more then half.  "Gotta long way to go,
bitch, much more cock for you," this time his hands pulling her head down onto
his cock, feeding her another inch. 

	Gagging and choking sounds came from Cleo's mouth, muted by the huge
cock protruding from her lips.  Tears were running down her face now, her throat
being rubbed raw by the cruel cock.  She was hyperventilating through her nose,
unable to breathe through her mouth.  Her head was pulled up, as he forced her
lips down over the cock, feeding her some more of the cock.  It tore into her
throat.  His eyes watched her, no compassion in them, just plain lust.  He
pulled her off and then back onto the cock in her mouth.  Her throat was emptied
then just as fast it was plugged up before she even had a chance to catch a
breath.  He tugged her head down, jerking it up and down on his cock, each time
feeding more and more of his cock into her mouth and throat.  Her throat had a
burning sensation from the friction of the cock plunging in.  She tried to move
her tongue over the cock, but it was too big, filling her mouth, pushing her
tongue uselessly aside.  She hoped she could get him to cum soon.  At least that
would sooth the burning pain.  And she could breathe again.

	Michael looked down at her.  "Not miss high and mighty boss lady
anymore, not with my big cock in your mouth," jerking his hips and forcing the
last two inches of cock in her throat.  He had to hold her head tightly, his
fingers digging into the side of her scalp as she tried to escape the brutal
face fucking.  Her lips were pressed up against his stomach, his balls resting
on her chin.  "Women wouldn't talk so much if they always had a big cock in
their mouth," jerking her mouth up and down on his cock, masturbating his cock
with her face.  "Grab a mouthful of air, it's the last your going to get until I
cum, bitch," slowly pulling his cock from her throat.  He could feel it clamping
tightly onto his hard meat as it slowly dragged from her dry throat, a popping
noise ringing out in the room as it came out of her throat.

	Her tongue ran over it, finally able to move, bathing it, getting it wet
before it plunged back into her oral cavity.  "AAAAAHHHHHH, AAAAWWWW," her mouth
opened wide, sucking in a breath of air, her tongue tasting the cum leaking from
the tip on her tongue.  It sat heavily, salty and pasty in her mouth.  "MMMMM,
NNNOOOO, she cried out, her eyes looking at his, a smile on his face as he
looked down at her.  She had felt his foot push between her spread legs, the toe
of his boot rubbing up and down her pussy slit, her panties, already torn,
pushed aside.

	Michael looked down at his shoe, the tip covered with a slimy sheen. 
"Will ya' look at that, that's pussy juice.  Cleo, yah like suckin' cock, it
makin' you hot?"  He saw her face turn red in embarrassment, those big, innocent
hazel eyes pleading with him.  "You wanna cum with me, you want me to make you
cum, is that what you want, Cleo?"  His toe returned to her spread leg, pushing
aside her skirt to one side, exposing a large expanse of naked thigh.  He ran
his toe along her naked thigh, higher and higher, feeling her body trembling as
he moved closer and closer to her spread pussy.  "Is this what you want?"  He
pressed the sole of his foot over her spread pussy and pushed hard, his weight
forcing his rough shoe between her spread pussy lips, smashing onto her pink
insides.

	Cleo shook her head as best as she could, his cock still pinning her
head to the table.  It hurt when his hard sole rubbed her pussy raw.  She shook
her head again in panic as he did it again.  It hurt, hurt bad.  His sole of his
work boot was ribbed, rubbing her delicate pussy.

	"If you want me to stop, take my cock in your throat.  Then I'll rub
nice and slow and make you cum.  You want that, you wanna cum?  He pushed on her
pussy again, her body jumping in pain.  He felt her move her head forward, his
cock slowing being engulfed by her hot mouth again.  "You're learnin', take
more, you gotta take it all in again."  He watched as she strained forward, his
cock pushing through the back of her throat again, her mouth opening wider again
as she gagged on the cock.  "Yeah, like that, like yah chokin' on my big cock."

	The rope around her throat began to tighten as she moved forward.  She
could feel the huge cock slowly expanding her throat again.  This time she was
being forced to do it herself.  She choked again, her stomach turning in pain as
her air supply was cut off again.  She pushed forward, the relentless cock
moving deeper and deeper inside her mouth and throat.  She pushed forward, the
rope on her neck tightening more, digging into her tender flesh.  She still had
two more inches of cock to go, feeling the prickly pubic hair rubbing against
her face.  "GGGGAAAGGGHH," her stomach turning.  His pubic hair began to push
into her mouth with his cock, mixing with her saliva, making her gag.  She felt
the toe return to her pussy, sliding from the bottom of her slit, up, spreading
her pussy lips brutally aside as they rough leather rubbed harshly against her
female flesh.  She felt it push against her vagina, the pressure increasing as
he pushed on his toe, attempting to push his boot into her vagina.  "MMMM,
NNNNNNN," shaking her head, pushing the last inch of cock into her throat,
hoping to make him stop, hoping to make him cum.  She felt the toe of his boot
turning, twisting, pushing on her vagina.  She felt her vagina slowly forced to
open as the pressure increased.  What was he going to do, shove his boot up her
vagina?  It wouldn't fit.  The pressure increased, she could feel her vagina
expanding outward as the rough leather pushed in.  It felt like her vagina was
over three inches wide, not wide enough for a shoe, least of all a leather work
boot, but bigger then most cocks she ever felt.  "MMMMMGGG," her eyes pleading
with him as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock, choking and gagging on
the huge cock embedded in her throat.  Anything to stop the boot.

	Michael looked down at Cleo.  "You're learnin' whose the boss, you're
suckin' my cock real good, you're a real good cocksucker.  If I knew you was
this good, I wouldda been fuckin' you sooner."  He pulled his boot from her
vagina and slid it harshly up her pussy slit until he came to her clit.  By
increasing the pressure and rubbing the toe of his boot back and forth, he
pushed her clit hood aside and exposed her delicate bud.  He rubbed the ribbed
sole over it.  He knew it wouldn't be able to take much of this abuse.  She
would cum real fast.  He grabbed her head again.  "Now for the fuckin', cunt,
make me cum."  He began to pull her head up and down, forcing his cock in and
out of her mouth and throat.  Faster and faster he pushed, her heading banging
on the table as he pulled her face off his cock.  He didn't care, she was
nothing but a cunt.  Someone to blow his wad into.  His boot moved harshly up
and down her pussy slit.  Faster and faster it went. 

	Cleo could feel her pussy was so wet.  The boot was masturbating her,
her legs spread wide, tied tightly, unable to move.  She could do nothing except
kneel on the floor as his cock banged her head into the table, her throat rubbed
raw by the cock that continually fucked in and out of her mouth, his stomach
banging on her lips, smashing them into her teeth.  He didn't care if he hurt
her, his eyes stared at her, a smile on his face as he banged her face faster
and faster.  She could taste the blood in her mouth, wetting his cock as he face
fucked her.  Her clit hurt.  Hurt bad.  Or hurt good, not sure which.  She did
not know how much more she could take.  Her mouth hurt, her pussy hurt, her legs
long ago lost all circulation and she could hardly breath.  She felt the boot
leave her pussy and then strike her spread pussy with his toe, her body jumping
to the sharp pain in her groin.  It continued to masturbate her again, rubbing
up and down, the pain mixing with the pleasure.  She could feel the cock in her
mouth grow, her lips stretching wider, her throat gagging again as more cock was
pushed into her throat.  She knew he was going to cum in her mouth.  He was
going to cum now.  She could almost feel it moving up the length of his cock as
it shot out into her throat, directly into her stomach.  He pulled out his cock
until it only rested in the back of her mouth.  It shot another load, this time
making her cough, cum shooting up into her nose, filling her mouth with his hot
cum.  She screamed as she began to cum.  Cum while being masturbated with a
boot.  Cum while bound and being face fucked.  It hit her body like a freight
train, tearing up from her abused clit, running through her nipples to shoot up
her spine to her brain.

	Michael pushed his boot into her cunt as he felt her body shudder.  He
knew she was cumming.  Cumming like a two-dollar whore.  He was filling her
mouth with his cum.  His first load while still in her throat.  He pulled out,
wanting to fill her mouth with his hot cum.  He watched her nose running, her
tears running down her face, cum leaking from her lips as they stretched tightly
around his cock.  He filled her mouth over and over, watching as she came all
over his shoe.  Shooting her pussy juice on his boot.  "Cum for me, bitch, cum
like the slut you are, drink my cum.  I've much more cum for you.  Much more." 
He pulled his softening cock from her mouth, traces of cum pulling into streaks
attached to her lips as he rested the tip on the edge of her lips, watching the
last traces of cum dripping down, slowly into her mouth.  Her tongue came out of
her mouth, lapping at his cock, lapping at the last of his cum.  Just like a
dog.  He felt her shudder one last time, his boot pulling from her pussy.  It
glistened from her pussy juice.  He had always heard that pussy juice made a
great shoe polish.  I guess he would find out.  He pulled his cock from her
lips, her head hanging down, cum running out of her mouth.  "That was good,
bitch, but we have so much more, so much more fucking.  And you have so many
more holes to use."  He pulled back from her as she slumped down in her bondage. 
He liked the way she looked.  Fucked.

To be Continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





