BDSM Library - Ravaged At The Creek




Ravaged At The Creek
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A nieve high school girl cuts school with a guy who has ideas, ideas the young virgin would not appreciate. But, neither of them sees.
Very heavy rape, vaginal, anal and oral.
This is heavy NC all the way,. If you don't enjoy that genre, don't read it.
This is copyrighted work, don't sell it or you will owe me.
Use it on free sights if you desire, just don't modify.
WARNING! NOT TO BE READ BY MINORS OR ANYWHERE EXPLICIT SEX IS ILLEGAL. IF YOU
ARE TO YOUNG, GET OUT OF THIS SITE AND GO SOMEWHERE APPROPRIATE.

Thetrapper@graffiti.net  wants to hear from more ladies. You have given me lots
of ideas, and told me what are purported to be true incidents. One of them is
told below...of course I expanded it a little and changed names to protect the
"innocent!"


LAST  WARNING!
I do not rape and do not condone rape. This is fantasy, nothing but fiction and
all rapes should be just that, fiction. There are to many girls out there
willing, and wanting to give up some pussy. No one but a coward would actually
cause the emotional and physical damage to a woman that this story depicts.
Please remember that!

Cathy, this story is for you...and I hope you can sit comfortably now!




Ravaged At The Creek

Swimming Hole Rape

It was the middle of the morning, a beautiful early fall day. You cold not guess
it was early fall except for a few leaves just starting to turn, the day
reflected the summer season they had just experienced. Hot, no wind, a day to
seek sun or a cool swimming hole.

He saw a movement in the edge of his field of vision, slowly; Jed swung the big
spotting scope to his right. "Whoa, look at that little sweetheart," he murmured
under his breath. He watched the girl prancing around in her skimpy two-piece
swimming suit. Slowly he cranked the magnification up to full power. She filled
the lens, the guy with her barely showing in the edge of the field of view.
"Shit, that is one fine looking little lady. Who's the dude with her?" he said
quietly to himself.

Jenny had to pee, really bad. She ran up to the outhouse at the edge of the
gravel parking lot. The door was locked. After futilely jerking on it several
times she noticed the sign that said closed for the season. She then realized
the county no longer expected swimmers to be hanging around; Rick had talked her
into skipping school and going up to the creek in the foothills for a swim. It
was only 9 O'clock and it was already 90 degrees. She knew she couldn't hold it
until she got down to the trees that lined both sides of the swimming hole.
"Rick, watch for cars, I have to pee and don't you look" she added. Quickly she
looked around; there was an opening in the woods about five feet into the low
bushes beside the outhouse. Looking around to see if Rick was watching and
giving a quick listen for cars, she dashed into the brush and crossed the small
clearing. Without hesitating she pulled the bottoms of her suit down and
squatted. She immediately let go with a strong yellow stream. Her bladder felt
so much better. "Shit, no paper," she said to herself. Her purse lay where she
dropped it, about five feet away. Cautiously she stood and side stepped to it.
Tissue paper peeked out of a side compartment. Squatting slowly as she looked
around, the beautiful teen reached down and wiped her lightly haired pussy.
Slowly, she stood up, reached down and pulled her bottoms up. "Damn, that tag is
still scratching me," she said out loud. Looking for Jack and not seeing him,
she quickly pulled the top down and pulled the cups towards her back. Being half
naked in the woods always made her a little nervous...and excited. Jenny
unsnapped the fastener and pulled the top off. A manufacturer's tag was
scratching her back. She grasped the tag firmly and pulled. The tag ripped off. 
Looking quickly around, she dropped the top and slid her hands under her breasts
and held them up to the sun. She had really developed in the last year. When she
turned 16 her breasts suddenly began to swell. At 17 they were a nice 34 B cup. 
She thought they were as big as a large peach, and shaped pretty much the same
too. "Ohh, ahh, yesss," she hissed as she kneaded the firm orbs and tweaked her
nipples while holding them up to the warm rays.

"Jenny, where are you?"  Rick was waiting on her. "Hang on, I'm almost done,"
she called back as she snatched up the top and put it over her firm sun warm
breasts. "Damn," she said out loud. She did not want to have him catch her
exposed. He was getting difficult to control. Several times now she had to fight
him to keep his hand out of her panties. Letting him feel her tits was great.
Her breasts were so sensitive, she could let him play with her tits then go home
and play with one of her breasts and fondle her clit and get off so hard that it
made her cry out. Him touching her tits first really turned her on, got her
damp, dripping wet between the legs. Jenny could hardly wait until she got the
opportunity to let the right guy at the right time spread her legs and do to her
what some of her girlfriends said was "heavenly!" Rick and her had been a steady
item for over three months now. All summer they had teased and flirted, made out
and one warm July evening she had let him touch her tits.

Rick was one of the BMOC jocks. He played football, basketball and wrestled. He
was just over 6 foot and had broad shoulders. His smile came easy and he was
nice to her. But, he was a little rough and pushy when they made out. That made
Jenny a little uneasy and she did not trust him completely. And there was his
reputation. He was somewhat of a bully and seemed to enjoy bumping and jostling
the smaller or younger guys around in the school halls. If one of the recipients
of his bullying stood up to him Rick would quickly slam the victim into a wall
or sink one of his big fists into the unsuspecting persons gut. Jenny had only
moved to this rural area six months ago. Her girlfriends clued her into Rick's
reputation when she started going out with him. Still, he was fun to be with,
paid lots of attention to her and she was managing to keep him under control.

"Motherfucker, shit, oh man, yes, yes, yes, I'm going to get me some of that
little cunt." Jed gripped the scope tightly, watched Jenny walk into the
clearing a hundred yards below him. He was at a perfect spot, across the road
and above the parking lot. He watched the bright yellow bottoms slide down, saw
her stand spread legged and look around, then squat. He even had a good view of
the light brown V between her legs and could see the golden stream squirt out
and splash to the earth in front of her wide spread knees. By the time she stood
up and warmed her breasts and began playing with them, Jed had his rigid cock in
his hand and was about to fire off a hot stream of his own.

He heard the kid call out to her that he wanted to get down to the creek.
"Jenny, nice name, nice tits, damn nice body, hope she's a nice fuck too," he
muttered to himself. Reluctantly her put his throbbing rod away and followed
them in the scope as they headed for one of the trailheads at the bottom of the
parking lot.  "Fucking A," he muttered as he saw them take the trail that headed
upstream to a large secluded pool. He swung the scope up and then down the road.
He could see for miles each way. No traffic and he had passed the other parking
lots; no one was up her today but these two. The road that went up stream had no
pullouts or parking lots, just one gravel road, seldom used and it had at least
a dozen connecting roads that led out of the area to several highways. His truck
was parked about a mile away.

Jenny and Rick swam and played for several hours. They had a lunch in a cooler
in the back seat and their clothes were in bags in the trunk. At noon they
headed up to the parking lot to eat lunch and then planned to sneak back to town
on a back road.

Jed swiftly and quietly loped back over the hills to his truck. While he ran he
formed a plan and ran over it several times in his mind. "Shit, that little
bitch is mine, I'm going to blow a load in her cunt, her mouth and her ass, Woo
wee, that is some prime little pussy. The truck was parked out of site behind
some trees about a half-mile from the main road. Jed had been planning on
hunting for deer in the area and was doing some early September scouting for the
late October hunt when he happened to stumble on the two unaware teens. He put
his scope behind the seat and got out his backpack. Quickly he checked the
contents and pulled several items out and discarded them on the floor. He kept
the camouflaged full-face balaclava, some light rope and a couple plastic
bottles of water. He reached under the drivers seat and grabbed a small cloth
bag . He opened the glove box and pulled out a digital camera and stuck it in
his shirt pocket. His large hunting knife was sheathed on his belt. "Damn, stop
and think, get everything you need," he said to himself. Before he headed down
the canyon he rummaged in the toolbox for a couple other items and stuffed them
in the pack too.

The heat was getting oppressive. Jed was hidden in the brush beside the
outhouse. He could look over about 20 feet and see the small clearing Jenny had
squatted in. He could close his eyes and see the beautiful teen pull her panties
down as she got ready to squat, could see her perfect breasts, the light brown
muff, the innocent face right there in his mind. She was a vision and he
intended to make her a reality. A reality he would plunge his swollen 8-inch
cock into...again and again and again. He knew from past experience he could
blow at least a half dozen nuts if he got the bitches to help with their
mouths...or if he thought about fucking them in the ass while he slowly forced
them to bend over.  "Damn," he said out loud.  He swore he would go off in his
pants at the slightest touch to his throbbing drooling cock. "Where the fuck are
they?" he muttered to himself. He passed the next half hour imagining Jenny
naked; her boyfriend tied up, her crying and begging for him not to hurt her,
not to hurt her boyfriend. In his mind he got her naked, forced her to her knees
by jerking down on her long brown hair. He could see her lips part as his large
egg size knob brushed up against her lips, the slit in the large shiny purple
head drooling pre cum.

He heard them coming long before they appeared. Now was the critical time, he
could not move to soon or to late. No one could show up, he had to keep both
teens under absolute control.

Rick opened up the trunk and pulled out Jenny's bag. They had suits on under
their school clothes when they arrived, now they had to change. Jenny quickly
headed back to the clearing she used earlier. Jack walked across the parking lot
in the opposite direction. His cock was still hard from looking at Jenny's tits.
She had let him talk her into going into the bushes at the swimming hole. He had
taken off her top and kissed and rubbed her breasts. It was heaven. He could
tell she was getting hot. Slowly, cautiously he had tried to slip his hands into
her bottoms. He had grazed her swollen lips and felt moisture when he saw her
eyes fly open and she had reached down and jerked his hands out of her bottoms.
They had headed back to the car then. Rick was nervous about trying to get his
hand on her pussy, Jenny chose to ignore the try and figured it was something
any guy in his spot and at the time would try. Still, he was big and tough and
could be hard to handle if he got insistent.

Jenny quickly looked around dropped her bag to the ground and pulled off her
top, then reached down and pulled the bottom of her suit down and kicked them
over to where her top lay. She stood there in the sunny clearing, a 17 years old
virgin, naked, feeling alive delightfully naughty and alive as she leaned back
with arms outstretched and let the sun beat down on her breasts, stomach... and
her pussy. Rick's playing with her breasts had made her hot. Being out in the
woods, her breasts so stimulated her pussy heating up and getting wet, it had
been such a wild and primal feeling. She had been a little quick and angry when
his finger slid down her wet crease...but it had felt so good! That is why she
had jerked his hand away. She could have easily let him pull her bottoms off and
have his way with her. Rick just was not the guy she wanted that first
experience with.

Jed slowly eased up behind the beautiful young teen. He looked down and saw how
tight and perfect her little ass was and almost went off in his pants. Silently
he clapped a hand over her mouth and jerked her back off balance. Her arms
dropped and started back to help her regain her balance. He wrapped his right
arm tightly around her, pinning her arms to her side. 

Jenny was sunning herself, thinking about how nice it would be to have the right
guy here at the moment. Her breasts throbbed, her pussy was swollen, aching and
wet. She shook herself out of her reverie knowing Rick would be getting dressed. 
She started to bend over to pick up her clothes bag.  Suddenly a hand clamped
tightly over her mouth, she was jerked backwards. She instinctively recoiled by
swinging her arms back and diving forward. In an instant, arms as strong as
steel bands wrapped around her and kept her arms pinned tightly to her sides.

"Mmmpgh," she could hear herself as she tried to scream. She tried to shake her
head and pull her arms out. She tried to kick back at her assailant. "Fucking
Jack, you bastard, let me go," she tried to scream at him as she futilely
struggled with her much stronger attacker.

"Shut the fuck up bitch, and don't fucking move or I will cut you up till you
look like road kill!" The message was hissed lowly into her right ear. She
wanted to try to turn and look but was immobilized by fear. The voice was not
Rick's.

Slowly, Jed backed the terrified naked young teen deeper into the woods.  Fifty
feet from the parking lot he suddenly pulled his hand from over her mouth and
stuffed a rag up to her lips. "Open!"  Terrified, Jenny opened her mouth and the
rag was stuffed in deeply. She was trying not to gag when suddenly her arms were
dragged behind her and tightly bound.

"Lets check this out," she heard. A large man, bigger than Rick, appeared
silently in front of her. Jenny felt her skin go cold. Her face got hot, burning
hot as the masked figure closely looked her up and down. She almost fainted when
he reached one hand up between her legs and started probing at her most intimate
spot as he held her tightly and immobilized by seizing a breast in the other
large hand. "Oh yeah baby, you're wet, hot and wet. Were you and the boyfriend
playing around down by the creek?"



"Hey, what the fuck is going on here?" Rick burst into the small clearing, anger
painted on his face, his fists balled up and fury in his voice. Jed didn't
answer. He suddenly kicked the younger man in the nuts. He didn't just kick him,
he drove the hard toe of his hiking boots deep into Rick's groin with all the
force he could muster. As Rick collapsed to the ground clutching his  balls in
both hands, Jed reached down and grasped him by the hair. Quickly he pulled the
gagging young man up off the ground and began to slap his face. Left, right,
left, right, left, right, the loud smacks rent the air in the little clearing.
Rick began to sob as hr clutched his throbbing testicles and tried to wrench
loose from the masked man's grasp. "Stop it, stop, please don't, it hurts,
please, don't," he begged. Jenny was shocked to see the hulking hunk, the star
athlete, the school bully she thought as so manly begging to make the man stop
slapping him. "Get up and fight, be a man, protect me," she said to herself.

"Fucking little pussy, give me your belt," Jed ordered. Whimpering and sobbing
as Jed dropped him to the ground, Rick quickly unfastened his belt and pulled it
out of the loops of his jeans. "Roll over sweetie," Jed ordered. Rick rolled
over onto his stomach, still clutching his throbbing nuts. From the time the
boot sunk deep into his groin he had forgotten all about the girl he loved, the
girl who expected him to protect her.

Jed shoved Rick back to a sitting position against a tree. His hands were
tightly bound behind his back with his own belt. Jed had pulled the young man's
pants down to his ankles to keep him from thinking about running. 

Suddenly he turned to Jenny. Again he looked her up and down, slowly he focused
on her tits...then her pussy. "Get on your knees honey, get on those knees and
open that sweet cocksucking little mouth, open up and suck my cock, suck me dry,
I need that hot little mouth right now!" he ordered.  Jenny staggered back a
step and looked around for a way to escape. She was trapped, naked, arms bound
behind her, no where to go, her so called "protector" whimpering and crying as
the mad man was telling her to give him oral sex. Jed grabbed Jenny by the hair
and roughly pulled the rag out of her mouth.

"Please, no, please, don't do this, I'm a virgin, I've never done that, please,
let me go, I won't tell, please, I'm begging you," she cried out. "Fucking
stupid little cunt, do you think I care your pussy is still unfucked or that you
don't know how to suck cock? That's why I'm here. I want a young cherry who
doesn't know how to suck cock or who has never been fucked. I guess that means
you never took it up the ass either, huh? Jed asked. "Sheeeeit, fuck me, damn, a
real honest to goodness fucking beautiful young cherry who never sucked a cock,
damn, what's the matter with the boys in your school honey, what's the matter
with Mr. Stud over there, he isn't man enough to get you on your knees or spread
your legs much less protect you, huh?"

"KNEEL, NOW YOU LITTLE CUNT," Jed screamed at the shaking girl. Jenny fell to
her knees rather than kneeling. She was so scared she thought she was going to
pee. Involuntarily she clamped down on her urethra so she would not wet all over
herself.

Suddenly the man's cock was in her face, it was huge, it looked to be at least
eight inches long and as big around as a banana. A weird thought flashed into
her mind, his cock looked like a big pink banana, it even had a curve but with a
shiny purple egg at the end. She shook her head, tried not to gag, this egg had
a slit at the end and it was drooling a clear liquid.

"Nooooo, please, no, please, don't do this to me, I'm begging you. Let me use my
hands, I'll do it voluntarily, please, let me give you a hand job and I won't
tell anyone, the police won't come looking for you, please, please!" SMACK;
Jenny's head flew around to the right. Through a haze she could see Rick sitting
against a tree, his pants to his ankles, hands bound behind him. He was
watching...open mouth, staring. Suddenly she understood what had happened, she
had been slapped. It felt like a car had hit her. She shook her head several
times and looked up at her assailant. He reached down and grabbed her hair and
pulled her face up to his hard cock. "Open up and start sucking girlie, don't
worry about what to do, I'll tell you what I want and you're going to get more
of what you just got if I feel teeth and you don't do what you're told."

Jenny slowly opened her mouth, tears ran down her cheeks. Jed slid his throbbing
cock up to her lips. "Lick the end with the tip of your tongue, yeah, that's it,
good job. Now pucker up and kiss it, yeah, now open and suck the head into your
mouth, yeah, great job. OK, now suck and slide your head forward, push forward
until you take it all in. Come on, faster, deeper!" 

Jenny was trying not to gag as the hot cock slid deeply into her mouth. It felt
hard but kind of soft and rubbery at the same time. She could taste a slightly
bitter salty flavor. His hand was in her hair helping her move forwards and then
pulling her back. The head was hitting her throat causing her to gag. Suddenly
he jammed the head into her throat.

"Ughh, umphh, gah, ack," retching sounds came from around the invading cock as
it cut off her air. Suddenly it was past the area that made her gag and
completely into her throat. Jenny could see pubic hair up against her eyes.  She
could feel the cock contract and expand, it throbbed in her mouth...and then she
felt liquid pouring down her throat. He was pumping sperm into her stomach!  She
wanted to throw up but couldn't. She felt the cock start to pull out of her
throat. It felt like it had been there for minutes, even though she knew it had
only been seconds. "Umphh, ack, uhhh," Jenny gasped air into her tortured lungs
as the big cock head lay hot and heavy on her tongue. It pulsed and squirted
it's heavy cream into her mouth. She barely got a breath of air when he shoved
deep into her throat again. She fought the need to gag and tried to hold her
breath. She could feel his pubic hairs brush up against her eyelids. One throb,
two throbs, three throbs and he pulled back to her mouth again. The hardness
started to go away, she could feel his cock shrinking in her mouth! The heavy
cream he had spurted into her mouth lay pooled up around her tongue. She could
feel most of it slowly flowing into her throat and dripping down into her
stomach. The rest was leaking out the corners of her mouth. She could feel the
sticky liquid slowly trickling down her chin.

"Fuck me, damn, girly you are one fine little cocksucker. Was that really your
first time?"  Slowly Jenny nodded her head to indicate it was her first time.
She couldn't talk with the cock in her mouth and she was afraid to pull back and
get it out. He could slap her faster than a snake could strike.

Slowly Jed pulled his softening cock out of her mouth. Cum leaked from the
corners of her mouth making white threads that ended in drips slowly stretching
and then falling from her chin.  He reached down with the digital camera and
snapped a picture of Jenny, eyes closed, a cock laying on her lips, cum dripping
from her chin..

"Get up, stand up and get over here," he ordered as he pointed next to the
helpless Rick." You too pretty boy, get up, come on hurry up," he gruffly
ordered.  When he had the two of them standing together he pulled up Rick's
pants and began to shove them towards the parking lot.

"Get in stud," Jed ordered as he pointed to the trunk. He pulled out the clothes
bags and shoved Rick up to the bumper. "Move, damn you, you little faggot, get
the hell into the trunk." As he shouted at Rick he began to shove him into the
opening. Jenny stood next to the car, looking around to see if any other
vehicles were approaching. She heard Rick cry out and looked quickly back to see
what had happened. Rick was half in the trunk and trying to lay down. He wasn't
moving fast enough for Jed and had been pushed roughly into the compartment. Jed
was kicking Rick in the buttocks and legs while he screamed at Rick to hurry up.
Rick finally fell into the trunk and pulled his legs in after himself. He curled
up into a fetal position. "Come here cocksucker, come on back here and look at
your boyfriend," Jed ordered. Jenny walked quickly over to the trunk and looked
at her helpless boyfriend. Rick lay curled up in the trunk, tears poured from
his eyes. He was crying! Jenny felt disgust flow through her in a wave. She had
been humiliated, forced to suck a rapists cock and swallow his cum, her naked
body was put on display, prodded and examined and He, her boyfriend, the guy she
expected to watch over her lay crying, no, sobbing like a baby.

"Hey baby, bend over and give me a little mouth action again," Jed ordered.
Jenny looked down and saw he had his hard cock out of his pants. Roughly he
grabbed her hair and jerked her forwards. She bent over quickly to avoid the
pain generated in her scalp by his brutal jerk. His cock was right in her face.
She could see Rick staring out at her. Reluctantly she opened her mouth and
accepted the hard penis. She licked the end and sucked hard on the bulky knob.
He jabbed in and out of her mouth quickly several times then ordered her to get
ready for a deep throating. Panicky, Jenny braced herself for the oral rape of
her throat again. The big shaft drove forcefully through her mouth, the egg
sized head popped past her tight throat opening and  headed towards her
stomach.. This time Jenny was ready. She wanted to gag but kept it under
control. Just before he rammed into her she took a deep breath. Suddenly he
pulled back from her throat and into her mouth. "Lick it clean, suck up that
dried cum, cocksucker'" her ordered.

Rick lay in the trunk. His wrists burned from the chafing of the tight belt that
bound him. He felt numb, in shock, helpless. Why had he let the guy kick him
like that, why did he cry when he was slapped? But the question that burned most
in his mind was why did he get hard...and cum in his shorts when he watched his
beautiful girlfriend forced to her knees and have to suck this mad man's cock.
He couldn't help himself. Fascinated by the large cock sliding over her lips he
had sat there and watched her cheeks work in and out as Jenny had sucked the
guys cock. He watched her as she shook and gagged when he rammed into her
throat. He shuddered and came when he watch the guy's cum squirt out the corners
of her mouth.  Now Jenny was bent over right in front of his eyes being forced
to suck the guy's cock again, and clean it with her mouth and tongue. Rick felt
his cock get hot, felt it rise up in the gooey mess in his shorts.

"Lets go sweetie, you got it nice and clean," Jed told her. He reached up and
grasped the trunk lid as he looked down at Rick. "We aren't going far pal. Just
up the road to a nice private place. Your girl wants to see what a real man does
when he gets a little beauty like her alone in the woods." Rick saw his
terrified Jenny standing naked with her hands bound behind her as the trunk
slammed shut.

Jed put Jenny in the front passenger seat and started the car. He circled the
gravel parking lot and stopped just before heading out onto the county road. No
traffic either direction. He had seen only one other vehicle up in this remote
area today, and he was behind the wheel of that vehicle now. "Girlie, you don't
need to watch where we are going, lean over and put your head in my lap," he
ordered. Reluctantly Jenny lay down on the seat and rolled over until her head
was in his lap. He was big enough that her head fit between his lap and the
steering wheel. "Oh darn, where are my manners," Jed chuckled. "Hey Ricky boy,
do you mind if your girlfriend sucks my cock as we take a little ride?" Jed
laughed again then yelled at Rick again. Ricky, don't make me stop the car and
beat you again. If it is ok for your girl to suck my cock, kick the floor three
times" Jenny heard the thump, thump, thump of Rick's feet pounding the floor.
She pulled back as Jed fished his rapidly hardening cock out of his pants. For a
third time she opened her mouth, sucked in the big head and began to lick and
suck on Jed's hard rod. At least this time he did not have a hand in her hair
and he wasn't able to jerk her painfully back and forth. "Jenny, listen up
darling. Go deep, take it into your throat about every tenth time you go down on
it. Don't make me punish you when we get to our private little spot," Jed told
her gruffly.

Jenny sucked on the hard shaft, licked the head and forced herself to take the
cock into her throat as ordered. She was terrified that she was going to be
raped and murdered, she could only hope that the man would be pleased with her
performance and not maim or kill her.

Rick lay in the trunk terrified too. He knew Jenny was going to be raped and
brutalized, their captor was not going to be satisfied with a blowjob. The way
he looked over Jenny's body, touched her breasts and had stroked her pussy lips
made it obvious that Jenny was going to give up her cherry today...like it or
not. Rick lay crying in the trunk, mad about looking bad in front of Jenny, for
not standing up to their assailant...mad because he wasn't man enough to throw
her down and fuck her during the last three months. Now he was going to lose out
on something he wanted more that anything in the world. He wanted to rape Jenny
himself, not make love to her, he wanted to rip her legs apart and cram his cock
into her virgin cunt. Someone else was going to do it and he was probably going
to lay bound and helpless and listen to it happen.

Jenny bobbed up and down on Jed's hard rod. She felt the car slow and turn off
the smooth gravel road onto one that was bumpy. They drove for about five
minutes and the car turned again. This time the road was really rough, she
gagged several times when the car hit a bump so hard that his cock rammed itself
into her throat unexpectedly.

Jed turned off the ignition and pulled Jenny up by the hair. Roughly he sat her
up and pushed her against the passenger door. "Turn you legs this way Jenny, lay
back and spread 'em," he ordered. Jenny struggled into the position he demanded
of her. Slowly, her face turning red, from the heat of her embarrassment, she
spread her knees and exposed her vaginal opening to her kidnapper. She wanted to
die she was so embarrassed. Her hope was the blowjobs were enough, that they
would be dumped off in the woods while he made his getaway. Now she realized the
worst was to come, her worst fear was coming true, she was about to be raped!
"Cunt, I'm going to check out the goodies then untie you. If you try to fight or
run I will kill you and your punky little boyfriend."  He reached out and
stroked her breasts gently, then clamped down hard on her hardening right
nipple. "Ohhh," Jenny gasp at the pain. She felt her left nipple harden and jut
out...and her labia began to engorge with blood and swell up. She felt a tiny
tingle shoot through vagina and warmth begin to spread through her breasts.

He reached down and spread her labia with a thumb and forefinger. Her vagina
glistened pink, the shiny wetness made his dick jump and throb. Jenny lay dazed,
her breast warm and tingly, her pussy was getting wet. She could see her wet
pink opening, see his hard cock twitching; she knew what was coming. She
shuddered and sobbed then lay still and let him poke and prod at her most
intimate place.

Rick could hear every word. He heard Jenny moan and sigh. His imagination ran
away with him. He could imagine her spread out on her back, the rapist's big
cock slowly stretching her opening and disappearing up her cunt to seek out the
cherry that tightly stretch across her fuck tube. His cock sprang to attention
as he lay quietly trying to hear what was going on.

Reaching into his pocket, Jed pulled out a two small metal devices. Jenny
watched him as he fiddled with a small knob on one of them. "Damn, this is going
to be fun...for me!" Before she could move, he slapped her across the face,
slapped her again and again. Jenny lay dazed. She felt him grab her right
breast. Not wanting to make him react to any movement she made, Jenny lay still,
trying to focus her eyes.

"GAHHHHH, IEEEEEE," Rick heard Jenny give a blood curdling shriek. "The fucker
is raping her, he's ramming his cock in my girl's pussy, the fucking bastard,
that's my pussy," he thought selfishly.

Jenny writhed and shook, tried to sit up. A pain like fire was in her right
nipple. She got another slap in the face and then a heavy blow to her solar
plexus. As she lay sprawled out against the door, she saw him begin to fasten
another of the horrid little devices to her left nipple. "Gahh, noooo, please,
IEEEEEEE, OWWWWWWWW, NOOOOOOO," she screamed. Jed fastened his homemade nipple
clamp tightly, he loved the way the little red bead of blood welled up around
the sharp steel teeth.

Jed pushed the seat back and pulled Jenny's legs out flat. Gently he lifted her
legs and spread them. He hooked her left leg over the back of the seat and
shoved the right off the edge. She lay widely spread, her breasts radiated pain,
her gash getting wetter and pinker as he gazed at it.

 Jenny lay stretched out, her tits hurting, hurting, and yet feeling strangely
warm and throbbing, starting to affect her pussy. She lay terrified, head at an
angle on the door rest as his head descended to her crotch. She could hear him
sniffing at her sex. "Yahhhh, ohhhh, nooooo, please stop, please don't do that,
pleeeeease stop," Jenny screamed out. Jed continued to lick at the horrified
girls labia. His tongue slipped into the deep wet crevice and began to lap up
and out at her outer lips. Soon her juices began to flow, her inner lips began
to unfold....and she lay exposed, her pussy dripping wet, widely gaping open,
shiny pink and wet. Jed knew this little cunt was ready for a cock. She had been
sadly neglected, no, her real wants ignored by the idiot in the trunk, but that
would be taken care of right now!

Jenny lay dazed. She had been embarrassed when he began to sniff her sex...but
it turned her on to have a man sniffing and obviously enjoying her female odors.
She, like most girls, used a douche occasionally, and body powder to hide her
female odor. She like most young girls, did not want the embarrassment of being
in public and having the scent of their musky pussy wafting around them.


"Keep 'em spread sweetheart," he ordered. Jenny's eyes flew open. She had gotten
hot, really hot from the tonguing.  Her eyes had closed as the tip of his tongue
licked her inner lips and probed slightly into her tight opening. She had felt
every bump on his tongue as he lapped up her juices and then she felt
electricity as the tip of his tongue flicked lightly over her clit. Again and
again he had lapped at her slowly blossoming pussy, touched her clit...and then
he reached up and began to maul her breasts. He flicked the heavy little metal
clamps, made the sharp little teeth tear deeper, made her tits turn into fire, a
fire that made her pussy boil.

 He continued to drink her juices and lick her engorged clit. When he squeezed
her breasts and pulled on her nipple clamps again, Jenny could feel her pussy
get even wetter. "No," she thought, "please, how can I be going to climax?" She
began to leak juice copiously. It ran down her thighs and made a damp spot on
the seat. The wet gurgling and sucking noises he made while eating her were loud
in the car. For ten minutes he sucked on her clit, her outer and inner lips,
lapped up her juices and probed her opening with his tongue while occasionally
reaching up to flick the pleasantly painful little metal devices clamped to the
young beauty's breasts.

The first climax had been slow to build. Jenny had tried to suppress it. It hit
her like an electric charge despite her efforts to not let him get to her. She
heard herself shriek out, OHHH, OHHH, GAHHHH, OH, OH, OH, OH, YESSSSSSSSS!" She
felt her thighs involuntarily squeeze together around his head. Twice, three
times, four times the electric jolt flashed from her pussy throughout her entire
body as she screamed out at the intensity of the climax. Dazed she lay back,
adjusted her legs to spread a little wider, unconsciously she lifted up to meet
the rough probing tongue. She had helped him get his tongue up her gushing hole,
humped up and down to make the contact feel even better...and climaxed over and
over again, she didn't know how many times she had cried out, clamped her thighs
tightly around his head, and rode out a blinding jolt that flashed out of her
dripping vagina, a climax so powerful that it left her dazed and incoherent.
Each time she climaxed it was more intense than the previous time. Laying in a
fog, dazed, her breasts and pussy throbbing, juice flowing from her completely
flowered pussy, Jenny closed her eyes again, forgot the terror of the moment and
luxuriated in the pleasure of his tongue, her pulsing breasts, her multiple
orgasms.

Jed pulled the latch next to the drivers seat up to unlock the trunk, slid out
of the car and went back to the slightly ajar opening.  Rick lay curled up, eyes
closed, sweating profusely and panting. His crotch was tented out. The little
fuck had gotten hard listening to his girl get eaten. Jed reached in and pulled
Rick's head through the opening. He lifted the startled boy out and stood him
up. Roughly he shoved him forward to the driver's door. Rick looked down. There
lay his girl. Jenny lay with her head propped on the armrest of the passenger
door. Her legs were splayed wider than he thought possible. Her cunt was a
bright pink flower...dripping nectar. A wide wet spot spread out on the seat
beneath the raw pink gash. Her clit stood at attention, it was big, half the
size of his little finger. She breathed heavily and moaned, almost like she was
asleep and having an erotic dream.

"Looked what you passed up on you stupid little punk. This bitch is a real
hottie, a wet dream come true. What a punk, I don't believe you didn't fuck her
down at that swimming hole. All you had to do was pull her suit off and throw
her down. She would have spread for you in an instant." Jed' laughed at Rick as
he gaped at his girls turgid nipples poking out of the dully gleaming clamps,
her spread out legs and her shiny bright pink, fully blossomed cunt.

The laugh brought Jenny out of her daze. Her eyes flew open. Shocked at Rick
standing at the open door gazing at her wet exposed womanhood, Jenny started to
pull her legs together. "NO, leave 'em spread honey. I want your ex boyfriend to
see what my woman looks like. Jenny lay mortified as both men leered at her
wide-open pussy. "Check this out Jenny," Jed called to her. He was pointing to
Rick's tented out pants. He had a hard on! Jenny could not believe it. She had
been forced to suck cock and had been made to spread her legs and let this
monster lick her to climax. Now she was lewdly put on display, ordered not to
quit showing her wet splayed vagina, and her boyfriend, the guy who brought her
up to this remote area, the guy who was the school bully and her protector was
standing there with a hard cock while he stared at her nakedness. "You bastard
Rick, how can you stand there and stare at me like that. I've been molested and
you act like you want to rape me too? You're disgusting!" Jenny blurted out.

Jed grabbed Rick by the back of the neck and reached down with his other hand to
unzip his pants. He reached into the opening and then jerked his hands out.
"Ughh, you little pervert, you came in your pants," he exclaimed. Jenny looked
down at the wet spot on Rick's crotch and got even madder at him. "I don't
believe it, you listened to me when I was forced to suck his cock and you came,
didn't you?"  Numbly, Rick nodded his head in the affirmative.

Jed began to slap the helpless boy. "You fuck, you came in your pants while your
girl sucked my cock?" You stupid fuck, what kind of pervert are you anyway?" Jed
hooked a hard blow into Rick's stomach and threw him to the ground. Quickly he
rolled him over and untied the belt binding his wrists. He immediately began to
beat the gasping teen with the folded over leather belt. "No, stop, please,
stop, don't, please, it hurts, don't," Rick begged. Jenny lay watching, stunned
at how rapidly her boyfriend had transformed into a crying, begging, wheedling
little baby. It was disgusting. "Well she thought, if I am going to get out of
this alive and in one piece, it will be me that has to do it, not Mr. Big Man On
Campus, the star athlete."

"Strip you little cunt," Jed ordered. He kicked the whimpering Rick in the side
and started to raise the belt again. "No, no, please, enough," Rick shrieked. He
jumped to his feet and pulled his shirt over his head and flung it to the
ground. Quickly he pulled his pants off and kicked them over to the shirt. He
stood naked except for his sticky gooey shorts. Jenny was shocked to see he
still hand an enormous hard on. "Get 'em down pretty boy," Jed barked. With
shaking hands, Rick pulled his gummy shorts down and tried to turn aside. Jed
grabbed his arm and made him face Jenny. "Well now, look at that, wow, this guy
packs a class A weapon in his shorts," Jed exclaimed. Jenny looked down at
Rick's cock. It was huge. She stared at the ten inch hard on. It was easily as
wide as her wrist. It looked like a pony penis she once covertly watched at a
county fair. "I'm glad you didn't fuck her with that thing boy. I'd have fallen
in if I followed you," Jed snickered at the embarrassed Rick.

"Get out here sweetheart," Jed called to Jenny. He grabbed her roughly by the
breast as she exited the driver's door. Kneel cunt," he ordered. "Punk, get over
here, get that big cock up to her lips." He yelled at Rick. "No, please don't
make me do that," Jenny cried out. In answer, Jed raised the belt and brought it
down across Jenny's breasts. As she fell over and rolled into a ball he brought
the belt down on her back, her ass and her legs. "Now, cunt, get up on those
legs and suck your friends weenie. Clean him up. I can't stand a grown man
walking around with a sticky mess in his shorts." Jed exclaimed. Jenny rose to
her knees, sobbing, and reached for Rick's cock.

Rick stood still, staring down as his beautiful girl's head slowly came up to
his raging cock. He knew he would blow a load is she touched him with her hot
little lips. He watched fascinated as she open her mouth and formed a bright
pink "O" and struggled to suck the massive head into her mouth.  "Don't you come
in her mouth punk," Jed warned. Just let her suck on it and clean it up a
little," he told Rick.

Jenny worked the big cock into her mouth slowly. Her lips were stretched tightly
around Rick's huge hard on. She laved it with her tongue and pushed harder to
get more in her mouth. Jed stood near her telling her how he wanted her to suck
him.  He told her to take it out of her mouth and finish cleaning the cum off
his stomach. He ordered Rick to sit on the back seat and lay back with his legs
in the air. Jenny was forced to lick the sticky drying cum off his balls.

Ricky boy, you want Jenny to make you cum?" Rick stood dazed looking at his
beautiful girl. Her beautiful tits looked like ripe peaches, the metal clips
made her nipple tips swell out and look like small dark red raspberries. Her
slit had nearly closed up now but bright pink lips still peeked through down the
middle of her lightly haired mound.

"Yyye, ye, yesss," Ricky stuttered. "Really, you want her to suck you off,
swallow her cum, do you want her pussy, her ass maybe? Does it matter Ricky, do
you want her to make you cum any way she can?"  "Ye, Ye, YES." Ricky shouted as
his hard cock got even harder and started jerking and twitching.

Jenny stood transfixed, watching as if from a distance as her boyfriend told the
rapist that he wanted her to make him cum. She heard their assailant offer up
her mouth, her pussy and even her ASSHOLE to her wimpy boyfriend.

"You fucking bastard, you pervert, keep away from me she shouted at Ricky. "Now
sweetheart, you probably thought I meant it when I told him he could sample your
pussy and your shitter, didn't you?" Jed laughed. "Naw, he gets a blow job. You
already cleaned him off and you know it's a tight fit. What I want is for you to
get on your knees and suck ole Ricky boy's cock. I want you to swallow his load.
Now be a good girl and don't make me mad," Jed threatened as he swung the belt
menacingly.

In a daze Jenny dropped to her knees again. Ricky rushed at her with his cock in
his hand. He began to prod at her tightly pursed lips. Jenny could not make
herself open for him. "Ricky, back," Jed ordered. He approached Jenny and told
her," put your hands behind your neck." He stood behind her and slightly off to
her side.  A loud smacking noise rent the air followed immediately by a piercing
scream. Jed had whipped the belt across both of Jenny's breasts. It was a
perfect shot. Both nipples had received the leather full force, driving the
metal clamps deep into her tits, causing the needle like teeth to slice deeper
into her nipples.. Jenny dropped to the ground clutching her stinging, pulsing
breasts. Suddenly she was jerked to her knees again. Jed handed the belt to
Rick. "Hit her across the tits for disobeying," her ordered. Jenny cried out,
"no Ricky, please, don't do it." Jed warned both of them. "If you don't put your
hands back behind your neck and if you don't hit her, I will beat both of you
until you can't scream." Both of the terrified teens knew he meant what he said.
Ricky looked down at the kneeling beauty, hands behind her neck, fingers locked
together. Her eyes were closed, she breathed heavily, making her chest heave.
Her magnificent tits jutting out from her like ripe peaches hanging on a tree.
Several drops of blood formed a small streak down across the beautiful globes
from her nipples to the bottom curve. He brought the belt down across her right
breast. Jenny screamed and clutched her breast. "That will cost you another
stroke, bitch," Jed warned. Hold those arms up behind your head and don't take
them down when you get the next one, if you do, you get five more," he
threatened. "Do what you want Ricky boy," Jed said as he looked at the naked
young athlete and winked. Ricky brought the wide leather belt down across both
the quivering young girls breasts. Quickly he flung the belt back and lashed her
again. Jenny screamed but kept her fingers locked together tightly. Again and
again Ricky brought the belt down. After five lashes, he dropped the belt to the
ground and rushed forward. He grasped Jenny by the hair and shoved his
throbbing, drooling cock up to her lips. "Open up and suck me bitch," he
ordered. Sobbing, her breasts feeling like they were on fire, Jenny opened up
her mouth for Ricky. He didn't even try to be gentle. He rammed into her open
mouth and went straight for her throat. He grabbed her hair in both hands and
began to cram his huge cock into the helpless teen's mouth. With a fearsome
lunge he penetrated her throat and put almost six inches of his cock straight
down her gullet. Choking and trying to suck in air, Jenny grasped his hips and
held on has her perverted boyfriend orally raped her.  A dozen deep lunges and
Rick felt his balls tighten up. An eye blink later he felt the sperm in his nuts
boil out and shoot up through his cock. Looking down he saw Jenny's eyes fly
open as an awesome gush of spunk filled her throat and cascaded into her
stomach. After three huge spurts, he pulled back and finished emptying his nuts
into the gasping young beauty's mouth.

Jenny was paralyzed. Rick rammed himself right through her mouth and into her
throat again. Luckily she had taken a deep breath when she opened her mouth. Her
lips felt like they split, her throat burned and began to spasm as it tried to
repel the invader. It was no use. She had to hold onto her boyfriend's hips and
let him violently rape her throat. She could do nothing else. The awesome head
rammed down into her throat, expanding it beyond belief. She felt him pull back
to her mouth and began to take another breath when the wide cock went full
length into her throat again...and again....and again. Despite the pain, she was
beginning to worry about suffocation when she felt the familiar pulsing. An
incredible gush, a flood of semen filled her throat. It was followed by three
more monstrous spurts. Suddenly he pulled back into her mouth and began to spew
gob after gob of sperm into her stretched open mouth. Jenny took the opportunity
to gasp for air. She choked on sperm as she filled her lungs with the wonderful
spruce scented fresh air.

Jenny fell to her hands and knees, she gasped for air. Her mouth hung open, cum
drooled from her lips.  "Clean it up, suck it clean," Rick shrieked at the
battered the shocked young teen. He grabbed her by the hair and ordered her to
finish cleaning his cock of the remnants of his oral rape. Jenny rose to her
knees and began to lick the sticky threads off the rapidly softening cock.
Neither of them noticed Jed taking digital images and video of Rick orally
raping Jenny.

"You fucking bastard," Jenny gasped. She looked up at Rick and burst into tears.
Cum ran down her face in white ropes dropping in splatters on her bare breasts.
Her stomach heaved and churned as the heavy creamy load settled. She was furious
with him. It was bad enough to be beaten and traumatized by a masked stranger,
to be orally raped and to have to drink down hot sticky semen, but to have her
boy friend join in with him was unfathomable. 

"Now darling, don't get in a lather," Jed admonished her. "Come here Ricky boy,
you did good. It felt good to have that little tease sucking a load out of your
balls, now didn't it Ricky?"  Rick nodded his head, "I wanted to fuck her for
the last three months. All she let me do was touch her tits and then she ran off
home," Rick complained.

Jenny knelt, breasts on fire, she looked down and saw the angry red streaks Rick
had applied with his leather belt. Tears streamed down the young beauties cheeks
as she spit the last of Rick's cum out of her mouth and wiped the drying white
ropes off her chin.

"Ricky, come here boy, come Ricky," Jed laughed. "Kneel boy, kneel right here by
this tree," he ordered. Rick knelt by the tree and waited. "Put your hands
around the tree sonny, lock your fingers together and hold still," Jed ordered.
Quickly Jed tied the boy's hands together then tied his arms together on the
opposite side of the trunk. He was bound to the trunk, he could crawl around it
for 360 degrees, but he could not get away.

"Come here Jenny," Jed called out. Startled, Jenny rose and walked into the
shade near the tree Rick was tied to. Jed had spread their blanket on the
ground. He gently pushed her to her knees, then down on all fours. "Spread you
legs honey, let me see your cunt," he ordered. "And don't argue or refuse, or
I'll give him the belt and let him do what he wants to do," Jed warned.  Jenny
lowered her head and spread her knees as far as she could. Her face burned red
as she realized her wet pink opening was pushed out at the two men behind her.
She was horrified to realize that she was becoming wet again, her labia was
swelling...and blossoming. Her wet pink opening was fully exposed.

"Now Jenny, reach back and spread yourself. Open your cunt up for me. Good girl,
now run your finger up and down your cunt, great, now put a finger in your fuck
hole. That's it Jenny, great job. Now keep finger fucking yourself while I
watch. You stop and I let Ricky boy up and let him fuck your asshole." He
laughed as he walked off. "Ricky, Ricky boy, you want to fuck her, you want her
pussy, her asshole, huh boy, you want to fuck the living shit out of your little
beauty?" "Yesss, yesss, I, I, I want to fuck the l,l,l,living shit out of her,"
Rick stuttered and stammered. Jenny knelt, playing with her widely splayed pussy
while both men watched. Jed zoomed in and got some good pictures of the
unrestrained beauty. He checked the screen and found her face, hand and pussy
showed up quite well.

Jed knelt beside the quietly crying teen and began to stroke her ass as she
continued to masturbate herself for him. He reached under and began to fondle
her breasts and stroked her stomach. "You can quit fucking yourself now Jenny
girl," he told her. "Here, lay down beside me and cuddle up a little."
Reluctantly, fearfully, Jenny did as bade. "Nooo, please, don't, please, no
more," Jenny begged. He had spent twenty minutes rubbing her breasts, sucking
her nipples, stroking her thighs. Now he had a large hand between here thighs.
She was gushing wet again. Not only was she afraid of the rape she knew was
coming, but she was embarrassed that her pussy was so wet and was again a fully
bloomed shiny pink blossom. And there was the fact that her boyfriend was tied
up not 10 feet away, he would see everything. He was at her feet. Several times
she had looked down and saw him staring at her pussy. Her assailant had forced
her to lay with her legs splayed.

"You're right Jenny, lets get this over," Jed stated. With that said he rolled
her onto her back and climbed between her legs. "No, NO, STOP IT, QUIT, DON'T,
LEAVE ME ALONE, YOU BASTARD, YOU FUCKER, STOP," Jenny screamed. She struggled to
get from underneath him. They rolled from side to side on the blanket. Jenny
tried to draw her knees up so she could lever him off. Nothing worked, slowly
she tired and her struggles lessened. Suddenly he was there! "GAW, NOOOOO, STOP,
PLEASE," Jenny screamed as she felt the big head force the outer lips of her
pussy open. He was lodged there in her opening. She could see Rick watching. He
had another hard on. The thought flashed through her mind that she had been
orally raped by her so called boyfriend and now he was  gleefully watching as
their assailant was about ready to penetrate her virgin womanhood.

"AHHHHHHHHH, GAAAAAAAA, STOPPPPPPP, NOOOOOO, IT HURTS, PLEASE NOOOOOOO," the
struggling young beauty shrieked and screamed as the hard throbbing cock was
forced slowly into here previously unused pussy. Suddenly she felt a burning,
stinging pain. Her virginity was about to be taken by force. "Please, please,
don't do this, don't fuck me, don't rape me, don't make me pregnant, please,
I'll do anything else," she begged. "You mean that?" Jed asked as he stopped his
painful penetration of the tearful young virgin. "Yes, anything, anything else,"
she hopefully answered. "OK, I'll fuck your ass and leave your pussy alone," he
told her noncommittally. Jenny stared up at him horrified. "Not my ass, that
will hurt even worse, that's dirty and perverted too," she stuttered. "OK, your
choice," Jed said as he pushed his drooling cock up against her thin barrier
again. "NOOOOOOO, STOP, OK, I,LL DO IT," Jenny screamed.

"On your hands and knees darling," Jed ordered. He handed her a tube of
lubricant and a small knobby dildo. Jenny knelt, horrified. "Lube it up, put
some on your fingers and stick a finger in your ass," Jed ordered. "NO, please,
just let me go," she begged. "Hey Ricky, hey punk, wanna fuck her in the ass,"
he called out to the hapless boy. "Yesss, yesss, I wanna fuck her asshole,"
Ricky called back. "Wanna rip her ass open, ram that big pony cock all the way
up her shitter?" Jed asked, "Yes, I want to fuck her ass really bad," Ricky
called back.

"There you go sweetheart, I let you get lubed up, let you loosen yourself up
with the nice greasy dildo and do you deep but easy. Your alternative is to let
Ricky boy fuck your ass like he did your mouth." He laughed at the beautiful,
tearful face in front of him. His cock throbbed and quivered in anticipation of
her answer. "OK, ok, I'll do it," Jenny answered reluctantly, tearfully.  Slowly
she took the cap of the slick lubricant and applied it to her finger. She
reached back to apply the runny mess to her anal opening. Jed reached back and
spread her cheeks. Her face turned scarlet, she imagined they could see the heat
waves rising from her cheeks as she gently slipped the slick fingertip into her
anus. With his encouragement, she began to fuck her ass with her own finger.
Several times he squirted fresh lube onto her finger as she pushed it in.
Looking back through her widespread knees, she could see Rick staring at her.
She felt more hatred towards him then she did their assailant she realized.

"Come on girl, get it in there, come on, DO IT," he barked at her. Jenny, still
kneeling had reached back between her spayed thighs with her right hand and was
trying to insert the knobby black rubber dildo into her ass. She sobbed and
shook her head no. "Please Mr., I'm only 17. I'm a virgin, please don't do this
to me, I sucked you cock I cooperated, please, let me suck you off again,
please," she begged. Jed stood behind and to the side, taking pictures of her.
He loved it, he was getting her tear-streaked face, her hand snaked up between
her pink, wet, open gash and the dildo barely inserted into her asshole. She had
it stretched almost wide enough to take the rubber head and then chickened out.
He had her plaintive whining and begging on the audio track. He loved his little
dual-purpose digital still-video camera. He had almost a dozen rapes in video
and still formats. Most of the victims were teens, a couple had been in there
20's and one was at least 40. None were as beautiful and as satisfying as this
cherry little bitch.

"STICK IT IN YOUR ASS OR I TURN RICKY BOY LOOSE TO FUCK YOU," he suddenly
shouted at her. "GAHHHHH, OUCH, IT HURTS," she screamed as she forced the rubber
device past her sphincter and into her rectum. "Ohh, ohh, ouch, ouch, ohh, she
moaned as she fed the 6 inch rubber cock into herself. It took 5 minutes but she
finally got the fake cock all the way in. Jed squirted more lube on it and told
her to get busy. Jenny began to fuck her own ass with the rubber penis. He made
her pull it all the way out and then push it all the way in a couple times then
told her to get busy and start getting her ass ready.

Sobbing, Jenny knelt while reaching back and running the rough rubber cock deep
into her rectum. It had hurt, hurt badly when she had jammed it through her
tightly clenched opening. When he had screamed at her and told her Rick could
fuck her there for her disobedience she gave up and pushed it in. It had hurt so
bad, she had screamed out and cried but the thought of what Rick had done to her
throat and what he would do to her virgin ass made her comply. Now that it had
more lube and she had taken it out and reinserted is a dozen times it did not
hurt so much. She was sore at her opening but her rectum had quickly gotten over
the pain of the invasion.

"OK baby, my turn now," she heard from behind her. "Just keep "Blackie" up your
ass and look up," he ordered. Jenny looked up to find his cock staring her in
the face. "Get it good and wet sweetie, the wetter the better, the less it will
hurt," he told her. Jenny opened up her mouth and began to lave the shiny knob
with her lips and tongue. She worked up all the spit she could. Soon his cock
was dripping wet.

"Please, please be gentle," she begged. She was on all fours, knees wide spread.
He was spreading her cheeks, getting ready to rape her ass. "No problem Jenny,
just relax, when you feel you ass start to open, try to push out, like you are
passing gas," he laughed. "It will pop right in. I won't hurt you much and I
won't hurt you on purpose. You just have to promise to cooperate and fuck me
back," he told her. "You ready now?" he asked. She nodded her head and braced
for her anal invasion.

"OHHHHHH, EASY, PLEASE, STOP, NO, I CAN'T," she begged. He stopped pushing.
"Push back Jenny, try to push it out with your ass," he told her. Jenny strained
and felt her sphincter suddenly pop open. She braced for him to ram himself up
her ass. Instead, he surprised her by holding still.  "OHH, OHH, WAIT, WAIT,"
she begged. He had to begin to make little push-pull movements into her. She
could feel her ass spreading for him as he slowly penetrated her. Suddenly she
started, "OH," she gasped. He had begun to tickle her clit. Jenny put her head
down to her folded arms and tried to spread her thighs a little more. The pain
in her ass let up some and her clit began to throb. She could feel herself
getting wet again.

"UHH, UHH, UHH, OHH, OHH, AHH, AHHHHHH, OHHHHHHHH, OUCH, OHHHHHHH, "Jenny moaned
and occasionally cried out as he reamed her. She knelt taking his deep strokes
up into her bowels. It had mostly quit hurting, it made her feel full, like she
had to go really bad, but it didn't hurt like it did when her first entered her
back there. "Ahhh," moaned as he began to squeeze her right breast. She raised
up a little then, up on all fours, as he squeezed her right breast then her
left. He leaned over her and took both breasts into his hands and began to knead
and squeeze them roughly. Jenny felt a warm rush in her pussy as he tweaked her
nipples. Suddenly she realized that she was slowly swaying her ass,
unconsciously encouraging him to fuck her harder, deeper. She was pushing back
each time he penetrated her. She began to cry. It was rape damit, why was she
feeling like a huge climax was beginning to well up in her vagina, why was it
feeling soooooooo, good?

"YESS, YES, deeper, harder, please, more, more, GAHHHHHH," Jenny screamed out as
her climax swept over her entire being. He had rammed his cock up her ass deeper
than any stroke before. Grasping her hips he slammed into her and held himself
buried as deep as he could get. His cock began to pump cum in huge spurts. She
could feel the knobby, veined rod as it expanded and contracted with each hot
gob it injected into her ravaged bowels. Again she dropped her head to her
folded arms and began to cry. Her whole body shook as he began to slowly fuck
her ass again. He pulled out and pushed back in. Noisy farting noises came from
her ass as he plunged up the kneeling beauty's ass. Sperm squirted out between
her ass and his cock and ran in white and brown tinged rivulets down her thighs.
He looked down at the kneeling beauty, her perfect woman shaped teen ass, he
could see her cunt peeking out of him, it was weeping tears of joy for the
fucking she had just received. He closed his eyes, grabbed hold of her hips
again and began to fuck her ass with all the power he had. Jenny's head snapped
up off her arms, she began to babble and moan almost incoherent noises. "Yess,
GAW, UHHH, OHHH, UHHHH,UHHH," as she shook her ass and pushed back at the
rampaging invader that filled her ass again, filled her being, so fully, so
deliciously full.

"Here it comes baby," he told her. Again her head snapped up off her folded
arms. She rammed her ass back at him, thrusting, wagging, letting him know she
was begging for more. "AHHHHHHHHHHH, YES, YOU LITTLE CUNT, TAKE IT, TAKE MY LOAD
UP YOU HOT LITTLE ASS," he screamed out. It put Jenny over the edge. She shoved
her ass back to him as he drove in even deeper than before. Her climax
completely blew her circuits. "YAHHHHHHHHH, GAWDDDDDDDD," she shrieked as she
felt his cock begin to pulse and deliver another hot, wet, sticky load up into
her sore bowels.

He pulled out with a wet plopping noise and watched a river of brown streaked
cum pour out of her ass. "Get up and go over by the creek to get cleaned up," He
told her. She staggered to her feet and waded into the cool creek. She squatted
down and pushed down on her bowels. Bubbles burst to the surface. She could see
white streaks floating under the surface. After straining for a good minute she
felt like all the sperm was out and waded back out of the creek.

"Kneel right here baby," he told her. Jenny knelt and began to sob. Now her ass
hurt, hurt badly, very badly. She felt like she had been ripped open back
there...and she had climaxed, she had actually had two mind blowing climaxes
while taking a rapists cock up her virgin ass. What was the matter with her,
what kind of girl was she? Jenny knelt on the blanket, naked, ass throbbing,
sobbing as she watched her rapist walk over to Rick.

"Hey Ricky boy, wasn't that something, you want some of that, huh?" Jed asked
Rick. "Yeah, mmmmman, can I fuck her ass too," Rick stuttered.  "Sure you can
Ricky, but I need a little favor first," Jed told him. "Sssure, OOOOK," Rick
stuttered again. "Well, you see man, your girl got shit all over my cock man, I
need it cleaned and the creek is cold. I need something hot and wet to clean it
up real good. I would make your girl clean it, but, you know man, she is such a
good fuck I just can't make myself force her to put my shitty cock into her
mouth. She's your girl Rick, it"s her shit on the old dickeroo, you get to clean
it up," Jed told the shocked boy. "NOOOO, NOOOO, I'm not gay, I can't suck your
cock," he whined as he looked nervously over at the sobbing Jenny. "Not suck it
Ricky boy, clean it up so I can fuck her some more. I don't want to put my
shitty cock into her nice clean pussy," he told the shaking boy quietly. He
pulled the razor sharp knife out of it's sheath and slowly put it up to Rick's
throat. "Your girl fucked me and she isn't a whore, right?" he asked quietly.
Rick couldn't talk, he only nodded his head in agreement. "OK boy, you clean up
my cock and that doesn't mean you are a faggot, got it?" Jed asked him with
menace in his voice. "Now open up Ricky, open wide and get busy.

Jennie looked over at Rick to see what the quiet muttering was about. She gasped
as she saw him take her rapists cock into his mouth and begin to suck it clean.
He pulled back and licked and then began to suck again. Rick was homophobic, and
he was sucking a cock, a cock with her shit...and her rapists cum all over it.
It served the bastard right. She then saw the knife at Rick's throat and
actually felt sorry for him...for a millisecond. The fucker he was getting what
he deserved. She watched as the rapist put the knife back into it's sheath and
reached into his shirt pocket. He pulled out a small camera and began to take
pictures of Rick as he worked the now hard and clean cock over with his lips and
tongue.

"Great job Ricky, great job," Jed told him. He walked back over to Jenny and
began to snap photos of her. On your back girl, hold you tits up, smile on all
fours, spread your lips, spread your cheeks, great job Jenny, great job.  Jenny
watched him nervously. As he took pictures of her his cock was getting harder
and harder. After two dozen pictures he shoved the camera back into his pocket
and then took the shirt off and dropped it on the ground. "Get up here girl,
stand up and spread 'em, he ordered". She stood over him with her pussy lips
spread out while she bent forward. He showed her the shot of her wet, open cunt.
It shone wet and red in the digital image. She could see the fake smile she had
been forced to give him...and the nipple clamps showed up too.

"NOOO, NOOO, YOU PROMISED, I DID WHAT YOU WANTED, PLEASE." "Smack," the noise
rang in her head, the whole right side of her face ached. She felt herself being
flung to the blanket. She shook her head and looked up. He had grabbed her legs
and spread them. His cock was approaching her vagina. He lifted her legs higher
and threw them over his shoulders then lunged forward. Her knees were driven
down towards her tits. It had all happened so fast. He had told her he was going
to fuck her and then Ricky was going to have a turn. She had spun around and
tried to run naked into the woods. Now she was flat on her back and about to be
raped.

"Reach down and put it in Jenny," the knife was in her face. With shaky hands
she reached under her right thigh and grasped his hard, hot cock. Slowly she
pushed the head up to her wet slit and ran it up and down until it snagged in
her opening. Before she could blink he had dropped his weight on her and plunged
all eight inches into her, right through her hymen, all the way to her cervix.
Jenny screamed an ear-piercing shriek and almost fainted. She came back to
reality quickly as the rapist began to pump wildly into her bleeding pussy. He
rammed into her, jammed and pulled back, pulled all the way out and sank
quickly, brutally into her. For five minutes he grasped her ankles and half
stood half crouched as he fucked the beautiful high school girl brutally. "GAW,
UHH, YAHH, OHH, YES!" he gasped as cum boiled out of his nut sack. "NO, NOT IN
ME, PLEASE, DON'T MAKE ME PREGNANT," Jenny screamed. Then she felt it. He was
shoved into her as far as he could get. She could feel the head up against her
cervix. Hot wet liquid gushed out of his cock, filled her vagina, she could feel
it squirt into her womb. He pumped and pumped scalding hot gobs of potent seed
into her fertile young womb. As she looked up at him, he had the camera out
again. He was filming her rape! 

Slowly he pulled out of the crying teen. He walked over to Rick and untied his
hands. "OK boy, clean it up and she's all yours he told him. Quickly, Rick
opened his mouth and sucked the blood, sperm and pussy juice off the semi hard
cock. "Good boy," Jed patted the boy on the head. "Go get you some pussy boy,
and try that asshole out too, it's hardly used and she really likes a good hard
fuck there." He laughed as he headed towards his clothes.

Jenny looked up to see Ricky running over to her. She didn't see the rapist and
thought Ricky had gotten loose to come help her. She shrieked in surprise when
he threw himself down on her naked body. "NO, QUIT IT, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU
DOING?" It did no good. She shrieked again, this time in pain as Rick's 10 inch
cock rammed up her sore pussy. The rapists cum lubricated her and let Rick's
unusually large cock slam full length into her. Jenny flew back, a scream
strangled in her throat as Rick began to plunge wildly into her torn and
bleeding vagina. She lay still, shocked as he pumped into her for a minute than
began to squirt his load in on top of the rapists. Jenny sobbed, turned her head
and lay with legs splayed, cum pouring out of her ravaged cunt when he pulled
quickly and painfully out of her.

Jenny felt herself being rolled over and her hips being lifted up. Suddenly Rick
slammed into her from behind. He had her on all fours, she was being mounted
like a bitch again, taken from behind like she was a bitch in heat. He plunged
into her sore bleeding vaginal like a mad man. He was grunting and panting like
a dog. Jenny shook her head and began to struggle. The shock was wearing off.
She fought, wiggled, tried to crawl forward to get away from him. His huge cock
was penetrating her deeper than the rapists, he was even bigger that the first
cock her pussy had been forced to take, it hurt so bad, she screamed, bucked and
fought...to no avail, he rammed into her until he suddenly pulled back on her
hips and jammed himself up against her cervix. A huge wet gush of sperm filled
her womb, squirted back between her ravaged walls and his cock. She faintly
heard it squirt and gurgle as it flooded out of her. She was almost passed out
from the pain, she hung limply, only up because of his tight grip on her hips as
he slowly pulled his throbbing, still squirting, still hard cock out of her
bleeding pussy.

Rick gazed down at his semi conscious girl. He held her hips up looked at her
cunt, watched the gaping pink hole as his sperm and that of the rapist poured
out and ran down her legs. He looked at her ass. Little white drops of sperm
clung to the wrinkled opening. "Why not," he said to himself, "she will never
fuck me again, that's for sure!" Slowly he lined up his monstrous cock, pushed
it up until it nearly touched the delirious girls opening....then lunged
forward. He kept his eyes on her ass, watched as his cock slammed her wrinkled
hole open until it was a tight pink circle stretched around the head of his
cock.  Then he popped through her sphincter and rammed up her ass, all 10 inches
of his wrist thick rod slammed into her.

Jenny's head snapped up, a blood curdling scream ripped through the woods. Rick
held on tight as she bucked and fought, clawed the ground and tried to escape
the burning pain in her ass. It felt to her like she was being raped by a
baseball bat.  "UHH, UHH, UHH, UHH, he grunted and lunged into her ravaged
rectum. For five minutes she screamed and struggled, finally the pain began to
subside. She lowered her head to the ground and let him have his way with her.
The warm tingly feeling began to come back, she felt her ass involuntarily
wiggle, trying to get him to hit just that right spot. Jenny raised her head up
and strained to take a shit, squeezed down on him, pushed back, shook head and
began to pant. "Fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck my ass, ram me, fill me, cum in me,
harder, FUCK MY ASS," she screamed. It was to much for Rick, he slammed into her
and began to pump another hot sticky load into her body.

Jenny felt  the cum gush into bowels and went crazy. She shook her head until
her hair flew around, her ass quivered and shook...and she screamed. "OHHHHHHH,
YESSSSS, I'M CUMMING!" Rick pulled out of the nearly unconscious girl with a
loud wet plop. He was finally sated.  Looking up, he saw their abductor
finishing up the filming of Jenny's rapes. His rapes of Jenny were recorded! 
"What now?" he thought.

"Kid, nice going, good job. She loved that ass reaming. Take it easy on her and
let her heal up before you pork her there again though."

Jed forced the naked girl to her feet and took her to the creek. With no
warning, he threw her in. Jenny gasped as she surfaced. "Get that ass cleaned
out again, cunt," he ordered. In a daze, Jenny cleaned herself out again, then
slowly crawled out of the creek and staggered back to the blanket. Rick and
Jenny were forced to watch his video clips and still images of Jenny's
debasement and Rick raping her in both holes. Jed warned them that he would
print copies or email them to the school and the internet if they went to the
police. Jenny thought about the rape exam, Doctors fingers in her pussy and ass
and all the questions. Worst of all, if those video clips surfaced; no, she
would not go to the police.

The bruise on her face she explained to her mother was an "accident in PE
class." A week after her ordeal, Jenny began to get hot, restless and had urges
she could hardly control. In bed one night, she began to masturbate and could
not get off. Her ass began to itch. No matter how she squirmed, even when she
sat on the toilet and cleaned herself with a rag, the itch would not go away.
She found an empty aluminum tube in a kitchen cabinet, the kind big cigars come
in. Slipping through the dark house she returned to her bedroom, locking the
door quietly, her hand shaking, Jenny pulled back the covers and slipped into
bed. Laying still, she strummed her clit, slipped the cigar tube deeply into her
cunt and bit down on a sock as she thought about her rapes and brutally fucked
her own pussy with the cock sized metal container. It was no use, she just could
not get off. Slowly, trying to fight the urge, the beautiful your teen began to
rotate the rounded end of the six-inch tube against her anus. The pussy juice
covering it helped her slip the blunt one-inch tube into her sphincter. "UGHHH",
she grunted from behind her clenched teeth. The sock kept her pained response to
the tube muffled. "Ohhhh, ohhhh, ahhhhh," Jenny moaned as she pushed the large
cylinder up her ass. "Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, for five minutes she drove the smooth
cylinder in and out of her ass, hips bucking, anus clenching the tube tightly.
Eyes closed, she imagined "him" roughly shoving her forward, thrusting up
against her. Remembering the roughness of his handling, feeling his cock as it
bounced between her thighs, dreading his jamming into her sore vagina again.
Again and again she remembered the rough thrusts into her ass, her sphincter
popping open to accept his raging cock. Strumming on her clit with her other
hand, she rammed the tube into her ass as deep as it would go.....and came and
came and came. Minutes later, Jenny came back around. Tears wet her cheeks, her
ass felt full, felt sooooo good. She realized that the tube was still in her
ass, that she had rolled onto her back and kept it from popping out. Silently,
she slipped out of bed, filled the tube with hot water and crawled into bed. The
hot tube slid easily into her slick ass chute. Jenny bore down on it and used a
finger to shove it all the way into her ass. Quickly, she shoved a small wad of
Kleenex into her opening to hold it in place. Reaching down to her clit, she
began to rub it in tiny easy circles, laying on her back, she humped up and down
on her bed. Each downward movement shoved the tube back up into her ass a little
deeper. A dozen times she fucked her self to climax. Feigning illness, Jenny
missed school the next day.

She couldn't get enough of her ass feeling stuffed, of cumming so hard she could
break a carrot in her rectum and force it back out. Night after night she
masturbated her ass. Cucumbers soon were not big enough. "What am I going to
do?" she thought out loud. Maybe I could walk down by the school or the park at
night and......"And maybe I would get a good ass fucking or maybe I would get
murdered or aids," she answered herself.

 Jenny moved back east several weeks later. Her mother's sister needed help. She
was a single mother with several small children; her husband had left her. Jenny
was glad to volunteer and get away from the little town...the rapist....her
rape....Rick....and the dreaded images of herself  being raped in the ass and
begging for more.

Rick was nervous for several weeks. He expected the police to show up. Then
Jenny moved out of town. She had never spoke to him again after the rapist
slipped away from them, and did not say a word before she left town. He was
afraid to call her; she would not call him. The busybodies at school gossiped
about their breakup, about Jenny missing days and days of school, but never
suspected the real truth.

A month after raping Jenny, Rick walked down the hallway looking at Cathy's ass,
Damn, she was nice, what a choice little sixteen year old piece she was. What he
wouldn't do to get those panties down and spread those cheeks!  She was a
hottie, tall, blonde, a fantastic round ass and she liked to tease the guys!

After school that day Rick lay on his bed slowly stroking his cock while he
thought of having Cathy bent over and spreading her cheeks for him. He closed
his eyes and pictured the tall beautiful blonde, tears streaming down her
cheeks, begging not to be fucked "there" while she slowly bent over and spread
her cheeks at his command. The phone rang. "Ricky boy, hey stud, how they
hanging?" He almost dropped the phone. It was HIM, the man who raped Jenny. "Hey
stud, I see Jenny moved away. I looked at your ID while you had Jenny bent over
fucking her tight little ass! Man, wasn't that some prime fucking?" " I wanted
to share a little more of that with you, man, but I know she left town." Rick
could feel his cock starting to get hard.  "Tell you what dude, all is not lost.
You know which pussy is the easiest to get to, you must have some little bitch
you would like to fuck. Why don't you take a little lady up to the same area
where I found your and Jenny? It's still warm out...and I know where there is a
secluded little cabin, how about it stud, want some virgin asshole? I'll let you
go first this time!" Jed chuckled at the silence. "And Rick, I still have the
pictures, want to look at them, maybe take some more of a new girl?" The veiled
threat did not go by Rick.

"No, no, no need for threats man, I'm ready man, she's a blonde, really nice
ass, she's cherry too and she wants to go out with me. She's 16, tall, really
prime meat and looks innocent as an angel, a real tease too. When do we do it
man?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trapper


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





