BDSM Library - Sowing The Seeds




Sowing The Seeds
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Aliens land in America, seeking fertile ground to sow their seed.
Sowing The Seeds

"Mommy, there's a spaceship outside . . ."  Jared's young voice was quavering,
full more of wonder than fear.  "It's over the corn, it's got lights.  Pretty
lights."

Elayne's eyes flutter, she moans lightly, her arm closing around Jared's small
shoulders.  "Mmm, c'mere, sweetie, curl up with Mommy."

"But-but Mommy, the spaceship-"

"Hush, Jared,  there's no spaceship, it's just funny a dream."

Jared nods, his big eyes fixed on the window, the strange bluish lights hovering
over the cornfield.  He curls into his mother's arms, gaze never leaving
streaked window, the strange glow.

"This is a special report.  We bring you now live to our news bureau in St.
Louis, and Christabelle Santorini, our science correspondent.  Christabelle?"

"Thank you, Harry-FAA officials are scrambling tonight, demanding answers from
military officials as unidentified craft hovering over hundreds of rural
locations wreak havoc with  flight corridors . . ."  Alicia stares at the TV,
enrapt, her slender arms crossed over her ample breasts as live video feeds show
the strange, ghostly lights hovering in the dark.  Gooseflesh rises on her slim
body, her blue eyes widening as she watches.  She doesn't believe it-not really. 
But she thrills to the thought, ridiculous though it may be.

"No, way."  Alicia's lithe form pushes up from the sofa, her frilly night shirt
clinging to her sweetly curved ass, lace thong barely covering her smooth,
shaved pussy.  "No way there are aliens."  Walking to the front door, she peers
out the window, grabbing Jared's baseball bat before pushing her way quietly
onto the porch.  Shadows play on the trees, a breeze tossing her blond hair,
lifting her night shirt up over her belly.  A distracted  hand brushes her hair
from her eyes as she steps warily down the stairs, begins walking around the
house.  The shadows disappear suddenly with a soft but large whump, a broad
rustling coming from around back.  Alicia jumps, gasps-such innocuous sounds,
but the adrenaline pumps as she turns the corner into the back yard.  Her eyes
scan the perimeter-fence on two sides, corn field at the back.  She stands,
vexed, unable to put a finger on what she's feeling, what seems wrong.  She
stands, back straight, eyes moving over the landscape as her mind does
inventory.  Her eyes widen slightly-the dog.  Where is Maude?   "Maude?" 
Alicia's voice is hushed, "Maude?  Where are you, come on, girl!"  A sharp bark
from the corn, and Alicia turns, heads into the field, bat firmly clenched
between her delicate hands.

Jared stares, his young eyes huge as the lights wink out, the huge, dark shape
sinks into the corn with a barely audible thump.  He slips carefully from under
his mother's sleeping arm, creeping across the cool hardwood floor to peer out
the window.  He gasps, his tiny hands pressing against the glass as he watches
Alicia walk slowly across the back yard.  "No, Alicia!" His voice is small,
shaky.  "No, don't go in there, the spaceship will get you!"  He begins to cry,
his giant, wet eyes following her into the corn, losing her among the tall
stalks.

"Maude?"  Alicia moves tentatively along the narrow path through the tall corn. 
The corn field has always frightened her-something about being enveloped in the
dark green walls, unable to see anything but leaf, husk, and sky.  Another bark,
this time closer, strangely calming her.  "Maude, you freak, get over here!" 
Pushing ahead, Alicia wishes she'd brought a flashlight rather than baseball
bat.  It's always darker in the corn than it should be.  A rustle up ahead
brings her up short, adrenaline screaming through her teenage body as her pupils
constrict, narrow in the black.  "M-Maude?"  Her trembling hands raise the bat
threateningly, her full, pink lips parting, tongue swiping as she swallows hard. 
The rustling increases, corn moving, swaying as she draws the bat back, breath
coming in shallow, panting gasps.  She freezes as the corn parts, then sighs,
laughs.  "Maude, you scared the shit out of me!"  Dropping the bat, she
crouches, extends her arms, laughing as the dog barks, then gallops toward her. 
Her laughter dies as a snaking shape shoots from the vegetation, wraps around
Maude's thick neck, dragging her large body down to the dirt effortlessly.  A
breathless squeak escapes Alicia's open mouth as she leaps upright, whirls on
her bare feet, stumbling back toward the house.  A long, hot tentacle-like limb
wraps around her head, jerking her back, taking her off her feet.  Alicia's
hands fly to her face, thick, terrified cries ringing out as her fingers claw at
the snake-like flesh holding her down easily.  Her wide open mouth pants, her
chest heaving, her screams cut short as the thick, fleshy appendage pushes into
her mouth, probing, testing before driving down her protesting throat.  Her back
arches, throat constricting, legs flailing helplessly as the broad, invading
muscle drives down into her, past her esophagus, into her tightening belly.

"M-mommy?  Mommy?"  Jared's face presses against the window, his short,
frightened breaths fogging the cool glass. "Mommy, do aliens hurt people?  Will
the spaceship take Alicia away?"  He turns his head toward the bed.  "Mommy? 
Are the aliens gonna hurt Alicia?" 

"Mmmm, come to bed, sweetie,"   Elayne groans, patting the bed, "come to bed,
stop worrying.  Aliens are nice-remember E.T.?"  She smiles sleepily, rolls
over, leaving Jared to hold vigil at her bedroom window.

Alicia's eyes bug wide, her sweet hips jerking, twisting violently as another
thick, ropey tentacle snakes up her trembling thigh, feeling along the seam of
her panties, then driving under the elastic to rub roughly along, parting her
pussy lips.  Her jaws trapped open, straining, her muffled voice comes through
her nose in high, horrified whines.  She begins to buck helplessly as the thick
flesh finds her vagina, begins working relentlessly into her dry, tight hole. 
Her eyes dart jerkily as another's whines reach her ears.  Her small hands claw
helplessly at the soft soil as she spots her beloved dog, sprawled, face impaled
by a writhing tentacle, another pushing in under the poor German Shepherd's
weakly twitching tail.   Alicia's eyes blink hard, then flutter as the thick,
snaking flesh in her pussy swells, then punches up into her uterus.  Her body
jerks, a low, agonized moan escaping her nose as her insides are plundered. 
Another tentacle pushing between her plump, sweet buttocks and Alicia's eyes
roll, then close.

" . . . the public is warned to stay inside their homes, locking doors and
windows.  While government spokespeople are not commenting, reports are pouring
in from all over the country-and the world-telling us that these lights are
actually ships.  Yes, ships."  The newscaster's face is pale, but impassive. 
"Reports of pets disappearing are coming in, and one picture has come in from
Des Moines, showing what appear to be thick grey tentacles enveloping a small
dog.  That picture is being examined by our media staff before airing.  Please
stay tuned."

Alicia's eyes flutter open, she whines sickly, her body crushed under the weight
of numerous tentacles moving, undulating over her.  Her small frame is shaken,
scraped across the dirt as the thick, torturing flesh inside her thrusts, works
all her holes.  Her large breasts are squeezed between the roiling snake-like
appendages, her thighs encoiled, pulled wide.  She screams hoarsely through her
flaring nostrils as an explosion of burning hot, acidic fluid fills her stomach. 
She retches helplessly, unable to bring it up, unable to even double over from
the pain.  Another flood in her uterus, searing, and her back arches weakly,
feet drumming the rich dirt as she is filled.  Her eyes move jerkily as the
tentacle in her belly withdraws from her face with a wet, squiching noise.  A
thick, caustic belch of fluid fills her mouth, trickling down her chin as
another tentacle drives quickly between her lips, down her protesting throat.   
Her delicate hands clench into tight, helpless fists, nails digging into her
palms as another flood burns through her bowels, another thick snake slithers
high into her cunt.  Tears stream down her encircled face, wetting the cruel,
roping flesh holding her to the ground for use.  She looks dazedly at Maude, the
alien flesh moving in and out of the whining dog's holes.  She sobs harder, then
gasps, grunts as another invading probe grinds into her battered ass.

"Oh, Christ, Jared, enough!"  Elayne moans, pulling her hands over her ears,
"There are no aliens, okay?  NONE!  I'm going to smack you into next week if you
don't stop!  I have to work tomorrow!"  Jared cries softly, padding down the
hall to his own room.  He reaches for the light switch, then rethinks, instead
walking to the window seat, kneeling upon it to stare out the window.  He
gasps-from this angle he can see down the path, see Alicia's prone form, dark,
writhing shapes moving over her, like giant pythons swarming.  He whines high,
terrified, his hands covering his mouth to stifle the sound.  His tear-filled
eyes stare helplessly, unable to look away as Alicia's back arches up, one of
the writhing shapes driving into her mouth.  Jared wraps his arms around
himself, rocks, watches his beloved big sister's violation.

Alicia groans, her insides burning, the soft flesh of her thighs, ass, lips
angry and red from the caustic fluid emitted by the alien forms.  She lies
still, her body free, unfettered, the torturing limbs withdrawn from her. 
Whimpering, she rolls painfully, drags her knees up under her, retching
unsuccessfully, dryly.  Her sweaty hair hangs miserably, matted to her flushed
face as she begins to slowly crawl up the path, toward the house.  Each inch is
torture, she sobs weakly, stunned, shivering from shock, her night shirt hanging
stupidly around her shoulders, covering nothing.  Her large, firm breasts sway
under her as she moves, her mouth hanging open, panting.  She reaches the edge
of the field, drags her head up to look at the house.  Safety.  Moaning, she
crawls on, a weak, rasping scream bubbling from her aching throat as she feels
the slithering tickle of a tentacle across her thigh.  Her fingers dig into the
sparse grass as another joins it, then a third, a fourth.  She struggles to pull
herself forward as they twine around her, pulling her arms close to her sides,
pushing her face into the ground.  Her eyes roll up toward the house, so close. 
So close.  Her trembling mouth opens wide, a sick, breathless scream cut short
as her mouth is once again filled.  Her swollen lips stretch around the rough
flesh as it shoots purposefully down her throat, into her aching belly.  Her
red, raw thighs are pulled apart, her bruised knees trapped under her as more
seek her bloodied, burning holes. 

Jared sobs, trembling violently, his eyes locked on Alicia as the aliens push
their long, thick limbs into her petitie body.  There are aliens, there ARE, and
they're NOT nice, Jared knows that for sure now.  He wants so badly to wake
Mommy, but she'll get mad again, she won't believe him.  She might hit him.  He
wants to help Alicia, but he's so afraid.  He moans as his bladder releases,
sobs helplessly as he watches Alicia writhe weakly under the assault, her filled
face on the ground, her ass up as tentacles swarm over her, filling her.  Her
eyes are wide, staring unblinkingly at the house, fingers stretching, trembling
at her sides as her body is thrust cruelly back and forth.  Jared chews on his
knuckles, unable to look away.

Alicia crawls toward the back door, her eyes dull, wide, her mouth hanging open
as the burning fluid drips from her bruised lips.  Her slick, raw thighs slide
across each other as she struggles to ascend the steps.  The door flies open,
Jared's small, strong hands grasping her under the arm, pulling her to her
unsteady feet.  She moans numbly as he leads her into the house, crying as he
tries to catch her swaying, collapsing form.  He holds her close, stroking her
hair as he sobs.  "Mmmmbath."  Alicia mumbles weakly, her voice harsh, raw. 
"I-I . . .mmbath."  Jared nods, half carries, half drags her to the bathroom,
drawing the water as he kisses her forehead, holds her hands, unable to find
words.  He helps her into the tub, cries harder as she whines, flinches at the
warm water touching her scalded flesh.  He turns at the whining, the scratching
at the door.  "M-m-maude." Alicia moans, her eyes half-lidded, glazed.  Jared
stands uncertainly, torn.  Taking a deep breath, he turns, dashes to the door,
lets the limping, whimpering dog in.  Her steps are unsteady as she makes her
way uncertainly to her bed.   Collapsing, her eyes close, breath coming in
shallow, whining rattles.

"Reports are coming in-wait, wait . . . my apologies to our viewers, but we
have-ah, yes.  Yes.  Okay, thank you.  Folks, this just in, the lights seem to
be disappearing.  According to all stations reporting in, the lights rose into
the sky and disappeared at 4:27 am Central Standard Time.  Still no comment from
the White House, and Military Spokesman Bill Hallendish has only said that the
lights are not representative of any Military maneuvers.  We go now to
Christabelle Santorini, who is live outside Rentontown, at the farm of Boris
McKinnerary-Christabelle?  Christabelle, can you-I'm sorry, folks, we seem to
have lost Christabelle.  We'll return to her report as soon as possible."

Jared pushes Alicia back into her bed, pulling the covers up over her bruised,
pale body.  She is unresisting, her blue eyes dark with pain, shock.  He holds a
glass of water to her lips, his voice soothing as she swallows compliantly,
barely aware.  Crying softly, Jared crawls in beside her, curls up, his head
resting on her shoulder.  He listens to her light breathing, his eyes locked on
the window across the room.  The lights are back, hovering, glowing, rising
slowly until they disappear above the eave.  He continues to stare, praying
they're gone forever.  He moans as he feels the wet warmth spreading under
him-she's bleeding.  His skin begins to burn, itch where the blood has soaked
under him.  Hugging her close, he closes his eyes, drifts into a troubled sleep.

Alicia holds the toilet for support, sobbing thickly as another sharp heave
takes hold.  Doubling, she vomits again, her whole body tensing as the dark,
sour contents of her stomach splash into the bowl.  She moans, staring at the
wriggling, twisting forms in the dark water.  Like mosquito larvae, they squirm,
jerk.  She whines, shakes her head weakly.  She hurts so bad, her belly, her
ass, her pussy burns, is so sore.  Her throat aches, swallowing is nearly
impossible, yet her mind is a dull blank.  Something happened.  In the corn,
something in the corn.  The memory dances just beyond her grasp, small flashes
gone as quickly as they come.  Another cramp grips her, she curls, heaves again,
whimpering between spasms as more of the squiggly, writhing forms spray into the
toilet bowl.  Another cramp, lower, deeper, and she scrambles weakly, barely
getting her bruised buttocks on the seat before her bowels release, sending a
spraying flood of the squirming horrors into the bowl.  She doubles, hugging
herself, rocking sickly on the seat as her body is wracked by ripping cramps.

Jared stares at the dark puddle of fluid on the porch, then looks at Maude.  The
dog whines, backing slowly away as her belly pulls up tight, begins heaving
again, another rush of thick, liquid vomit splashing the boards.  Jared looks
closely, considering the squirming, larva-like forms swimming in her vomit, then
looks at the trembling German Shepherd.  "Mom?  Mom, I think Maude has worms or
something!"

"So, is she?  Is she pregnant?"  Elayne stares expectantly at the doctor,
already certain that Alicia has gotten herself into trouble.  The depressed
mood, the constant vomiting, lack of appetite, the growing swell to her belly,
and most of all the evasiveness-definitely the signs of a pregnant teen. 

"Well, Elayne, I would have thought so, too, but the blood test comes back
negative."  Dr. Wainwright sits, pushes the results of the blood test across the
desk.  "She's not pregnant-but something is going on with her body."

"What do you mean?"  Elayne's tone is softer now-concerned rather than angry. 

"Her uterus is distending, her breasts are swelling, milk ducts seem to be
kicking into working order-all the signs of pregnancy, but a negative on the
tests."

"Could the tests be wrong?"

"I took a listen-no heart sounds.  The girl isn't pregnant, but---"

"But?"  Elayne sits forward, eyes wide.

"But this could be indicative of---just COULD, certainly not anything definitive
her-but could be indicative of some sort of tumor growth."

"A tumor?  Oh, dear God!"

"Elayne, relax-it's likely nothing but a psycho-somatic thing, but I'd like to
send her over to radiology next week, get some pictures."

Elayne leads Alicia out of the examination room, looks around the waiting area. 
The small room is packed, unusually so.  Pale faces, dull eyes, hands clutched
over bellies as they wait.  A chill runs up her spine as she grasps Alicia's
hand, pulls her from the office.  Something is wrong here.  Are all the doctors'
offices packed with numb looking pregnant women?  Shaking her head, she pushes
the thought from her mind-not her problem.  So long as Alicia isn't one of those
expecting mothers, she's happy.

Alicia moans, leans out the car window, vomits as her belly lurches, writhes. 
It's as if there's something alive, moving inside of her, and the sensation is
horrifying.  "M-mom?  Mom, I think I have bugs inside me."  She begins to cry,
her hands holding her belly tight as a sharp pain moves through her, she feels
her girth expand, flesh and muscles stretching. 

"Bugs?   Jesus, Alicia, what a horrible thing to say!"

"I-it hurts, mom, they're moving inside of me, I can feel them."

"Alicia, stop!"  Elayne blinks back tears-she's worked in psychiatric nursing
long enough to know the signs of schizophrenia when she sees them.  "We'll make
an appointment with another doctor, okay?  He can help you with  . . . with your
belly."

"T-thanks, mom."  Alicia's body shudders as another sharp pain moves through
her, her belly distending further.  She leans out the window, heaves dryly.

Maude lumbers through the pet door, her claws clicking unevenly as she staggers
down the stairs.  Her belly hurts, excruciating, rhythmic cramps moving through
her.  She has to find a secluded spot, she has to be alone.  She whines, slips
between the cracked boards of the shed, curling into a tight ball as another
ripping spasm rocks her.

Jared pads sadly to his room, mom's admonition that he leave Alicia's room
breaking his heart.  Something's wrong, very wrong, he knows it.  Alicia's been
in her room all day, crying, moaning, laying curled on her side as sharp whines
of pain escape her.  Jared has held her hand, watched as her belly grew before
his eyes.  Something moving inside her, writhing like cats under a blanket,
making her skin rise, stretch.  He sits on his bed, crying, wonders if he should
tell mom about last weekend, about Alicia in the corn.  He agonizes, unsure,
afraid.  Sinking to his knees, he begins to say his prayers.

Alicia gasps, gulps hard, her eyes flying wide as she struggles to swallow back
the rising in her throat.  Tearing the sheet off, she rolls from the bed,
staggers, falls to all fours as she begins to gag, choke.  Her belly hangs huge
below her, rippling, rhythmic waves moving through the muscles as her full,
milky breasts swing.  Her mouth hangs open, lips pulled wide in a voiceless
scream as her throat is stretched, filled.  She crawls haltingly, eyes huge,
lungs hitching as she makes her way to the bathroom.  A sharp, searing pain in
her lower abdomen and a thick rush of foul liquid rushes from her pussy, running
down her legs, puddling under her.  She collapses on her back on the cool tile
floor, sudden recall tearing through her mind as a thick, slimy protuberance
slides from her mouth, slithering across her pale face.  Her back arches high,
legs drumming stupidly on the cold floor as the cruel, clenching spasms of her
uterus bear fruit, dark, wet tentacles slipping from her sore pussy, writhing
across her trembling thighs.  Her small fists beat weakly on the floor as her
clenching rectum is forced open from the inside, more thick, snake-like forms
slithering out, squelching across her clammy, shivering flesh.  She thrashes
weakly, unable to make a sound, her eyes giant, stunned, lips stretched taut
around the horrible living things springing from her mouth.

Maude whines, then screams, a terrible, agonized sound muffled by the flesh
coming from her mouth.  Tentacles encircle her trembling back legs, begin
squeezing even as a terrible, caustic fluid seeps from them, burning through her
fur, then into her flesh.  She jerks as sharp points jab deep into her,
injecting her with the acidic substance.  Her front paws scrape helplessly on
the dirt floor of the shed, her eyes glassy, as she pants, writhes.  The snaking
flesh squeezes her, then attaches tightly, begins throbbing as a sick, sucking
noise begins.  Maude whimpers, claws digging, pulling in numb, frantic struggles
as her dissolving flesh becomes food for the dark children she's brought into
the world.

Alicia squirms, a high, weak whine coming from her nose as penetrating, needle
sharp pains torture her, the tentacles springing from her now wrapped tightly
around, holding her firm, slender arms crushed to her sides by the undulating,
fleshy limbs.  She bucks helplessly, eyes dark, shining with terror, shock.  She
trembles violently, her eyes darting jerkily toward the door as her mother calls
her name softly.  Her flesh burns, body jerks as the agonizing sucking starts,
her flesh turning liquid to feed her unnatural offspring.

"Alicia?  Alicia, honey?"  Elayne stands at the door, her face drawn with worry. 
All night she's been awake, worrying.  That Alicia didn't answer during the
night had been almost comforting-her sleep has been so poor this past week.  But
now it's morning, and Alicia is still not responding.  The door is locked, the
key probably somewhere in the room.  Taking a deep breath, Elayne steps back,
kicks the door hard.  Again, then again, grim satisfaction lighting her face as
the wood of the jamb splinters, then gives.  She pushes the door open, steps in
tentatively.  "Alicia?"  She stares at the strange, swimming grayish form on the
bathroom floor, steps forward, her mind unable to identify it.  She moves, head
tilted, "Baby, are you-" her words are cut short by a strong, crushing pain in
her leg.  She stares down even as her leg is jerked hard, bringing her crashing
to the floor.  She lets out a pitiful squeak, her free leg kicking as a thick,
slimy tentacle flies at her face, darting between her lips before she can even
scream. 

Jared's head jerks, his eyes flying to the stairs as he hears the loud thump,
small squeaking cry.  He moans, pushes away from the kitchen table, trembling
violently as he is drawn to the stairs.  Climbing them unsteadily, his voice is
small, quavering.  "M-mom?  Alicia?"  He stops hard, whines, sliding bonelessly
down the wall as his eyes lock on Elayne's writhing form.  His mouth drops open,
he moans stupidly as the tentacles ram mercilessly into her thrashing body, her
clothing pushes aside, holes filled as she bucks, squirms.  Sobbing sickly, he
shakes his head, trembling uncontrollably as one of the thick, grey limbs
slithers across the floor, begins moving up his leg tentatively.  A high, shaky
scream bubbles out of him as the hungry, slimy thing darts up his chest, along
his cheek, its only thought on reproducing.  Jared's screams stop sharply as his
small mouth is filled, his throat stretched open as the alien form drives down
into his belly, throbbing, thrusting, preparing to deposit its eggs in another
warm, incubating body.

"This is a CBND live special report.  Here with details is  Christabelle
Santorini.  Christabelle?"

"Th-thank you, Dick."  The reporter's formerly full, lovely face is pale, drawn,
her eyes dark with pain as she stammers, then begins reading.  "Government
officials are asking th-th-that any citizens, especially--but not limited
to--women who are s-s-suffering nausea, abdominal pain, especially when combined
with memory loss report immediately to the nearest military installation.  It-it
. . ." she pauses, turns, retches dryly before swiping a trembling hand across
her mouth, "it is believed that a particu-par-particularly virulent bug is going
around, and-and-and military hospitals are prepared and best able to provide
ca-ca---"  Her dull eyes widen, her throat moving, gulping as a small, strangled
squeak escapes her throat. Her hands fly to her face, papers fluttering to the
desk as a tentacle, thick, slimy, slithers from her wide mouth, joined by a
second, then a third.  A chorus of high, disgusted cries, a frantic shout to cut
to commercial, and the screen goes blank.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





