BDSM Library - The Dig of a Lifetime




The Dig of a Lifetime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 
The Dig of a Lifetime

Kristen perches at the end of her cot, listening closely as she ties her hiking
boots.  Her tent-mates are sleeping soundly, the camp silent in the night.  She
takes her flashlight, tucking it though a loop at her belt as she rises
stealthily.  Looping her camera over her neck, she moves carefully toward the
netted tent flap.  For two months she and her classmates have lived, worked,
toiled in this jungle.  An internship of sorts, an extended field trip for the
more favored archeology students.  Already students were dropping out, making
the trek back to the city, flying home.  Even Kristen's best friend, Lydia, had
disappeared in the night, after long days of bitter complaint.  Their work had
been slow, unrewarding, the bites, stings, and dysentery far more memorable than
anything they had found.

Until today.

Today she had found IT.  She's sure of it.  A hike to an area their professor
had admonished them to steer clear of, a trip behind some bushes to relieve
herself had revealed a small cave, the entrance obviously hewn by man, not
nature.  She had squealed with delight, then covered quickly, calling out to her
companions that she had sat on a sticker-bush.  This was HER find, she wasn't
about to share it with anyone.  She would explore, take the pictures, PROVE that
she was the star.  She trembles with excitement-this sort of thing can make a
career.  She creeps through the silent camp, smiling eagerly.

Flicking on the flashlight, Kristen peers into the dark brush, stares at the
beam glancing off the water.  She shakes her head, changes course-water is
dangerous around here, the locals tell of snakes so large they can devour a man. 
She looks down at her C cup breasts straining against her tank top.  Not a man,
but certainly as vulnerable, she thinks.  Stepping gingerly through the grabbing
branches, she looks up at the dark silhouette in the distance.  Her destination. 
She trudges on, light skittering across the vegetation.  Soon SHE will be the
center of attention, finally her parents, her sister, her fellow students will
recognize how important she really is.

Reaching the foot of the hill, she pauses, tilts her head-the trouble with
jungles is that they are so loud.  The sound never stops, the crying out of
birds, the splashing, the crunching of steps on the composting floor.  She
stands still, ears perking for anything out of the ordinary.  Taking a deep
breath, she sets off up the hill, bare legs flexing as she climbs.  She slaps at
her thigh, curses herself for wearing shorts.  Okay during the day, but at night
the insects feast. 

Reaching the cave entrance, Kristin pauses, crouches.  Her breath comes in
short, panting gasps, her body covered with a light sheen of sweat.  She runs a
trembling hand through her soaked, dripping blonde hair, her blue eyes peering
into the dark of the cavern.  Sighing, she aims the beam of light into the
blackness, sees nothing.  Nodding, nervous, she crawls in, shines the light
about. 

Nothing.

She whines in frustration, stepping further in.  Wait-a passage, far in the
back, the light nearly skipping over it.  She grins, makes her way carelessly,
quickly, to the back of the main cavern.  She stands, considers which way to go. 
She thinks long, then decides.  Leaning, she shivers, then ducks, crouching to
clear the low passageway.  Her eyes widen as she reaches the next widening
cavern.  She gasps, light dancing over the still forms, glinting off the amassed
treasures.  Graves.  She squeals in excitement, thrilled, dancing deeper into
the silent, ancient mausoleum.  Bending, she runs her hands over the amazing
jewels, eyes huge.  She glances at the long wrapped bodies, grabbing a gem
encrusted necklace from one, slipping it around her neck.  She crows
victoriously, sets the flashlight upended on the rough dirt floor, grasps the
camera, flash exploding in the near dark. 

Two hours and eight rolls of film later, she sighs, nodding, tucking the last
shot roll into her shorts pocket.  Looping the camera around her neck, she
smiles, picks up the now flickering flashlight.  She takes a step, then gasps as
the light goes out.  She slams it against her hip, bringing back a feeble ray. 
She steps toward the low passage, swearing as the light once again goes out. 
"Fuck it-I'll feel my way out, it's not far."  Humming softly to assuage her
fear, she moves slowly through the tight tunnel, her hands running along the
wall. 

Kristin stops, eyes staring into the unrelenting black.  She should be seeing
the cave entrance, she should have seen the moonlight shining five minutes ago,
at least.  She bites back a moan, adrenaline pumping, setting her body to
trembling.  She can't be lost, how could she have gotten lost?   She must have
missed the main cavern somehow, but that's okay, a simple matter of back
tracking, finding the opening.  She turns around, then whirls back, a soft
sliding noise in the dark.  She whines, turns back again, then stops-is this the
right way?  Yes, yes it is . . . isn't it?  She moans, "Oh, Christ."  Another
noise-is that from behind?  Or in front?  She stands, trembling violently, all
sense of direction gone, unable to move, paralyzed by fear.  "Move, MOVE!" She
whispers angrily, eyes brimming with tears.  "Don't just stand here, stupid,
just calm down, be careful, this isn't any big deal."  Drawing a shuddering
breath, she starts walking, hands carefully exploring the rough stone walls.

Breathing a sigh of relief, Kristen steps into the large cavern.  Her hands
leave the wall, she stands, confused.  Where is the light?   She takes a halting
step forward, squeals as her foot catches on something, setting her off balance. 
She staggers, stumbles, then crashes hard to the floor.  Her hands explore the
ground, coming to---she screams, pulls her hand back.  She's back in the burial
chamber, somehow she missed the opening again.  Or . . . she thinks hard.  No,
there was no narrowing, no lowering of the ceiling.  She's come full circle
somehow, so if she continues on, she should---her mind freezes, eyes widening in
the dark as she considers other possibilities.  What if there isn't just one? 
What if there are two, twenty?  Twelve bodies, there should be twelve on twelve
low platforms.  She crawls, hand gingerly stretching, counting.  Ten.  Eleven. 
Twelve.

Thirteen.  Unlike the others, this one is soft, almost warm, the strips of
binding cloth smooth, not frayed or disintegrating under her touch.  Squealing,
she jerks her hand back, collapsing on the floor.  She begins to sob, curling up
on herself.  Her imagination, absolutely, it's not really warmer, newer.  She
nods desperately, not quite daring to test this idea with another touch.  She
fingers the necklace, the jewels, takes a deep, hitching breath.  "Get your shit
together, just turn back.  Turn back and go slow, you'll find it."  Nodding, she
crawls back to the doorway, then stops.  Is this the right doorway?  Is there
another one?  She begins to cry, stands shakily, feeling her way along.

Kristin sits, back against the jagged rock, sobbing exhaustedly.  She stares
tiredly into the black, hugging herself as the cold sinks into her sweating
flesh.  She begins to sing, rocking gently, her eyes fluttering as terror and
tired take over.  She jerks awake with a start, unsure how long she's slept.  A
light?  She blinks, shakes her head as slight shadows begin to dance on the
walls.  A light!  She sighs deeply, begins to call out.  "Hello?  Hello!  I'm up
here, I'm here!"  She stands shakily, begins moving toward the growing glow.

"Oh, thank God."  Kristen holds a hand up, shields her eyes, squinting at the
flickering, jumping torchlight.  "I-I got lost, I don't know how, so stupid, I
don't know how long-"  her voice catches in her throat as a dark hand snakes
forward, grasps the necklace, ripping it from her.  She cries out as the heavy
chain tears at her skin, her hands flying up, snatching for the bauble.  She
gasps as her wrists are grabbed roughly, iron grasp grinding into her flesh as
she is spun on her feet, slammed against the hard rock wall.  Her arms are
wrenched hard behind her, bound tightly, her protesting cries echoing in the
narrow corridors. 

Professor Michael Hodges sighs explosively, his eyes scanning the perimeter of
the dig site. "And none of you heard her go?"  He growls at the shaking heads,
pounds his fist on the table.  "Didn't I tell you people not to wander?  Didn't
I?  That's two in four days-what is wrong with you people?"  He rises, grabs his
canteen, strapping it to his belt next to his gun.  "Alright then, what are we
waiting for-let's find her."  He waits impatiently for his students to gear up,
his eyes narrow, then widening.  "David?  David, where did you go yesterday-you,
Shauna, and Kristen, where did you go?"  He nods, eyes widening as David tells
him, eyes darting to the imposing hill in the distance.  "I told you not to go
there, I told all of you to stay away!"  He claps his hands angrily, hurries the
group, striding off into the forest as they trail behind.

Kristin sobs, her eyes traveling between the dark, native men standing around
her.  Their faces are hard, accusing in the burial chamber.  The apparent
leader, glares, then turns, necklace in hand.  Kneeling beside one of the low
biers, the man's strong voice rings out, his trembling hands returning the
treasure to its rightful place.  Rising, he looks at her, nods his head sharply.

Kristin whines, begging, pleading as the men drag her roughly down a low
corridor.  Giving her a shove, they step back, watch her tumble into the shallow
pool.  Kristin screams, sputters, her long, lovely legs scraping along the
bottom, pulling her up.  She stares up at them, shaking her head desperately as
they follow her in, rough hands pulling at her clothing, a rough stone blade
cutting through the denim of her shorts.  She screams shrilly as the blade nicks
her thigh, drawing a thin line of blood, coloring the water as she struggles. 
Their hands squeeze, maul, her bare breasts the main focus of their attention. 
She kicks violently, whines high when her legs are grasped, pulled apart wide,
painfully.  Her legs are jerked up, she slides helplessly under the water, her
eyes huge with fear as the water pours into her gaping mouth.  She curls up
hard, crunching forward until her face breaks the surface.  She gags, retches,
dragging in a desperate breath as biting leather cord is wound around first one
ankle, then the other.  A long pole is pressed against her heels and the cord is
threaded through holes at either end.  She pants, sobbing, her shapely legs now
trapped wide.

Professor Hodges moves purposefully, pushing aside the thicket as his eyes scan
the ground.  No sign of her.  He's not sure if that's good or bad-he didn't have
her pegged as a quitter, but maybe she made her way to town like the others. 
But, like Lydia, she didn't announce her intentions as the others had.  He has a
terrible feeling that something has happened to her, to both of them, that
they've stumbled into an awful place.  He stops short at the sound of splashing. 
Whirling, his eyes widen in anger, fear.  "Get AWAY from the water, what is
wrong with you?  You WANT to wind up snake food?"

Kristin cries out raspily, pathetically, her hips slamming against the cold
stone altar, the man's giant cock plundering her quivering pussy.  Each cruel
thrust elicits a sharp cry, a gasp.  Her hips jerk, twitch helplessly as her
upper body twists, bound hands clenching into small fists behind her.  She sobs,
squeals, her belly cramping from the force of the fucking.  The leader steps
before her, she drags her wide eyes up, her face a mask of horror as she sees
what he's holding before him.  She drags in a ragged breath, begins to scream
wildly.

The big man smiles grimly, dropping Lydia's tie-dyed shirt and denim jeans to
the floor as he steps closer.  Reaching down, he yanks Kristen's hair hard,
jerking her head up painfully.  He snaps his fingers, grasps the brank handed
him.  Shoving relentlessly, he nods as her mouth opens, accepts the cruel wooden
form.  She whines pathetically, her mouth now trapped open, jaws straining.  He
steps in close, his swollen cock bobbing before her terrified face.  Pulling
back harder on her hair, he pushes his tool past her trapped lips, his smooth,
muscular hips moving in a slow, merciless rhythm, filling her mouth, pressing
against the back of her throat.  His face remains impassive, his ass clenching
as he pushes, pushes, gagging her.  He watches her lithe body thrash helplessly,
knows that her throat can only resist for so long.  Something gives, and she
swallows hard, choking as his meat grinds into her tight, resisting throat.  The
man in her pussy begins to groan low, his cock swelling, twitching in her tight,
sore snatch.  A sharp thrust and his tool explodes, filling her hole with hot,
thick cum. 

Professor Hodges waves, sits heavily.  The heat of the day is already rising,
sweat soaks his shirt.  He pulls off his hat, wipes his drenched brow, eyes
darting, searching.  She's gone to the caverns, he's almost certain.  And if
that's the case, she's lost to them-he's certainly not willing to venture in
after her.  He's known about the caverns for years-many of his colleagues share
his knowledge.  But he knows the stories, the cautionary tales of yet
undiscovered tribes who use those caves still.  He knows of three researches
whose expeditions to those caves ended with their mysterious disappearances. 
City dwellers talk in hushed tones of the snake people, worshipping the
anaconda, sacrificing those who disturb their burial sites.  He lets out a
shuddering breath, prays that he's wrong, that Kristen and Lydia have gone to
the city seeking passage home.

Kristin's breath comes in short, abortive gasps as the huge cock drives into her
face.  Her eyes stare into the dark pubic hair, her mind plodding dully as
another tool prods, pokes, then pushes cruelly into her raw pussy.  The warm
body in the burial chamber, the fresh, crisp wrapping.  Lydia.  It had to be
Lydia.  She sobs, her cries cut off by vicious thrusts into her spasming throat. 
The pace quickens, she feels the telltale jerking.  She groans, then gags,
sputters, swallowing desperately as her face is flooded with sour jizz.  Her
throat works reflexively, constricting, swallowing hard, milking the cruel meat. 
She gasps, whines as the offending tool is withdrawn.  Another steps before her,
she squeezes her eyes shut, screaming hoarsely.

Professor Hodges looks over his shoulder at the students far below, then back at
the entrance to the cave. His eyes linger on the obviously fresh boot prints,
the broken branches on the small bush.  Taking a deep breath, he scrapes his
foot back and forth, blots out the prints, then turns back, shaking his head. 
"There's no sign up here-she must have turned off somewhere.  Maybe she did head
for the city-we should go back, radio to find out."   Waving them off, he
pauses, head cocked as he hears something-something.

Kristin stares numbly at the hard, cold floor, her animal-like whines punctuated
by sharp, barking cries as the huge man grinds his cock into her tight, virgin
asshole.  He begins thrusting fast, furious, his large, dark fingers digging
into her slim, pale hips, holding her firm as he pumps her ass hard.  She grunts
with every ripping stroke, her eyes glassy, stunned, her pretty face scraping
across the rough rock beneath her, breasts swaying, jouncing below her.  Her
thighs are slick, soaked with cum, her trapped-wide mouth still dribbling.  She
gasps, jerks, her head rising as she hears a voice.  A voice!   She screams
shrilly, rippingly, her wide open mouth straining, lips curling around the
torturing device in her face.  The professor, she knows it, she knows.  She
screams again, sobbing, praying for rescue as the shredding tool in her ass
swells, spits forth its foul load into her aching bowels.

Professor Hodges coughs loudly, masking the faint screams echoing from the
cavern.  He blinks hard, coughs again.  He can't, he won't.  Such pain, the
screams are agonized, desperate.  He takes a deep, shuddering breath, surprised
at the tingle setting in below the belt.  He knows what they're doing, he's read
of the ritual rapes before sacrifice.  A nice girl, a beautiful girl, he moans,
a mixture of pity, horror . . . and jealous desire.  Another pained cry, he
shakes his head hard, turns away, makes his way down the steep incline.

Kristin kicks frantically as her legs are released, then grabbed, the thin,
strong leather knotted off, binding her ankles together.  She is lifted
carelessly, effortlessly, carried through a series of caverns, more biers, more
treasures.  She sobs, thrashes ineffectually in their grasp, blood and cum
mingling in a tacky mixture between her bound legs.  Her eyes stare sickly as
they stop, their foreign voices murmuring around her.  She is thrust roughly to
the floor, staring up, sobbing, her voice coming out in garbled, unintelligible
pleas. 

The leader bends, grabs her hair, pulls her face to his.  "You have violated our
most holy place."  His voice is low, accent thick, barely understandable.  "You
have stolen from the dead.  For this you will die."  He shakes his head sharply
at her sobs, her increasingly loud whines.  "If you are lucky, Cihuacoatl will
devour you, releasing your essence to the caverns leading to the next life."  He
yanks her hair hard as her eyes flutter, her breath becomes labored, shallow. 
"If Cihuacoatl chooses not to partake of you, you will be trapped forever here,
bound tightly, your consciousness eternally caged in the confines of your
crushed, decaying body."  He pulls her to her feet, dragging her to the edge of
a round, ten foot deep pit.  "Either way, you pay with this life for your crime,
and the spirits of our dead are vindicated."  He nods to another who kneels,
cuts through the leather at her ankles.  Grabbing her hair, the leader nudges
her roughly, her feet scrabbling as they slide over the edge.  He nods at her
screams, his strong arm lowering her by the hair as she thrashes, twists
violently, her bare feet scraping frantically, seeking purchase on the rough pit
walls.

Professor Hodges sits heavily in the shade, his trembling hands fumbling with
his canteen.  How can he do this?  How?  He drinks deeply, his eyes squeezed
shut against the threatening tears.  Capping off his water, he pulls out his
wallet, flips it open, looking longingly at the pictures of his wife, their
sons.  That's how.  He can do this because he wants to see his family again,
doesn't want to leave them alone.  He nods shakily, slips his wallet back into
his pocket.  He told them not to go there.  He takes a deep breath, sighs.  He
told them.

Kristin whines frantically, falls hard to her side as her hair is released.  She
stares up at the circle of torches, sobbing, screaming hoarsely, her blue eyes
wide, pleading.  A noise, low, ominous, captures her attention.  She squirms to
her belly, struggles to work her knees under her, eyes peering into the darkness
of the pit.  Her eyes dart in terror, skipping, then returning-a dark shape,
curling, moving.  She squints, tears blurring her vision as she rises to her
battered knees, cum slick thighs sliding sickeningly against each other.  She
moans gutturally, terror rising, crashing over her, her bladder releasing as
realization dawns heavily.  She whines high, staggering to her feet, full
breasts heaving with each panting breath. 

The men stand solemnly, watch as Cihuacoatl stirs.  The torch light dances
faintly off his strong markings, shining as he glides forward, tongue darting,
testing the air.  Their god stops, his head rising, swaying back and forth as he
senses her.  They stare, enrapt as the 30 foot anaconda considers the girl's
trembling, sweating form.

Kristin moans in horror as the giant snake's head rises, its tongue darting
faster as its body coils dangerously.  She struggles to walk, her weak,
trembling legs failing her, sending her staggering. She overbalances, cries out
sickly as she begins to fall forward.  A lightning flash, and pain explodes in
her arm, teeth sinking into soft flesh.  Heavy, cruel coils around her,
encircling chest and waist before she can hit the hard rock floor.  She draws a
pained, terrified breath, screams deep, ripping, the sound cut short by a sharp,
crushing constriction.  She gasps, grunts, her struggles wild, furious as the
snake continues to coil around her, her feet kicking frantically as the cool
scales slide between her legs, tighten, dragging one up painfully.  She bucks,
gasps, her eyes huge, staring up at the dark faces above her as she lets out a
small, breathless cry.  Another constriction, sharp, cruel, grinding the air out
of her lungs with a hoarse grunt.  Kristin's tongue protrudes, swipes
desperately over her trapped lips as her body is curled, dragged into a V, leg
bent to chest as the snake's teeth release her arm.  She whines breathlessly as
its giant head slides up her neck, over her ear, dragging her long hair over her
reddening face.

Professor Hodges stalks into his tent, pulling the flap down behind him.  He
sits down hard, eyes searching the stacks of books, settling on the desired
tome.  Cracking the book open, he flips through, finds the piece he's looking
for.  He stares at the paintings-depictions of women ritually raped, then thrown
to the snake god.  He wipes his lips, his breathing labored as he considers the
naked women, hands lashed behind their backs, legs trapped open, their red lips
caught around some ancient torture device as their bodies are used by the dark
priests.  More pictures, their lovely bodies squeezed in steel-like coils, legs
spread, genitalia red, sore.  He looks at their faces, terror, horrified
comprehension, agony blended perfectly, their trapped open mouths screaming,
eyes bugged.  The last painting-oh, God, she even looks like Kristin.  Her
tongue protruding, fingers stretched out pathetically, the top third of her head
enveloped by the hungry snake's mouth.  He moans, his hand fumbling with his
fly.  He pulls out his rigid cock, begins stroking furiously, his eyes closed,
hearing Kristin's screams, seeing her struggling, being slowly devoured by
Cihuacoatl.

Kristin gasps shallowly, her eyes bugged, staring as the anaconda's jaws
unhinge, its mouth working slowly, wetly back and forth over her skull.  Her
fingers stretch helplessly behind her, her free leg drumming a sick, desperate
rhythm on the hard floor.  This isn't happening, can't be happening.  Her tongue
works her trembling lips, her breasts squeezed up between the coils, darkening
as the blood is cut off.  The sound, the slithering, slimy squelch of the
snake's saliva, the cool, agonizing weight of its coils around her, and she
explodes into motion again, her head whipping back and forth as the snake pushes
down, taking more of her skull into its mouth.   She jerks, bucks insanely as
her eyes are achieved, darkness enveloping her.  Another crushing constriction,
something gives, warm, thick blood bubbling into her mouth.  She gurgles weakly,
her struggles reduced to feeble, trembling jerks of her legs.  Her small hands
clench, stretch, clench again as the snake's mouth works over her nose, then her
chin.  A thin spray of blood explodes from its mouth as it clenches down on her
again, grinding her ribs to pieces, driving the shards into her lungs, her
heart.  Her body thrums violently, trembling, convulsing, then falls still.

Professor Hodges moans, then gasps, a shattering climax shaking him.  His hand
works jerkily as his twitching cock explodes, looping globs of cum shooting up,
splattering his belly, his chest.  He continues stroking, another load rising,
flying up.  He sighs, the image of Kristin, used, terrified, being crushed and
devoured etched in his mind.  He blinks back tears, wishing not that he had
saved her, but that he had seen her die.

The rope loops over Kristin's still warm ankle, tightens, pulling her limp body
up out of the pit.  Cihuacoatl did not want her.  After an hour of working at
her shoulders, her head deep in its mouth, the snake had given up, gone back to
its corner.  The men look at her crushed, boneless form, her blond hair matted
with saliva, the skin of her face already blistering from the digestive acids. 
They lift her, carry her back to the altar room for preparation.

Shauna backs away from Professor Hodges' tent, her eyes wide.  Something is
wrong, something-he's done something to Kristin, maybe to Lydia, too.  She saw
him, jerking off, his strangled voice whispering Kristin's name.  The hill, she
knows that he's hiding something, he knows something.  The hill-whatever he's
done, whatever is going on, that's where the answers are.  She nods resolutely,
walks back to her tent.  She thought she heard something on that hill.  If it
was Kristin or Lydia, she means to find out, save them if she can.

The dark men bear the tightly wrapped figure reverently, laying it gently on the
low stone bier.  The leader steps forward, his voice low, his shaking hands
laying Kristin's camera and film, her earrings and engagement ring on the soft,
white strips binding her chest.  They look at each other, nod sadly.  They had
hoped that this one would achieve the next life-it's what they always hope for,
regardless of the crime, and this one's struggles had been so much more
impressive than the last's.  But again the offender is trapped forever in this
terrible place, tortured soul caged in the rotting flesh.  They turn, torches
lighting their way as they leave the cavern, fourteen now instead of thirteen,
two more than just a few days ago.  They walk silently, returning to their
village to tell of the latest invader of their sacred place, of Cihuacoatl's
rejection of their offering. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





