BDSM Library - A Hard Lesson Learned




A Hard Lesson Learned
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is not ready when her Master comes home with company, causing Him embarrasment.
	A Hard Lesson Learned



	I was tired. Although I had only worked four hours, it had been a day
from hell.  After getting home, cleaning house and starting dinner, I decided to
have a quick nap. My Master was not due home for another hour and a half, plenty
of time to catch a snooze, shower, shave and refresh my hair and makeup, then
meet Him at the door when He entered. Setting my alarm clock for one hour, I
curled up on the bed. My peaceful slumber was ended when I felt the harsh sting
of a paddle against my ass. My eyes popped open and I saw the clock.. I did not
get up and my Master was home and very angry.  When my ass was completely red,
my Master took the flogger and started on my back and legs. My body stung with
each new blow.  " Turn over bitch, legs up and spread". I quickly turned and now
my pussy was exposed, and it had not been shaved, my shame flooded to my face
turning it as red as I felt my ass must have been. My Master started with the
switch straight on my clit, the pain was sharp and quick. I felt my juices start
to flow.  Again He picked up the flogger and this time used it on my tits and
stomach. When my Master was sure every part of my body was red, I was ordered to
get off the bed and take the position.  I fell to my knees, crossed my feet,
hands behind my neck and mouth open.  My Master shoved a dildo in my open mouth
and left the room.  Tears were in my eyes for I knew I had disobeyed my Master
and, to my horror, I heard another male voice and realized my Master had
company! 	

	I froze in place at the bedroom door, My Master called me and I crawled
into the living room and went to my place between His legs. I was  ordered to go
get dinner on the table. I started to remove the dildo but my Master told me it
was to stay. I crawled to the kitchen and stood while I prepared the meal, my
Master called and told me to set the table for three. I quickly glanced in the
living room and saw a female sitting near Sir Roger.  The men were speaking
while she sat there watching me. I lowered my eyes, for I did not know who or
what she was.

	After setting the table and placing my two bowls at my Master's chair, I
crawled back to the living room and to my Master. He asked if dinner was ready,
and with the dildo still in my mouth I could just nod my head. I followed my
Master and His guests up to the dining room door, there I stopped and took my
normal position. I waited until my Master called and I scurried to His feet.  My
Master removed the dildo and I turned my ass to Him. He took His finger and felt
my pussy, which was now very wet. He laughed and asked Sir Roger if He would
like to feel. Sir Roger took His fingers and played with my clit and shoved two
fingers into my pussy. When He removed them He placed them before my face and I
promptly cleaned them.  The next hand I felt was a very soft, feminine one shyly
touching my wetness. Her hand was placed before me for cleaning also. My Master,
satisfied, told me I could now eat. I leaned over to eat and felt my Master
sliding the dildo into my pussy and placing it on full power. The urge to cum
was unbearable, but without permission, I had to deal with it. My body started
to shiver and my Master laughed and quickly removed the dildo. He stood and left
the room. I stood and cleared the table and cleaned the kitchen. When I was done
I crawled to the living room.

	Upon entering the room I noticed that the other female was now cuffed
and chained to the ceiling. My Master came and led me to her and told me to
remove her clothes. Slowly I stood and started to unbutton the blouse, but, her
hands being chained, I could not remove the sleeves. Sir Roger told me to tear
it off. I looked into the eyes of this young woman and they told me it was
alright to do so. I went behind her back and tugged at the shirt till it
released. She was not wearing a bra, so I moved to her skirt. When that was
removed I noticed she did not have any panties on just a garter belt. Sir Roger
said to leave the garter belt and stockings. My Master ordered me to my knees
and my face was even with her clean pussy, the shame hit me again that my pussy
had not been shaved that day. My Master took my hands and placed them behind her
back and cuffed them. I took my tongue and ran it over her clit. Her juices
flooded into my mouth, she tasted sweet and very warm. Her soft moans changed to
sharp screams when Sir Roger started with the whip on her back. I continued my
job of pleasing her as Sir Roger whipped her. She came suddenly, strong and
hard. Her body went limp and she was crying. Sir Roger released my hands and my
Master led me by the hair to the corner of the room. I was told to stand spread
eagle in the corner.  My Master kissed the nape of my neck before my whipping
began. Still sore from the first whipping, I felt as if I were being torn open,
but I knew that my Master would not draw blood. I stayed as still as I could but
soon found myself trying to avoid the whip. This movement just brought on more
and harder hits. My tears were flowing as free as the juices between my legs.

	My Master grabbed my hair again and I was taken into the dining room and
placed on the table. My legs and arms were tied and clamps put on my tits, pussy
lips and clit. The clamps were attached to a chain that was hooked to the
ceiling beams. I smelled the burning candle before the wax was dripped over the
clamps and over my clit and rest of my body. My body, from legs to head, was now
covered with traces of wax. My Master told me to open my mouth and a cloths pin
was placed on my tongue.  The lights were turned off and my Master and Sir Roger
left the room. I could hear their voices as they spoke of the other female. My
Master seemed pleased with her and said that Sir Roger found a good one.  The
pain in my body was growing intense and I  wanted to call out to my Master, but
I did not want to embarrass Him any more. A shadow came over the door, and the
new female entered the room. She came over and gently touched the clamps. She
touched each one and then came and planted a kiss right on my mouth. She wiped
the tears from my eyes and said good night. Sir Roger came in and turned my face
to Him and told me to open my mouth. When I did He inserted His cock and I
started sucking.  As he fucked my mouth, Sir Roger played with my clit. I knew
my Master was there watching and I knew if I pleased Him, my Master would be
pleased with me. Sir Roger did not take long to cum in my mouth and I swallowed
as fast as I could as not to lose any of the cum. Without a word He left, and I
heard the front door open and close.

	My Master came in, removed the clamps and untied me. Pulling me by the
hair He tossed me on my bed and proceeded to tie me down. He placed a lead on my
collar and tied that to the bedpost also. He felt my pussy and was not pleased,
for I was very wet.  "Tomorrow is Saturday and for your disobedience and the
embarrassment you caused me, you will be punished. What happened tonight will
never happen again. Sleep my bitch for tomorrow will come early" Turning the
light off He left me alone, crying and excited about what will come.......



	I woke up and my body was stiff and very sore. I heard my Master in the
"play room" knowing He was getting ready for my day of punishment.  When He
entered my room He started right away with a flogger on my pussy. I had to pee
and I tried to tell Him. With each blow, my bladder was getting weaker.  Then
without warning I started to pee on the bed.  Master got irritated and untied
me, grabbing me by my hair, He led me to the bathroom and placed me in the
shower. Turning on the cold water He took the soap and washed my pussy and legs.
" I am not going to have a wet and smelly slave today" Leaving me in the shower,
my Master went and found my shaver and lotion and told me to shave quickly. With
my Master watching, I shaved my pussy clean.  Attaching the lead to my collar my
Master pulled me from the shower into the playroom. I was still wet and the room
was very cold, my nipples responded very quickly.  My Master noticed and taking
a ruler started to slap each tit.  Knowing I deserved the punishment I stood
still until He was done.

	I was left standing there when my Master was finished so I tried to look
around to see what my Master had in store for me. My Master caught me looking,
"Bitch keep your eyes straight or I will have to blind fold you".  I tried very
hard not to watch, but curiosity got the best of me again. Without a word my
Master put the blind fold on then led me to the low table.  He tied rope around
each tit and then down to my pussy and up my ass. The rope pressed against my
clit and I felt the throbbing start.  My Master laid me down on the table and I
felt Him pulling my nether lips together and placing cloths pins to help keep
the rope in place. More pins were clipped to my stomach, my tits, and the inside
of my thighs.  By the time my Master was done, I was moaning and tears were
soaking my blind fold.  My Master moved me so that my ass was at the very edge
of the table and me feet flat on the floor. First He cuffed my legs to the table
and then cuffed my hands together above my head. Checking the tautness of the
chains, I heard Him saying that it was good. Not being able to see what was
about to happen made every sound echo in my head. The echoing stopped when the
first crack of the whip sent my head spinning. I must have started to cry out
for after a few whips my Master came a shoved a gag in my mouth. More whips
followed. I could not move, could not see or hear and could not think anymore.
The pain was all that I was focusing on. My body responded on its on accord,
what little movement I could make was made. I heard my Master yell at me to stay
still and take my punishment the way a good slave does.  I so wanted to be the
good slave for Him, but my body had other ideas. Soon the whipping was over and
I was exhausted, my throat sore and no tears were left.  My Master removed my
gag and placed a piece of ice in my mouth. It was cold and soothed my parched
throat.  I was hoping the punishment was over, and fearing that it was just
beginning.

	My Master removed the chains and helped me to stand. I was tired and
very weak so my Master helped support me as He led me me to another table. 
After removing all the pins, my Master placed me on my stomach. My legs were
spread and tied to the side of the table and my arms again were tied above my
head.  I heard the sound of the "violet wand" and tried to brace myself for the
shock. My Master started at my feet, short jabs at first and more lingering ones
as He continued up my legs. He left the longest one on my pussy. I was screaming
and tears were flowing.  My Master kept working His way up my body. A touch here
and a touch there, finally ending with the tips of my fingers. I was exshasted
and was starting to enter "sub space".

	"Bitch, you were not given permission to go there" to bring me back, my
Master untied me and sat me up. I felt the sudden shock of ice water as it was
poured over my head.  My Master started to pull on my very hard nipples and
twisted them. "Does my unworthy slave wish to cum?'

	"Sir, yes my Master  oh my Master please let me cum" I did not know if I
could wait for permission.	

	"You cause me embarrasment in front of a Dom and His slave and now you
think you have the right to cum Bitch? Do you think you have payed enough for
all that embarrasment?"

	I did not know how to answer, with the blindfold on I could not see His
face, if I could it would have helped me.  I could not tell by just His voice, I
needed to see His face.

	"Sir, your bitch is sorry and i will take your punnishment for as long
as you feel necessary my Master"

	"Damn right slut, you will take this and you are not permitted to cum at
all today, or for the rest of the month for that matter. I will not tolerate
what happened yesterday. I am going to make sure that you will never repeat that
performance. Now come with me bitch this is not over yet."

	My Master had me stand with my legs spread and my hands on the back of
my head.  He removed the blind fold and the light starteled me.  The whipping
started with a small flogger and after every ten or so whips a larger one was
used.  My Master would walk around me as I was being flogged.  All parts of my
body was being covered. Standing still was the hardest thing to do, but I knew
it was one of the best ways for me to remember not to do something.  My Master
would talk to me reminding me why I was being punished.  When He stopped, He
placed His hand between my legs and started rubbing the lips of my pussy. I
started to moan and grind my body down on His hand. He opened my lips and placed
with my clit, my head started to spin, I did not think I was going to be able to
stay standing. As quickly as He started He stopped and walked away.

	"Whore, I'm hungry, go make my lunch and serve me in my room."

	I quickly went and made My Master lunch and took it to Him. When I
entered His room, He was not alone. Sir Roger and His slave from last night were
there.  I placed my Master's lunch before Him and lowered my eyes. "Bitch do you
have anything to say to Sir Roger?"

	"Sir Roger, this slut wishes to appologize for her behavior last night.
I did not wish to cause You or my Master any embarrassment. Sir I beg Your
forgivenes."

	"On all fours Bitch, and get that mouth ready to serve" Sir Roger stood
and removed His pants as I took my position.  I opened my mouth and received His
cock.  As I sucked, He started to spank my ass with His hand.  I heard Him speak
but did not understand what was being said. I felt my legs being spread apart
and I was aware that someone was now playing with my pussy.  First with fingers
and then with tongue. I knew now that it was Sir Roger's slave. She stroked my
clit and then started to suck on it. I sucked harder on the cock in my mouth.
Sir Roger came and I swallowed. As He took His cock out. the slave stopped and
moved from between my legs. I was tingling and knew that one touch would set me
into climax.

	My Master told me to lay at His feet and to rest.  He petted my head and
told me that punisment was over. I curled up at is feet and sighed. The last
thing I remembered was Him placing His foot on my ass.  I fell asleep with a
smile on my lips.  I will think twice though the next time I think of taking a
nap before my Master comes home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kelli


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





