BDSM Library - Family Shoot 2000




Family Shoot 2000
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother hears about a bondage company doing projects on female family members. She and her grandma can use some extra money and decide to give it a try. They are not disappointed...
Family shoot 2000

After my father died, mom sold the house and moved into a high-rise for seniors.
When she was done paying all the medical bills, she had a small nest egg to go
along with dad's social security. She wasn't eating cold pet food and she had
full cable and air conditioning, but she wasn't dining out very much, or going
to movies, or making casino trips either. She would allow us to take her to
dinner occasionally and to places with the kids, but wouldn't accept any money
from us.

A few months ago she called me and said that one of her neighbors had told her
about a photographer who was doing a book on mothers and daughters. Her friend
didn't have any daughters in the area, so she didn't bother to check it out. Mom
looked into it and called me. She said that he paid 40 dollars an hour plus a
bonus for referrals. Well, I thought that this would be a good way for mom to
get a little extra money. Mom made all the arrangements. My two daughters and I
picked her up and we drove to the studio. I should have known something funny
was going on when the studio turned out to be a suite of offices in a small
building. It was nicely furnished, not sleazy or anything, but it was obviously
an office-type setup. The receptionist had us fill out what she said were
standard model releases, but other than saying that he was taking pictures to be
used in a book about mothers and daughters, didn't give us any other info.

We met with the photographer and he explained more. He made it very clear that
the majority of his models were over 18. My 16 and 14 year olds gave me such
pitiful looks that I agreed to sign for them. To his credit, he said that maybe
I should wait until I knew exactly what kind of pictures would be taken. He
explained that he was one of several photographers in various cities working for
anonymous collectors. Their passion was photos and videos of mothers and
daughters tied up at the same time. We were all a little taken back at that.
Again to his credit, he said that if we wished to leave he would understand and
pay us each for one hour. He admitted that only about 10 percent of those who
came in actually posed.

Mom asked him what kind of pictures exactly. He smiled and produced a large
photo album. We all looked through it. Most of the poses were basic TV and movie
type stuff. There were some lingerie and swimsuit ones. It was a little strange
seeing a woman obviously in her mid 50s and another in her late 20s, quietly
laying on the floor tied in their underwear. I was ready to end the meeting, but
mom suddenly said she wanted to do it. My daughters had that 'wow kewl' look in
their eyes, so I took a deep breath and told him that I would sign the papers
for my daughters. He said that just to make sure we knew what we were getting
into, he gave us a list of specifics. It spelled out exactly what was covered by
the 40 dollar fee and how much for 'extras'.

A ballgag was an extra 10 dollar per hour, hogtie an extra 10, open blouse an
extra 20, bra and panties an extra 20, topless an extra 40, full nudity an extra
50. I had no idea what a ballgag or hogtie was and said so. He showed us several
pictures in the album to illustrate them. I recognized the hogtie from TV and
movies, but wasn't too sure about that ballgag. But then again, just about every
set had a few pictures of everyone involved hogtied and ballgagged. So, I
basically just mentally shrugged my shoulders and figured to give it a try. I
decided that bra and panties was as far as I would go. Mom said that the money
was really tempting, but agreed with me. Mom and I had to gang up on the girls
to shut them up about going nude or topless.

The photographer was very charming about it and said that his client would be
very pleased if mom and I went topless. Money and flattery, but we demurred. A
few minutes later his receptionist brought in more papers, spelling out exactly
what we had agreed on. I was surprised that we would be paid the full rate for
four hours, regardless of how long we actually spent wearing ballgags or bra and
panties. As we were signing all the paper work, the photographer said that he
would give us a couple of days to make sure we wanted to go through with it. He
would rather lose a bonus than have problems during the shoot or after.

He also gave us a list of acceptable clothes and said that he could advance
money if we needed to buy things. The list was pretty much standard office-type
clothing, warm weather shorts and tops, and normal mainstream lingerie. He made
it very clear that his client wanted normal people in normal clothes in normal
situations. No problem, but said I wasn't really clear exactly where ballgags
were considered a normal occurrence. He just smiled and said that the client
provided ballgags in a very wide range of sizes. His receptionist gave us copies
of everything, the pay for this first visit, and the date and time for the
actual shoot. The next day we had a great time buying new shoes, pantyhose, and
few pieces of 'special clothing'.

All in all, the girls and I would each clear about 400 dollar for only 4 hours
of our time. Mom would get 50 more for bringing me and the girls. The thing that
really convinced me to go along with it was the album. The ages, 12 to 82, and
just plain normalness of the models is what did it. They were not movie starlet
glamorous, they were just everyday women and girls. Plus, they just looked like
they were having fun. I was sure our family would fit in perfectly. Me being 40,
my daughters 16 and 14, and mom 62 but still looking great. There was a cover
sheet giving first names, ages, and relationships with each section of the
album. I was a little surprised that there were quite a few 3 generation groups,
and even a couple of 4 generation groups. What really caught my eye though was
one 'family group' picture. It was just like those old Victorian pictures with
the matriarch sitting on the special center chair, her adult daughters and
granddaughters seated around her, with the younger granddaughters and great
granddaughters seated on the ground. Except in this case they were all tied,
ballgagged, and smiling.

The shoot took place the following week. To our surprise, the studio in the
office building looked a lot like an ordinary living room. With the exception of
spotlights hanging from the ceiling, there was hardly any difference. The
photographer told us again that his client wanted everything to be as normal as
possible. Then he called the receptionist and introduced her as his assistant
for the session. She told us that she had been into this kind of work for the
last 5 years. Because of her experience, she usually handled the bondage and
also the positions the models would be tied in.

After some coffee and refreshments, the man explained to us the procedure. The
first hour of the shoot would focus on standard bondage and normal clothes. In
the second hour mom and I would be in panties and bra, while the kids would be
in their swimsuits. In the third hour we would all be in our underwear. The last
hour would be more or less the same, except for some Japanese-style bondage.

The receptionist turned out to be a genuine rope expert. She had us bound and
gagged in no time. Despite her speedy work, the ropes were tight and real. We
were sitting on plain kitchen chairs, hands bound behind our backs and feet
bound together. Our elbows and knees were bound at the same time. With my
limited knowledge about bondage, I asked if it wasn't enough to just have our
hands and feet tied. The man told us that it would look so much better on film
this way. Moreover, they were simply following the client's orders, he stated.
Next our wrists and ankles were linked together via extra ropes under the seats
of the chairs. I noticed that my feet were no longer touching the ground. Just
when I found the courage for another question, my mouth was filled with a big
ballgag. The room went suddenly very quiet and it hit me that we were now truly
helpless. The man started taking a lot of pictures. We found ourselves bound and
gagged in several positions: sitting together at the table, sitting near each
other facing the window, sitting in the middle of the room, etc. It was a
strange sensation being moved through the room without being able to do anything
about it.

In the second hour things got a bit more spicy. Mom and I were now in panties
and bra. We were sitting on the ground, bound to each other back-to-back. My two
daughters were crawling on the floor near us. They were in their new bathing
suits and bound in the so-called 'hogtie' position. Their hands and feet were
almost touching. I noticed they had to bend their backs because of the tight
ropes. We were all gagged with the same type of ballgags as before. After some
time, the kids were lifted and moved closer to us. The youngest one was placed
on my upper legs, while the other one landed in mom's lap. Again, a lot of
pictures were taken before the photographer was satisfied.

After a short brake we entered the third hour of the session. The whole family
was now in their underwear and hogtied on the floor. Some thirty minutes went by
while the man was taking pictures from all angles. Then he asked everyone to
move around for more fun and action. This was easier said than done because of
the strict bondage we were in. I tried the best I could, but suddenly felt my
bare breasts touching the carpet. Due to the squirming, my bra had slipped off
and left me topless. I felt my face reddening when I looked around for some
help. I saw the man and his assistant sitting on the floor next to mom. When I
took a closer look, I saw that she was topless too. It seemed we were both in
the same kind of trouble. Then I noticed something else: Even from a distance I
could see her hard and erect nipples. The man had his camera close to the ground
and was taking one picture after another. I was surprised about mom's lack of
protest or demur. Her face was as red as mine and there was a strange look in
her eyes. As best as I could I turned away not to embarrass her or myself any
further. Not long after that incident, the third hour was up and everybody was
released by the assistent.

The fourth hour found us in what the man had referred to as 'Japanese' bondage.
Our hands were tied behind our backs, but not in the way we were used to. They
were pulled up high between the shoulder blades. The kids had no problem with
that, but mom and I needed some help to get there. Then extra ropes were added
around the shoulders and arms to prevent our hands from shifting. This was
really a weird position to be tied in. The only thing I could move were my
useless fingers. I wasn't in any pain or discomfort, but it felt just like
having no arms at all. The rest of the bondage was more or less the same as
before. We were standing in the middle of the room while our knees and feet were
tied together. After the ballgags were applied, we waited patiently for things
to come.

First our bras were removed and everyone had to stand around mom. Next I had to
kneel in front of her with my face close to her panties. Then the kids were
ordered to stand side by side with her. It seems that the session had turned us
into a certain mood, because nobody made any real attempt to protest. The
photographer explained that there would an extra fee of 50 dollar for
'specials'. He also stated that everything was spelled out in the fine print of
the contracts. I knew for sure that none of us had taken the trouble to actually
read all the paper work. For the rest of the afternoon we were introduced to the
more stringent sides of bondage. We were completely undressed and thoroughly
bound in the Japanese way. The room was very quiet except for the sound of the
clicking of the camera. It was a very strange and unreal situation. Here we
where bound and naked in some studio, while at the same time we could hear
phones ringing in the other offices.

At the end of the session we had to gather around mom for a sort of family
portrait. The assistant stood next to us and was holding a whip in one hand and
some rope in the other. Nothing happened so I figured she was only there for
decoration and contrast. Probably to make it even more bizarre, the man ordered
us to look straight into the camera and smile the best we could. The same
setting was repeated a couple of times throughout the room. However, with every
new scene some attributes were added. First there were leather blindfolds for
everyone. Then the assistant took (what we thought to be) a paintbrush and wrote
some text on our bellies and bottoms. After another dozen or so pictures, our
bodies were cleaned up and the man told us that the session had come to an end.

Some thirty minutes later everything was back to normal. We were sitting in the
office discussing the events that had taken place. The man told that he had
taken a lot of good and artistic pictures. He was convinced that his client
would be fully satisfied by our performance. The pain I had in my arms and legs
was soon forgotten after receiving an envelop containing our fee. During the
session there had been some distressing moments, but in the end the photographer
turned out to be as genuine as we thought he would be. Mom was speaking for all
of us when she told him we would be willing to do this again. The man smiled and
showed us a large file containing the offers he had received during the last
three months. Until now we never did hear from him again, but I know we're
secretly hoping for another invitation to his office...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Janet Helder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





