BDSM Library - Dogwoman 1912




Dogwoman 1912
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Epic misadventure of a failed Japanese geisha deciple sold to a brothel for foreigners.
Dogwoman 1912

copyright Chako (c)1998- 2003
http://home.europa.com/~chako/e-index.html

-- Chapter One: In Yukata --
 
 

My foster parents sold me when I was eight.
The women trader took me to an okiya in Fukagawa.
As a geisha apprentice, I was given every kind of small chores in the house.
In the morning, I got up before dawn and cleaned the yard and street.
I prepared everyone's breakfast.
Around noon, when I was through with the laundry of "the sisters," I prepared
lunch.
Afternoon was spent in lessons in shamisen and dance at the masters' places.
On coming back, I had to help with the dressing of the geishas.
I made powder-water and put it on their faces and necks, with a brush, layer on
layer.
I was so slow that even gentle Sister Momoka, as well as quick-tempered Sister
Fujiwaka, scolded me.

The okiya had two other apprentices besides me.
They were also sold by their parents.
Fumi-chan was two years senior to me.
Ine-chan was four years senior.
Having spent three years in such training, Ine-chan was best of us in
everything.
Fumi-chan was brought here a half year before I was.
She was the most beautiful of us.
Although Fumi-chan had a slight squint, the mistress of the house said that was
a part of her attraction.
Ine-chan, born in Akita Prefecture in northern Japan, had very fair skin.
Much older than me, her body was somehow riper than mine.
At the public bathhouse, I could not look straight at her body.
I was...so skinny and dark.
When I came to the house, the mistress said, "Wow, she looks like a root just
dug out of the earth."
I was the least promising apprentice of the three.
Ine-chan and Fumi-chan were kind to me, but they were too busy with their own
tough lives to take care of a loser like me.

In the year after I came here, Ine-chan was entitled as a geisha.
The owner of Minatoya, a big rice retailer, became the patron of Ine-chan.
The owner, also from Akita Prefecture, liked Ine-chan's lingering Akita accent.
The mistress and geishas had said, "We can't qualify her as a geisha until she
grow out of that provincial accent."
"We cannot know what awaits us in the future," I said to myself.

I remained skinny forever.
What was worse, I began to grow taller last year.
"Hey, don't you think this kid's become taller again?" said Sister Kimiyu, our
musician. The mistress said, sighing, "Yeah, indeed, that's been the source of
my headache. Recently I'm afraid that I've lost my eye for girls."
"Haha, she's fallen much shorter of your expectation, hasn't she?"
"Usually, these twiggy girls will blossom in a few years, but this one
doesn't..."
Hearing their talk about my height, I felt like shrinking.
My masters of shamisen and dance were also at a loss about me.
"She sings like a samurai warrior, without any feminine appeal..."
"Are you a dancing scarecrow?"
With my ugly face, dark skin, and maybe even more height...
I could never become a geisha.
If I can't, I'll have to...

It's now five years since I came to this house.
Fumi-chan became a geisha last year, so I'm in training with Taka-chan and
Sato-chan, who came after that.
Now I'm almost a foot taller than the mistress and other geishas.
One day the mistress called me and said, "Kiyo, as you should know by now, you
can't be a geisha being so tall. If you wear a chignon, you'd be much taller
than your customers."
Sitting in front of the mistress, I couldn't say anything.
"You can stay here, of course, but you can't pay your family's debt as an
apprentice."
My family's debt...
The words, which I had almost forgotten, came back and made me shudder.
"Here's a plan for you. Well, you can turn it down if you don't like it," she
said hesitatingly.
I made up my mind to hear the following words.
"There's a whorehouse for Westerners in Yokohama..."

A whore...
The five years at this house and the talk of the geishas had given me enough
lessons about what kind of life whores lived.
If the proud geishas of Fukagawa were stars, whores were mud.
Especially, whores for Westerners were...
I was sitting with my knuckles on my lap. I felt my nails dig into my palms.
I'm sold to a whorehouse...
My knowledge about the difference between geishas and whores gave me more
humiliation.
"Without skills or arts, you are no geisha, but a whore!"
I was remembering the words of my masters.

Why it's always only me...?
Ine-chan and Fumi-chan, my fellow apprentices, were now geishas.
How come had I become so tall...?
Why was I different from others...?
I hadn't cared so much about being a poor musician or a scarecrow dancer.
But, this time I wept with bitter tears.

"You don't have to decide now, but you have to think of your future. You can't
be an apprentice forever."
The mistress stood up and walked away from the charcoal stove.





After all of this, I was in Yokohama.
I never wanted to come here, but the debt gave me no other choice.
I moved out of the geisha house in the early morning to avoid the eyes of the
others.
Only the mistress saw me off.

The whorehouse was named "Fuji Hausu."
Just as I had known, an okiya and a whorehouse was as different as the moon and
a tortoise.
The difference of "the sisters" astonished me.
In the okiya, the sisters woke up early in the morning and went to their lessons
in music or dance.
In this brothel...
Sisters never woke up at a fixed time.
The whorehouse officially opened in the evening, but some customers came here in
broad daylight, and others stayed for days and nights.
Besides Western seamen, our main customers, there were Westerners living in
Yokohama.
The sisters of this house never wear chignons or fancy costumes to attract
people's eyes on their way to banquet houses.
The sisters separately bathed anytime between noon and sunset, and then they did
their faces and stood by for customers in juban.
When they had no customers, they just gathered and played cards to kill time.
When I saw the sisters sat slovenly in a circle around a shabby floor cushion
used for a card table, an ominous chill ran through my ignorance of the future.
The building was also different.
Each sister had a room and bed where she slept with her customers.
A tiny vanity and a tragically oversized bed...
The first glance of a whore's room somehow embarrassed me.

The zegen, who had taken me to Fukagawa years ago, came back again and took me
to this whorehouse.
"Huh, this girl? Is she a real virgin?"
That was the first question from the mistress of Fuji Hausu.
"You bet. She became too tall to become a geisha."
"Ahaha, you're right. With a chignon on top, she'd be nothing but Mt. Fuji.
Ahahahaha."
The mistress laughed with her mouth opened wide, showing all of her decayed
teeth.
That was enough to make me hate her at once.
"Well, no one cares about your height here. You're a virgin...hehehe, whom
should I offer this chick first?"
"By the way, what's your name,' the mistress suddenly said to me.
"...Kiyo..."
"Hmm...Okay, your name is Beth from now. Got it?"
"Besu..."
What a strange name.
"Haha, a weird name, isn't it? That's one of Western women's names. In this
house, every girl has a Western name."
Yes, people's names were also different.
Marie-san, Lucile-san, Amy-san, Paula-san...
They sound too strange for my dull head to remember.

For a little while, I was given household chores again.
The mistress said it was a part of the training for this house, but actually she
was looking for a customer to buy my virginity.

After about ten days, the mistress had a talk with me.
"Besu, I decided the customer for your 'initiation'".
"......"
I couldn't make any response.
I had heard the word, and I knew it was about a man having me. But, I didn't
know what he really does to me.

"Listen. You have to get along in this house. You have to do whatever your
customers want you. Understand?"
"...Yes..."
I knew that well.
"Close your eyes and bear anything he does. We all came through an
'initiation.'"
"Yes....."
I had no other way to answer.

On the next day, I moved to a room given to me.
It had one of those huge beds.
My first personal room pleased me, but each time I saw the hulking bed I felt
low, thinking what I would have to do on the bed.
It felt odd to sleep on the bed, so I put the futon on the floor and slept
there.

On the day of my initiation, they did my face for the first time.
Powder water felt so cold on my skin.
With a make-up brush in her hand, Sister Lucile sadly said, "Yes, it feels too
cold until you are used to it. Don't forget this is a part of your job."
With powder, penciled eyebrows, and rouge, I looked like another girl in the
mirror.
They had made me a beautiful red silk juban, too.

"Gosh, Besu, you've become a beautiful stranger..," said Sister Paula, one of
the veterans of the whorehouse, when she saw me ready for my initiation.
With all their tough and corrupted appearance, the sisters in this house were
softer inside than those I knew in Fukagawa.
"We rarely initiate a girl in our house."
"That's true...she reminds me of my initiation."
"Your what? I can never imagine you this pretty and innocent."
"Shut the hell up. They all called me komachi in those days."
"And that komachi is now invinsible Sister Paula..."
"Ahaha, you're right!"
Sisters were talking like that around me.

My first customer was George-san, a British trading silk in Yokohama.
When we met each other, I was astonished by his size.
However, I wouldn't have to worry about my height if my customers were all like
him.
I became less nervous.
George-san took me in his arms and gently put me on the bed.
I was almost scared to tears.
His face approached mine...
And he sucked my mouth.
"Daijobu, daijobu yo. Watashi yasashii desu. Shinpai nai desu," ("Alright,
alright, you pretty little thing. I'm kindhearted. Don't worry,") said he to me,
when I was shaking and sobbing.

I don't remember much of what followed.
He felt all over me.....
He spread my thighs.....
Suddenly, I pushed George-san aside and ran out of the room, screaming
"Noooooooooo!"

"No! Please, noooooo!"
I escaped from Fuji Hausu, still shrieking.
All naked.....
Other people of the house seemed too surprised to stop me until I ran out of the
house.
Take-san, one of the house's employed hoodlums, soon caught up with me.
He took off his hanten and put it on me.
"You should know better...Why did you bringing more troubles to your self...?"
said Take-san, who had seldom talked with me, grabbing my shoulders.
I had no way to escape. I sobbed my way back to Fuji Hausu with Take-san.

"You idiot!"
The mistress hit my cheek before I could make any answer.
"Didn't you understand what I said? If you can't put up with this, you would
never survive. Listen, you were sold to us. Bathe in this mud water of our life,
or die!"
"......"
I could just sob.
Yes, I had understood her words....
I didn't know why I ran away from my first customer.

"You ruined that precious patronage I had fixed for you! You put mud on my
face!"
The mistress dragged me to the futon storeroom.
"I'm gonna kick the shit out of you!! Stay here for a while!"
I was locked in the room.
I was out of myself, still couldn't believe what I had just done.

Around midnight, the mistress came to the storeroom with yarite granma.
"We have to show our girls what falls upon such a fool. We'll hurt you plenty."
I was tied to a wooden pillar.
With my hands behind, thighs spread, and mouth stuffed with a rag.....
The mistress grabbed a wet towel and began to hit my inner thighs with it.

"We'll hammer this memory into you, so that you may never dream of escaping!!"
Craaaacckkk!!
CRACK!!
"Ngguuu!!!"
My thighs were all red in no time.
My tears came out at every throb of the sore.
The rag in my mouth did not let me beg for forgiveness.
"You spoiled slip of a girl!! Who in the hell do you think you are?"
Unable to stay on feet, I collapsed.
"....."
"I can't scar our meat for sale, so I'll leave it for today. Spend a couple of
days here."
I was released from the pillar and dropped on the floor, with my hands still
tied behind.
They didn't feed me for a whole day.
All they gave me was a bowl of water, which I had to drink like a dog without my
hands.
Hunger just let me weep.

Before dawn, Take-san came to the room.
He held an end of the rope binding me and took me to the back yard of the house,
I got afraid again, wondering what he was going to do.
He grunted.
"Pee."
I made a thigh of relief. I had held it since I was tied.
But, Take-san was standing too close.
I hesitated.
"Don't waste my time. If you don't pee, I put you back to the storeroom right
now."
I was helpless.
I squatted down there and peed.
I wept from shame.

I was kept in the storeroom for three days.
From the second day, they just gave me a bowl of steamed barley.
I ate it without hands.
The three days in the rope left dark red marks on my wrists.
The marks stayed there for days after that.

Through such hardship, I got used to my new job, little by little.
In the first few weeks, I wept every time men bought me.
Yet, I had no other place to go. I didn't want that torture again.
"I'm doomed to live here as a toy of countless strangers..."
Such a belief nested within me at some point.
George-san named me never again, but many other foreign residents and sailors,
one after another, came and bought me.
I didn't think of running away, nor did I cry, whatever they did to me.
"I can survive as long as I obey them....."
I learned various techniques of our job from sisters.
I came to understand the words of Westerners.

One day.....
A young Westerner bought me.
Unlike other sailors, his skin was fair and had no tattoo.
When he smiled, his white teeth looked so beautiful.
His name was Mike.

By that time, I knew that Westerners do not use "-san" or "-chan" after their
names.
Mike spoke little Japanese.
We talked by gestures.
I didn't have many young customers like him.
Mike seemed to like me, too.
He repeated his visits to me.

Mike liked to hold me from behind and sit down in front of the mirror. The
mirror reflected everything he did to me.
It was annoying for the first time, but I was pleased to hear him whispering
"Beth wa kirei...kirei...."
("Beth is beautiful...beautiful...")
He lead my hands to show me how to touch myself.
He also liked blindfolding or binding me.





Illustration by NAONAO


About a half year after he began to visit me, he brought me a dog collar.
"Beth...watashi no inu....."
("Beth....my dog.....")
Saying so, he put the collar around my neck.




  
Dogwoman 1912 

-- Chapter Two: Spread And Trained -- 
  
  

From nowhere, came sound of shamisen. 
I had fallen asleep around the dawn, tired like mud, when all my customers 
went home. 

Suita suisen sukareta yanagi no... 

That's Sister Lucile's voice... 
She was murmuring a hamauta to the shamisen... 

I opened my eyes and noticed the broad daylight. 

Sister Lucile was a geisha before coming here. 
As a geisha, she fell in love with a bad guy and ended up in such a 
whorehouse. 
The guy still haunts Sister Lucile for money. 
The quick-tempered Sister Paula has once snapped and shouted at Sister 
Lucile. 
"Stop that, Lucile-chan! With such a scum sucking your blood, you'll never 
get the out of here....!" 
"Calm down, Sister Paula...." 
Sister Lucile shook her head on the thin neck and smiled sadly. 
"That' all right... He doesn't dump such a whore as I... That's enough honor 
for me..." 
Sister Paula couldn't argue back. 

The women in the house had various histories. 
Still, those histories had something in common. 
  

Although we lived in a world called kukai (the world of agony), we had our 
fun and glory. 
First of all, I loved dancehalls. 
Once, a Greek ship owner bought the whole house for one night and took us to 
a dancehall. 
It was a luminous, beautiful place. Compared with the dancehall, the colored 
glasses and flash bulbs decorating the door of our "Fuji Hausu" were 
nothing. 
A ball covered with countless small mirrors was hanging from the ceiling. 
Lights in many colors were pouring onto the dance floor. 
Dandies in fad Western clothes and women with modern short hair were 
laughing and talking. 
I smelled cigarettes and pomade of the musicians. 
Cocktails were sweet on my tongue. 
It was a never-never land for me. 

Since then, I had Mike take me there for a couple of times. He taught me 
Mambo and Charleston. 
Mike liked to see me dance, kicking up the hems of my kimono. 
"Beth ha, odori ga jouzu desu!!" ("Beth, you are a good dancer!!") 
He took my hands and embraced me. 
In fact, Mike danced far better than the Japanese dancers in the hall. 
He looked perfect in Western clothes, and Western dance needed long limbs as 
his. 
I didn't have any Western dress, so I had to pull up the hem of my kimono 
when I danced Charleston. 
When we danced, everyone looked at us. 
Such a honor made me dizzy with joy. 

And...it felt good to sweat without a guy humping over my body. 

Beyond the reach of my knowledge, a deal was going on. 

One day, the mistress summoned me. 
"Besu, you were ransomed." 
"What?" 
I was astonished. 
It must be Mike. He had paid my debt... 
There were several other customers who patronized me, but it couldn't be 
anyone other than Mike who would bother to pay that much. 
Imagining a new life with Mike, my sweetheart, I felt my heart beat fast 
with joy. 

"Prepare yourself so that you can move out in a couple of days, alright?" 
said the mistress. 
"Yes, ma'am...." 
I answered, without hiding the smile coming up to my face. 

"Besu-chan, were you ransomed?" 
"Congratulations!" 
The blessing from Sisters and the colleagues comfortably embarrassed me. 
I don't have to entertain many customers any longer. 
I can devote myself to only one patron. 
That's all ransom is about, but I still couldn't believe my great fortune. 
"Thank you....for all your kindness in this house...." 
"By the way, who's your patron?" 
Asked by Sister Marie, I muttered. 
"Eh...the mistress said nothing, but probably, it's Mike..." 
"Hmmm...then why didn't the mistress say anything about him...? 
"Well, anyway, Westerners are different from us." 
Such was the conclusion of the sisters. 

"Is it different from usual ransom?" 
Out of uneasiness, I asked Sisters. 
"Well...yeah, in most cases, the customer would first consult with the 
girl..." 
"Maybe Mike-san didn't know how to bring out the topic." 
"Yeah, Western customs might be different." 
  

"Anyway, I wish you happiness." 
"In such a house, ransom is next to a miracle." 
"I envy you. Give me a piece of your good fortune." 
At my door, everyone somehow blessed me. 

I had few personal belongings, so I had almost nothing to do during the 
couple of days before my release. 
I carefully wrapped the red collar Mike had given me in thin paper and put 
it in my luggage. 
  

On the morning, I walked out of "Fuji Hausu," following Take-san. 

He lead me to... a shabby wooden row house. 
I was puzzled and looked at Take-san. 

Every apartment had a similar wooden sliding door. 
At the end of the row of doors, he said, "Come in," forcing the squeaky door 
open. 

"Take-san, what's this house...??" 
My question staggered. 
"Oh, this is my roost," Take-san muttered. 

"What?? Yours??" 
"Yeah." 
"T...then, did...YOU pay my ransom?" 
I asked again, shrinking myself into the narrow doorframe. 

"Yeah, I did. Take your sandals off and go ahead." 

Sitting on the worn-out tatami, I didn't know what to do. 
Did Take-san ransom me? 
It wasn't Mike... 
I could never see him again..... 
Such a thought brought a tear to my eye. 

"Stop weeping." 
Take-san's ruthless voice gave me a start. 
The voice was not loud, but it deeply horrified me, allowing me no 
objection. 

Hick, hick..... 
I could never stop my sob. 

"There's no use in weeping or crying. I own you from today. Make up your 
mind." 
"But...but...why?" 
"To train you." 
"You...train me?" 
"Yeah, you're fond of animal play, don't you?" 
"A...a...animal play?" 
"Being treated as a dog." 
"Uu....." 
"My job is finding and training chicks with such a taste." 

What is he talking about...? 
I had no idea. 

"Enough for conversation. We get to it right now. Put off your clothes. 
Quickly." 
"What?" 
"Can't you hear? I mean, get naked NOW!" 

I couldn't but obey his stern order. I timidly stood up and began to untie 
my obi. 
I had stripped in front of countless men, day after day. 
To make my life, I had been accustomed to it. 
I had thought I was finally getting out of it... 

I got naked in sobs. 
The fear and shame made me hide my breasts and cunt... 

"Listen. From now on, you can't wear anything in this house. Stay naked. Got 
it?" 
"Uu...I..." 
"No argument! Your answer is always 'Yes, sir.' Understand?" 
"...Y...yes, sir...." 

"In addition, you can't stand up. Move on your fours." 
"Uu....yes...sir..." 
"If you ever understand, do what I say!!" 

Immediately, I dropped on my fours. 

"You're a dog. You can say 'Yes, sir,' but otherwise you must speak like a 
dog. Don't use your hands. Relieve yourself like a dog. Eat directly from a 
dish." 

In a corner of the room, I saw a wooden box of river sand. 
When I glanced the box, he said, 
"You're right, that's your toilet. Once you become a real dog, you don't 
even need it." 

A dog... 
I got gooseflesh all over. I had had the same violent, mysterious feeling at 
his order to strip. 

"Come here..." 
Take-san's low, suddenly gentle voice surprised me. 

I crawled to Take-san's feet. 
He crouched and said, stroking my back, 
"You are such a rare woman that we can find only one in dozens of---no, 
hundreds of women: A woman who can live as a dog. 
If you survive my training, that sure will pay off." 

Take-san's sudden change of attitude surprised me. 
But, the surprise was mixed with the same amount of fear. I felt somehow 
resigned about my life, which had never turned to the better way. 
After all, ordinary people's happiness would always be beyond my reach. 
From today, I have to live as a dog... 
Even in the past, I had never been treated as a human... 
At that thought, Mike's face came back to my mind. 
Mike was special...he was the only exception...so I had thought... 
Don't cry!! 
Looking down, on all fours, I crunched my teeth. 

"I'm short minded. Remember everything I say right now. Otherwise, I'll 
smash my orders into your body. Got it?" 
So Take-san began to speak, still stroking me. 

"First, whenever I come home, meet me at the door and lick my feet. 
Then---a dog will show its belly to the master, you know---likewise, you 
turn over and show your stomach to me. Right?" 
"Yes, sir..." 
"In addition, learn to delight in everything I do to you. 
Well, this part also depends on my technique. 
No indulgence. No thinking. Just feel the pleasure. You're no longer a 
human, but just a dog." 

Don't think....just feel it...just dog... 
Take-san's words began to go round and round in my head. 
My dull head became full of them and...whitened out. 

"Now, show your belly. Turn over and bend your limbs like a dog." 

Without any other choice, I did what he said. 

"For the beginning, I'll try a variety of stuff." 
He took out a hemp rope from the closet. 

I'll be bound... 
My body slowly began to heat.... 

"Get up for a moment and sit straight." 
"Eh...I..." 
"Damn, shut the hell up!!" 
"No, I'm not arguing you, sir!!" 
"What do you mean? ...Speak out." 
"Eh...I have a collar...in my luggage..." 
"A collar? What's that??" 
"I heard...Westerners put a leather band around a dog's neck...They call it 
'a collar'..." 
"Wanna wear it? Do you??" 
I nodded silently. 

That red collar Mike had given me... 
I'll never see Mike again...but, I'm becoming a dog as Mike liked it... 
I wanted to become a dog with the present from Mike, my sweetheart. 
Take-san took the collar out of my luggage. 

"Hoa, dogs wear such a belt in the West...? Do you want this?? Do you??" 
Take-san asked me, rattling the collar's metal parts. 
"...Yes, sir..." 
I was still looking down, but my own clear answer surprised me. 
"Then...you need to beg." 

Begging... 
I didn't know how. 
Yet, I was desperate for the collar. 
Although Mike was not here, I felt the collar would support me... 
With the collar, I could survive anything in my future...so I thought. 

I was on my fours again, crawled to Take-san's feet, and licked his cold 
toe, 
Sniffing like a dog... 
I was absorbed in licking. 

"I understand. You are a smart dog." 
Saying so, Take-san lightly stroked my cunt from behind. 
Ah..... 
My knees shook in spasms... 
I was wet. 

"What a horny bitch! ...Well, sit down so that I can put the 'collar' on 
you." 

The leather wound around my neck. 
My body got hotter. 

Take-san put the rope around my neck and began to bind my chest. 
I had never been bound with a rope. 
The rope coils around me, and then it squeezes me. 

When the rope tightened itself into the pit of my stomach, I remembered my 
days as a geisha apprentice in an authentic kimono. 
"The worst shame of a woman is wearing a kimono sloppily." 
With such words, one of my Sisters tightened the string of my juban. 
"Even though you feel this is too tight now, once you are used to it, you 
would feel uncomfortable with loose string." 

It gradually turns comfortable... 
That might be true...the squeezing rope tightened up my mind. 
My breasts were pushed out... The skin by the rope swelled back beautifully. 

My hands were bound on my back. 

"Okay, lie on your back again." 
Take-san grabbed my shoulder, and I displayed my belly again. 
Now my legs were getting bound... 
The rope bit into my thighs and upper shanks ruthlessly... 

"Now you're ready." 

My neck was caught in the humid weight of the collar. 
I was helpless... 
What was he going to do... 

Take-san's finger was put on my cunt. 
Slowly, it began to move... 

"A...a..." 
I wondered why I was gasping in such a torture. 
At every breath, the rope bit into my ribs. 
It hurt... 
As my breath hastened, the rope squeaked. 

"I...I can't breathe..." 
"Shut up." 
Take-san gagged me with the rope. 

"Ngh...Uuuu" 
I can't speak any more. 
Because I'm a dog... 

"Well now, I'll try something tougher. Bite the rope." 
Take-san struck a match and lighted a red candle. 
I was scared! 
Fire...scared me!! 
"Hiiii!!!" 
I screamed. 
Fire...fire's horrifying... 

Long ago, my home was burnt in a fire. 
Dad, mom, my two sisters, and my baby brother were all killed in the fire. 
I was not home because of my apprenticeship at a local whore bar. 
The fire made me an orphan, and I was sold. 
So...fire scared me...scared...me... 

I raged with my full strength. 
"Kiii!!! Uuuu!!" 
Groaning fiercely, I rolled around. 

On the very moment... 
SPANK!!! 
He hit my cheek. 

"Don't move!! Don't try to resist me!!" 
"Hiii!! Uuuuuu!!" 
His words couldn't stop me. 
Again and again, he hit my cheeks. 
SPANK SPANK SPANK!! 
"Nghuuuuu......." 
"You cur! It's just a candle!" 
I was scared of fire... 
I hated the heat... 
My thought couldn't become words. 

He tied my collar to a pillar so that I couldn't escape. 
If I tried to roll, the collar choked me. 
Still, I couldn't stand fire... 

He began to drop the hot wax on my belly. 
"Mughuuu..." 
"How's that? Boiling hot??" 
"Ughuuu..." 
I felt as if revenged by my families...those died in the hellish fire... 
For my surviving... 

Dad, I'm sorry..... 
Mom, I'm so sorry...forgive me... 
It's burning me... 
  

I lost myself in the biting pleasure. 
  

 
(Illustrator: NAONAO) 
  

When I came back to myself, Take-san's fingers toyed with my cunt. 
Nooo...Mom, help me.... 
After those years in geisha house and whorehouse, I had almost forgotten the 
faces of my parents. I sank deeper and deeper into the depth, tortured by 
the guilt of my survival, by my female pleasure, and by my misery as a dog. 

Was it hot? 
Did it feel good? 
Was I scared? 
Did I need more? 
I couldn't answer any of the questions. 

Thus my new life began---on a thin thread between the inferno and Nirvana. 
  
 

Back to Dogwoman Index 
Back to English Index




Dogwoman 1912

-- Chapter Three: Walking in the Garden -- 

By Chako

The ruthless discipline by Take-san continued day after day.
Gradually I lost my own will.
I just waited for his orders...

During the hard training, Take-san never forgot to polish every tiny corner of my body.
When he sent me to the public bathhouse, he gave me a nukabukuro and told me to scrub all over myself.
On my return to the apartment, he waxed me with mint oil and butter.
The big, coarse hands of Take-san carefully oiled all my skin.
I heard that butter was something they put on bread in the West.
I disliked the stickiness at first, but my rough skin gradually became smooth and glossy by his oiling.
When washing my hair, he used plenty of precious eggs.
After rinsing my head in a wooden tub, he treated it with a comb soaked in camellia oil.
My dusty, reddish hair slowly returned to jet black.
I had my hair tied around a comb.

My doggy days on all fours polished my body, without anyone to appreciate it...
For all my lustrous skin and hair, the rope marks on my body never disappeared...

On waking up in the morning, I squatted like a dog at Take-san's bedside.
I waited for him to wake up.
As soon as he got up, he made me salute him.
I was forced to...drink...his piss...
It's bitter and salty...with a choking smell...
I had hated it. Sometimes I spilled some out of my mouth.
Every time I spilled, he hit me hard.
Now I could drink him up without any spill.

Then it was my piss time...
Kneeling on a litter box, I opened up myself with my fingers.
I could not pee until Take-san allowed me.
Now I could use the box without making a mess.

While Take-san was making breakfast, I waited silently, sitting at the entrance.
My breakfast was soy soup on steamed rice.
I ate from my bowl with my ass up and my face down in the bowl.
Take-san had told me to lick the bowl to clean it.

Take-san took off from the whorehouse when he trains a woman.

I was trained through-and-through.

Now I couldn't stop drooling whenever I saw a rope.
Candle fire still frightened me.
Take-san had to bind me before using fire, saying, "Well, maybe this is natural for an animal..."
He used a candle on me, which scared me.
Fire scared me to death. Hot wax crazed me...
I was so horrified...I wanted someone to hold me tight...
The fire drove all other thoughts out of me.

It was only when I came after Take-san's permission that I could come back to myself.
It was so good...
The only chance I felt like myself.
So I wanted it all the more.
I couldn't even come until Take-san allowed me, though.

Once in a while, he stuck something up in my ass.
"Huhuhu...we need to take steps here..."
Saying so, Take-san screwed his finger into me.
First time it hurt.
Yet, once my body learned to have it from two ways at the same time, I wasn't satisfied without it.
"You...want it? Your ass hole is gasping for my finger..."
After a while, Take-san began to tease me about that.
When I wanted it, I whined...
"Kuuun...kuuun..."
I learned to beg for a small anal dildo.

The training as a dog occupied my life for months.
Only when going to the public bathhouse, I returned to an ordinary human.
I had no other chance to go out.
All day, on my fours...
My time was spent in eating and getting trained.
I became a real dog.

Take-san had little to do with the neighbors.
When I stayed home alone, I overheard the housewives talking about us aloud.
"What a weird couple!"
"I'll say...how do they make a living?"
"I've seen the girl once at the bathhouse."
"Really? How was she?"
"You know what? She was..."
"Oh my gosh! Is she so tall?"
I knew they were talking about me, but I no longer felt sad or embarrassed.
I was feeling that I was a different kind of creature from those women.

One day, Take-san came home with a big luggage.
"Well, finally you're done."
Done...??
What did he mean...??
I wondered for a while, but then I stopped thinking
I knew that my whole life was at the mercy of Take-san and it had nothing to do with my thought or feeling.

The luggage was a suit of kimono for fall.
A tsukesage with autumnal grasses painted in eggplant purple.
It was a quality silken kimono of such a grade that I had never dreamed of wearing.

"Put these on now."
Timidly I began to dress myself.
How many months had I spent without a single kimono.
Hada-juban, juban, kimono, obi...silk after silk, a string after another.
My numb mind was tightened up by the straps.
He had even prepared hair accessories: a neatly carved, decorative comb and a kanzashi with a small coral orb.
I rearranged my shabby hairstyle and put the comb and kanzashi on it.

I wondered why I was not afraid.
Maybe it was because Take-san, who scared me at first, had become the only person I was related to.
Somehow I knew that he was not evil at heart.
Even if he was, I had to trust him; no one else fed or took care of me.

When I was ready, Take-san said, "Okay, let's go. Follow me Listen, hold your tongue whatevermay happen. Right?", putting my pair of wooden sandals neatly
at my feet.
The sandals had a dust cover in the same color with my kimono.

The dear, suave outfit hid my true nature as a dog.
Walking on the street after Take-san, I felt a strange pride grew within me.
I had always looked down to avoid people's eyes even on my way to the bathhouse, but today I found myself walking with my face lifted.
The housewives at the apartment's public well gazed at us with a burning curiosity.
When we walked by them, Take-san gave them a light bow.
They hastily stood up and bowed to us again and again.
I remembered their wildest rumors and chuckled to myself.

Take-san caught a taxi for us on the main street.

The car wound up a steep slope.
In Yokohama, some huge mansions had appeared on the mountains by the sea.

"Okay, drop us here."Take-san stopped the car, paid the fee and stepped on a dusty road.

We saw a huge pair of gateposts and momentous doors.
Take-san approached the gate in an easy manner and knocked a small side door.
I ran after him, trying to catch up.
An old gatekeeper came out of the door and let us in.
"Go straight along the passage. You'll find the main entrance at the end,"said the old gatekeeper and stole an admiring glance at me.
A graveled road led through a dense wood.
Most guests would drive right up to the mansion's door. 
It was tough enough to walk on the graveled passage in my wooden sandals. I stumbled on pebbles and almost fell down for a couple of times.
It was a cool autumn day, but I was tired of walking and had begun to sweat when we came to a huge entrance with a parking area.
Unexpectedly, Take-san walked across the parking area and took a narrow path beside the entrance.
I was expecting that we use the front door, so I had to run after him.
"Idiot! How we deserve the front door? "Take-san whispered me.


Even the back door was much larger than usual.
Opening it, Take-san humbly said hello.
The kitchen was in a great hustle.
Fortunately, one of the housemaids noticed us.
"Hi, what can I do for you?"
"I'm Take from Fuji-ya."
"Oh...I see. Just a moment, please."
Saying so, she hasted away with the sound of her slippers.

While we were waiting, I heard the people in the kitchen.
"So, how many guests are we having after all?"
"Well, no one knows exactly."
"It's a moon watching party, so they need benches and buffet tables in the garden, here and there...am I right?"
"Definitely!"
"Wait! We don't have enough red carpets, do we?"
"I suppose Shino-san's team is taking care of them."
Their excited, lively voices reminded me of the world that I had left long ago.
It had become still farther during last couple of months...

"Sorry for keeping you there. Please come after me."
The housemaid came back and guided us.

We had another obnoxiously long wait.
Sitting on a large sofa in a tiny room, in a dead silence.
Once in a while, housemaids served us tea.
It became even noisier outside, and I heard cars stopping by the entrance.

When I was tired of waiting and getting drowsy...
Click.
The door opened, and someone came in.
At a glance of his face, I couldn't withhold a voice of surprise.
"Greet him!"
Ordered by Take-san, I kneeled on the floor.

The person was...George-san...
That George-san, who I shoved away to escape on my first night at Fuji-house...

"Good job, Take-san."
I heard George-san's voice far above my bowing head.
"It was my pleasure to work for such a big event. Now she's ready, from top to toe."
"Hahaha, looks you're right. I can't wait to try her out..."

I began to tremble.
It was...it was George-san who bought me...
I would have begun to scream unless I made two white fists.
With my forehead pushed onto the carpet, I killed my shudder by making my fists even harder.

"Beth...hisasiburi desitanee... kao wo agenasai."
(Beth, long time no see...Now look up.)
Obediently, I looked up like a wooden puppet.
"After you escaped from me like that, I have been thinking all the time. I wanted you by any means."
Now I was facing him, but I couldn't look at his face.
"I heard about the Japanese custom of 'ransom' from the mistress of Fuji-house and asked Take-san to train you."

Now I understood...Mistress and Take-san knew that all from the beginning...
Knowing all the plan, they sold me...
Tears dropped out of my eyes.

"What? Are you weeping? From now on, you can live in my house happily, with nothing to worry about...as a dog, though. Hahahaha."
"Take-san, have some food at the kitchen."
Saying so, George-san handed a thick envelope to Take-san.
"Thank you, sir...So long, lass..."
Leaving these words, Take-san went out of the room.

"Well, well. Come here..."
George-san forcefully loosened the front of my kimono and revealed my breast.
Then he tacked the hem beneath the belt and exposed my butt.
He put away my wooden sandals and tabi.
Then...he put on my neck and mouth a leash in the same color with my kimono.
I let him do whatever he wanted.
No matter how much I cry or scream I couldn't escape this time.
From now on, I can do nothing but obey him.

The fear remained even after I resigned.
What is he planning to do with me...?
I was already humiliated enough...

George-san caught the leash and led me out of the room.

I came across many maidservants on the hallway.
They were all trying not to see me...
I painfully kept up with George-san on my all fours.

I was dying with shame, but there was nothing I could do...
When I fell behind, he tugged the leash and made me choke and cough.
I was helpless...I have to follow him with all my strength, or I'd be suffocated...

We reached the hall.
So ashamed, I could not look up. 
I saw a lot of people's feet.
Leather shoes of Westerners and grass sandals of Japanese.

"Now, Beth, Look up!"
George-san ordered me in a whisper.
Urged by the ruthless drag, I looked up against my will.
George-san began to walk around and greet each of his guests, tugging me behind him.

"Welcome to my party, pals! Please enjoy yourself."
Everyone glanced at me.
However, except for the several guys who sharply eyed me, people behaved as if I was not there.

"Now she's finished, isn't she?"
I knew that voice.
I looked up before thinking...and saw Mike smiling down at me.
Immediately I looked away.
Mike...Mike was the last person I wanted to show myself tugged around like this...
I tried to withhold my tears, clasping my eyelids and clenching teeth together.
"You do have an eye for these girls, Mike. Beth has made a perfect dog. Huhahahaha."
"Have you decided to trust your nephew at last? I knew her nature at the first sight. I was sure she would become a perfect dog."

Nephew??
I understood...
Now I understood everything...
Mike had been regarding me only...as a dog...
None of them had a single bit of human heart...
They were beasts, not me!
Westerners didn't understand human feelings. No, neither did Japanese.
Everyone did anything for money. So did Take-san and the mistress of Fuji-house.
They're all filthy beasts!!

Something snapped within me.

Tears still flew down on my face, but I no longer looked down.
I was a dog...Why should I feel ashamed?
I had lost everything...yes, everything...
Mike said to George-san, "Hold on, I have a present for Beth. Huhuhuhuhu. Uncle George, can I give something special for your new pet dog?"
"Oh, do you? What's that?"
"Huhuhu here it is. Look, Beth has become this wet only for your leash and people's eyes."
Mike's fingers began to fondle my exposed cunt.
"Ukkuu..."
I couldn't hold my moan of joy.
"Here. This is your tail."
Gugugu...
A dildo was now sticking out of my cunt.
"Uu!! Haau...."
My head whipped up while I was still on my fours.

"Jesus! Mike, I appreciate that! I thank you on behalf of the speechless dog."
"You are very welcome. I knew Beth would look fabulous with the tail."

Greeting each of many other guests, George reined me down to the garden with the dildo in my cunt.

"Gosh, George, what a wonderful new plaything have you got!"
A gentleman squatted beside me and suddenly pinched one of my nipples.
"Khuuuu"
"Hi, Dave! It's years since last time! Huhuhu, it took them half a year to train her like this."
"No wonder! It takes a lifetime to find such a perfect dog. By the way, what kind of mark will you give her?"
"Hmm, a mark, well, how about leaving it to you?"
"Huhuhu, these days I'm big in piercing...any other body parts than ears."
"Piercing! That's fantastic! So which part of her do you want to"
"Let's see...How about nipples?"
"Splendid! You're the perfect person to do that!"
"All right. Bring her to my clinic next weekend."
The two Westerners kept toying with my body while they talked.

That ignited my true desire"
"Khuuuun"
Whimpering, I shook my hips.
"Huhuhu, now she wants it."
So George said and began to move the dildo in and out.
"Kuuuuu! Uhhu"
"Holy cow! It's pouring now!"
The Westerner called Dave, probably a doctor, was now looking into my cunt.



Illustration by NAONAO

"Looks like some attraction has begun!"
Lots of men came and gathered around me.
Hands reached me from everywhere, squeezing my breasts, pinching my nipples, stretching my labia open.
"Uuu...Euunkuun!!"
I stopped holding my voice and writhed with joy.
All I could care now was my pleasure.
I didn't care who saw me or who touched me any longer.
I just wanted more joy.
I just wanted to shake my hip and come to the fullest.
Now nothing could make me ashamed.
Just give me more...and more...

With a whine, I sucked a cock thrust in front of my face.
Fingers were all over my body.
"Look, she's almost there."
"Kuhuhuhu, feeling so good?"
"You greedy bitch!"
Voices came from all directions.
There were too many hands for me to be alone with my pleasure.
I tried to turn all my attention to the source of joy, and then...
White sparks scattered in my head.
At the same time, something warm splashed all over my body, on my ass, on my back, on my face...

"Kyauuuun! Mguu...Kyaiiiiiin! Ugu! Kyankyan!!!"

My yelp of joy echoed in the autumnal garden.
It had begun to rain before I knew.


THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chako


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





