BDSM Library - Alice's Friend




Alice's Friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story is about Alice, who bought a dog after her divorce, who helped her through some rough times. And he becomes much more than just a friend.
	ALICE'S FRIEND

	BY

	Mathew Davis


	Alice kicked the front door shut with her foot, and dumped the armload
of files on the bar that divided the kitchen from the living room. The large
black retriever came running down the hall toward her. "Has my baby been waiting
for me," she said, like he understood every word. The large animal raised up on
his hind legs, and his paws landing on her breast. She staggered backward from
the force of the dog's body on hers. "Get down boy, you know better than that."
The dog dropped down on all fours, looking up at his master with his tail
wagging. "After I feed you, I have to get to work on these damn files for
tomorrow." She had bought the dog as a puppy after her divorce, and the animal
had helped her through some bad times. Often she would set, and tell him her
problems just like a person; like he understood everything she said.

	After she had fed Duke and herself, she set in her favorite chair with
the folders next to her and with Duke at her feet. She slipped on her reading
glasses, and opened up the first folder. Alice had lost track of time, and her
tired eyes told her she had been at it to long. She had taken the glasses from
her nose when she looked down at the dark animal. She curiously watched the
dog's massive large red cock slip from its sheath. The dog leaned around, his
long tongue licked along the large shaft. The sight of the dog's cock sent a
wave of juices to her womanhood. She realized how sexy the blood red cock
looked, and wondered what it would feel like inside her.

	"My gawd, here I'm thinking about a dog's cock...how long has it been
since I've had a man," she whispered to herself. She dropped her head in her
hands, feeling ashamed of having such thoughts. "I can't even remember the last
time I had sex."

	Alice rose to her feet, and she made her way to the bathroom where she
stripped naked, and turned on the bath water. She stood in the front of the
mirror looking at her body, inspecting her breast, her flat stomach and the
sparse red hair that did little to cover the fold of her pussy. She brought her
hands to her breast, "Well, they don't sag after all these years, and the men
she had been to bed with loved her thick nipples. "Damn Alice, stop doing this
to yourself, you don't have man, so why torture yourself."

	After she took her bath, and washed her hair she laid naked across the
bed. It felt good to be out of the panty hose, and out of the high heels she
wore each day at work. Alice closed her eyes, and never realized when she
drifted off to sleep with her legs open, and her pussy exposed.

	Alice never felt the weight of the dog on the bed. The large animal
sniffed along his master until he reached her womanhood. The dog's long rough
tongue, slipped out, and licked from the crack of her ass to her clit. Alice's
eyes flashed open as the sudden rush of pleasure raced through her body. The
large black animal stood between her legs, his cold wet nose pushed against the
fold of her pussy. The hot rough tongue slipped deep into her hot wetness, and
the sudden rush of pleasure almost took her breath away.

	In a panic, she tried to force the dog's head from between her thighs,
but the persistent animal lapped her pussy faster and harder and each lap of his
rough tongue penetrating the depth of her womanhood. Each lick sent intense
pleasure throughout her body, and every lick of his rough tongue on her clit
almost sent her over the edge.

	Alice no longer had the strength to push the animal away; her body
started to respond to the animal's stimulation. She cupped her own breast, and
gently squeezed. A soft moaned escaped her lips. Her body now on fire, and her
pussy soaked from her own juices, she no longer cared who gave her pleasure.
Alice's body twisted, and turned from the intense please of the dogs wet nose,
and his long red tongue.

	When the dogs tongue slipped from her pussy, to probe her asshole, it
sent her over the edge. "Oh my gawd I'm cumin'." She screamed out the words in
the passionate filled voice, not caring who heard her. Her body trembling from
the climax that raced through every fiber of her body.

	Alice rolled away from the dog, closing her thighs. Her heart pounded so
hard she thought it would bust open her chest. She gasped for air, trying to
take back control of her body.

	When she woke up the next morning, Duke laid at her feet.  After taking
her bath, she took him out for walk before heading off to work. The women she
worked with noticed a new change in Alice, and complimented of the happiness on
her face. They questioned her, trying to find out what had changed in her life,
but all she would tell them, she had gotten a good nights rest.

	Alice set at her desk, typing out a letter on the computer. The
incredible feeling of the dog's hot rough tongue deep inside her kept filling
her thoughts. The dampness between her legs sent a wave of guilt through her.
She looked around; hoping no one could tell what had been on her mind, and she
did not blurt something out without knowning.

	When she got off work, she went straight home. The obedient Duke met
Alice at the door with his tail wagging, and his long red-hot tongue slipping
out to lick her hand. She patted the dog on the head; "Did you miss me?" Alice
leaned over, kissing the dog on top of the head. "Come on, I'll fix you
something to eat." After taking care of the dog, she took her bath, and lay
naked on the bed like the night before. A sly smile crossed her face as the dog
jumped on the bed to lay next to her. "Good boy." Alice rubbed the flat part of
her hand down his shinny back coat.

	The dog's red cock slipped from its sheath. She closely examined the
thickness, the length, and the pointed red head. She had the strong urge to wrap
her hand around the massive shaft like she would a man lying next to her. The
fear of the unknown and the fear of the dog's reaction kept her from reaching
out to take it in her hand.

	"Poor baby, didn't get taken care of last night," Alice spoke, and
taking a chance, she reached down encircling her hand around the red veined
cock. The touch of its stickiness, and its massive size sent a thrill through
her. The dog whimpered, and then leaned froward to run his rough tongue across
the top of her hand. The thought of how too satisfying the dog kept running
through her mind. The thought of his huge cock in her pussy scared her. She had
never had something so big inside her.

	"How do you fuck a dog," Alice laughed. She had never seen or heard of
such things, and had no idea how to go about it. The thought of being fucked by
the dog stimulated her, and the juices in her pussy started to mount. She wanted
to give her friend the same pleasure he had gave her the night before.

	Alice grabbed a pillow from the bed, placing it under her ass. The towel
she used from her bath, she placed over the pillow not knowing what mess would
be made. She pulled the large dog toward her, so he stood between her spread
legs. Alice could not believe what she was about to do. Sure, deep inside her
she had desires to do wild things, but they had only been fantasies, and she
would have never acted on them. Yet here she lay with the dog between her legs,
and his massive cock only inches from her womanhood.

	The dog leaned down, licking the soft mounds of her breast. His rough
tongue ran across her sensitive nipples, causing a moan to escape her lips. The
fire started to stir deep inside her, sending another rush of juices to her
pussy. The hunger to have him inside her mounted and the desire to feel his
large red veined cock stretching her pussy consumed her every thought.

	Duke lunged forward with the red tip pushing into the fold of her
womanhood. The sudden move took Alice by surprise, and the penetration of the
head into her wetness almost took her breath away. Her body tensed from the
unexpected heat from his cock as it slipped deeper into her hole. The sudden
fear of how she could control the large animal flashed through her thoughts. The
dog thrust his powerful hips, driving his cock deeper into her.

	"Oh my gawd," Alice gasped, not having time to adjust to its massive
width. The dog started thrusting with a speed she could not even put into words.
Her pussy opened up to the pounding shaft as it sunk deeper. The intense heat,
the size of the shaft , sent a thrill through her like she had never known. She
found herself into a world of lust, and enjoyment. The thought of the taboo of
being fucked by an animal excited her beyond her wildest dreams.

	Alice held on to the animal, never wanting to let go. The slowly seeping
cum from the dog's cum increased the heat in the depths of her pussy. "Yes,
yes...fuck me Duke, I want it all baby." No longer in control of her emotions,
she screamed out the words, not caring who heard her. She had never felt such
pleasure, and no man could match the dog's cock deep inside her. The dog's hard
thrust shook the very being of her body, and wave after wave of climaxes brought
her close to losing conscious.

	The sudden swelling of the dog's large knot caused an intense pain as it
drove past her pussy lips. Alice's eyes flashed open wide. The dog's large cock
lodged deep inside her, and the dog pulled back for one more thrust, pulling
body with him.

	"Oh shit," screamed out Alice in fear. She held tight to the dog to keep
him from moving. The dogs hot cum seeped from his cock, filling the inside of
her pussy. Some of the thin cum seeped around the knot, out her pussy to trickle
and down the crack of her ass.

	Even though the knot hurt, there was something exciting and enjoyable
about it being inside her, and her pussy filled with the dog's cum excited her
more. Something about the beast's cum mixed with hers gave her a feeling she
could not explain.

	How long would she be hung up with the large animal. Alice had lost
track of time when the dog tugged on his cock, and the knot dislodged, sending a
wave of pain through her. Her pussy sore, her body exhausted, the dog lay next
to her, and both drifted off to sleep. She knew this would be only the beginning
of what her and Duke would enjoy as lovers. If a man did ever come into her
life, he would have to understand the desire she felt for her friend Duke.

	

	THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mathew Davis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





