BDSM Library - 2nd Chance - The Organization Series 3




2nd Chance - The Organization Series 3
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Continuation of The Organization Series, the experiences of a slave tested by her new Master.SECOND CHANCE  
By slave ruthie (in honor and memory of the real Master Charles, greatly
  loved and sadly missed)  
Chapter 1  
He watched the monitor for a few moments before unlocking the cell. She was
  a pretty, dark-haired creature, slight of build - almost fragile in appearance.
  He noticed she had not touched her food and was miserably fingering the heavy
  steel collar that was chained to the wall. A second chain hung from the front
  of her collar to the fetters round her wrists &amp; ankles. Her eyes were red
  through sustained weeping but she made no noise. He drew back the bolts and
  went in.  
&quot;P-please Sir,&quot; Alexa swallowed nervously, &quot;h-have you seen
  my master? He's been so poorly...&quot; The girl dissolved into silent tears.  
His voice was so gentle, so kindly...so disturbing! &quot;Slave, he is no
  longer your master.&quot;  
The tears increased and Alexa began to shake as the awful words sunk in -
  No Longer Your master! No Longer...&quot;Ohhhh - I've failed Him! My master...f-failed
  H-him!!!&quot;  
&quot;No slave, you did not fail him. Your former master has finished with
  you and you have served him very well.&quot;  
&quot;B-but why has H-he left me?&quot;  
&quot;Little slave,&quot; his voice dropped to a whisper, &quot;he was very
  ill - he has died.&quot;  
The slave stared open-mouthed at the stranger and began to whimper. A tiny
  strangled cry finally escaped from her throat as she hid her face in her cuffed
  hands and sobbed heavily. He watched the distraught girl curl herself into
  a tight ball of anguish and listened to her agonized wails of despair. In between
  the awful cries, she was gasping words over and over...&quot;Master! Ohhhh
  my poor master!&quot; Finally, her weeping subsided to a low keening noise.
  He knelt down and touched her auburn hair. Startled out of her grieving, Alexa
  looked up into his eyes. &quot;Am I g-going to be s-sold, s-sir?&quot;  
&quot;No, your last master forbade it.&quot;  
&quot;F-freed?&quot;  
He shook his head. &quot;You have been an excellent slave.&quot;  
A shiver ran through the girl's body as it finally dawned what was going
  to happen. &quot;Y-your m-my execu...You're going t-to k-kill me?&quot; It
  was more of a statement than a question. &quot;W-will it b-be ...q-quick?&quot;  
She saw his answer in his hand - he was holding a syringe. &quot;Your late
  master requested you be offered medication - your body will suffer but your
  mind will not.&quot;  
Alexa stared at the needle. It offered merciful oblivion but her heart rebelled
  against this easy death. No, she would face her end with dignity - she would
  honor her beloved master by refusing the drugs. &quot;Please Sir - p-please
  don't make me have the injection! I w-want to d-die properly f-for Him!&quot;  
He stared in admiration at the girl, marveling how such a fragile creature
  could show such courage. &quot;Slave, are you sure? Once I have started, you
  may change your mind but it will be too late!&quot;  
Alexa summoned all her strength to smile and shake her head. &quot;P-please
  Sir,&quot; she begged, &quot;c-could I be g-gagged p-please?&quot;  
He smiled back. &quot;Of course, little slave - I have it here.&quot; He
  removed a black ball gag from his belt.  
Alexa felt his fingers slide between the heavy collar and her neck. It nearly
  broke her heart when she remembered how her beloved master had brought her
  to this cell and removed her lovely gold collar, replacing it with this rough
  steel band. He had lingered with his fingers on her damp cheek while she held
  his hand in both of hers. A severe coughing fit had forced him to leave - it
  was the last time she had seen the most important, most wonderful man in her
  life, the last touch from her beloved master.  
The stranger had freed her collar chain from the wall. &quot;But first you
  have to pay me for your execution, little slave.&quot;  
Alexa stared in confusion for a moment. How could she pay? What did she have
  to give...? &quot;Ohhh! Y-yes Sir, of c-course.&quot; She knelt before him
  and paused before reaching for the front of his slacks. &quot;Sir, please...&quot; Fresh
  tears ran down from her eyes.  
&quot;What is it, little one?&quot;  
He voice was barely audible. &quot;Can I close my eyes, p-pretend you...&quot; she
  faltered, &quot;m-my master?&quot;  
He smiled and brushed her tears away with the hand that held her collar chain. &quot;Of
  course you may!&quot;  
Alexa served him with such longing, with desperate yearning to please, so
  his gasps of pleasure were like music to her ears. And all the time it was
  as if her beloved master was with her...  
She finished licking him clean and lowered her head. &quot;It is time, slave.&quot; The
  hard rubber ball pressed against her lips. Alexa whimpered but opened her mouth
  and received the gag. Once it was securely buckled, he freed her wrist cuffs
  from the chain and guided her hands behind her back. She heard the click of
  the lock between them. A sigh escaped her and she began to panic. Despite her
  best intentions, Alexa was absolutely terrified and fought against losing control.  
He felt the girl tense up and looked at her wild searching eyes. She was
  a good slave and deserved better. He swiftly jabbed the needle into her arm
  and emptied the syringe. &quot;There is no need to suffer, my dear Alexa -
  you are not dishonoring him!&quot; She nodded and closed her eyes, pressing
  against him while he cradled her in his arms. Sounds grew fainter; things seemed
  distant - like everything was receding.  
By the time they reached the stage, she was almost gone. She stood obediently
  while the tip of the spike was positioned between her legs and her collar was
  chained to the beam. The creaking trap under her feet trembled. She looked
  straight ahead, oblivious to everything except for the last thought in her
  mind...  
'Master - my love!'  
.....  
It was as though her eyelids were stuck together. A hoarse whistling noise
  kept repeating - it was her own breath! Alexa ached terribly and struggled
  to open her eyes. She wanted to move her hands up to rub them but something
  was keeping her arms down. Why couldn't she turn her head?  
When her vision began to clear a little, all she could see was white. No,
  a white wall. Alexa lay on her side and stared at the painted brickwork. She
  felt so weak, so sore! There was something in her mouth, not a gag but long
  and curved - a tube! A breathing tube! And her head was braced with a collar
  - a stiff collar like in a hospital! With great difficulty that almost drained
  her completely, Alexa struggled up and managed to peer down at her arms. Both
  hands were completely sealed in leather mittens, taped round her wrists over
  thick gauze bandages. The tips of the mittens were attached to chains that
  were secured to the front of a broad leather belt round her waist! Alexa whimpered
  but it hurt to make any sound and all that came out of her mouth was a sharp
  hiss of air from the tube!  
Tears dripped down her face. Alexa looked at the heavy gauze bandages round
  each of her ankles but her feet were free to move. The insides of her thighs
  were covered with dreadful bruises and long scratches. She swung her legs over
  the edge of the plastic mattress and tried to get up. Alexa managed one faltering
  step then collapsed in a heap on the bare floor. The belt round her waist tugged
  her back. There must be a chain joining it to the bed, she realized. On one
  wall, there was a large mirror. Alexa knew it would be two-way but could only
  see herself and she was not a pretty sight. Her long auburn hair was a mass
  of tangles, her eyes were all puffy and bruised, and her neck was enclosed
  in a cervical collar. She wanted to cry, to wail in misery but her throat ached
  so awfully. She couldn't even hug herself because of the mittens and chain.
  Next to the bed was a slop bucket. Somehow, Alexa struggled over and managed
  to squat as there was just enough slack on the waist chain. It hurt so much
  when she peed that fresh tears welled from her swollen eyelids.  
The door swung open and a pretty black girl slowly came across the room.
  She was naked too and collared. The girl smiled gently and removed the slop
  bucket, returning moments later with a clean one. After she had gone, a man
  came into the room. Alexa stared at his shoes, then raised her eyes up and
  started with shock - it was the man who had taken her to be killed! Nothing
  made sense - why was she alive? What happened? Why...  
&quot;...Why are you still alive? Why indeed!&quot; He ran a hand through
  her hair. &quot;Slave, if I knew the reason then perhaps you would not have
  lived.&quot;  
She didn't understand him. She just sat dumbly on the cold floor unable to
  take in what was happening. He knelt beside her and began to loosen the tape
  at the sides of her mouth. He gripped her hair and slowly drew the horrible
  tube out of her throat and mouth. Alexa fought back the urge to retch and gasped
  in agony. &quot;Try not to make any noise, slave. The pain will pass in time.&quot; But
  she HAD to know; she HAD to find out...  
Her voice was a faint whisper. He had to lean closer to hear the words. &quot;Wanted...die!&quot;  
The man tousled her hair and smiled. &quot;Yes, Alexa - I believe you sincerely
  did want to die. But your body didn't!&quot; All she could do was stare at
  him, puzzled by his reply. &quot;Oh you fought - you thrashed about so hard
  that you managed to clear the spike! You damn near broke your wrists and ankles
  in their cuffs...&quot;  
Alexa looked down at the angry bruises above her feet. All she could vaguely
  remember was the moment her feet touched nothing, the excruciating pain between
  her thighs, the choking...then oblivion. He continued to stroke her hair. &quot;And,
  technically speaking, you DID die - your breathing ceased and your heart stopped!&quot; He
  shrugged his shoulders and looked bemused. &quot;And for some damn reason I
  took you down, little slave, and gave you CPR...&quot;  
It was her turn to look puzzled. She tried to swallow and gave up, wincing
  as her throat screamed for mercy. &quot;Can't sell...master said, not sell.&quot;  
&quot;No, little Alexa. You're quite right my dear - you can't be sold. But
  you can be claimed!&quot; He was standing now. &quot;Slave, you...intrigue
  me. Damned if I can think why!&quot; She stared into his piercing eyes. &quot;Look
  at you! Not my taste at all - small, far too skinny, small breasts, dark hair,
  pretty but not exactly stunning!&quot; He knelt again and touched her cheek
  with a finger.  
&quot;C-claimed?&quot; Alexa's mind raced in turmoil. She had technically
  died? This man had resuscitated her just before the end. But she was no good
  - a discarded slave without a master!  
&quot;You're mine, slave - the Council has agreed it, though it is highly
  irregular!&quot; He grinned. &quot;Matter of fact, some of the members think
  I've gone slightly mad!&quot; His laughter was loud and made Alexa jump in
  fright. &quot;Sit back on the bed, slave!&quot; He pulled her up but gently,
  almost tenderly! Alexa sat, too stunned to respond. He was removing the mittens
  and belt. She lifted a hand up to her collar but he caught it and brought it
  down. &quot;No slave, that has to stay on for a while.&quot; Somehow, Alexa
  managed a weak smile.  
&quot;M-master? Y-you really m-my...master?&quot; She hardly dared uttered
  the words.  
She was rewarded with a brilliant smile. &quot;Against my better judgment,
  slave! Now, THAT ought to be changed...&quot; he was pointing at the brand
  above her cleft, &quot;but I think it will remain - your last master was a
  good friend of mine and you will keep his mark to honor him. Do you understand?&quot;  
More tears. Alexa gulped and coughed at the fire in her throat. Ohh this
  was...it was more than she could dream. She lifted his hand in both of hers
  and kissed it then pressed it against her damp cheek. He pulled it out of her
  grasp and tousled her hair. &quot;And now, as my property, you will recover
  - get better! It will take a few weeks, slave - but when I return I expect
  my slave to be ready to serve!&quot;  
Alexa didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Both would have been too painful.
  She struggled off the bed, knowing she was disobeying him but she was determined
  to express her feelings towards this man. She sank to her knees and managed
  to kiss his shoe. Using all her strength, she croaked one word - &quot;master!&quot;  
He walked out of the room and the black girl entered. &quot;Hey! Back to
  bed, sister! I'll be punished if you don't get well real quick!&quot;  
It took nearly all her strength to hobble the few yards to her bed. Alexa
  sat down on the plastic mattress and closed her eyes. She felt the black girl's
  hand grasp her left foot then the soft click of a lock. Looking down with dismay,
  Alexa stared at the single cuff that secured her to the bed frame by a long
  chain. She looked mournfully at the girl.  
&quot;Hey, don't worry sis - it's the rules here!&quot; The smiling girl
  sat next to Alexa. &quot;I'm Christina - you're Alexa, right?&quot;  
Alexa nodded and managed a tiny smile. &quot;Master,&quot; she croaked hoarsely, &quot;who...?&quot;  
Christina looked surprised then concerned. &quot;You mean you don't know
  who he is?&quot; Alexa shook her head then winced. Her neck was so sore! &quot;Your
  new master's Head of Security at the Ranch. He's one of the Council members!&quot;  
It all meant nothing to Alexa. She tried not to sound stupid. &quot;He's
  American too..." The black girl, Christina, looked puzzled. &quot;Ranch? What's
  the Ranch?&quot; Every word was torment for her throat.  
&quot;No, not American - Canadian, I think. The Ranch - you know, the American
  Center in New York State.&quot;  
Alexa just sat looking at her. She wanted to ask more but her voice had gone
  completely. All she could do was move her lips. She mouthed, &quot;water, please,
  water&quot; at Christina, hoping she would understand.  
&quot;Ohh - a drink! Sure!&quot; she slipped out and returned immediately
  with a plastic cup and a straw. Alexa sipped the iced fruit juice and felt
  a surge of relief as it soothed her throat. &quot;Hey, not too fast!&quot; Christina
  gently pulled the straw out of her mouth. Too weak to resist, Alexa accepted
  the girl's control and sipped more slowly. When she had finished, Christina
  made her lie back and told her to rest. &quot;You need time to heal - my master's
  coming again to see you later. He's the doctor here.&quot; Alexa felt drowsy
  - was the juice drugged? She curled up on her side and slipped into a deep
  sleep.  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 2  
The days and weeks passed by with Alexa growing stronger and healthier. The
  bruises had disappeared; the scratches on her inner thighs had faded. Even
  the cervical collar was gone. Christina's master had examined her thoroughly
  and declared her nearly recovered. &quot;Your voice will always be weak, slave.&quot; He
  had explained how her throat had sustained considerable damage when she was
  hanging. He patted her on the head and said he would inform her master she
  was ready. Alexa was excited and a little scared. She was going to start a
  new life under a new master! What would he be like? Would he be cruel or gentle?
  It was something she struggled to comprehend - why had he saved her. Christina
  had told her as much as she knew. He was called Charles; he didn't own any
  other slaves. In fact, none of the other girls had ever heard of him owning
  one. They were all frightened of him - he was said to be an expert at torture
  and execution. All the guards and even some of the other masters showed him
  great respect. Alexa herself was a cause for great interest and a little awe
  among the slaves - she felt embarrassed by that.  
The long hours in the hospital cell had given her time to reminisce. She
  recalled huge chunks of her empty childhood, moving from one foster family
  to another. She remembered the little room over the shop that was her home
  until the day she was abducted. Alexa remembered waking up in the middle of
  the night to shadows - being pinned down by strong arms while a rubber gas
  mask was forced over her mouth. She relived the hours of her breaking in minute
  detail. The cruel sting of the flogger broken only by the kiss of her master,
  over and over until she was begging for his kisses, begging for his touch,
  finally begging for the whip...  
Alexa hugged herself as she gloried in the sweet recollection of her first
  orgasm at his hands. She had been hanging in chains, naked, helpless, her ankles
  spread impossibly wide apart by a bar. He had driven her almost crazy, tormenting
  her to the brink of climax repeatedly until she was weeping and shrieking past
  her gag. She lay back on the hospital bed and touched herself. Her fingers
  became his; her touch was his. She gasped and arched her back, mewing softly
  as the memories and reality overwhelmed her. When she finally opened her eyes,
  she realized with shock that her new master was standing over her!  
&quot;Well, you certainly behave as if you've recovered! There'll be no more
  of that without permission - understand me?&quot; He was frowning but there
  was a twinkle in his eyes. Alexa immediately got down from the bed and kneeled
  on the floor. He lifted her chin up with his hand. &quot;Slave, do you understand
  me?&quot;  
He wasn't smiling. Alexa swallowed nervously and stammered, &quot;Y-yes M-master!&quot;  
&quot;Good.&quot; He motioned to Christina who ran forward and draped a red
  PVC catsuit on the bed. &quot;Put this on then we are going. The flight leaves
  in an hour and I want no delays. We will begin your instruction when we arrive.&quot;  
Alexa stared in confusion at the catsuit - red was the color of a slave in
  training! She whispered &quot;b-but I'm already t-trained, Master!&quot;  
He whirled and stared down at her so fiercely she cringed in fear. &quot;Not
  by me! Am I making myself clear?&quot; She nodded and lowered her head in respect. &quot;Now
  get dressed!&quot;  
Alexa swiftly climbed into the skin-tight catsuit and shrugged it over her
  shoulders. She was grateful to Christina for helping with the calf and forearm
  zips and for tugging the tight front zip shut. It fitted like a glove to her
  body. Alexa could feel the crotch zip riding in between her labia and buttocks.
  She put her wrists behind her back for the cuffs and stood while more fetters
  went round her ankles. She smiled at Christina and opened her mouth for the
  ball gag.  
Christina turned and bowed at Alexa's master. &quot;Sir, please may I kiss
  your slave goodbye?&quot; He nodded. Christina gently embraced her recovered
  patient and kissed her full on the mouth. Both girls had tears in their eyes. &quot;Be
  well, little Alexa - I'll never forget you!&quot;  
&quot;I can't thank you enough for looking after me! Ohhh Christina, dear
  sister - be well!&quot; One final kiss then Alexa's master cleared his throat.
  Christina held the red ball up to Alexa's lips. She accepted the gag and waited
  while the straps were firmly buckled behind her head. He came forward and locked
  a plain steel collar around her throat, attached a metal tag with a seven-digit
  number stamped on it, then snapped a chain leash to the front. Alexa felt the
  tug and trotted behind him, hampered by the short chain between her ankles.
  At the door, she managed to turn her head and caught one last glimpse of Christina.
  Then she left to face her new life...  
Alexa tried desperately to keep up with her new Master. She nearly stumbled
  on a staircase then bumped into him. He just looked at her without smiling,
  making her cringe in fear. Moments later, they were outside. It was dark and
  raining slightly. Alexa shivered - partly from the cold, wet ground under her
  bare feet - and waited while he spoke to another man. In the lights of the
  courtyard, she could make out a large truck. Nearby, the tailgate of a 4x4
  hung open. Alexa's Master snapped his fingers at her and pointed towards the
  vehicle. Not wanting to displease him, she clambered up and curled inside the
  wire cage behind the seats. At least there was a blanket. A man shut and locked
  the cage then closed the tailgate. She could only see the sky through the windows
  - the cage roof was too low to let her see any more. Alexa lay down and watched
  the glare of the street lamps passing overhead. Eventually, the vehicle stopped
  at what looked like a white pole. The 4x4 sped into total darkness then stopped
  again and the engine died. It seemed like ages before the tailgate clicked
  open and she was dragged out of her cage.  
She looked around in amazement. There was a huge jet aircraft nearby, lit
  up by spotlights, surrounded by vehicles and people. Alexa tried to see her
  Master but she was suddenly pushed by a large man in camouflage uniform towards
  the steps. She panicked at the bottom and tried to pull back. Alexa was terribly
  afraid of heights and tried to beg but the gag and the steady roar of the engines
  drowned out her pleas. He simply threw her over one shoulder with his broad,
  muscular arm between her thighs and carried her up to the top. Alexa squeezed
  her eyes tightly shut rather than look down to the bare concrete far below.
  He marched her down the empty cabin and pushed her into a seat. The man bent
  down and locked her ankle chain to the bar below the seat then separated her
  manacles. Alexa sat uselessly while her wrists were chained to the arms of
  the seat. She whimpered while the safety belt was yanked so tightly that her
  tummy was pressed in.  
She wasn't going anywhere. She tried to stare out of the window but he leaned
  across and drew the blind. As he pulled back, he paused and brushed his hand
  across her face. Alexa looked up, helpless to stop him. The burly guard was
  staring down at the outline of her nipple rings straining against her catsuit.
  His fingers caught hold of the zipper under her collar. &quot;Nnnnn....plsssss!&quot; The
  sound of the zip peeling apart made her jump. He slipped his hand inside the
  suit and began to fondle her left breast, catching and pinching her swollen
  tip between his rough thumb and forefinger. And she couldn't resist! His other
  hand wandered down her front and began to draw down the zip over her crotch.
  Alexa moaned and pressed her thighs together but he was too strong! He pushed
  his fingers between the parted seam, exploring her cunt while she writhed helplessly.
  Alexa couldn't stop herself - he was going to make her cum! When he twisted
  her clit ring, she bit down on the ball in her mouth and squeezed her tear-filled
  eyes closed. It was no use! The tension was unbearable - he shouldn't be doing
  this! Alexa struggled desperately, trying to pull her legs up but her ankles
  were locked beneath the seat!  
The man leaned close and hissed. &quot;You think you're all so fucking special,
  don't you - you arrogant English bitches!&quot; She whimpered in fear - he
  was hurting her so much! &quot;Well you're just another stupid cunt-slave and
  don't you forget it!&quot; His hand slid out of the front of her suit but he
  was pushing his other hand deeply into her cunt! He started fist-fucking her
  and the pain was terrible! Alexa howled in torment but he savagely covered
  her nose and mouth, forcing her head against the seat rest. &quot;Shut the
  fuck up, cunt!&quot; She couldn't scream, couldn't breathe - her arms and legs
  went rigid with pain.  
&quot;Something wrong, guard?&quot; A deep American voice came from the aisle.
  Alexa twisted her head miserably when the guard released her nose. A tall,
  distinguished man was looking down at her with mild amusement.  
&quot;Uh, no Senator - just settling down this bitch. She's being a bit sassy
  and not wanting to co-operate!&quot;  
&quot;Hmm, you should show more respect, my dear.&quot; He turned to the
  man. &quot;Teach her the error of her ways but don't leave any marks. And we're
  taking off in fifteen minutes, mind.&quot; He moved down the aisle leaving
  Alexa at the mercy of her abuser.  
&quot;You heard the Senator, you pathetic little slit-bitch- gotta teach
  you respect!&quot; He removed his fist from her sopping cunt and took a cigarette
  lighter out of his pocket. Alexa could only stare in fear while the catsuit
  was pulled off her shoulders, exposing her chest. He suddenly gripped her right
  breast tightly making her yelp. Her poor nipple was going red as he increased
  the pressure. He lit the lighter and slowly moved it until the bright flame
  began to lick her gold ring! Alexa squealed in agony - her nipple began to
  feel very hot. He held her down against the seat and let the flame play on
  her ring until she was shrieking and whimpering dreadfully. &quot;What? You
  want another lesson, cunt?&quot; She shook her head and wept bitterly. He savagely
  gripped her other breast and applied the flame to her piercing. This time the
  burning seemed to go on forever! Alexa wailed and threw her head back, unable
  to escape the awful torture. &quot;So you're gonna be a good little cunt now?&quot; She
  nodded desperately. He leaned closer and smiled cruelly. &quot;And there's
  no point bleating to your Master - he's not going to listen to a good-for-nothing
  cunt-slave. He'll put you back on that spike and this time he'll finish you
  real slow like you deserve!&quot; Alexa shook miserably at his words. She felt
  so helpless - so worthless! He moved his fist down between her shaking thighs. &quot;Now
  open those fucking knees properly, English cunt-slave!&quot;  
She had to endure several more agonizing minutes of severe abuse before eventually
  cumming painfully on his fist. Then he finally closed up her zips and moved
  away. Tears dripped down her cheeks - tears of pain, despair, of frustration.
  Her Master walked past without even looking at her. Alexa wept and tried to
  blot out the agony in her ravaged cunt. She suddenly felt the jet moving. The
  engines were getting louder! She couldn't help making a soft keening noise
  in fear as the cabin tipped back. Where was she going - was it to the place
  called &quot;The Ranch&quot;? The jet seemed to go very quiet and she knew
  they had left the ground. Her old life was receding as they climbed into the
  night. Alexa thought of her first master - dear sweet Master Steve. She wanted
  to be brave for him - what would He have expected of her? And now she belonged
  to this new master - Master Charles. He had taken her to the brink of a cruel
  death then relented. He was a mystery - kindly and terrifying at the same time!
  But would she have been better dead? Her breasts ached terribly and she felt
  raw inside her pussy. She dreaded more torture. That guard was a sadistic bully!  
An attendant came and began to unlock her cuffs from the arms of the seat.
  He padlocked them together in front of her tummy and removed her seat belt.
  When her ankle chain was freed from the bar, she was pulled to the aisle by
  her leash chain and taken to the front of the cabin. The steward passed her
  leash to her Master and walked away. Alexa knelt in response to the tug on
  her leash but her Master forced her head right down and placed his foot against
  her neck. &quot;So you don't like flying, little Alexa?&quot; She made no attempt
  to reply.  
The other man was speaking. &quot;I'm sure she's very charming Charles, but
  why isn't she in the hold with the other slaves?&quot;  
&quot;Because it is mine.&quot;  
The other man sounded amazed. &quot;What - yours? Well, I never thought that
  our Head of Security would bother to keep a creature for himself - after all,
  you have so many at your disposal and you are renowned for, um, not extending
  their welcomes!&quot;  
The chain from her collar grew tighter but his foot kept Alexa's face to
  the floor. &quot;Perhaps this one might meet my requirements, if it passes
  my test. Otherwise...&quot;  
Alexa went very still. What test? Was this the re-training? And what would
  happen if she failed? She had learned of his reputation - a ruthless executioner
  and expert at breaking a slave. But he had changed his mind and lifted her
  clear of the spike, cut her down and given her CPR! Why her? She listened to
  their conversation, wondering what was being discussed. All she could follow
  was snippets - &quot;...shipments from Kabul finally resumed, ...excellent
  stock - innocent, easily broken, ...illegal immigrants - ironic how the pick
  of the crop comes running to be harvested...&quot;  
The steward had returned with drinks. &quot;And a juice for my slave please.&quot; Her
  Master removed his foot from her neck and handed down a carton. Alexa waited
  for her gag to be released. Her jaws ached from the long period that they had
  been forced apart by the ball. She sipped the fruity nectar through the plastic
  straw with relish. But she really needed to pee. It had taken all her willpower
  not to wet herself with fright while the guard had raped her with his fist.
  She tugged gently on her Master's trouser leg. &quot;Well, what is it slave?&quot;  
Alexa's voice was croaky. &quot;M-Master please...the bathroom please. N-not
  w-wanting accident, Master!&quot;  
He called the steward over and asked him to deal with her. At the cubicle,
  Alexa paused, uncertain how to remove her catsuit with her cuffs still on. &quot;Bend
  forward, girl!&quot; The steward thrust down her head and pushed his hand between
  her thighs, swiftly yanking her crotch zip open. &quot;Now squat and wipe your
  cunt dry afterwards!&quot; Alexa sat with her legs wide on the pan and relieved
  herself while the steward watched. When she finished and washed her hands,
  he didn't bother to zip up her crotch. She was just pushed back down the aisle
  and made to kneel as before.  
&quot;Well Charles, aren't we going to see what you have acquired? That catsuit's
  very fetching but what of the slave?&quot; The other man was making fun of
  her!  
A key was dropped next to Alexa's face. &quot;Free yourself and strip, slave!&quot; Alexa
  stared at the key - her old Master had never allowed her to touch a key. She
  hesitated. &quot;Slave, why are you still clothed?&quot; Her new Master's voice
  was stern. Alexa removed her wrist &amp; ankle cuffs as quickly as possible
  and unzipped her catsuit.  
As she peeled the costume down her body, the older man spoke again. &quot;Hmm
  - a bit thin and small, but nice piercings. That's not your brand Charles,
  it's too healed.&quot; He leaned forward and made her kneel in front with her
  thighs apart. &quot;Come along slut, hands on head!&quot; He reached down and
  tugged on her clit ring making her gasp. &quot;Very neat job! Ahhhhh, I recognize
  the design now - this was Stephen's mark, wasn't it?&quot; Alexa listened,
  craving any words about her late beloved Master. The man looked at his colleague. &quot;But
  why is she still alive - surely you didn't bother to claim her? You could have
  any fresh slave you wish!&quot;  
Her Master's reply thrilled and appalled her. &quot;This one was utterly
  devoted to Stephen, willingly accepted death. Had I bound it properly or used
  the full dosage in good time, it would have met the proper end for a slave
  who's Master has passed away. The fault was mine, I let it fight death and
  I relented. It has an admirable spirit! But whether it can serve me as well
  as Stephen, that remains to be seen!&quot;  
Somehow those words, although cruel and dispassionate, made Alexa display
  herself at their feet with greater vigor and intense passion. Both men smiled,
  entertained by her enthusiasm and the way in which she lost all control while
  the tip of her Master's shoe teased between the folds of her cunt...  
There was something very soothing about the low roar of the jet engines and
  the soft voices of her Master and the other man. Alexa curled up tightly under
  the blanket at their feet and clutched her collar chain with both hands. She
  had amused them until she was exhausted. It's all right for men, she thought.
  They can cum once and just get on with things immediately! Alexa always felt
  so weak, slightly dazed and needed to recover after an orgasm. And she had
  lost count of the number of orgasms that coursed through her body while she
  employed fingers, her Master's foot, and the vibrator he had thrown down to
  her to make her cry in anguish and relief. Alexa kept her head under the blanket
  and closed her eyes. She was too excited to sleep and wanted more than anything
  to hear whatever her Master had to say.  
&quot;You saw all that, didn't you?&quot; He was speaking to the other man,
  the Senator.  
&quot;Hmm - she sure is quite a creature! I could do much with a female animal
  like that. My compliments on your choice, Charles.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you. Now if you can excuse me, I must take a look in the hold
  - there's a rather special young creature we 'liberated' from Kandahar. And
  she's very pretty - dusky, perfect proportions, but pure blonde hair - most
  intriguing!&quot; Alexa peeped out from her blanket and watched her master
  hand the end of her leash chain to the other man. &quot;Would you care for
  the use of my slave's mouth while I'm occupied?&quot; Alexa shrank back, unhappy
  at the prospect of more abuse.  
&quot;Why thank you, Charles!&quot; The Senator leaned down and smiled at
  her. &quot;Come closer dear, and bring your fetters with you!&quot; Alexa got
  on her knees and picked up her wrist and ankle cuffs. She knelt before him
  and lowered her eyes respectfully. &quot;What are you called, my dear?&quot;  
&quot;A-alexa, S-sir!&quot; She was acutely aware he would report any failure
  to her master.  
He pointed to the ankle cuffs. &quot;Put them on, little Alexa - quickly!
  Don't keep me waiting!&quot; She swiftly locked the fetters round her ankles
  then picked up the wrist cuffs. &quot;Lock them together behind your back -
  looped round your ankle chain.&quot; Alexa struggled to obey as quickly as
  she could, knowing she would only be able to kneel with her restraints interlocked.
  The Senator smiled down at her, parting his legs and beckoned her forward.
  Alexa shuffled towards him, feeling the deep vibrations of the jet engines
  through her toes and knees. He unzipped his slacks and took out his stiffening
  cock. Alexa looked up at him, waiting for instructions. &quot;Make me cum,
  little slave - I want no mess! And do your very best to please me!&quot; He
  held his penis with one hand and gripped her hair with the other, guiding her
  mouth towards his glans. Alexa parted her moistened lips and closed her eyes.
  A sharp, painful tug on her ponytail made her wince and look up. &quot;Eyes
  open all the time, slave!&quot;  
Alexa stared down at the reddish-purple tip and put out her tongue. She delicately
  licked the small opening at the very top, tasting the clear drop of pre-cum
  that seeped from his member. It was slightly bitter - Alexa knew from experience
  the man was a smoker. She could tell from this first taste. She formed her
  lips into a ring and slowly pushed herself down until the ridge of his glans
  was just behind her front teeth. He increased his grip on her hair and adjusted
  his position slightly. Alexa filled her mouth with saliva and used her tongue
  in circular motions to massage the end of his penis. The Senator sighed and
  closed his thighs against the sides of her head, effectively locking her in
  position. She began to suck...  
&quot;Ohhh! Yessss! Good little slut - very good! Ahhhhhh!!!!&quot; His sighs
  of pleasure grew more strident and she knew from the throbbing in her mouth
  he was ready to cum. She rocked back and forth, letting her puckered lips rub
  across the ridge of his glans. He began to pull on her ponytail, dragging her
  further onto him! Alexa desperately fought down the urge to gag but he had
  blocked her throat completely! She began to panic, trying to pull back, to
  draw breath but he held her down! She struggled urgently, straining hard against
  her cuffs but there was no escape - she was choking!  
&quot;Akkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!&quot; He kept her head forward between his rigid
  thighs and easily overpowered her frantic struggles. In a sudden eruption,
  he spurted his semen down her aching throat and held her until he had finished.
  Alexa felt dizzy - she was going to faint! Suddenly, the vice-like grip on
  her head eased and she was able to pull back for air. &quot;Uhhhhhhhh.......ukkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!&quot; The
  Senator forced her back down.  
&quot;Come on, suck every last drop, my dear!&quot; She obeyed and swallowed
  down the remaining milky fluid. He held her leash chain while she lapped him
  clean, stroking her hair like a faithful pet. &quot;Good little bitch - I can
  see why my friend has claimed you!&quot; He patted her head when she stopped
  then put away his satisfied cock. Alexa leaned her cheek against his inner
  thigh and watched him press the buzzer. The steward quickly arrived and took
  the Senator's order. He returned after a few minutes and handed over a pastry. &quot;Open
  your sweet little mouth, Alexa - you have done well!&quot; Alexa took a bite
  of the delicious pastry from the Senators hand. It was full of spiced apple
  and she relished the wonderful flavor. He dropped the remainder between his
  feet and let go of her leash. Alexa hunkered down and ate the confection from
  the floor, licking every crumb from the carpet. She felt relieved and proud
  - the Senator was pleased with her!  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 3  
As the dawn light streamed in through the cabin windows, Alexa was freed
  and ordered to dress by her master. &quot;Allow me, my dear.&quot; The Senator
  leaned forward and closed each zip on her catsuit, except for the one along
  her crotch.  
Her master snapped his fingers to get her attention. &quot;Run along to the
  bathroom, Alexa, then return here immediately.&quot; She nodded and padded
  down the aisle, passing the steward who eyed her suspiciously. Alexa sat astride
  the pan with the door ajar while the steward hovered outside. When she had
  finished, she pushed the zipper down from behind and drew it shut from the
  front. Not wanting to displease her master, she ran back to the front of the
  cabin and knelt at his feet. &quot;Did I give you permission to close that
  zip?&quot; Alexa gulped in fear - was she in trouble so soon? &quot;Well, slave
  - are you going to answer me?&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes master...uhhh, I mean N-no master!&quot;  
&quot;Slave, did you just use the word 'I'?&quot; Alexa stammered, frozen
  to the spot. &quot;Unless permitted, from now on you will always use Third
  Person. There will be no 'I' or 'Me', only 'a slave' or 'this slave' - understand?&quot; She
  nodded with her eyes downcast. &quot;Answer me properly!&quot;  
&quot;A s-slave understands her M-master and she begs f-forgiveness!&quot;  
&quot;Better, but you are not to use 'she' or 'her' either - you are to use
  'it' only. There will be no further warning about this. If you forget, you
  will regret it! Now try again.&quot;  
&quot;Uhhh, this s-slave understands i-its master and...it begs forgiveness!&quot;  
He was standing over her. &quot;Get that crotch opened up - NOW!&quot; She
  put her hand down and pushed the zipper as far as she could reach then drew
  it up between her buttocks, exposing her cunt and anus as required. Without
  a word, he dropped the ankle cuffs on the carpet and snapped his fingers. Alexa
  obediently fettered her legs together and looked up. Her master was holding
  the wrist cuffs in front of her face. &quot;Turn around and put your hands
  on your buttocks.&quot; She shuffled round and placed her palms against the
  taut plastic over her backside. He was doing something behind her neck. There
  was a soft click and something was dangling between her shoulders. &quot;Get
  those hands up and cuff yourself, little Alexa!&quot;  
It was a struggle but she managed to put her wrists in the cuffs and click
  them shut. Her hands were stuck high up her back! He was holding a gag at her
  mouth - it was ball-shaped but had a long extension like the end of penis on
  it! &quot;P-please master - a s-slave can't get that in. It's too long! I,
  uhh, a slave will choke...mmmmkkkkkk!!!&quot; Her plea for mercy was swiftly
  denied. The gag filled her, pressing her tongue down and pushing against the
  roof of her mouth. The broad tip felt as if it was down her throat, making
  her fight the urge to retch. She shook while the straps were drawn tight under
  her ponytail. &quot;You may thank my good friend here for suggesting a trainer
  gag!&quot; Alexa stared wildly at the Senator who gave her an amused wink.
  Her master was crouching next to her now. She turned to see what he was doing
  and widened her eyes in dismay. He was holding a steel, training chastity belt!  
Her heart sank as she recognized the horrid device that was designed to violate,
  not protect. She remembered how it had been used on her several times when
  she was a novice slave - the mere sight was enough to make her shake with fear.
  The lower band had a long pointed ridge inside the base with two large penis-shaped
  dildoes sticking upwards. The dildoes were black with silver strips up the
  sides! &quot;Straighten up, slave! This will teach you better manners!&quot; He
  swiftly locked the waistband above her hips, tightly cinching her tummy. &quot;Get
  those knees spread!&quot; Alexa whimpered as the curved band was slid between
  her thighs. He hadn't even lubricated the dildoes! She tensed when the cold
  tips pushed against her labia and tight anus. She was rewarded with a stinging
  slap across her face. &quot;Stop clenching, slave! They're going in no matter
  how hard you squeeze yourself shut!&quot; Alexa miserably relaxed her pelvic
  floor muscles and moaned at the sharp pain when the dildoes forced their way
  into her vagina and rectum. Her master was aided by the Senator who grinned
  while he brusquely tugged the rear of the band up between her buttocks. There
  were the sickening clicks of locks closing; signaling the belt was complete.
  Alexa looked down at the tight band digging in between the open sides of her
  crotch zip - she felt uncomfortably full inside her pussy and backside!  
Her master summoned the steward and handed over her leash chain. &quot;Please
  put my slave in the hold with the blonde creature.&quot; He turned to the Senator. &quot;We
  had to separate that one from the rest as they were trying to injure it and
  tear its hair - the others seem to hate it for some reason.&quot;  
Alexa stumbled along behind the steward, barely able to walk with the intense
  feelings inside her lower orifices and the awful device filling her throat.
  The man showed no concern for her and dragged her down some steep steps to
  the cargo hold below. There were cages along both sides! Alexa was hauled past
  several groups of fettered, naked women. They all had long dark hair and dusky
  skin. They peered at her curiously then whispered to each other. A man walked
  towards them. It was the guard who had tortured and abused her! The steward
  tugged her forward and handed the leash chain over then left. The man smiled
  cruelly down at her and began to lift the chain up.  
&quot;So they've had enough of you upstairs, you worthless English cunt!&quot; He
  was pulling her collar tightly under her chin, drawing her nearer to him! Alexa
  had to stand as tall as possible to keep from choking. She gasped and struggled
  for breath while he casually fondled her aching nipples through her catsuit. &quot;Let's
  get you settled down, bitch!&quot; He dragged her into the end cell and forced
  her to sit down against the curved wall. But he wasn't finished with her yet!  
Alexa moaned in acute discomfort when he lifted her up by the back of the
  chastity belt, locking it to a ring on the hull so she couldn't stand or sit
  back down! When she tried to fold her legs under her body, he yanked her feet
  in front and locked her ankle chain to a floor ring. This forced her weight
  to settle on the crotch band, driving the ridge and its dildoes even deeper
  into her body. Try as she might, her buttocks and thighs barely grazed the
  floor and gave her no support. Worse was to come. The man removed the leash
  from the front of her neck and snapped it shut half way up the chain between
  her wrist cuffs and collar. He locked the other end of the leash tightly above
  her head. Alexa struggled desperately for relief; beads of sweat forming on
  her face. He took two little clamps out of his pocket and began to open her
  catsuit!  
&quot;Uhhhhh!!!! Nnnnnnn!!!! Ukkkkkk!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;What's up, cunt-slave - want me to use the lighter again?&quot; She
  blinked tearfully at him and writhed in torment, trying to stop the dreadful
  pressure under her body and round her throat and wrists. As the first clamp
  bit down on her left nipple, she moaned. The second clamp made her squeal!
  He just grinned and zipped up the suit, enclosing her tortured breasts. &quot;I
  see you don't appreciate that belt much do you, you fucking stuck-up English
  bitch! And you're stuck up good and proper now, aren't you? I'm gonna give
  you an obedience lesson!&quot; He trailed two wires across the cell floor and
  slid a plug into the base of each dildo. There were small wing bolts to keep
  each plug in place. He moved to the partition outside her cell and pressed
  a switch on a panel with dials on it. When he twisted the first dial, a surge
  of current coursed through her backside! Alexa yelled in terrible pain, thrashing
  wildly against her restraints. He watched her shaking violently, tears cascading
  down her face. &quot;And now for the front dildo, fuckin' bitch!&quot;  
Alexa twisted her head in disbelief, clenching her fingers and toes while
  the violent shocks made her cunt muscles spasm! &quot;UUUUUHHHHKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;Like that, you fucking stupid slut?&quot; Another savage jolt tore
  through her backside and pussy simultaneously! She jerked violently and nearly
  passed out with the excruciating torment. He turned the dials down so the current
  was reduced to a steady ache in her ravaged crotch. &quot;Some bitches get
  off on that eventually - if you do, consider it a generous favor!&quot;  
He thrust another girl into the cell and locked the steel barred door shut.
  Alexa groaned weakly as the dark-skinned naked girl crept nearer. She was a
  stunning beauty, young, with deep-brown almond-shaped eyes and very long blonde
  hair. She stared in amazement and horror at Alexa's trembling body, running
  her fingers wonderingly over the slick red fabric of her catsuit. Through a
  haze of pain, Alexa realized the girl was whispering but she couldn't make
  out a single word.  
The girl tried again. &quot;I speak English you? Please, you err knows English?&quot; Alexa
  nodded feebly and wept in anguish and frustration. The torture was keeping
  her on the brink of orgasm but she couldn't cum! The girl was crying too. She
  tenderly stroked Alexa's face and tried to tug her gag strap loose but there
  was a lock through the buckle. She tried to help support Alexa by putting her
  cuffed bare hands under her plastic-clad buttocks. She yelled and suddenly
  jumped back as her fetters touched the terminals on the plugs and current tingled
  in her arms. &quot;You hurts but I not cans helps - is, uhhh, is burn in you
  there?&quot; Alexa nodded feebly, unable to stop trembling violently. In desperation,
  she started jerking hard and thrusting her hips backwards and forwards. She
  had to cum - she HAD to!  
The girl sensed that Alexa was urgently trying to get relief but was unable
  to help. All she could think of was cuddling this pale female in the strange
  red costume. Guljana put her arms around her and held her close, listening
  to the groans and piteous mewing noise escaping past the thing in the girl's
  mouth. The girl pressed against Guljana then went rigid before letting out
  an agonized moan. Guljana was shocked - this girl was reacting like a houri
  serving the faithful!  
&quot;Liked that, did you? Want some more, pain-slut?&quot; The guard had
  been watching and had his hands on both dials!  
&quot;Uhhhh!!! Nnnnnn!!! Pllssssssss!!!! UUUUURRGGGHHHHKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!&quot; Alexa's
  body went into a seizure as both dials reached maximum. Her bare heels drummed
  on the metal floor.  
The Afghani girl recoiled in shock, hardly able to watch. The trembling girl
  was making a guttural noise - her eyes rolled up showing only white! &quot;Stop!
  Not - mister! She hurt too many! Mister - she go die!&quot;  
&quot;Oh fucking shit!&quot; The guard quickly shut off the current, making
  Alexa's body flop limply forwards. He raced into the cell, kicking the weeping
  Afghani bitch aside. He unlocked the buckle of Alexa's gag and tore it out
  of her mouth. She took an enormous gasp then coughed raggedly. &quot;Wake up!
  Come on, cunt!&quot; He backhanded her, slamming her face to one side. &quot;Don't
  you try to escape by dying on me!&quot; SLAP! She roused weakly, tasting blood.
  He gripped her hair and twisted her ponytail until she screamed. &quot;That's
  better! Now fucking behave or I'll put that gag back and leave you to fry on
  maximum!&quot;  
She stared miserably at his face - he looked frightened! Alexa realized the
  guard was worried he had gone too far with her. &quot;T-tell my m-master! I'll
  tell h-him what you did!&quot;  
&quot;Why you fucking insolent cunt!&quot; He put the heel of his boot on
  the chain between her ankles and kicked back hard, jarring her cruelly against
  the tight crotch band to make her squeal in agony. &quot;Listen up, slut! Up
  there, you're just another fucking sex-toy. Down here you're my prisoner and
  if you try to get fuckin' sassy with me I'll gut you and dump your sorry ass
  in the goddam ocean for the sharks!&quot; He turned, furious with her cheek,
  and suddenly gripped the Afghani girl by her throat, forcing her against the
  bars of the cage. &quot;And if you do anything, you go back in with your loving
  Arab sisters - understand me, you filthy heathen bitch?&quot; The terrified
  girl wailed in terror then collapsed to the floor as the guard stormed out
  and slammed home the cage door. Both girls stared at each other. Alexa burst
  into fresh tears.  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 4  
Guljana huddled close to the white girl to keep warm. Once their crying had
  subsided, she tried to communicate but her English was so poor! &quot;Guljana,&quot; she
  pointed to herself, &quot;me Guljana am - you ams?&quot;  
&quot;A-alexa. I'm called Alexa. Guljana, where are you from? Can you understand
  me?&quot;  
Guljana shrugged in confusion, and then it dawned what the girl - what Alexa
  had asked. &quot;Kandahar - me, err my...home Kandahar.&quot; She used her
  hands to help explain. &quot;Much bad, much bomb from high! In truck away...many
  soldiers fights all dies not me. New men me take here, me take jet.&quot; She
  was sobbing. &quot;Go wheres? Is very bad more!&quot; She hid her face in her
  hands. Ohh there was so much she was desperate to tell but she didn't know
  the words!  
Alexa was crying again too but Guljana knew it was from pain. &quot;You hurt
  bads?&quot;  
&quot;M-my breasts! Please, Guljana please help me!&quot; Guljana didn't
  understand but saw the anguished girl nodding towards her chest. There were
  hard things pushing out under the red shiny cloth over Alexa's nipples. She
  knelt down but couldn't work out how the garment opened - there were no buttons,
  no laces, and only a black strip down the front. &quot;Th-the zip! Under my
  chin - PLEEASE!!!&quot; Guljana tugged on a silver ring and stared in amazement
  at the way the sides of the zip began to open. She pulled the zip right down
  as far as she could and gazed at the milky-white skin of this foreigner. Alexa
  whimpered when Guljana pulled the suit open to expose her breasts. Her nipples
  were a deep, angry red from the remorseless bite of the clamps. The girl's
  eyes widened at the sight of the golden rings through the tips. &quot;T--take
  them off! Please, get them off me!&quot; Guljana fingered the first metal device,
  trying to understand how it worked. She squeezed the ends...  
&quot;YAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; Alexa screamed uncontrollably
  as blood rushed back into her bruised flesh. Guljana gently pressed her hand
  over Alexa's mouth - they mustn't alert the guard! She reached for the other
  nipple clamp and did the only thing she could think of to silence the poor
  girl's scream - she kissed her. &quot;AAAAIIIIIIEEEEMMMMMMPPPHH!!!!!!!!&quot; Alexa's
  breast felt as if the lighter was burning her again! She wailed into Guljana's
  sweet mouth and twisted in her fetters. The kiss went on longer than necessary.
  Guljana's tongue darted questingly inside the foreign girl's mouth. She paused,
  their eyes locked together. She withdrew and put her face down to the girl's
  chest. As she licked the injured nipple, Alexa shrank back fearing more pain.
  But she was so tender, so sweet! Guljana attended to the other breast. Despite
  her torments, Alexa felt very aroused by this dark-skinned creature. They kissed
  again and Guljana held her tightly.  
One of the other girls hissed at them in a language Alexa didn't understand. &quot;Look
  at the dirty mule with her lover!&quot; The cruel words stung Guljana, and
  she reddened angrily.  
&quot;What is it? Guljana, what did she say?&quot; Alexa looked concerned.  
&quot;Not say - bad thing!&quot; Guljana's mother had been raped by a Russian
  Officer and her birth had brought great shame on her family. Guljana had been
  taunted and spat on at school, and called 'the mule' by the other girls because
  of her lighter skin and blonde hair. Once, she tried rubbing dirt in her hair
  to make it darker - her grandfather had beaten her severely for her troubles.  
&quot;Guljana, tell me - please!&quot; Alexa's voice was gentle.  
Guljana had never had a friend before and this girl was so nice to her! &quot;She
  say we, err, you-me we...loves!&quot; Now this girl would hate her too! But
  she was smiling - Alexa was smiling at her!  
&quot;Never mind them - Guljana, I like that. Its nice - you're nice! Please...kiss
  me again? It helps the pain. Please?&quot; Guljana turned and sneered at her
  tormentor then gave her new friend-love a sensuous full-mouthed kiss.  
&quot;Whelp-bitch of a traitor-whore!&quot; The girls shouted insults until
  the guard thrust an electric prod through the bars of their cage and ordered
  them to be silent. Luckily, he didn't bother to come down the aisle to the
  end cell where Alexa and Guljana had found merciful comfort from their tender
  embrace - a brief haven in the hell of their lives.  
The dusky-skinned girl plied her with so many questions. Alexa tried her
  best to answer but the language barrier and her immense discomfort didn't help. &quot;Alexa,
  you have babies?&quot;  
&quot;No. I can't - I've been sterilized.&quot; Guljana frowned at the difficult
  word. &quot;What about you?&quot;  
Guljana lowered her eyes. &quot;I not be with a mans that way - only in mouth
  and...&quot; She shrugged, lost for the right word then pointed to her backside.
  Alexa felt guilty for asking, realizing the naked girl had been kept a virgin
  but she had been used in other ways. Guljana couldn't tell her that a Talib
  commander had kept her chained naked in his cellar. He would make her dance
  to banned Western music, calling her 'Brit-neespir ' then repeatedly raped
  her in her mouth and backside. He was keeping her hymen intact as she was going
  to be a 'gift to a great hero'. The commander was fleeing with his men when
  they were ambushed by the soldiers. They had discovered her tied and gagged
  under a tarpaulin. But they didn't let her go...  
Alexa watched the dusky-skinned beauty sitting quietly, lost in her own thoughts. &quot;Guljana,
  where is your family - your mother and father?&quot; The Afghani girl looked
  so sad, she immediately regretted asking. &quot;Sorry - you don't need to...&quot;  
&quot;My abu,&quot; her eyes were brimming with tears, &quot;he Colonel KGB
  take umma she capture - he make her h-have baby m-me!&quot; The drips ran down
  her face, making Alexa ache with pity. &quot;M-my umma s-she stand on...on
  m-mine! I very much y-young sh-she d-d...&quot; The last syllable escaped the
  poor girl's throat as a broken whisper. The painful silence was broken only
  by Guljana's heart-rending sobs and by the hissed insults from the other girls.  
&quot;Ohhh Guljana - come here. I can't hold you but let me kiss you!&quot; It
  took all her inner strength not to join in the Afghani girl's mournful weeping.
  She crawled over and held tightly to Alexa - like a frightened little girl
  alone in an alien world of cruel men and machines. Finally, the sobs reduced
  to an occasional sniffle.  
&quot;Alexa, what happen...us? What we go?&quot;  
&quot;You mean where?&quot;  
&quot;Yes - where...sorry.&quot;  
&quot;Hey, don't be sorry! You're doing good!&quot; Guljana looked blankly
  at her. &quot;You speak OK!&quot; She was rewarded with a brilliant smile that
  grew from the corners of Guljana's mouth, revealing perfect white teeth. Alexa
  thought her companion would bring any catwalk to a standstill if she'd been
  a model. Her innocent smile was so heart-rending to Alexa. She had no idea
  what was going on, what kind of life faced her. &quot;Guljana, we are going
  to America. You, me - slaves. Do you understand?&quot;  
The smile dissolved into a shocked 'O' as Guljana rocked back on her heels.
  America - USA? Why? The other word that Alexa used - she tried to remember
  what it meant...a servant? No! 'Abdah' - a slave-girl!!! It all suddenly made
  horrible sense. The way the soldiers stripped her naked and carried her in
  chains onto the big plane. She wasn't a prisoner - she was a slave! Guljana
  fell silent and turned her head away so Alexa wouldn't see her fresh tears.  
There was a loud whirring sound and the plane seemed to be dipping. Guljana
  wailed and gripped the cage bars in fright. The other girls where shrieking
  and whimpering. Alexa watched and tried to soothe the panicking girl. &quot;Hey,
  its OK - we're only land...UUUUUUUUUGGGHHHHH!!!!!!&quot; The sudden thump of
  the undercarriage touching the runway made her slam down on the violation belt,
  jarring her insides dreadfully. Guljana went flying across the cage and lay
  in a crumpled, keening heap on the floor. When they came to a stop, the guard
  was rattling a stick on the bars, shouting &quot;Welcome to the good old US
  of A, cunts!&quot; He sniggered cruelly. &quot;Land of the free, home of the
  great American dream - but not for dirty sluts like you!&quot; He didn't care
  that only one slave understood his words. They were all only fit to be fuck-meat...  
Guljana and Alexa were the last to be removed from the cages. The guard took
  great pleasure in tightly fettering and gagging the naked Afghani bitch before
  yanking a hood down over her head. He turned to Alexa and released her ankle
  chain from the floor ring. She yelped when the lock that had pinned the back
  of her violation belt was freed from the wall. He held the tip of the cruel
  penis gag against her mouth. &quot;Come on, cunt! Open up!&quot; Alexa had
  no choice. She was taken completely by surprise when he deliberately thrust
  the gag in as fast as possible, nearly making her retch in shock. He paused
  and sniffed her hair. Then he licked the side of her face, making her shiver
  in revulsion. &quot;You and me babe,&quot; he whispered, &quot;some day I'll
  have you to play with on our own. I'll split you apart on a meat bayonet!&quot; He
  kissed her lightly on her forehead and drew the black spandex hood down then
  fastened the buckle strap under her quivering chin. Alexa staggered up when
  the leash chain was jerked behind her head and trotted blindly into the faint
  light of a New World dawn.  
&quot;Put them in the trunk, please.&quot; It was her master's voice. She
  stumbled and bumped against Guljana as they made their pitiful way down the
  steps and across the cold concrete to the waiting limo.  
Alexa could hear the muffled voice of the Senator. &quot;Charles, I'd like
  to sample that Afghani creature if she survives. And as for the little experiment
  with your slave, remember there's a bottle of Scotch riding on that one!&quot;  
What did he mean? What experiment? The lid of the trunk slammed down and
  they sped off to their destination, cramped and lying on top of each other
  among the rest of the luggage. The limo swung onto the freeway beneath a sign
  that proudly proclaimed 'Welcome to America!  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 5  
By the time the limo's engine stopped, Alexa was whimpering in agony. She
  had terrible pins and needles in her hands; her head and body were overheating
  in the suffocating catsuit and hood, and her crotch felt like it was on fire.
  She was desperate for the toilet and terribly thirsty. And she was very frightened.  
The whispered threat by that cruel guard was still ringing in her ears. What
  if she failed to please her new master? What if he sent her to...him?! A rush
  of cool air bathed the girls as the trunk was opened. Alexa was lifted out
  and placed on her feet but her legs gave way immediately. She tried to stand
  in response to the shouting and tugging on her collar but her knees kept buckling
  under her body. There were strong hands on her upper arms and she felt somebody
  lifting her feet by the ankle chain - she was being carried face down! It was
  impossible to tell where they were going but she recognized the harsh metallic
  click of a heavy lock. Alexa lay sprawled on a hard floor waiting, still fettered.
  There was a ragged gasp to her left and something flopped against her side
  - was it Guljana? The cuffs were being unlocked. Alexa felt a surge of relief,
  slowly moving her hands down her back to lie at her sides. He legs were freed
  too. Now the rear of the belt was being unlocked. They turned her over. The
  front lock clicked open then...pain! Ohh the awful pain as the dildoes slid
  out of her ravaged pussy and backside! Her shrieks were muted by the deep gag
  and the hood but they still slapped her into miserable silence.  
When the hood and gag finally came off, Alexa blinked in the harsh light
  and looked around. The Afghani girl was crouching next to her, panting and
  trying to get up. Like Alexa, she had been freed but her collar remained -
  also secured by a long chain to a ring on the cell wall. And it was small,
  about six feet square, barred on three sides with a rough stone end. There
  was one thin plastic mattress with a blanket, one slop bucket and one large
  bowl of water. A tiny camera pointed down from the roof outside the cage.  
Two men were standing outside, two strangers in black uniforms. One pointed
  to Alexa. &quot;Get that suit off cunt, feed it through the bars - NOW!&quot; Alexa
  feebly tugged open the zips and struggled to undress herself. He snatched away
  her catsuit and peered down at her, curiously examining her piercings and brand. &quot;Now
  settle yourself and this other slave - you obviously know the routine.&quot; He
  looked Alexa's cellmate over then turned to his colleague. &quot;What the hell
  sort of a name is 'Guljana' anyway?&quot; He pointed at Alexa. &quot;You best
  keep her right or you'll be punished same as her if she puts a foot wrong!&quot; They
  walked out of the room, leaving the girls staring at one another.  
Guljana's chin trembled. &quot;Alexa, I scare am - what the mans say? Why
  you scare also so much?&quot;  
She managed a weak smile for the anxious girl. &quot;Look it's OK, just rest
  - you take the blanket. D-don't worry!&quot; It didn't work - the sight of
  tears trickling down Guljana's face was too much. They wept together, they
  hugged, and they kissed...  
...Alexa sat huddled at the end of the mattress and fondly smiled down at
  the curled-up girl next to her. She looked so innocent there, sleeping with
  her mouth slightly open. Careful not to disturb her, Alexa slowly climbed over
  and reached for the water dish.  
&quot;I am waken, s-sister.&quot; Alexa smiled at being called that. The
  dusky beauty smiled back then looked down in horror between her thighs. She
  wailed and buried her face in her hands.  
&quot;Guljana - what's wrong?&quot; Alexa moved closer, watching the girl
  trying to cover herself with the blanket. &quot;What is it?&quot;  
&quot;I-I am bleed! M-my time bleed! No cloths!&quot; She hid her face in
  shame.  
Alexa's jaw fell. She knew Guljana would be in terrible trouble! &quot;H-has
  it stopped?&quot;  
&quot;Yes - think yes!&quot;  
The main door to the cellblock was being unlocked! &quot;Quick, give me the
  blanket - hurry!&quot; Alexa snatched the soiled blanket and wrapped it round
  her waist. She crouched down in the corner as one of the men came over.  
&quot;You - what are you up to? Give that here!&quot; Alexa quickly pushed
  the blanket between the bars. He held it open to reveal a dark red stain then
  dropped it to the floor. &quot;Why you dirty little bitch! Get out here NOW!&quot; He
  unlocked the cage door, freed Alexa's collar from the long chain and hauled
  her out to kneel at his feet. &quot;On your back, grip your ankles and open
  your knees!&quot; He stood with his feet on either side of her arms, facing
  her thighs and held the tip of a crop along her cleft! She closed her eyes
  and turned her head away from the cell. &quot;Get that head back! Eyes open!
  Now, you filthy little slut - how many strokes is that worth?&quot;  
Alexa stared miserably at Guljana who was gripping the cell bars in terror.
  This was so cruel - if she said a number too low, she would be punished harder
  for insolence. If it were too high, she would be given every stroke she had
  suggested! &quot;I, err, th-this slave begs t-ten please?&quot; He was frowning
  down at her. &quot;Umm, f-fifteen p-please?&quot; He was still frowning! &quot;T-t-twenty?...&quot; Her
  voice trailed off in horror at the prospect of being beaten between her thighs
  so many times!  
He was smiling cruelly down at her, rubbing the length of the crop between
  her labia. &quot;That's too many, dirty cunt - even for filth like you! Too
  much damage where you're useful - we'll stop at twelve but I actually only
  had six in mind!&quot; He raised the crop and turned to Guljana. &quot;You
  can count for us, pretty little foreign bitch. You'll learn from this filthy
  cunt's punishment!&quot;  
Guljana barely understood what the man was saying but she knew something
  dreadful was going to happen. Alexa was protecting her - she was taking the
  blame for messing the blanket! He wanted her to count but she didn't know past
  five in English. &quot;Please Mister Sir, I not know count much! She is c-clean
  - I am dir...&quot;  
&quot;Shut the fuck up and start counting!&quot;  
WHACK!  
The crop whistled through the air to land perfectly inside Alexa's outer
  lips. She cried in abject pain and tensed for the next blow. &quot;Come on,
  Afghan cunt - that's one, now say it!&quot;  
&quot;One! Please...&quot;  
WHACK!  
&quot;Twos! Ohhh please not...&quot;  
WHACK!  
&quot;Th-three! Not! Please Mister Sir, is not Alexa make...&quot;  
&quot;Shut up, Afghan cunt!&quot;  
Alexa held her breath, waiting for the fourth agonizing blow. He was pushing
  the tip of the crop against her abdomen, low down on the left. &quot;That little
  scar - just like the other side...bitch, you've been sterilized haven't you?&quot; She
  nodded, whimpering, as he pressed harder where her ovary should have been. &quot;So
  why are you bleeding? Slave, are you ill?&quot; He looked across at Guljana,
  noticing the dark streaks on the inside of her thighs. &quot;It wasn't you
  was it - it's her!&quot; He stared down, puzzled and annoyed. &quot;Why did
  you take the rap for that, cunt? You're gonna answer to your master for this!
  And if you ever pull a stunt like that again I'll double the beating - understand
  me?&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes Sir! S-sorry Sir!&quot; Alexa tried to keep still while he sawed
  the crop along her bruised cunt. He stepped across her and pulled her back
  into the cell, pausing to re-lock her collar to the long chain. He turned and
  gripped Guljana's hair making her cry before slapping her hard across her face.
  She wept and cowered in the corner when he released her. The other man had
  returned with two stainless steel bowls and set them down on the cell floor.  
&quot;Now eat your food, cunts - no hands mind and be quick about it! You've
  both got a busy day and I want you in the showers in five minutes. If you don't
  finish your meals they'll be taken away and you'll miss the next one!&quot; He
  slammed the cage door shut and locked it. Alexa limped across to hunker down
  in front of the dish and looked at the gray lumpy mess. She put her face down
  and tasted it with the tip of her tongue - sort of meaty, sort of bitter but
  edible. She was starving and it was all they would get anyway so she began
  to nibble.  
Guljana crept closer and gingerly put her finger towards her dish. &quot;NO
  HANDS, BITCH!&quot; She jumped and quickly withdrew her arm. As she crouched
  down, her long blonde hair fell into the bowl. She gathered her mane into one
  hand and started to awkwardly lap up the thick sludge. It tasted so strange!
  Both girls cleared their dishes until the insides gleamed. They took turns
  at the water dish and knelt side by side. Alexa felt Guljana's fingers searching
  for her hand and squeezed them tightly to stop them trembling.  
&quot;Get those hands raised in front for cuffing!&quot; Alexa immediately
  held her arms up with her wrists crossed, nodding to Guljana to copy her. The
  men entered their cell and secured each girl with handcuffs, leg irons and
  ball gags. Alexa struggled up in response to the sharp tug on the short chain
  that now hung from the front of her collar. Guljana stood too, bumping against
  her fellow-captive as they were led out of the cell room. They had to trot
  very quickly as their ankle chains were too short to walk at a normal pace.
  At the end of the corridor, there was a large alcove with showerheads, strange-looking
  hoses, a shiny tubular beam at waist height and horrible stainless steel devices
  on a metal trolley. Worse still, were the rings embedded in the floor beneath
  the beam. Once secured, a girl would be vulnerable to anything in here!  
&quot;Bend over the bar, arms and heads down - MOVE IT, CUNTS!&quot; Alexa
  silently obeyed and hung forward while her ankle and wrist cuffs were locked
  to the floor rings so she was stretched and splayed. Unfortunately, Alexa was
  too short and couldn't even touch the floor with her fingers or toes. It was
  then that it suddenly dawned on her - she was being treated like a new girl!
  She was going to be broken all over again! She began to tremble and couldn't
  stop the tears falling down her face. She stared down at the red tiled floor
  and watched the first drip splash from her cheek. Her tummy hurt and her hands
  and feet felt numb.  
Guljana dumbly stood in shock and had to be forced to bend over the bar.
  She cried in terror while they separated her wrists and ankle cuffs before
  stretching her limbs apart and securing her for the next ordeal. Both girls
  strained to see what was going on. When Alexa looked between her legs and saw
  the men undressing, she knew what was going to happen! There was absolutely
  nothing either girl could do - gagged, cuffed, bent and splayed over the steel
  tube. Alexa tensed as bare legs stood behind her, feeling strong hands on her
  hips then, without any foreplay, one of the men swiftly penetrated her cunt.
  It hurt terribly but she didn't cry out. He was the first man to fuck her since
  her old master had died and she felt very strange - sort of guilty and relieved.  
Poor Guljana took it very badly though - she screamed frantically while her
  hymen was ripped apart as a thick penis violated her virginal cunt. The man
  seemed to like her screams - he grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her
  head up and back, making her squeal even louder. Strangely, when the men withdrew
  from the girls' cunts and started to rape them anally, it was Alexa who cried
  out while Guljana was silent. Alexa was still sore inside from the awful belt
  she had worn during the journey. Guljana was reeling in shock - her body had
  trembled inside when the man put his thing in her pussy. It hadn't just been
  the brutal discomfort - it was something else but what? Her body had reacted
  and not just from pain! The men took their time, occasionally commenting on
  their victims' responses...  
Alexa hung limply over the bar, feeling the trickle of his cum sliding down
  her thigh. They freed her and removed all her fetters except for the collar.
  She was even allowed to remove her gag. One of the men pointed at the shower
  then went to assist his colleague with the weeping Afghani girl. Alexa picked
  up a hose and gently pushed the slender tip between her labia. Guljana struggled
  wildly at the first touch of the shaver and went rigid while the wispy curls
  over her pussy were trimmed away. The cream that followed smelled awful and
  stung her newly shaved mons while it destroyed all the stubble to leave her
  smooth down below. Her armpits were given the same treatment.  
Alexa took a deep breath and let it out slowly while she pushed the tip past
  her anus. She hated doing it but if she didn't, the men would take over and
  hurt her more. Once she had finished, she lathered her hair and body then stood
  under the strong spray. &quot;You can wash out your cell-mate, cunt! And make
  a good job of it too or you'll suffer!&quot;  
Alexa stared at the wild eyes of Guljana then knelt behind her shaking body. &quot;Sir?
  I...this slave thinks her sister's still a virgin - do you still want...&quot;  
&quot;Not any longer, cunt! Anyway, who fucking cares about her precious
  virginity? Get her cleaned in and out so I can inspect her!&quot;  
It was awful but she had no choice. Guljana wailed and struggled as the pointed
  tip of the hose began to push past her freshly torn hymen. Alexa tried to be
  as gentle as she could but knew the girl was going through physical and mental
  agony. Guljana was silent and relaxed while her back passage was flushed out.
  Alexa soaped Guljana's body and hair, taking her time with the lather, soothing
  her friend as best she could before rinsing her off. She stood back and turned
  away when one of the men inserted a speculum into Guljana's vagina and examined
  her with a torch. By this time, the Afghani girl was whimpering again. Satisfied,
  he removed the device and freed her. Guljana held onto Alexa and cried bitterly.
  They were made to rinse each other again then dry off with towels.  
&quot;Good! Now you cunts can run along and play
  until you're called. Follow me.&quot; He strode ahead, not even bothering to
  check if they were following. He unlocked a door, pushed them through then
  locked it behind them. Alexa and Guljana just stood there, utterly amazed by
  the sight...  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 6  
Guljana let out a strangled gasp. She had never dreamed anything like this
  could exist! Suddenly, her recent rape and humiliating abuses seemed so unimportant,
  almost trivial. The huge room was lined with pale marble. There was a giant
  bath of clear blue water, with a little round pool in the center that bubbled
  as if it was boiling - but there were other girls sitting in it! All the girls
  were so beautiful and very different from her. Was this the way the Americans
  live? She turned to Alexa and followed her gaze. Ishtar! The massive window
  looked out into the sky! They were so high up, like a mountain - there were
  amazing buildings pointing into the clouds. She felt dizzy, it is too high!
  Ishtar, mercy! Guljana reached desperately for Alexa's comforting hand.  
There was a girl behind them. Her voice was soft and had a French accent. &quot;Lex?
  LEXIE?!! Mon dieu - its really you?&quot;  
Alexa turned and stared at a familiar face. &quot;Nadine? Wh-what are you
  doing here? Oh my sis! Ohhh!&quot; They embraced so passionately that Guljana
  fell back, ashamed that she had ever thought she might become special to Alexa. &quot;Guljana,&quot; she
  took the worried girl's hand and pressed it into the smiling stranger's. &quot;This
  is Nadine, our sister! Nadine, this is Guljana - she's needing love, she's
  new and very frightened.&quot;  
In a daze, Guljana found herself being wrapped in Nadine's arms and being
  gently but firmly kissed on her forehead. &quot;Hi Guljana, you're beautiful!
  Any friend of my beloved sister Alexa is my friend too - I mean that!&quot;  
Guljana smiled and felt her eyes fill with tears at the kind greeting. &quot;I
  am th-thank you, Na-din! I will be love you friend back?&quot; She looked at
  Alexa, unsure if she was understood.  
Alexa burst into laughter and nodded happily. &quot;Its OK, Guljana, we know
  what you meant!&quot; She padded over to the edge of the pool and sat with
  her feet dangling in the warm water. &quot;Come on, Guljana!&quot; But the
  Afghani girl drew back, looking scared.  
&quot;I not...too big! I not cans...&quot; She waved her arms in frustration,
  trying to remember the word.  
&quot;Swim - you can't swim?&quot;  
&quot;Swim - yes! No! I not swims!&quot; Guljana felt so inadequate. She
  knew she was just a stupid peasant-girl from a backward country. She began
  to cry in shame and frustration. A hand slid around her shoulders - it was
  Nadine. She didn't speak but just held her close. All the pent-up distress
  of the last few weeks burst out of Guljana's aching heart. She wept for her
  terrifying ordeal when she was snatched from her home and stripped naked in
  a cellar. She wept for the trauma of being turned into a filthy houri. She
  wept for her poor dead umma...  
Alexa nearly joined Nadine in comforting the distraught girl but changed
  her mind. It was too precious a moment to spoil by intruding on the intimate
  scene. Once her sobs had died down, Guljana let Nadine lead her to the steps
  at the shallow end of the pool. The water was crystal clear and smelled a bit
  funny but it looked so inviting. She tentatively dipped her foot - it was warm!
  Guljana summoned up her courage and went in a bit further. It wasn't too deep,
  only reaching to just below her breasts. The other girls were laughing and
  playing around her, splashing and swimming. In no time at all, the Afghani
  girl found herself enjoying the wondrous water. Twice, Nadine had to stop her
  from trying to drink it!  
The next couple of hours were gloriously happy - Nadine introduced Alexa
  and Guljana to all the other girls. One, Theresa, kept staring goggle-eyed
  at Alexa. She finally explained how she overheard her Maltese master telling
  another that the Head of Security had claimed a slave from the gallows. He
  had mentioned a girl called 'Alexa'! The others had turned in amazement and
  wanted to know everything. &quot;I knew master Stephen was sick,&quot; Nadine
  sighed, &quot;but I didn't know he died - Alexa, I'm so sorry!&quot;  
Guljana finally braved the boiling pool and yelled with joy as the bubbles
  tickled her bare body! She began to sing a little Pashtun folk song but trailed
  off when she realized all the other girls had gone silent. Alexa was running
  towards the door. Guljana watched her friend fling herself down in front of
  a man she had seen on the jet. &quot;Master!&quot; Alexa lowered her head to
  the ground and waited.  
&quot;I heard about your trick with the blanket, little one. Very foolish
  but very courageous - you will not be punished further on this occasion.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you, master!&quot;  
&quot;Now fetch your cell-mate. It is time for her training to begin.&quot;  
Alexa nervously padded to the edge of the pool and whispered &quot;Guljana,
  you've got to come now. My master wants you.&quot; The other girls silently
  watched the Afghani wade across and climb out of the water to kneel in front
  of the man her friend called 'master'. He lifted her head up with a finger
  under her chin. Guljana stared nervously into his searching eyes. He didn't
  say a word but snapped a leash chain on the front ring of her collar and pulled
  her forward. When she rose to follow, he paused and stared at her. Guljana
  was confused. What was she supposed to do? Surely not...  
He watched Guljana's puzzled expression turn to shock as she sank back to
  her knees and put her hands down to the marble floor. She kept her head bowed
  and crawled like an animal on all fours behind him. Alexa was left behind. &quot;G-good
  luck, my sister&quot; she breathed softly, &quot;I-I love you, Guljana!&quot; But
  the door had closed and the frightened new slave had not heard.  
Alexa could not relax during the next few hours. She stood at the huge window
  and stared at the city below. &quot;It is beautiful, is it not?&quot; Nadine
  had come to join her.  
&quot;Oh Nadine, sorry - I was thinking about Guljana. I hope she's OK.&quot;  
&quot;I understand, dear sis. I think she will become a wonderful slave -
  she's very pretty and so young!&quot;  
Alexa smiled and allowed the French girl to coax her back into the pool but
  her heart was heavy with concern. Over the next few hours, Alexa played half-heartedly
  with the others but kept on watching the door in case Guljana returned. Finally,
  a guard appeared and pointed at her. She ran as swiftly as possible and knelt
  for him. &quot;Your master wants you, cunt.&quot; He snapped a chain leash
  on her collar and told her to get up and walk. &quot;No time for crawling,
  little slut - your master said to get you now and you don't want to keep him
  waiting do you?&quot; She shook her head. &quot;Hmm, thought not. Now move
  that cute ass!&quot; As they neared a corner of the corridor, she heard a high-pitched
  wail. Oh no - my poor sis! But when they entered the room things were not as
  dreadful as they seemed. There was Guljana, kneeling on a padded bench with
  her legs strapped down and apart at her knees and ankles. She was being held
  up by a kind of yoke suspended from the ceiling that kept her head and wrists
  secured. The front of the yoke had an adjustable bar that held a black rubber
  dildo just in front of Guljana's mouth. The dusky girl was sucking eagerly
  on the tip. She was glistening with sweat but was not distressed - her eyes
  were glazed over in rapture!  
Alexa's master looked up. &quot;Come closer, little slave - see how well
  your cell-mate's responding.&quot; He was sitting on the edge of the bench,
  casually cutting a slither off a peach and feeding it to Guljana. &quot;Good
  girl - and now another!&quot; Guljana eagerly swallowed the fruity morsel then
  eased her body downwards and took the dildo back in her mouth. Alexa stared
  in amazement as the Afghani pressed her cunt and ass on the points of two silver-tipped
  dildoes between her thighs that seemed to shimmer in the light. &quot;Ultrasonics,
  my dear - your cell-mate responds very well to the higher frequencies and should
  reach her 11th orgasm just about...&quot;  
&quot;UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;...Now!&quot; He smiled then cut another slice off the peach. &quot;Now
  I want you to run along and thoroughly prepare yourself for my pleasure. Take
  another slave to help you look your best. The outfit is waiting in your cell.
  Report here in one hour.&quot; He watched her leave then adjusted the strength
  of the vibrations. &quot;Come along, Guljana - try to cum faster this time!&quot;  
Alexa looked over her shoulder; fascinated and awed by the way her master
  was breaking Guljana - instead of punishing her into submission she was being
  seduced by pleasure! She thought this must be because the girl had already
  experienced such a lifetime of harsh abuse that more of the same wouldn't work.
  The guard told her to choose someone from the pool - she asked Nadine who smiled
  happily and held her hand as they returned to Alexa's cell.  
There was a neat pile of clothes lying on the mattress in her cell. Alexa
  examined the pretty red satin thong panties and red patent stiletto sandals.
  The final garment was beautiful - a red leather one-shouldered minidress. &quot;Ohh
  Alexa - you will look so nice! But first you must have your hair and make-up
  done.&quot; Nadine had picked up a small toilet bag and found cosmetics, perfume,
  a brush and other items. Nadine insisted Alexa should shower again to remove
  the smell of chlorine from her hair.  
While they were in the bathroom area, a disheveled but radiant Guljana appeared.
  She was secured by a long leash chain, held by one of the guards. &quot;Oh
  Alexa - is so good! I not know how much good uhh,&quot; she looked both elated
  and embarrassed, &quot;my uhh pusi make me feels!&quot;  
The three girls laughed together in the showers, sharing joy in Guljana's
  newfound sexuality. The Afghani even managed to flush out her own cunt and
  ass with the pipe although it took her several painful attempts. When they
  were dried, Guljana's guard replaced her chain leash and ordered her back for
  her second lesson. She excitedly embraced Alexa and Nadine then skipped eagerly
  behind the guard. When they reached the training room, Guljana clambered on
  the bench without having to be told. She put her hands up and kept still while
  her neck and wrists were secured in the yoke. With her knees and ankles strapped
  apart, she waited for the wondrous dildoes to be placed between her thighs.
  But this time it was different - something was wrong! The yoke holding her
  head and arms was being pulled until she was stretched painfully upwards. The
  guard was adjusting the dildo in front of her mouth. He pushed it hard against
  her lips. Guljana fought against her rising panic and mutely parted her teeth.
  He pushed the dildo in too far - it was choking her! &quot;Uuuumphhhh!!!! Nnnnnn!!!!!
  Aaaakkkkk!!!&quot;  
Alexa's master had returned, followed by another man in a white coat. The
  man was wheeling a hospital gurney covered in equipment. He started putting
  wires on sticky pads on her chest - one between her breasts, the other under
  her left armpit. &quot;Please check the batteries in the defibrillator before
  you begin - this one is to be a special gift and I would prefer it not to die.&quot; Guljana
  hadn't a clue what Alexa's master was saying but she knew she was in terrible
  danger. They were adjusting the dildoes under her body. But it wasn't just
  the tips that were pressing inside her labia and buttocks. This time they were
  being forced right in! She whimpered and twisted her hands and feet uselessly.
  The dildoes were cold and dry - they hurt! &quot;Well, my little Afghan beauty,
  you have tasted paradise and now you shall have a taste of hell.&quot; He tightened
  a black blindfold over her terrified eyes. There was a strange buzzing noise
  - she felt an unpleasant tingling inside her bottom!  
&quot;UUUUUUUUUKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; She wailed in acute discomfort
  and sheer fright. The tingling was getting stronger, like a million pins stabbing
  inside her tender tissues! Her legs began to shake; her belly was in spasm. &quot;UUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
Alexa's master softly closed the door to the Treatment Room and paused to
  listen to the growing shrieks of agony and horror from within. If she survived,
  this creature would be a delight. But only IF she survived...  
...Alexa stood nervously in the lift next to master Charles. &quot;Remember,
  no behavior that might draw the curiosity of those ignorant of your status.
  You are to be polite, discreet and respectful. You are NOT to be subservient
  or slavish when in public - understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, master.&quot;  
He removed her steel collar. &quot;I must say you look lovely, little slave.
  I am beginning to see why your last master was so fond of you.&quot; He clicked
  a narrow ornate gold collar round her neck - it was so beautiful that Alexa
  gasped.  
&quot;M-master! This is too precious - t-too lovely for this poor slave!&quot;  
&quot;Are you questioning my taste?&quot;  
&quot;Oh n-no master!&quot;  
She put her head down in shame but he gently lifted her face up by one finger
  under her chin. &quot;You should not doubt yourself, little one. You are my
  property now. Do not dare to undermine whatever value is placed upon you.&quot;  
Alexa trembled under his steady gaze and simply nodded her acceptance. When
  the lift stopped, she was stunned to see they were in the lobby of a very high-class
  hotel. And she was not even tethered! She felt the panic rising in her throat
  and clutched desperately at her master's jacket, not even thinking that he
  might be offended. All these people! All that noise!  
&quot;What is the problem? Alexa, answer me!&quot;  
&quot;M-master - I, uhhh this slave hasn't been outside without restraints
  since she, umm...it was taken into slavery!&quot;  
&quot;But you are restrained. You have a collar, don't you?&quot;  
Alexa fingered the slim gold band around her neck. &quot;Y-yes master, but
  there's no leash - a slave could run away!&quot;  
&quot;Go on then, try it. Walk towards the door.&quot; Alexa swallowed nervously
  and began to move out into the busy throng. She turned to look at him for guidance
  but he just stood by the lift and pointed towards the revolving door. Alexa
  felt as if all eyes were on her. As she reached the center of the lobby, her
  throat began to feel constricted. The collar had tightened somehow and was
  squeezing her neck. She was beginning to choke! Before she could stagger, he
  was at her side, gripping her elbow. &quot;You see&quot; he whispered, &quot;If
  you stray too far you will be brought to heel.&quot; He held up a black key
  fob. &quot;I can extend the range temporarily but more than ten yards is sufficient
  to throttle you.&quot; He smiled and guided her towards the door. &quot;So,
  my dear little Alexa, you ARE restrained after all!&quot; The evening air was
  cool. A man in uniform saluted her master and opened the rear passenger door
  of a huge black car. It had darkened glass and was so long! It was strange
  being allowed in before a master but she knew it was required in public. The
  driver was accompanied by a large man who stared at Alexa without comment. &quot;The
  Club please, gentlemen.&quot; Alexa felt very small as she sat back in the
  deep leather seat next to one of the most powerful men in the Organization.
  It made her realize just how insignificant she really was - a pathetic little
  English slave. Yet, the man next to her - her master - had bothered to bring
  her all the way to America. It still hadn't sunk in...  
If the hotel lobby had been high class, there were no words left to describe
  the opulence of the place he had called &quot;The Club&quot;. She sat opposite
  her master in the dining room - not at his feet but actually at the table!
  He surveyed the menu then ordered in French, not bothering to let her choose.
  She waited until he started to eat before picking up her cutlery. She stared
  down, overwhelmed by the simple act of holding a knife and fork - it seemed
  like years ago that she had last touched anything other than a spoon. The meal
  was wonderful but she wasn't used to the wine. It stung her throat - she drank
  it so he wouldn't be annoyed but it made her eyes water. &quot;Well, little
  one, I have read your dossier but would like to hear your version of events.
  First, tell me the real reason why you ran away from home when you were thirteen.&quot;  
Alexa found herself pouring out her heart to her new master. It was something
  she had never fully done with master Stephen. He had cared for her - she knew
  that - and she had loved him dearly. She still did. But master Charles was
  different. He was actually interested in the tiniest insignificant detail of
  her life before slavery. He coaxed out the truth about the succession of 'uncles'
  who had assaulted and sexually abused her; how her alcoholic mum seemed revolted
  by her, showed her no love or affection and even encouraged the lodging men
  to use her daughter as they pleased; the secret miscarriage alone when she
  was twelve, the beatings, the starvation, the kids homes, the loneliness...  
He didn't flinch once while she spoke. Master Stephen always looked so upset
  and uncomfortable whenever she mentioned her childhood that she had learned
  not to talk about it to spare him any distress. But master Charles had kept
  his eyes on her face and silently nodded, occasionally sipping his wine as
  she unburdened herself. &quot;And now, little slave&quot; he looked at her
  and smiled, &quot;here you are in a new country with a new master - if you
  had to choose between freedom and my collar, what would it be?&quot;  
Alexa's hand stroked the deadly ring embracing her throat. &quot;I...oh sorry
  master! Th-this slave...&quot;  
&quot;Speak freely in First Person here - you will not be punished.&quot;  
&quot;I w-would beg f-for your collar, master.&quot;  
&quot;You're not just saying that to please me?&quot;  
She looked down wistfully, shook her head and whispered &quot;No!&quot;  
&quot;Hmm...we shall see.&quot; He did not elaborate. &quot;Now finish your
  wine - I do not wish to be late. Tomorrow is a busy day for us both. There
  is an important event in the morning and I have work to do at the Ranch.&quot;  
&quot;Master, please excuse a slave's curiosity - will this one, umm I be
  living at this Ranch? Will that be its...I mean my home?&quot;  
He was regarding her with a gentle, almost sad expression that unnerved her
  completely. &quot;Perhaps you will, little slave - in good time.&quot; Nothing
  more was said. The journey back to the huge tower block hotel was uneventful.
  Alexa stared out of the limousine's window and watched the people on the sidewalk.
  A young couple was locked in a fervent embrace - she envied the girl so much.
  He took her back to the cellblock and she thought he would just leave her there. &quot;Do
  not strip, slave - I want your company in my apartment. However, I wish to
  look in on your cell-mate.&quot;  
Guljana! She had forgotten her poor sister - was she all right? The cell
  lights were dimmed. There on the mattress lay the Afghani girl. She wasn't
  moving! Alexa crept closer and put her hand through the bars to stroke her
  companion's head. Guljana was heavily fettered with her wrists locked up behind
  her back, her ankles secured together and her collar chained to the wall. There
  was a short spreader bar with leather straps above her knees keeping her thighs
  apart. Her long blonde hair had been tamed by a tight plait on the top of her
  head. &quot;Guljana - sis. It's me, Alexa - are you OK?&quot;  
The dusky girl stirred and slowly blinked her drugged eyes. &quot;Alextha...pretty
  Alextha.&quot; There was a gold ring through the tip of Guljana's tongue. She
  had more rings pierced through her flesh - ears, nose, and nipples...and clit.
  Guljana had two tiny dressings on either side of her abdomen where her ovaries
  had been removed by keyhole surgery. Alexa stared down at her sister's vulva
  - the hood covering Guljana's clitoris was completely gone! And there was a
  circular design branded and tattooed just above the girl's cleft where her
  pubic hair had been. She peered closer. It was incredibly detailed and very
  pretty. There was a picture of an eagle behind a striped shield with golden
  stars above its head. The design had writing round the sides against a blue
  background. It said 'United States Senate'!  
&quot;Ohh master - you have made her so beautiful!&quot; Alexa continued
  to hold her companion's head although Guljana had slipped back into a deep
  trance-like sleep.  
He was crouching next to her, critically examining the brand. &quot;Little
  one, your cell-mate was beautiful already - we have merely enhanced that.&quot; He
  pulled up Guljana's eyelid and noticed her tiny unmoving pupil. &quot;She should
  not have been left alone in this condition - very sloppy, very dangerous!&quot; He
  looked livid. &quot;Somebody will have to look after her. Alexa, that French
  slave you mentioned - the former nurse. What is her name?&quot;  
&quot;Nadine, master. Her master's called Gerard, I think he's staying here
  - ohh! Th-this slave thinks!&quot;  
He ignored her error and strode across to the intercom. &quot;This is master
  Charles. Contact master Gerard and ask him if he would lend me his property
  tonight to care for the new slave in cell-room five-nine. And I wish to see
  the Duty Supervisor in my office first thing tomorrow morning. I will NOT tolerate
  any neglect of Organization property!&quot; Alexa stared at him in awe, overwhelmed
  by the suppressed anger in his voice. Here was a man with a reputation for
  harsh cruelty and ruthlessness but he was furious about a slave's safety. She
  realized she could fall desperately in love with such a master. They waited
  until Nadine was brought by a guard. She took one look at Guljana and rushed
  into her cell to cradle the barely conscious slave. Alexa followed her master
  to his apartment. He told her to strip and lie back on the bed. As he buckled
  each strap on her wrists and ankles, she writhed in excited pleasure - how
  did he know? She tugged against the comforting restraints that held her spread-eagled
  to the mattress. Alexa needed to feel utterly helpless to enjoy lovemaking.
  And it surpassed her wildest dreams - he was a gentle, considerate lover and
  exhausted her with increasingly powerful orgasms. Finally sated, he hovered
  above her, still deep between her shaking thighs. Alexa tilted her head up
  towards her master's face, craving his kiss. His lips came closer, closer...but
  only to touch her forehead. Her yearning heart felt like it would break into
  pieces...  


SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 7  
Crying - somebody was crying. He listened in the dark to the stifled sobs
  coming from below the end of the bed. It was Alexa and she sounded utterly
  distraught. He didn't move but lay there quietly as she covered her mouth with
  her hands to muffle the noise. The chain securing her ankle to the bedpost
  tinkled faintly. She was whispering something. &quot;M-master, oh poor dear
  master Stephen! W-what do I do? H-he saved me b-but I don't th-think he wants
  me! He's s-so different to you, so f-frightening sometimes, so very cruel b-but...&quot; He
  lifted up his head. &quot;...B-but I th-think I-I love him! But h-he d-doesn't
  lo...&quot; Alexa's voice disintegrated into more sobs. He sat up and watched
  her sitting hunched over, her shoulders jerking as each mournful sob burst
  from her throat. He wanted to wrap his arms around the poor creature and comfort
  her. But something stopped him. How could he be sure of her? What on earth
  had possessed him when she was thrashing around as the collar crushed her neck?
  She had bucked like a demon and jerked herself clear of the spike that was
  driving up her cunt. Why had he suddenly lifted her with moments to spare when
  she stopped moving? He had taken her down and resuscitated her - why? If he'd
  not been sloppy and made sure she was fully drugged or fitted her with the
  ankle weights, none of this would be happening. Anyway, what use was a personal
  slave to him - she wasn't even particularly special! He lay back and resigned
  himself to a poor night's sleep. Yes, little Alexa would have to prove herself
  before he would keep her - and he knew exactly how she must do it!  
Nadine was abruptly woken by the point of a boot against her ribs. &quot;Get
  out, Frenchie - I want a little chat with your patient.&quot;  
She stared in fright at the towering shape of a huge guard. &quot;But sir,
  master Charles told me...&quot;  
&quot;Get the fuck OUT!&quot; She scampered in tears out of the room, noticing
  how the little red light on the overhead camera had stopped blinking. The door
  was locked behind her. She sank down against the wall opposite Guljana's cell
  room, uncertain what to do.  
He sneered down at the terrified girl, anxiously squirming away despite her
  heavy restraints. &quot;What a pretty piece of foreign SHIT they've made of
  you. And such a cute brand - 'U.S. Senate', eh? Well, I've always wanted to
  fuck the government and now's my chance!&quot; Guljana stared up in terror. &quot;But
  first, you're gonna tell me where that little English slit-bitch Alexa is.
  Come on, cunt -WHERE IS SHE?&quot; He was looming over her, menacingly. Guljana
  was terribly frightened but there was absolutely no way she was going to put
  Alexa in danger. He was just like that Talib Commander who had abducted her
  in Kandahar - a vicious bully. Memories of how she had gone to the Taliban
  begging for medicine for her grandfather and how he'd laughed drunkenly and
  torn off her burka then the rest of her clothes flooded back. She was suddenly
  overwhelmed by a surge of burning hatred. Despite her helplessness and weakened
  condition, she did the only thing left to a fettered peasant girl - Guljana
  looked him directly in the eyes and spat with great accuracy. &quot;That...was
  a BIG mistake.&quot; He wiped his face and reached down to grip the center
  of Guljana's thigh spreader, dragging her towards him. &quot;So you won't tell
  me, eh?&quot; He began to lift the bar, pulling her cuffed feet off the ground.
  Guljana whimpered as she was slowly raised up until only her shoulders touched
  the cell floor. &quot;Neat job on your clit, stinking Arab slut. Personally,
  I'd have slit it off completely, together with your inner lips and made you
  eat them raw. Funny how some bitches suddenly turn vegetarian before the end!&quot; He
  was so strong that he easily lifted the struggling girl with one hand until
  she swung clear of the ground. Guljana wailed and coughed as she hung upside
  down. Her collar was being pulled against her windpipe as the tether chain
  was stretched taut. &quot;Oh, you poor cunt - are you choking? Does it hurt?&quot; He
  laughed softly and pinched Guljana's ringed clit between his finger and thumbnails.  
&quot;GGGGUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;Like that, pain-slut?&quot; He began to twist his hand, smiling at
  her anguished howl of complaint. &quot;Your sweet little English sister-cunt's
  gonna get loads of this. Oh yes, that bitch's gonna suffer good before I finish
  off where her stupid fuckin' master left things. And to think I once looked
  up to him - he's gone fuckin' soft!&quot; He casually dropped the shrieking
  girl on the mattress and knelt down. &quot;Now let's try again - WHERE IS SHE?&quot; He
  began to simultaneously twist both of Guljana's newly ringed nipples.  
&quot;AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! N-not knows! UUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!
  N-not knows wh-where is! Goes with master. YYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;Fuckin' shit! Well, I'll just have to wait for my chance then. Hmmm...&quot; he
  stared hungrily down at the distressed creature then smiled. &quot;Got to keep
  the noise down, girl. Just open that sweet trap for the gag.&quot; The hard
  ball hurt Guljana's jaws and he tightened the straps so much the sides of her
  mouth began to bleed. &quot;Time to turn ya over, fuck-meat!&quot; He rotated
  the thigh bar until she had to roll on her belly then forced her to crouch
  with her ass in the air. &quot;Convenient hairstyle you've got, little cunt.&quot; Guljana
  squealed in pain. He had looped her long plait under her wrist cuffs and was
  pulling it to force her arms up and her head back. He knelt between her fettered
  knees. He began to thrust forward hard...  
&quot;UUUUUUUUURGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes, my fuckin' beauty - all the way in deep! Uhhhh - so taut, so
  fuckin' fresh and sweet...&quot; Guljana whimpered and tried anything to blot
  out the extreme pain as she was violated. He raped her - she knew she could
  be used for sex any time but this was different - he was raping her as savagely
  and unpleasantly as possible. This guard was a monster, a sadistic predator
  and he was going after Alexa next! The grip on her hair tightened as he suddenly
  shot his cum deep in her wounded cunt. She began to black out from the severe
  pain...  
Nadine flinched as the door swung open. &quot;Get back in there and do your
  duty, Frenchie.&quot; His hand gripped her neck as she tried to move past him
  in the doorway. &quot;And no fuckin' tales about this unless you also want
  a little session with me!&quot; Guljana lay in a crumpled heap on her mattress.
  There was blood and semen leaking out of her ravaged cunt. She was shaking
  violently! As Nadine soothed the shocked girl in her arms, she realized the
  camera light had just started blinking again. This was all wrong! Surely her
  poor sister was supposed to recover from the operations before being used like
  this? And wasn't she being saved for her new collar? Nadine knew she HAD to
  do something. She would tell her master - no, she'd tell Alexa's master....  
Alexa served her master coffee and knelt at his feet as he picked at the
  continental breakfast. He had given her a sip of juice and the corner of a
  croissant that she had eaten carefully from his fingers. &quot;A busy day,
  little slave. I will be seeing that dolt who allowed Guljana to be left alone.
  Then a very important guest is coming to join us.&quot; He looked down at her. &quot;Somebody
  you've already met - he's taken quite a liking to you!&quot; Master Charles
  didn't explain more but gave her a set of instructions. &quot;Fetch Guljana
  and get her fixed up. I want her looking her absolute best. Today is her Collaring
  and it has to be perfect, don't you agree?&quot; She nodded, struck by the
  importance of the occasion. &quot;A new slave should have a sister to guide
  and support her through the ceremony - you!&quot;  
&quot;Ohhh, master! This slave is very honored!&quot;  
He was smiling down at her. &quot;And I want her to wear something raunchy
  - ask Stores for a pair of denim cut-offs.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, master - your slave will do its very best!&quot;  
Hmmm - 'your slave'...yes, she really might become my slave. He pondered
  on the words then continued, &quot;I'm confident you will, little one. And
  after the ceremony, you and I have to leave immediately. I need to reach the
  Ranch before nightfall.&quot;  
Oooh, he's taking me to this 'Ranch' - that means he's keeping me! Alexa
  nearly gasped with relief but managed to stay silent and lowered her head to
  hide her radiant smile. She knelt and kissed his foot. He mussed her hair with
  gentle fingers.  
When Alexa was returned to the cell, Nadine immediately knelt before the
  guard. &quot;Please forgive this slave for her rudeness but she must speak
  to master Charles immediately!&quot;  
The guard looked down with indifference. &quot;Master Charles is too busy
  to listen to slave chatter just now. Maybe he will see you later. So get going!&quot;  
&quot;But Sir!&quot; He stared down at the French girl until she glanced
  away. &quot;Y-yes Sir - sorry.&quot;  
Alexa watched Nadine's unhappy departure then turned to look at Guljana and
  gasped. &quot;Guljana! What's wrong? What's happened?&quot; The Afghani girl
  looked dreadfully upset.  
&quot;Just pre-collar nerves,&quot; the guard sighed. &quot;I think you have
  your work cut out, don't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir, a slave will start right away.&quot; Alexa knew it was more
  than the initial shock of waking to her brand and piercings. Something very
  bad had happened here! The duty guard removed Guljana's fetters and collar.
  The dusky girl huddled in the corner of the cell and continued to shake. &quot;Hey,
  sis - you'll be OK, it'll be OK...&quot;  
&quot;N-no! Not me! I ams OK, Alexa - is you!&quot; Alexa tried to understand
  what she meant. Although the girl's tongue was no longer swollen from the new
  ring, she had been left with a permanent lisp. Why did Guljana look so worried? &quot;Bad
  mans come - the bad mans from the jet!&quot; Alexa felt a sudden chill up her
  spine. &quot;Bad mans want YOU - he get kill you! You ams not safe here - tell
  you master this! TELL!&quot;  
Alexa felt physically sick. &quot;I...I w-will, Guljana - I promise.&quot; She
  forced herself to smile as best she could. After all, this was supposed to
  be Guljana's special day! &quot;Hey - let's get you to the showers. Sis, there's
  lots I've got to tell you&quot; She held Guljana's hand and felt so bad as
  the Afghani limped with teeth gritted in obvious discomfort. &quot;Your brand
  and rings - they hurt?&quot; Guljana shook her head, her face drawn with pain. &quot;Uhh,
  your operations - the spaying?&quot; The Afghani wouldn't understand her. &quot;I
  mean the cuts on your belly?&quot; Again, Guljana shook her head.  
&quot;Bad mans he...f-fuck? Err, f-fucks me HARD! I ams very bad sore in
  my pusi!&quot;  
Alexa didn't know what to say - surely her master wouldn't have permitted
  her sister to be used so brutally straight after her operations? Wasn't she
  being kept as a gift? This was awful! She helped Guljana hobble towards the
  showers and thought hard. Should she tell her master? He might think she was
  interfering and get angry with her. He was known by the girls for his ruthlessness
  - maybe this was all part of Guljana's breaking. Perhaps everything would be
  all right...  
&quot;Well Charles, what's the big event that causes me to leave my Senate
  duties?&quot; He was amused and intrigued by Charles' secrecy. &quot;An urgent
  summons from the Organization means I've canceled golf with the President of
  the United States of America!&quot;  
&quot;Well, there are some things more important than golf, surely?&quot;  
&quot;Very few Charles - very few indeed!&quot;  
&quot;How about a fresh, new slave in desperate need of an experienced master?&quot;  
The Senator turned and smiled. &quot;You don't mean that delightful Afghani
  creature?&quot;  
Alexa's master nodded. &quot;She has yet to submit to the collar - if she
  does so, she is yours with the Organization's compliments. Take her as a small
  token for your tireless efforts to promote Third World Aid.&quot; Both men
  laughed at the irony - ever since the end of the Second World War, the Organization
  had used Aid as a cover for its clandestine operations. Each major disaster
  and conflict presented opportunities for the harvesting of fresh girls. As
  the Vice President of the Organization had recently put it, 'every global cloud
  is our silver lining'!  
&quot;Well, it gets pretty boring letting the President win a game every
  time.&quot;  
&quot;I can imagine it does. Care for a drink before the ceremony?&quot;  
Guljana was feeling much better by the time her shower had finished. Alexa
  had been very gentle with the hoses, as her dusky sister could not manage to
  penetrate herself without crying. And now Guljana stood transfixed before the
  mirrored wall while her friend carefully brushed her waist-length blonde hair. &quot;Alexa,
  I ams not scared and do not knows why.&quot;  
&quot;Sis - the food has stuff in it - helps us stay calm and has other things
  for our bodies to keep us...sexier - you understand?&quot;  
Guljana touched her ringed nipples. &quot;This rings - they do this when
  I ams sleeping after I was bad hurt with the 'lectrictee' in my pusi and err
  'az'?&quot; Alexa nodded and kept on brushing. &quot;I-I much likes the rings
  and this burn.&quot; The Afghani girl pointed to the circular design that had
  replaced her pubic hair. &quot;What the writings say? I not can reads it.&quot;  
&quot;It says 'United States Senate', sis.&quot;  
&quot;Then I ams now American?&quot;  
&quot;N-no, sis - it means you're American Government Property. I think you
  belong to the US Senate now.&quot;  
Guljana stood, absorbing this information. She pointed to the tiny marks
  on either side of her abdomen. &quot;Why they cut me here and here?&quot;  
Alexa looked down. &quot;Guljana, you've been sterilized.&quot;  
&quot;What is 'sterlizes', sis?&quot;  
&quot;Umm, n-no more monthlies, no more periods - no bleeding down below...no
  babies.&quot;  
&quot;...N-not b-babies? N-not EVERS?&quot; Guljana watched her friend nod
  grimly in the mirror. Tears welled from her dark eyes and she sank to the bathroom
  floor in distress. Alexa knelt and cradled her while she sobbed bitterly for
  her lost motherhood.  
*****  
&quot;You found her like this?&quot; Master Charles crouched down by the
  curled-up body of the French slave. It looked like another premature death
  due to sudden heart failure - hormone enhancement was the usual cause. But
  something was different about this one. &quot;Why would she crawl away and
  hide first? Isn't this store cupboard normally locked?&quot;  
The guard shrugged his shoulders. &quot;Guess she felt unwell then got in
  here to rest. Must've gone into arrest. Funny thing though...&quot;  
&quot;Yes?&quot; Master Charles lifted up the brunette's hair from behind
  her ear.  
&quot;She was begging to see you - said it was urgent. I sent her off and
  told her she'd have to wait.&quot;  
Master Charles replaced the lock of hair without drawing attention to the
  spot of blood just behind her earlobe. &quot;Tell no-one about this, not even
  her master - I will speak to him myself. I don't want this getting out and
  spoiling the Ceremony. Keep this room locked - I want an autopsy organized.&quot; This
  was the last thing he needed - another sudden death, just like in London before
  the flight. There was definitely something suspicious going on. The French
  slave Nadine had a puncture wound over a blood vessel - had she been injected?  
*****  
&quot;Is too much tight! I not cans the top shut!&quot; Alexa tried not to
  grin at the sight of Guljana wrestling with a tiny pair of denim shorts. &quot;Alexa
  - I not cans wear this - it is so small and....UUUUUUHHH...is rubbing m-my
  pusi insides!&quot;  
&quot;Look, sis - my master said you had to wear them and I think you look
  really sexy. Let's just go over the steps again. You kneel, there's two cushions
  - one with the black rope, one with the collar - you take the collar and kneel
  in front of the Senator...&quot;  
Guljana sighed. &quot;Yes, yes - I KNOWS this bit. I hands the collar, he
  put it my neck, I his slave ever...but is this cutoffs shorts - it is SORE
  in my pusi!&quot; She pouted, caught sight of Alexa's broad grin then burst
  into giggles. &quot;Alexa, I not knows why but I ams so happy! I ams prisoner
  in USA and I ams maked slave for sex like houri but I-I nots feel bad, I feels
  GOOD!&quot; They embraced and stayed like that until it was time...  
The sight of Alexa's master, looking so severe as he sat on the left side
  of the room nearly made Guljana run for cover. Opposite him sat the Senator,
  looking serious but with a twinkle in his eyes. Alexa was kneeling behind her
  to the left. On the floor in front of the Afghani were two red velvet cushions.
  The left one nearer Alexa's master supported a coil of black silken rope, offering
  immediate death by strangulation. The right cushion carried a beautiful gold
  collar, representing a life of slavery. Master Charles pointed at the cushions
  and uttered a single command - &quot;Choose!&quot; Guljana paused, turned back
  to smile gently at Alexa, and then reached out for...the rope!  
The silence was broken by Alexa's disbelieving sob. Master Charles stared
  down in disappointment. The Senator looked utterly dismayed. Guljana slowly
  picked up the collar and carefully wound the black rope round the golden band,
  then offered both to the astonished Senator. &quot;Goodness, Charles - you
  had me worried there but you have given me an absolute jewel among slaves!&quot;  
Alexa's master smiled broadly then turned to his slave. &quot;Little one,
  did you put her up to this?&quot; Alexa shook her head, still too stunned to
  speak while the Senator cheerfully locked the collar and rope round Guljana's
  offered neck.  
&quot;Slave, remove your shorts!&quot; The Senator leaned closer as the denim
  cut-offs slid down Guljana's dusky thighs. &quot;The Senate Seal - how marvelous!&quot; He
  was visibly delighted. &quot;You don't caddy too by any chance?&quot;  
Guljana looked at him shyly. &quot;Master Senator - I not knows this 'Khadi'
  but if you teaches me I will do for you.&quot; Both men roared with laughter.  
Alexa smiled happily and watched Guljana being pulled along by the Senator
  to her new role as his personal slave. &quot;Bye sis,&quot; she whispered then
  rushed to kneel at her master's feet when he clicked his fingers. He took her
  back to the cell and watched while she dressed in the clothes that had been
  left for her. It was strange wearing things like normal underwear, jeans and
  a thick shirt. Alexa finished fastening the sneakers and pulled on the warm
  fleecy jacket. They descended the lift in silence. She trembled slightly as
  he ushered her, uncollared, across the hotel lobby to the waiting limo. Alexa
  couldn't relax. She wanted to ask so many questions but didn't dare. The streets
  of New York looked so busy, so frightening. When he ordered the limo to stop
  at a busy sidewalk, her heart was pounding.  
&quot;Alexa, I expect complete devotion and absolute obedience from a slave.&quot; He
  placed a thick envelope into the top pocket of her jacket. &quot;You will live
  as a free person for four weeks - if you run away I will not pursue you. However,
  if you return to me I will seal your collar permanently round your throat.
  Now stop crying and get out!&quot; She stammered, and woodenly obeyed him.
  He wound down the window and stared at the trembling girl. &quot;Little one,
  you have sufficient funds to hide away in a cheap hotel if you can't face the
  world. But I have a feeling there's more to you than that! Now remember; report
  back to the lobby in exactly four weeks at noon. If you miss the deadline,
  I will never take you back.&quot; He handed her a card. &quot;Only phone this
  number in an absolute emergency. Now, run along and live independently for
  28 days. My colleagues doubt you will make it - prove them wrong!&quot; With
  that remark, the limo sped off into the traffic. Alexa stared, open mouthed
  at the receding taillights, tears trickling down her shocked face.  
It began to rain&hellip;  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 8  
It was the same thing every time the occasional customer left Lucia's Kitchen.
  Armando watched the girl nearly coming down the steps again, then changing
  her mind and going back up to the sidewalk. At first, he was suspicious - who
  wouldn't be. She might be some screwed up junkie or a crazy - or just plain
  crooked like most of this neighborhood. Only there was something about her
  that reminded Armando of an emaciated urchin from the gutters of Rome so long
  ago. That urchin had gone on to be his wife of nearly forty-eight years - until
  she was cruelly stolen bit-by-bit by the cancer that finally killed her. Hey,
  Lucia - ya watching over this kid? If there was a heaven and Lucia wasn't there
  then it wasn't worth going to. Armando sighed, pulled open the door and called
  over. &quot;Hey lady - ya gonna stay out there all night or what? No, don't
  be scared.&quot; Poor kid looked frozen and lost. &quot;I gotta close up soon
  so if ya want inside...&quot; The shivering girl hesitated, then slowly descended
  the steps and carefully avoided his gaze. She followed him to the counter and
  just stood there looking at the floor. &quot;So...what's it gonna be?&quot;  
She was barely audible and kept a wary distance. &quot;P-please Sir, can
  I-I have something to eat?&quot;  
&quot;Lady, this ain't no welfare kitchen. How ya gonna pay?&quot; Armando
  Forte's eyes nearly popped out when she pulled a roll of notes out of her jacket
  pocket and laid at least ten $100 bills on his counter. &quot;Jesu-Maria! Put
  that wad away - ya tryin' to get mugged?&quot;  
&quot;I-I'm very sorry Sir.&quot; The girl looked near to tears.  
&quot;Okay - s'okay lady.&quot; He sighed - there was no way he could change
  a hundred-dollar bill. So Lucia, ya testing me by sending down one of your
  sister-angels? &quot;Look, ya can have something on the house.&quot; He smiled
  and shrugged. &quot;Ya pay me next time. Now, what ya want eat?&quot;  
&quot;Th-thank you sir. I-I don't know...&quot;  
&quot;Hey, less of the 'Sir' - nobody calls Armando Forte 'Signore' lady.
  And whadya mean ya don't know? Jeez lady, hows about a good, warming Minestrone?
  Now ya know my name - ya gonna tell me yours?&quot;  
&quot;Alexa...&quot; She managed a weak smile at the old man who was showing
  her such kindness. Somehow, she didn't feel so terribly alone.  
&quot;That it? Just 'Alexa'?&quot;  
&quot;I-I'm m-master's...&quot;  
&quot;So, 'Alexa Masters' - a pretty name for a pretty lady.&quot; He put
  a steaming bowl under her nose; &quot;Ya eat this now. My Lucia's own recipe
  - she was famous for her soup.&quot;  
He busied himself clearing dishes while the young woman sat huddled over
  the dish. She seemed to be weeping while she ate. Armando moved closer and
  watched silently as this 'Alexa Masters' cried her eyes out. His heart ached
  when her tears fell into the soup but she continued to spoon it hungrily into
  her mouth. Hey Lucia, why ya sending me this lost soul? Can't an old man live
  out his remaining time without being bothered by a waif from the night? He
  smiled and murmured, &quot;Is not bad soup, eh? Ya want more?&quot;  
&quot;Uh, its lovely! Ohh, s-sorry for umm crying like this...y-yes please
  sir - s-sorry, I mean Armando...&quot; She couldn't stop weeping. It was too
  much; his kindness was too hard to bear!  
The owner of Lucia's Kitchen sat and listened to the aching sobs while the
  girl struggled to regain her composure. She was small, slim and pleasantly
  attractive though not stunning. Her thick hair was light brown and reached
  right down her back. She didn't have any possessions - not even a bag. He couldn't
  place her accent - and her voice was weak and croaky. It was as if she had
  suddenly appeared from nowhere in the middle of New York. Armando Forte could
  not have known how near he was to the truth...  
*****  
The autopsy made grim reading. The French slave called Nadine had died from
  massive heart failure, apparently consistent with the high levels of hormonal
  supplements given to a slave. However, a tiny trace of digitalis had been found
  on hair fibers behind her ear. Master Charles put down the report. She had
  been executed by injection but who on earth had killed an owned slave without
  her master's consent? There were too many sudden deaths happening in the Organization.
  That last slave in London - too late for an autopsy, as she would have been
  cremated by now. There was a pattern but he couldn't figure it out. He had
  a sudden, sickening thought. Could there be a killer on loose - a rogue master
  or, even worse, one of the staff? Maybe it was just as well that Alexa was
  out of the way. He wondered how she was coping on her own - would she come
  back or 'slip her collar' forever. Perhaps he was a fool to test her. Then
  again, he had been behaving totally out of character ever since he had seen
  her fighting for her life. Damn the girl - I can't think straight! He closed
  the report and stood up. Anyway, there was a new girl to break - a young cheerleader
  who had been earmarked since being spotted in high school. She had been harvested
  a few hours earlier and should be coming round from the anesthetic just about
  now...  
&quot;Hey, hey - you eat too much too quick! Slow down will ya - that's your
  THIRD bowl!&quot; She must have been starving. Armando noticed with relief
  that her tears had stopped. She was wolfing down the minestrone and she was
  smiling. Such a beautiful smile! &quot;So, Alexa - I call ya 'Lexie' - okay?
  Ya can call me 'Uncle Armando' - everyone calls me that.&quot; She nodded and
  looked trustingly up into his face. Such deep blue eyes - like you could see
  right down into her heart.  
&quot;Umm, uncle Armando...please - I must pay you for this wonderful soup.
  Is this money no good?&quot;  
It was Armando's turn to look away. &quot;Look Lexie, ya gotta understand
  I got no change for a hundred. I...don't get much customers in here lately
  and - well, I don't do so well these days.&quot; He looked round the run-down
  cafe with its faded tablecloths, peeling paint and dusty window ledges. Lucia
  would have screamed at him for letting it go like this.  
He felt a gentle touch on his hand. &quot;I-I can clean. I used to work in
  a cafe - please can I repay you by working?&quot;  
&quot;Lexie, ya sure? Ya gonna do this for Uncle Armando?&quot;  
She stood and looked up into his eyes, beaming. &quot;I would be very honored.&quot;  
He shrugged, followed her into the kitchen and watched her stacking grimy
  dishes and cutlery. She was smiling as she worked. Armando's eyes felt wet
  - the last woman who had stood at that sink was his beloved Lucia. He busied
  himself at the counter so Alexa would not see his face...  
*****  
&quot;She hasn't cried out yet? Is she still drugged?&quot; Master Charles
  watched the monitor. It showed the curled up form of a young girl lying on
  the bare floor of a cell. She was still dressed in tight jeans, pale pink T-shirt
  and white sneakers. Her mouth had been ball-gagged, she was ankle-cuffed, and
  her wrists were cuffed together behind her back.  
&quot;I reckon she's awake - just lying quiet.&quot; The guard grinned. &quot;Know
  what I think? This bitch's turned on by all of this - see her rapid breathing?
  And she keeps rubbing her thighs together too.&quot; He turned to look at the
  Head of Security. &quot;How are you going to break this one - hard and fast,
  or slower and more subtle?&quot; The guard was intensely aware of master Charles'
  skills - he was reputed to have induced a new girl to collar herself by persuasion
  alone!  
Master Charles pondered the various options. Some girls were best shocked
  into total submission by rapid, brutal violation followed by a harsh regime
  of control. Others were more responsive to a gradual destruction of their willpower
  and spirit - they would crawl willingly to the collar. The guard had rightly
  sensed this girl might be a natural submissive, as she was obviously excited
  despite being terrified by her captivity. She would require careful handling
  to transform her from a self-assured, ill-mannered typical North American female
  into a pliant, obedient pleasure-slave. &quot;Has the customer any special
  requirements?&quot;  
&quot;Err...single ring through clit hood, pubic shave, no branding, no tattoo...oh
  yeah, she wants the whole thing taped.&quot;  
&quot;She?&quot;  
The guard shrugged and smirked. &quot;Its Lady Lin-wu. You know these Orientals,
  sir - it's going to be a 50th birthday gift for her husband. She wants to play
  with an all-American girl while her hubby gets to watch. Only thing is, she's
  very destructive with her toys!&quot;  
Master Charles nodded. He was fully aware of how ruthless the Chinese ambassador's
  wife could be - and of how valuable her continuing support was during these
  sensitive trade negotiations. Yes, Stacey would be serving her country and
  the global economy by her selfless sacrifice. &quot;Well then Leroy, shall
  we?&quot; The guard smiled and held open the door for master Charles. &quot;Ohhh,
  and Leroy?&quot;  
&quot;Sir?&quot;  
&quot;You can take over the breaking once she is ready. We shall employ the
  'gentle then severe' method tonight. She may be ready to submit freely but
  she will be a better slave if you break her as harshly as possible!&quot; He
  found it very difficult not to say any more. Master Charles had personally
  nominated Leroy for elevation to master and the Board had unanimously ratified
  his proposal. Leroy would be given the title at a surprise ceremony next day.
  He looked at the young black guard and grinned as he recalled his own promotion
  to master - it had been the proudest moment of his life. And Leroy was a natural
  - he worked with a girl's mind as well as her body. Such a pity that Miller
  would never make the grade. Miller was far too extreme in his approach and
  showed no subtlety where slaves were concerned. The fool was too violent and
  had never grasped that true slavery required seduction as well as forceful
  submission.  
When they entered the cell together, master Charles knelt by the trembling
  girl's head. She didn't make a sound but stared at him with wide eyes. &quot;Well
  now, Jennifer...&quot;  
&quot;Err...that's the next girl Sir - this one's called Stacey.&quot;  
&quot;Of course - pardon me, Stacey!&quot; He shrugged apologetically, knowing
  how deeply this little 'mistake' always affected a new arrival. She would realize
  there were more captive girls and that she was just another female as far as
  they were concerned. He ran a finger lightly down the quivering girl's cheek. &quot;So
  then, Stacey - which is it to be? Will you work with me or shall I pass you
  to Leroy here? Oh, Leroy's very good with new girls my dear. He has a way of
  persuading the most unwilling female to comply...&quot; master Charles observed
  Stacey's eyes darting past him to stare up at the muscular form of Leroy. A
  visible shudder passed through her body. &quot;I will take that response as
  a 'yes'.&quot; He gently lifted Stacey's T-shirt until it rode up over her
  chest. She barely moved as the clasp at the back of her bra was loosened. But
  he didn't touch her breasts. He undid the button at the top of her jeans and
  drew down her zip.  
Stacey gave out a tiny mewing noise when he tugged her jeans down over her
  hips. She felt his fingers hooking under the thin elastic on the front of her
  panties. They soon joined her jeans - halfway down her trembling thighs. He
  didn't touch her down below either! &quot;Stacey, I think you need the bathroom.&quot; He
  paused and looked into her eyes. &quot;Am I going to get an answer? Do you?&quot;  
Stacey closed her eyes in shame and whispered &quot;Ess&quot; past the ball
  in her mouth.  
&quot;As I thought. Leroy, would you help our guest to freshen up?&quot; Master
  Charles smiled at the blonde while she was scooped up and carried in the guard's
  arms over to a drain in the corner of the cell. Leroy steadied her while she
  squatted in misery and peed into the grate. She reddened in acute embarrassment
  during the humiliating act of relieving herself under their gaze. Leroy lifted
  her back to sit on the hard floor. Stacey began to make a high, keening noise
  and started to shake violently. Master Charles placed one finger on her ball-gag. &quot;Now,
  now - shhhhhh...&quot; Stacey stared up into the stranger's eyes and became
  silent. &quot;That's a good girl. Now you are going to be undressed. Again,
  there is my way in which you co-operate or Leroy's way with the knife. Is Stacey
  going to be a good girl again?&quot;  
&quot;E-ess!&quot;  
Master Charles patted the shaking girl lightly on her head then began to
  loosen the laces on her sneakers. When he had removed them and her short socks,
  he removed the bracelets from her ankles. She did not struggle or try to prevent
  her jeans and panties being drawn off her legs. But she did whimper when the
  slim bracelets were replaced by heavy steel cuffs, which were secured together
  by a padlock. Master Charles took careful note of the way Stacey's labia had
  puckered and glistened when her thighs were opened. The girl was very responsive
  despite her fear. An image of Alexa serving him in the cell before her execution
  flashed across his mind. Damn it - concentrate, man!  
He allowed Stacey to rub her freed wrists once the remainder of her clothes
  was taken away. She held her arms still without being told while matching heavy
  cuffs were cinched around her wrists. They were locked together in front and
  she held her hands over the wispy ginger curls of her pubis. &quot;Stacey,
  time for you to lie down please. On your side with your hands up above your
  head.&quot; The sobs that had almost subsided returned but she did exactly
  as he had told her - very promising! Leroy secured a length of chain to a floor
  ring above Stacey's head while master Charles fitted the other end to the padlock
  between her wrist cuffs. &quot;Now little Stacey, would you open your thighs
  for me?&quot; Despite her earlier obedience, the girl was showing signs of
  panic and was keeping her legs tightly closed. Time for an inducement. &quot;Hmm,
  our young guest is having second thoughts about being a good girl. Leroy, will
  you help her open those lovely soft thighs?&quot; Quick as a flash, Stacey
  had her legs open but it was too late - Leroy's strong hands held her in a
  vice-like grip just below her knees. She mewed piteously as straps went around
  each thigh, separated by a short pole. There was no way of stopping these men
  now! Leroy moved down to fix another chain to the floor ring several yards
  away from her feet. This time the other end was simply looped round the padlock
  between her ankle cuffs. Leroy started to pull the slack until Stacey's legs
  were being tugged straight. She began to cry earnestly as the chain grew taut
  until she lay stretched painfully on the cell floor. The harsh click of a padlock
  told her there would be no relief for the foreseeable future.  
Master Charles crouched down in front of Stacey's anguished face and laid
  out several items so she could see everything. Her eyes darted wildly as each
  new implement was placed before her - a pointed dildo with a narrowed base,
  a huge dildo in the shape of a penis with what looked like a long rod sticking
  out of the end, three small clamps and - she mewed in dawning horror at the
  last item - a black leather whip with nearly a dozen long strands! &quot;My
  poor girl - did you really think you would get off lightly by being so compliant?
  It would have been better if you had resisted! And now Leroy will have to work
  you even harder than normal just to ensure you are truly submitting...&quot; The
  girl was groaning with despair. She moaned even louder when Leroy came across
  with a tiny camcorder to record what was happening in detail. &quot;Just a
  souvenir for the client, my dear - to add to your profile. You see we have
  been monitoring your progress for several years since that cheerleading talent
  contest in Junior High.&quot; She was visibly shaken by his words. &quot;You
  didn't make the grade then but you were a star as far as our scouts were concerned.&quot; He
  had taken the anal dildo and was rolling its shaft against her moist cunt lips,
  coating it with her natural lubricant. Leroy moved behind her and focused in
  while master Charles pulled her left buttock up to expose her tight anus.  
&quot;UUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NNNNNNNN!!!!!!!&quot; Stacey squealed
  too late - the shaft was rammed home until her sphincter muscles clamped on
  the narrow tapered base, locking the dildo firmly up her ass. They swapped
  places so Leroy could get a close-up of her pouting cunt. &quot;AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
  STPPPPP!!!! PLSSSS STPPP!!!&quot; Master Charles rotated the giant dildo as
  it worked past her inner petals to violate her fresh, unused pussy. She wailed
  dreadfully as the thick studded shaft forced her vagina opening to dilate wider.
  The long bar from the base connected with the center of the thigh spreader
  to make a T-shape. He had to ram the dildo another half-inch inside her writhing
  body before tightening the clamp. Every movement of her knees and thighs brought
  waves of erotic agony inside her once-virginal crotch.  
The bright red seeping from Stacey's wounded cunt brought a smile to master
  Charles' face. &quot;Ahh - I see you have kept your pledge! What a good girl!
  I'm sure your parents would be proud if they weren't grieving over the tragic
  loss of their daughter in that awful fire on the freeway.&quot; She howled
  in anguish as the dreadful circumstances of her disappearance dawned - nobody
  was looking for her! Nobody was missing her! &quot;A very worthwhile enterprise
  don't you think Leroy?&quot; The guard grinned. &quot;The Organization has
  made some very substantial donations to the Virginity Pledge Movement. It all
  helps keep the produce fresh for picking!&quot; He gently stroked her nipple,
  making it harden. She stared in terror as the first clamp was picked up and
  its edges introduced to her sensitive bud. The screw was being tightened! Stacey
  let out an agonized shriek. &quot;Only two more to go, little slave.&quot;  
Slave? SLAVE! Stacey cringed at her first hearing of the word that would
  describe her from now on. The pain in her pussy and ass was horrible and strangely
  sexy. Her poor tit hurt badly and now the second vice-like clamp was chewing
  down on her other bud. Her reddened eyes watched his fingers pick up the final
  clamp. NOOOOOOO!!!!!! NOT MY CLIT!!!! AIIIIIIIEEEEE!!!!! Her wails were like
  music to the two men. Despite being stretched out, Stacey somehow managed to
  arch her back a little. It didn't help the pain. He was brushing the hair from
  her face. He was stroking her behind her jaw! &quot;Now that's better, isn't
  it? Come along, little slave Stacey - we both know you've dreamed of this.&quot; He
  placed a heavy steel collar on the ground just inches from her face. &quot;Leroy,
  please collar her when you think she has earned it - oh and please make very
  certain she has truly submitted. Perhaps Stacey needs to experience Electro-Acupuncture
  before she can prove her total obedience!&quot; He patted her head and left
  Stacey in the cell with the man called Leroy.  
&quot;OK sweet bitch, let's soften you up with the cat here o make you concentrate
  better!&quot; She closed her eyes as he towered above her and aimed the first
  blow on her taut buttocks...  
*****  
&quot;Hey Lexie - you done good! Gonna close up now...Lexie? Where are ya?&quot; Armando
  paused at the door to the tiny kitchen and gazed at the neat piles of washed
  dishes and pans. The girl had vanished - no, she was under the table! He bent
  down at the curled-up form of the sleeping stranger. She looked exhausted.
  He moved closer, puzzled - wha? Lexie had taken the brown leather belt off
  her jeans and fastened it round her neck. The other end was knotted round the
  table leg. She was clutching the belt with both hands. &quot;Lexie?&quot; No
  answer. Poor, strange mixed-up kid. Lucia, ya got some explaining to do when
  I get up there! He sat down on his late wife's favorite kitchen chair and stared
  in wonder at this mysterious girl from nowhere...  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 9  
&quot;Your slave appears to be bleeding.&quot; Master Charles had followed
  the trail of red footprints on the path towards the stables until he caught
  up with the couple. The man was Crown Prince Hassan - a spoilt playboy from
  a tiny oil and mineral-rich state, heir to a corrupt dynasty and viciously
  cruel. The slave was a cowed, limping young white girl - tightly harnessed,
  covered in red whip marks, and struggling under the weight of a saddle.  
Hassan turned, flashed a look of contempt at master Charles then struck the
  girl across the back of her thighs with a crop. &quot;Why you filthy bitch!
  If you have marked the leather it shall be replaced by your own miserable hide!&quot; The
  poor girl was so distressed, she did not respond. Her eyes darted in panic,
  watching his hands and the crop. The gag was too tight in her mouth and the
  crotch strap of her harness was digging severely between her labia.  
&quot;I think it is her foot - the left one.&quot;  
&quot;What of it? What business is the white scum-bitch's welfare to you?&quot; The
  Crown Prince sneered disdainfully at the interfering stranger.  
&quot;If the slave had been your personal property, then no business at all.
  However, I can see from her ear-tag she is a House Slave - which very much
  makes her treatment my business.&quot;  
&quot;And who the devil are you? Don't you know who I am - how DARE you speak
  to me like that!&quot;  
Master Charles sighed. The man was an unstable tyrant. &quot;I am Head of
  Security for the Organization, your highness. I am in charge here.&quot; He
  looked at the shaking girl. How long had she been harnessed? The base of her
  vaginal dildo was barely visible between her swollen labia. &quot;Come here,
  slave.&quot;  
&quot;Stay as you are, white-scum! I haven't finished punishing you yet!&quot;  
The girl hovered between them, unable to decide which of them to obey - terrified
  of angering the Crown Prince but even more frightened by the calm manner of
  master Charles. She knew of his reputation for severe discipline but had managed
  to avoid his attention until now. She started to keen and stared miserably
  at the ground.  
&quot;Slave, put down that saddle and come to me...Elona, isn't it?&quot; Master
  Charles patted his thigh, indicating she should kneel before him. She looked
  imploringly at him but was rooted to the spot, too afraid to move. It was too
  much - she wet herself in distress. The hot urine stung the insides of her
  thighs as it forced out past the tight strap between her bruised labia.  
&quot;You filthy, disgusting creature! Bend over while I thrash you for your
  insolence!&quot; Hassan advanced towards the whimpering girl with the crop
  raised in his clenched fist. But master Charles simply walked over to block
  him before the first blow could fall.  
&quot;Your Highness, I shall deal with this creature. Perhaps you should
  look after your horse.&quot;  
&quot;What...&quot; Hassan paused to look at his stallion. The thoroughbred
  had wandered towards the stables and was nearly out of sight. Hassan spat on
  the ground just in front of master Charles. &quot;Take the bitch then, curse
  you!&quot; He glowered at the wretched slave standing in her own puddle. &quot;And
  treat her harshly - the last time I was served by such an insolent cunt she
  filled the air with her screams for two days!&quot;  
He watched the furious young man running after his precious horse then turned
  his attention to the cowering slave. She flinched as he examined the padlocked
  strap holding the gag in her mouth then took out a knife. &quot;Shh - he's
  gone.&quot; He sawed through the thick leather and pulled it away from her
  head.  
&quot;Uhhh! M-master Charles S-sir, p-please I'm s-sorr...&quot;  
&quot;Silence!&quot; He cut through each strap of her harness until it hung
  between her thighs, held only by the dildoes wedged in her cunt and ass. &quot;Keep
  still but I will allow you to cry if you really must.&quot; She whimpered and
  tightly closed her eyes while he took hold of the leather and began to pull
  downwards.  
&quot;UUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; Elona couldn't
  help it - the pain was awful! She sank to her hands and knees and panted in
  shock.  
&quot;Well you certainly annoyed him, slave! Do you think you can make it
  back to the pens?&quot; The girl tried to get up but fell badly and clutched
  her belly in agony. &quot;Don't move, Elona. Stay down where you are.&quot; He
  lifted a radio to his mouth. &quot;Send Security to meet me at the main entrance
  to the stables immediately please.&quot; Minutes later, two guards rushed to
  join him. &quot;Take this slave to the Infirmary please. She is to be treated
  and thoroughly cleaned up. And have her delivered to my quarters at 8 o'clock,
  gentlemen.&quot; He watched them starting to drag the terrified girl by her
  arms. &quot;For goodness sake, CARRY her!&quot; He quickly strode off before
  his temper got the better of him. Stupid fools!  
&quot;What the fuck's wrong with him?&quot; One of the guards cuffed Elona's
  wrists behind her back while the other one fettered her ankles close together.
  The first guard grumbled as he threw the soiled, injured slave face down over
  the saddle. &quot;This one's not worth pissing on!&quot; They carried the groaning
  girl towards the main building. Her head hung limply down over the saddle's
  edge with tears filling her eyes - she was going to be sent to master Charles!
  He would torture her and kill her slowly - she'd heard the stories of his extreme
  cruelty from the other girls. She was going to be horribly executed tonight!  
*****  
Alexa stared across the tiled floor. A tiny spider was making its way up
  the windowsill. Sunlight streamed through the dirty glass. She could smell
  fresh coffee. Alexa looked down her body - somebody had covered her with a
  red and white checked tablecloth for a blanket. The leather belt on her neck
  had been untied from the table leg but was still looped round her throat. She
  sat up abruptly and banged her head on the underside of the table. &quot;Owww!!!&quot;  
The door swung open and Armando hurried in with a concerned expression on
  his face. &quot;Ya okay Lexie? Ya hurt?&quot;  
&quot;Uhh...no Sir - I mean Armando - I'm fine.&quot; It was very embarrassing
  sitting on the floor in his kitchen. What could she say? No, better to leave
  - better to say nothing. &quot;Umm, I-I'm very sorry for this, for sleeping
  here. I should go...&quot;  
&quot;Hey, Lexie don't go.&quot; Armando ran his hand through his thinning
  hair. It was his turn to look embarrassed. &quot;Look, I don't wanna know what
  or who ya running from. Just wanna know ya okay. Ya got a place to stay?&quot; She
  looked down and shook her head. &quot;What about all ya things? Where's ya
  stuff?&quot;  
Alexa stared up at this kindly old man, uncertain how far she could trust
  him. &quot;I don't have any thing except these clothes and the money.&quot; He
  was gaping at her, trying to make sense of her words. &quot;Err, this is a
  sort of test - I mean I have to live for four weeks in New York before I can...umm,
  go back.&quot;  
&quot;Whadya mean go back - go back where?&quot; He struggled down on one
  knee so he could look directly into her eyes. &quot;Are ya in trouble, Lexie?&quot; His
  eyes strayed to the leather belt still hanging from her neck.  
&quot;I...no, I'm not in trouble. I c-can't tell you Armando. I'm sorry for
  being a bother.&quot; She got up and carefully folded the tablecloth. &quot;I'd
  better go...&quot;  
He clambered slowly up. &quot;Okay, okay - no more questions, Lexie. Look,
  ya don't have to leave. Ya can stay if ya need.&quot; He was smiling at the
  disheveled little angel but his mind was in turmoil. Oh my dear, sweet Lucia!
  What have ya sent me - what should I do? Before Alexa could protest, he poured
  a cup of coffee and handed it over. &quot;So no need to go unless ya want to,
  and no more nosy questions from uncle Armando. Si? Okay?&quot; Alexa nodded
  and sipped her coffee. &quot;Bene, then that is settled.&quot; His mind was
  racing - this was crazy but the words came tumbling out of his mouth before
  he could think twice! &quot;So ya can stay upstairs in the spare room and maybe
  ya help out here sometimes for rent and food?&quot; Alexa was stunned by his
  generous offer. &quot;I say too much - I have offended ya?&quot;  
Alexa could barely speak. &quot;Uhh, w-why...I m-mean this is wonderful b-but
  I don't understand.&quot;  
&quot;Hey, can't an old man help out a pretty girl for no reason? Ya need
  help - I, Armando Forte, I help! Now quit ya tears and eat - then I show ya
  the apartment and ya can get some things from the store round the corner. Okay
  Lexie?&quot; He was rewarded by a sunny smile and a grateful hug. &quot;Hey,
  no going all mushy on me!&quot; But her tender embrace felt so good it almost
  hurt him inside. Ah, Lucia! Our daughter might have grown up like this sweet
  girl - she up there watching too? Kiss little Maria for me and tell her papa
  hopes he will be with ya both some day...  
*****  
Walking helped to clear his head. The grounds looked so beautiful at this
  time of year. Apart from that encounter with the vile crown prince, everything
  seemed in order. Master Charles thought carefully - the Oil Treaty had been
  signed. There was a younger prince, second in line to the throne and studying
  at Yale. He should be inducted into the Organization as a matter of urgency.
  Then there would be a little riding 'accident' that would change the destiny
  of a whole nation! On the path ahead were two figures - a slim blonde-haired
  but dusky-skinned girl in a white jumpsuit and the familiar figure of the Senator.
  He easily caught up with them as the girl was laboring under the weight of
  a large golf bag. She saw him first and mewed urgently at her owner. &quot;Well,
  well...if it isn't little Guljana!&quot; The stunning Afghan beauty had been
  tethered by a collar chain to the golf bag. She immediately kneeled and warily
  stared at him with her deep, dark eyes.  
&quot;Crack of dawn - best time of the day for golf, don't you think? You
  should try it, Charles.&quot; The Senator beamed and patted Guljana's cheek. &quot;That
  gag stays in until I have finished the round, my dear.&quot; He grinned at
  master Charles. &quot;She gets so excited when I'm putting that I have to silence
  the wench!&quot;  
Master Charles looked carefully at Guljana. She was exquisite. Guljana stared
  directly back until her new master cleared his throat then she swiftly lowered
  her gaze. &quot;Your new slave - it has met your expectations?&quot;  
&quot;Charles, she...ahh 'it' is an absolute gem! Somebody has trained little
  Guljana here in the finer arts of oral pleasures.&quot; The Senator winked
  at him. &quot;If this is typical Afghani stock, then our Russian friends must
  have been insane to have left Kabul. Speaking of which...&quot; the Senator
  lowered his voice to whisper out of his slave's earshot. &quot;You never told
  me exactly who had kept her captive before the Marines ambushed that truck.
  Little Guljana and I have been enjoying a little chat about her past. Not so
  hot on her English yet but Sharazai is one name I recognized. We'd been after
  that foul bastard for months ever since he kidnapped one of our best agents
  who was posing as an aid worker. You know what the Talib animal did after torturing
  and mutilating her? Doused her with gasoline and burned her alive! It is good
  to know he finally reached hell on the tip of an American bullet.&quot; The
  Senator paused, smiled at the waiting Guljana then grinned again at master
  Charles. &quot;One more surprise, Charles - you see I think I know her father!&quot;  
Master Charles was stunned. &quot;I beg your pardon?&quot;  
&quot;Major Oleg Yasov, ex-Soviet Defense Staff, currently Security Intelligence
  Director at the Institute for Atlantic Partnerships - based here in Washington!&quot;  
A strangled wail behind them made master Charles turn. Guljana had been close
  enough to hear the name of the man who had defiled her mother and sired her!
  Her cuffed hands were covering her shocked face. Oleg Yasov was a ruthless
  man, bitterly opposed to the Organization yet he would be such an asset if
  he could be persuaded to join. The old KGB network of 'pleasure-prisoners'
  was still active and reputed to be expanding under the new eastern capitalism.
  And Yasov was heavily involved. &quot;What do you propose to do?&quot;  
The Senator shrugged his shoulders. &quot;Ohh, nothing at present - but there
  is the small matter of a Nuclear Arms Treaty to broker and our little jewel
  here might just be the key...&quot;  
*****  
The strangest thing of all was seeing children. Alexa hadn't seen any since
  she was abducted and couldn't stop looking at them. And older women - there
  weren't any older slaves, at least none she'd ever met. She didn't want to
  think about why. The women at the store had eyed her suspiciously until she
  had stammered that Uncle Armando had sent her. A sudden transformation - faces
  wreathed in smiles! She must be family - a distant cousin perhaps? Look, she
  has Lucia's eyes! Alexa just smiled and went along with their fantasies. The
  truth would never have been believed even if she said it. She clambered back
  up the short flight of steps to the apartment above Lucia's kitchen and let
  herself in with the key. After dumping her new possessions on the narrow bed,
  she hunted and found the dusters, Hoover and some polish. The apartment was
  so unkempt - even the windows were gray with dirt.  
Armando came looking for her several hours later. He was speechless! The
  apartment was spotless - mirrors gleamed, furniture was dust-free, all the
  junk had been tidied away! As he approached the tiny spare room, he heard crying.
  He nearly knocked on the door but stood listening to the mournful sobs and
  whispers within. &quot;I...uhh, I c-can't live outside! Ohh master, I-I'm so
  scared! I w-want to come back!&quot; Armando softly walked away, confused and
  worried by her tearful words.  
*****  
The intercom panel revealed a pitiful scene. The guard standing at the door
  was holding a long leash chain. At the other end was a trembling naked slave
  in a state of extreme distress. The guard behind her was forcing her along
  by prodding her backside with a cattle prod. Every time he touched her, she
  yelped and squealed miserably past the steel bit in her mouth. She was clutching
  a black bundle and had been severely fettered with heavy punishment collar
  and cuffs in preparation for her execution. As she shuffled closer, restricted
  by a tiny hobble chain, master Charles realized that the bundle was a PVC body
  bag. He opened the door and took a sealed envelope from the guard. He quickly
  scanned the medical report and sighed. That fool of a young prince had gone
  too far with the Organization's property! He pulled the body bag from her hands
  and thrust it at one of the guards. &quot;That will not be necessary and take
  those damn punishment cuffs and collar off of her - Elona has been through
  enough.&quot;  
She couldn't believe what was happening. The heavy fetters were being unlocked
  - master Charles was smiling at her! He unbuckled the bit strap and led her
  by the hand inside his apartment. In a daze, Elona knelt while a beautiful
  inlaid leather collar was buckled around her throat. He was being so kind,
  so gentle! &quot;Where is your ear-tag, my dear?&quot;  
&quot;Th-the guards took it master Sir - they s-said it wasn't needed anymore.&quot; She
  was trembling uncontrollably.  
&quot;Elona, look at me.&quot; He held her face in his hands. &quot;You are
  a very good slave and have pleased me greatly by your efforts to satisfy our
  guests here at the Ranch. You are NOT in trouble and I am NOT going to punish
  you.&quot; He gently stroked her hair. &quot;Now, serve me a drink please -
  red wine.&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes master Sir!&quot; She was off like a shot to the cabinet, pouring
  the ruby liquid into a crystal glass and returning to hold it up in both hands
  while kneeling. Elona kissed the side of the glass and offered it with eyes
  respectfully lowered.  
&quot;Beautifully done, girl! I think we made a mistake with you - you should
  be auctioned to a master, not kept as a lowly House Slave! Now, pour a glass
  for yourself.&quot; He grinned at her radiant joy. As she turned to obey, the
  lattice of angry red cuts across her back made him frown. That idiot! What
  on earth had possessed the prince to use a wire whip on a serving slave? &quot;Elona,
  tell me my dear - why did the prince punish you so severely?&quot;  
The girl looked down in distress. &quot;I-I don't know, master Sir. I was
  cleaning the lobby with Martina and he was shouting down the phone at reception
  about finding the right girl or something. I think it was a girl who wouldn't
  dance with him but I don't know why.&quot; She paused as tears crept from the
  corners of her eyes. &quot;He kicked Martina out of his way and I l-looked
  up to see why she had cried out. He saw me and s-said I, uhh...I w-would have
  to do until th-they found his dancer. He dragged me off and kept going on about
  making her dance properly with her f-feet off the ground!&quot;  
Elona went quiet but he could see her shuddering as she tried to stifle her
  fearful sobbing. Ahh - this explains so much! He had wondered why the scouting
  teams were scouring the London nightclubs for a particular female. And all
  to pander to the whims of a psychotic royal playboy who had been turned down
  by a dancer in a disco. &quot;Put him out of your pretty head, dear child.
  He shall not come near you again - I give you my word. Finish your wine then
  come and sit on this platform with your legs apart and your head back.&quot; Elona
  dutifully drained her glass although it made her throat sting a little. She
  carefully sat on the edge of the rectangular stage facing his chair and spread
  her feet as widely as she could. Resting her weight on her elbows, she put
  back her head so he could examine the curve of her body and her smooth, clean-shaven
  cunt. Her head hung down over the other edge of the stage. &quot;Good little
  Elona. Curve your back a bit further please. Now Elona, I wish to see exactly
  how responsive you can be. Wait in that position please.&quot; He went over
  to a large drawer and returned with a very long spreader bar that had a pair
  of fitted leather cuffs at either end, and a waist belt attached at the center.  
She raised herself up as the bar slid under her back. Master Charles drew
  the ends of the waist belt together and fastened the buckle very tightly just
  above her hips. Elona gasped softly while her right foot was brought up and
  secured so her leg was bent back at her knee. When her left leg was similarly
  restrained, her thighs were forced apart. Master Charles secured each of her
  wrists in the other cuffs so they too were locked to either end of the bar.
  Elona's back was arched into a bow. Master Charles traced along the insides
  of Elona's taut thighs with his fingertips, causing a shudder of erotic pleasure
  to ripple through her body. His fingers reached her pussy lips. She groaned
  deliciously when he stroked her outer labia with the balls of his thumbs. The
  swollen lips were soon parted to expose her inner folds. Master Charles noted
  the tiny holes in her labia where the rings had been before their removal by
  the guards to prepare the slave for cremation. They obviously assumed she wouldn't
  be leaving his apartment alive. Elona began to pant in arousal when his finger
  lightly traced about the entrance to her vagina. She gasped as he caught her
  swollen clit between the outsides of his thumbs and rolled her sensitive bud
  between them.  
&quot;Ohhhhhh! Uhhhh m-master sir! UHHHHHHHH!!!!&quot;  
&quot;Keep still, slave - do NOT cum!&quot; He continued to tease and explore
  the quivering girl's inner folds, noticing her rapid breathing and the flush
  spreading across her belly. Elona twisted her head from side to side in erotic
  anguish, squeezing her eyes shut as she tried desperately to obey him.  
Her eyes suddenly opened in shock at the intense sensation between her buttocks.
  Something hard was pushing against her anus! A tremor ran through her spine
  - it had been driven further! &quot;UUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHNNNNNNN!&quot; Elona couldn't
  help crying out. &quot;S-so s-strong...so UHHHH S-STRONG!!&quot; He had pushed
  a furiously vibrating probe deeply into her ass. Now his fingers began sliding
  inside her vagina, stretching and filling her as his whole hand disappeared
  up her cunt. First, his index and middle finger moved deeper, joined by his
  ring and little finger. Elona shrieked in excited terror. He rotated his hand
  and forced it in past the base of his thumb. She jerked and strained against
  the cuffs and dug her fingernails into her palms so hard she drew blood. Master
  Charles smiled as he marveled at the strength in the girl before him. Unlike
  several masters he knew, master Charles preferred to let a girl make as much
  noise as she wished as long as there was no major risk of her biting through
  her own tongue. So little Elona would remain ungagged while she was fisted.
  He curled his fingers inside her body and began to rotate his wrist. &quot;UUUUUUUUUURRRRGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!&quot; She
  yelped as the incredible agony/pleasure of having the whole of a man's large
  hand up her cunt threatened to overwhelm her completely. But he wasn't finished
  with her - a small clamp suddenly pinched her swollen clit! Elona shrieked
  and fought against the impossibly strong orgasm that hovered on the edge of
  her consciousness. &quot;C-CAN'T S-S-STOP!!!!&quot;  
Master Charles repeatedly loosened then squeezed the clamp on Elona's engorged
  clit, making her howl in sweet distress. &quot;Steady slave, hold until I permit
  you!&quot; She was writhing and straining violently on the platform. Her breathing
  was rapid and shallow. Soon, very soon he would grant her relief but not yet
  - not until she was ready for a Slave Orgasm. Master Charles pitied the females
  who had never experienced such an event. Their emotional lives were stunted
  and shallow - they had never felt the power in their own bodies. Good, she
  is going rigid. Her toes had curled; her fingers were wide and trembling; the
  muscles in her arms and legs were taut. He knew she had thrown her head as
  far back as possible. A rosy flush covered her belly and chest. Her vagina
  suddenly contracted against his fist...now! &quot;Elona, you may cum immediately!
  NOW, SLUT - NOW!!!&quot;  
His shout shocked her to the core. Her feelings were too big, too strong!
  She wasn't able to cope - she couldn't! It would be too hard - she would d... &quot;AAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 10  
&quot;There there, no need for tears - it's only for a week.&quot; The Senator
  smiled fondly down at the dusky-skinned naked slave who wept silently as she
  pressed her head against his leg. He leaned down and stroked Guljana's soft
  blonde mane. Such a delightful creature! He dropped a tiny mint candy on the
  floor and watched her pick it up with her tongue. If she looked at him now
  with those large dark liquid eyes, he would have relented. But she was too
  untrained to travel. &quot;As promised, I have ordered the well for your village,
  slave.&quot; She mumbled gratefully between tiny sobs but still kept her head
  down. The Senator sighed. Charles had never explained how owning a personal
  slave would change everything - damn it, he was worried about her! &quot;Look,
  when I return I shall take you out on the course again - you have the makings
  of a fine caddy, my dear.&quot; Again, he stroked her silky hair. &quot;That's
  something to look forward to, isn't it?&quot; A tiny nod showed the distressed
  Afghani girl understood him. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a ball
  gag. Guljana opened her mouth to take it from his palm then waited while the
  straps were firmly buckled together behind her head. &quot;Come along, little
  Guljana - present yourself for the cuffs.&quot;  
Guljana knelt with her back straight and placed her palms on her buttocks.
  She let out a tiny sob as her wrists were secured in slim cuffs. She felt the
  cuffs of the hobble chain being cinched around her ankles. Once her master
  had clipped a leash chain to her collar, she began to struggle up but he pushed
  her back down. When the Senator took a black spandex hood out of his pocket,
  she whimpered and stared up at him with a mournful expression. &quot;Ahh, those
  eyes are the reason for the hood, my dear bewitching slut!&quot; He gently
  drew the stretchy garment down over her tear-stained face before pulling the
  leather strap tight under her chin. She was tugged up and stumbled blindly
  behind her beloved master. As they walked, he explained how she would be in
  good hands during his absence and that one of the experienced guards had volunteered
  to keep an eye on her. She didn't really understand what he was saying but
  took comfort from his soothing tone. There was the harsh metallic clang of
  a door. Guljana sensed they had finally reached the slave pens underneath the
  main building. &quot;Ahh, Miller - good of you to take such an interest in
  my little jewel here! Now I must dash - I have a flight to catch.&quot;  
She shrank back in fright - Miller! Surely that was the name of the brutal
  guard who had raped and badly hurt her after her branding! She mewed frantically
  and jerked back in terror, nearly tripping on her hobble chain. &quot;Looks
  like you're missing him already!&quot; That voice - it's HIM! A sharp, severely
  painful swat on her ass made her yelp in fright. Her leash chain was being
  pulled up until her collar dug under her chin. She was being pressed close
  against this horribly cruel man! He whispered in her ear. &quot;You and me
  got some unfinished business, dirty fuckin' Arab WHORE!&quot;  
*****  
Armando had never seen so many customers since his dear wife had been alive
  and well. They even had to turn disappointed people away at closing time or
  they would have never stopped! And he knew why - the place had been transformed
  over the last two and a half weeks by a slip of a girl with a ready smile and
  a soft, husky voice. Hey Lucia - do all your sister-angels work hard like this?
  It took nearly an hour to clear everything away. Armando busied himself taking
  the trash through the yard, leaving his heaven-sent helper to finish cleaning
  the counter and bolt the front door.  
As he went back inside the kitchen, he heard her frightened voice. &quot;Th-that's
  all there is! P-please don't c-cut me!&quot; His Lexie was in trouble! Armando
  edged quietly to the door and looked in the curved mirror that covered the
  whole of the bistro. Two men - one behind the counter, one holding a knife
  against Lexie's face. She had been backed against the counter and couldn't
  escape. Armando silently cursed in frustration - his old service revolver was
  hidden behind the till. He had shown it to Lexie but she had been too frightened
  to even touch it. And she was round the wrong side of the counter anyway. Armando
  desperately scanned the kitchen for any sign of a weapon. The man in front
  of Alexa waved a fistful of notes in front of her face. &quot;Come on, bitch
  - you gonna tell us where the old man keeps his stash, or do we have some fun?&quot; He
  grinned unpleasantly. &quot;Or mebbe Zeko and me have some fun anyways?&quot; He
  slid his hand up Alexa's thigh, riding up her denim miniskirt. Armando ground
  his teeth in frustration as he looked around the immaculately tidy kitchen
  - everything was in the dishwasher leaving him nothing, not even a knife! The
  man behind the counter hooked his arm around Alexa's throat and began to squeeze
  as he lifted her back until her toes barely touched the ground. She gasped
  and tried to pull his arm away while desperately holding down the hem of her
  miniskirt - she failed to do either.  
The man facing her forced his hand right up her front and gripped her panties.
  There was a sickening, tearing sound as he ripped her briefs away. He put the
  money from the till on the counter and started to fondle Alexa's breasts. &quot;Hey,
  hey, HEY! Whoa - what you got hid in here?&quot; He smiled as he squeezed Alexa's
  ringed nipples then roughly pulled up her crop top and yanked down her bra. &quot;Ohh
  YES baby! Hey Zeko, my man - we got a real slut here!&quot; He fondled the
  squealing and choking girl's pierced buds then grinned. &quot;Now, I wonder...&quot; Alexa
  writhed helplessly as he pulled her miniskirt up past her hips. He gave a low
  whistle as he stared in wonder at her smooth-shaven cunt, at the golden ring
  through her tiny member, and at the circular brand just above her cleft. &quot;Ohh
  man - holy FUCK! Zeko, you're not gonna BELIEVE this!&quot; Armando couldn't
  bear it any longer. He picked up the heaviest saucepan available and rushed
  at the man who was abusing Alexa.  
During the fierce scuffle, her throat was squeezed so hard that Alexa nearly
  blacked out. The man called Zeko yanked her completely over the counter to
  fall in a crumpled heap on the floor. Armando was hopelessly outnumbered by
  the two younger men. Alexa gaped in horror as he suddenly collapsed to the
  floor and clutched his bleeding side in agony. No! Please NOOOO!!!! She struggled
  up and desperately reached behind the opened till. Without thinking, Alexa
  fumbled for the heavy weapon. She managed to remove the safety catch and pointed
  it unsteadily at the muggers who were laughing and kicking the older man. &quot;S-stop!
  Uhhh...l-leave h-him alone!&quot;  
*****  
After a long silence while master Charles stroked her head, Elona summoned
  enough courage to whisper what she had wanted to say for the last few hours.
  This master had been so very gentle and considerate towards her. Yet, she knew
  his reputation and why he had summoned her to serve him. &quot;Y-you can...do
  it now, M-master Sir. I-I'm ready n-now.&quot;  
He stopped stroking her hair. &quot;Do what, little slave?&quot;  
She tried not to cry. &quot;Th-thank you very much for being s-so kind b-but
  I know I'm...uhh here to d-die!&quot;  
Master Charles sighed. Elona was one of the most intelligent, attentive and
  seductive house-slaves at the Ranch. And she had been thoughtlessly damaged
  by that lunatic prince! He stroked her head again. &quot;Nonsense, slave -
  after your performance in my bed you have saved yourself. I have decided you
  shall be spared and these scars will be removed. I am not in the habit of wasting
  good slave-stock. Now run and get yourself showered - I shall join you shortly.&quot;  
Elona relaxed a little and smiled to herself as she padded through his apartment.
  If master Charles wanted her to believe him, she would pretend go along with
  it. But when the end came, she prayed, please let it be quick...  
*****  
Guljana hugged herself and stared apprehensively round the large, circular
  cage. Miller had brought her here and removed her hood, gag and fetters but
  then had left without speaking. Somehow, she knew this was very bad. Surely
  having this Senator for a master would protect her? Guljana had no idea what
  a Senator really was but it seemed very important - like a kind of tribal elder
  of the American 'Loya Jirga'? But this man, this Miller, had already attacked
  her and raped her before she was collared - was he going to hurt her again?
  The door outside the cage was opening. It was him! He was dragging a screaming
  girl by her dark hair. Guljana panicked when she recognized his victim - Zia!
  She had always hated Guljana and had thrown stones at her when they were both
  little. Zia was the one who had called her &quot;the mule&quot; because she
  was half Russian. Zia had even laughed when Guljana's mother had died after
  she stepped on a mine. As she was forced to the cage door, Zia looked at Guljana
  with a look of pure venom and spat in her direction! Grinning with wicked delight,
  the horrible man pushed Zia into the cage and locked the door. Guljana backed
  against the bars and eyed Zia warily. &quot;See how kind I am? I've brought
  you a playmate from your own village! Now you two be nice and lovin' - we don't
  want any harm to the Senator's precious fuck-bitch do we?&quot; He sniggered
  and watched in undisguised excitement. Guljana instantly knew this was a trap!
  He was baiting Zia to attack her so he could punish the darker girl for disobedience.
  But Zia did not know any English! She had to warn her, make her believe...  
&quot;Filth!&quot; Zia snarled and began to edge round the cage. &quot;Dirty
  Western houri! Your mother deserved to die! I prayed to Allah you would do
  the same!&quot; Miller smiled and watched the unfolding scene. The dark-skinned
  Afghani was screaming at the terrified Guljana as if she wanted to kill her.
  In fact, she had tried to scratch out the blonde half-caste's eyes on the jet
  before she was put in with that little fuck-bitch called Alexa. Oh yes, how
  Miller dreamed of getting his hands on that little English cunt. He would show
  that so-called &quot;master&quot; Charles how big a mistake he'd made in passing
  him over for promotion. These fools and their fuckin' Organization were all
  going soft!  
&quot;Zia - the bad man is trying to make us fight! D-don't, please!&quot; Guljana
  tried to keep a safe distance between herself and her adversary.  
&quot;Then the infidel chose well, you treacherous witch!&quot; Zia crouched,
  ready to attack! &quot;Look at you - pierced and marked like the houri I always
  said you were!&quot; They were interrupted when Miller slid a pair of handcuffs
  into the center of the cage. Guljana stared in horror at the cuffs. She knew
  she HAD to get them before Zia! Both girls dived for the cuffs and rolled into
  a ball of kicking, scratching fury. Zia gripped Guljana's hair and banged her
  head on the floor. She was screeching with insane hatred at her dazed victim.
  Guljana felt herself being twisted over and her face was ground against the
  floor by the weight of Zia's naked body. A cuff clicked shut around her left
  wrist! &quot;I hated you when I first saw you! You and your pretty yellow hair
  and pale skin! And the boys all loved you even under the burqa - ohh yes, they
  knew you were pretty, you soviet half-breed witch!&quot; Guljana squealed in
  terror as her free arm was twisted painfully up her back. Click! She was helpless
  and at Zia's mercy now, with both her wrists locked behind her. Zia straddled
  her and deliberately spat in her eyes!  
Miller chuckled at the wonderful catfight, enjoying how the darker Afghani
  was fighting like a maddened animal. He slid a new object towards the victorious
  girl. She stared at the large, studded dildo for a puzzled moment, and then
  bared her teeth in triumph as she realized what the American devil had just
  given her. It was like a monstrous phallus that buzzed so hard it sent tingles
  up Zia's arm when she grasped it. &quot;I hate you, mule! Your mother was a
  filthy traitor and a whore! I thanked Allah for His merciful justice when her
  legs were blown off by that soviet mine!&quot;  
Guljana wailed in anguish at Zia's cruel words. &quot;No, no, no - my mother
  was RAPED! She did not give herself to my father - she was a loyal Pashtun!&quot; Guljana
  stared in horror at the whirring dildo that Zia was holding above her. &quot;Zia!
  Do not do this - I beg you! ZIA! D-dont put it...AAAAIIIIIEEE!!!!&quot; Guljana
  writhed in agonized despair. Her assailant had rammed the tip of the massive
  dildo up between her thighs and was pushing the point into her vulva. She tried
  to squirm backwards, to get out from under Zia's wiry body but it was no use.
  With a dreadful moan, Guljana felt her privates being split apart by the wicked
  device. Zia was laughing! Guljana shrieked as her attacker twisted the dildo,
  trying to screw it deeper into her cunt! Outside the cage, Miller chuckled
  at the sight of the two dirty Afghani sluts. That Zia was a wild animal - he
  would take great pleasure in finishing her off later. Oh yes, they're always
  more fun if they fight and scream for mercy before the end!  
*****  
&quot;D-don't c-come any closer!&quot; Alexa trembled as the drug-fuelled
  mugger sneered and advanced, ignoring the gun that she was trying to hold steady
  in her shaking hands.  
&quot;Aww, now you've fuckin' gone and blown it big-time! Now Zeko and me's
  gonna have to teach you manners, you stoopid bitch!&quot; He rushed forward
  and grabbed the muzzle of the revolver. As it was yanked up and out of Alexa's
  grasp, there was a terrific bang. She watched in horror as her attacker spun
  backward, spraying her with bright red drops from the gaping wound in his neck.
  In slow motion, he sank down to the floor. In the background, she heard angry
  shouting. The other robber, Zeko, rammed her backwards in his desperation to
  escape, slamming her so hard her head smacked against the still open till drawer.
  Everything went black.  
&quot;Lex! Lexie - talk to me!&quot; Groggily, she stared up at Armando's
  ashen face. He was stroking her cheek and gaping in embarrassment at her pierced
  breasts and nearly naked body.  
Alexa groaned as she realized her semi-nude state with her skirt right up
  round her waist and no underwear. He had seen her brand - how could she possibly
  explain? She desperately pulled the short denim down and then covered her chest
  with her top. But it was too late now - Armando had SEEN her slave-piercings
  and master's mark! &quot;Uhh, y-your side...blood?&quot;  
&quot;No, is okay - a flesh wound is all. But Lexie - ya head?&quot; She
  rubbed her aching scalp and realized her hair was all sticky with fluid. Her
  hands and arms were spattered with red. Armando watched the horror and panic
  in her eyes. &quot;No, Lexie. It's safe now. Hell, ya saved us girl - ya blew
  that punk away. His friend's gone too - without the cash.&quot; He smiled down
  at her. &quot;My Lexie, my guardian angel! I tell the cops everything ya did
  - they get here soon.&quot;  
She stammered in fright. &quot;P-police? Here? Ohh n-no!&quot; She clambered
  unsteadily to her feet. &quot;I c-can't stay! I...&quot; There was a wailing
  siren outside. Blue and red lights flickered around the walls. She ran desperately
  through the kitchen, through the yard, into the alley, into the night...  
*****  
Master Charles gently massaged Elona's neck in the shower, feeling her tense
  up at his touch. She was trembling! &quot;Elona, I am a man of my word - I
  am not in the habit of wasting excellent slave-stock.&quot; She had started
  to cry. He spun her round and lifted her chin up with one finger. She looked
  up at him through tear-filled eyes. Elona tried to smile but instead fell to
  her knees and hugged him. Master Charles smiled and patted her damp hair. &quot;Well?
  Is that all the thanks I get?&quot; Small fingers touched the base of his penis,
  guiding the stiffening shaft towards an eager mouth. Elona used every trick
  that she had learned since being enslaved to tease and delay his ejaculation
  until the last possible moment. Master Charles groaned and had to steady himself
  against the tiled wall as this exquisite slave proved her worth. Marking her
  with a whip infuriated him. It was such a damned waste - the sooner that reckless
  prince had his fatal riding accident the better! He stared down at the girl
  who was licking and caressing his manhood with total abandon. He would move
  her from The Ranch - yes, once she had recovered from plastic surgery she would
  be sent to the Organization's facility in Antigua for retraining to be auctioned
  as a personal slave. She would suit a younger, newer master very well, he thought.  
Master Charles left her to finish showering and toweled himself dry. He kept
  on wondering about Alexa - why? Had she bolted, like his skeptical colleagues
  assumed she would? Or was she struggling to survive before returning to his
  collar? There were another nine days left before she was due back. He pondered
  for a moment then decided enough was enough. He called Room Service to take
  Elona back to the cells and issued instructions about her treatment. Then he
  summoned a helicopter to take him back to New York. Something was bothering
  him - why couldn't he get the image of Alexa's tearful face out of his mind?  
*****  
Guljana stirred weakly and tasted blood. She had bitten her own tongue during
  the vicious assault by Zia. Not satisfied with brutalizing her with that awful
  thing that had trembled inside her ravaged privates, Zia had attempted to strangle
  her with her own hair. Strangely, she had been rescued by Miller who felled
  her attacker with an electric prod, until Zia had curled into a helpless fetal
  position under the repeated shocks. Now Zia, her attacker, was the victim and
  had been chained up, spread-eagled against the bars, facing into the circular
  cage. She was crying and writhing in pain. Guljana gaped in shock at the sight
  of the thin metal bar supported by rods between Zia's shaking thighs. Despite
  having been brutally assaulted by this girl, Guljana couldn't help feeling
  sorry for her. Zia had been tricked by Miller and was being tortured as her
  whole weight was resting on the narrow ridge between her labia.  
For some reason, Guljana's thoughts drifted to the time she had asked her
  mother why men hated women and treated them so badly. Her wonderful, gentle
  mother had explained that men feared women because their bodies drove men mad
  with desire. She told Guljana that women were made to cover themselves and
  kept at home so the powerful magic of a female's body could be held at bay.
  Guljana had asked why Allah allowed this, as it was so unfair. Her mother's
  reply had stunned her - that Allah was a man's God, not a woman's, and she
  would tell her daughter a secret known only to certain women of her family
  later in the evening. But that very afternoon, Guljana's mother had died of
  shock and loss of blood alone in the ruins of a farm while scavenging for firewood.
  She took the secret with her to her grave. Guljana sobbed uncontrollably as
  she lay on her side in the cage with her hands still cuffed behind her back.
  Her mother had dreamed that one day they might escape to the West and start
  a new life. She had taught Guljana as much English as she knew. She would have
  despaired to think her pretty daughter was now a naked, branded slave in America.  
*****  
Armando winced at the pain in his side. The paramedics had wanted him to
  go to hospital but he had refused. The cops had accepted his story of self-defense
  and the body of the mugger was now gone. Armando had called after Lexie as
  she fled in terror but it was no use. Wisely, he failed to mention the barely
  dressed and blood-spattered young girl who had saved his life - the cops would
  have asked many more unanswerable questions. But where was she? He looked through
  the small cardboard box where she had kept all her frugal possessions. He marveled
  how she had saved all the tips from the customers so she could pay back everything
  she had bought from the ten one hundred dollar bills she was given by this
  man she called 'master Charles'. She now had exactly one thousand and fifty-five
  dollars and forty cents. Then he found the small notebook.  
In tiny, neat writing, Alexa had written the shocking story of her life.
  Armando's hands shook and his eyes grew moist as he tried to comprehend how
  this girl had been turned into a slave, nearly killed, and then set loose to
  test her loyalty. The name 'master Charles' kept on cropping up. Between the
  leaves of the notebook, he found a business card with a New York number on
  it but no name. This 'Organization' sounded worse that the Mob but Armando
  didn't fear them. He had seen plenty in '44, helping to take Belgium back from
  the Nazis, and anyway he was an old man. Okay, my beloved Lucia - I understand
  now why you sent her. It's a matter of Honor and Duty and your Armando will
  not fail you! He picked up the telephone, dialed the number and spoke to the
  startled man at the other end. &quot;Tell ya master Charles we need to talk
  about a very special person called Alexa - and tell him it's urgent - si, okay?&quot;  
The girl in question shivered and stared out from behind a large trash container.
  She looked up at the towering building she wasn't supposed to enter for another
  eight days. She missed Armando, she was penniless, barely dressed and splashed
  with dried blood. She had a terrible headache and kept feeling dizzy and nauseous.
  In a tiny, forlorn and croaky voice, she whimpered to herself. &quot;Master
  Charles! P-please h-help!&quot;  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 11  
Most people ignored the girl who stumbled unsteadily along the sidewalk.
  Others openly stared at her bloodstained clothes and matted hair. Nobody offered
  to help.  
Alexa's headache was getting steadily worse. The bright headlights of the
  cars hurt her eyes and she felt as though she was going to throw up all the
  time. A yellow cab skidded and swerved at the last minute, missing her by inches. &quot;Out
  of the way! Ya stoopid doped-up bitch!&quot; The driver raged at her but she
  couldn't hear the words - sounds were so distant as though she was in a tunnel.
  She just kept on walking across the road, making other cars veer and the drivers
  sound their horns in fury. Alexa wandered aimlessly in the unfamiliar streets,
  trying to judge distances and not to trip on the kerb, and eventually slumped
  against a wall in an alleyway. Several young girls were hanging around the
  corner and they glared at her as she tried to stay upright. She was so tired,
  so sleepy and her head felt like it was going to explode but somehow knew that
  if she closed her eyes she might never wake again.  
&quot;Gina, who's the fuck-head broad over there?&quot; One of the girls
  shouted to her colleague who was nearest to Alexa.  
The raven-haired girl eyed Alexa up and down. Gina was provocatively dressed
  in shiny hotpants, a tight bikini and impossibly high white stiletto sandals. &quot;Well,
  she aint gonna steal no tricks from me! Hey, sister - watsa big...uhh gawd,
  watsa matter with ya?&quot; The Latino girl peered closer, beginning to realize
  something was terribly wrong with this stranger. &quot;Geez! Did ya get worked
  over by a john or did ya pimp give ya a beating, hon?&quot;  
Alexa tried to focus on the double image of the young woman. Ohh my head,
  my head! It was so very peculiar - all the sound had stopped. And the ground
  was coming up towards her face so fast - how strange!  
Gina crouched down next to the crumpled form of the young girl then gasped
  as she saw the dark clotted mass of bloodied hair at the back of her head.
  This girl had been hurt bad - it didn't look like no punishment beating. Maybe
  she'd been mugged? As she tried to rouse the stranger, some cops suddenly arrived
  at the entrance to the alleyway. A cop she knew very well was calling out in
  a bored voice. &quot;Okay ladies, you know this aint the place for cruisin'
  - you gotta come down the station for violating city ordinances.&quot; Gina
  shrank into the darkness as the other girls were led away, protesting their
  innocence loudly to anyone who was interested. The familiar cop shone a torch
  light at her and then on the semi-conscious girl who was trying to get up.
  ''Hell, Gina,'' he sighed. ''You're gonna end up in real trouble dressed like
  that on the streets.  
Look, why don't you get your friend fixed up and go home?'' Gina had a sharp,
  obscene reply ready for him but bit back her retort when she saw who he was
  and the sadness in his eyes. She knew this guy. Martinez, yeah - Mike Martinez
  and he was okay...for a cop.  
The officer shook his head and turned away. No point in getting the wagon
  all messed up by a sick hooker. And he hated the thought of having to bust
  Gina - she just needed a break to straighten herself out. He allowed himself
  a wry smile - she looked damn hot in those pants too, the way that zipper was
  riding in deep between her...quit fooling yourself, man! She despises you -
  you're just another pain-in-the-ass cop as far as she's concerned. Anyway,
  the whole exercise was pointless. These chicks would all be back on the streets
  within hours of their release, even more desperate to make up for lost business
  and to avoid the violent wrath of their pimps. He pitied them but he felt angry
  too for poor Gina. They had lived in the same tenement block when he was a
  rookie. He remembered her blossoming from a gawky kid into a stunning beauty.
  She'd been a good kid too until her shit-bag of a brother had 'sold' her to
  pay off his crack debts. The cop sighed again. So much for this fuckin' 'Zero
  Tolerance' bullshit from City Hall...  
Gina sighed with relief. At least this sick girl had made the cops leave
  her alone. Maybe officer Martinez was right bur she had to do tricks to pay
  off her debts and college fees...and now she could work her street corner without
  any competition! She sauntered back towards the sidewalk, emphasizing the sway
  of her hips and began to look for her next 'customer'. She paused and turned
  back. The girl on the ground just sat there. Forget her - what the hell do
  I care anyway? A car slowed. The expression on the john was so typical - a
  mixture of lust and guilt as he hungrily eyed her body like a piece of meat.
  She put on her best plastic smile and seductively gyrated her ass as she moved
  towards the open car window. For some crazy reason she looked behind her one
  last time. Shit! SHIT! That kid was slumped down again and this time she wasn't
  moving.  
&quot;Hey lady - are yer gonna stand there all fuckin' night or are yer open
  fer business?&quot; The john sounded from out of town and nervous as hell,
  like he wasn't used to picking up a city working girl.  
Gina swung back round and sneered in contempt at him. &quot;Aww go screw
  yaself, country boy!&quot; The guy frowned then drove off. Shit! SHIT! What
  in HELL did I do THAT for? She could have stung him for more than the going
  rate! Gina cursed again and ran back as fast as her stilettos would allow. &quot;Hon,
  ya okay? Hey, talk to me! Oh fuckin' shit! Hey there, HEY!&quot;  
*****  
Master Charles watched the older man pour out the coffee. He cleared his
  throat. &quot;I believe you wanted to see me about a certain young creature?&quot;  
&quot;That all Alexa is to ya - a CREATURE?&quot; Armando could barely contain
  his anger. &quot;She's a fine person, an angel who got no wings - she's no
  piece of property or animal to be bought and sold!&quot;  
Master Charles did not immediately reply after the old Italian's outburst.
  How on earth could such an insignificant slave have caused so much disruption
  to his ordered life? He had better things to do than listen to this! &quot;You
  have no idea what is involved, Mister Forte. Alexa belongs to me.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, I read her diary.&quot; Armando slammed the notebook on the table. &quot;I
  know what ya people are, what it is ya done to her! Alexa's been forced into
  slavery, ya nearly kill her and now she's goin' half crazy trying to survive
  in this city while she has to prove HER loyalty! Ya treat her WORSE than a
  damn animal!&quot; He threw the cash down next to the notebook. &quot;See how
  she even saves to pay ya goddam money all back? She goddam LOVES ya and ya
  don't wanna know!&quot; He turned away. &quot;Ya people make me sick!&quot;  
Master Charles sighed. Security had briefed him about this Armando Forte
  before their meeting. Were it not for the fact that Alexa was involved, master
  Charles would never have come to this run-down bistro in Little Italy. &quot;I
  am aware of what you think of me...and of how much you think you know about
  us.&quot; He paused, watching the expression change on the old man's face. &quot;The
  only reason you and I are speaking and that you have not been 'cleaned' is
  your pivotal role in caring for my little Alexa...&quot;  
Armando chose to ignore the thinly veiled threat. &quot;Why do ya hurt her
  - she loves ya so much!&quot;  
&quot;Do you think I don't know that? Why on earth do you think I'm here?&quot;  
Armando leaned back and frowned at this clean-cut man. &quot;So ya DO care
  for her?&quot; There was no reply and none was needed.  
&quot;Where is she? Was she here when you shot that thief? Was she...is she
  injured?&quot;  
&quot;I never shot nobody last night - SHE did! That sweet kid saved my LIFE!&quot; The
  man opposite him stared at him in amazement. &quot;And yeah, she hit her head
  real bad. Knocked herself out cold when she fell. I tried to stop her leaving
  but she ran off when the cops came. I thought maybe she comes back but...&quot;  
This was worse than master Charles had feared. Alexa was missing in New York
  - without possessions, with no money, and possibly in urgent need of medical
  attention. Damn! I should have had the girl discreetly monitored from the outset! &quot;Contrary
  to what you may think, she means a lot to me. If she returns, please contact
  us immediately.&quot;  
Armando eyed him for a moment. &quot;What if Alexa don't want back no more?&quot;  
&quot;What do you mean?&quot;  
&quot;How much?&quot;  
Master Charles was puzzled. &quot;I beg your pardon?&quot;  
&quot;How much she worth - I buy her and set her free!&quot;  
Master Charles looked around the poorly decorated room. &quot;You could never
  afford her. Besides, it is out of the question - my little slave is not for
  sale.&quot; This old man was actually serious! What was it about Alexa that
  affected people so much? This was getting him nowhere. He stood up, pocketed
  Alexa's notebook but left the money on the table. &quot;Just call me if she
  returns...please.&quot;  
*****  
Master Charles' mind was in turmoil. Alexa had behaved admirably and strived
  to make him proud of her. And in return, he had placed her in danger in a hostile,
  unfamiliar city. Oh Stephen, my old friend, I have been a damn FOOL! But this
  had all gone far enough. He wanted her back NOW. Picking up the phone in the
  limo, he called his office. &quot;I want slave 763389...my personal slave Alexa...found
  urgently. Use our contacts in NYPD. Check the hospitals too. This is top priority
  - understand? I want everybody available on this IMMEDIATELY!&quot; He thought
  furiously - Miller had excellent contacts with the various factions of the
  New York underworld. He would send for him from the Ranch. For all his faults,
  Miller was an excellent hunter and had tracked many new recruits for submission.  
*****  
Armando's hands shook as he ran his fingers through his thinning hair. The
  meeting with Alexa's 'owner' had upset him more than he realized. Oh Lucia,
  what should I do - call the cops? No, they might be a part of this 'Organization'
  - Alexa's story seemed so far-fetched at first but it all figured. That guy
  she called her master was obviously very powerful...and well connected. Well,
  Armando had connections of his own. He closed up Lucia's Kitchen and painfully
  hobbled several blocks to a bar. The arrogant youth blocking his path to the
  back room demanded to know his business. &quot;My business is with your boss,
  not with his hounds!&quot; The youth reacted angrily to the deliberate insult. &quot;Ya
  tell him Armando is calling in a favor. Tell him that Sergeant Forte is remembering
  1945 and a debt.&quot;  
The youth looked confused. &quot;If you think I'm gonna waste his valuable...&quot;  
&quot;Just tell him - is a FAMILY matter, okay? Ya boss's gonna be mighty
  pissed if ya DON'T tell him - CAPISCHE?&quot; Cheeky pup! Armando limped back
  to his apartment to wait.  
*****  
Zia shrieked again but not so strongly or for as long. Miller moved the prod
  back towards her breasts. She couldn't take much more - every time she fainted,
  he brought her round and continued the torture. The bitch kept on babbling
  away in her own tongue - she didn't know a word of English but he knew what
  she meant. The Afghani was screaming curses at him, screaming in pain, screaming
  for mercy...what the fuck did it matter what language she used. Miller liked
  a girl's screams - sort of an 'international language'! The tongs and pokers
  were heating nicely. She was just about softened up for the real fun - oh you're
  a clever bastard Mister Miller, make no mistake! Perfect timing as usual and
  not a mark on her yet...well, the cuffs had chafed her wrists and ankles until
  they bled but you can't have everything! He lazily moved the tip of the probe
  down between her shaking breasts, over her belly, and down to the top of her
  pussy lips. Hmmm, not quite full current, maybe we try a perfect 100 volts?  
&quot;AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
Oh yeah! How cute - the dirty fuckin Arab bitch's pissed herself! Naughty,
  naughty! He pressed the pointed terminals directly above and below Zia's clit
  and pushed down the red button on the prod. She bucked and jerked around so
  prettily! Oh well, nearly time for the first poker...  
&quot;Miller, man - what you doing down here with the new merchandise?&quot; One
  of the other guards was chuckling away as he took in the scene. &quot;Man -
  don't you ever take a break? The dodgers lucked out and you missed the game
  for this worthless piece of foreign tail?&quot;  
Miller was furious at the interruption. But he hid it well, as usual. &quot;Just
  keeping myself sharp - you should try it!&quot;  
&quot;Yeah well, you're needed in New York. Seems That English cunt everybody's
  got a sweep on has gone AWOL and the Head's wanting his property back - so
  the goddam bet's off. Seems its urgent - fuck knows why. I hear she's not THAT
  special, kinda plain and too small for fucking - bet you'd split her in two
  with that dick of yours, man.&quot; The guard stirred the glowing charcoal
  with a poker, making Zia squeal in horrified dread at the sound. &quot;I didn't
  know there were any sluts for torture. You're a selfish bastard - want me to
  finish them off for you?&quot; The guard was grinning at the prospect.  
&quot;Nah. Well, maybe the dark one but Blondie here belongs to the Senator
  now so I'd better just put her back in the pen.&quot; He smiled at the violently
  trembling Zia, cupping her breasts in his large hands. &quot;You can give this
  one the works. She went for the Senator's precious little fuck-toy until I
  dragged her off so she's got to be destroyed - give her the works mind but
  keep her alive as long as possible. Hey, bet you can't make her last the whole
  friggin' night!&quot;  
Guljana screamed and begged for mercy for poor Zia - this was so unfair!
  Miller had set up the fight, tricking Zia into the attack! &quot;Please, not
  right! She was do no wrong! Please NO!&quot; Zia was staring at her, imploring
  with terrified eyes. Guljana shook her head and wept, unable to help the girl.
  She didn't care that Zia had hurt her beyond belief in the cage - her attacker
  didn't deserve this cruelty!  
Miller unlocked the circular cage; pulled Guljana out by her hair then swiftly
  gagged her and cuffed her ankles. He threw her face down over his shoulder
  and started to leave. She squealed in pain as he forced a finger up her ravaged
  cunt. &quot;Gotta dash, sweets - duty calls! Let's put you back in your cell
  so you don't get into any more trouble. Pity we couldn't spend more time together
  - maybe next time, hmm?&quot; He winked at his colleague who was spreading
  Zia's buttocks while he aimed the tips of the cattle prod at her tight anus.
  There was a crackling noise then a satisfying shriek as he left the room. This
  was perfect! He'd get that little English cunt before her precious so-called
  'master' found her. Then they'd BOTH be sorry...  
*****  
Alexa kept very still. Where was she? The room was still spinning but her
  headache was mercifully getting better. She was lying on a bed in a corner
  of a small apartment. It was clean and tidy but very sparsely furnished. There
  were unfinished paintings leaning against the walls and artist's materials
  lying on a table. And there was a dull thudding noise coming from somewhere
  - it wasn't in her head, it was coming up through the floor. It was music -
  a disco? What was this place? Alexa slowly got up to explore and discovered
  a small bathroom. She relieved herself and looked in the mirror - what a sight!
  Her hand went to touch the back of her head. It was very tender but dry. Her
  hair was all crusted together. The door swung open and an olive-skinned girl
  in her early 20s entered. She was very pretty, with shoulder-length black hair
  tied back from her face. She was nearly naked, except for a black leather thong
  and platform thigh boots. Her body was covered with glitter and the front of
  her g-string was stuffed with money!  
Gina eyed the girl up and down then ignored her, pulling the wad of notes
  from her tiny costume. &quot;So ya finally woke up then - ya gonna tell me
  your name? I don't normally go around pickin' up sick girls ya know - ya owe
  me BIG time, sister!&quot;  
&quot;I...uhh, A-alexa - my name...&quot; Alexa couldn't help staring at
  the girl's bare, glittering breasts. &quot;Th-thank you for...how did I get
  here? I don't remember what happened.&quot;  
The dark beauty laughed and folded her arms across her chest. &quot;No wonder,
  after whatever gave ya that wound on ya head. I took ya here, ya were sorta
  half awake an' talking all sorts of rubbish! Kept goin' on an' on 'bout some
  guy called master Charles an' being sorry for letting him down!&quot;  
Alexa's heart sank. What else had she said - what had this girl heard? &quot;Uhh,
  I...&quot;  
&quot;Hey, don't worry - ya talked a whole loada crazy shit more but guess
  it was that crack on ya head did all the talkin'.&quot; She brushed past Alexa
  and brazenly peeled down her thong and unzipped her boots. &quot;Uhh, gawd
  - damn heels nearly gotten me killed on the damn stairs!&quot; Alexa gawped
  at this girl's utter drop-dead beauty. And she didn't even know her name! &quot;So,
  mystery-girl with ya cute husky voice an' ya outa-town accent, ya gonna tell
  me what went down, hon? Oh yeah - the name's Gina.&quot; She was brushing out
  her jet-black hair, casually standing totally nude in front of a long mirror.
  Alexa saw how the girl's pubic hair was neatly trimmed into a vertical line
  above her cunt. Alexa cleared her throat, wondering what she could say that
  this girl would believe. She decided to tell her the truth.  
*****  
Officer Martinez puzzled over the urgent fax to his precinct. The DA's office
  wanted every watch in the city alerted about a missing girl. They said she
  was a key witness to a major federal case and was in grave danger. He felt
  sure he'd seen her recently. But where? He scrutinized the mug shot and description,
  racking his brains as he mentally retraced the past few days...  
*****  
&quot;What this girl worth then? You want her real bad, Mister Miller, may
  cost much to find. She not look your type - hey, I get you real nice clean
  girl instead. Five thousand dollar to you Mister Miller, special price to you.&quot; The
  oriental smiled up at the familiar figure. Miller was one of their best buyers
  and he was always on the lookout for young, innocent produce. &quot;This one
  very nice, Mister Miller - she down in the cellar. She pretty red hair both
  top and bottom, very fresh not used - I check! You look then you buy - no worries&quot;  
Miller peered down at the offered Polaroid of a terrified girl kneeling and
  trying to hide her naked breasts. Hmmm - kinda cute, right enough! He sighed. &quot;Keep
  her for me - untouched, mind! I don't have time just now but I'll get her later
  so keep your stinkin' fingers off of her or there's no sale.&quot; He thrust
  the photo of Alexa back at China John. &quot;First we deal with the missing
  girl, you slit-eyed bastard. This cunt is loose in the city somewhere. There's
  a reward if you bring her in but ONLY to me and undamaged. This is urgent!&quot;  
China John pocketed the photo along with the picture of the new girl in the
  warehouse. Such a cute one - lost in Grand Central. Hunger and cold had driven
  her right into their hands. He looked slyly up at the large figure of Mister
  Miller. &quot;She must be very special - the cops wanting her too! She worth
  a lot to you...&quot;  
&quot;Fuckin' listen well, you crooked sonofabitch! Don't play games with
  me - just find her!&quot; He stormed out in a fury. That's the Yardies, the
  Cubans, the Yakuda and the Triad covered - just leaves the Russians...  
*****  
Alexa lowered her gaze, avoiding Gina's incredulous stare. She still didn't
  feel very well but at least her headache had mercifully eased. &quot;You probably
  don't believe me - I don't mind. It isn't important any more.&quot;  
The other girl just sat, barely moving. &quot;Hon, I don't know what to say.
  Ya gotta understand it's hard to take in! Ya got any proof?&quot;  
Alexa slowly nodded then stood. She began to loosen the front of her denim
  miniskirt. Without a word, she let it slip down her thighs to expose her belly.
  Gina let out a gasp as she was confronted by this mysterious girl's pierced
  clit, her smooth-shaven cunt, the faint white scars on either side of her abdomen,
  and...the brand! &quot;Geez! Uhhh, I never...&quot; Gina couldn't take her
  eyes away. &quot;Ya WAS telling the truth!&quot; Her practical nature took
  over. &quot;This all ya got - these clothes? Uhh, not even panties?&quot; Alexa
  shook her head. Gina ran her fingers through her long jet-black hair. If all
  she had been told was true, this girl was in desperate need of aid - and a
  source of extreme danger! Why in hell had she gone back to help her? &quot;Look
  - ya can't stay...&quot; Ohh shit, don't cry on me! &quot;...Ya can't stay
  for long - uhh when are ya goin' back to your, uhhh 'master'?&quot;  
&quot;T-tuesday!&quot;  
Hey, dry ya eyes! Ummm, when did ya last eat?&quot; Gina smiled and handed
  over a tissue. Fuck! I'm too fuckin' soft for my own good - gonna regret this!  
*****  
She could hear the men talking in the front seats. Something about 'target'
  and 'position'. Then something called 'yan-kis' and 'dojahs' but the words
  meant no sense. Guljana curled up in the small cage and tried to calm down.
  Her cuffs and ankles were closely fettered together and her mouth was plugged
  by a black ball gag on a leather strap. She had tried to reach the stiff buckle
  behind her neck but one of the men banged on the top of the wire cage, warning
  her to stop. Guljana was absolutely terrified. Almost as soon as that evil
  monster had returned her to the pens, she was hauled out and forced to shower.
  Dressed only in tiny shorts that rubbed uncomfortably between her thighs, she
  was fettered and gagged then carried over a strange man's shoulder only to
  be stuffed into this square cage in the back of a large car. She had wailed
  and begged for her Senate-master but they had ignored her useless crying and
  driven off at frightening speed. If she pressed and tilted her head up far
  enough, Guljana could see out the tinted rear window with one eye. The sight
  mesmerized and frightened her - many many cars, big roads, big buildings -
  was everything in America so big and noisy and fast? There was always a car
  behind with colored lights flashing on the top. Sometimes there were two of
  them. Where was she being taken? Was she going to be hurt and killed like poor
  Zia? Had the Senator changed his mind and decided to sell her? It was getting
  darker and Guljana was becoming more and more afraid.  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 12  
Why have we stopped - is this where they kill me? Guljana whimpered as she
  knelt in the wire cage and watched the opening tailgate of the vehicle in dread.
  The men were standing outside, smoking and talking. &quot;...Made good time
  on the freeway...cop escort makes all the difference...plenty of time..." She
  shrank back into the far corner as one of the men unlocked the cage. He just
  caught hold of her ankle cuffs and dragged her out into the pitch black. Under
  the glare of the red taillights, Guljana was made to pull down her shorts and
  squat. She peed miserably as they watched in silence. When she had finished
  and pulled up her shorts, the man who had forced her out of the cage loosened
  her ball gag and held a red tin to her lips. Before she could react, he yanked
  her head back by her ponytail and poured the sweet, funny-tasting liquid between
  her teeth. It was foaming in her mouth and throat! Guljana panicked, sneezed
  and spluttered as the bubbling fluid came back up her nose. He was laughing
  at her! &quot;Fucking heathen slut - doesn't even know how to drink a coke!&quot; The
  other man swore and ground the end of his cigarette under his heel. &quot;Hey
  Guy, how come this Arab fuck-slut didn't get shipped out to Camp J______ with
  the others instead of coming over here?&quot;  
&quot;Didn't you see that brand while she was peeing? This one's too special
  for those bastards. The Senator calls her his 'little key' - says she's a valuable
  asset. Besides, our military's 'guests' at D____ G_____ keep killing the toys
  the CIA send them in return for co-operating - seems they want white, western
  bitches to play with. A waste of perfectly good slaves if you ask me.&quot;  
Guljana miserably began to clamber into the back of the vehicle but the younger
  man intervened. &quot;Hey, not so fast! Where do you think you're going, bitch?&quot; He
  pulled her back by her ponytail and forced her cuffed wrists up and over her
  head. Guljana cried in misery as her handcuffs were padlocked to the rear of
  her collar. He caught hold of the sides of her nylon shorts and yanked them
  back down again past her knees.  
&quot;Ohh for Christ's sake, Pete - do you HAVE to fuck everything in reach?&quot; The
  other man, the one called Guy, was shaking his head in disgust. &quot;Just
  be quick. You'd better keep her clean and unmarked, mind.&quot;  
His colleague grinned and pulled the blanket out of Guljana's cage, spreading
  it so it hung over the edge of the tailgate. &quot;Might be my only chance
  with her if things don't work out tonight. Now, face down and spread, senate-slut!
  And I want to feel you tighten on me.&quot; Guljana sobbed in distress but
  knew better than to object. She bent forward, crushing her pierced and tender
  breasts against the covered floor of the 4x4 and opened her legs as far as
  the ankle cuffs would allow. She could only just touch the ground with the
  tips of her toes. &quot;Don't worry about leaking cum juices, fuck-slut - see
  how much I'm a gentleman? I'm using a rubber just to keep you nice and clean
  for your master!&quot; He pressed her belly down against the tailgate with
  one hand on the small of her back then, without any foreplay, began to deeply
  penetrate her cunt in one slow thrust.  
Guljana squealed in pain. &quot;N-not, p-please not, Mister! UUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
&quot;That's the spirit! Now come on, filthy foreign whore - SQUEEZE!&quot; Guljana
  cried and cried during the savage rape. She was still so sore after Zia had
  violated her with that huge dildo. This man was just using her like an animal
  and it hurt so badly! Every thrust jarred her insides and she felt like she
  was burning in her pussy whenever she clenched her pelvic floor muscles. It
  was a merciful relief when he pressed hard against her thighs, jamming her
  legs against the edge of the tailgate, and groaned in satisfaction. She just
  lay there with her legs dangling out the back of the vehicle, trying not to
  give him any more pleasure by seeing her tears. He swatted her hard on her
  ass, making her yelp then dragged her upright by her hair. &quot;Good little
  Arab cunt - that's all you heathen scum deserve. Now keep still while I get
  you ready for your big moment.&quot; As he wiped her face and mouth, Guljana
  anxiously wondered what was going to happen to her. He buckled the ball gag
  firmly behind her head again and freed her wrists from the back of her collar,
  only to lock them together again behind her back. He drew her shorts up to
  her knees, pausing to wipe her swollen cunt lips. Guljana waited for him to
  pull the shorts higher. But he was fetching something from the back of the
  4x4. She watched in growing horror when he began pulling open the two curved
  metal straps of the strange device. He was screwing something onto the inside
  of the longest strap. She began to cry in panic when he picked up a second
  object and started screwing it on next to the first - pointed metal rods! He
  stood in front of her shaking body and reached around her, swiftly locking
  the ends of the smaller metal band together at the front of her waist. Guljana
  shook her head urgently and tried to squeeze her thighs shut but was slapped
  on the side of her head, making her eyes swim in pain. &quot;Why you fucking
  disobedient brown-skinned bitch! I never ordered you to resist - we don't have
  time for games, little pain-slut!&quot; He grinned at her distress and pulled
  the horrible metal strap up between her legs, pausing only to check that the
  tip of each probe was in position and was pushing into her cunt and ass. Guljana
  writhed and screamed in agony and tried desperately to wriggle out of his grasp. &quot;Guy,
  can you hold our cargo a moment? I reckon she's not going to like this one
  little bit.&quot; She shrieked and jerked around as the other man came closer.  
&quot;Stop it, Pete - she's getting hysterical. You want to blow the whole
  mission? She doesn't need the dildoes - just the chastity belt on its own will
  do fine. I've told you before about going too far with the girls - if you overdo
  the punishments too early they get used up too quickly.&quot; Guljana sobbed
  with relief as her sullen-faced attacker removed the steel belt and unscrewed
  the harsh probes from the crotch strap. She stood still while it was re-fitted
  and her shorts were roughly tugged up. She was too weakened by her ordeal to
  resist as they bundled her back into the cage. They drove off again at speed
  into the darkness while she sobbed piteously for her Senate-Master to rescue
  her. When they stopped a second time, Guljana had no idea where they were or
  what time it was. It was pitch black. They pulled her out again but this time
  she was hooded and carried flopped down over one of the men's shoulders. There
  was a strange rushing sort of noise nearby that sounded like splashing water
  but it kept stopping and starting. Then they were inside some kind of building.
  She was made to kneel while her handcuffs were locked to her ankle cuffs then
  they left her alone. When the hood eventually came off, Guljana blinked painfully
  in the light. As her eyes adjusted, a familiar figure stroked her face - her
  Senate-master! &quot;Shh - there's no need to cry.&quot; He removed the ball
  gag and smiled as she tearfully kissed and licked his hand. &quot;I know I
  said it would be a week before we met but an opportunity presented itself that
  was too good to miss, my dear. You are going to meet a special person...and
  I hope you might help us change the course of history!&quot;  
Terrified and puzzled by words that she barely followed, Guljana whimpered
  urgently. She was so frightened she reverted to a garbled mixture of her native
  Pashtun dialect and broken English. &quot;Ohh I ams n-not to like this - I
  ams much to scares! P-please, my Senate-master, I ams hurt sore much in m-my
  pussy! A-and my sister, Alexa...much in big danger to her lifes f-from Mill...&quot;  
The man who had just raped her interrupted them. &quot;Five minutes, Mr Senator!&quot;  
Guljana sobbed in frustration as the gag was replaced and a blindfold strap
  was secured over her eyes. Then...silence! She could feel her heart thumping
  inside her chest. After an eternity, she heard a faint noise. Someone was coming
  closer! She jumped as fingers traced down her left shoulder, moved down her
  front and stroked her breasts. Guljana mewed fearfully when her shorts were
  tugged down her thighs. A finger slid under the front of her chastity belt,
  tugging it upwards as if testing the padlock at the waist! The ball gag was
  being unbuckled. As it was pulled out of her trembling mouth, something long,
  hard and metallic was forced between her lips. It was a kind of flat pipe -
  it tasted and smelled very unpleasant, like oil and matches. A hand grasped
  her ponytail making her keep her head straight. The tube was pushed deeper
  inside her throat and there was a soft clicking noise. A strange voice whispered
  in her ear. &quot;You are going to tell me who brought you - you will tell
  me now or I blow out the back of your head, understand?&quot;  
Guljana shook in terror, unable to speak. The Talib commander who had abducted
  her in Kandahar had put a gun in her mouth before making her suck him and his
  lieutenants. She knew she was moments from death! From behind, she heard the
  calm voice of her beloved Senate-master. &quot;Tell me, Major Yasov, Is this
  how a Russian greets his long-lost daughter?&quot;  
*****  
The animal groans of ecstasy through the car window distracted Gina from
  negotiating terms with the john. His eyes were locked on the taut zippered
  seam of her slick hotpants where it disappeared between her thighs. &quot;Uhh
  twenty by hand, fifty by mouth, a hundred for the real thing. An' I don't do
  no full sex without a condom - so don't bother askin', okay?&quot; She watched
  Alexa trotting back happily, clutching a handful of notes. Her client was still
  sighing in pleasure as he lay back in his vehicle. Alexa wiped her mouth with
  the back of her hand then gave all the money to a wide-eyed Gina.  
&quot;Fucking hell!&quot; Gina's client sniggered. &quot;I want what that
  other guy got - how much for your friend here?&quot;  
Gina scowled at him and grabbed Alexa's arm. &quot;Tough shit, buster - me
  an' my friend here's closed for business!&quot; She sauntered off, head aloof
  and gyrated her shiny ass provocatively at the disappointed john. &quot;You
  an' me need to have a lil' talk, sister!&quot;  
Alexa tentatively bit into the filled bagel then murmured with pleasure -
  it was lovely! &quot;Look, Alexa - ya gonna do me out of business, goin' down
  on the johns like that. They gonna get the idea every trick's as good! I tell
  ya, girl, I dunno what ya doin' with that sweet mouth of yours but I never
  heard so much groanin' by a john!&quot; Alexa looked down, unhappy she had
  caused her new friend any trouble. &quot;Hey, I'm kiddin' ya! But ya gonna
  have ta teach ME what to do!&quot; Gina grinned, shoving the roll of notes
  across the Diner's table. &quot;Ya sure know how ta make a buck, sister!&quot;  
Alexa stared down at the money. &quot;I...I don't want it - you have it,
  Gina. I only need a little for something to eat. I'll be going back to my master
  soon.&quot; She pushed the notes back to her stunned companion. &quot;Please,
  take it for your art classes. I-I think your paintings are really beautiful.&quot; She
  refused to change her mind; smiling and grinning all the way back to Gina's
  tiny apartment above the sex-bar. Gina also had a job there as pole dancer.
  She explained that it all helped to pay for her art school classes, her late
  brother's drug debt to the pushers, and her 'management fees' to the local
  Chicano gang. &quot;Much cheaper than a pimp,&quot; she had added. Alexa sat
  and watched the tiny television while Gina went downstairs for her shift in
  the exotic dance bar. She returned a few minutes later. &quot;Chantal's gone
  sick - there's only me an' the bar's full of customers. Big Louie wants ta
  know if ya can dance!&quot;  
&quot;Uhhh, m-me?&quot; Alexa gulped and looked down at her clothes. &quot;I...err,
  y-yes I was trained by my first master but I don't have anything to wear. And
  I'm not pretty like you - are you sure he wants me?&quot;  
Gina snorted. &quot;Ya look okay ta me! Chantal's not much taller so ya can
  use her stuff!&quot; By the time she was dressed in the skimpy gold vinyl playsuit
  and made up, the regulars crowded against the elevated stage were grumbling
  about the lengthy delay. Gina immediately stepped up and began to gyrate in
  time to the heavy disco beat before swinging expertly around the pole. Her
  long jet hair swept inches above the stage. Alexa was mesmerized by Gina's
  dazzling athletic routine - she was so lithe, so supple! After about fifteen
  minutes, she was glistening with exertion and smiled while the customers stuffed
  bills down the front of her tiny briefs. She clambered down and looked at Alexa
  expectantly. &quot;Well, whadya waiting for? I got them all fired up for ya!&quot;  
Alexa swallowed nervously and looked around the smoke-hazed bar. A sea of
  expectant faces stared back. She managed to climb up to the raised stage, despite
  the very high heels of the metallic gold thigh boots she had borrowed. The
  boots were a few sizes too big so Gina had stuffed the pointed toes with tissues.
  The man Gina called Big Louie winked and gave her a thumbs-up sign. The music
  had thankfully slowed to a hypnotic, sensual rhythm. Alexa took a deep breath
  and tried to imagine her Master was watching - she would dance for Master Charles.
  She gently trailed her golden-gloved fingers down the shiny chrome. As she
  leaned closer and twisted her head to one side, she closed her eyes in reverent
  rapture. There was a collective groan from the audience when she began licking
  the exact spot where Gina's crotch had ground itself against the metal surface.
  Alexa stroked and fondled the pole as if it were her lover's cock. She kissed
  it sensuously. In her mind, there was only her and the pole. All conversation
  in the bar had ceased. Alexa did not notice - she was rubbing her damp, plastic-covered
  cunt against the base of the pole, slowly working herself into a state of pre-orgasmic
  frenzy. She groaned softly, pulled herself upright and wrapped herself around
  the shiny rod, shimmying up to the ceiling. Alexa threw back her head, stretched
  her legs wide apart and slowly spiraled down to the stage, making the thin
  strip of glistening fabric at her crotch squeak as it was dragged between her
  pouting labia. Someone dropped a glass but she barely heard it shatter. Her
  movements became more intense, more rapturous. Alexa had the strangest feeling,
  as if she was being coached by her first master, Stephen - it was as if he
  was somehow there in the bar looking down at her, encouraging her to perform
  for him. She could even hear his voice...'Arch and thrust! Get those shoulders
  off the floor slave! That's it! Harder, girl - HARDER!'...The first orgasm
  shuddered through her body. Moments later, a second stronger spasm made her
  gasp. The transfixed watchers quietly gasped too. Alexa arched her back with
  kneeling thighs astride the pole until her loose hair trailed on the stage.
  She rubbed her crotch urgently against the metal shaft. The music had died
  away but she kept going - only her soft throaty cries remained in the completely
  silent bar. They seemed almost mournful to the fascinated onlookers, like this
  girl was crying out in a peculiar blend of lust and grief. &quot;Uuuuuhhh....UUUUUHHHHHH....OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;  
The stunned silence was shattered moments later by big Louie clapping his
  bear-like hands together. The bar echoed with whistling and thunderous applause.
  Alexa lay on her back, utterly spent by her efforts, and watched in tearful
  wonder while dollar bills were thrust into the tops of her boots, inside her
  playsuit, and into her gloved hands! Nobody noticed the small man in the booth
  talking into his mobile phone. Nobody heard him say the few words that would
  put her life in jeopardy.....&quot;Yeah, I think I've found her!&quot;  
*****  
&quot;You ask too much - this is beyond me!&quot;  
&quot;Marco, she is like family to me! Do this for the memory of your cousin,
  Lucia.&quot; Armando waited anxiously for his guest's reply.  
&quot;Hmm...Family, you say? This girl is THAT special to you?&quot; The
  well-dressed old man sighed. &quot;If I did not know you to be a man of honor
  - and if I did not owe you my life, I would turn away. Armando - she may be
  dead...and there are,&quot; he paused and leaned forward to whisper, &quot;important
  people badly wanting this Alexa of yours - very powerful people!&quot;  
&quot;Marco, do not make me beg!&quot;  
&quot;Si, bene - I do what I can, only do not hope for miracles.&quot; Armando's
  guest stood up. His armed escort stood too. &quot;I do this for Lucia - and
  for you saving my life.&quot;  
Armando sat in silence with the lights off for a long time after they had
  gone. If the Family couldn't find his little angel, then she might never be
  found...  
*****  
Master Charles was finding it difficult to concentrate. The Council was debating
  yet another proposed slave exchange with their Russian counterparts - a consignment
  of fresh, unused illegal immigrant Puerto Rican girls for the same number of
  clean young 'revolutionary terrorists' from Chechnya. But Yasov had consistently
  vetoed every approach so far. However, things might change if the Senator's
  plan worked. He sighed - all this talk of quotas and the potentially renewed
  exports from Baghdad just didn't seem so important. Why hadn't Miller reported
  back yet? There was something not right about his attitude - the man seemed
  too eager to track Alexa, as if he was secretly delighted she was missing.
  Damn the girl - where was she? Alexa should be kneeling at his side, naked
  and chained - not lost and possibly injured in New York. Master Charles caught
  the eye of the Deputy President's slave who sat at her master's feet. She quickly
  cast her eyes down to the report on her knees when her leash chain was sharply
  tugged but it was obvious she knew about Alexa. It was her tiny smile of pity
  and the concern on her face - that was what bothered him most. He picked up
  the latest report on the increasing death rate caused by HET. Thank goodness
  his little Alexa had been properly sterilized by her first master and only
  required the lower doses of sex hormones. But the slow-release implant in her
  arm would need replacing soon. He frowned and shook his head. Damn! Why can't
  I get this creature out of my mind?  
*****  
&quot;Wow! That was amazin' - ya bowled 'em over!&quot; Gina gazed in awe
  at Alexa who looked away, acutely embarrassed by the praise. &quot;Hey, hey!
  Don't be shy - they LOVED ya!&quot; Both girls were glistening with sweat after
  their exertions - they had taken turns on the pole and finished with a raunchy
  duet, which brought the house down. Big Louie had beamed and crushed Alexa
  in an embrace that nearly winded her while her feet dangled off the floor.
  Gina reached out to twine her fingers with Alexa's. &quot;Look at all this
  dough!&quot; She held up a thick bundle of notes. &quot;Ya gotta take a fair
  share - I can't keep it, it aint fair!&quot; Alexa just smiled and shook her
  head. There was an awkward pause as they leaned against the wall in the corridor
  behind the bar. &quot;Uhhh, time to get showered...&quot;  
For some reason, Alexa just couldn't look Gina in the eye. &quot;Y-yes.&quot; She
  whispered like a shy child.  
&quot;Ummm...we could, uhh yanno, save on hot water - if we, yanno, if we
  showered...together?&quot;  
Alexa wiped a tear from her eye and smiled at Gina. &quot;Y-yes, we...we
  could.&quot;  
&quot;Err, are ya...okay about that then?&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; Alexa put her gloved hands around Gina's waist and whispered. &quot;I'd
  like that very much!&quot; They undressed each other. Gina was so tender, so
  gentle that Alexa burst into tears, alarming the girl. &quot;No, no - I'm okay,
  I'm so happy!&quot; Their lips met. Alexa moaned in delight and relief as Gina's
  questing tongue darted inside her mouth and rubbed behind her teeth. They barely
  made it to the shower. Their lovemaking was slow, exquisite and intense. Alexa
  moaned rapturously and thrust against Gina's soapy fingers as they sought out
  the tiny ring through her swollen clit. They brought each other to orgasm quickly,
  and then moved to the bed without drying properly. When the second orgasm rushed
  through her quivering body, her joy was so overwhelming she had to bury her
  face in Gina's shoulder to stifle her screams. She licked and kissed Gina's
  hardened nipples, making the Latino girl gasp. Alexa moved further down, teasing
  Gina's belly piercing with the tip of her tongue. She turned around, rubbing
  her mouth lightly against her lover's soft belly as she approached her sex.
  Gina helped her climb over until her knees were on either side of the Latino
  beauty's chest. &quot;Uhhh, Geez! Ya gonna drive me fuckin' crazy, lover-girl!&quot; Alexa
  smiled then put her hands under Gina's shaking thighs and gently blew over
  her moist cunt lips. Using her fingers, Alexa teased the soft folds apart and
  lapped with her whole tongue along the length of Gina's sweet cleft. Gina's
  thighs squeezed against her head - she was lifted up as her lover arched in
  reaction to the incredible sensations in her belly. Alexa squirmed with pleasure
  as her own clit ring was gently tugged by her lover's teeth. Their bodies locked
  in sensual embrace, knowing - as only females do - exactly what the other needed.
  She had missed 'slave-play' with the other girls more than she realized. It
  made her yearn to be back at Master Charles' feet. Soon, soon...  
Outside, a van with darkened windows drew up opposite the exotic bar. The
  driver looked up at the lighted apartment window then turned around to check
  on the heavily sedated young girl lying in chains on the bare, metal floor.
  With a gleam of triumph, he turned on the engine and drove off in the direction
  of Little Italy...  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 13  
Ohh, how she had dreamed of this moment - of hunting him down and exacting
  revenge. She had rehearsed every insult and curse before she would kill the
  vile monster that had ruined her family's lives and forcibly created her own
  miserable existence. But this was all wrong! Guljana was chained and helpless
  - her mother's rapist had the barrel of a gun deep inside her mouth! And then
  he said something that hit her like a blow to the stomach...  
&quot;Guljana? My little Guli?&quot;  
How did he know her name? And her pet name too - only her mother and grandfather
  had called her Guli! She let out a howl of anguish and despair. AIIIIIEEEE!!!!
  I am going mad! Her body was suddenly racked with huge sobs, hurting her chest
  as she gasped for air. The gun had been pulled out of her mouth. She was being
  held tightly against the man's, no - her FATHER'S chest. He was whispering
  - was he crying too? She couldn't understand what he was saying - it wasn't
  English words. He was loosening her blindfold. She blinked through her tears
  and squinted in the bright light. A man's handsome face came into view - younger
  than her Senate-master, fair-haired, piercing blue eyes...and he was smiling
  sadly down at her!  
*****  
&quot;Whadya mean, you're here to collect her things?&quot; Armando suspiciously
  eyed the grinning stranger. &quot;Didn't her 'master' tell ya? Alexa never
  came back here.&quot;  
The large visitor had his hands spread wide as he advanced closer. &quot;You
  might have missed something - a clue in her belongings. Are they here or upstairs?&quot; Miller
  loved this bit. The look in their faces as panic set in - their fear was addictive,
  like the best drug in the world! &quot;Maybe there's something you forgot to
  tell us - I can help you remember.&quot; His hand shot out and he caught Armando's
  throat in a vice-like grip. &quot;The little bitch isn't here to save you now,
  old man. But you don't need to worry about Zeko coming back - he's taken a
  long swim after our little chat!&quot; He squeezed harder. &quot;Now then,
  old timer, about her stuff...&quot;  
*****  
Alexa woke with a dreadful feeling in the pit of her stomach. She always
  had vivid, frightening dreams but the images that jolted her out of sleep had
  made her cry out in terror. She had been stuck somehow, hanging on to the edge
  of a cliff and her fingers couldn't grip any longer! And there had been someone
  or something above her while she struggled to survive - watching but not helping.
  it was still dark in the tiny apartment. Gina was lying on her side with her
  loose hair covering her face. Alexa lay back down next to the naked beauty
  and stared at the colored lights that reflected from the ceiling. The glowing
  neon sign of the exotic bar beneath Gina's flat was almost comforting. Alexa
  feared the dark almost as much as she feared heights. It would soon be time
  to return to her master. Alexa had never thought of not going back - she was
  pining for the security of being a slave. The outside world was exciting but
  too scary. And she had been so, so lonely since her release. &quot;Uhh, whadya
  doin' awake at this hour?&quot; Gina mumbled and put her arm over Alexa's body.
  They curled together like spoons with Alexa cradled on the inside. Gina's naked
  body was warm, soft, and inviting. But Alexa knew it was not enough for her.  
*****  
&quot;What have you done with my men?&quot; Major Yasov calmly pointed his
  gun at the Senator while his other hand stroked the sobbing girl's hair. &quot;I
  am very tempted to shoot you, you know.&quot;  
&quot;Oleg, Oleg - that isn't necessary! Your men are quite safe. If you
  will please put that damn weapon away, we can all relax. After all, there is
  a marksman trained on you even as we speak.&quot; The Senator smiled as his
  opponent sighed and put the safety catch on, returning the black pistol inside
  his pocket. &quot;We have so much to discuss, my friend. And I suspect you
  two have some catching up to do, hmm?&quot;  
Yasov wiped the tears from his daughter's cheeks. &quot;I want these things
  off her - NOW!&quot; He caught the tossed key in mid-air and swiftly unlocked
  Guljana's wrist and ankle cuffs. She hid her face in shame while her father
  removed the chastity belt - he would see her naked! &quot;Guli, keep still.&quot; Seconds
  later, the belt was off and she was exposed. Yasov frowned in dismay at her
  feeble attempts to cover her ringed nipples and shaven cunt. &quot;You BRANDED
  her - why, why have you done this to my only daughter?&quot;  
The Senator held out a hand in apology. &quot;Oleg, we didn't know who she
  was. By the time I discovered her identity, it was too late. She is now my
  slave.&quot;  
&quot;YOURS?&quot; Guljana flinched at her father's raised voice. &quot;Leave
  us!&quot;  
The Senator stood his ground. &quot;You won't harm her?&quot;  
Yasov's voice dropped to a whisper. &quot;Leave
  us - please!&quot; He stroked Guljana's long hair. &quot;We have much to discuss.&quot;  
When they were alone together, Guljana finally summoned
  enough courage to speak. &quot;I should be t-to hates you for rapes m-my umma....b-but
  I do nots!&quot; She caught the sweatshirt he tossed at her.  
&quot;Cover yourself, Guli!&quot; Yasov turned away
  while she tugged up her shorts and pulled the sweatshirt down to hide her breasts.
  He sighed, ran his fingers through his hair and wondered how to explain things.  
&quot;You calls me Guli - y-you knows m-my name!
  But I n-not know hows you can....&quot;  
&quot;I did rape her, yes. The first time it WAS
  rape.&quot;  
She was shocked. &quot;F-first time?&quot; Very
  slowly, very gently and using the simplest words possible Oleg Yasov told his
  enslaved daughter the shocking truth. He was a Captain in Army Intelligence
  then and had gone with a unit to quell a riot in a village outside Kandahar.
  The crowd had been whipped into a religious frenzy and was dragging along a
  young woman accused of witchcraft to be stoned to death. Her crime? She had
  saved a dying infant from a raging fever by herbal potions. But this had been
  after a local Mullah had declared that the baby's illness and imminent death
  was the will of Allah. It was too late to save the child - her throat had been
  cut by her father, horrified that his offspring now bore the mark of Shaitan.
  Young Captain Yasov had fired his pistol in the air to stop the mob. He had
  looked down at the semi-nude, desperate Afghani girl who knelt in the dirt.
  She was cut and bruised and had been bound in rough twine. Despite the trickle
  of blood from her lip and her tear-streaked face, he could see she was very
  terrified...and very pretty. Yasov's life changed in that moment - he had the
  girl, Zahida, arrested on suspicion for spying for the Mujihadeen. She was
  dragged off between two soldiers, leaving the sullen crowd in utter confusion.
  How could she be a witch AND a freedom fighter? Had they misjudged her?  
Yasov watched his daughter tremble as she tried
  to take in his words. &quot;I interrogated your mother - I had her whipped
  and then tortured with electric shocks. I raped her and took her virginity
  while she was chained up by her wrists. I did all these things to your mother
  - to your 'umma'.&quot; He paused while Guljana sobbed. &quot;I ordered her
  to be released in the morning, to be thrown in the gutter...and then she thanked
  me! Your mother - my dear, sweet Zahida - fell on her knees and thanked ME
  for saving her life!&quot; Guljana looked up, gasping in amazement at her father's
  words. &quot;I...I had her arrested again the next day. This time we...&quot; He
  went silent, as if wondering what to tell her. &quot;Guli, your mother and
  I...we became lovers - I gave her money to raise you. I tried to come back
  for you both but the war...&quot;  
Silent tears dripped from Guljana's face on to her
  thighs. The man she had hated for so long had loved her mother! Things began
  to slot into place - the money that arrived every month from the distant relative
  in the North! &quot;A-are you 'Uncle Kashar'?&quot; He nodded and she burst
  into fresh tears.  
The Senator had been listening in the doorway. He
  cleared his throat. &quot;Oleg, your men have been freed and re-armed. I've
  sent for food - we really need to talk about the Disarmament Treaty. Our mutual
  enemies are laughing while both our governments argue!&quot;  
*****  
&quot;What do you mean, nothing?&quot; Master Charles
  was exasperated. Every hospital, clinic and treatment center had been scoured
  for any sign of his slave. He paced up and down in his suite. This is ridiculous
  - I can't just sit here and do nothing! He went down to the training cells
  and spoke to the duty guard. &quot;Well, what have we got?&quot;  
&quot;Err...two for hard punishment, Sir. Oh, and
  a new recruit - a 'thank you' gift from the Chinese Ambassador, I think.&quot;  
Master Charles gave a tight smile. This was just
  what he needed to take his mind off Alexa. &quot;How considerate of his excellency
  - he must have enjoyed his wife's birthday gift! May I see her profile?&quot; He
  nodded as he accepted the clipboard. The shocked face of an exquisite young
  Chinese woman stared back. According to the accompanying notes, the girl, Liu
  D______, had just been sentenced to death by a Chinese court for killing and
  dismembering a love rival when the picture was taken. But instead of vivisection
  and the harvesting her organs in reparation for her 'crimes against the people',
  she had woken from the prison anesthetic in a flight case marked 'Diplomatic
  Baggage of the People's Republic of China' half-way across the Pacific Ocean
  . Drugged, chained and hooded, she had been delivered into the Organization's
  hands. Her med and psych profiles were absolutely excellent! Master Charles
  scanned through the remaining notes on this oriental prize. &quot;How far has
  her breaking gone?&quot; He looked through the two-way mirror. The naked creature
  was twisting in her harness above a pool of urine. Every few seconds, a severe
  shock ravaged her penetrated cunt and anus, making her limp body jerk and thrash
  around in erotic agony. &quot;When did you start taming her?&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Sir, I'm not rightly sure - I've only
  been on shift for a couple of hours and she was already hooked up. The last
  guy on duty processed her arrival some time this morning. She's stopped screaming
  though.&quot; The guard shrugged apologetically and continued. &quot;You want
  me to increase the voltage?&quot;  
Master Charles watched how the girl silently rolled
  her head in pain and despair. The chain stretching down from her ankle cuffs
  stopped her from pulling up her legs. Every time the current surged through
  the girl's body, her body stiffened and her toes curled as she cruelly hovered
  on the brink of orgasm. She whimpered past her ball gag in dreadful torment
  and anguish. &quot;No, I believe we have made our point. Please take her down,
  clean her and place her in one of the exercise cells. I will take personal
  charge of her submission. Oh, and Vince?&quot; The guard looked up, flattered
  that the Head of Security actually knew his first name. &quot;Fifty dollars
  says she will collar herself - interested?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah - its worth losing just to watch!&quot; The
  guard grinned as Master Charles left then he turned back to observe the Chinese
  girl going rigid again in extreme sexual pain. He turned a dial to extend the
  length of each shock. &quot;You can just dance a while longer, sweetheart -
  I'm on my coffee break and you aint going nowhere!&quot;  
*****  
Thick, black smoke poured out from the heat-shattered
  windows of Lucia's Kitchen. Miller whistled softly as a loud bang echoed through
  the neighborhood. Must've been the gas supply. God, how the old man had fought
  back - Miller nursed his scratched hand and chuckled at the memory of his victim's
  screams of pain as his face was held against the hotplate. Just as well he
  didn't know much Italian - it sure didn't sound like compliments! Miller liked
  a good fire - perfect for cleaning up all traces. The cops would think the
  old man had collapsed on top of his cooker. He hung around long enough to watch
  the local people desperately trying to put out the fire that had begun to engulf
  the whole apartment block. He grinned and set off back in the direction of
  the Exotic Bar - soon be time to collect his prize! Over the distant wail of
  approaching sirens, he could just make out the frantic screams of a woman searching
  for her child.  
*****  
Liu kept her face to the wall. The cell door clicked
  shut. &quot;What is it like to come back from the dead?&quot; Liu did not respond
  to the stranger's question. She shuddered as the flashbacks that would haunt
  her forever filled her mind...the last phone call she was allowed by the prison
  governor - she had called her brother but he wouldn't let her speak to her
  parents. He had put the phone down on her...being force-marched from her solitary
  cell down the corridor with her arms twisted up her back...being taken to the
  hospital wing and strapped on the operating bench with a needle stuck in her
  arm, like an animal being put down...hearing their voices talking about kidneys,
  corneas, and hearts...begging for mercy as she began to go under... And she
  hadn't even done what they said! Liu hadn't killed anyone - she had spurned
  the drunken advances of a district Party Official's son. He had falsely accused
  her of killing the woman in a fit of jealousy but she didn't do it!  
The man's patient, soft voice came back. &quot;I
  know you can understand what I'm saying, Liu. You are fluent in English, aren't
  you?&quot;  
She couldn't look at him, couldn't turn and show
  him her naked body. But she managed a tiny whispered &quot;y-yes.&quot; Something
  scraped across the floor as it skidded to a stop by her bare thigh. Liu forced
  herself to look- a steel collar!  
&quot;Listen to me, Liu,&quot; the calm voice continued &quot;I
  can force that round your neck and you would fight against it forever. But
  I don't need to do that, do I?&quot;  
Liu gingerly reached out and dared to touch the
  hard steel with her fingertips. &quot;N-no.&quot; Tears brimmed in her eyes.
  An aching sob threatened to escape from her throat.  
&quot;And I know you are a highly intelligent, beautiful
  young woman. You did not deserve to die did you?&quot;  
He knew! This man with the North American accent
  knew! &quot;I d-didn't k-kill...&quot;  
&quot;Liu, that is all over now. Time to begin your
  new life - put the collar round your throat, my dear Liu.&quot; He kept his
  voice steady, knowing this was a critical moment for her. If she was panicked
  now, she would not submit fully without severe breaking. Master Charles saw
  no reason to prolong her pain. And she had suffered so much already. He kept
  perfectly still and waited while she picked up the collar and raised it towards
  her throat.  
Liu paused with the curved ends pressing against
  the sides of her neck. &quot;I-I can't!&quot;  
&quot;Yes you can, Liu - you must lock it yourself.
  Bring yourself back to life, little slave!&quot;  
The word 'slave' rang in her ears. Liu gave a tiny,
  heartfelt moan and slid the band round her throat. With trembling hands, she
  began to push the ends together. There was a soft, imperceptible click. Liu,
  a new slave, began to weep anew. Master Charles still did not move. She had
  to cry now - she must be allowed to grieve for herself, and to savor the conflicting
  emotions he knew were racing around inside her head. Such a strange contradiction
  - Liu would be reeling from the shock of discovering that she felt free, despite
  the unyielding collar that marked her as property. Master Charles sighed. My
  little Alexa - come back to me!  
*****  
Next morning, Miller slowly drew up at the end of
  the alley. There she is! That stupid little English cunt was actually coming
  over. This was so fuckin' easy! Open the door, steady, STEADY...  
Alexa's face fell as she realized who was beckoning
  her into the van. She looked back at Gina - she wanted to run, to get away
  from this horribly cruel guard but he had obviously come to take her back to
  her master. Gina sensed something was terribly wrong. She began to walk towards
  her friend. &quot;Hey, Lex hon - ya gotta problem with this guy?&quot; But
  Alexa had shook her head sadly and begun to climb into the front of the van.
  Gina stared in horror as the driver suddenly dragged Alexa in by her hair and
  felled her with the side of his hand against her throat! &quot;Hey, HEY!&quot; But
  the van had sped off with the slumped body of her lover collapsed against the
  side window. Gina screamed &quot;LEX - OHH, SWEET JESUS!&quot;  
*****  
Guljana was being ignored. She curled up in a corner
  and tried to follow the complicated debate about warheads, missiles and numbers
  of aircraft. Men came and left, hardly paying her any attention. It was getting
  lighter. Guljana got on her knees and peered out of the window in boredom.
  Her sudden cry disturbed both the Senator and her father. &quot;What is the
  matter, Guljana - what's wrong?&quot;  
She was trembling violently and had covered her
  shocked mouth with both hands. &quot;Guli, child - tell us what has upset you.&quot; Her
  father came nearer, concerned that she seemed unable to speak.  
A quavering hand pointed towards the beach and the
  crashing surf. &quot;I-is the w-water...is that, uhhh...w-what...&quot;  
Her master chuckled. &quot;Ah, of course! It is
  the sea, Guljana - the Atlantic Ocean.&quot; He idly stroked her head as she
  knelt, awe-struck by her first glimpse of the impossibly wide stretch of water. &quot;C-can
  I touch it? Is it allow? Please, my Senate-master!&quot;  
Her pleading eyes were child-like. &quot;Of course
  you may - Guy, go with her please.&quot; The Senator and Major Yasov ignored
  the arguments about proportional disarmament coming from behind them. They
  watched in fascination as the beautiful young slave edged closer towards the
  lapping waves. She was entranced - as were they with her. She was soon dancing
  and jumping with joy, daring the water to catch her as it roared onto the sand.  
Major Yasov sighed. &quot;You...can not keep her,
  you know. My daughter can not be your slave.&quot;  
The Senator remained silent for several minutes
  while he watched his 'precious jewel' play at the ocean's edge. &quot;It is
  too late to free her now.&quot; He suddenly felt very sad. Picking up a radio,
  he called down to Guy. &quot;Please will you...attend to Guljana. Let her play
  a little longer, Guy. Then make it quick - don't let her suffer.&quot;  
He was calling her back from the water. Guljana
  ran immediately and knelt in front of the guard called Guy, waiting for his
  orders. He was screwing something long on the end of his gun. She felt a single
  tear trickle down her cheek. &quot;Kid, turn around and stay still - don't
  worry, it will all be over before you feel anything.&quot; Turning, she looked
  down at the golden sand in front of her knees. He was standing very close behind
  her.  
&quot;Please, Mister Guy - before you...please I
  c-can write a thing with my f-finger?&quot;  
He released the safety catch and pointed the silencer
  towards the base of her head. &quot;Sure, kid - you go ahead.&quot; He took
  careful aim. She didn't make a noise, just leaned forward and wrote &quot;G-u-l-j-a-n-a&quot;.
  Weeping silently, she began to write a second name.  
The two men watched with heavy hearts as the pathetic
  scene unfolded near the shore. What was Guy waiting for? The Senator picked
  up the radio. &quot;Guy? What's...Guljana&quot; he could hardly bear to say
  her name, &quot;...what is the problem?&quot;  
Guy's voice was steady. &quot;She just asked to
  write her name in the sand, Sir. And she's writing something else.&quot; He
  began to spell it over the radio. &quot;Z-a-h-i-d-a&quot;  
Major Yasov snatched the radio from the Senator
  and yelled urgently. &quot;Guy, stop!&quot; But all he heard in reply was a
  short, sharp hiss. He stared in horror as the body of his newly found daughter
  crumpled forward on to the sand.  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 14  
Oh great - that's all we need! Officer Martinez rolled his eyes in despair
  as the screeching female voice at the front desk yelled out his name. The duty
  sergeant shrugged apologetically. &quot;This stoopid hooker won't talk to nobody
  but you, Mike. Says she don't trust nobody else!&quot;  
Officer Martisnez sighed. It had been a long shift and all he wanted was
  an iced Bud in his favorite bar with the rest of the guys. All hell had let
  loose in the precinct with that fire in Little Italy - at least eighteen dead,
  several of them just little kids. And then Don Marco had personally turned
  up at the scene! He'd just ignored the police cordon and marched right up to
  the fire chief, demanding to know if it was deliberate. Seemed like the old
  guy who owned the basement bistro where it started was a relative -and that
  spelled bad trouble. But who in their right minds would be crazy enough or
  big enough to provoke the Family on its own turf? Jeez, how he needed that
  beer! He made himself pay more attention to the hollering girl, then rushed
  past the desk in genuine concern. &quot;Gina? Gina, what's wrong - you look
  scared shitless!&quot; He gently led the sobbing girl into a side room, and
  studiously ignored her stunning beauty. God, those hot pants are sooo fuckin'
  tight...  
The whole story was stammered out - one of her hooker friends had just been
  violently abducted by a john. She calmed down sufficiently to describe the
  location, the van and what she could see of the driver. &quot;Okay, Gina -
  now tell me what your friend looks like.&quot;  
&quot;Uh, she..." Officer Martinez waited but the girl didn't continue -
  she just sat there staring at the notice board behind his shoulder. He turned
  round to see what had distracted her. &quot;Ohh, Jesu-Maria - its LEX! Oh sweet
  Jesus!&quot; She was pointing hysterically at the poster of the missing witness
  faxed by the DA's office downtown. &quot;That's HER!&quot;  
*****  
Her ear felt as if it was on fire. Guljana blinked in confusion and tried
  to make sense of the horizon - the clear, blue sky was going from top to bottom
  and her face was being pressed into the golden sand. The man called Guy was
  holding something against the side of her head. She tried to get up. &quot;Take
  it easy, kid - don't want you fainting again.&quot; The pressure on her sore
  ear lifted. He helped her upright and gave her a bloodstained tissue. &quot;Keep
  this over the wound, kid. Don't worry - the bullet only grazed you. You'll
  be just as pretty as before.&quot;  
Guljana sat very still. She felt numb. &quot;Y-you miss me.&quot; She felt
  stupid, realizing she had stated the obvious. &quot;You do not k-kill...w-why
  you m-miss?&quot;  
The man called Guy smiled. &quot;Look kid, I never miss.&quot; He paused
  and searched her shocked face. &quot;As to why - seems you upset that Russian
  major big time with what you wrote. Just as well you used English, kid - you're
  one helluva lucky slave! You okay to stand, kid? Come on, let's get back inside.&quot; He
  helped the young slave up. She was far too quiet - not even any tears. Guy
  knew she would need to be watched closely after what had just happened. She
  made no attempt to resist his strong grip on her left wrist and held the tissue
  over her aching right ear while he led her back up to the isolated beach house.
  She soon found herself sitting back in the same corner as before her near-execution,
  as though nothing important had occurred. Her father had briefly looked up,
  satisfied himself that she wasn't seriously injured, then returned his attention
  to the draft treaty arrangements being thrashed out amidst the coffee cups
  and fast food. Her beloved Senate-master had smiled and nodded encouragingly
  at her but had not even left his seat. Guljana felt so strange. Guy came across,
  mussed her hair like a pet animal, and placed a triangular-shaped piece of
  warm bread in her hand. It was covered with cheese, round pieces of spiced
  meat, and a thick, red sauce. She woodenly lifted it to her trembling mouth.
  The pointy bread tasted so strange - a kind of fruity, savory flavor. Her shaking
  was getting worse. She stopped chewing - she couldn't swallow. The bread fell
  from her limp hands and she gave out a tiny mewing sound. &quot;Kid? You okay
  there?&quot; The man called Guy came into view but Guljana did not focus on
  him. She began to hyperventilate. &quot;Hey! Come on there, kid..." Guy gently
  lifted her slack head up with his hand under her chin and examined her glazed
  eyes. He called loudly over the noisy debate. &quot;We need some help over
  here! MISTER SENATOR?&quot;  
Both Guljana's father and her Master rushed across. Major Yasov reached her
  first. &quot;Guli? Child - can you hear me?&quot; Her whole body was shaking
  violently now. She looked around vacantly in absolute panic, trying to catch
  her breath.  
The Senator knelt down and took her hand. &quot;Is it shock - delayed shock?&quot;  
But Guy shook his head. &quot;No sir, its more than shock - seen this once
  before at the Ranch.&quot; He looked grimly at the Senator. &quot;She's going
  into 'slave-drop', Sir.&quot; He scooped Guljana up into his arms. &quot;Its
  very rare - and it'll make or break her. Got to move fast before she goes too
  deep or she'll never come out of it! She has to be stripped and fully restrained
  for this to work!&quot;  
Major Yasov swept all the papers and food off the nearby table, not caring
  about the mess as coffee cups and pizza crashed to the floor. &quot;We too
  have seen this in our pleasure-prisoners sometimes. It can make a girl useless!&quot; He
  helped Guy place Guljana in the center of the table and signaled one of his
  men over. &quot;Yuri will assist you - he has much experience with hard training
  of girls!&quot; The heavily-built Russian grinned then flipped Guljana face
  down and pinned her wrists above her head with one large hand while Guy held
  her ankles. Slipping a long, slim knife out of his jacket, Yuri deftly slit
  the sides of Guljana's shorts apart then sliced down the back of her top as
  if it was paper. The blade was a blur as it slid through both sleeves of her
  ruined sweatshirt - in less than a minute, Guljana was stripped naked.  
The Senator peered anxiously at Guljana's violently trembling body. &quot;Will
  somebody PLEASE tell me what's going on?&quot;  
Major Yasov barked at Guy. &quot;You have suitable restraints, yes?&quot; Guy
  nodded at Pete, the guard who had brutalized Guljana on the way to the meeting. &quot;Well,
  fetch them quickly - and any other items you carry to subdue a girl!&quot; He
  barked at another Russian who dashed out for the same reason as the American
  guard. Then Major Yasov walked towards the door, putting his arm around the
  Senator. &quot;Come, let us walk on the beach and continue our discussions
  - your man will call us when it is time.&quot;  
The Senator let himself be led out of the room but looked back with concern
  at the un-moving Afghani slave who was showing absolutely no resistance to
  her arms being firmly buckled together behind her back inside a stiff mono-glove.
  Her mouth had already been wedged open by a ring gag and thick, leather straps
  were being buckled around her knees and ankles. Major Yasov looked at the worried
  American. &quot;We can do nothing here - Yuri and your man will do what is
  necessary to save my daugh...YOUR slave! It is possible only by much pain -
  but if it works, she will be a slave above all others.&quot; He grinned. &quot;He
  is a very lucky man indeed who owns such a creature! Come, there is much to
  discuss.&quot;  
Guljana was completely immobilized. Her ankle cuffs were fastened to the
  end of the mono-glove, making her arch her back. Her head was resting on a
  cushion to protect it and she had been blindfolded. Someone was holding her
  ponytail very tightly so she could barely move. But she made no sound and had
  gone completely limp. As her thighs were pushed apart and secured by a short
  bar, she offered no resistance. She was lifted up briefly while a towel was
  placed under her hip. It barely registered on her consciousness - she felt
  so detached, so numb and empty inside. She didn't even cry out when the pointed
  contacts on the tip of the cattle prod pressed inside her labia. The force
  of her first spasm as the shock seared through her tender flesh caught the
  men off guard. But still she didn't scream...  
*****  
Master Charles let the sobbing Chinese slave get used to the rubber ball
  in her mouth before telling her to fasten the straps. Liu had wept in anguish
  after locking her own collar but hadn't resisted his calm, patient commands.
  Now she was kneeling at his feet with a cuff secured round each wrist and ankle
  - and he had STILL not touched her. &quot;You see, its not so bad, is it?&quot; Liu
  kept her eyes down and shook her head. &quot;Of course it is mainly used to
  keep a slave subdued but it is also for HER benefit - you will be grateful
  of it when you need to bite...and it will save your tongue from harm!&quot; The
  stunning Chinese beauty shuddered but had already started to fasten the straps
  together behind her head without being told. Master Charles smiled - she was
  going to make an excellent slave! He leaned forward and placed one finger under
  her quivering chin. As her face was slowly lifted up, Liu raised her liquid
  eyes and met his gaze. &quot;My dear, you are exquisite. Tell me truthfully
  no, has anyone ever made you climax?&quot; A slight shake of her head, eyes
  averted in embarrassment. &quot;Look at me, slave.&quot; Such beautiful eyes
  - like a cat's. Master Charles took a leash chain from his pocket and clipped
  it to the ring on the front of Liu's steel collar. &quot;Now clasp your hands
  behind your head and kneel straight for me, little Liu.&quot; He gently motioned
  for the naked, trembling creature to kneel directly before him. &quot;Open
  your thighs, slave. Let's see exactly how responsive you are.&quot;  
Liu stared up at this man - his voice was so commanding! She should be frightened,
  ashamed of her nakedness - but she felt excited and so incredibly aroused!
  Her belly felt tingly inside and her breasts seemed tender and heavier. She
  knew she was wet and hot between her thighs. This was so wrong, so terribly
  wrong but why did it feel so good? He kept looking into her eyes and had wound
  the chain round his fist until his hand was against her collar. MY COLLAR!
  Liu gasped and touched the round ball inside her mouth with the tip of her
  tongue. But he hasn't trapped my hands and feet - I could still pull free!
  Then it dawned on her why - he wanted her to submit fully. Ohh but I was an
  independent, free woman...but I, I feel so RIGHT!  
Master Charles watched the inner turmoil written on the Chinese girl's face.
  Her darting eyes, the change in her breathing gave her uncertainty away. As
  if she had finally reached a decision, she began to slowly open her thighs. &quot;Good
  little slave!&quot; He extended one finger and ran it gently along between
  her hot, moist labia, making her quiver. The finger was lifted up to her snub
  nose. &quot;You can smell how hot you are, slave Liu!&quot; She nearly turned
  her head but stopped and made herself inhale her own spicy musk from his fingertip. &quot;Never
  be ashamed of your body, slave - or of the earthy desires you feel.&quot; Master
  Charles carefully rubbed his glistening finger on her trembling lower lip so
  she would taste her hot, eager cunt juices. The finger returned between her
  thighs. Liu gasped and closed her eyes in arousal. &quot;I want you to look
  at me all the time, slave.&quot; He curved the finger upwards and probed deeper.
  Liu gave out a tiny moan and bore down on his hand, shuddering as his finger
  made contact with her swollen clit. &quot;Bring yourself to orgasm, little
  slave - do not look away. I want to see your eyes while you climax.&quot;  
And so it was that a new slave experienced her unleashed animal sexuality
  for the very first time, crying out in release while looking up in glazed rapture
  at the man who held her collar chain - the ultimate contradiction of a girl
  whose body was newly fettered but whose submissive nature had just been freed...  
Vince sighed and turned away from the monitor. &quot;Best damn fuckin' show
  in town!&quot; he muttered, pulled fifty dollars from his wallet and left the
  notes on top of the control desk. &quot;Worth every fuckin' cent...guy's a
  goddam genius!&quot; He laughed softly, selected a flogger from the rack and
  entered the next cell. The occupant squealed in fright past her bit gag but
  could do nothing else as she was hanging on tiptoe by her wrists, gagged and
  spread-eagled by a wide bar between her ankle cuffs for punishment. Vince put
  the third clamp on her clit then walked around the back of the writhing slave
  and tutted. &quot;Corinne, Corinne - we're really gonna have to work on that
  gagging reflex of yours, aren't we?&quot;  
*****  
He was kneeling above her, smiling eagerly, waiting for her to regain consciousness.
  Alexa groaned weakly and immediately realized she was lying spread-eagled and
  fettered in the back of the van. &quot;Please sir, you didn't need to do this
  - I was coming back to my master. P-please don't punish me!&quot;  
He knelt astride her body and brought his face close to hers. &quot;So you
  were gonna run back like a good little fuck-slut were you?&quot; She nodded
  and tried to pull back but he was crushing her with his body. &quot;Pity you
  never get to show up, then! What a humiliation for your dear master, slave!&quot;  
&quot;But I d-don't understand...UUGHKKKK!!!!&quot;&quot;  
Miller smiled and let a trickle of his saliva fall on her puzzled face. Then
  he pressed the tips of his thumbs deeper into either side of Alexa's windpipe. &quot;No
  more arguments from you, little English filth!&quot; He suddenly jabbed his
  thumbnails in at exactly the right angle and depth then swiftly removed his
  hands before her throat was completely crushed. Alexa gasped in panic and acute
  pain. There had been a sickening popping sensation halfway down her neck when
  he squeezed her neck and then she coughed up a tiny taste of blood. But instead
  of a horrified cry, all she could manage was a soft, ragged croaking noise! &quot;That
  finally puts paid to your useless bleating, slut - properly silenced like all
  you fuck-bitches should be as soon as you're captured!" Alexa groaned silently.
  He'd crushed her larynx - she couldn't make a sound! She was mute! &quot;By
  rights I should finish the job by slitting off your lezzy tongue but without
  cauterizing the wound you'd drown in your own blood, bitch. And that'd be much
  too quick for filth like you! See how considerate I am, cunt?&quot; He jammed
  a ball-gag into her shocked mouth and fastened the straps tightly together.
  Alexa lay on the cold steel floor and wept as he destroyed her clothes with
  his bare hands until she was stripped naked. Her throat ached terribly. In
  the corner of her right eye, she could see a pair of bare feet in cuffs - another
  girl! &quot;Ohh don't worry about the other bitch, English-cunt. She's gonna
  play with me first when we get back to the Center but nobody's gonna know about
  you two!&quot; Miller laughed at his own cleverness. &quot;All the while your
  precious master's looking for your worthless carcass, you'll be right above
  his head in my little play-room!&quot; He had freed her legs but locked them
  together in cuffs and was pushing her feet into the end of a black nylon sack.
  Alexa couldn't resist when her wrists were locked together behind her back.
  Her last view before the sack was zipped right up over her head was of his
  grinning, triumphant face...  
*****  
&quot;Is not enough - she is not responding enough.&quot; Yuri forced Guljana's
  eyelids open and watched carefully while Guy pressed the button on the cattle
  prod again. &quot;She needs more - I get the 'girl-breaker' from our limo.&quot;  
&quot;What in hell's a 'girl-breaker'?&quot; Guy's words never reached the
  Russian who had dashed from the room. He looked down on the limp, pathetic
  creature that lay on the table. &quot;Kid, don't let us down - I didn't spare
  your life to let you give up now. Its worth hanging on to, surely?&quot; Was
  that a reaction? He couldn't be sure but it seemed like a tiny nod of her head.
  Yuri had returned and was uncoiling some wires from a vicious-looking pointed
  object. Without any pause, he began to push the metal tip between Guljana's
  buttocks, penetrating her anus until the ribbed shaft had sunk in as far as
  the base of its long handle.  
The Russian passed a thin wire through between Guljana's thighs and came
  round to her front. &quot;Good! Is well-pierced and no hood - perfect!&quot; He
  squeezed the jaws of the crocodile clamp apart and let them sink onto the metal
  ring through the helpless girl's clit. &quot;Now, we see how to make a girl
  obey...&quot; Even on the lowest setting, Guljana's body trembled and she gave
  out a tiny, ragged sigh. As Yuri increased the current, the Afghani slave moaned
  in distress. Another increase had her writhing and gasping in pain. A tiny,
  strangled wail finally escaped from her mouth. &quot;Excellent! She responds
  - it is soon time for the 'binding', yes?&quot;  
Guy looked up in confusion. &quot;What do you mean - she can't possibly get
  free from those straps.&quot;  
&quot;Hah - you Americans think you know everything about training a good
  slave-girl! When the pain increases,&quot; Yuri turned a dial on the base of
  the anal probe, &quot;this one will make much, much noise.&quot; At this, Guljana
  let out a growing shriek of sheer agony. &quot;And then go very quiet even
  when being punished - you have seen this in a girl before, surely?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, 'slave-space' - but that's just because they're getting off on
  the pain...&quot;  
Yuri grinned. &quot;That is the perfect moment to bind a girl to her owner.&quot; He
  had to yell over Guljana's frantic screams and pointed to his head. &quot;Binding
  up here!&quot; Guljana howled and thrashed desperately as the shocks tore through
  her sensitive flesh. She suddenly went rigid. The Russian nodded and smiled. &quot;She
  is ready - it is time. Where is her owner?&quot;  
The Senator put down the radio and looked back at his companion. &quot;Oleg,
  she is your daughter - what are we going to do about Guljana?&quot;  
&quot;You have a daughter of your own, yes?&quot; He spoke slowly, carefully. &quot;Why
  are you surprised - we know far more about you and your Organization than you
  think. So...here is our solution!&quot;  
&quot;I...um, yes - Caitlin is in her first year at Harvard. Why...&quot; His
  voice trailed off, first in confusion then in shock, as he suddenly comprehended
  what Guljana's father was implying. &quot;You...want my Caitlin in...exchange
  for your own daughter!&quot;  
*****  
A soft knocking on the cell door. Master Charles fed the last piece of candy
  to Liu and patted her gently on her head. He held out the ball gag in his palm. &quot;Little
  one, my dear Liu. I am very pleased with you. Now take the ball back in your
  mouth again.&quot;  
A single tear ran down the Chinese girl's cheek but she did not need further
  instructions and parted her lips to receive the red ball. Moments later, she
  was gagged for the second time. This man had persuaded her to lock a collar
  and cuffs around her throat, wrists and ankles. He had even brought her to
  orgasm with the tip of one finger! And now she helplessly knelt in fetters
  at his feet. She should have been terrified but instead she felt gloriously
  happy. Liu struggled up when he tugged on the chain from her collar. She pulled
  on her wrist cuffs, and felt again the thrill of having her arms pinned together
  behind her back. She stretched her feet as far apart as the hobble chain would
  allow. &quot;Look into the mirror, slave.&quot; Liu kept her eyes lowered. &quot;Liu,
  do not be ashamed - you are very beautiful and wear your collar well. Look
  at yourself and at the exotic, desirable creature you have become.&quot; She
  dared to look and cried out in wonder - a slave looked back!  
Again, the soft knocking on the cell door. Master Charles opened it and waited. &quot;Uh,
  sorry sir,&quot; Vince mumbled apologetically. &quot;There's an urgent message
  from our contact in the DA's office...and some guy called China John is being
  held downstairs by Security. He's demanding to be paid - says we owe him for
  finding your slave and for taking another girl without paying!&quot;  
Master Charles listened to the ranting of the old Chinese crook and felt
  sick to his stomach. His Alexa had been traced and Miller had gone after her.
  He had also acquired a fresh captive from the Triad but hadn't settled the
  account. Miller! All those unexplained deaths in London and Marseilles earlier...Miller
  had been there every time! Everything was slotting horribly into place. He
  had the Chinaman paid extra for his troubles and set off for the DA's Department.
  All the section leaders had been alerted but Miller had disappeared without
  trace. As the limo sped through the city streets, Master Charles tried not
  to think of his loyal slave. Alexa had been through so much - far more than
  necessary to prove she had earned her place at his feet. And now she was in
  the hands of a renegade killer! More reports of what Miller had been doing
  were coming through. That old Italian was dead - the whole tenement had been
  razed to the ground. And now Don Marco was calling for revenge, demanding 'blood-justice'
  or the Italians would sever all ties with the Organization! Miller was wreaking
  havoc - why? Miller had wanted elevation but he had told him he would never
  wear a master's ring - he was far too cruel and could only control by fear.
  Then the truth dawned on Master Charles...it was personal - it was all aimed
  at discrediting him!  
At the DA's office, he was introduced as a senior official of the witness
  protection program. The Latino girl, Gina, poured out her story. It was soon
  obvious that she knew far too much! &quot;Your life is in extreme danger, I'm
  afraid.&quot; He looked appraisingly at her. She had a stunning, athletic figure
  and a beautiful, almost cheekily defiant face - she would be such a challenge
  to break! &quot;We are going to have to take you into protective custody, Miss.
  You will need to be given a new life.&quot;  
&quot;But my paintings! I-I can't leave everything! Who's gonna send money
  to my momma?&quot; Gina was reeling with shock. &quot;What the fuck's goin'
  on here - this is crazy!&quot;  
&quot;It is for your own good, Miss. We will have your possessions collected.
  I shall assign one of our best people to deal with you. His name is Leroy and
  he will ensure you are properly looked after.&quot; Master Charles thought
  it was a fitting choice. His prot&eacute;g&eacute; was exactly right for taming
  this creature. Despite being the newest master, Leroy had already excelled
  himself with the ability to break even the most defiant of girls.  
&quot;Will I ever see Alexa again?&quot;  
&quot;Some day, perhaps...I sincerely hope we are not too late!&quot;  
*****  
&quot;I...this is the hardest decision I have ever made in my life.&quot; The
  senator stared down at the sand. &quot;Since her mother left us, Caitlin has
  relied on me. I had such high hopes for her!&quot;  
&quot;So...you say you HAD hopes? We all have hopes, my friend. I had hopes
  that my Zahida would escape to the West with our child then I would defect
  to America and join them. We promised one day to write each other's names in
  the sand. But things do not always happen as we hope.&quot; Major Yasov turned
  to look at his new colleague. &quot;My Guli needs a master now more than ever
  - and I can only let you keep her if there is a fair exchange. Well?&quot; The
  American stared out to sea then turned to face him and slowly nodded.  
Yuri motioned for the Senator to take Guy's place. Guljana mewed gently,
  as if she knew it was his hand on her ponytail. &quot;Hold her head - talk
  to her, reassure her!&quot; Yuri looked at the Senator. &quot;Your slave needs
  you!&quot;  
The Senator nodded then took a firmer grip on Guljana's ponytail, forcing
  her head round to face him and pulled off the blindfold. &quot;My Guljana...little
  Guli - stay with me, you are my slave! Look at me!&quot; The shivering girl
  opened her eyes and stared into the face of her beloved Senate-master. He pushed
  two fingers past the ring gag and smiled as she began to desperately suck and
  lick him. The Senator moved closer so his face was just inches away from hers. &quot;Good
  girl! Good little Guli, my slave...&quot;  
*****  
The two girls faced each other, spread-eagled and hanging a few feet apart.
  The only way they could ease the pain in their wrists and arms was by standing
  on tiptoe for as long as possible. Alexa couldn't bear to see the sheer terror
  in the other girl's eyes. Miller had taken off his clothes and was stroking
  the young girl's breasts. &quot;Don't get jealous, English-cunt. You're gonna
  be next but I'm afraid I've got this nasty habit of gettin' over-enthusiastic!
  This sweet little creature here'll take the edge off my appetite so's I can
  take more time over you. Now let's see how tight our young friend is - I just
  LOVE splitting open a virgin cunt!&quot; He stepped over the bar keeping her
  ankles wide apart then lifted up the struggling red-head by her shaking thighs.
  She shrieked and writhed desperately as he slowly lowered her on to his stiff
  cock. &quot;Uuh yeah, sooo fuckin' taut! C'mon baby, its hymen-bustin' time!&quot; The
  frantic girl threw back her head and squealed in fear and pain as she was brutally
  penetrated for the first time in her life. All Alexa could do was watch in
  horror and wait for her turn...  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 15 - NEMESIS  
&quot;I love you too, daddy - see you soon.&quot; Caitlin frowned as she
  canceled the call on her mobile. Odd...why had her father called just now?
  Although he was his usual cheerful self, his voice sounded strained. Poor daddy,
  she thought, people just didn't realize how hard he worked - they seemed to
  think being a Senator was an easy life!  
She was already running late for her first lecture when the doorbell rang.
  Caitlin sighed and looked through the spyglass. Two bored-looking deliverymen
  in overalls were standing outside with a large packing case on a trolley. She
  grabbed her bag and yanked open the door to get rid of them. &quot;Look, you
  must have the wrong..." Her words were cut short by a terrible burning sensation
  in her eyes, nose and mouth as the spray hit her full in the face. Caitlin
  fell backwards and clawed at her agonized throat. She was being rolled onto
  her front - something sharp stabbed through her jeans and a cold sensation
  began to spread though her left buttock. In a blur of pain, Caitlin couldn't
  stop her arms being brutally twisted up her back and locked in handcuffs. She
  gasped and squirmed in terror but the drug soon drew her down into oblivion...  
*****  
&quot;Funny thing though, the first incision is STILL the hardest - even
  after so many girls!&quot; Miller chatted affectionately to Alexa as he held
  the edge of the scalpel under the struggling girl's left nipple. &quot;What
  - don't want to watch? Now that's not very fair, English cunt! I go to all
  this trouble to put on a good show and you won't even look? Well, we can't
  have that can we?&quot; He put down the cruel blade and fastened a posture
  collar round Alexa's damaged throat, forcing her head straight. As she soundlessly
  gasped in sheer horror, small pieces of duct tape were applied to peel her
  eyelids apart. She couldn't look away now even if she tried and her eyes hurt
  from being unable to close. &quot;One more item then we can get on with the
  show.&quot; He tightened a pair of blinkers around her head so the only view
  was of the desperately struggling redhead.  
&quot;Now, where were we? Oh yes, the first cut!&quot; The tip of the scalpel
  began to press into the girl's flesh just beneath her nipple and a tiny trickle
  of bright red ran down her breast. Alexa shuddered and moaned raggedly in utter
  despair. Her poor companion's frantic shrieks echoed in her ears...  
*****  
For Master Charles, this was one of the worst periods in his life. My slave,
  my little Alexa - in the hands of a rogue staff member! As the limo sped through
  Manhattan with a police escort, passers-by stopped and stared. Master Charles
  wasn't just concerned about a missing slave - even though her disappearance
  had set off a terrible chain of events. No, there was far more at stake. Miller
  was a loose cannon that had to be stopped before he jeopardized operations
  even further. All Miller's known associates were being questioned and any possible
  clues to his whereabouts were being followed up. The Triad's van had been found
  abandoned in a disused garage. It had been empty except for the tattered remains
  of Alexa's clothing.  
His next meeting was crucial. Don Marco had made it absolutely clear that
  the Family would sever all ties with the Organization unless Miller was handed
  over to them. He would do so with pleasure if he could be found. There was
  so much riding on this meeting and he had to put aside his own feelings - if
  Alexa survived, would she be too damaged to keep?  
The hotel suite was full of security from both sides. The atmosphere was
  incredibly tense - armed guards glared suspiciously at their opposite numbers. &quot;Don
  Marco, do we really need all these people?&quot; In a demonstration of confidence,
  Master Charles dismissed his own men with a wave.  
Don Marco briefly nodded and his entourage began to depart, except for a
  young woman who stood at his shoulder. &quot;My grand-daughter stays - I am
  getting old, Charles. After my son's 'accident' last year, she will control
  everything. Rosario, may I introduce you to Master Charles - this is a bad,
  bad business but I have always found him to be a man of honor.&quot; The strikingly
  beautiful woman smiled and put her hand protectively on her grandfather's shoulder.
  The old man absently reached up and patted her slim, elegant fingers. &quot;Do
  not be deceived by her youth and charming looks - there is steel under the
  velvet!&quot;  
Master Charles smiled. &quot;How could she be anything else, with your blood
  in her veins? Now, I do not wish to appear rude but there are things we need
  to resolve urgently. Miller has acted totally outside our authority and must
  be stopped at all costs. If at all possible, he will be delivered to you alive
  and I have ordered substantial restitution for the loss of life and injury
  caused by that fire, to be distributed as you see fit.&quot; The old man nodded
  in approval. &quot;And I would be very grateful for any assistance you might
  give us in tracking him down - his recklessness has caused enough suffering
  and unwanted exposure.&quot; He waited for their response.  
&quot;And the girl?&quot; It was the granddaughter who spoke. &quot;This
  'Alexa' - what about her? Is it true she is your personal slave?&quot; Rosario
  was softly spoken but there was a subtle edge of authority in her voice. Despite
  her sex, she was destined to become a formidable power as head of the Family.
  How times had changed!  
&quot;If my slave survives, she will kneel at my feet. Why do you ask about
  her?&quot;  
&quot;Because...she now belongs to the Family.&quot; She was watching him
  through slitted eyes, like a snake eying its prey.  
&quot;I beg your pardon?&quot;  
Don Marco cleared his throat. &quot;Armando Forte was married to my cousin
  and I owed him my life in the war. His wife Lucia, God rest her soul, owned
  a substantial share in the Family's legitimate businesses but she refused to
  touch the money. Armando would not do so either, despite living so poorly.
  He called me on the day he died to say he wanted to leave everything to the
  girl.&quot; Master Charles sat very still, hardly able to take in the words. &quot;I
  had to swear to Armando that your Alexa is to be treated as Family and now
  she is worth millions!&quot; He sighed. &quot;I do not like this but I am honor-bound
  by blood and word to look after your...'slave' as one of my own kin. Rosario
  here will see to her affairs as her guardian.&quot; The young woman smiled
  but it was more of a challenge than an agreement. Master Charles sensed her  
*****  
Tears, rivers of tears streaming down her face...but they could never be
  enough for what had happened before her forced-open eyes. Alexa howled silently
  in anguish as the monstrous figure of Miller leaned over the body bag and dropped
  his soiled elbow-length latex gloves in with the ruined remains of the redheaded
  girl. He stroked the dead girl's contorted face and kissed her brow before
  closing the zip and standing up to stretch. &quot;Yeah, so sorry about the
  splashes, bitch!&quot; He started licking the blood spatters from her front
  in an obscene parody of tenderness, making her shudder in renewed revulsion.
  Alexa knew he was crazy - nobody sane could have done those terrible things
  to that poor girl. She had witnessed the teenager's brutal deflowering before
  Miller had done despicable, unmentionable things to her wounded body until
  she was a mutilated, sobbing wreck. Alexa knew the sight of the ruined girl
  slowly choking in the wire noose while Miller laughed and double-fisted her
  was seared into her memory and would haunt her forever.  
As Miller kissed and lapped the girl's dried blood from her belly, Alexa
  realized she was also terribly, terribly sorry for her master - she felt she
  had somehow let him and everyone else down. Miller had gleefully recounted
  in awful detail how poor uncle Armando had fought desperately for life and
  lost. Miller then said he would be going after Gina next, followed by Guljana!
  He was consumed with bitter hatred towards her master and rage at being denied
  elevation to masterhood - and he intended to exact his revenge on her and on
  everyone she loved!  
&quot;Now then - should I let you live after we've finished playing? I know!
  I could deafen and blind you and slit out your tongue and leave you crawling
  naked in Central Park! Do you think your precious 'master' would like that?
  Better still, I could flay you alive - I'm real good at skinnin' - and...nah,
  too fuckin' messy.&quot; He kissed her and began to peel off the tape that
  forced open her aching eyes. She flinched at the sight of the sharp knife he
  was waving in front of her face. &quot;Now you don't mind if I take a little
  souvenir just for old times' sake?&quot; He suddenly yanked hard on her long
  ponytail and started sawing through her hair close to her scalp. &quot;You
  won't be needing this anyways. Oh, sorry - did I cut your head?&quot; Blood
  trickled down her face and mingled with her tears. &quot;I'm gonna let this
  blade loose on your body after I give you the fuck of your lifetime!&quot; He
  giggled and licked her face. &quot;But first, we're going out for some fresh
  air...&quot;  
*****  
Her beloved Senate-master held her exhausted head as they lay together on
  a bed in the beach house. Guljana felt terribly drained by her recent ordeal
  but had begged to be allowed to serve him with her mouth. His sighs of satisfaction
  made her deliriously happy. She felt such a desperate, overwhelming love for
  him that it actually made her chest ache! Even the merest touch of his hand
  on her skin felt incredible. And as he gently stroked her hair, she poured
  out her heart to him. She was at a loss for the right words but tried to express
  her deep devotion and yearning to please him. His smile was tinged with a sadness
  that resonated through her but she couldn't bear to ask what was wrong. And
  she had finally managed to tell him about Alexa and the guard's threats against
  them. His face had grown dark with rage and alarm. He had immediately called
  Alexa's master but he knew already! Her poor sister-slave had been snatched
  by Miller and might already be dead! Guljana's master had decided she would
  be safer in the New York headquarters under Guy's personal protection until
  Miller was found and stopped. But before he sent her back, there was one more
  duty to perform...  
&quot;Your father left this for you, my dear slave.&quot; He was holding
  a gold ring on a chain. &quot;The major had to go away on, umm...on other business
  but he asked me to tell you how proud he is of his daughter.&quot; She said
  nothing but he could see by the trembling of her shoulders that she was trying
  to hold back her tears. &quot;Guljana, your father told me this was the wedding
  ring he planned to give your mother.&quot; The tears flowed freely now. &quot;I
  am very sorry, my little Guli. I will let you wear this round your neck if
  you wish.&quot; A tiny nod then she kissed his hand and wept silently as the
  golden chain joined the ornamental black and gold twined collar round her throat.
  The ring dangled just above her dusky cleavage. Her owner looked down at this
  naked, exotic beauty. How strange and wonderful a creature she is, he pondered.
  Never in his dreams had he realized what being a Master would be like. He had
  not been prepared for the feelings of power and satisfaction...and of responsibility.
  There was a raw, animal beauty in Guljana - something utterly feminine about
  her soft, graceful form that was accentuated by her unyielding fetters. Here
  he was, a bastion of democracy, owning a slave - what a peculiar, delightful
  paradox! It almost made him forget about the cost of owning her - betraying
  his own daughter into slavery was a dreadful cost to bear but if Yasov delivered
  the nuclear treaty her sacrifice would be worthwhile even if the painful choice
  haunted him to the end of his days.  
Guljana wobbled unsteadily as she stumbled towards the 4x4. &quot;Stop slacking,
  Arab-cunt! The sooner we set off, the longer I get to keep you occupied on
  the journey!&quot; She didn't like the guard called Pete and knew he intended
  to rape her again if he got the chance.  
For all her frailty and the heavy fetters round her wrists and ankles, Guljana
  stopped and pulled back on the collar leash. She stood tall and proud. &quot;N-not
  Arab! Th-this one is PASHTUN - P-pashtun s-slave and now is belong AMERICAN
  Senator, n-not YOUS!&quot;  
Pete sniggered and glanced at Guy in amusement. &quot;Yeah, whatever - makes
  no difference where you belong when you start dancing that tight cute ass on
  the end of my stiff cock, filthy little ARAB bitch!&quot;  
But Guy wasn't smiling. He sighed, stubbed out his cigarette with his heel
  and spoke in a slow, patient voice. &quot;The kid's right - she's not Arabic
  and there's no need to insult her. Pete, if you lay one finger on this kid
  you'll have to deal with her master AND her father...and then I will kill you!&quot; He
  smiled at a stunned Guljana and picked her up in his arms. &quot;Now get the
  damned tailgate open so this PASHTUN-American slave can get some rest in her
  cage.&quot; Guljana looked up in amazed gratitude at her protector. She resolved
  to beg permission from her master to serve Guy for his kindness and for saving
  her - twice! Pete didn't say another word during the whole of the journey...  
*****  
&quot;Who the fuck d'ya think ya are? Ya can't keep me locked in here - I
  aint done nothing wrong!&quot; Gina folded her arms across her chest and glared
  at the bodyguard from Witness Protection. &quot;And ya can wipe that fuckin'
  grin off of ya face...uhh, Leroy or whatever ya call yaself.&quot;  
Leroy couldn't help smiling. Oh Charles, my friend, this one is really very
  good. So high and mighty, so sassy and foul-mouthed! She is extremely pretty
  too, despite her obscene clothing and overdone make-up. Leroy relished the
  prospect of breaking this fiery girl. She obviously thought she was streetwise
  and could take anything life throws at her. Well, let's see how she responds
  to slavery! &quot;And another thing - ya can get me a coke an' some food, an'
  where's all my stuff?&quot; He didn't reply but tossed a plastic bag at her
  feet. It was printed with the words 'For Incineration'. &quot;Hey, whadya doin'?
  What's this for?&quot;  
Leroy kept his voice steady and authoritative. &quot;It is for your clothes
  and your jewelry - all of it. Now strip yourself and put everything in the
  bag.&quot; She was gaping at him. &quot;Get a move on, Gina - or do I have
  to use this?&quot; He held a cattle prod up and pressed the red button, making
  the electricity arc across the contacts. &quot;Well?&quot;  
&quot;Uhh...what,&quot; she was edging towards the door, trying to fight
  down her rising panic. A bleak thought ran through her racing mind. &quot;This
  is CRAZY! Uhh, y-ya n-not f-from Witness P-protection are y-ya?&quot; The tall,
  well-dressed black guy smiled and shook his head, waiting for her to work it
  out. &quot;Oh sweet Jesus, ya from that Organization of Lexy's!&quot; She had
  reached the door handle but it was locked. As he advanced towards her, holding
  the vicious-looking prod she looked into his eyes. &quot;Are ya...are ya m-master
  Charles?&quot;  
&quot;Gina, you are a clever girl! But no, I am not master Charles - you
  will call me master Leroy. You have already met master Charles though, he was
  the one who decided you would be enslaved rather than eliminated. Now, STRIP!&quot;  
*****  
Something just did not add up. Master Charles could not understand how Miller
  could simply vanish with two girls. There HAD to be a clue - someone MUST know
  something! He had put the Ranch and New York Center on full alert. And now
  the Family had become involved - his little slave had become the sole beneficiary
  of a trust fund that ran into millions of dollars! And he had thought the old
  Italian, Armando Forte, had been living in poverty. Since Don Marco had made
  his granddaughter, Rosario, Alexa's trustee, she was demanding she be found
  immediately. But the money didn't matter - Alexa could be dead or, even worse,
  being brutalized by Miller. Master Charles only hoped it wasn't too late to
  save her - she was HIS slave and he could not rest until she was found.  
Then it hit him. For the first time since his elevation to the Council, he
  had become emotionally attached to one of the slaves. He realized he had fought
  this, denied she could offer him the personal loyalty and devotion to serve
  him. He had sent her out into the city to prove herself worthy of ownership
  and inadvertently placed her in terrible danger. Alexa was a small, pretty
  creature but would never match the stunning beauty of the Afghani or Liu. Yet
  something had driven him to save her as she hung lifelessly from the gibbet.
  Despite his best intentions, Master Charles realized he felt incomplete. Miller,
  you vile bastard - I want my slave back!  
*****  
This wasn't happening! Guljana knelt nervously outside a cell door and tried
  to comprehend why she had been summoned to meet the President of the Organization.
  The headman - even higher than her own beloved Senate-master! But she was only
  a stupid peasant-slave from a dirty war-torn village near Kandahar! Her heart
  was hammering inside her chest - she wished her beloved Senate-master was here.
  Guljana fingered the gold ring that dangled blow her collar. She remembered
  her mother, the way she was always singing, always there to soothe the pain
  when she was being taunted by the other village girls...tears threatened to
  betray her feelings. As she pressed against Guy's leg for comfort, he reached
  down and messed her hair. &quot;S'okay, kid - you're gonna be okay...&quot; Then
  he unlocked the door and led her inside.  
There was a tray of food in the center of the floor and large cushions! She
  looked up anxiously at Guy but he only patted her shoulder in reassurance before
  leaving and locking the cell door. Guljana was not alone - another girl was
  sitting cross-legged in the corner. She was incredibly pretty and her skin
  was so dark! &quot;P-please, I ams much to frightens my sister - I ams Guljana
  and m-much bads missing of my master.&quot; The tears won - Guljana wiped her
  watering eyes. Please, I not knows why the Prez-idens wishing him m-me to sees!&quot; The
  other girl smiled and held out her comforting arms.  
*****  
She felt so cold and sore. Her arms had nearly gone numb from being stretched
  up for so long and when he took her down, the pain had almost made her faint.
  Where had he taken her? It was very windy and she could barely stay upright,
  even though her tormenter was holding her by the painfully tight harness he
  had strapped round her body. She couldn't move her arms and legs - the severely
  fastened cuffs saw to that. Alexa knew she would never survive Miller's sustained
  cruelty and could only hope he would finish her off quickly. Ohh my poor masters
  - first master Stephen and now master Charles - I've let everybody down. And
  that lovely old man, and Gina - and my sister-slaves too...  
&quot;Take a good look, English bitch - one of the best views in the world!&quot; He
  yanked off her blindfold. Alexa realized with horror they were standing at
  the very edge of the tower, looking across the whole of Manhattan. The sun
  had set and all the twinkling lights across the city were frighteningly distant.
  Miller was shouting in her ear. Alexa froze - the only thing that was preventing
  her from being blown off the parapet was his strong grip on the strap between
  her shoulder blades. &quot;Go on, cunt - look down!&quot; It was her worst
  nightmare come true. Alexa's morbid fear of heights had haunted her dreams
  since childhood, and now only inches separated her from the sheer chasm between
  this tower and the taller one opposite - she couldn't look down, she just COULDN'T! &quot;Open
  your eyes, cunt! If you don't look I'm gonna drop you and its a long, long
  way down!&quot; Her mouth was dry. She could barely move her head. Her knees
  were going to give way any minute! &quot;Go on, take a good look!&quot;  
Like a terrorized automaton, Alexa lowered her eyes and forced herself to
  look. Far beneath her, she could make out the flat roof of an extension that
  jutted from the tower. From this height, she knew there was no chance of survival
  if she fell. Miller was raving about what he was going to do next - what he
  planned to do to Guljana's body before finishing her off. From somewhere deep
  inside, a peculiar inner calm began to spread through her body. I am so afraid
  and yet I feel so peaceful! Her shaking and palpitations stopped. A smile spread
  across her face. Instead of being a helpless victim, Alexa realized what she
  had to do. It was over for her but maybe she could prevent any other girls
  from becoming more of Miller's playthings. She pushed back against her tormentor,
  making him laugh cruelly and grip the harness tighter, forcing her closer to
  the edge. &quot;What's the matter, bitch - scared you'll fall?&quot; He pushed
  her out at an angle ready to let go. This is for you, Uncle Armando, she whispered
  in her mind. Then she closed her eyes and jumped, dragging Miller over with
  her.  
*****  
Guljana didn't even know her name. This dark beauty who just listened to
  her tales of being abducted in Kandahar, of being taken and made a slave in
  the USA, of her wonderful Senate-master, and of her reunion with her father. &quot;But
  why ams I to see this Prez-idens - please, I not knows your name. You are to
  see him too?&quot;  
The black girl smiled and held Guljana's hand. &quot;I'm called Carol-Ann.
  And I get to see the President every day.&quot;  
&quot;Oh! You ams Pres-dent slave?&quot; Guljana couldn't work out why this
  'Khar-alan' thought it was so funny.  
&quot;What makes you think the President is a master?&quot;  
Now she was really confused. &quot;Y-you means th-they has lady master's?
  You belong a lady pres-a-dent?&quot;  
Carol-Ann was chuckling. &quot;No - I have a master...but he isn't this year's
  president!&quot;  
&quot;B-but then...&quot; Guljana's mouth fell open in shock. Not knowing
  what to do, she pulled back and then crouched with her head on the floor below
  the girl's bare feet.  
*****  
&quot;Bitch, Bitch!&quot; Miller shrieked in rage as he clung on to Alexa's
  harness. She hadn't known he'd attached a rope to the back of the straps. He'd
  meant to let her fall then pull her up for more abuses. &quot;Keep still, filthy
  little slut!&quot; He was trying to climb up her harnessed body. Alexa silently
  groaned in agony but was determined this demon shouldn't escape. With all her
  might, she started thrashing wildly about, causing them to spin and sway against
  the side of the tower. &quot;Stop it, you fuckin' bitch! STOP!&quot; They slammed
  against the glass. In a rage, Miller tried to knock her senseless, and gripped
  the front strap so he could punch her unconscious. But his weight was too much
  for the harness. The buckle at her waist suddenly gave way and he slid down
  her thighs. Alexa silently howled in agony as Miller desperately tried to claw
  higher. Her chest was being crushed by the remains of the harness and Miller
  had slipped right down until he was hanging on only by the link between her
  ankle cuffs. She thought her feet would be torn off - the pain was so appalling!
  It didn't matter though - she had to do this thing for all the people Miller
  had hurt and those who would suffer if he survived. She started to swing her
  tortured body again. &quot;No! NO! Stop! PLEASE STOP!!!&quot; Miller's voice
  was frantic as he begged his victim for mercy. &quot;NOOOOOO.....&quot; They
  crashed into the side of the tower. Suddenly, the dreadful tension on her legs
  went away. With a final, despairing scream of &quot;BITCH!&quot; Miller's flailing
  body disappeared into the gloom beneath her feet.  
She was alone, hanging in the dark, hundreds of feet above the ground. The
  city looked beautiful at night but it didn't matter anymore. Oh please, please
  let me drop! Alexa thrashed desperately, hoping the rest of the harness would
  tear and she could finish her suffering. But all she managed was to buffet
  herself against the glass surface of the tower. The strap round her chest dug
  in and squeezed her ribs so badly. Eventually, her movements became feebler
  as shock and cold took effect. Alexa started miserably out across empty space
  and wept as she shivered. S-so c-cold! M-master Ch-Charles - f-forgive m-me!  
*****  
Carol-Ann gently stroked the trembling Afghani girl's head and coaxed her
  upright. &quot;Hey, I'm just another sister-slave, even though I'm this year's
  president of the Organization. It's only an honorary thing to prevent any one
  master holding too much power. I don't get to run things!&quot; She held Guljana's
  hands and whispered. &quot;Your master - the Senator - he called you the 'key'...have
  you any idea what's happened because of who you are?&quot; Guljana was shaking
  her dumbfounded head. &quot;Why, you just bridged a gulf between the Russians
  and the USA - opened the door to a new arms treaty AND started negotiations
  between our Organization and their slave operations!&quot; She was smiling
  broadly at Guljana. &quot;I get to nominate the next president you know...but
  first please tell me everything about this 'Alexa' I keep hearing about - she
  must be very special. Her master looks so sad these days.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;Rosario, I do not expect you to understand this but there is absolutely
  no way that my slave, if she is found alive, can come under your protection.&quot; Master
  Charles leaned back in the leather armchair in the Masters' Lounge at the New
  York Center and held up the glass of red wine to the light. ''There really
  is no point in you being here - I will have you informed as soon as anything
  is discovered.'' He returned his gaze to the lovely woman opposite and smiled. &quot;Rosario,
  you seem amused by something.&quot;  
Don Marco's granddaughter set down her glass and crossed her long, elegant
  legs. &quot;I was just wondering why a man such as yourself feels it necessary
  to treat women so harshly when you don't strike me as inadequate.&quot; She
  leaned towards him. &quot;You see I've heard it said that dominant males are
  secretly afraid of female power, that they can't cope with a real woman!&quot; She
  was watching him again in that testing, probing way.  
&quot;Is that an invitation to seduce you - to test your theory?&quot;  
&quot;Do you think you could dominate me?&quot; Her eye contact didn't waiver.  
&quot;Do you think I am foolish enough to try?&quot; What a charming, forthright
  woman! &quot;And I have my slave to consider. If Alexa is able to take her
  place at my feet, why should I look elsewhere - she has become...very special
  to me.&quot;  
Her expression softened. &quot;I've not even seen a picture of my ward yet
  - what is she like?&quot; He took a folded paper out of his jacket and passed
  it across. Rosario didn't flinch at the full-length pictures of the nude slave
  who had stood obediently in chains for front and profile ID shots. &quot;Well,
  I suppose she has a pretty, charming face in the right light. I had expected
  our...&quot; (OUR? What is this woman really after?) &quot;...new family responsibility
  to be much more seductive.&quot; She made no effort to return the document. &quot;I
  always wanted a companion when I was small - a maid who would do exactly as
  I say...&quot; Rosario gently traced a well-manicured finger down the image
  of the naked girl and seemed lost in thought.  
&quot;Rosario, she might be dead. And I would not share my Alexa with anyone
  - not even you.&quot;  
She raised her glass to him in salute then drained it. &quot;So you say but
  things can change. We have a lot more in common than you think, Charles - I
  am surrounded by deferential, fawning men who are either ingratiating or desperate
  to impress me. I enjoy control; in fact I'm addicted to it. But most men cannot
  handle this. Now, you...are different.&quot;  
&quot;Now, you really are trying to seduce me!&quot;  
She smiled and uncrossed her perfect thighs. &quot;And what if I am...?&quot;  
*****  
Why on earth are the slaves screaming? The guard rushed to the poolside and
  pushed the hysterical girls away from the window. He looked out - nothing...except
  for a swaying rope. ROPE? As he peered down, his eyes widened in horror - in
  the gloom he could make out the shape of a small, motionless form. He slammed
  his hand on the nearest emergency intercom. &quot;This is David at the pool.
  Get some Security to the rooftop - FAST! And find Master Charles urgently!&quot;  
S-s-so c-c-cold - c-c-can't b-b-breathe...It was all so very confusing. Lights
  below her - lights shining on her. A bright light coming towards her...a kind
  of rushing roaring sound as it came closer. The rope was moving...it was finally
  snapping...ohhh I am so very, very tired...  
...It doesn't hurt at all, does it?  
(&quot;CLEAR!&quot;)  
Why are they thumping my body?  
(&quot;CAN'T GET AN AIRWAY IN - GOT TO DO A TRACHEA!&quot;)  
 Lucia, can we go now?  
(&quot;FOR GOD'S SAKE, TRY AGAIN!&quot;)  
Please, Lucia, please take me home.  
(&quot;NO RESPONSE SIR - I THINK WE'VE LOST HER!&quot;)  
Peaceful, so peaceful.....  
(&quot;PLEASE - JUST TRY ONE MORE TIME!!!).....  
SECOND CHANCE  
Chapter 16 - EPILOG  
&quot;Failed again, slave.&quot; Gina screamed in pain and chewed hard on
  the rubber ball he had jammed back into her mouth. Her eyes were covered by
  a tight blindfold that shut out all light. Her ankles were kept apart by a
  pole with stiff leather cuffs at either end. Her neck was locked in a thick
  leather collar at the center of another pole. Her wrists were caught in more
  cuffs at each end. She had been forced to kneel while a man held her by her
  ponytail and made her give him head. She'd resisted at first, cursing and swearing
  and spitting like an animal but they'd pulled her up by chains from the ends
  of the wrist cuffs, stretching her until her toes barely touched the floor.
  The ball was strapped in her mouth then the flogging began. After each whipping,
  she was made to kneel and service another man with her mouth. Every time ended
  in more whipping - was this the tenth or eleventh time? She had lost count
  in her agony and despair. Gina had eventually given up fighting and tried everything
  to please and satisfy them - she sucked, licked and took them as far down her
  throat as she could manage. She swallowed every last drop of their cum and
  lapped them clean - it was never enough to prevent another punishment!  
She jerked uselessly as the long strands of the cat licked inside her shaking
  thighs. &quot;That last effort was pitiful - you obviously learned very little
  from Alexa.&quot; This time the cat lashed upwards between her splayed legs,
  one thong cutting deeply along the center of her cunt. She screamed and lost
  her footing as the whip lashed inside her sex. &quot;Call yourself a hooker
  - did you give it away or did you have to PAY your clients to screw you?&quot; Master
  Leroy forced her head up with a strong, painful grip on her hair. &quot;I can't
  imagine WHAT my friend Charles saw in you - you're a useless, clumsy failure
  of a slut.&quot; Gina sobbed at his cruel words. &quot;I don't have time to
  waste on gutter-sluts like you! Best thing we can do with trash like this is
  dispose of it.&quot; She mewed piteously, desperately afraid for her life. &quot;What's
  that?&quot; He turned back and loosened the ball gag. &quot;Did you have something
  to tell me, SLAVE-SLUT?&quot;  
Gina sobbed and coughed as the ball was pulled out of her mouth. &quot;Oh
  please don't kill me! I don't wanna die! Please Leroy, I...&quot;  
&quot;MASTER Leroy!&quot;  
&quot;Uh, m-master Leroy...please, uhh will ya t-teach m-me whadya want me
  t-to...to do?&quot; Her voice trailed off in shock at what she'd just said.  
Leroy slackened his grip on her hair and paused. &quot;You know, that's the
  first intelligent thing you've said since we met.&quot; He gently stroked her
  cheek. &quot;Perhaps we CAN make something of you - get her thoroughly cleaned
  up, please and delivered to my apartment.&quot; He turned back to address the
  shaking Latino beauty. &quot;And then you can explain your paintings, Gina
  - they are really quite good.&quot; She gasped in surprise at his unexpected
  praise, her initial terror and dejection now tinged with faint hope!  
*****  
She couldn't read the newspaper that was lying under her bare body. That
  was the worst thing of all - she guessed it was some sort of Cyrillic writing,
  maybe Russian but she didn't know. It was on the floor of a horrible, tiny
  wire cage, not big enough to lie straight in. Caitlin forlornly stared out
  through the mesh at the group of men playing cards round a nearby table. She
  could feel a deep throbbing coming up through the floor and the room seemed
  to be swaying very slowly up and down. She had gradually regained consciousness
  in this cage, realizing in horror that she was naked with her wrists and ankles
  locked together somehow behind her body. There was a tight strap round her
  face and something hard and round was stuck inside her mouth. The heavy band
  round her neck was somehow pulling her back whenever she moved her wrists to
  ease the strain on her arms. She twisted her head and tried to look down through
  her tear-filled eyes. She could just make out a tight leather strap that cruelly
  squeezed her belly just above her hips and another strap running down from
  the front that disappeared between her legs. It hurt inside her lower regions
  whenever she moved and she felt unpleasantly...filled. FILLED? It was like
  there was something hard digging in between her buttocks. And something big
  was pushing up further round, spreading her privates wide like...like a DILDO!
  Her mind raced in panic - if they were kidnappers why were they treating her
  like this? Surely they would get more from her father if she was unharmed or...if
  she wasn't a hostage, why was she being held prisoner like a dog, no like a,
  like a SLAVE! OH GOD - WHITE SLAVERS!  
Caitlin sobbed and tried to curl into a tiny ball. It hurt so much and she
  desperately needed to pee - she was caged like an animal and she wanted it
  all to go away. She closed her eyes, praying the nightmare would stop but when
  she opened them again it was still there! One of the men had noticed she was
  becoming agitated. He came across and unlocked the front of the cage. His face
  was hard and uncaring as he explored her breasts with calloused fingers. Caitlin
  mewed in protest - nobody had ever fondled her so roughly! It only made the
  man laugh harshly and call something to his colleagues. There was a shouted
  reply but the only word she understood was &quot;American&quot;. Something
  skidded across the steel floor and the man picked it up. It was like two tiny
  clamps attached to the ends of a short chain. The man started unscrewing the
  jaws then reached for her left breast. She squealed in horrified disbelief
  when he pinched the tip between his finger and thumb to make it harden then
  fitted the first clamp and started to tighten it. Caitlin shook her head and
  tried to beg him to stop but her frantic noises were ignored. Now the second
  clamp was squeezing shut! The man tugged on the center of the chain as if checking
  the clamps were on properly then began to twist the screws even tighter. The
  pain was awful! Caitlin shrieked and writhed but no mercy was shown by this
  horrible stranger. He suddenly pushed his hand inside her thighs and reached
  up between her buttocks. A fierce tingling erupted in her back passage! Caitlin
  squealed in shock and pain. His hand was moving under her body - she could
  feel his fingers turning something. PAIN!!! AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIEEEEE!!! Caitlin
  couldn't believe such agony was possible and bit down on the round thing in
  her mouth for any possible relief. Her belly was on fire - she lost control
  and wet herself. The man put a padded leather strap over her eyes and tightened
  it round her head until everything was black. She could feel a hood being pulled
  down over her head too - what if she suffocated or choked? The cage door was
  pushed shut against her knees. Caitlin howled and panted in distress, alone
  with the excruciating pain inside her cunt and ass. Her abused privates felt
  like they were burning inside! Daddy, oh Daddy - pleeeeeeeese make it stop,
  PLEEESE make it go away! I can't bear it, its m-making m-me C-C-CUMMMMMM a-and
  it H-HURTS!!!  
*****  
&quot;My condolences on the tragic death of your brother - such a shame.&quot; The
  Senator passed a Tequila across to the young Arab but the youth's attention
  was focused on a group of laughing slaves playing volleyball on the beach.  
&quot;Yes-yes, most unfortunate but he was doing what he loved when he died.&quot; Assad
  couldn't keep his eyes off the small blonde who was the only one dressed in
  any clothes, a short t-shirt barely covering her upper back.  
The Senator smiled as he followed the youth's gaze. &quot;She is a rather
  special house-slave, very skilled in the oral arts - shall I summon her?&quot;  
&quot;Ahh, please do!&quot;  
&quot;Elona, ELONA? HEEL!&quot; The girl immediately dropped the volleyball
  and ran to kneel before them, eyes lowered in respect. &quot;Good slave - have
  you met the new crown prince?&quot; The reaction was sudden and alarming. Elona
  whimpered and cowered in fear. &quot;Ahh, I forgot - Elona was not very well
  treated by your brother, Assad.&quot;  
Crown prince Assad sighed. &quot;Come here to me, girl - do not be frightened,&quot; He
  leaned down as she timidly crept near and whispered. &quot;I am not like my
  brother - do not be afraid, Elona.&quot; She looked up into his dark eyes,
  searching for reassurance. &quot;Why do you wear this t-shirt? What are you
  concealing, pretty slave?&quot; She pulled it off to reveal the lattice of
  white lines - the fading remnants of the severe beating she had received several
  weeks earlier. &quot;I think this is my late brother's handiwork, yes?&quot; She
  lowered her head, too fearful to reply. &quot;Put the garment back on and protect
  your back from the sun. And please attend my suite after dinner - Elona, you
  are very pretty!&quot; She looked up in joy and relief, and then crept away
  to join her sisters.  
The Senator raised his glass as the young man turned to watch the game. &quot;An
  excellent choice, your highness - Elona is a fine slave and has served me very
  well in the past until I acquired a girl of my own!&quot;  
The slave in question grinned and trotted across the beach towards the verandah.
  She loved Antigua. The whole idea of an island still amazed her and she delighted
  in the cove's gently sloping beach and warm, salty air. She knew her beloved
  Senate-master thought her foolish for bringing him so many shells - she would
  call them 'sea treasures' and he would accept them with a smile and pat her
  head. Guljana noticed a new slave who knelt by the shore. She was tethered
  by a long collar chain to a nearby tree and had short-cropped hair. She was
  staring motionless out to sea, obviously still adjusting to her new collar.
  Guljana ran the last few yards towards her wonderful master but stopped abruptly
  at the familiar voice of a tall man talking to the Senator - master Charles!
  She knelt at the verandah steps with her head down and waited. &quot;...Physically,
  yes but still badly affected by the trauma - if things don't improve I'm afraid
  it would be more merciful to put her to sleep. Its as though that bastard shattered
  her spirit and I don't know how to ease her suffering.&quot;  
&quot;Ah, my dear - look who's come to see us!&quot; Guljana crept forward
  and put her forehead down to the wooden floor, the shells forgotten.  
&quot;Well! What a radiantly beautiful slave you have become!&quot; She dared
  to glance briefly up at master Charles and smiled. &quot;You've changed...somehow.&quot; He
  looked closer at her sleek lines, her thick, golden mane and the tiny, delightful
  way her body shifted under his gaze. &quot;Your collar obviously suits you
  - very nice. You are a credit to your master, Guljana.&quot;  
&quot;A slave thanks Master Charles of...for his kindness.&quot; Guljana
  kept her head lowered.  
&quot;And your English is much better!&quot;  
&quot;A slave's beloved Senate-master has teached it - uhh, taught it well,
  sir.&quot;  
The Senator smiled and leaned across to whisper at his friend. &quot;Charles,
  call her 'Guli' - watch her reaction.&quot;  
Master Charles walked towards the dusky slave and lifted her chin. &quot;Good
  girl, good little...Guli!&quot; Her eyes immediately sparkled. She took a deep
  breath and laughed joyously from her belly. Both men smiled at the naked girl.
  She was utterly immersed in her submission - a happy, contented and devoted
  slave.  
But Guljana kept looking up at master Charles while the men talked. She obviously
  wanted to speak but knew she had to wait. &quot;What is it, little slave?&quot; She
  looked troubled and uncertain. &quot;Speak up, Guli.&quot;  
&quot;Uhh, a s-slave asks about...her sister, about Alexa - if she is still
  in hopsital - 'hos-pi-tal'?&quot; Guljana hadn't been allowed to see her dear
  friend. She heard that Alexa had been rushed to a private clinic but nothing
  more - was she still alive? Master Charles paused, looked at the Senator then
  slowly turned his head. Guljana trembled and followed his gaze. He was looking
  out to sea, no - he was looking at the girl chained on the beach! &quot;Oh!
  OHH! Oh please may this slave to go see her s-sister? PLEASE, PLEASE!!!&quot; Her
  Senate-master nodded and watched his slave rush down towards the girl. Guljana
  stopped a few feet behind her special friend. Alexa was still looking at the
  horizon, still kneeling where she had been put. Very gently, very slowly, Guljana
  moved to crouch behind the girl. Then she wrapped her arms from behind around
  her precious friend's small body.  
Alexa looked down at the olive-skinned arms and thick, blonde hair that cascaded
  from the head that pressed against her own. For the very first time since she
  came round in Intensive Care, a little slave managed to cry properly. Her cruelly
  silenced sobs nearly broke Guljana's heart but she hung on tight and wailed
  for them both. Alexa turned and hugged her sister-slave as they wept together
  by the sea. Her companion gasped in shock at the fading red line across her
  throat where her ruined larynx had been removed. Alexa could not meet her gaze
  and tearfully shook her head as delayed grief suddenly overwhelmed her. She
  clung on desperately to her friend for comfort. Neither master intervened -
  they knew this was something their slaves had to do without them...  
The Senator looked again through the two-way mirror at the sleeping girls
  cradled together in each other's arms. His colleague raised the bottle of fifty-year
  old The Macallan single malt and re-filled their glasses. &quot;Charles, does
  little Alexa really have to be chained at all times?&quot;  
&quot;You heard what the Council decided - by rights any slave who causes
  death or injury should be immediately killed. I thought I'd lost the vote AND
  my property...then the President intervened.&quot; His friend looked stunned
  by this revelation. &quot;Yes, she risked a severe beating for my slave by
  speaking without permission! But Carol-Ann said we would be no better than
  Miller if we executed Alexa. Our remarkably perceptive President also pointed
  out that Miller had in fact betrayed the Organization while my slave had shown
  the utmost loyalty. She said that Alexa deserved only praise and not punishment.&quot; He
  smiled at the memory of how a trembling Carol-Ann had challenged his fellow
  Council members by her impassioned speech. &quot;So this is a compromise -
  the sentence of death will be lifted in a year's time but she must be tethered
  or fettered at all times. If Alexa resists or shows any aggression she WILL
  be killed!&quot;  
The Senator sighed and nodded. His Guljana was cradling the smiling Alexa
  in her arms. The girls began to kiss passionately as they eagerly explored
  each other's bodies. &quot;And does she know about her inheritance - about
  the Family?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, and she even met her trustee in the clinic - Rosario is very interested
  in my slave and showed her great kindness. But until today she has made no
  effort to communicate with anybody since regaining consciousness - this is
  the first time she has shown interest in anyone other than myself.&quot; Master
  Charles smiled and raised his glass. &quot;I have a feeling things have taken
  a turn for the better, my friend - in no small part due to your delightful
  slave.&quot; The erotic reunion scene through the mirror was fascinating and
  heartwarming. &quot;And,&quot; he grinned while holding up the bottle, &quot;I
  have never been so glad to win a bet in my life!&quot;  
THE END&hellip;of this tale...but not of The Organization Series!  
(a humble slave offers heartfelt thanks to the many F/friends who have aided
  and encouraged her, particularly the real-life but sadly deceased master Charles,
  master Gary Roberts - one of the finest BDSM artists ever, her sister-slave
  theresa, and, of course, to her own beloved master Phil who guides her and
  permitted her to write this little tale...)  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave ruthie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





