BDSM Library - Good Girl




Good Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a fairly light story about a slave girl and her Master, and a night in their life.  It's based on a real evening I spent with a former Master of mine one night.  It includes flogging, bondage, and orgasm control.
Good Girl

The house was perfect.  I had spent all day getting it ready, and it like to
sparkled under the lights; it seemed a shame to turn them all down, but that was
what I had been preparing for.  Carefully I lit the pillar candles in the large
iron holders, then the dozens of votives scattered through the room.  With the
light in the fireplace, it was lit almost as brightly as with electricity, but
the warmth of the light was extraordinary, lending everything a gentle glow and
softening the edges of the room.

The past hour had been spent preparing myself for Him, once the house had been
finished. First, sitting on the edge of the tub, thinking about Master's hands,
I had shaved my legs, and between them.  The shaving cream was cool against my
warm flesh, the light scrape of the razor reminding me of the scrape of His
knife against my skin the other night as it gently removed the cooled wax pooled
on me.  I worked carefully, not wanting to mar the skin in any way, my skin
being His, for His pleasure.

After,  I had taken a long, luxuriant bath with my favorite vanilla scented bath
oil, softening my skin and surrounding me with it's glorious fragrance.  My hair
piled high on the top of my head, I laid back and let the warmth seep into each
pore, relishing the almost scalding heat of the water, feeling it sooth and
limber my muscles for whatever Master might call on of them that night.

Finally exiting the tub, I smoothed a cool, light layer of vanilla lotion on my
porcelin flesh, wanting every part of me to be perfectly soft as velvet to His
touch.  Padding nude into the bedroom, looking down and admiring the pedicure on
my toes that i had done earlier, I thought of what Master might call on out of
me this night, what paces would He put His girl through.  The thought made me
tremble just a little in anticipation, a wonderful flutter of excitement passing
through my lower belly.

In the bedroom, I slipped into the new silks Master had chosen for me, in His
colors.  Feeling the lightness of the fabric against my skin, I shivered a
little, then walked to the dresser.  Sitting there, removed only for my bath,
was my collar.  I smiled to myself in the mirror as I replaced it around my
neck, feeling secure once again as I heard the clasp click into place.  I closed
my eyes for a moment, thanking Master silently again for making me His before
lightly padding back downstairs to light the candles.

Now that they were all lit, I continued following Master's instructions for the
day, picking up the list where it was laying on His chair.  I smiled at the last
few instructions and replaced the list, knowing that on His return He would find
not only His every wish carried out but a happy and glowing slave.

Sitting quietly at the foot of His chair, I picked up the leather items laying
on the seat.  I take one last look around the room, ensuring  everything is
perfect, then check the time once more to make sure I am  following Masters
orders.  I reach down and slowly close a leather cuff around each ankle, the
silver D rings attatched to them gleaming softly in the candlelight.  As I do up
the buckles, I wonder what Master has in mind for me this evening.  Will it be
the spreader bar?  The x frame? How will He choose to use these cuffs?

Carefully I kneel before the chair and reach for the next item.  I lock one of
the leather cuffs around my wrist.  The other, connected by a short length of
chain, I let hang free for a moment.  Next I pick up the leather blindfold, the
soft velvet side facing my skin.  I gently fasten it in place, my heart skipping
as the rich scent of leather fills my nostrils, overwhelming my senses, making
me squirm slightly.

For a moment I think over the day again, the anticipation to this moment; the
hourly pause in my days activities to remove myself and let my fingertips gently
roam against my skin, teasing, tantalizing, titillating, but never enough to
release in pleasure, only enough to come close.  The activities of the day have
left me aching, wanting, needing, my thoughts only centered on my Master, and
the sweet release that only He can offer me.

My breath quickening, my heart thundering in my chest at the thoughts of Him, I
bring my hands behind my back.  It is a struggle at first, to do up the other
cuff.  There is really not enough play in the chain to accomplish it easily.  I
work at it for a while, knowing that once the buckle is fastened, it is highly
unlikely I will be able to undo it should anything happen.  this sends another
tremor through me, of fear and excitement, desire and longing.

Quietly I kneel, waiting.  I listen to the silence in the house, each small
sound seeming to thunder to my overanxious senses.  The smallest hiss in the
flicker of a candle, the lightest creak in the settling of the house sends a
thrill of adrenaline through me, the anticipation almost overwhelming.  I feel
goosebumps rise along my skin even though the room is warm.  I feel my nipples
tightening under my silks in nervousness and need.

Thoughts seem to swirl though my mind; what if He is late?  What if someone
comes to the door?  What if He is in a car accident and the hospital tries to
call and I can't....

I hear a key turn in the door.  My breath quickens again, a tiny gasp escaping
my lips as I straighen my shoulders, arching my back and parting my thighs
further, feeling the thin silks slip upward along the creamy flesh.  I hear the
door slowly open and I remain still.  I know if He is standing in the doorway
now He can see me.  I wonder if He is pleased.  I go over the list of my days
duties again in my mind, running through them even though i know i haven't
forgotten anything.  I wonder what He is looking at, if He is pleased with my
efforts.

I hear the floor creak slightly as He steps inside, then the door closes.  He
says nothing, my heart thunders in fear and anticipation.  I feel the movement
of the air slightly against my skin as He crosses the room to me, then walks
around me appraisingly.  I fight to remain still, every nerve on edge, ready to
leap up as I quietly kneel.

I hear Him move towards His chair and feel the movements as He sits, still not
saying a word.  Is the rustle of paper I hear the list that He left me?  Is He
checking it over to see that I completed each task?  Did I do well?  I wait,
breathlessly.

I feel His hand on my shoulder.  He must have leaned forward in His chair,
though I hadn't heard it.  This startles me a little, the not knowing where He
may move next.  His strong, large hand passes along my shoulder to my neck and I
feel Him against my bare skin for the first time, the warmth in His touch making
me want to melt.  He reaches forward to my collar and hooks a finger through the
ring in it...  pulling it forward slightly.  I scurry to follow His movements as
I am pulled to kneel between His legs.

I whimper softly, knowing I am not to speak, but longing to greet my Beloved
with every part of me.  I feel His warm breath against my skin as He leans
forward again, His mouth close against my ear.  I melt at His words, hearing Him
whisper, "good girl".

His voice sends shocks along my spine, straight to my core.  I whimper softly
again, feeling the heat in the core of me deepening, the dew along the petals of
this delicate flower of slave heat growing into a deep honey as my desire grows
with each moment.  A soft purr of desire and longing escapes my lips as I fight
again to remain still.

I hear Him chuckle softly, sending another wave of longing through me.  He
softly says, "ah... you are hungry tonight, slave" as He leans back in His
chair.  still not allowed to speak I whimper again and slowly nod.  I hear a
slight rustle, then the metallic click of His belt buckle coming undone. I
shiver softly before Him, concentrating on each sound as He undoes His pants.  I
wait, breathless, wondering what will be asked of me.

Suddenly He grabs my hair at the back of my head, His hand twining through my
curls as He roughly pulls me forward.  I lose my balance,  unable to catch
myself with my hands, and my face is soon pressed against Him. He holds me there
a moment, and sensing His desire of me, I slowly raise my face a little and
begin to tentatively lick, my tongue lightly flickering down the length of His
shaft, down over His testes.  I open my mouth and gently suck them inside, my
tongue swirling softly around them as i hear His murmur of approval.  My
movements become more sure, more teasing as my tongue continues it's way.  I
pull back slightly, letting his testes slip from my lips then blowing cool air
across them.  I lean forward again, following my tongue as I cannot see..
licking my way back up to His shaft then sucking the half erect length of it
into my mouth.

My lips begin to slowly slide up and back, sucking hard as I pull back to
stretch the semi erect flesh slightly.  As I feel Him grow to arousal in my
mouth I begin to squirm, the sensations making my own heat grow incredibly
hotter, incredibly deeper.

Fully aroused now, I glide up and back quicker along the shaft.  I hear Him moan
in happiness and redouble my efforts, each time sliding down  til the tip of His
head is just against the back of my thoat.  I hear a soft growl as His hands
twine through my hair again, this time pulling me up and back on His shaft.  I
moan, my hips rocking and writhing helplessly in longing and desire as I feel
Him using my mouth for His pleasure.  He pulls my head down hard, impaling my
throat completely, holding me there for a moment in His pleasure.

At that, He begains fucking my mouth in earnest, thrusting His hips upward as He
pulls me down against Him. The harder and rougher He penetrates my mouth, the
more I squirm in longing and desire between His legs.  I could feel the small
erectness of my clit pressing out from it's hood in need, the wetness spreading
even to my tops of my thighs as His movements become more urgent.

Suddenly He pulls me down hard against Him, His shaft buried in my throat as He
pumps the gift of His seed into me.  Soft little moans and gasps of pleasure
escape my mouth around His shaft as He holds me there.

After a moment, His hands release my head and I am able to pull back slightly,
gasping a little for air, my head resting against the inside of His thigh.  Ever
so gently He runs a hand along the side of my face and through my hair, and
again I hear the words i had so longed for; "good girl".

I smile softly in pleasure at His words, but my hips continue rocking steadily
in desire, soft whimpers of need escaping my lips.  Holding me by my collar he
pushes me back a bit with one hand, and reaches between my legs with the other. 
As i feel His hand against my lips, my hips arch forward hard, trying vailiantly
to press and grind against Him.  once again I hear His soft chuckle as one
finger slips inside my wetness.  I moan deeply, nearly melting with the
pleasure, then just a quickly am whimpering in distress as He removes His hand
completely and sits back up.

Using my collar, He pulls me to my feet with Him and along behind Him as He
crosses the room.  He unhooks the chain from the handcuffs for a moment, long
enough to draw my hands over my head, then cuffs them both to a chain overhead. 
I whimper and rock my hips forward, trying desperately to find some sort of
contact with Him, but He whispers to me to be still and I try to be, but my body
still arches and writhes in need and desire.

I hear Him walk away, leaving me there for a while.  I am unsure of where He is,
what He is doing.  I whimper softly, my hips still rocking slowly, alone and
afraid.

When my movements start to wane, my desire fading slightly, I hear Him return. 
He runs His hands gently along my body, teasing me, tweaking my nipples,
pinching and pulling on them hard, pressing a thigh against my heat between my
legs for me to grind against for a moment, each time leaving again once I am
fully aroused and begging, then returning whenever my passion begins to fade.

I begin to lose track of time.  Nothing exists any longer except the pleasure i
long for, the touch of my Master.  I have no idea if hours or minutes have
passed, and I have no idea how many times He has come back to me and left again. 
My skin feels warm to me, almost as though I am fevered, though i know it is
only the fever of desire.

He leaves me for longer and longer times, it taking longer for my desire to fade
away each time, til it doesn't seem to leave me at all.  I hear His return
again, and my hips begin reflexively thrusting.  I am exhausted but still my
body is taut with longing and desire.  Slowly, He turns me around til my back is
facing Him and gently runs His hands along my skin, the touch light, posessive.

I feel the twirl of the floggers trails against my back as He lightly caresses
me with it.  Reduced to a moaning, writhing creature of desire, i can only arch
my back in pleasure and press by bottom backwards, thrusting it out for Him.

At the first rough kiss of the flogger my eyes roll back and my body shudders. 
Each stinging smack of it against my skin, slowly growing harder sends new
shivers through me.  I writhe and arch, never knowing where it will land next,
sometimes my back, sometomes my bottom, sometimes my thighs... then, shocking me
to the core, He reaches around and lets it curl around my breasts as it lands...
subsequent blows land on my stomach and ribs, the fronts of my thighs; He covers
my entire body with the floggers kiss.

I begin begging, no longer able to control myself, breaking the rule of not
speaking but unable to help it any longer.  A series of hard blows on my
backside bring tears stinging to my eyes beneath the blindfold.  My body aches
and shudders in pain but the desire within me only grows stronger.  After a few
moments i feel Him pressed against me, His shaft hard and erect again and i
begin to beg in earnest.

I hear the flogger hit the floor beside me as He grabs me from behind and with
one sudden hard thrust penetrates me fully.  I cry out sharply in pleasure,
rocking my hips back against Him as He takes me roughly, hard, mercilessly
pounding at my body as His hands find their way around to my breasts.  Already
sensitive from the licks of the flogger, I gasp and moan as He squeezes them
tightly, then rakes His nails savagely against the tenter flesh.

He grabs the nipples between His fingertips and begins to slowly squeeze 
tighter and tighter til i squeal in pain.  He twists and tugs at them, all the
while pounding hard up into me.  I beg to be allowed to release and at first the
answer is a sharp "no slave, not yet" hissed in my ear.  I fight to control the
reactions of my body, to keep away from that edge of orgasm but the pressure
inside me is growing and i become desperate, begging helplessly for orgasm,
filled with the knowledge that my pain or pleasure is completely at His
discretion, and only for Him, not for me, for the moment He chooses, not I.

Finally I hear the words I have been waiting for, "Yes, slave, come for Me" and
I explode in a wrenching orgasm, the cries and shrieks of  pleasure echoing the
shuddering and quivering of my body before Him.  I feel His release within me at
the peak of my pleasure, which only extends my own orgasm, sending wave after
wave of indescribable pleasure through me.

As He releases my wrists and I crumple into His arms, He bringing me down to a
pile of pillows on the floor to curl around me, I again hear the words that make
a girl's life full... as He whispers again, "good girl".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kitty


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





