BDSM Library - The Training of Lainnie




The Training of Lainnie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive in training, Slow to start.
The Training of Lainnie


Lainnie sat staring into her coffee, her brain was in over drive. She had been
married to Michael for only 4 months and she was convinced he was having an
affair. She loved him dearly, and she didn't know what she had done wrong, but
the tell tale signs were there. He would call her from work and say he had an
urgent meeting to attend, and didn't know what time he would be home.

She wasn't sure if she was convincing herself, or if in fact it was true and she
was trying to deny it. But all in all lately he hardly spent any time with her.
They used to go for drives on a Saturday, now what did he do, he has taken up
playing hockey, well at least that's what he is telling her, and she is here
staring into space not knowing. The tears started to fall, Michael was and
always will be her only lover, she was adamant that should he leave her, she
would never be involved with another.

Michael sat next to Johhny, his colleague at work. Johnny had ordered 2 coffees,
this restaurant was outside the city, so no one would see them here, he hoped.

" You know Johnny I feel so bad for Lainnie, I cant imagine what she must be
thinking, but I so want to save our marriage and I don't know how"

Johnny thought for a moment, he knew Michael loved his wife dearly, but he also
knew he needed help, he wasn't sure if Michael was ready for His kind of
assistance, but he thought to hell with it, it's now or never.

" You know I could probably help you Michael, all these meetings we have had
over the past few weeks have at least told me something, that is that you would
be willing to do anything to save yer marriage, but what you havnt told me is,
what is it that's wrong, communication, sex? What?"

" Oh we can communicate great, we talk about everything" Michaels face started
to redden, " It's the sex I guess, see I was her 1st lover, she is unsure and
she doesn't want to ,well, experiment. Once she had 4 glasses of wine, and I
asked her to go down on me, she looked at me as if she didn't know me, so I
quickly changed the subject and never mentioned it again, and she has never
drank more than 2 glasses of wine since" Michael sighed he didn't know what he
could do.

"OK Michael, are you willing to come meet some people who may, and I underline
may, be able to help you out, I mean I could, but maybe if you saw what these
people do then, perhaps you can get a better grasp on it, and I might add, some
of those people were in exactly the same position you are in now, and they have
greatly improved their sex lives and their wives are content, well more than
content, but you get the picture?"

" At this point Johnny I would be open to almost anything"

Johnny picked up his cell phone and made a call, " Lets go Michael"

They both got up and left the restaurant, and Michael started on a journey that
he hoped would be the answer to his dilemma.



Lainnie washed the cup, and stared out her window, still very teary, and wishing
she could turn back time to how it was. She remembered the time when Michael had
asked her to go down on him, she thought at that time omg what will he think of
me if I do this, and how gross to be doing that kind of thing, having a mans
thing in your mouth, yukkkk. But as she thought about it, she felt kind of warm
in her tummy, she quickly chastised herself and put those thoughts away.

She heard someone come in, " Lainnie you in"  it was Christine her neighbour,
and the wife of one of Michaels colleagues, Johnny.

" Hey Chris I am in the back kitchen come through"

Chris made her way through the house, and saw Lainnie pour coffee, she also saw
that she was red eyed, she had been crying again!

"Oh hun whats up"?

" I think Michael is having an affair" and with that being said aloud she
started to sob harder.

"No, no sweetie, Michael would never do that to you"

Then Lainnie began to explain all the times he didn't come home and why she was
now convinced that he had another woman.

Chris thought about the times Lainnie had mentioned and inwardly smiled, those
days are the same timed That her Johnny had also been absent from the home, but
he had told her it was organisation business, and she knew what that meant. It
meant another marriage was in trouble and the Organisation was trying to help.
Now it all made sense, but she couldn't tell Lainnie, instead she said, " wait
all those days and times Johnny also was not home so there must have been
meetings, silly"

Lainnie looked stunned, she said " Oh are you sure, please tell me again its
true"

Chris hugged her and said it was and that all was well, but she knew she had to
contact Johnny and let him know of this, and perhaps offer her help at this end.

" You finish making coffee, I have some nice cake in my house I will go get it
ok? "

Lainnie nodded, she felt so relieved now, all that stupid thinking that Michael,
her Michael would be with another woman, how silly of her. She had an idea,
tonight she would prepare a special meal for him, his favourite, Rib Eye steak,
with all the trimmings he so liked



"Johnny its me can you talk, I know Michael is there with you, but I have to
tell you something"

"Hi darlin yes sure talk away, whats up?"

Chris explained what had just taken place with Lainnie, and her concerns and her
willingness to help if she could, Johnny sighed, " Oh baby this is bad , this is
real bad, OK Michael is at the bank, he had to pay a bill. This is what I am
doing at my end" He told her where they were going and some of what Michael had
told him, especially the part about the Blow Job reaction.

" Right this is what I want you to do if ya can Chris, be very gentle with her,
lead her into the conversation, if need be tell her where we were 2 years ago or
at least where you were"

Chris still got embarrassed when she thought back to the niave, ignorant woman
she was then. She learned, the Organisation taught Johnny and in turn he taught
her, and OK it was hard, and sometimes she thought she would not last, but she
did and now her and Johnny were so complete. In the words of the Organisation,  oh but the learning
process, she wondered if Lainnie was strong enough to endure it. Her mind went
back to the first time Johnny had taken control of her, she shivered at that
memory, and she relished it.

"OK Johnny I will try my best" and with that she hung up the phone.



Michael got back in the car and they made their way to the Organisation HQ

They didn't say much on the way, Michael was full of questions but decided to
wait until he saw what was on offer.



Chris returned with a freshly baked cake, and they each had a slice with their
coffee.

"Lainnie can I ask you a question"

"Sure you can, you are my best friend you can ask me anything"

Chris took a deep breath.

" Sex, you and Michael and sex, how is it?"

" Oh my, I didn't expect that question" Lainnie's face was bright red

Chris saw her embarrassment, but knew this was only the beginning, any
embarrassment she felt now would be nothing compared to what she would feel
later.

"Well talk to me, tell me what sex is like, how often do you have it, how do you
do it, etc etc"

" Oh oh, well, we kinda have sex well, Oh, I am so shy about talking of this, I
mean what would Michael say if he knew?"

Chris smiles, she knew exactly what Michael would say. " Well I am not going to
tell him, I am just trying to grasp your situation and maybe in the process I
can help you"

Lainnie took a deep breath, " OK we have sex maybe once or twice a week and he
is on top, once he wanted me to kiss his thing, but I cant do THAT its terrible
! I mean why would someone want to do that anyway?"

" Lets get one thing clear here, its not a thing, it's a cock, and that's the
only word I want you to use when describing anything that involves the word
COCK, OK?"

Lainnies face at this was a picture, Chris knew it, but the word  was not
where they were going.

"Now tell me again about the blow job incident"

"Well, we had been out for dinner, and when we came home and went to bed,
Michael kinda pushed my head down towards his thing, I mean cock, and he wanted
me to kiss it I think, but I got so upset over it, that he hasn't asked me
again, thank God"

" And you always have sex in the same position? I mean you never ride his cock?"

" Oh no, I could never do that, I mean he would think me like a slut, or a
prostitute"

Chris shook her head.

" Do you have any idea how wonderful it is to have a cock in you mouth, so suck
on it, lick it, and hear your man moan with pleasure, pleasure that you are
giving him. And then to taste his cum, feel him throb inside your mouth as you
tease and play with his cock?"

Chris knew the words she was using were alien to Lainnie's usual terminology,
but by the end of this day she wanted to have her thinking like a slut, because
that is what she is going to become. But in the best possible way, because being
sluttish in her thoughts and actions, she will be the sexiest thing that Michael
ever fucked in his life.

Lainnie just looked at Chris, " Do you do that to Johnny, I mean you do what you
just said?"

"What, what did I just say, tell me, repeat what I said"

Lainnie, repeated to Chris she used the words cum, throb, cock lick, and Chris
smiled.

"I don't know if I could do that Chris, I mean I don't think its right, to have
a mans c c cock in your mouth" she stammered trying to say cock.

" Ha hahahahaha you poor wee soul you have no idea what you are missing, had
Michael ever licked your cunt, tongued your clit?" Chris wanted to add ass, but
decided that would be best kept for later, to much to soon and she would lose
this battle.

Tears started again to well up in Lainnies eyes, " NO Chris, that's just to
horrid to think about"

"Think about this, Michael fingers your cunt right?, well now think about his
fingers being replaced by his tongue, working your clit, licking it, rolling it
around in his mouth. Now what does that do for you"

Lainnie, was imagining what Chris had said to her, and there was no doubt, she
felt something rise in her, what that was she didn't know right now, nor did she
know how to deal with it.

" Make some more coffee OK, and we will discuss this in more detail if you wish"

Shakily Lainnie rose up to put the perculator on, her mind was certainly not on
making coffee, she was overloaded with things that until 1/2 an hour ago were as
alien to her, as saying the word Cock out loud.



Johnny pulled up outside a large house, and both of them got out the car and
walked towards the front door. Before they reached it, a man in a very expensive
looking suit, opened it and ushered them both inside. Johnny introduced Michael
to James, and they shook hands.

" What exactly can we do for you Michael?" James was straight to the point

Micheal looked to Johnny for help, and yes Johnny took over answering for
Michael.

After Johnny explained Michaels predicament, James offered 2 choices.

"OK Michael we can do this the easy way or the hard way, the easy way would be
you allowing the Organisation to train your wife, or the Orgainsation trains you
and you deliver the training to your wife, the second option here is the hardest
for you. But the 1st option is easy for us, because we have the knowledge, and
we have no previous relationship issues with your wife. James always wanted the
answer to be , here you train her, he loved having new blood and seeing how they
develop.

Johnny interupted here, he knew that way the Organisation trained women, and
some men all be it they were few and far between, hell he was one of their
trainers.

" Maybe it would be best if Michael is trained in delivery 1st, then if he wants
or if he finds it to hard, then we could take over. What do you think Michael?"

"Well what training would I need? What is the difference between me taking this
on or the Organisation?, what will happen to Lainnie?"

" 1st and foremost, who ever delivers the training, be it you or us, Lainnie is
the prime objective here, she should not be hurt either physically or
emotionally beyond what she can handle.At the end of her training, if successful
and she completes it, then she will be a submissive creature to be adored and
loved. And you? What of you? Well men are inherently the dominant race, women
are stronger emotionally, but need to know how to treat their men and be
treated. You Michael will at the end of all this be the dominant partner, the
one who is the support, to cater to her needs and ensure that not only are you
fulfilled sexually, but 1st and foremost she is. You will be able to make her
near orgasm without touching her physically, she will be totally under your
control. You will be able to have her do things that even you have not thought
of, Right Johnny?" James winked at Johnny.

"Oh hell yes, James. Michael?"

"Yes"

"I would suggest in this instance you take on her training, give it 2 weeks,
then if you feel the need for our intervention, then we will consider taking
over"

" I have a question" Michael stuttered he was now not sure of all this.

"Please ask anything Michael"  James knew what the question would be, he had
heard it many times. He knew Michael was going to ask if his wife would be hurt.

" Well its Lainnie see, she is such a fragile person, wonderful, but will she
suffer pain?"

Both James and Johnny looked at each other, they were well versed in how to
answer this, James took the lead here.

" Your wife will suffer no more pain than she can endure, as I first stated she
will not be pushed further than her own limits"

Michael was resigned. " OK where do we begin?"

James poured then some drinks and they were all now quite visibly relaxed.

When Michael and Johnny left the Organisation, Michael had a sealed envelope, it
was instructions of what he was to carry out over the next few weeks.

Johnny has told Michael on the drive home, that he had been exactly where he was
now, he reiterated all this so Michael would not feel like he was on his own
here.

"Do you want to go somewhere Michael and look at whats inside that envelope, and
perhaps discuss it?"

"No Johnny, thanks but I think this is something I have to do on my own" Michael
was grateful for Johnny's offer, but he also knew if he were to be successful at
this, he had to make a stand.

"OK my friend, you know where I am if you need me"





" I have to go now Lainnie, Johnny will be home soon, and so I suspect will
Michael" Chris knew what Lainnie would be going through over the next few days,
she only hoped that Michael had decided to do the development himself, she
preferred the work development to training. Training seemed so cold, especially
when it was a development, like a flower blooming.

"OK Chris and hey, thanks for listening to me" She smiles as Chris got up and
left.

So much to take in, so much to learn. Little did she know right now that
whatever she was thinking would be out the window in a few hours.




Chapter 2.

The beginning of Lainnie's Development / Training.



Johnny parked up the car and they went their separate ways, Johnny to his
already trained wife, and Michael to his yet to be trained wife. Johnny wondered
still if Michael was capable of this, he knew how difficult it was for him 2
years ago, God only knew how Michael would react when he opened the envelope.



Michael opened his front door, to be met and hugged by Lainnie, "Oh what a nice
surprise honey, what have I done do deserve this?"

"Oh nothing baby, I just wanted to hug you, tell you that I love you"

Michael felt inside his pocket and fingered the envelope, desperate to find out
what it held, but he needed time on his own to do it.

"Think I will take a bath sweetie, I feel all grubby after the hockey"

"OK you want me to draw it for you?"

"No its OK you, go do what you were in the middle of when I came in"

With that Michael went upstairs to the bath room, and Lainnie went back to the
kitchen to cook his special meal. Little did she know that it would not be eaten
this night.



Michael climbed in the bath, laid back, then proceeded to open the envelope. He
was aghast at what it contained, so many instructions, but more than that, how
could he do this, HOW?

He read and re read, the more he read it the more, he was being turned on by
what he was to do. The letter also said at the bottom in large black print

THESE INSTRUCTIONS HAVE TO BE CARRIED OUT TO THE LETTER, NO JUMPING FORWARD
BEFORE ONE PART HAS BEEN MET AND ACCOMPLISHED.



Michael dried and dressed in clothes that were requested in the envelope, Jeans
with a belt, a button down shirt. He then picked up the other belt as ordered in
the instructions. Then went down stairs to start the 1st part of this
development. He made sure the doors were locked, and he unplugged the
telephones.

Walking into the kitchen where Lainnie stood with her back to him, he came up
behind her, and whispered in her ear, "Go upstairs NOW, and take a bath, and
shave all your cunt hair"

Lainnie started to turn round, but he grabbed her arms, " Do Not look at me,
simply do as I order"

But Lainnie did manage to turn round, her eyes said it all, " what are you
saying Michael, why are you talking to me like that?"

With that Michael turned her round with the extra belt he tied her hands behind
her, fastening it tightly so she could not get loose, then walked her to the
table, and bent her over it. He unzipped her shorts, pulling them down to her
knees, all the time she was crying, and asking him why was he doing this, but no
answer came from him. She was afraid, what was her Michael doing, why was he
treating her like this.

Bent over the table and shorts at her knees, Michael took a knife from the
drawer and cut her panties loose. He needed 2 more things, " DO NOT MOVE" he
instructed her. And she didn't she was to scared, she laid over that table and
felt embarrassed knowing her naked bottom was on show, hell she had not even
undressed in front of Michael ever, and now she was like this, but something was
stirring in her, she couldn't quite place it, but, she felt it.

Michael came back. "Good girl, you didn't move, you will learn to obey me" He
felt strange saying these things to her, but then looking at her ass, bare and
so pale he was also very excited.

He reached round and gagged her with one of his ties, then he lifted her ass and
placed a cushion under it, so that it was raised high in the air.

She strained her ears to hear what he was doing, her mouth felt so dry, and what
she heard made her heart beat fast and hard.

Michael undid the belt he was wearing and drew it very slowly through the loops
on his jeans, making sure she heard it.

And as he looked at her ass, he could see some wetness through her cunt hairs.
This made him even more sure that perhaps he was doing the right thing.

He rolled the belt round his hand, leaving about 12 inches loose, he then
pressed her back into the table, and with one swipe backwards he let the belt
slap on her ass, he watched as it reddened after the 1st strike. Lainnie muffled
a surprised cry, she felt her ass hot, but more was to come, as per instructions
he had to belt her ass 12 times 4 to each cheek and 4 to the whole ass.

After the 1st 4 on each cheek, he knew his beautiful wife was sobbing hard, but
he also noticed her moist cunt, Oh how he wanted to fuck her right now, but he
knew he couldn't, he had more so much more to do this evening before he would
feel his throbbing cock being massaged by her cunt muscles. He finished the last
4 strikes, saw her ass so red, it looked sore as well, but she had to learn
obedience. He drew the envelope out again and re read the 1st nights
instructions, this part he was so looking forward to. 

Only after she has shaved her cunt hairs, and you have brought her to climax at
least 3 times,may you throat fuck her. She must swallow all of the cum, if any
spills, she must be punished, and made aware that each time she does not obey,
she will be punished. We suggest a belt in the 1st few instances. Then we
suggest, either a riding crop, or something equal to that. We have enclosed a
list of recommended stores where you can purchase things that you will need for
training, such as thigh, knee and ankle spreaders. Gags of various sorts as the
training progresses. Please always remember, to have a successful submissive,
she has to orgasm before you, unless refusal to orgasm is part of the
punishment.

"Now will you go bathe and shave your cunt hairs, or do I have to do it?"

Lainnie could only nod her head.  He lifted her upright, and undid the belt that
was holding her writs together, he then bent down and removed her shorts.

He looked at her tear stained face, he felt so sorry for her, but as the
instructions stated,

At no time allow you emotional feelings to hinder this process, to feel sorry
for the trainee will only result in disaster.

Still gagged Michael pushed her towards the stairs. She stumbled forward and
nearly tripped, but he caught her and made sure she was free from harm.

Michael walked her up stairs and left her when she entered the bathroom.

Lainnie tried to sit on the toilet while the bath was running, but she jerked up
when she felt the pain of her being belted. So she stood and waited for it to
fill, having got out razors and cream to shave herself, something she had never
done in her life.

She stepped into the bath and sat down gently feeling the water sting again on
her so sore ass cheeks, but she laid back, and thought about what had just taken
place, she was strangely excited about this, she knew because she felt her clit
hard, and she was wet. Gathering the razor and cream she started to shave her
hair, she went through 3 blades to complete this. After she washed and showered
off, she applied some cream to her now shaven cunt, feeling it smooth to her
touch.

"You better not be much longer in there, I am waiting, you will be punished
again if I have to wait much longer" Michael shouted from out side the bathroom
door.

She scurried about and then opened the bathroom door, she was standing wrapped
in a towel.

"Did I say you could cover yourself, now loose the towel and follow me"

She did as she was told, and followed him into the bedroom.

"I want you to kneel down here, with you legs wide open, wide as you can, then I
want you to lean back, head on the floor, DO IT NOW"

She knelt in front of him, opening her knees, exposing her now smooth cunt, she
then laid back. Knowing she was on full view to him, but also she didn't want to
be punished again. He opened her cunt lips, and found her already hard clit, he
rubbed it back and forward, moving the hood up and down. She let out a moan, her
legs were shaking, she had never experienced a feeling like this before. She
felt hot, her body was now sweating, as Michael continued this wanking motion,
working her clit and then she felt him push one finger then 2 into her wet hole.

She climaxed violently, as if it were the 1st time she had actually orgasmed,
she wanted respite but none was to come as Michael continued toying with her
clit, and soon she was to cum again. She had never cum 2x like this ever, this
was nearly to much for her to take in.

"Look at you, you are loving this, does your ass still feel hot from my belt?"
he asked her as he relentlessly pushed fingers inside her, hard and fast,
feeling how god damned wet she was, he was surprised. His thumb rolled over and
over her clit as he finger fucked her once again to a climax, that made her
whole body quake and tremble.

"Answer me, does your ass feel hot, does your cunt feel good?"

"no, I mean y y yes" she stuttered

"No , yes what kind of an answer is THAT"?

" I mean yyyes my ccccunt feels good, and nnnno, my ass does not feel so bad
now"

"Oh it doesn't does it, well we will have to see about that, turn over NOW, on
your knees, legs spread, ass high" he ordered.

She immediately regretted having said her ass was better, she knew she was going
to pay for that.

She knelt ass high and legs spread wide open, Michael saw her swollen cunt lips
where he had fucked her hard with his fingers, Oh how he wanted his cock in
there, but he had to wait.

This time he did not use his belt on her ass, but one of her slippers, over and
over again he thwacked her, and she let out loud cries the more he laid into
her.

" Shut the fuck up, or do you want me to gag you again?"

She shook her head as she felt her ass on fire, and she stifled her moans.

"Right, lets see what we have here" He rubbed his hands over her ass, feeling
the heat, and with a swift movement slapped each ass cheek hard with the palm of
his hand. This was the 1st time he had used his hands, and it felt good to him,
he thought he must do this more often.

"Now come here and kneel in front of me"

She turned around and did as she was told.

He undid his jeans allowing his now swollen cock to pop out.

"Suck it, lick it, I am going to cum in your mouth and you are going to swallow
all of it" He was shaking inwardly himself at this, she had never given him a
blow job, he had to make sure he didn't cum to soon.

"No Michael please, please dont make me do this"

He grabbed her hair and pulled her forward, he held his cock and pointed it to
her closed mouth. She was shaking her head back and forth.

"Do you want to suck my cock or should I use the belt on you again, perhaps the
tits this time?"

She relented and opened her mouth, not quite sure of what to do, but she knew
she didn't want to feel that belt on her tits or anywhere else for that matter.
So she did what she thought he wanted, she sucked on his cock, licked the tip
and down the shaft. He moaned slightly, and grabbing her hair he jerked his hips
forward, pushing his cock deep into her mouth, in and out he used her mouth like
he would a cunt.

She gagged at him forcing his cock to the back of her throat, but she then
remembered what Chris had said, and she started to relax sucking and licking
feeling him throb, and tasting his salty pre cum. Soon she felt his body shake
and she knew he was going to shoot his cum into her mouth, she was not prepared
however for the amount, he just kept cumming and cumming, she tried to swallow
as fast as she could but no matter how hard she tried some seeped out the
corners of her now ravished mouth.

" HMMMMMMMMMMM  u disobey ME, after I explicitly told you what to do, what am to
do with you?"

"I am sorry, I am so sorry, I tried Michael really I did"

He knew she did, and he was pleased with how she fucked him with her mouth, but
he had to follow instructions.

" Stay there, do NOT move"

She knelt where he left her, she wondered what he was doing, as she heard him
open drawers in the kitchen, soon she was to find out. He came back in the room
with various things, a wooden spoon, a long handled spatula and a wide based
flat pancake flipper. Omg she saw what his intentions were, he was going to use
them on her. She pleaded with him, saying how sorry she was and that next time
she would do better, she followed him around the room on her knees, crying
begging him not to punish her any more.

"Did I tell you, you could move? Did I tell you that you could speak??? NO"

She buried her face in her hands, sobbing, knowing what she had done now to
worsen things.

He took hold of her hair and pushed her face down on the bottom of the bed, he
pulled her legs apart and tied them by the ankles to each side. Then he pulled
her hands up tight to the top of the bed and also secured them, she was now face
down star fashion.

Then as an after thought, he gagged and blindfolded her.

He stood back an looked at her, defenceless, and he felt his cock once again
stir to life. He once again looked at what it said in the envelope.

After she has cum at least 3x, and any punishment has been delivered, she must
be fucked in the ass, this has to be ruthless, so that she knows her position.
She is to become your submissive, always remember that, a Submissive partner is
strong.

He picked up the wooden spoon and began to slap her ass an legs with it, once
again seeing the redness appear. She jerked at each stroke but felt somehow
excited by this pain pleasure sensation. She was still to new at this to know
where to put these feelings.

"I am going to fuck your ass Lainnie, it will be better if you do not resist, it
will make this easier for you. Know this I am going to take your virgin ass one
way or the other"

She struggled and tried to break free of her restraints but it was useless.

He pulled apart her ass cheeks, and saw the tight ass hole waiting to be
plundered by his cock. This thought made his cock spring up to full attention.
He bent over her, pushing at her entrance, feeling her resist, but he won this,
he slid his cock deep into her ass, pumping back and being ruthless, not giving
her time to adjust. Ploughing back and forward, grabbing her hair and hips as he
ripped into her.

Her ass feeling hot on his stomach as he ground and ground deeper into her, he
was now about ready to cum, and Oh how this was going to be good.

She on the other hand felt sore and was sure her body was being split in 2, she
felt her rectum was going to explode, but she also had another sensation, all
through this sodomising of her, she felt hot, she knew her clit was hard, and
she wanted to cum bad. Her thoughts were confused, why would something so bad
feel so good? She flet his cock in her belly, prodding, throbbing, with each
thrust, then she began to relax, actually enjoying the feeling. Her body was
awash with sweat, and her heart beating so much that she thought it would burst
out of her chest. Then suddenly she felt it, she was cumming, her body reacting
to him, she was jerking out of control, and then "WOW Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
OOOOOooooooooooooo, yes yes fuck me fuck me" a voice in her head was screaming.
She bucked back into Michael feeling him devour her with his cock, as she
squirmed with the powerful orgasm that hit her full force.

Michael felt it too, he felt her body spasm, she was cumming, my  God she was
cumming  to being ass fucked.

He was pleased more than he could say, he stood up after having spurted his cum
deep in her ass, he slapped her cheeks, and went to the bathroom to clean up,
leaving her tied to the bed.

It felt like an eternity before he came back, and she yearned to feel him belt
her ass again, she needed to feel this submissive state. Was she now changing,
what had happened, in one night she has endured things that maybe most never
will in a life time. She smiled, she would make Michael happy, she would do this
again for him if he wanted, maybe not soon but she would later. Little did she
know that this was just the beginning, she had more, much more to go through
before she was a complete Submissive.



When Michael returned, he untied her, and held her close kissing her fore head,
nose and lips. He then told her she must rest, for there was much to accomplish
in the next few days. He looked forward to his shopping trip the next day.

TBC




Training of lainnie  part 3


Michael stirred awake, feeling his erection hard and throbbing. 2 days ago he
would have just had to get up and relieve himself in the private, but now things
had changed.

He nudged lainnie awake and directed her head down to his swollen cock. She at
first started to resist, until he took a hard swipe at her ass. She got the
message soon enough, and she started sucking and licking his cock, her mouth
enclosing over it as she sucked and toyed, tasting his pre cum. He pushed her
head down further until she had all of him inside her mouth. She started to gag,
but this made the sensations for Michael even better as her throat opened and
closed against the head of his throbbing manhood. He didn't take long to cum,
much to the relief of lainnie, and she swallowed all making sure she also
cleaned him up.

He got out of the bed without saying anything, and made for the bathroom to
shower and dress for work While in the shower he contemplated what items he
would purchase from the store, he also wondered if perhaps lainnie did need the
extra training offered by the Organisation. He decided to run this by Johnny
later on today, but right now he was hungry, very hungry in fact. He realised
with all the previous evenings events he had not eaten.

Coming out of the bathroom he saw lainnie was still laying in the bed, "Why are
you still here, why are you not making me breakfast?"

She stared at him in disbelief, this was not the Michael she knew, and last
night what the hell was all that about. She did admit to herself that she had
mostly enjoyed it, and that having her ass spanked and belted did somewhat turn
her on. But this would not continue, she was not his slave, he could go get his
own breakfast she thought, in fact after last night he should be making her
breakfast. And  she said as much to Michael

"YOU want ME to make YOU breakfast?" He yelled at her.

"Get over here NOW and kneel in front of me, legs spread and open that cunt of
yours wide"

"Oh Michael that's enough now, you had your fun, now stop this sillyness" she
had no idea what she was in for now.

"Sillyness, you bitch, you have 3 seconds to get the fuck over here in front of
me, I am not repeating this again"

She just lay on the bed, laughing nervously, now not quite so sure of herself,
but decided to be adamant, she didn't make any move to do as Michael ordered.

Michael didn't believe what was happening, he thought after last night she would
have learned, but no. He moved over to her and grabbed her hair, dragging her of
the bed, she started to protest, when he slapped her. This stunned her into
silence as he dragged her kicking to the floor. He forced her on her knees, and
as soon as he did she started to rise. "I have just about had enough of this
shit" He walked over to the dresser and brought the belts he had used last
night. Grabbing her hands roughly he tied them behind her at the wrists, then
looped the belt round her ankles. This made her back arch, and her legs wide
open, exposing her newly shaven cunt. Michael then got the gag.

After making sure she was securely trussed and silent, he told her she would
remain like that until he came home from work. She started shaking her head and
trying to speak, but it was useless as she watched him leave the room, then she
heard the front door close.

She started sobbing at the thought of having to be tied like this for at least 9
hours.

Michael was livid, he was so angry that he called Johnny.

"Hey Michael how did you get on, now I don't want detail OK" Johnny laughed down
the phone to Michael.

"Johnny you wont believe this" He told Michael briefly of last night and whathad
just happened this morning.

"Oh damn Michael, well it does take time, took me near a week to get some kind
of control over Chris, and even then, well OK best I tell you, I had hoped you
maybe avoid the Organisation assisting, but I had to send Chris there for 2
weeks. When she came back she was well adjusted, she however has never really
spoken about it." Johnny didn't want to tell Michael that he was a trainer and
that if he sent lainnie there, it would be likely that he would have a part to
play in her development.

"You know Johnny I have left her tied up and gagged, told her she would have to
stay like that until I got back from work, but I cant help feeling sorry for
her, she is my wife and I love her"

Johnny pondered on whether he should suggest Chris go there and try to help, but
decided that if at anytime Chris would be needed it would be later on in
lainie's training.

"Maybe you will need the Organisation's help after all. Listen Michael see how
it goes tonight OK, then if you still get no response then, then contact James"

Johnny really did not want lainnie taken over by the Organisation, he hoped
maybe she learned her lesson after today.

"Yeah OK Johnny, I will do, and hey thanks"  Michael disconnected his cell
phone, and continued driving to work.

Johnny dialled his home number. "Chris honey we may have a problem" He went on
to tell her what Michael had told him. He hears her take a deep breath when the
Organisation was mentioned.

"Oh Johnny, I hope and pray for lainnie's sake that Michael succeeds here"

"I know baby I know, I just wanted to let you know not to go over there today"

Chris put the phone back in the cradle, she was shaking her head. She knew what
would happen to lainnie if Michael decided to enlist the Organisation, although
what she didn't know was Johnny also working for them.

Meanwhile lainnie had long given up trying to get out of her binds, now she had
a more important issue, she desperately needed to pee. Her tummy hurt in trying
to keep it in, her pussy muscles hurt for the same reason. She could just make
out the clock on the bedside table, it was only a quarter after ten, she would
never last until six or seven this evening. She decided to try and sleep in the
hope that she might wake and this would be a dream, or being realistic that when
she woke time would have passed quickly.

Time was to pass slower than ever for lainnie, sleep did not come, and after an
agonising three more hours her bladder let her down, She felt the warm liquid
flow down her legs and seep into the carpet. Leaving her lying on the soiled
mess she had made. But she felt relief and did sleep after that.

Next thing she knew, she was being pulled up by her hair. She tried to open her
eyes but she saw nothing, she panicked before she realised that she had been
blindfolded.

"You dirty Bitch, you fucking wet yourself. Now you will be sorry" Michael
roared at her.

He undid her ties, only to re do them, he pushed her on her belly fastening her
wrists to her ankles. This produced the effect of her face being flat on the
carpet, and her ass high in the air.

Michael delved into the purchases he had made on his way home from work.

He bought out a riding crop, this he thought would do for starters, he now was
more adamant that he wanted to be the once who trained lainnie, not a bunch of
strangers, but he acknowledged that if after tonight she acted the same way, he
would have no hesitation in contacting James.

Michael took the crop and raised it high in the air before bringing it down hard
on the top of lainnie's legs.  Whhhhooosssshhhhhh    crackkkkk, he covered her
ass in stripes, it was now redder than ever before, and it looked of so
fuckable, but according to the envelope, before he could fuck her, she had to
cum at least three times.

The shock of the first contact on her ass from the crop did not have time to
sink in before another and another, she tried to wriggle away but everytime she
moved an inch the crop bore down on her harder and faster, until she gave up
moving at all.

She did however feel a heat not only from her ass and legs, but the familiar one
from last night when Michael had used his belt on her. She wanted to cum and she
wanted to cum bad.

Michael used the crop to open her cunt lips, he was amazed when he saw how wet
she was.  "You like this slut don't you? You want more I can see how your cunt
is, you want MORE don't you?"

She tried to shake her head, but she could hardly breath as stroke after stroke
hit her legs and ass.

Michael knelt behind her and cupped his hand between her legs, she wanted his
fingers inside her, she moved back onto Michaels hand. He merely pulled it
away,and then replaced it over and over again. Lainnie was fucking fresh air,
her need to cum so bad, that she saw colors.

Then Michael pressed his fingers into her already open cunt, two, then three,
then four, he fucked her roughly like this for a few minutes. Her body was
trembling as she pushed on to his hand, hoping to engage her clit so she could
get release. Michael could see what she was trying to do, and avoided any
contact with her clit. Instead he withdrew his fingers from her and went back to
his purchases.

He brought out a thigh spreader and an eight inch vibrator.

He opened her thighs and buckled each end of the spreader, thus making her cunt
and ass hole available for anything he wished to place in there, like this
vibrator he now held in his hand.

A buzzing noise could be heard and lainnie wondered what it was, she was soon to
find out.

Michael took the vibrator and inserted it into her soaking cunt, in and out and
speeding up the vibrations when it was deep inside her. He twisted and turned it
as he fucked her with his new toy. She bucked back onto it needing wanting to
cum.

" Oh so you like this fucking you slut, you cunt is wetter than ever, yes come
on push back on it fuck this thing, that's it back and forward, and if you fuck
it good I might let you cum, would you like THAT"

Her head nodded as violently as her body bucked onto the vibrator that was
filling her cunt.

All Michael would have to do was touch her swollen and throbbing clit and he
would have her screaming in orgasm.

He withdrew the vibrator and replaced it with his fingers, this time his thumb
rubbed on her clit. Her body stiffen and then shook so violently that his finger
slid out of her, but he was able to watch her cunt pulse in her orgasm, this
fascinated him.

He pulled her towards him bringing her back into position, this time he pulled
back the hood of her clit, exposing that bud that held all the nerve endings. He
switched the vibrator back on and placed it on her now open clit, her body went
crazy, she jerked and bucked, this was a new experience for Michael and he was
loving it, he had her delirious, he was touching a spot that was protected from
this but now he had it, he circled the vibrator over and over it, he lost count
how many times lainnie had cum, five maybe six. She was exhausted, he knew she
needed a rest, but he checked himself, he could be emotional here.

He pushed the vibrator deep into her, then positioned himself at her ass and
held his cock at her ass entrance, and slid his cock slowly deeper and deeper,
when he was in up to his balls her body started again to shake, she was cumming
as she was being ass fucked. His cock was massaged to orgasm by her tight ass
muscles as she orgasmed.

His cum filled her hole and started seeping out and down her thighs.

"There now that's better, have you learned your lesson today, that I am Master
of this house and you. You are to do what I say when I say." He pulled her head
back as he made this statement, and took the blindfold from her eyes so she
could see he was serious. Her eyes were glazed, she was wayyyyyy past hearing
him, or caring for that matter.

He threw her back down and went to the bathroom.

She felt the sudden icy cold hit her face and looked up wondering what had
happened.

"So YOU think YOU can turn off when I am fucking you, for fucks sake am I not
good to you I made you cum more than you ever have in your life and you, decide
to switch off???????"

Tears mixed with the icy water he had thrown on her face rolled down her cheeks.
Her eyes pleading with him, to explain, what was wrong she didn't know, she
couldn't remember, but she knew she had once again been fucked in the ass
because she felt wet there and slightly sore.

He untied her, but kept the gag on, and told her to clean up the mess she had
made, then herself, then she was to make him dinner.

She staggered upright, and made her way to the bathroom managing only by holding
onto anything that was available on her way.

After she cleaned the carpet, she drew a bath, and very gently lowered herself
into it.

Michael took out the rest of his purchases, and laid them in plain sight of
lainnie, ensuring she would see them when she finished her bath. Whether she
would know what they were meant for was a different story, but tonight she would
be the recipiant of all he had bought.

He had told his work he was taking tomorrow of, so he was in no hurry to
practice with his new toys.

He went downstairs and switched on the TV, he soon heard her moving about
upstairs, and by the footsteps he could tell that she had stopped for a while at
the dresser. This made him smile, knowing that she knew she was not getting away
with what she did this morning.

Picking up something that looked like a small metal peg, lainnie couldn't figure
out what it was and wondered if this was for Michaels work, until she saw a
white rubber thing, that was ribbed, and had a wide end. This she knew was a
sexual thing, like the vibrator Michael had used on her but different, this was
solid and it didn't vibrate.

Michael timed how long she had stood still for, then shouted at her he wanted
his dinner and he wanted it now. She dropped the rubber thing and scurried down
stairs.

All through dinner Michael acted normally, telling her about his day, about
people at work, as if what had just taken place never!

She found it very hard to concentrate on what he was saying, she ate quickly and
cleaned up quicker.

Michael stated he was going to take a bath, and that she was to clear the table
off, and bring downstairs what she had been looking at.

Her face turned red with embarrassment, that he knew she had been doing that.

While he was in the bath, she did as she was told, and laid the things on the
table, then waited for Michael to come back down.

When he did finally come down he told her to remove the items and place them on
the counter top.

" Get up on the table, on you back NOW"

She looked at the table than looked at Michael, as if he was talking Chinese to
her.

"What's this, why are YOU still standing there, if I have to put your sorry ass
on that table its will be a lot worse than if you do it by yourself"

She climbed up on the table, her legs dangling over one end, and she folded her
arms over her chest. He handed her a firm foam cushion and told her to slide it
under the small of her back, thus raising her hips up.

He picked up and ankle bar and strapped it in turn to her ankles then to the
table legs, stretching her legs open and down. Then he took her wrists and tied
them to each side of the table. He replaced the gag with a ring gag, which meant
her mouth was stretched open. He then brought the next item what lainnie had
called metal pegs, taking each nipple in turn he tightened the 2 nipple clamps,
watching the rosy buds turn an angry shade of red. Lainnie was squirming and
trying to scream out, but the ring gag made that impossible. Next he took
another clamp, and opening her cunt lips he secured it on her clit. He could see
her eyes pleading with him to stop, tears came fast. But he knew he couldn't,
not now. He then got the rubber thing, it was a butt plug and he forced it into
her ass. She had pain all over her body, and in registering the pain, she also
felt that heat, that heat that made her body react in ways that she knew were
wrong.

Next he selected a dildo, it was bigger than the vibrator, and he pushed that
into her now swollen cunt. There, he stood back and admired his work. He went to
the top of the table, undid his jeans and slid the full length of his cock into
her ringed mouth. As he throat fucked her he slapped each tit in turn, making
not only the nipples look sore but the milky flesh also red .She couldn't do
anything to stop it, her mouth was forced open by the gag and now he was throat
fucking her. He was harsh and fast in this, he exploded down her throat in
minutes. He then tidied himself up and told her he was taking a nap, that he
would be back in a few hours. With that he left her with his cum running out of
her mouth, tears streaming down her face, nipples clamped and her ass and cunt
filled to capacity.



He lay on top of the bed, wondering again if he was doing the right thing, if he
would succeed on his own, then he drifted off to sleep.



Lainnie lay there on the table, her nipples hurt, her clit hurt, but she wanted
to orgasm, her whole body was on fire.



The ringing of the telephone woke Michael, he reached over the bed and picked up
the receiver. It was Johnny, he just wanted to know how things were going.
Michael said it was still to early to tell, but that tomorrow he would know for
sure. Johnny asked him how far along the instructions he was. Michael said about
three quarters, so he knew he had little time left. Michael hung up the phone
and checked the time, jeez he had slept for 3 hours.

When he went downstairs, he looked in on lainnie, what he saw thrilled him, she
didn't know he was there, and she was trying to move her body, he watched with
interest as she tried to get her body to stimulate her clit. He saw how wet she
was it was glistening on the edge of the vibrator he had in her cunt. Time for
orgasm denial he thought.

He made himself heard, and she immediately stopped writhing about.

He undid her ties and turned her over , her tummy raised over the foam cushion,
what a beautiful sight, her ass and cunt full and her ass high in the air.

He rubbed his hands over her ass cheeks, and then proceeded to slap each on in
turn, over and over again his hands came down on her. Then he got the riding
crop and continued with that. He liked how she reacted to her ass being
assaulted like that, he liked how it changed colors, and shook each time he
slapped her.

He left her like that for a minute while he poured himself a large drink,he
needed steady nerves for this next part. He took a big gulp and felt it burn
down his throat, he then laid the glass on the counter and picked up a long
needle and a ring.

Getting the thigh bar he attached it firmly in place, then he took of the clamp
on her clit. Lainnie felt the blood rush to her most sensitive spot, but before
she could take that sensation in, she felt something else, a sting not sure what
was happening, but she felt Michael pulling and twisting on her clit hood. She
now had her clit pierced!

He fetched another ring and did the same to each nipple in turn. lainies eyes
widened at this, the pain soared through her body, and she lost consciousness.

She awoke to find herself un - tethered and  the gag removed, she rubbed her
arms and legs. Michael handed her a drink which she gulped down her throat was
dry and sore. He told her to come stand next to him in the hall way , she did
and she saw herself in the full length mirror. Her nipples had rings in them and
two small trickles of blood ran down to her breasts. She looked down and saw the
ring in between her legs, when she saw this she turned to Michael and asked "
Why"

He didn't answer but motioned her to follow him back to the kitchen.

Johnny was worried, he decided to go over to Michaels house to see what was
going on, he told Chris he would be back soon. He was walking up the pathway to
Michaels house, when the door suddenly opened.

As Michael led the way back to the kitchen, lainnie turned and ran for the front
door, she didn't care if she was naked, she wanted out. She unlocked the door
and had it opened before Michael noticed that she wasn't following him, she ran
out of the door into Johnny.

" Hey whats up lainnie" Johnny said as he ushered her back in the house and
locked the door.

Michael was clearly embarrassed, and took hold of lainnie roughly and pulled her
upstairs, where he tied and gagged her.

"Shit Michael what the fuck happened"

Michael explained, and then Johnny said well Michael looks like its time to
involve the Organisation. Michael nodded, he felt he had failed.

"I will call James have it arranged as soon as possible, I have to go out of
town for a few days Michael, so while lainnie is with the Organisation, I want
Chris to stay here is that OK?"

" Chris stay here why?" Michael asked shocked.

" Because she is a complete Submissive Michael, you will learn from her, and
besides, she has never been left alone since her training ended. And its time
she was reminded of who is the boss" Johnny smiled.

Johnny made the call to James, a van would be there within the hour, lainnie was
to be tied, gagged and blindfolded.

He then went over to his house, and told Chris he had to go out of town and that
Michael would be taking care of her, and that she was to do as he said, Chris
started to object, but knew better.

Chris and Johnny walked over to Michael's house, " All will be well little one"

He hadn't called her that since she was in training, she knew that she was to be
Michael's Sub until Johnny returned. She looked up at him and smiled, saying how
much she loved him and would miss him while he was away, but that she would not
let him down.

They drank coffee in Michaels kitchen, waiting for the van to appear, and very
soon it did. Two men got out, they had a large trunk. Michael opened the door
and pointed upstairs. One of the orders James made that Michael was not to have
any contact with her until they deemed her ready to return home.

Michael watched as they pushed the trunk containing his wife into the van, the
banged the doors shut and drove away. Then Johnny said his goodbyes, promising
to call Michael and Chris when he arrived. And with that Michael closed the
door.



TBC




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lainnie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





