BDSM Library - America's Sexiest Home Videos




America's Sexiest Home Videos
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Award winning home videos that start off very innocent, but take a turn into different sexual situations. Several short stories.
Copyright (c) 2002,   Ninja.  ALL Rights Reserved


Author's note: Normally the rule is that another author never, never, NEVER
writes a story from a different author's story or story universe. For this story
universe it's different. All author's are invited to write vignettes for this
universe as long as they fit in the same style/world as the originals here.
Rules: 1) The videos have to be ones that started off innocent - it's not ok to
be filming one fuck scene and have something else happen. 2) They have to be
believable in that it could happen. It does not have to be believable that the
filming continues.


America's Sexiest Home Videos

By Ninja


	"Welcome to America's Sexiest Home Videos. I'm your host Jenna Jamison."

	"And I'm your host Julia Ann. We have some terrific videos for you
tonight."

	"And here's our first video. This is Anna and Chrissy throwing the
frisbee in the park -  Anna's dad is video taping them."  	"He sure is
giving Chrissy a lot of attention with that camera."

	"I would too, she's a hot little number. That's a really nice pair
almost spilling out of that halter top."

	"And catch the flash of her panties as she moves. But here comes the
scene."

	As the frisbee flies to Chrissy, we see a dog come charging in and jump
up to get the frisbee. He knocks Chrissy down on all fours and lands on top of
her. The dog immediately starts humping against her.

	Chrissy screams and tries to move away but the dog growls and bares his
teeth. Chrissy freezes.

	"It turns out that Chrissy is scared of dogs. She is afraid to move
because then she knows the dog will bite her."

	The camera zooms in on Chrissy's ass as the dog's humping has raised the
back of her skirt showing her ass and her cunt peeking out from the side of very
thin panties. We then see the dogs cock brushing against her leg.

	Chrissy starts crying and pleading. "Help, help, someone please help me"
she cries.

	We see the dogs cock start poking against her cunt. It keeps poking
until the panties are pushed to the side and the cock enters her pussy. The dog
immediately thrusts all the way in.

	"Oh my god not" Chrissy cries. "Someone please help me she pleads."

	The camera moves around to her face getting a full picture of the
anguish on her face, then moves under to show the cock pistoning in and out of
her cunt.

	"Well it turns out that Chrissy was a virgin before that day. So her
first lover will always have a bone to pick with her."

	"I understand that Anna and her father have taken Chrissy back to that
park several times since then. That's what friends are for."

	The audience applauds as the camera shows Chrissy, Anna, and Anna's
father in the audience. Chrissy is wearing a shirt that says "Bitch" on it and
is crying.

	"Everyone remembers their sweet 16 birthday."

	"And here is Lisa for part of hers. This was taken by her best friend
Rebecca."

	"As you can see, it's time for Lisa's birthday spankings."

	"Ooh - 16 spankings from each of her friends, that's going to hurt."

	"And as you can see, they are not showing her any mercy."

	The camera is on Lisa laying on a boys lap. He is slowly swatting her
butt hard with one hand while the other holds her in place.

	The camera pans up to Lisa's face where she is grimacing in pain. "Stop,
stop, please stop. It hurts" Lisa is shouting.

	"Just for saying stop, you get it on your bare butt" the boy holding her
tells her. He stops spanking her and pulls up the back of her skirt. She is
wearing large white cotton panties. He pulls those down.

	The camera goes around to her rear. You see her ass and peeking between
her legs is a hint of her pussy lips. The boy goes back to spanking her, making
Lisa count each one out. As Lisa counts you hear her voice start to sob.

	Finally he finishes number 16 and lets Lisa up. She stands up and her
face is streaked with tears.

	"I'm next" another boy announces.

	"No, no - no more. This isn't fine" Lisa says as she shakes her head no.

	Two boys grab her and pull her over the next boys lap.

	"Help me, help me someone" Lisa begs.

	One of the girls steps up. "Don't be such a little baby" she tells Lisa.
"This is just some fun."

	The boy pulls Lisa's dress up in back and we once again see her butt.
Lisa tries to reach back but his one hand holds her down and her arms at her
side as he slowly starts to spank her - hard.

	Lisa starts sobbing and crying with pain. "Please stop, it hurts, it
hurts, oh god it hurts so much."

	The boy stops and leans down and whispers to Lisa. She nods no. He
spanks her again. Lisa screams out in pain "YES - ok I'll do it. Please stop
hurting me."

	Lisa's outside arm drops down and reaches under her stomach to the boys
crotch. We see her start to rub him through his pants. As Lisa rubs him, he
spanks her softly. We see him jerk up against Lisa, then he lets go of her and
stops the spanking. When Lisa gets up, there is a wet spot on the boys pants.

	As soon as Lisa is up, she is grabbed again and taken to the next boy.

	"No, no, please no" Lisa begs.

	She is pushed over the boys legs but he immediately whispers to Lisa.
Lisa nods her head no. He spanks her hard. Lisa screams "AAARRRGGGHHH, ok, ok,
I'll do it."

	The boy pushes up with his knees and Lisa lifts her stomach off of the
boy. He fumbles with his pants and we see his cock spring out. Lisa drops back
down and reaches under and jacks the boys cock off as he spanks her lightly. We
then see his cock shoot sperm onto Lisa's hand and over her dress.

	The camera then shows a series of quick shots, Lisa over lap after lap.
First jacking off cocks and then fingering pussy after pussy. The camera then
fades out.

	"Apparently this has now become a tradition, whenever it is anyone's
birthday, Lisa gets spanked."

	"Yes, and she is here in the audience with Rebecca, who is still her
best friend."

	The camera pans to two girls. One is Lisa wearing the dress from the
video. The front of the dress is covered with numerous yellow stains.

	

	

	"For our next video, we go to Washington High's annual Father/Daughter
dinner."

	"They do this every year and most of the senior girls attend. This one
pair however went for desert before the others it appears."

	A camera pans across a room. Sitting at the tables are numerous
Father/Daughter pairs. All of the tables have long table cloths that reach to
the ground. Except for one, where apparently the cloth was not long enough and
the side away from the couples is open.

	The camera pans past that table and then jerks back. As it zooms in, we
see under the table one of the daughters has her fathers dick out and is jacking
it off.

	And she has her legs spread. She is wearing no panties and has a shaved
pussy and her father is fingering her pussy.

	As the father is about to cum, his daughter takes her bowl of lettuce
and places it at the head of her father's cock so it sprays his cum all over the
lettuce. She then brings her lettuce back up and eats it, cum and all.

	Meanwhile the father takes an empty champagne glass under the table,
points his cock at it, and pees into it, filling it up. He then brings it back
up and sets it in front of his daughter.

	His daughter smiles at him, reaches for the glass, and drinks it down in
small sips. As she drinks, she is rubbing her clit under the table, getting
herself off.

	"Lets all welcome Dan and Darla who obviously have a very loving
relationship."

	The camera shows the father and daughter from the film in the audience.
Darla is sitting on Dan's lap with her dress spread around her.

	"I wonder what they are doing right now? Darla, can you give us just a
little peek?"

	Darla smiles and lifts the front of her dress up just enough to give a
glimpse of her father's cock fully inserted into her pussy.

	

	

	"Oh Prom, what a wonderful night. So romantic, so special."

	"Yes, and this girl is lucky to have a boyfriend who is so thoughtful."

	The camera shows a beautiful blonde high school girl. She has long hair
teased up in an exquisite hairdo. Her makeup is heavy with blue and glitter on
the eyelids and bright red lipstick.

	The prom dress is made of black lace, starts at the neck and goes all
the way to the floor with little pearl buttons every inch down the front. The
sleeves go down to her wrists and also have buttons their entire length. The
buttons obviously close the dress because the dress is on so tight that little
glimpses of skin are visible between each button set.

	She has a body to die for. Short and slender but with gigantic tits and
a nice ass. The eyes are drawn to her boobs because they are so big. These on a
larger woman - on her they are gigantic. And they press straight out, no sag
because of her youth.

	The camera zooms in and you realize that the upper half of the dress is
transparent. Her giant breasts are straining against the black lace and are
clearly visible.

	Her date walks into the picture and gives her a little kiss on the cheek
and then fumbles getting the corsage on her wrist. Finally it is in place.

	He then pulls out another item and looks at her. She nods her head yes.

	Her date then kneels down in front of her and reaches for the middle of
her dress above her knee. His back is blocking a direct view of the girl but you
see him take part of the dress and button it to her waist - near her side. He
then does it with the other side of the dress.

	Now her dates hands move to her front. You cannot see what he is doing,
his body is blocking the view. The girls gives a little jump and bites her lip,
then relaxes back down. The date stands up and moves to her side.

	You now see that the entire dress has been pulled back to each side. The
pearl buttons down the front had apparently only been buttoned down to her
waist. The dress now is draped open, pinned back to each hip. And you can now
see all of her from the waist down.

	The eyes are immediately drawn to her pussy which is totally bare. And a
little clip is on her clit, with a chain dangling from the clip and something at
the end of the chain.

	Matching black lace stockings are on her legs and her feet are in 6"
black heels. She smiles at the camera, glowing with pride at her beauty.

	Her date holds her arm, kisses her on the cheek, and they turn to walk
out to the waiting limo. As she walks, you hear a light tingling sound. You
realize that the object at the end of the chain on her clit is a little bell.

	"We have Amanda here in our audience tonight with her mother and
father." We see the girl from the movie sitting between a beaming father and
mother.

	"And what is Amanda wearing for us today?"

	Amanda stands up to appreciative oohs and aahs. For a top she is wearing
a very tight lace halter top that goes down her arms but stops right below her
breasts. Her breasts are pushing tightly against it and are clearly visible
through it.

	Her skirt is a tight black lycra. From the bottom of the skirt are
attached garter straps that hold up her stockings. The garter straps pull the
bottom of the skirt down at the front of her legs. But in the middle of the
skirt there is nothing to pull it down and the bottom of the skirt lifts up high
enough that you can see Amanda's pussy. On each pussy lip is three clips. Each
clip is clipped to a lip and a chain then goes around her ass to the other side
where it is clipped to the other lip. This is pulling her pussy wide open.

	Amanda gives a shy little smile and sits back down.

	

	

	"And for our last video today, we have the end of the state
championships for football."

	"Yes, and apparently this game went down to the final seconds when
Central High threw a long pass for a touchdown to come from behind and win."

	"Here we see as the game is won and the fans swarm around the team."

	The camera shows the team in the middle of the field with hundreds of
students, led by the cheerleaders, running toward them and surrounding them.

	The camera zooms in and shows one of the cheerleaders who has thrown
herself on the quarterback and is kissing him deeply. We see the player holding
her by her ass under her skirt.

	The player reaches up under the cheerleaders top and starts mauling her
boobs. The cheerleader stops kissing him and reaches up and tries to push his
hands away. The crowd around the players moves and now the camera can't see
either person.

	The crow shifts again and now there are two other players holding the
cheerleaders arms as the first player lifts her top and squeezes and kisses her
boobs. The cheerleader is shaking her head back and forth crying.

	Two other cheerleaders move up and start kissing the quarterback and
rubbing against his sides.

	The players holding the girl push her down to her knees. The other two
cheerleaders reach to the quarterback's crotch and undo his pants, pulling out
his dick. The other cheerleaders then pull the first cheerleaders mouth open,
holding her head in place.

	The quarterback rams his dick into her mouth. At first it doesn't go
very far but he then grabs her head and you can see him pushing as hard as he
can, arm muscles bulging, and his dick then jerks in further, and then all the
way.

	The cheerleader is bucking as hard as she can in the other players arms,
her entire body flopping around while her head is attached to the first players
dick rammed down her throat.

	The other cheerleaders meanwhile are rubbing themselves against the
quarterback and kissing him each trying to get his mouth, at times all three
tongues dueling together.

	And meanwhile all around them the crowd is jumping and screaming,
congratulating the players. A few notice the action and watch but most are too
busy to even see it.

	The quarterback suddenly pulls his dick out and squirts his cum all over
the cheerleader's face. Suddenly all the fight seems to leave her as her body
just sags lifelessly between the other two players. They both release her and
she just drops down to her hands and knees on the field.

	One of the other players moves over to her face, pulls out his cock, and
stuffs it into her mouth. She kneels there, unmoving, as the second player grabs
her head and starts roughly fucking her face.

	The first player moves off, one arm around each of the other
cheerleaders, to be congratulated by the crowd.

	"Apparently Mindy congratulated the entire team right out there on the
field."

	"Yes, and afterwards she was made head cheerleader. Way to keep the team
spirits up Mindy."

	"Mindy couldn't be here today because the team is practicing and Mindy
is always there on the field with the team when they practice."

	"But we do have a live video so she can say high."

	The camera shows two teams on the line of scrimmage, lined up for a
play. The play starts and all of the players move except for one player on the
line bent over and the player right behind that player.

	The camera zooms in and shows the bent over player is Mindy. Her
cheerleader top is pushed up so her breasts hang down, visible in the camera.
And the back of her skirt is pushed up on her back.

	Behind her is one of the football players fucking his cock into Mindy's
bare pussy.

	The camera pans to Mindy's face. "Mindy, this is America's Sexiest Home
Videos. Can you say hi?"

	Mindy looks up. There are tears running down her face. She starts to say
something and then bursts out crying and drops her head in shame.

	

	

	"And that's our episodes for today. Now we need to have our studio
audience vote on which one of these five videos was the hottest."

	"Remember, the winner will get a night with the two of us where we will
do anything, and I do mean anything they want."

	And now we will break to commercial as the audience votes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ninja Turtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





