BDSM Library - The Restaurant




The Restaurant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A master and slave play a game of arousal and teasing in public, aided by various toys, ending in a powerful climax.
The Restaurant



The fabric of the restaurant chair is rough against my bare bottom.  You have
ordered me to lift my skirt before I sit, and so I have, the vulnerable naked
flesh of my bottom, the smooth softness of my thighs pressed into this chair. 
The longish, full skirt that I wear disguises this, and also disguises light
movements of the hips and, while walking about, what You have placed on and in
this one previously.  I watch You with wide eyes across the table, my gaze
riveted.

No one else in the restaurant has any suspicion of what is going on; to them we
look just like any other normal couple out to dinner.  Oh, perhaps here or there
a person who has a little knowledge about such things will look at the choker
around my neck and think "collar" not "necklace" or catch a glimpse of my anklet
and think "slave bells" not "ankle bracelet", but for the most part we are
unobserved, blending into the crowd.  In hushed, whispered moments when few are
about, I call  You Master, and I wonder if those who hear know it is not a joke
or a pet name... but aside from an occasional askance glance, they do not seem
to notice it.

I shift slightly against the chair.  The texture of the fabric is slightly
uncomfortable against my sensitive bottom, after the way it was heated with the
flogger before leaving the house.  As I squirm, I remember the way You held me
across Your lap, my skirt pulled up to my waist, leaving me feeling vulnerable
and child-like, even more vulnerable somehow than had I been fully unclothed. 
You brought the flogger down lightly, stingingly, over and over again, turning
my bottom and thighs rose red with a slow, aching burn that spread throughout my
body.

When I ached and arched up against the flogger for the harder, sharper blows I
craved, the quick heavy feel that meant release, You merely chuckled, and I
squirmed across Your lap, knowing I was only Yours to do with as You pleased, my
body Your plaything to enjoy.

It was there, while I still lay stretched over Your lap, my long curls falling
down around my red face and my eyes prickling with tears, that You calmly and
quietly told me that You had plans for me this afternoon, a test of sorts, or
more precisely a game.  You explained the rules to me for this game, to be
played in public, and I lay there across Your lap, whimpering softly in
acknowledgement, my bottom still aching, my thighs parted and hips arching up
desperately, though You ignored my  simmering heat.

Next You reached over to the table and withdrew a small, narrow buttplug.  It
wasn't tiny by any means, it was certainly large enough to feel intrusive, and I
was immediately aware of it as You began to slowly ease it into my bottom,
explaining as You did so that You were not using lubrication so that it would
not accidentally seep onto my clothes and nor would the plug be loose at all
this way.  The moments in time seemed to stretch as surely as this small tight
muscle as You slowly invaded my body with it, my eyes closing against the
sensations, willing the trembling in my thighs to cease.

I moaned and quivered against Your lap, still a little scared at the prospect of
this afternoon, but You gently stroked my back and my hair, leaning down to
murmur soft words of affection and encouragement, reassuring my trust in You and
my courage at the same time.  Your strong hands along my back, my shoulders, the
red and sensitive flesh of my bottom and thighs made me shiver softly in
pleasure, my thighs parting further in need.

Slowly Your finger traced along the soft, smooth, bare flesh of my lips, the
wetness there so obvious, so evident.  I could feel Your fingertip scrape along
slowly, up and back as I writhed and tried to press up against You.  I whimpered
in need and desire, and heard Your soft laugh as You teased me mercilessly. 
Finally, when I was on the verge of giving up all hope, Your finger plunged deep
into me, hard and probing, curling forward, pressing so deep into my soft
wetness that my eyes roll  back and I moan deeply in pleasure.

My hips rock hard back against You, I buck against Your hand in pleasure, but
You place Your hand calmly against my lower back to still my movements and
slowly remove Your finger from within me.  As I whine and softly whimper with
begging, pleading mews, You lean over and bring Your finger to my mouth to press
it between my lips.  You softly tell me to keep quiet, and I try, suckling hard
at Your finger for a moment, moaning softly at the taste of my own passion,
teasing it with my tongue, trying to be enticing enough that You will stop Your
plans to play.

You did not.  After a brief moment, the finger was removed from my lips,much as
i tried to suck it back in.  Your movements were brusque, businesslike as You
reached over and worked with something on the table beside You.  I laid still,
in surrendur, across Your lap, unable to see what You were doing, unable to
control all of my desire as my hips still rocked slowly and soft, whimpering,
almost mournful moans escaped my lips.

I could feel a second probing inside of my heat and my eyes opened wide in
surprise.  This was a new sensation, not the strong warmth of Your finger, but
something new... a fairly thin, somewhat flexible... from the sensations it
seemed like it must be rubber... I could feel a soft pressing of the plug deeper
into my bottom as it is attatched to a harness, followed by the same press
against my heat when the dildo is attatched.  I whimpered softly, my eyes
closing to this humiliation, when I felt somehting press softly yet insistently
at my clit.  I realized that You were attatching a butterfly vibrator as well to
the harness and I shifted my hips slightly as if to unseat it.  You flicked a
fingernail roughly against the tip of my clit, making me shudder and moan and
told me to be still, then You carefully shifted it back in  place to the tune of
my frustrated whimpers.

The harness, not much more than a thin leather strap that goes between my legs
and attatches to another strap at the waist, is pulled up hard against me,
slightly uncomfortable, but not too bad.  As You ordered me to stand, and I
slowly straightened, I could feel the slight shifting of the invaders inside my
body.  It sent a shiver along my spine and made my knees weaken slightly, but
You supported me with a firm but gentle hand at the small of my back and Your
soft words.

As You tugged the strap up tighter to fasten the harness, I felt the butterfly
nudging more insistently at my clit.  I wavered slightly and You smiled, telling
me what a good girl I was as You patiently steadied me.  Slowly, You fed the
wire for the butterfly vibrator out the harness and up, running the remote up
through the pocket of my skirt. After placing it there, you gently rearranged my
skirt and softly, gently pulled me to stand between Your legs.  As You held my
hands in Yours and  smiled up at me, I could see the love and pleasure in Your
eyes.  I saw the ownership, too, as You surveyed Your property... taking in the
delicate collar around my neck, the one made for out of the house wear, and
everything down to the anklets of tiny bells You had placed round my ankles,
never to be removed.

I stood still before You, heart thundering in my chest.  This test scared me,
though it also send delicious flutters through my belly.  I knew I was going to
be made to come for You somewhere, likely in public, whereever the whim struck
You today, and as many times as the whim struck You today.  Or, perhaps not at
all, if that was Your mood.  Regardless of the stimulation, I was not to come
until You gave the command, and then, when I did, I was to do so in a way that
no one around could tell, quite hard for a girl used to crying out her pleasure
loudly as her entire body quaked with waves of orgasm.

My thoughts slowly shift back to the present, here in the restaurant.  I watch
You with pride, love shining in my eyes as You order for both of us, speaking to
the waiter in Your low, soft voice that so thrills me.  You reach across the
table for my hand, Your eyes soft.  You tell me how much I have pleased You
during the day, and how now I will recieve my reward.  I shiver softly.  Your
voice is low enough that no one at an adjoining table can hear, still... it is
hard not to tear my eyes from  Yours to cast a furtitive glance around to be
certain, but I remain still, listening to Your words, and slowly the room around
U/us dwindles, til all that remains in my consciousness is You.

You remind me of each of the times during the day You had turned on the
vibrator, each of the times You had teased and tormented Your slave for Your
amusement.  I quiver slightly, the memories making my wetness, already so
prevalent, seep softly onto the chair beneath me.  I swallow hard, having to
fight to keep from rocking my hips against the chair.  Instead, I grind agaisnt
it slowly, putting pressure on the shaft buried deep in my Master's treasure. I
quiver softly as Your words cause my nipples to tighten and stand out under the
thin material of my blouse.  My body seems hypersensitive from the day of
stimulation and I can feel  the material brushing lightly over them, sending
little shivers down my spine.

My breath quickens and I try hard to control it, Your words across the table
almost hypnotic in my ears, soothing me, calming me, but exciting me even
further.  I feel Your hand against my knee and watch as You scoot Your chair
around the curve of the table til You are next to me instead of across.  Your
hand slides steadily higher til it brushes against the leather of the harness
under my skirt.  I whimper softly as Your hand slips over to the pocket to
retrieve the remote.  You gently,  softly kiss my neck, only once, a reassuring
more than passionate kiss, knowing I am scared to release here, amidst all these
people.

You murmur soft, reassuring words in my ear, stroking my hair so gently and
lovingly.  I keep my eyes on Yours as You have directed me, not letting them
waver or close... and my entire body tenses as the vibrator is suddenly flipped
on... humming steadily against my already aroused clit.  I let out a soft gasp
of pleasure and surprise, then catch myself and fall silent, gazing worshipfully
into Your eyes.

The universe shrinks again and it is just You, nothing but You, and i no more
than Your possesion, and my body Your plaything for Your amusements.  I see the
amusement, too, in the small smile that gently curls Your lips, in the sparkle
in Your eyes as You keep Your gaze on mine.  I see the clear ownership there, in
the way Your eyes rake over me and Your hand runs possessively along the small
of my back.

I rock my hips forward against the chair slightly, having to fight to keep my
eyes open and locked on Yours.  In my pleasure, I only half comprehend the words
You whisper to me, so overcome am I, yet it is unmistakable when I hear You
gently say, "now... for Me, little one, come for me... "

My eyes stay on Yours, filling with tears of pleasure, my body having no other
way to express its feelings.  A wave crashes through me with Your words, and I
tremble softly, fighting to remain still.  I bite my lower lip hard, but barely
feeling it, to keep from crying out and I tasteblood as the second wave hits. 
It crashes through my body with tremendous force, causing my muscles to tighten
and my thighs to tremble almost convulsively under the table.  Your hand
steadies me at the smallof my back and I press against it gratefully.

I keep my eyes on Yours til the last wave passes... then I softly close them,
ready to crumple.  You catch me in a strong embrace, hugging metight.  I wonder
briefly if anyone in the restaurant thinks this odd, then i realize to them it
is only a lovers embrace.  I curl against Your strength, Your warmth, Your
embrace, and my heart warms as I hear You whisper to me that You are pleased
with me, that I have brought You pleasure and honor... and that You love me.  I
sigh softly in Your arms,  complete, and completely dissolved in You.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kitty


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





