BDSM Library - Converted




Converted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Heather finds the delights of another woman and what pleasure bondage and pain can bring.
Converted

Bruce Boxer

	The smell of damp, old wood and her own whistling nostrils filled her
senses.  The room she was suspended in was pitch black and hot.  Perspiration
flowed freely along her body forcing her to keep her eyes closed to avoid the
saline stinging.

	Facing the now invisible floor about a foot above it, she hung by the
wrists and ankles, her body contorted into a stressful "U."  Sharp, serrated
alligator-type clips bit into her nipples and were connected to cords that were
tied to bolts in the floor.  A hot, 100 watt light bulb had been forced into her
mouth when it was unscrewed from the floor lamp that had earlier illuminated the
room and allowed her to see her tormentor.  A second lamp had surrendered its
lower-wattage bulb that now resided snugly in her vagina.  This bulb however
remained connected to a rheostat socket and glowed within her radiating its heat
to her most sensitive tissues.

	Heather drifted in and out of restless sleep recalling the woman who had
positioned her in this agonizing state.  She was short and stocky with a
muscular frame.  She wore only tight jeans frayed at the knees.  Her black hair
was long and silky and arranged into a single thick braid.  Deep green eyes
punctuated her alabaster skin, and her lull lips, shaped in what had normally
been a smile, was replaced by a clenched toothed grimace.  She spoke not a word
as she began to bind Heather.  Heather, completely nude, was initially a willing
subject but began to get scared when she was raised from the floor in the
painful arch.  By the time the clips were applied to her nipples, it was too
late to resist.  The light bulb in her mouth stopped any verbal protests. 

	In the distance, a clock sounded its electronic chimes six times. 
Heather assumed it was six in the morning but she couldn't be sure.  If it was,
she'd hung like a piece of meat for at least two hours.  She'd met Lian at the
fitness club and they'd become good friends over the last year.  The meetings
after working out graduated from a quick stop at local coffee house to informal
dinners, to weekends at a local spa.  Three months ago, Lian had surprised her
with a kiss while they sweated in a sauna.  Heather was shocked at first but
Lian's gentle touch and reassuring words relaxed her.  During the next few
weeks, Lian gave Heather unimaginable orgasms that made her scream and shake and
babble.  When Lian had suggested some bondage to heighten the sensations by
applying muscle tension and inducing endorphin production, Heather
enthusiastically complied.  But now, Heather deeply regretted agreeing.  Her
arms, shoulders, legs and hips were nearly numb and her buttocks and calves were
cramping badly.  The acute pinching at her nipples had long given way to a deep,
pulsating ache.  She alternately pulled herself up in her bondage and then
drooped toward the floor to relieve the stress on her body.  This bondage had
long ago ceased to hold any promise of pleasure and had quickly become
nonconsensual torture.

	As Heather struggled to pull herself up, bright lights snapped on.  Lian
appeared before her, hands on her hips, completely naked.  Heather gazed at the
woman with hopeful eyes and settled back into her suspension.  Liane, gracefully
sat on the floor in a cross-legged position and began to loosen the clips
stabbing Heather's nipples.  The pain as the clips were removed was intense and
tears formed in Heathers eyes as she fought not to bite down on the delicate
glass between her teeth.  She squirmed in her harness as Liane gently massaged
the deeply dimpled points of flesh.  Soon, the manipulation teased the tips hard
and the pain evolved to enjoyment.  Heather relaxed as Liane, using both of her
strong, warm hands, extended the massaging to the surrounding breast tissue.  A
sharp prick emanated from the left nipple and Heather bucked as a needle
burrowed into her.  Her thrashing escalated as other needles were subsequently
inserted.  In spite of herself, Heather bit down hard and shattered her glass
gag when a needle burrowed through her right nipple at the base.  Glass bits
rained down and Heather spit out the remaining shards while she screamed.  A
tennis ball soon filled the noisy orifice so yet again; Heather was prevented
from vocalizing her pain.

	Thankfully, the light bulb in her vagina was slowly withdrawn.  Lian's
skilled tongue and fingers tended to her warm moist folds.  Saliva and measured
movements of varying intensity around the lips and clitoris were alternated with
tongue thrusts deep into the vagina and easy finger probes into the anus.  With
a hand tending her quivering buttocks and an eager mouth at her cleft, a free
hand was available to twist and flick the needles in her breasts.  Pain and
pleasure alternated, melded and combined with growing intensity until Heather
thought she would loose her mind.  Her movements within the limits of her
suspension became violent.  Liane increased her purchase at the various
locations on Heather's flailing body.  As Heather began a series of climaxes,
Liane buried her face into Heather's crotch and pulled herself around the
airborne frame wrapping her arms and legs around her back.  Lian's wet groin
made contact with Heather's pinned tits and in a jubilant frenzy, both women
climaxed.  Liane released her grip and fell to the floor.

	Heather had no clue that every nerve in her body could be stimulated and
result in indescribable pleasure.  She told Liane as much as they both recovered
to regain their breath.  Liane rolled out from under Heather and struggled to
her feet then padded slowly to the door.  As Heather hung limp, Liane returned
to sit cross-legged at her head.  A sharp red nail lightly traced Heather's
parted lips and still trembling chin while gentle fingers began gently pulling
needles from her breasts.  There was little pain and the needles were soon
removed.  Liane began calmly kneading the punctured tits when Heather jumped as
she felt fingers at her toes.  Large hard hands were massaging her feet joined
be another set of hands caressing her buttocks.  Three people were now working
Heather's suspended, sweating body simultaneously.  The hands worked in concert
and Heather closed her eyes to revel in the delightful manipulations.

	Physically drained and relaxed in the ropes, Heather drifted into a
mental state she never realized existed, a condition of pure tranquility and
bliss.  Hands were eventually joined by tongues and lips; mouths on her sore
breasts, tongues probing her pussy, lapping her belly, sucking her toes.  Warm
breath and moist lips licked her ears.  Her erect nipples popped between fingers
and were sucked in and out between teeth.  Various numbers of fingers stroked
her vaginal lips and plucked and squeezed her clit.  A massive penis took its
turn sliding lazily into her mouth, cunt and ass.  Again Heather was brought
from a state of relaxation to a heated frenzy.  Hands began slapping. Her rib
cage stung from the rapid palm assault.  Teeth bit harder and her nipples
burned.  Tongues twirled and lapped furiously and the penis pumped relentlessly. 
Heather moaned then screamed as orgasm occurred once then twice.  Heather's
release only inspired the disembodied appendages to continue their movements at
a more intense pace.  The slaps became harder and the stings increased.  A
larger vibrating dildo that stretched her far beyond what she had ever taken
before replaced the penis.  It revolved and rotated and pulsated as it was
worked in and out of her sopping organ.  Another orgasm gripped Heather.  It
enveloped her with a succession of hot, rapid, violent contractions.  Her
muscles, long stretched by her suspension, constricted and she appeared to
convulse into a rigid parody of a crucifixion.  Her eyes were unnaturally
enlarged and her mouth was agape in a silent scream. 

	Heather awoke in a warm bed covered in a thick, fragrant duvet. 
Snuggled beside her was Liane snoring softly.  Heather gazed at her lover
through the slits of her puffy eyes.  She reached down and gently caressed
Liane's soft-skinned, muscled, back until the woman stirred awake. 

	"Hi," Liane whispered, "Did you like it?"  Heather could only nod an
affirmative reply as her voice had left her.  Liane stroked her belly; "I
thought you would baby...you came 8 times that I could count...wait until this
weekend-I plan to have you begging for it to stop."

	Heather rolled in closer to Liane and kissed her deeply.  "In fact,
Liane added, "It might not stop."

	Heather whispered, "Good."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bruce Boxer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





