BDSM Library - Natalie Goes Shopping With Penny




Natalie Goes Shopping With Penny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sequel to Natalie and The Sunchair. We last left the poor Natalie still tied in her chair on display. This is the continuing adventures when Penny comes back into Natalie life yet again and continues the humiliation of poor Natalie.
Natalie Goes Shopping with Penny


Still weak from her last orgasm, Natalie managed to quickly free her self from
her binds and stagger inside to the shower.  Still feeling embarrassed and
aroused from her last humiliation with the balcony and the sun chair, Natalie
decided that having a long COLD shower would be a very good idea to help cool
down.

With that thought in mind, Natalie stood in the shower, letting the very cold
water run down her back, helping cool down her overexcited body.  After a few
minutes Natalie started to relax and closed her eyes enjoying the shower.  As
soon as her eyes became closed, Natalie was lost in the memories of her recent
exposure, her mind, relived the recent events further inflaming her body, soon
Natalie fingers automatically begin to tease and taunt her body, delivering the
same mix of pleasure and arousal, unconsciously duplicating the egg effects on
her body that had only finished a few moments ago.

With a start, Natalie was returned back to reality, releasing the cold water
shower was fruitless; Natalie turned off the shower and grabbing a light robe,
Natalie, decided on plan B, to watch some TV, hoping it will help distract her
from these thoughts to at least he got home.

With that plan in mind, Natalie sat in the lounge, still in her light robe,
surfing through the 100 odd TV channels available on offer at the resort.  After
about twenty minutes of skipping though 50 odd channels, Natalie heard a knock
on the apartment door.

Thinking it was Him, Natalie eagerly jumped up to answer the door.  Throwing the
door wide open, Natalie in her eagerness failed to consider that someone else
could be at the door and did not look through the spy hole to check to see who
was at the door first.

Unfortunately for Natalie, It was Penny standing at the door

Shock... Natalie stood at the door. it had taken a second for her to realise
that this was Penny.  Instantly Natalie wishing desperately she had not been in
such a hurry to open the door.  After this morning episode Natalie was not sure
if she wanted to see Penny again after leaving the egg on high and now thanks to
her actions Natalie had no choice but to face Penny again.

"Hello Natalie", said Penny, "I see you have gotten out of the chair ok and I
was just checking to make sure you are ok and to ask you out to lunch" offer
that you agreed to before.

Natalie stood thinking, a little shocked over how she had to agree to the lunch
offer, especially as it was made after what Penny had done.  Natalie thought
about refusing but her stomach reminded her that lunch sounded good and since He
was not home, food would be a better distraction to take her mind away from this
morning besides Penny would not do anything in public, right..

Still her mind had clearly second thoughts...

Penny, sensing Natalie was not sure about lunch, decided to offer a bribe to
help convince her to join her for lunch.  "Ah how about we can check out that
new store just a few doors down from the cafe if you want?  You know the one
with the great looking Leather handbags and boots?"

Thinking this was still not a good idea but still the new store was too good to
pass as Natalie had also wanted to check out the store but not yet found a good
excuse to do.

"Ok", replied Natalie a little reluctant still, but the offer to check out the
store had one..

"Do you want to come in while I quickly put on some things?", asked a still
reluctant Natalie unsure if Penny had any other plans in mind.

"Sure, I will come in", replied Penny as she walked into the apartment

Natalie feeling on show and nervous with Penny wanted a drink to calm her
nerves, remembering the left over bottle of wine in the fridge, Natalie asked
"Ah maybe you want a drink? There is some wine in the fridge, I will have one as
well if you want one, Penny?"

"Wine is a great idea", agreed Penny "Where are the glasses?"

"The glasses are in the top cupboard, can you pouring me one while I change from
this robe?", asked Natalie

"Sure", replied Penny

Natalie quickly set off to get changed, leaving Penny to pour the wine. 
Engrossed in trying to select something conservative to wear in her wardrobe,
Natalie did not hear Penny enter the bedroom

"Here is your Wine, Natalie", said Penny

"Oh", blushed Natalie, I am not ready yet, ah can you wait in the lounge for
me?"

"Well Natalie I was going to do that but if you remember our agreement I should
be the one to dress you." said Penny

For a brief second time stopped for Natalie as she felt a powerful wave of
humiliation and impending exposure wash over her. 

"Ah please no, haven't I be humiliated enough?" pleaded Natalie

"Actually no I have not humiliated you at all yet, your partner did and I would
like to remind you that you agreed to do anything I wanted", replied a gleeful
Penny.

Natalie blushed remembering just that fact and realising she was trapped had no
choice but to agree.  Seeing the wine Natalie quickly grabbed the offered glass
and gulping it down trying to drown the butterfly feelings she was having.

"Well?" queried Penny

"Do I have a choice?", asked Natalie.

"Not really unless you welsh on your bets" replied Penny

Gulping down the remaining mouthful of wine, Natalie slowly nodded her head
signalling a "Yes." making Penny evil smile return.

"Firstly, where is the egg, Natalie?" Asked Penny,

"Outside" replied Natalie "I forgot to bring it inside"

"Go and get it, leaving the robe here" demanded Penny.

"But I be nude" whimpered Natalie

"Yes" replied Penny

Natalie blushed red, and removed the sash from the robe, turning away from
Penny; Natalie slipped off the robe and dropped it on the bed.  Then loudly
sighing Natalie walked off, to get the egg, naked again.

Natalie opened the balcony door, quickly looking around hoping that no one was
around Natalie rushed out and grabbed the egg trying to minimise her exposure
and walked back inside to the bedroom, holding the cursed egg that started all
of this.

While Natalie was out, Penny quickly went through Natalie's wardrobe laying out
selected clothing on the bed. 

When Natalie returned with the egg, she could see, laid on the bed, her small
pair of shorts which He called her teasing shorts (they are incredibly tight and
cut very short exposing the bottoms of her cheeks) and a cut off top he had
bought her to wear over her Bikini top which she wore it to the beach.  Nothing
else was no the bed, including the panties, Natalie knew she would need if she
was going to wear those shorts.

Penny held her hand and command Natalie to hand over the egg and to stand feet
apart in the middle of the room next to the opened windows.

Natalie blushed red and handed over the egg, standing awkwardly with back to the
windows.

Natalie could not help feeling very exposed and incredible aroused over this
situation, standing nude again.

"Do you like the outfit you have to wear, Natalie?" queried Penny?  "Did I miss
anything out?  It looks very tight and I think everyone will be able to see all
of you?"

Natalie thought indeed yes all of me will be on display which is exactly what
you wanted and although Natalie never would admit something secretly she wanted.

"Oh just one thing, I do hope the material of the shorts is thick enough I would
hate for you to leave a wet spot as you seem to be quite aroused right now"
snigged Penny

Natalie blushed, turning bright red.  The material of the shorts was very sheer
and unless she could get her aroused state back under control Natalie knew it
would not be long before she would leave a wet spot. 

"If I could wear some panties maybe?" suggested Natalie

Penny just laughed gleefully at that suggestion

Get dressed and join me in the lounge." commanded Penny as she left the room.

Natalie quickly got dressed in the top, her nipples pointing out through the
material making it obvious she was braless.  On grabbing the shorts knowing that
she was going to be humiliated in them, Natalie was struck with a brilliant idea
and opening a drawer she quickly grabbed one of His handkerchiefs and swiftly
folded it up into a small pad.

Pulling on the shorts, Natalie positioning the handkerchief to absorb some of
the moisture now flowing from her overexcited body and wresting the shorts into
position, Natalie just buttoned them in time as Penny came in from the lounge
telling Natalie to hurry up as she wanted to go.

Grabbing her handbag and shoes, Natalie exited the bedroom and was rushed out
the door by a Penny who had places to go and a plan in mind.

Keeping Natalie in tow, Penny set a brisk pace quickly exiting the apartment
block heading towards the path to entrance of the complex.  Outside a strong
wind was blowing which was making Natalie brief crop top ride upwards exposing
the curved underside of her left breast.  Natalie trying to keep up with Penny
now had a new fear as she wrestled with her top trying to minimise her exposure
putting on a great show as she tried to do so.

Natalie never had worn these shorts without panties.  Since taking a first step
out of the bedroom, it was obvious that seams of the shorts where going to rub. 
Every few minutes, Natalie spent a moment trying to adjusting the shorts to
minimise the rubbing up and down.  Unfortunately short or removing the shorts it
was an impossible task, a task that just made her lag behind Penny making Penny
cross.

"Stop adjusting the shorts Natalie and keep up", said Penny in a cross voice
after stopping for the third time to let Natalie catch up.

"But they rub, and it is very uncomfortable to wear them" replied Natalie.

"Tough, I see you adjust them again and you be sorry" Replied Penny without any
sympathy

Unable to adjust them any further, the shorts continued to rub, the sensation
rapidly turning her on, making Natalie almost gasp at each step.  Secretly glad
now of the pad, Natalie could only whimper as she was forced to stride down the
street towards the shop at the gruelling pace that Penny was walking at.

Rounding the corner into the main street, Penny disappeared from view.  Taking a
chance while Penny was out of view, Natalie quickly adjusted the shorts as the
constant rubbing motion of the shorts had caused the handkerchief to slip to one
side and the seams now where rubbing directly on Natalie unprotected vulva lips. 
Natalie desperately tried to readjust the handkerchief, taking precious seconds
to put it back in place, putting her again behind Penny.

Meanwhile, walking now down the main road Penny realised that Natalie had yet
again slipped behind and guessed that Natalie was adjusting her shorts.  Penny
slowed down and waited for Natalie to catch up.

"I told you not to adjust the shorts and you just did, didn't you?" demanded
Penny

Natalie looked down taking special note of the crack in the sidewalk.

"Since you want to adjust them all the time, you can pull them up and down hard
for me and everyone else until I say you can stop", commanded Penny

Natalie blushed hurrying to pull the shorts up and down, afraid that Penny would
make her remove the shorts on the public street.  Each time Natalie pulled up
the shorts she had to suppress a moan as the seams pulled and caressed her over
inflamed body 

The up and down motion of the shorts worked the handkerchief hidden in her
shorts loose, wedging it into a ball.  After a while the handkerchief wedged
tighter until now with each step Natalie could feel the wedge of the
handkerchief being slowly pushed partially inside of her.

Growing bored of watching Natalie adjust her shorts, Penny commanded "enough"
and setting off walking again at a brisk pace making Natalie race to catch up

Chasing after Penny Natalie feel like something was being inserted inside of
her.  With each step, when combined with the rubbing from seam of the shorts
Natalie was getting close to orgasming in her shorts.  Something Natalie was
just about willing to do anything to avoid, even if that mean remove the shorts
on the main street.

Finally, Penny reached the shop, quickly entering it, pushing Natalie through
the door.  Looking around Penny grinned broadly when she spied a young guy
behind the counter, a perfect bunny for her plans.

Penny plan was simple, make Natalie try on just about every pair of boots in the
store and during the fitting get the sales guy to help Natalie try on the boots.
The plan worked perfectly, the salesman got a close up look at Natalie's shorts
each time.  Unknown to Penny every time Natalie tried on the boots the seam of
the shorts would press into her making Natalie pushing her hips out.  After the
third pair the guy's eyes felt like they would drop out of his head as he was
treated again to the view of the tight shorts highlighting Natalie's private
parts. 

After trying on the four pair of boots, Penny finally saw what she was hoping
for, a small wet spot leaking through her shorts.  The guy actually blushed more
than Natalie (Natalie saw it in the mirror when she was checking out her new
boots).

Natalie through for sure he could guess what it was from and could do nothing
but turn red and try to attempt to stop opening her legs each time the guy
helped her with the boots. 

Finally, sadly Penny ran out of boots to make Natalie try on.  Deciding that
none of the boots really suited her, Penny saw a a small lipstick holder that
she liked and went to the counter to purchase

The sales guy who was now red, puffing and very aroused (he was sporting a budge
in his pants much to Penny delight) took several attempts to get the price out
of the shop computer system, giving up after he discovered a $29.95 price tag
inside of the lipstick holder.  Penny seeing the price tag said it was too much
and asked if it was possible that she could get a discount offering Natalie's
top for 20% off.

The sales guy could barely believe his ears, instantly agreed.  Actually he
would have given the lipstick holder away to get Natalie nude.

Mean while poor, Natalie could not believe her ears as Penny just offered her
top.  Natalie looked straight at Penny with a look of desperation saying "no,
please" and shaking her head trying to get Penny to change her mind.

Penny just said, the "top and the shorts too if you say no again."

Defeated Natalie slowly pulled off her top until finally she stood trying to
hide from exposing her breasts to the sales guy behind the counter, blushing
with shame and looking down hoping the wet spot in her shorts had not gotten any
worse (it had)

Penny reminded Natalie that she had to give her top to the sales guy. Natalie,
wishing she could crawl in a hole someplace and hide, very reluctantly handed
over her top.

Penny sniggered at Natalie, enjoying her predicament and her cleverness at
getting 20% off.

After the sale, feeling hungry, Penny demanded to go leaving Natalie wondering
how to get her top back

"Ah can I please have the top back" asked the topless Natalie

The sales guy stood thinking for a moment, knowing he had nothing to lose
replied "Only if you drop your shorts"

Natalie really had no choice, Penny was already making her way to the door so
the option was to leave topless or bare it all to the sales guy.

Natalie decided the later and quickly unbuttoning her shorts, peeling them down
so they would drop over her ankles blushing in shame as the sales guy leered at
her as he handed back her top.  Natalie grabbed her top knowing that the sale
guy was thinking that she is some sort of slut. Natalie felt a trail of moisture
drip down the inside of her left thigh at that thought the temptation to touch
herself was almost overpowering.

Seeing Penny had left the shop, Natalie feared she was about to be left behind
at the mercy of the sales guy, hurried after her, trying to quickly pulling up
her shorts and pull on her top at the same time as she exited to the street.

Penny laughed with delight as she saw Natalie still struggling to get her top on
and the shorts buttoned hurrying towards her up the street. In Natalie's wake
was the sounds of a passing car screeching to a halt, a few car horns being
sounded in appreciation, a couple of wolf whistles and the best one of all,
someone yelling out "how much".  It was all just perfect, even better that she
planned.

Natalie on reaching the cafe almost pushed Penny inside in an effort to get off
the street.  Allowing Natalie to move her inside the cafe, Penny still grinning
spied the perfect table and pointed Natalie to the seat.

Unknown to Natalie this was just the beginning of Penny's plan and while they
waited at the table for the waitress to bring the menus, Penny leaned forward to
Natalie and whispered her next plan.

To be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oz Greg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





