BDSM Library - Retirement




Retirement
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cowbelle story, a sequel of sorts to Annual Inspection,  Several cowbelles have reached retirement age at Sunrise Acres, but what to do with them?
This story is the property of the author.  Any reproduction in whole or in part
is prohibited without express written permission.

Looking for comments about whether or not you enjoyed the story, especially from
women in the audience.




                              RETIREMENT

	

	Jack was in his office in the barn getting the records up to date.  The
automatic milking machines were supposed to download their data into the
computer at the end of each day but there always seemed to be some sort of
problem that required his attention.  One of the curses of having a small,
family-run operation meant that he had to deal with everything himself.  His
son, Chris, was interested in how the dairy was run, but Jack wasn't ready to
let the fourteen-year-old start playing around with the farm's computers.  Chris
wasn't dumb, but he was still learning his basic math skills in school and Jack
already had enough problems with the supposed  "automatic" system.

	Chris was in the back of the barn, mopping the padded floor of the play
area and washing any cows that smelled ripe.  There were always a few that
didn't like using the showers and had to be dragged in.  Either that, or they
preferred to be washed instead of washing themselves - Jack wouldn't put it past
a few of them.  They were dumb, but it didn't take that many brain cells to know
what you liked.

	Once he finished re-entering the data that the automilkers had somehow
garbled once again, he pulled up the herd master list on his screen and sat
back.

	Healthy cows had to remain in production for twenty years before they
could be retired.  That had been federal law since before Jack was born.  Out of
his eighty-seven head, he had eight cows eligible to retire, and another seven
that would have their twenty years in by the end of the year.  He hadn't
realized his herd was getting so old, but the numbers didn't lie.  He'd only
bought ten cows in the last five years.  He checked the herd average - 12.5
years in production, which was higher than he'd thought it'd be.  Admittedly,
that average included Big Betty, who'd been with him for close to thirty-five
years, but still he wasn't happy with the numbers.  He'd been making noises
about selling cows for a couple months and now realized he'd have to do more
than just talk about it.

	Jack picked up the phone and dialed a number from memory, then turned to
look out the glass wall separating his office from the rest of the barn.  The
double row of automilkers stretched from left to right, and the rumps of a dozen
kneeling cows stuck out at him.  Too many of them were Verheidens, he realized. 
Once the gold standard, the oversize breed now was an also-ran.  At least twelve
of the eligible or soon-to-be cows were V's, and he planned on buying tiny
Thompson/Greens to replace them.  Same amount of milk per day for less feed.

	"Mayneville Standard."

	"Yeah, I wanted to place an ad."

	"Classified or retail?"

	"Well, I've got some eligible cows I wanted to retire and sell off. 
This is Jack Turner, Sunrise Acres."

	"Okay, that's the dairy page, hold on."

	

	

	"This pump's brain is shot," Chris told him, waving the motherboard in
the air.  Jack turned around in his office chair and looked at his son standing
in the doorway.

	"That 38?  The one that's been cutting in and out?"

	"Yep."

	Jack shook his head.  The work was never done.  "All right.  Put a cover
over the machine so the cows don't try to use it, and I'll call DaTech and have
them come out."

	"All we need is a new board."

	"Something made that board go bad," Jack told his teenage son.  "I don't
want to fry a new board."

	"Okay."  Chris tossed the toasted board onto the desk.

	"You finished yet?"  Chris had been doing routine maintenance on the
automilkers, running diagnostics and greasing their bearings.

	"Almost."

	"Good.  After you're done with that you can take off for the rest of the
afternoon, but be home in time for dinner."

	Chris smiled, then looked over his shoulder at the rows of milking
machines.  They were half full, cows leisurely getting on and off them as they
did all day, every day.  "You going to be here?" he asked his father.

	"Yeah, I've got some numbers to run."  Jack knew Chris wanted to know if
he would be staying in the office or wandering around the barn.  "As soon as I'm
done I'm going to the house.  I've got that leak to fix in the sink, remember. 
You can go on back and play, I won't bother you."

	Chris smiled, then was gone.  The office phone rang, startling Jack.

	"Sunrise Acres."

	"Hey, Jack?  It's Wayne, Wayne Rollins."

	"Oh, hey there Wayne."

	"You can probably guess why I'm calling," the eager voice went on in
Jack's ear.  "If not, I'll tell you anyway.  I'm looking at that ad of yours in
the Standard and thinking maybe we could do business."

	Jack had to shake his head.  "I didn't think the ad was more than
generous, sixty thousand dollars all in one fell swoop."

	"How many retired belles you got living with you now Wayne?  You're not
thinking of adding more to your stable?"

	Rollins laughed.  "Four is more than enough."  He paused.  "I've got the
contacts," he said smoothly.  "You know I'd take care of your girls."

	"I'm not worried about that," Jack assured him.  "But last I heard, the
market's not soft, and I want more than you're willing to pay.  Things go south
on me I'll let you know, but for right now the answer's no."

	"You're going to be calling me in three months, begging me to take them
off your hands," Wayne told him.

	"I'll take that chance."

	

	

	Mr. Bernard Fillsen stood outside the office door, looking around the
barn with great interest.  Jack couldn't remember the last time someone in a
three piece suit had been in his barn.

	"What, specifically, were you looking for?" Jack asked him.  Fillsen
looked at him.

	"Just an producer," he repeated.  He studied the nearby rumps of cows
atop the automilkers.

	"Yes," Jack said.  "But not every cow I've got up for sale is the same. 
How much milk do you need?"

	"We had three cows, but one dried up.  We'll need one that produces at
least five quarts a day, and will keep it up for more than just a few years. 
Between staff and guests the estate averages twenty people."

	"How about appearance?  Will she be kept in the kitchen or be out and
about?"

	"The missus doesn't want her too pretty.  Her sons come and stay with
her often and a pretty cow might be too much of a distraction.  However, the
missus does like to, shall we say, drink straight from the tap, so the belle
needs to be clean and presentable.  She should also be, ahem, somewhat
affectionate.  The missus has been a widow for many years and has developed a
fondness for cows.  Her cows have been a great comfort to her.  Academy trained
girls are getting prohibitively expensive these days, but good cows suffice."

	Jack had been nodding as the butler went on.  "I think I've got one just
right for you.  Plain-looking and very companionable, she's still producing
eight for six - that's about a hundred and ninety ounces daily.  Let's go take a
look at her and then if she seems suitable you can look over her records."

	"Very well."

	Jack didn't see the cow he was looking for at the pumps and so led his
prospective customer past them to the play area.  Fillsen's eyebrows went up
when he observed the squirming pile of cows.  There were too many, too closely
intertwined for him to easily count their number, but he guessed the wiggling,
gasping mass held ten or twelve cows.

	"My," was all he said.

	Two of the cows noticed the visitor.  One disengaged herself from the
pile, crawled close, turned around on all fours, and wagged her rump at Fillsen
enticingly.  The other scooted over on her knees and hugged Fillsen's leg
tightly.  She began massaging his crotch with one hand while grinding her damp
sex against his shin.

	"Mr. Turner?"

	"Sorry," Jack said.  "Just push her away with your toe.  I told you they
were affectionate.  That's the one I had in mind for you."

	Fillsen got distracted from disengaging the cow around his leg. 
"Where?"  The cow groping him took the opportunity to locate his zipper.

	"The one on the bottom there."

	The cow Jack pointed to was thirty-nine and had been producing for him
for twenty-three years.  A mix-breed Verheiden, she wasn't as big as some but
the years had added weight to her teats.  As she lay on her back they covered
her torso from collarbone to navel, and had she not been overdue for a milking
her swollen teats would have been hanging off her chest past her armpits nearly
to the floor.  Her fat nipples pointed at the ceiling and wiggled as she moved. 
Fillsen couldn't see the belle's face, as another cow was sitting on it, but as
the cow in question was on her back with her legs spread and hadn't worn any
clothing in seven years he could see everything else.

	Jack looked over to see the cow wrapped around Fillsen's leg had his
penis out and was sucking loudly, if not too skillfully, on it.  Fillsen seemed
a bit dazed, as did most people upon first seeing a cowpile.

	"I'll be back in my office," Jack said, already turning to go.  "Take
your time examining her, and then let me know what you decide."  He smiled as he
walked off, only glancing once over his shoulder.  There was no sign of the
butler.

	

	

	Fillsen appeared in the doorway half an hour later.  He'd done his best
to make himself look presentable, but his suit was wrinkled and showed a few
damp spots.  His hair was mussed slightly, but he acted as if there'd been no
break in their conversation.

	"I think she'll do fine," Fillsen announced.  He tried to fix his hair
with his fingers but the milk that had leaked onto him had dried stiffly.  He
cleared his throat.  "Whom do I make the check out to?"

	"Sunrise Acres," Jack told him.  He indicated a sheaf of papers on the
corner of the desk.  "These are her papers.  Production records, immunizations,
medical exams, her whole personal history including the official federal
retirement approval.  You can take it with you if you want.  I'll need two days
for the check to clear, and then I can either transport her to you or you can
come pick her up.  If you come pick her up," Jack said pointedly, "there's a
good chance she'll be on a milker, or back there playing again.  You're welcome
to say hello to the cows if that's the case, but you might want to wear
something a little less formal."

	Fillsen looked down at himself.  "Quite."

	

	

	"So do you have any left?"

	Jack looked at the three young men before him.  "I wish you had called
first," he told them.

	"Sorry.  It was a kind of spur of the moment thing, and we . . . ."

	"You weren't sure if I'd even agree to see you," Jack finished for him. 
All three nodded.  They were standing in the middle of Jack's driveway on a late
Saturday afternoon.  The big SUV the boys had arrived in was still idling in the
drive.

	"This is the country, gentlemen.  Among other things, common courtesy is
actually common around here.  Such as calling before you show up in a stranger's
driveway unannounced.  Now," he waved absently as they opened their mouths, "I
was young once, with more balls than brains, so I won't take offense this time. 
Just remember, we do things straight and simple out here.  If you're serious
you're going to need a big chunk of money, and I'm not talking a personal
check."

	"Show him Ted," one of the guys urged another.  The skinniest of the
three reached into his pants and pulled out a fat roll of bills.  The top two
Jack could see were hundreds.

	"You didn't rob a bank, did you?"

	They smiled.  "We're just spoiled rich frat boys," Andy told him, in a
tone that said he'd heard it himself too many times.

	Jack looked at them, and at the proffered roll of bills.  "Nothing wrong
with being spoiled, or rich," Jack told them.  "It's being a spoiled rich
asshole that'll get you into trouble."  He rubbed his chin.  "I hesitate to ask. 
Does the school allow you to have a cow on premises?"

	"Our house is off campus, so it doesn't matter."

	"Hmmmm.  Any of you even seen a cow up close before?"

	"On TV," Andy volunteered.

	"Let me guess, that documentary about retired cows," Jack said.  They
nodded, and he shook his head.

	"Was it inaccurate?" Tony asked him.

	Jack pursed his lips.  "Those had to be the prettiest cows I've ever
seen," he told them.  "And the skinniest.  Don't know how many cows they had to
look at before they found those.  Other than that it was pretty
straightforward."

	Jack could see they didn't know whether or not to believe him.  He stood
there and thought for a few seconds, then motioned at their expensive vehicle. 
"Well, there's no law that says I can't sell you one.  Go on, shut it off, and
I'll take you up.  See if you're still interested when you see what real cows
look like."

	"Yeah!"  Two of the youths high-fived and then Andy raced off to the
running vehicle.  Jack turned and started toward the barn and the three of them
hurried to keep up.

	"How many cows do you have?" Tony asked upon seeing the size of the
barn.

	Jack stopped in front of the pedestrian door and, shielding the keypad
with his body, punched in the seven-digit access code.  "Eighty-something."  He
looked over his shoulder and saw the young men reading the No Trespassing sign
posted beside the door.

	"Alarm's hooked up to the Sheriff's Department," he told them.  "Cow
thievin's a federal felony."  He stepped through and waited for them to come in
before shutting the door behind them.

	Even though the wall put in as a wind block shielded the interior of the
barn from their eyes, all three of their heads went up sharply.  "Oh, man."

	"Do you smell that?  It smells like warm pussy and  . . . ." Andy
couldn't finish the sentence.

	"Dessert," Ted said.

	"It smells like a bunch of horny chicks baking cookies," Tony said.

	"You know, in all my years, that's the best description I've ever
heard."  Jack leaned over and hit the intercom on the wall.  "Yeah?" the four of
them heard.

	"Chris, I'll be showing three young men around the barn," Jack told his
son.  "They're interested in buying one of our retiring belles.  You don't hear
from me in an hour, you call the Sheriff.  You see them leaving with a cow,
without me calling and telling you first, you take your rifle and pop 'em all in
the head."

	"Yeah, no problem."

	Jack turned back to the now-serious young men who were looking back and
forth at each other.  "Jes so's we're all on the same page," he told them. 
"This ain't the city, but that doesn't mean we don't have crime.  And just
'cause I didn't go to college doesn't mean I'm stupid.  I'm sure you're all
upstanding young men, but I don't know you or your parents."

	"We should have called first," Ted said, swallowing nervously.

	"You're right," Jack said, then smiled.  "But you're here now.  Follow
me."  He headed inside, stopping outside his office.

	"Holy shit."  He didn't know which of them said it, but they were all
staring at the rows of milking machines and the cows continually climbing on and
off them.

	"Oh my God.  It is just like on TV.   They're all naked."

	"Of course they are," Jack said.  "They're cows," he reminded the young
men.  "Cows don't wear clothes unless they're cold, and the barn is climate
controlled."

	"Are those the milking machines?" Tony asked.

	"Yep."

	"Jesus, their tits are huge," Andy gasped.

	"Teats," Jack corrected him.

	"What?"

	"Girls have tits.  Cows have teats.  Four of 'em.  Well, some have six. 
And yes, they're huge.  Huge teats hold more milk."  He peered at them.  "If
you're serious about this, you've got to make yourselves realize that a cow is
not just some female with four tits instead of two.  These are dairy cattle with
bloodlines that go back a thousand years.  They've been selectively bred for
generations - more milk, more milk.  The young ones aren't even bred anymore -
they're cloned, and genetically enhanced.  Intelligence is not a factor, and to
tell you the truth I don't want smart cows.  They get bored and start causing
trouble.  Cows spend their whole lives inside barns with other cows, eating,
sleeping, and getting milked.  As long as they can be toilet-trained they're
smart enough for me.  Generally they've got the intelligence and attention spans
of a three year old.  You see how they're not even paying attention to us
anymore?"  Jack motioned at the dozen or so cows on nearby milkers.  "Cows are
not high maintenance, but what needs they do have are very particular.  You guys
have any idea how to care for a cow?"

	"No."

	"We can learn."

	"Any of you ever had a dog?" Jack asked.

	"Yeah."

	"Cows are a lot like dogs.  Give them food and water at the same time
every day, treat them nice, keep em clean, and give 'em a little attention, and
they'll do fine.  Now, you said you wanted to get a cow for your frat house?"

	"Yes Sir.  Delta Lambda Chi."

	"Well, I never went to college, but I know a fraternity's a busy place. 
Lots of stuff happening.  Someone needs to be in charge of taking care of her. 
And I'm not stupid, I know you're not interested in a cow 'cause of her milk,
but if you want her milk to stay in you've got to buy a pump and remind her to
use it several times a day at the same time.'

	"When?"

	"Depends how much milk you want out of her.  More she pumps, the more
she makes.  Girls I've got for sale are producing about five quarts a day or
more right now.  Don't know if you need or want that much, but there it is."

	"Five quarts?"  They couldn't believe it.

	 "You milk her less and her teats'll get smaller, just remember that,"
Jack told them.  They understood his point immediately.  "You can always throw
out the milk, or have your girlfriends drink it.  Fresh milk straight from a cow
is full of hormones that never make it into the pasteurized stuff you buy in the
grocery store.  Their tits'll get  bigger and they'll probably get a little
hornier."

	"Really?"  He could see they didn't really believe him.

	"You put any ten-year-old girl on a three glass a day diet of fresh
unprocessed milk and she'll be sprouting D-cups by the time she's twelve even if
every woman in her family's flat as a board.  And she'll never be frigid,
either.  It's one of those things the government doesn't really want publicized,
but I'm not yanking your chain.  I know you had to've heard stories about
farmers daughters, where do you think they came from?  Now, if you're in between
girlfriends," he told them, "have her drink it herself so it doesn't go to
waste.  I've never had reason to recycle milk but it should cut down on feed
costs."  He gave a wink.

	"Oh, man," Ted said.  All three of them were staring at the cows on the
automilkers.  A dozen smooth rumps were pointed their way, some swaying back and
forth as the cows shifted restlessly.

	"Can they talk?" Andy asked him.

	"Yep, and they can wash themselves, and use the toilet, but don't be
expectin' them to help you with your homework.  They do four things, and readin'
and writin' aren't one of 'em.  Like I said, they're a lot like three year olds,
but maybe with a smaller vocabulary since they don't get to practice much.  Not
much need for talk in here."

	"What are the four things?"

	"Follow me, and keep your hands to yourselves."  Jack walked down the
row of milking machines.  The boys' heads were on swivels, and Jack knew the
pheromone-laced air would make it hard for them to think straight.

	"Their whole life they've only done four things," Jack told them as he
walked.  "Eat, sleep, get milked, and that."  He stopped and pointed.

	The boys stopped and stared openmouthed at the cows' play area.  Almost
two dozen cows writhed on the padded mats, their intertwined bodies threatening
to spill over onto the concrete floor.  Gasps and moans and sloppy wet sounds
floated up from the pile.

	"Now, don't get me wrong, they like boys, they just don't see as many
boys as they'd like," Jack said.  "Those hormones I was talking about in their
milk?  They've got ten times as much in their bloodstream."

	"Oh my God!  Look at that shit!  They're fisting each other!"  Ted was
nearly shouting and half a dozen cows stopped what they were doing to look up.

	"Easy boy.  Verheidens are built big so they can make and carry more
milk," Jack said soothingly, and the nervous cows settled down at the sound of
his voice.  "Between their size and their lack of sensitivity, it takes a lot
sometimes to get their attention."

	"Lack of sensitivity?" Andy asked him.

	"They've got a high pain threshold," Jack told him.  "It's been bred
into them, same as their size and intelligence and number of teats."

	"Let's get down to brass tacks, shall we?" Jack said to the group. 
"You're thinking of a cow for your frat because they're low maintenance, have
four big tits, and always want to fuck.  Let me give you the downside.  You want
their teats to stay big, you have to make sure they go on the pump five or more
times a day.  Cows are frisky, but keeping them torqued all the way up takes two
things:  regular milking, and a steady diet of cow feed like LactoMax.  It's
full of the hormones they need, plus vitamins and other essential nutrients milk
production requires.

	"They need a regular schedule, and food, and a lot of water, or their
own milk if you're going to go that way, and if they get that they'll be more
than happy to fuck from dawn to dusk.  They'll do anything you tell them to, and
if it feels good they'll do it for hours.  With their reduced sensitivity not
much seems to faze 'em.  They're bred hairless, so you don't have to worry about
making them shave, although the hair on their heads does grow really fast
because of the hormones. 

	"Now for the negatives:  I can't retire a cow until she's been producing
for twenty years, which means any belle you're looking has been playing on mats
like these," he pointed, "since before you were born.  I don't want you thinking
you're going to buy a tight little virgin.  Plus, all the cows I've got left for
sale are Verheidens.  Had a few mix-breeds but sold those to a state orphanage
to breastfeed the little tykes.  Verhiedens are the big ones you see all around. 
They're big, and they always will be.  Even if you cut their food in half
they'll never be cute and petite.  And big means big all over, you get me? 
There's no such thing as a tight Verheiden."  He pointed at the writhing pile of
bodies.  "On the upside, this is pretty much what they do every day.  Sex is
like breathing to them.  They like it because it feels good.  They like
everything that feels good, and from what I've seen just about everything feels
good to them."

	"Damn," Ted muttered.

	"They like it in the ass?"

	"They like everything, that's what I'm trying to tell you," Jack said. 
"They liked getting milked.  The feed tends to bind 'em up and we have to give
'em enemas a lot, and they like that.    One of 'em in a cowpile like that gets
overexcited and starts pissing, they can't seem to stop it, the rest of them
start pissing too, and none of 'em stops what they're doing.  Happens twice a
week and I have to hose down the whole area.  They'll also swallow whatever you
put in their mouth because they figure it must be food and their tastebuds don't
seem too particular.  You could spank 'em til your hand was sore and they
wouldn't hardly mind.  But they're not tight, and not very talented; mostly what
they know how to do is lay there, or push backwards when they're on all fours. 
They're not highly-trained academy girls, they're just friendly dairy cows."

	"We get it," Andy said.  He looked around.  "Which ones are you
selling?"

	"I've got three still for sale," Jack told them.  "Go back to my office
over there and I'll round them up and bring them over, and you can take a look. 
And keep your hands to yourselves.  It's not that I don't want you cocking the
stock, but no offense, I don't know you.  I don't want any of my girls catching
crabs or some such."

	"Cocking the stock?"  Ted seemed to like the term.

	Five minutes later Jack herded the three cows over to the office.  They
were never in a hurry to get anywhere, and just sort of meandered along, looking
at everything and nothing in particular.  "These are them, boys."

	The three young men stared at the three retiring cows.

	"What are their names?" Andy asked.

	"Don't give 'em names, usually," Jack said, " but this one's nicknamed
Lips.  I bet you can guess why.  She's not pretty to look at, I'll grant you
that, but her parts are so tough she could sit on a cactus and it'd take ten
minutes before she'd notice.  She's as frisky as any cow I've got."

	The young men noticed how the cows hardly even looked at them, and
didn't seem to be hearing Jack.

	"She's a big fat pig!" exclaimed Tony.

	"That can fit everything you've got between your legs - and I do mean
everything -- in her mouth without even thinking about gagging," Jack pointed
out.

	"She doesn't have any teeth," Andy observed.

	"She's got dentures if you need 'em," Jack told them.

	"That's not a pussy, it's a catcher's mitt," Tony said in disgust.  "I
could fit my head in there."

	"I like her," Andy said, pointing at another of the belles.  "She's big,
but she's not fat.  Voluptuous."  The one he'd indicated had long brown hair
still wet from the shower.

	"Are all their nipples that huge?" Ted asked.

	"Yep.  Helps the milk come out faster.  Once it starts flowing it
doesn't stop until she's empty.  Remember that, next time you want to suck on
some pretty cow's teats, unless you're looking for a meal best to have a jug
nearby."

	"She's not too bad looking," Tony admitted.  He glanced at the third
cow.  She was a little chubby and looked as old as Lips, with a saggy gut and
stretchmarked tits.  Teats, he reminded himself.  He looked back at the cow Andy
liked.  She was sort of pretty, in a plain way, and her big tits-teats-were
almost perfect, no stretchmarks at all, although he still wasn't used to the
sight of nipples the size of his thumbs.  "Nice jugs."

	"She's still milking six times a day, so if you like those teats the way
they are you better keep that up.  Remember, these cows have been in this barn
all their adult life.  They only get out maybe once a year, so any change is
going to be drastic for them.  You decide to buy, you need to put her in a quiet
room for a couple days and let her adjust before you drag her to any wild
parties.  Let her meet everyone that lives there one at a time, get her pumping
regularly, and in a few weeks she won't even remember this place.  Too much
stress, though, and she'll get erratic and her milk will dry up.  Also, they're
not used to wearing clothes, so if you want to take them with you somewhere
dressed up, you have to break them in gradually.  You might have more of a
problem getting her to wear underwear than shirts or pants.  Underwear's real
uncomfortable if you're not used to it.  A few companies make bras for retired
milkers if you're interested, but they have to be custom made and aren't cheap. 
As long as her milk stays up her teats'll be firm, so a bra'd be just for looks. 
I'd guess she's about a G-cup, but I haven't seen a bra in about a decade."

	"G-cup is right," Tony said.  "What about when they're on the rag?"

	"Long as you keep 'em milking and keep 'em on their feed, with the
hormones, they don't have periods," Jack told them.  "Their body already thinks
they're pregnant, so they stop ovulating."

	The cow under discussion finally noticed all four males looking at her
and she smiled around at them.

	"Hi," Tony said, peering at her.

	"Hi," she said back.

	"What's your name?" Andy asked her.  The cow just frowned at him, not
understanding the question.

	"Have her turn around," Ted said to Jack, then looked at the cow.  "Turn
around," he told her.  Her brows furrowed again and she looked over her
shoulder, wondering if something was behind her.  She slowly turned in a circle
until she was facing the boys again.  The other two cows had drifted away, Lips
climbing atop an automilker.

	"Good," Andy said with a smile, and she smiled back at him.  "Nice ass,"
he said, looking at his companions.

	"Not bad," Tony admitted.  "It ain't small."

	"But that's an hourglass figure," Andy said.  "It's just a big
hourglass."

	"Want to play?" the cow asked Ted, then looked at the other men.  Her
smile got wider.  She ran her hands lightly over her teats, caressing them, in a
gesture Jack knew the young men would misinterpret.  The cow was just feeling
her milk building up, no making sexual overtures.  Cows didn't know how to flirt
and had never heard of foreplay or subtlety.

	"Jesus," Tony said, watching her.  Her teats looked like they weighed
ten pounds apiece.

	"Maybe later," Ted told her.  She looked crestfallen.  "Those dentures?"
Ted asked Jack.

	"No, they're hers.  She's got a good set of choppers.  Healthy all
around, actually."

	"Can I touch her tits?" Ted asked. 

	"If you're serious," Jack told him.  "But don't all of you rush her."

	Ted took a step forward and the cow smiled at him.  He smiled back. 
"Play," she said, nodding.  Ted slowly reached a hand out and gently cupped the
cow's upper left teat.  He gave it a slow squeeze, then moved his other hand up
and gave her top right the same treatment.

	"Pretty firm," he acknowledged. 

	Jack smiled and shook his head.  "You boys don't know anything at all
about cows, do you?  If you're going to give her a squeeze, give her a squeeze. 
She's a cow, not a nervous debutante."  He leaned over and roughly grabbed one
of the cow's nipples and pulled upward until her entire weighty breast lifted
off her ribcage, then dropped it.  It hit her torso with an audible slap.  The
cow moaned and slid a hand between her legs.

	"Gotcha."  Ted squeezed and pushed and tugged at her breasts, the cow
grinning at him the whole time.  "Her skin's really soft."  He played with her
nipples, rolling them between his fingers.  The cow started to pant, and the
hand between her legs twisted and wiggled.  "Jesus, they're like tire rubber. 
No wonder she doesn't mind."  He paused his explorations.  "She's really warm."

	"Body temperature's a degree and a half higher than mine or yours
because of the faster metabolism needed for milk production," Jack told him. 
"It's the hormones that make her skin so soft.  She looks like she'll need to
hit the pumps in an hour or so.  After that her teats'll be flatter, but her
nipples'll be bigger because of the suction."

	"Yeah.  These nipples are unbelievable."  He wrapped a hand around one
of her nipples and it practically filled his palm.  The cow's grin widened and
she grabbed Ted's hard cock through his pants.  His friends laughed.

	"I think she likes you," Andy said.

	"Oh, you can be sure of that," Jack told them.  "Here, let me show you
something.  Hormones do more than make them frisky."  He stepped over to the
cow, who was squeezing Ted's crotch with singleminded intensity.  Ted had let go
of her nipple and was just staring at her four huge breasts as they swayed and
moved against each other. 

	Jack gently disengaged the cow's kneading hand.  "Show him how you can
pull your legs back," he told her.  The big cow blinked slowly, twice, then
smiled.  She sat down on the floor and with no trouble at all tucked her knees
back behind her shoulders.  Her ankles were crossed behind her neck and she
smiled invitingly first at Ted, then all the males.

	"Jesus fucking Christ," Tony said.  The cow's teats were squished
between her thighs and her chest and she began tugging them free using her
nipples as handles.  The way she grabbed and pulled at her nipples was visible
proof they were anything but sensitive.  Soon she was nothing but teat between
chin and gaping sex.  Her clit was a sizeable nub peeking out of dusky pink
wrinkled flesh.  That flesh swept down to become meaty labia noticeably longer
than what the boys were used to seeing.  They gaped in the center, revealing
glossy ruby darkness.  Below, her wrinkled puckered anus clenched as the cow
resumed fingering herself.  She looked up at the boys, and they could hear how
wet she was.

	"Holee shit."  The squelching noises her worming fingers made were
impossible to miss.  She added a fourth finger and began working hard.  "I can't
believe my eyes," Andy said.

	"They're real flexible," Jack said with a grin.

	"It's like we're not even here," Ted said.  Just then the cow stuck
fingers from both hands into her wet hole and pulled it open invitingly while
staring up at the boys.  "C'mon and play," she said, grinning.

	"Oh, she knows we're here," Jack said.

	"I've got to fuck her," Tony said, holding his crotch.

	"They sell themselves," Jack murmured to himself.  "Not before you pay
me," Jack told Tony.

	"Give him the money, give him the money!" Tony said.  Jack was handed
the roll of bills and Tony began pulling at his belt.

	"Let me count it first," Jack said firmly.  "It won't take long.  You
can just watch her."  The cow had three fingers in one hole and two in the other
and had one of her nipples between her teeth, gnawing on it none too gently.

	Ten grand cash! Jack thought.  Christ, they'd have paid twelve if I'd
asked.  He counted the money a second time just to make sure while the boys
fidgeted, all three staring down at the cow pleasuring herself.  She was hoping
to entice them into joining her.  Little did she know.  "Okay, it's all here. 
You thinking of taking her back tonight?"

	They looked at each other.  "Yeah," Tony said finally.

	"Well then, I'd tell you to play with her before you left anyway so
y'all could get acquainted.  She'd going to be a little nervous, so the more
relaxed she is with you before you go the better.  Take your time."  He waved
the wad of bills at them.  "You've paid for it.  I'll be in my office."

	

	

	Not quite an hour and a half later Jack slid the cow's file across his
desk to Ted.  "Those are all her papers.  Immunizations, medical records,
retirement certificate, bill of sale.  The ID number on there matches the two
chips she's got implanted, one on her left ankle, the other inside her ribcage. 
She ever gets stolen or wanders off, call that phone number there and the FDA
will spin a satellite over and locate her for you.  Cost a few bucks, but
cheaper than buying a new cow."

	Ted and Andy looked surprised.  They hadn't known cows carried locater
chips.  Jack glanced out the window to where Tony was still busy with his new
purchase.  Through the open doorway he could hear the wet slap of their bodies
and her giggling gasps.

	"How many guys in your fraternity?" Jack asked them.

	"Thirty-two."

	"Thirty-two, huh?  Well, one should be enough, but if you decide you
need another cow, I've got five more coming up for retirement at the end of the
year.  Now remember, she's going to need some time to get adjusted.  Y'all pile
on right away and you're going to have some problems."

	"Okay."

	Jack handed Ted some more paperwork.  "Here.  This is the brand of pump
you should buy.  It's not cheap, but it's the best portable one out there.  And
her feed, I wrote it all down for you.  She gets twenty-five hundred calories a
day of LactoMax Blue, half in the morning and half at night.  If she's eating a
lot of your food, or getting more exercise than she did here, you might need to
adjust that.  Pay attention to her weight for the first few months.  You can
call me if you have any questions or concerns.  In fact, I wish you would.  I've
heard of frat cows before, but I'm still a little anxious selling her to you
boys."

	"She'll be fine," Ted assured him. 

	Tony appeared in the doorway, buttoning up his pants.  He looked
exhausted and out of breath and very pleased with himself.

	"Damn," he said.  "She can't get enough.  And she just doesn't care
where you put it either."  The cow appeared behind him, a big smile on her face. 
Her mound and labia were bright pink from the vigorous pounding she'd just
received, and red fingermarks were visible on her breasts.  She ran a hand
around Tony's midsection and tried to slide it down the front of his pants, but
he stopped her.  "I'm too tired," he told her, sounding like he couldn't believe
what he was saying.  She pouted, then looked at the other men hopefully.  Tony
glanced at her.

	"She squirts," Tony told Jack.  Jack nodded knowingly.

	Tony didn't think he quite understood.  "No, I mean when she comes, she
squirts.  Like a fucking drinking fountain.  The other boys nodded.

	"Most of the cows seem to," Jack told them.  "I think it's an unintended
effect of their bodies being engineered to produce so much fluid.  I've been hit
standing six feet away.  It's one indicator of whether they're due for a
milking."  Jack pointed at her.  "Those, gentlemen, are full teats.  Why don't
you take her to a machine and see how the nozzles are supposed to fit.  After
that I'll walk her out to your car and you can be on your way.  It'll be too
late to do it tonight, but first thing tomorrow you need to get out to a feed
store and buy her some LactoMax and a pump.  She can't wait that long, so you're
going to have to nurse her a little, relieve the pressure.  That might be a good
way to introduce her to some of your frat brothers.  One at a time," he added as
a reminder.

	"They're not going to fucking believe this," Andy said.  He turned and
looked at the cow standing naked behind Tony, whom he'd banged in all three
holes, that squirted when she came like an industrial sprinkler, the cow he
owned.  Yet for all that, what struck him was her total innocence.  She was
doing things simply because they felt good.  There was no guile or artifice in
her, and as bizarre as her appearance had been to him at first, he could see now
in her expressions that she held nothing back.  Every trace emotion she felt was
displayed on her face, and that simple openness made her look years younger than
she had to be.

	

	

	Half an hour later the young men were climbing into their vehicle.  Jack
had led the cow out of the barn - her first trip outside in eight months - and
walked her down the driveway holding her elbow.  He could feel her shivering,
but whether from the cool air or the excitement of the situation he didn't know. 
Her head was on a swivel, looking at the house, the surrounding fields, at stars
that had come out since the boys had gone into the barn.

	Jack helped the cow navigate the step up--she was unfamiliar with
steps--and Ted got her settled in the back seat.  Jack had found an oversize
sweatshirt if they needed something for her, but the cow was nervous enough
without having to put on clothes.

	Tony scrambled into the back seat next to the cow.  "You're driving," he
told Ted.  The cow watched him with great interest.  Her breasts were barely
half their former volume once they'd been drained of milk, and hung down lower,
but her nipples were still swollen from the pump suction.  Her bottom pair
rested on her thighs as she nervously sat in the seat. Tony began playing with
them to her delight and she immediately forgot about her strange surroundings.

	"Damnit," Ted cursed and climbed behind the wheel.

	Andy turned and stuck out a hand to Jack.  "It's been a pleasure doing
business with you," the young man said with a bemused smile.  He still couldn't
believe he'd just purchased a cow.  It wasn't all his money -- they'd collected
it from everyone, and the fraternity was listed as the owner on the cow's
paperwork - but he owned her as much as anyone.

	"Nice to meet you," Jack agreed.  He called into the vehicle as Andy
climbed into the passenger seat.  "You boys take good care of her now, and
she'll take care of your frat - and your brothers -- long after you've
graduated."  The last thing he saw of them was Tony waving from the back seat
with a big smile as the SUV backed down the driveway, the cow's hands fiddling
with his belt.

	

	

	TWENTY-SIX MONTHS LATER

	Tony could feel the stairs vibrating under his feet from the thundering
rock and roll coming out of the stereo.  He could hardly hear the music above
the shouts and laughter of the fifty-plus people packed into the frat house.  He
pushed past the few people on the stairs - Jeff and his girlfriend sucking face,
his hands inside her shirt, Andy and Matt Brown chugging down plastic cups of
beer - and started checking the bedrooms for Jugs.

	She wasn't hard to find - one bedroom doorway was filled by three guys
looking in, hootin' and hollerin', and as Tony peered past them he could see a
rowdy crowd of his frat brothers filling the room.  Two were putting their
clothes on, and one was taking his clothes off, while Matt, Brian, and Bobby the
Weasel took their turn with Jugs on the bed.  Matt's girlfriend Kristy stood
next to the bed, cheering him on.  There were a few other girls in the room
watching the action, excitement mixed with embarrassment on their faces.  They
were from Lambda Epsilon, one of the college's many sororities.  Everyone was
drinking from big plastic cups and the room smelled of beer and sex.

	"Hey!"  He had to shout to be heard above the din.  "You've got five
minutes, and then I need her for the initiation."  The guys around him booed
unhappily.

	"Goddamnit, I just started," Weasel yelled at him, on his knees behind
Jugs.

	"I don't care," the president of the fraternity told him.  "Now you've
got four minutes.  Party's going to go all night, you can go again later."

	"Shit."

	"Just fuck that big-titted slut!" Kristy shouted sloppily, and the crowd
erupted in drunken yells.

	Jugs was straddling Brian, and only the top of his head and his legs
from the knees down were visible.  She was thrusting her big hips back and down
onto him hard enough to shake the bed.  Weasel knelt behind her, banging his
cock into her bouncing ass as fast as he could.  Jugs was groaning happily as
she sucked hungrily on Matt's cock.

	The party inside the bedroom had been going strong for almost three
hours.  Even though her body was shiny with sweat and the bedspread was soaked
with semen Jugs showed no signs of tiring.  Tony would have been surprised if
she had.

	Matt came first with a grunt.  Jugs enthusiastically sucked him dry,
moaning and making loud slurping sounds.  He finally pulled away from her and
his penis came out of her mouth with a pop!  While his two frat brothers
continued to bang her Matt walked around the bed.  Kristy grabbed his deflating
cock with her free hand and kissed him drunkenly.  He reached inside her mostly
unbuttoned blouse and scooped one of her d-cup tits out of her bra, squeezing it
roughly.

	"Yeah!  Yeah!  Harder!  Fuck me!" Jugs said over her shoulder as Weasel
increased his tempo.  She had a big delighted smile on her face.  "Come in my
ass!"

	Brian was pinching her nipples as she rode him as hard as she could. 
Her pussy was as wet as if she'd sat on a hose and every time she came down hard
it made a squelching slap.  Brian could feel her juices running down the crack
of his ass.

	Weasel came next, forcing himself hard against her ass as he spurted
into her stretched, semen-filled orifice.  There were hoots from the crowd,
which had started to thin.

	"Yeah, fuck me, fuck me," Jugs said, looking down at Brian as she felt
Weasel pulling out.  Her smile was huge.  Now that she didn't have to worry
about dislodging a second cock she really started banging her hips down on the
skinny boy underneath her.  It was all he could do to hold on to her nipples.

	"She's gonna snap him in two!" someone yelled out to laughs.

	Even though she was slack and sloppy after hours of fucking, the meaty
impacts were enough for Brian, who'd been a virgin before he'd joined the frat
four months earlier.  Jugs still was the only name on his list, so he had
nothing to compare her to.

	"Oh yeah, unh, unh!"  Jugs began grinding her sopping folds against his
mound as she felt another orgasm building within her.  "I'm coming!  Come in my
pussy!"  His cock slopped around inside her like a spoon in a mixing bowl and
that was enough for Brian.  He grunted with each contraction, feeling her slack
hole clench around him.  His cock popped out of her soupy orifice accidentally. 
Jugs grunted loudly and the spectators around the bed had an unobstructed view
as a gusher of clear ejaculate squirted from her gaping pink hole.  It arced
across the bed, leaving a wet line that reached all the way past Brian's feet,
to the edge of the bed and onto the floor.  His last spurt flew into the air and
landed on her back.  Guys in the crowd cheered.

	"She's a fucking squirtgun," somebody said, laughing.

	"That's so gross," one of the sorority girls said, and kept watching
intently, nipples visibly hard under her sheer blouse.

	"Someone get her a towel so she can wipe up," Tony said, as Jugs moved
down Brian on hands and knees and began licking him clean.  Thick gobs of semen
oozed from her friction-swollen folds as she bent over, dripping onto the
bedspread.  Her hand slid down between her legs and began massaging her big
clit, a long string of semen dangling from it.  Tony looked around at the crowd
still blocking the doorway.  "Go on, get the fuck downstairs," he shouted.

	Someone found him a clean towel as Jugs was climbing off the bed, the
lights gleaming off her sweaty skin.  He looked up at her flushed face.  There
was semen, wet and dry, in her hair.  "You need to clean up," he told her.

	"Are we done fucking?" she asked him unhappily.  He watched as she
unconsciously massaged her breasts.

	"You have to come downstairs," he told her.  "New boys are joining the
frat and they want to meet you.  Remember what we did last time?"

	In her high-heeled black leather boots Jugs was nearly half a foot
taller than him and he had to look up to see her smile.  "Then we can play!" she
said happily, the stainless steel stud through her tongue flashing in the light.

	Tony nodded.  "Yes, then you can play some more."  He handed her the
towel and Jugs began drying herself off.  Tony stood there and studied her.

	The black boots matched the black leather chaps Jugs was wearing.  They
covered most of her legs but left her ass and pubic region bare, and were
connected to and held up by a belt around her waist.  They were the only clothes
she wore other than the black string holding her hair back in a ponytail.

	Jugs laid the towel on the floor and squatted over it, knees spread
wide.  Again Tony was struck by her physique.  When he'd first seen her he
hadn't realized how muscular she was, and now that she'd lost a little bodyfat
her musculature was even more apparent.  She began pushing with her inner
muscles and a thick jet of semen spurted from her asshole.  Slow-moving strings
of semen oozed from her bulging pussy and dripped leisurely onto the towel. 
Tony could see part of the tattoo across the small of her back.  PROPERTY OF
DELTA LAMBDA CHI, in black, inch-high letters.  A matching DLC was tattooed
across her pubic mound in letters two inches high, although Tony couldn't see it
where he was standing behind her.  What he could see were the names tattooed on
her back.  The name of every one of his fraternity brothers, current and former,
who had had Jugs, tattooed in small letters, the names in two columns running
parallel to her spine down her muscular back.  Seventy-nine names at last count,
his at the top of the left-side column.  If everything went as planned they'd be
able to add four more in the morning.

	"Wipe up, and then go pee in the bathroom," Tony told her.  "They're
downstairs waiting."  As she stood up he patted her on the rump affectionately.

	

	

	"Are you gentlemen ready?" Tony called from the doorway of the
diningroom.  The crowd was in the huge party room, lined up four deep to watch
the show. 

	"Yes they are!"  Andy called back.  He was the frat's VP and in charge
of the four new pledges.

	"Have them put 'em on the table," Tony called.

	Each of the pledges had been presented with a fancy glass beer mug with
its own brass plaque inscribed with their name and today's date.  Andy directed
them and the four young men put the mugs in a row on top of a low coffee table.

	Tony saw the mugs, nodded, and moved aside.  Jugs stepped into view to
the roaring cheers of the crowd, most of whom knew what was coming.  Tony saw a
lot of female faces staring out at him and nodded to himself.

	Dressed in her black leather chaps and boots, Jugs slowly walked across
the room toward the boys, who were staring at her.  They'd never seen anyone
like her up close before and were mesmerized by the sight of the big woman
approaching them.

	"Like I said before, you have all distinguished yourselves throughout
our selection process," Andy said to the four young men, in a voice loud enough
to be heard by everyone.  The crowd quieted as Jugs drew close.  "But there is
still one final thing that you must do, here, in front of witnesses, before you
can become a Delta Lambda Chi brother."

	Jugs straddled the small table and squatted over the glass beer mugs. 
The crowd held its collective breath as she paused, and then the yellow stream
shot from her folds.  The amber liquid splashed into the first mug, a foamy head
growing.  After a few seconds Jugs moved forward and started on the second mug. 
In less than a minute she'd filled all four of the mugs past the halfway point. 
She hovered over the fourth, squeezing the last drops out, then stepped over the
small table out of the way.  She looked to Tony, who nodded and gave her a
smile. 

	The four prospective frat members stared in shock at the mugs before
them and their foamy contents.  They were all quite intoxicated already, but
things had taken an unexpected turn.

	"Drink it all and you're in.  Don't and you're gone."  Andy wiggled his
eyebrows at them and then walked over to stand next to Tony and Jugs.  The four
young men stared after him, then looked around at the expectant crowd.

	"Did I do it right?" Jugs asked.

	Andy patted her rump.  "Perfect."

	"We've all done it!" Weasel shouted, and the crowd began chanting Drink
It!  Drink It! Drink It!

	Without hesitation, one of the men grabbed his mug and chugged the
contents as fast as he could as the crowd cheered.  The noise was deafening.  He
finished the mug, then stared at it, looking slightly puzzled, foam on his upper
lip.  He turned to the other three, and a smile slowly grew on his face.  "Go
on," he urged them.

	"That's Parker, isn't it?" Tony asked Andy.

	"Yeah."

	"He the one with the hot sister?"

	"Yeah, she's over there by the stairs."

	The second pledge grabbed his mug, gulped nervously, and began drinking. 
He was halfway done before the taste hit him.

	Tony spotted the sister and gave a low whistle.  "Smoking hot.  What's
that she's drinking?"  The girl in question had a cup in her hand.

	"It's beer!" the second pledge shouted.  "It's fucking beer!"  Everyone
started laughing, and he looked around until he spotted Jugs.  He stared at her,
wondering just how that trick had been accomplished.  A Foley catheter, Tony
could have told him. More than one of his frat brothers was in pre-med.

	Jugs massaged her stomach as she waited for the fucking to begin.  The
cold beer had given her cramps, and her breasts were uncomfortably taut and
swollen because she was an hour late for her evening milking, but she knew
relief was near.  As soon as the new boys finished their drinks they were
supposed to nurse from her teats and then she'd get to fuck them.  She could
already feel the sting of the needle as their names were tattooed on her back
and the thought got her excited.

	She'd been a little scared at first in her new surroundings, but the
boys had been really nice to her.  They fed her, and cut her hair, and showed
her how to pump out her teats.  They taught her the word 'fuck', and a lot more,
and what to say when they were fucking her.  There were an awful lot of boys,
and she got to fuck all the time.  She got to fuck so much that her pussy was
always leaking their juice, and after she put stains on some of the furniture
they made her wear G-strings around the house.  They were uncomfortable at
first, but the boys really seemed to like the way they looked on her.  She could
hardly remember her life before coming to the fraternity, but occasionally
wished she got to play with more girls.

	"She's underage, so it's straight milk," Andy told Tony, nodded at the
cup in Parker's sisters hand.  "She really likes the stuff."

	Tony smiled.  The frat had a rule - when in the house, females,
regardless of age or affiliation, were only allowed to drink milk, either
straight or in an Avalanche, the alcoholic drink they'd invented (milk with rum,
vanilla, and shaved ice).  Even though some of the visiting sorority girls
thought milk fresh from the frat cow's teats was gross, most of them drank it. 
Those that didn't were asked to leave - no exceptions.  The results - best
typified by Matt's girlfriend Kristy - spoke for themselves.  When they'd first
started dating three years previous she'd been shy, flatchested, and two
one-night-stands shy of being a virgin.  Tony hoped the same thing would happen
to Parker's smoking hot sister, who spent a lot of time at the frat sucking down
fresh milk.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AlwaysCocked


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





