BDSM Library - Making Danielle Cum




Making Danielle Cum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Danielle is stalked and captured.  Michael, Bill and Roxanne all take sexual advantage of this young lady.  As they take her, she soon learns that she loves it.
Author: Powerone and Danielle
Title: Making Danielle Cum
Summary: Danielle is stalked and captured.  Michael, Bill and Roxanne all take
sexual advantage of this young lady.  As they take her, she soon learns that she
loves it.
Keywords: M+F+, nc, oral, anal, reluc

Copyright 2003 by Powerone and Danielle.  Danielle and Powerone can be e-mailed
at controlher@hotmail.com.

Making Danielle Cum
	
	Ignoring my pleas, you bury your cock all the way into my little pink
hole.  You hold it there feeling me squirm, I'm panting, trying to catch my
breath, the pain is unbearable, and I scream in agony.  "Yea baby, that's it,
scream for me, tell me how much it hurts."  You pull your cock out of me only to
shove it back in again with such force that I almost pass out.   The pain rips
through me with each thrust.  "Do you like my big cock?  Does it feel good when
I shove it deep into your tight little ass?  Do you like the way I fuck you,
stretching your asshole so wide?  Do you like the way it fills your asshole?" 
You reach around and squeeze my clit, rolling it between your fingers as you
pump your cock in and out of my asshole.  "Tell me how much you like it! I know
you like my big cock in your asshole, I'm going to fuck you until you cum for me
just to prove you like it.  Come on baby, squeeze that cock, yea, that's it. 
Oh, you are a good little fuck aren't you? Oh, your ass is so tight!"
	
	It was only a couple of hours ago that I executed my plan to capture
you.  I had been following you for over two months now.  I knew you better then
most of your friends.  You are an artist, most of the time you work at home. 
You are young, 5'10", long brown hair, green eyes, but your most prominent
feature is your DD cup tits.  It did not seem like you dated much.  Not sure
why, you had a body that anyone would want to fuck.  Your name is Danielle, but
I had heard others call you Dani.  I preferred Danielle.

	My cabin was about 20 miles from your home.  About twenty minute drive
with good weather and little traffic.  I had decided on Friday as the day I was
going to kidnap you.  That would leave me all weekend before anyone knew you
were gone. I had the van all ready and my accomplices all arranged.  Roxanne and
her boyfriend, Bill would be joining me.  Roxanne was bisexual and Bill was a
sadist by desire.  They both enjoyed, as I also did, in initiating young girls
in the finer aspects of sexual perversions.  They both had approved of
Danielle's abduction.  The van was specially equipped with my special seat
belts. I had searched out this location with you in mind.  The particular tree I
found was exactly what I was looking for.  The trunk was about three feet in
diameter, but also had two smaller trunks coming out from the bottom.  The two
smaller trunks were on each side and were about one foot in diameter.  Large
roots surrounded the trunks, some up to two inches in diameter.  It was an
oddity among trees, but fit exactly into my plans.  I came back, a chain saw in
my possession.  I cut down the tree three feet from the ground.  The smaller
trunks were cut one feel lower at two feet.  I cut the rest of the tree into
short pieces for firewood and loaded them into the wheelbarrow and took them to
my cabin, about 100 yards away.  My cabin was in the most deserted part of the
forest, the nearest neighbor being over three miles away.  There was no mail
service, police or fire service and the nearest store was over ten miles by
jeep, roads being impassable without four-wheel drive.

	We had been watching you all morning and it seemed like we would never
get our chance until you came out right after noon.  You were dressed in a small
halter-top and a pair of shorts.  Neither garments did much to cover your body. 
My cock was already hard in anticipation.  You began to do some gardening in the
front yard of the condo you lived in.  The rest of the street seemed fairly
deserted, most people at work.  I pulled out and drove the van down the street
until I stopped in front of your condo, only three feet from where you were
working.  Roxanne was sitting in the front seat with Bill, looking like a
couple. 

	"Excuse me, Dani, could you tell me how to get to the market?  Bill
watched your reaction as he asked.

	I looked up when someone called my name.  "Excuse me," I said, looking
up from my gardening.  Danielle looked at the couple in the van.

	"I asked if you could tell me where the market was, Dani," Bill
repeated.

	"Do I know you, you know my name?  Looking up and seeing the woman in
the car with you.

	"We just moved into the condo behind yours.  We met your mother the
other day and she told us that if we needed anything, we could ask you if she
was not at home.  We're finally finished moving in and we are in desperate need
of some food," Roxanne replied.

	"Oh, OK, she didn't say anything, but I did see your moving van
yesterday."  I gave them the directions, watching as they looked puzzled, the
market being over ten miles into town.

	"Do you know where she is talking about, Bill," Roxanne asked him.

	"I'm more confused then when we started, explain again Dani," Bill
asked, putting a puzzled look on his face.

	Danielle explained again about the left turn, two miles, first right
after the light, down two miles to where the road splits, take the right split,
another three miles, next right after the gas station, second turn on the right
and the last building in the small shopping center.

	"I'm sorry, we must be brain dead from hunger, but I don't think I can
find it.  Why you mind showing us, we will only be about 15 minutes in the
store?  Please, we're really desperate," Roxanne begged Danielle.

	Danielle thought about it.  Her mother wanted her to help them, it would
only be a little while.  The town was a small town, where people did not even
lock their doors, crime was usually drunk and disorderly on a Saturday night. 
"OK, but I have to get right back."

	"Hop in," the back door sliding open.

	They open the side door and there is another man in the back seat, but
he appears harmless.  Quiet, but friendly.  I hop in the back, the couple insist
that I put on my seat belt.  I assume for safety reasons, but I soon find out
the real reason. The seat belts are odd, the kind used in racecars, a strap down
each shoulder, across the waist and a small square box attached to the one going
between my legs. Everyone appears to belted in using the same type belt so it
does not concern me. They close the door, we drive off promising to bring me
right back.
	
	We drive along, they follow my directions for a few miles then head to
out of town. Before I realize what is going on my seat belt begins to vibrate. 
It is coming from the square box attached between my legs.  "What's happening!"
I exclaim.
	
	"Oh, I'm sorry, my name is Michael.  I used to be a race car driver and
I am now an inventor.  These seat belts are in final testing before they are to
be put in all Mercedes vehicles.  As you can see they are like those used in
racecars, but with some major modifications".
	
	Danielle squirmed in her seat, listening to Michael speaking but not
really paying attention. Wearing very little clothing, the vibrating seat belt
is virtually in direct contact with my clit. I become uncomfortable and squirm
around looking for a way to release the seat belt.
	
	Michael continues, staring at her with a knowing grin on his face.  "I
found that serious accidents occurred in spite of the drivers wearing seat
belts, in this case, they are called harnesses, because the belts would
routinely loosen the longer the driver wore them.  These are automatically
adjusting belts, what you feel is the electrical mechanism tightening up.  I
notice you squirming, that is why your belt is so active.  You must stay still
or it will continue."
	
	By the time I realize that there is no release on my belt, we are on a
deserted dirt road in the middle of nowhere.  I feel my heart drop as it dawns
on me that there is no escape, yet I am so aroused by the vibrating belt that my
reaction is a cross between fear and deep desire to feel a hard cock in my
pussy.

	The van pulls off the road onto another more desolate

	The van pulls in and parks. Roxanne and Bill come around to the door and
open it, watching me still squirming to free myself.  They say nothing, just
smiling.  Michael released his cock from his pants.  He sat there stroking his
cock, watching me watching him, enjoying the fear he sees in my eyes.  His cock
was huge, not more than 8" long, but almost as thick as a soda can.  When he
finally does speak to me, his voice was deep and smooth almost sexy if I wasn't
so scared.  He explained to me that he was going to "break me in".

	The back seat swivels around to face the open sliding door.  Michael
never says a word as he reaches for my left leg.  He wraps a strap around my
knee and pulls it tightly to the back of the driver's seat.  He then takes my
right leg and roughly pulls it toward the bench seat in the back of the van.  He
tied both in place with just enough room for me to wiggle a bit.  This allowed
full access to my pussy.  I feel the vibrating belt between my legs pulled aside
just far enough for him to cut the crotch of my shorts.  Pulling my damaged
clothing out of the way allows him just enough room to slide a finger into my
now, very wet pussy.  I squirm, trying to fight him off with my arms.  Begging
him to stop and let me go.  He smiles at me, reaches for my arms, and quickly
locks them into Velcro ties on the van ceiling before he returns to fucking my
pussy with his fingers.

	Roxanne steps into the van and inserts a tape into the TV/VCR mounted
above the passenger's seats.  As the tape starts to play, Michael opens a small
black box containing a camcorder and begins taping.

	Roxanne pulls my blouse open and takes my tits, one in each hand and
pinches my nipples.  She runs her hands over my large breasts, taking one nipple
into her mouth, sucking, licking and nibbling, then the other.  Against my will,
my nipples immediately became hard little nubs responding to her touch. She
leans in to rub her breasts across my face.  I turn away but cannot escape. She
opens her blouse, and rubs her nipples until they are hard.  She bends down and
one at a time, rolls her hard nipples against mine.  I've never been with
another woman before but I couldn't believe how horny she was making me. Pleased
with my response, Roxanne moves to the seat in back, she bends down and pulls a
suitcase from behind the seat.  She opens the suitcase and rummages through the
contents.

	I am distracted when I hear a woman pleading and crying.  I look up and
can't believe what I see.  The tape is of her strapped into the same seat that I
am in, her legs are spread open and her pussy is being violated just like mine. 
On the tape she is crying and pleading for them to let her go.  I watch as they
fuck her with their fingers and she's begging them to stop.  They ignore her
pleas while they discuss her pussy, how tight it is, if it's wet enough to fuck
yet.  They are doing the same thing to her on the tape as they are doing to me
at that very moment.

	Michael finger slides in and out of her pussy.  With every thrust he
uses his thumb to push the little vibrating box hard against her clit.  "You've
got a great pussy.  Do you like what I'm doing to you?  Do you like knowing that
everyone is looking at your pussy?"
	
	 "Please stop," I beg him
	
	"Why do you want me to stop if you are so wet?"  I know you have no
answer for me and continue to question you.  "Do you want to feel my hard cock?  
Did you shave your pussy just for me?  Beg me to fuck you?"  I taunt you.
	
	"No, I don't want you to," I cry out, watching Michael still slowly
stroking his hard cock.  He shoves another finger into me and fucks me faster
and harder.
	
	 "Soon enough," Michael states, his cock harder and harder.
	
	 I feel myself getting close to orgasm, I am desperate to divert my
attention. I can't have an orgasm, not like this!  I look away only to see
Roxanne on the bench seat in the back of the van is now half-naked.  Her large
breasts are exposed and her pussy is in clear view.  When she sees me looking at
her she squeezes her tits together and rolls her nipples between her fingers. 
She lifts one tit to her mouth and sucks on her own nipple.  She looks like
she's putting on a show as her hand slips down between her legs.  She rubs her
clit, sliding her fingers up and down her pussy and moaning.  She spread her
lips and slipped a finger inside.  I can't watch her anymore, my pussy is
getting wetter.  I look up in effort to keep myself from cumming, only to see
the taped movie of her being fucked.
	
	In the movie there is a different woman watching as they fuck the woman
who is now fingering herself in the back seat. I realize that they are playing
out the movie, only changing one character and the women change roles. The woman
on the tape screams in agony when a finger is brutally shoved up her ass.  A
moment later I feel incredible pressure on my anus. I scream as Michael finger
fucking my pussy uses his other hand to stick his finger up my ass.  I try in
vain to get away from his finger, bucking my hips up and down, trying to move
away from the painful intrusion.  All I managed to do was ride his fingers. They
slide in and out of both holes, as I desperately try to escape. With all my
squirming I'm forcing my clit even harder against the little vibrating box on
the seat belt.  Within seconds I had my first orgasm.
	
	All watch as my orgasm shakes my body, my naked tits bouncing on my
chest, my hips rising from the seat, pushing into the fingers that fuck my pussy
and asshole.  Michael watches as my body settles back into the seat, his fingers
slipping noisily out of my wet pussy.  His hand goes back to slowly stroking his
cock, watching my face.
	
	"Time to get fucked, Danielle.  Get out of the van," the seatbelt
suddenly snapping open, relieving the pressure on my exposed clit.
	
	I was helped, more pulled then helped, out of the van by Bill.  Michael
followed me out, his hands rubbing over my naked ass as we got out.  He pulled
me into the woods.
	
	"I will see you and Roxanne back in the cabin in about an hour." Michael
told Bill as we marched away from them.

	"Where are you taking me?" I cried as you pulled me along the dense
brush, the brush scratching my naked skin.

	"I have a special place for you Danielle.  It is where I am going to
fuck you in your asshole.  You made my cock very hard in the van and I am going
stick my big cock up your asshole.  I want to hear you beg, to hear you scream. 
There is nobody out here except Roxanne and Bill and they will do many things to
you to make you scream.  Now over here, I have found this special place that I
made just for your ass fucking."  We moved over into the clearing where the
stump was. 

	I looked puzzled at the stump before me.  It was not anything special,
just a tree stump, though it did look like it was cut recently.  "Please, nobody
has ever stuck their penis up my behind.  It hurt when you stuck your fingers up
my bottom in the van, I could never stand anything as big as a penis.  And it is
disgusting, why would anyone want to go up my behind?"

	"I enjoy a nice tight asshole, gripping my cock when I fuck it.  Your
screaming will also make my cock very hard, the better to fuck you with.  Now
over here," pulling you over to the tree stump.  "I picked this one out just
with you in mind.  This will be a lot less painful if you cooperate," my hand
slapping hard against your asscheeks.  I pulled you closer, forcing you to stand
in front of the tree stump.

	I started to get the purpose of the tree stump as you push me in front
of it.  I feel you behind me, pushing down on my back, forcing me to bend over. 
You wanted me bent over, my ass in the air, ready for your cock.  "Please, do my
pussy, not in my butt," but I know that you will force me to take it in my
backside. 

	"That's a good little girl, baby, now just put your knees on the two
little stumps on the side, yes, that's good, spread your legs out like that."  I
watch as you mount the stump, your legs spreading wide to balance on the two
side stumps.  Your stomach rests on the higher center stump.  "Yeah, baby, now
push forward a little, I'll hold you, yes, there you go," my hands holding your
hips as I ease you forward, your abdomen now resting on the larger stump.

	I feel your hands urging me forward on the stump, my legs spread and
kept stretched wide by the two smaller stumps holding my knees firmly in place. 
I feel you pushing down on my head, lowering it towards the ground.

	"Yeah, baby, upside down, now that's the way I want you.  Now grab the
roots on the bottom with your hands and don't let go."  I slap your ass hard,
watching your cheek turn red.  "Now arch your ass up baby, show me that
asshole," I look at you, bent over, knees spread wide, ass cheeks separated,
your tiny asshole peeking out.  Your ass is almost sticking straight up in the
air at just the right height for my cock.

	I start to feel a little dizzy, blood rushing to my head as I grip the
roots, my ass pulled up high.  The position I was in would allow him to
penetrate me very deep.  It was going to hurt and I couldn't do anything about
it.  "Please, don't do this," I cried, tears running down my face.  I hear the
rustle of clothes behind me and I know that you are now naked as I am.  I feel
fingers on my ass, stroking across my naked butt.  I tremble in fear. 

	I put my fingers on each side of your asshole, pulling outward on your
pucker.  I see you begin to clench your cheeks, my hand slapping your asscheeks
hard back into submission.  "Don't tighten up your cheeks."  Your cheeks relax,
my fingers returning on opening up your ass pucker.  Your asshole looks so tiny. 
I don't know how my large cock would get in, but I knew it would be painful for
you.   I watch as your ass pucker clenches and unclenches as I slowly spread
your asshole open, your hole now open over 1/2 inch.  Just wait until you get a
cock that is over two inches in diameter.

	"Oh, no, please, you're stretching me too much, it hurts," I cry, my
hands clenching the roots tightly as you abuse my virgin asshole.

	I grab my cock in my fist, pumping it up and down, making it harder. 
"You haven't felt anything yet, my little cunt."  I take the head of my cock and
run it up and down your pussy slit, spreading your lips open, your pussy juice
lubricating the head of my massive cock.  "You little bitch, all nice and wet
for Daddy, getting all nice and wet for your ass fucking." 

	I feel your cock running over my pussy.  You know that I am wet.  I
don't even understand it.  You are about to fuck me in my tiny asshole and I am
wet in anticipation.  "Please, that will hurt, put it in my pussy, fuck my
pussy, please," I beg you.  But I feel you slide your cock up and press it
against my asshole.  I brace for when you will try to penetrate me, tightening
up my ass cheeks.  Your fingers stretch my cheeks open, my asshole pucker
spreading open more, the head of your cock slowly pushing into the indent.  I
can feel my asshole beginning to stretch open.  It feels like I am having a
bowel movement, but it is pushing in, not out.

	"That's a good little girl, now I want you to push out on your asshole. 
Make it easy for my cock to get inside.  Yeah, that's good, can you feel your
asshole opening for me.  Again, push out with your asshole again."  I push
forward with my hips, my cock slowly pushing into your asshole, millimeter by
millimeter.  I rub my fingers around your asshole, feeling the skin stretching,
the dark brown color of your asshole now pink as it opens for my cock.  Your
asshole is now over one inch, forced in by the pressure of my cock.  "It's gonna
pop inside your sphincter in a minute, you can scream if you want.  Once I'm in,
then the ass fucking will begin.  Now, baby, push out on your asshole again,
like a good little girl, yes, it's stretching nicely now."

	"OHHH, God, it hurts," my asshole stinging as I feel the head of your
hot cock pushing relentlessly against it, slowly forcing it to open.  "No more,"
but I know that you will not stop until you cock is inside me.  Inside my
asshole.  That's not where it belongs.  But you continue to force me to take it,
making me push out, willing my asshole to open.

	"You like that, you like the slow painful opening of your asshole.  I
can see it spreading open.  Get ready, you cunt, I can't wait any longer."  I
lunge with my hips, shooting my cock hard against your asshole.  My cock bends,
your asshole too tight for it to enter.  I slap your asscheeks.  "Don't tighten
on me cunt, let me in.  Now push back or I will beat your ass."  I feel you
relax your cheeks and then I feel your asshole opening as you push out like you
are having a bowel movement.  "That's it baby, here it comes."  I lunge my hips
forward again, this time successful.  I feel your ass pucker spread open, the
head of my cock popping inside, your asshole stretched tightly around the crown
of my cock, feeling like a giant rubber band gripping it tightly.  I feel your
body shudder in pain, your scream making my cock harder.

	"Oh, no!  Stop!  Ppppllleeeassse, take it out, it hurts too much!  I
squirm around, my hips gyrating from side to side, but I feel you following my
movements, the head of your cock still trapped inside my asshole.  It feels like
you tore me open, the pain shooting up my spine.  My asshole spasms, pulsating
on your cock.  I can feel it trying to push it out.  I am unable to control it. 
It only wants the cock out.  "Don't move, please, it hurts!"   I don't move,
gripping the roots, my knuckles white.  As long as it doesn't move, it doesn't
hurt any more. 

	"That's what I like, a nice tight asshole gripping my cock.  But we have
to move on baby.  With you bent over like that, I can penetrate your asshole
real deep.  It's going to feel real good.  You're going to get all eight inches
of hard cock up your ass.  Now don't fight it, baby."

	I begin to push my cock into you.  An inch in, inch out, two inches in,
two inches out.  Each time more cock fed into your tight asshole.  I feel your
asshole resisting, trying to push my cock out.  I hear your cries of pain, my
cock getting harder with each scream of pain.  "You can take it baby, you're my
little asshole whore.  Now relax that asshole, it will hurt less."  I push in
again, my cock reaching new parts of your asshole, sliding along, pushing deeper
and deeper with every thrust.

	You pull me back onto your cock, I scream in pain as my asshole is
forced to open, it spreading so tightly around your cock.  I am finding it hard
to catch my breath, your cock is ripping me apart.  "Please, you're hurting me!"
I cry as you force your cock into my tight little hole.  You grab a handful of
my long dark hair, pulling back hard, my back arches, my ass turned up toward
you.  You watch your cock as the head disappears once again into my tiny pink
hole.  You push harder and deeper with every plea.  "Oh, please stop, you're
cock is too big!"

	I respond by slapping your ass and forcing another inch into you, saying
"oh yes, you feel so good, that's it, fight it baby, push that cock out of your
little asshole."  You push in again.  "Tell me how much it hurts baby."
	
	I push hard against the painful intrusion trying to expel it from my
bowels. To you it feels as though my asshole is milking your cock.  I buck my
hips, pulling away, but you have a firm grip on my hair, you yank hard, guiding
me back against your cock with every attempt to escape.  You slap my ass again,
my body jerks in response. I can feel your cock swell inside me, I gasp in pain
as you force your swollen cock deeper into my tiny asshole.  "Oh, no! Stop!
Pleeeease!"
	
	Ignoring my pleas, you bury your cock all the way into my little pink
hole.  You hold it there feeling me squirm, I'm panting, trying to catch my
breath, the pain is unbearable, and I scream in agony.  "Yea baby, that's it,
scream for me, tell me how much it hurts."  You pull your cock out of me only to
shove it back in again with such force that I almost pass out.   The pain rips
through me with each thrust.  "Do you like my big cock?  Does it feel good when
I shove it deep into your tight little ass?  Do you like the way I fuck you,
stretching your asshole so wide?  Do you like the way it fills your asshole?" 
You reach around and squeeze my clit, rolling it between your fingers as you
pump your cock in and out of my asshole.  "Tell me how much you like it! I know
you like my big cock in your asshole, I'm going to fuck you until you cum for me
just to prove you like it.  Come on baby, squeeze that cock, yea, that's it. 
Oh, you are a good little fuck aren't you? Oh, your ass is so tight!"
	
	You feel my asshole contract, I begin to relax, you know I'm starting to
enjoy the fucking you are giving me.  You squeeze my clit tightly between your
fingers, pulling it back toward you, I feel the orgasm rising from deep within
me.  I start to move with you, fucking back as you fuck my asshole.  You release
my clit, denying my orgasm, grabbing my ass cheek, you spread them wide, you
watch as my tiny hole opens to takes your big cock with each thrust.  "Now tell
me, how much you like it!"
	
	Each part of your demand driven home with a deep hard thrust.  "I like
it, yes, I like it!"  I cry, as you fuck me.  Not satisfied with my response you
pull your cock out of my asshole.  You shove both of your thumbs into my hole,
pulling my asshole wide open. I scream again. "Now, tell me how much you like
it," you say as you ram your cock back into me, not bothering to remove your
thumbs.  "Tell me you want me to fuck you in the ass!  Beg me to fuck your
asshole!"

	I groan as your cock fills my ass again and the pain rips through me
once more. I don't think I can take much more.  "Oh, it hurts!"  But I know
better than to disobey you so I beg "Please fuck my asshole, please, yes, fuck
me! I love the way your big cock feels in my ass, please fuck me, fuck me hard.
Oh, it hurts so bad, fuck my asshole, yes, oh, please, fuuuuuuck me!" I scream
in pain.

	You watch your cock as it slides in and out of my tight hole between
your thumbs.  Listening to me beg you to fuck me along with the addition of your
thumbs squeezing your cock so tightly in and out of my tiny little hole brings
you to orgasm.  You pull your cock out of my ass seconds before you cum.  My
hole stays open long enough for you to squirt your cum inside my open hole.  You
fill my ass with your cum before you shove your cock back up my asshole again. 
This time, you fuck me slowly, long slow strokes penetrating deep into my
bowels. You listen as I continue to beg for your cock without being told.
	
	"Please fuck my asshole, yes, I need your big cock in my ass, oh, yes
fuck my asshole, please make me cum."  I pant breathlessly, wanting to cum,
knowing you can make me cum.
	
	Pushing me off the stump and onto the ground, you roll me over onto my
back, you lift my legs up and spread them apart.  You guide your cock back into
my asshole, you feel me twitch a little getting used to the fullness again. 
Reaching down you spread my pussy lips apart, finding my clit you rub it with
your palm.  "Hold still baby, yea, that's a good girl, spread them wide open for
me."
	
	I hold my legs apart for you, you shove two fingers into my wet pussy.
Your cock slides in and out of my asshole while you fuck my pussy with your
fingers.  "Oh, you're pussy is so tight and wet.  Do you like the way it feels
when I fuck your pussy and your ass at the same time?  Are you going to cum for
me?"

	I accidentally moved my leg and you quickly remove your fingers from my
pussy, spread my lips apart and slap my pussy with your other hand.  "I told you
to hold still!"  I jump in response to the new pain.  You slap my pussy again. 
"Are you going to hold still like a good girl or am I going to have to spank you
to make you behave?"
	
	I freeze up, not wanting another slap, wanting to cum.  "I'll be good,
please, make me cum," I beg, my legs spread wide, your cock slipped tightly up
my asshole, my pussy lips spread by your fingers.
	
	"You've got to learn to obey, you little cunt."  I push up harder with
my cock, driving it deeper into your asshole, feeling your asshole spasm on my
cock as my cock cramps you.  You grab my hips and make them circle around my
cock, your asshole squishing from the cum dripping out as my cock moves around
inside you.  "Tighten your asshole, yes, that's a good girl.  You like my cock
up your asshole, you like my big cock plunging up your asshole?  I already came
once, I can fuck you all night.  Tell me to spank your pussy?  Tell me to beat
your clit?
	
	I felt my body being pushed up by your cock, your fingers spreading my
pussy lips open.  I want your fingers on my clit again.  I want to cum.  I want
to cum so bad.  My ass arches up, your cock following me relentlessly, driving
your cock inside me.  My stomach cramps, your cock stretching me open wider then
anyone should ever be stretched.  "AGGH, that hurts," but I grab your cock with
my asshole, the pain rushing back in, shooting up to my brain.  "Spank my pussy,
beat my clit, please, just make me cum, fuck my asshole, please make me cum!"
	
	I smile down on your spread body, arched up high, your pussy spread open
before me, your asshole gripping my cock so hard that it feels like you are
squeezing the blood out of it.  My fingers spread your pussy lips apart, your
pink pussy open before me.  I see the look in your eyes as my palm comes
crashing down on your pussy, the sound of my palm slapping wetly against your
pussy.  Your body jerks away, driving my cock deeper into your asshole.  I hear
you scream in pain.  I push up on my hips, my cock forcing you back up into
position, your pussy spread open again.  "You want more, baby, you like it
rough, you like when daddy fucks you hard and beats you?"
	
	My whole mound hurts, the sharp stinging from the slap of your palm on
my pussy knocking the air out of my lungs.  "Oh, god, no, that hurts, so much." 
Your cock pushed me back up, my pussy lips spread by your fingers again.  You
want me to beg, beg you to spank my pussy.  I knew if you continued I would cum
from the spanking, especially if you hit my clit.  "Hit me again, I love it when
spank my pussy.  Hit my clit, please.  Make me cum."  I braced for the pain,
tightening up, squeezing your cock in my asshole as a consequence of the
actions.
	
	My hand slashed back down again, this time hitting on your clit.  Your
scream pierced the quietness of the woods, my cock braced for it, pushing up on
my hips at the same time my hand moved down.  Your body was trapped between the
two, unable to escape the terrible pain.  Your swollen clit received the brunt
of my palm.  I could feel your pussy juice spraying over me, your pussy
literally dripping wet in anticipation.  I grabbed your clit with my fingers,
snapping my fingernail on the hard, erect nub sticking out.  You screamed again,
your hips trying to move to escape the sharp pain.  "Hold still, my little
whore, you like it, here it comes again."  My fingernail snapped again, watching
your clit turn dark red, swollen and tender.
	
	My body was wracked with pain as you continually slapped my pussy, my
clit and then snapped my hard clit with your fingers.  "Please, it hurts so bad,
please fuck me and make me cum."
	
	I shoved three fingers into your cunt, spreading it open as they sank
deep inside you.  My other fingers grabbed your clit, twisting and pulling on
it.  I could feel my cock in your asshole, separated by a thin membrane of skin. 
"Cum for daddy, show me what a whore you are.  Cum for me now," my fingers
twisting and turning inside your pussy, my nails rubbing harshly against your
hot interior.  My cock began to pull out and push back in, your sphincter had
given up, my cock sliding easily along your anal tract, fucking you hard.
	
	I could feel every bump and ridge on your cock as it fucked in and out
of my asshole, my asshole gripped tightly around it, trying to suck the cum from
your balls again.  Your fingers hurt inside my pussy, scraping the walls, my
clit feeling like you are trying to tear it from my body.  But through all of
the pain, I also felt the pleasure.  I could feel my orgasm coming back.  "I'm
going to cum, you're going to make me cum," I scream, my hips fucking up and
down, not caring about the pain, hoping only for the pleasure.  I tighten down
on your fingers and cock, gripping it the orgasm sweeping over my body as you
masturbate my hard clit.
	
	"Yes, I'm going to make you cum a lot this weekend.  And Roxanne and
Bill are going to make you cum.  You're going to be our little whore for the
weekend and Sunday night you can go home to your dull life and dream about the
time you were fucked for the weekend.  Now fuck back and cum on my cock,"
driving my cock so far inside your asshole that I thought it would come out your
mouth.  I feel you shoot on my fingers, soaking them with your pussy juice.  I
stick four fingers in your cunt, sliding easily along your cum soaked pussy. 
"Yes, little girl, cum all over me, show me what a slut you are."  My cock
begins to shoot a load of cum, this time deep inside you, bathing your hot
asshole.  I feel your pussy cumming again, my fingers now dripping wet, the
sound of your wet pussy noisily gripping my fingers as they finger fuck you. 
Another load of cum up your asshole.  "Here's a nice cum enema for you, baby. 
Take it all.  There is so much more"
	
	I pulled you from the stump, watching as you slowly walked back to the
cabin.  "What's the matter, your asshole sore?  Roxanne and Bill are waiting for
you.  They want a piece of you.  You ever had girl sex before, cunt?"  Michael
laughed as they entered the cabin.
	
	Danielle only saw the large bed in the room, a naked Roxanne and Bill
besides it.  Bill beckoned her over to the bed.  "Come here cunt," stroking his
cock.  It was a big as Michael's.  "How was her asshole, Michael?
	
	"Great fuck, nice and tight.  She screams real good but you can make her
cum.  But make sure you make the bitch beg for it."  Michael laughed as Bill
pushed her down on the bed.
	
	"That's it baby, stretch out on the bed.  Yeah, spread them legs real
wide, let me see that nice little pussy," his fingers already stroking her
pussy, still wet.
	
	Danielle felt her body being spread open, fingers already entering her
pussy, first one, then two and finally three, all sliding effortlessly along her
wet pussy. 
	
	"Do you want me to fuck you, Danielle?  Do you want my big cock inside
that little pussy?  Beg me, Danielle, beg me to fuck you?  Bill rubbed his cock
up and down her pussy slit, watching her body arch up, attempting to push it
inside her pussy.
	
	"Please, please fuck me, I need your big cock," her back arching up,
feeling Bill pull her legs back up against her large breasts, her groin now open
and exposed to him.
	
	"Don't worry, honey, Bill will fuck you, but you got to do your job. 
You going to be a good girl and take care of little old me?"  Roxanne moved her
naked body over onto Danielle, her legs on each side of her head, her pussy only
inches from her mouth.  She reached back and grabbed Danielle's legs, pulling
them back more, opening up her pussy to Bill's large cock.
	
	Danielle only had a second before she felt Roxanne's pussy pushed into
her face.  Her scream was muffled in her wet pussy as Bill thrust his cock into
her open and defenseless pussy in one earth shattering lunge, forcing all eight
inches of hard cock into her young pussy.  She felt Roxanne move her pussy over
her face, felt the wetness on her lips, the taste of another women's pussy juice
sticking to her lips.
	
	"Stick that tongue up my pussy and eat me out, bitch.  You better make
me cum or you'll be sorry.  Now start licking."
	
	Danielle started licking her cunt, her tongue running up and down her
slit, finding her clit and running her tongue over it.  Bill was fucking her
with hard, deep strokes that was knocking the air out of her lungs, her pussy
being battered by his hard cock.  But through all of it, she could feel another
orgasm coming upon her body.  "Make me cum, please make me cum."
	
	"Don't worry, cunt, you will be cumming all night.  Before we return you
home we are going to fuck you every way you can be fucked.  You'll take cock in
every one of your holes and you will lick more pussy juice out of Roxanne's cunt
then you thought was possible.  Now start fucking back, you got a lot of work to
do, cunt."
	
	Michael, Bill and Roxanne fucked poor Danielle all night.  She took cock
in her ass, her pussy and then was made to clean them off with her mouth.  Then
they started all over again, sometimes only one at a time, sometime both of
them.  And Roxanne had Danielle eating her pussy and asshole out, even after
Bill or Michael dumped a load of cum in her.  And don't forget poor little
Danielle.  She came and she came
	
The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





