BDSM Library - Whos Mommy's Little Bitch




Whos Mommy's Little Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I was surfing the web when I found the perfect little online slave who soon became my little bitch in real life.
"Whos Mommy's Little Bitch"
By Angela Johanson 
http://angela.anti-iowa.com

I recently posted on some yahoo clubs that I frequent that I was looking for an
online submissive male to be my slave on camera. I received many responses but
after meeting a few online I was rather frustrated as it seemed all they wanted
to do was see me get naked. In their emails they described how they would do my
every wish on camera but in reality, out of the 8 I met online for a "session",
only 2 actually showed them on cam.

This is the part of finding a partner on the internet I hate. It seems as if so
many people are either not as they say or they live on the other side of the
world with no hope of ever meeting. Yes I do travel extensively for my job and
do hope to meet partners after developing somewhat of a trust with them. Its all
the weeding and sorting out that really leaves me feeling unsatisfied. Many
people think they get flooded with messages online. After posting my yahoo
profile last august I accidently left my computer logged on while I was at work.
Here is what my screen looked like when I got home
http://angela.anti-iowa.com/images/crazy.jpg (its a big screen shot give it a
min to load)

Just like in many times past, when I feel there is no hope for meeting a new
slave, one just pops out of the blue. In this case it was on my instant
messenger. I was about to goto sleep when I got a message from a guy with the
city I live in in his name. He said he would do whatever I wanted on cam and to
please give him a chance.  I  messaged him back that I would give him a chance
but he had to agree to my rules.

1)	He must have toys present. Specifically a dildo, clothes pins or clamps
and rubber bands (hey it was spur of the moment)
2)	He must not ask me at any time to enable my voice or show myself on
camera.  I would do that when I thought he was worthy.
3)	He must do as he is told

He agreed and about 20 minutes later he messaged me and said he was ready. I
accepted his invitation to view his web cam. At first all I saw was a blured
image then it came clear and I was very surprised at his appearance. He looked
to be in his mid 20's normal build (not fat, not skinny), decent looking. He had
only a pair of boxer shorts on and I could see a small table to his side with
various items on it. I instructed him to show me his toys and he complied. He
did so it looked like he had everything I told him to have with some additions.

I told him to take off his boxers immediately and show me up close his "goods".
To my delight he was completely shaven, had a nice average size circumcised
penis, and a very nice looking ass. I next told him to put on the nipple clamps.
At this point I was tiered of typing and enabled my voice over yahoo instant
messenger to further direct him. Once he had the nipple clamps in place I told
him to grab the sagging chain between his nipples and extend it outward with one
had while he sucked on his dildo with the other. He complied very well and
moaned some as he was pulling on his nipples. I then told him to lay back  and
take the hand that was being used on the nipple clamps and put some lube on his
fingers then proceed to finger his anus. He continues to comply like the little
slave he is and gradually massaged then entered a finger in his anus. His cock
was fully erect and I was getting pretty excited myself and decided to be a
little bit bolder and turn on my web cam. I had the web cam only pointed at my
face as all I had on was a bra and panties. He commented on how pretty I was etc
etc (the standard online compliments). I told him "SILENCE" in a very firm tone.
I told him for talking out of turn he needed to grab his clothes pins and attach
them to his ballsack. He jumped to attention like a scared little slave and
quickly put the clothes pins in place. With each one he let out a little
whimper. I instructed him further to take his dildo and work it in and out of
his ass with one hand while pulling on the clothes pins with the other. He
looked a bit confused but went along with it. I could tell he was getting very
comfortable but I on the other hand was getting really excited. This guy looked
like the perfect slave.

I told him to stop and talk to me for a second. I asked him if he had the city
in his name because he lived there and he said he did. I then asked him if he
lived alone and he said yes that he was in his dorm room and lived alone. I told
him to give me his address and directions and he did. He gave me directions to
his complex on campus and said he would meet me outside to let me in.

I quickly got dressed, grabbed my bag of "goodies" and headed to his place. I
parked and saw him outside. As I walked up to greet him I could tell he was
extremely shy. He never looked me directly in the eye until I was right next to
him. I said, "Is this my little slave for the night?". He looked up and said,
"Yes mistress". I told him good boy and we proceeded to go into his room. He had
a pretty small room. It has been a while since I have been in college and forgot
how small the dorm rooms are. Once in his room I told him to remove all
clothing, put on a blindfold, and wait for me while I freshened up in the
bathroom. Inside the bathroom I put on some sexy lingerie I had packed, grabed
some toys from my bag, and headed out to see my slave.

"Well well what do we have here" I said in a dominant tone. He started to speak
and I grabbed and pinched his nipple then whispered in his ear, "look slave, we
are doing this my way. You are mommy's little bitch now and will remain silent
unless spoken to, got it?" He nodded acknowledging that he understood.

Now that we had our understanding I told him to stand straight and spread his
legs as wide as he could while standing. I first attached his hands to a pair of
cuffs behind his back and then grabbed his nipple clamps and attached one to
each nipple. He whimpered slightly but kept standing straight. I proceeded down
his body until reaching his genitals. He had the cutest shaved ballsack I have
ever seen and I massaged it with my hand. As I fondled his sack his penis grew
to a full erection. At which time I took the liberty of attaching 3 clothespins
to the shaft of his penis, slowly putting each one on working my way from the
base of his shaft to just below the tip. Then I moved around to his back and
inserted a butt plug into his anus. Now back to the front. He had a very nice
cock head and I had to indulge myself with a little taste. I pulled down on the
clothes pin closest to his cock head and brought it to my awaiting tongue. I
flicked my tongue thoroughly over his piss slit then teasingly licked around the
head of his cock. I was getting really hot now and wrapped a hand around his
ball sack firmly and the other hand pulling on his nipple clamps as I tickled
his cockhead with my tongue. I nibbled gently on it which made him jump each
time. With every jump I pulled down on his ball sack keeping him in control.
After a few minutes of this I took my handoff of his balls and proceeded to
remove the clips on his cock shaft. He moaned as each one came off. I stopped
teasing his cock, removed his nipple clamps and told him to lie on his back on
the bed with his legs spread as wide as possible. It was somewhat humorous to
see him get onto the bed in his blindfolded/cuffed position.

Once he was in position I made some adjustments myself and attached my 7"
strapon dildo harness. I then told him to raise his ass and put 2 pillows under
his lower back so his anus was fully accessible to be. His cock was still very
erect and sticking up like a flag pole on a mountain. I took a parachute harness
and attached it firmly around his balls which had a chain leading to my hand.
After that I removed his butt plug and replaced it with a "special"
ejaculating/vibrating plug of own.. I told him to stick out his tongue as far as
he could extend it. I then his lowered myself onto his awaiting tongue and until
It was as deep as it could go into my vagina. I told him he better start licking
for all he was worth and gave a tug on the chain attached to his balls. He did a
fantastic job and soon I was very and repositioned so his tongue was right on my
clit. I gave him more orders, "harder, focus on my clit" and with each order I
kept a firm grasp on the reign to his balls. After several minutes of this I
really wanted to cum. I dismounted his pussy soaked face, put a condom on his
raging hard-on and proceeded to ride him as I fingered my clit. Slowly gripping
his shaft up and down with my vagina I worked my clit until I exploded in
orgasm. As my pussy contracted on his cock I moved my hands to his nipples and
grabbed hard as I savored the feeling of my spasming pussy on his cock. Once my
orgasm was finished I was a little short winded and laid down for a second next
to him. He let out a small "that felt great" and I quickly resumed control and
pulled hard on his balls which made him yell out a little.

I had him roll over and undid his cuffs then I took off his condom.  I then told
him to masturbate for me.  As he started I grabbed the control to his butt plug
and started it vibrating. He was startled at first then started moaning. I told
him to tell me when he was starting to climb towards a climax. He did so and I
hit the eject button which shot a load of liquid ky into his ass. I then told
him to stop, pulled out his butt plug then aligned my strapon with his awaiting
ass. I probed the head of my strapon into his anus and asked him who was mommy's
little bitch. He replied in a whisper "I am your bitch Angela" I told him to say
it louder and he murmured that he did not want his neighbors (dorm mates) to
hear. With that I thrusted into his ass and pulled firmly on the chain to his
nipples and told him in a very controlling and loud voice "YOU ARE MOMMYS LITTLE
BITCH NOW SAY IT" He understood I meant business and started spouting out "I am
mommy's little bitch" as I entered and exited his cock. I told him to say it
louder and I will allow him to cum. He started yelling it out "I AM YOUR LITTLE
BITCH SLAVE!!" I was now pounding his ass with his legs on my shoulders driving
in deep along his prostate and I told him he has 30 seconds to cum. He quickly
started going at his cock and I shifted my strapon to massage his prostate to
aid him. Thoroughly massaging his prostate with my strapon I could tell he was
getting ready to cum. This kid was blindfolded with his ass up on 2 pillows and
his cock was about 2 feet above his face with the way I had his legs on my
shoulders penetrating his ass. He said I am going to cum Mistress and with that
I slaped his hand away and took control of his cock and told him to open his
mouth. After a few more strokes and I could feel his cock start to ejaculate and
pointed it directly at his open mouth. He shot wads and wads and while I painted
his face pretty well I was unable to get a solid shot in his mouth =(. No matter
though I told him to clean himself up and lick every drop. I removed his nipple
clamps and then his blindfold as he cleaned up. He thanked me for a wonderful
night and I packed up, dressed and departed.

I made it back to my house about 3am and had to work in 4 hours. Needless to say
I developed a *cough* cold and stayed home sick the next day. I slept in and
when I got up I checked my email and he had sent me a email saying that people
had been asking him how mommy's little bitch is. I had a good chuckle at that. 
I will for sure be seeing this slave again.

Thanks for reading, as always this and my other stories can be found at my
website below.

-Angela

http://angela.anti-iowa.com
Amature Strapon Fetish Website




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angela Johanson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





