BDSM Library - A Different Kind Of Job




A Different Kind Of Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A little girl is looking for a job during her holidays. However, it turns out to be a different kind of job...
A DIFFERENT KIND OF JOB

CAPTURE

With her heart beating like hell, Sheila nervously walked up and down the
crowded arrival hall of the airport. Sheila was a 17 years old girl, looking
even younger with her long brown hair, tiny body and relatively small tits (B
cup). She was wearing a tight jeans, that clearly emphasized her petite
young-girl's assets, and a fashionable shirt that was just short enough to
reveal her belly button. Sheila was here for a job during her school holidays.


Her flight from Miami international has landed half an hour ahead of schedule,
so she expected some waiting time before Frank (or Mister Vanderkam, like he
used to introduce himself) shows up. She has never seen the man in person, but
she has met him through the internet, looking for a job during her holidays. She
was clearly fed up with her parents down in Florida, so the further away the
better. And so she ended here in the West. Frank runs his own consultancy
agency, and he offered her a temporary job as his personal assistant. That was
more than she was looking for! Experience was not a prerequisite, a
representative look was. She made some nice pictures of herself to convince Mr.
Vanderkam of her capabilities, and the same day he called her to confirm her
appointment. The condition was that she had to live in his house for the working
period, as working hours were not strictly defined. Sheila did not mind, in
fact: it would even save her money for an apartment. Furthermore, he warned her
for his dominance, but again Sheila did not mind. After all, she did not have
any experiences, so she needs to be properly instructed.

"Sheila?", a dark voice sounded behind her. "Mr Vanderkam?", she responded
instinctively. The man laughed. He was at least 2 m tall, weighing at least 200
pounds, and dark. "No, my name is Geoff. I work for Mister Vanderkam. He send me
to pick you up. Is that all your luggage?" "Y-yes", Sheila stuttered. The man
was impressive, yet friendly. "OK. Let's go."

It was a pleasant ride. The sun was going down, and although the heat outside
must have been unbearable, the air-conditioning was good. Geoff did not say
much, but Sheila did not mind. She enjoyed the views.


The house was nicely situated on the southern side of a hill, and as far as
Sheila can see there was no other house around. The house was nicely painted,
and it really looked like an ancient farmhouse, just like Frank told her.
"Nice", Sheila said, when Geoff rang the doorbell. Geoff nodded silently. The
door opened and a middle-aged, grey haired man opened the door. Despite of his
age he looked physically remarkably fit. He examined the girl with an intense
look for a short while, which made Sheila feel a little uncomfortable. "You must
be Sheila." "Yes. And you must be Frank?" "Yes, but I'd rather would like you to
call me Master Vanderkam, or Sir. After all, I will be your boss for the next
few months." Sheila nodded. "Please continue to the living room, darling. You
would like something to drink, wouldn't you?" "Oh yes. I am very thirsty",
Sheila agreed. "Yes what?" Suddenly, Master Vanderkam sounded a bit harsh "Ehh,
yes Sir, I meant." Sheila corrected herself.


She sat down on a large couch, while Frank opened a large bottle and filled the
glasses. "Champaign! To our new girl!" Frank cheered. Together they drank almost
2 bottles of Champaign, and Sheila started to feel a little tipsy. After all,
she has been on the road now for quite a while.

When the last glasses were emptied, Geoff stood up. "I guess I must be going
now", he declared, while walking to the door. "Sheila!" Frank said with a loud
voice, "Did Geoff did anything to you? Was he rude? Did he touch you? Or made
you feel uncomfortable?" "N-no, Master. He treated me very well." "So why don't
you thank him then? Please don't treat my clients this way or they will
immediately run away. Understand?" "Yyes, Sir. Geoff, thank you very much for
picking me up. You're a good man." "No girl, that is not the way we do business
here. Geoff, what would you like?" Geoff looked at the girl, and his eyes went
down her thighs. "I would love to see her pussy, Sir." Sheila looked in
disbelief. Her eyes grew big; she was stunned. "Wh-what???" "You heard Geoff.
Take of your pants and show us your cunt." "No way! This was not the deal!"
Sheila shouted. "It now is, fucking slut. Come on Geoff, we have to teach the
little whore a lesson." Without further encouraging, Geoff grabbed the girl and
dragged her to the table. Although Sheila tried to resist, she was no
counterpart for the big man. He bends her violently over the table, on the other
side of the table. Meanwhile, Frank posted himself on the other side of the
table and grabbed the wrists of the shouting girl. The force of the two men was
much more than Sheila could oppose to. She realised herself that she has never
been more afraid.


With a loud voice Frank spoke: "Let's make one thing clear here, worthless slave
cunt. As long as you are here, you will follow my rules. If I order you to show
your cunt, you will do so immediately. If not, you're in deep trouble, such as
you are now. You know what they say about black men, don't you?" Sheila started
crying. "DON'T YOU!!" frank shouted. "Yyyes Master", Sheila cried. "What do they
say?" "That they have very big dicks, Master."  "Well, that you are going to
experience soon enough, my little whore. But they also have big knifes, that can
cut your throat with a single stroke. And no one will doubt our statement to the
police that you've never showed up." Geoff flashed a big knife before the eyes
of the horrified girl. He pushed the point of the blade on her right cheek, it
easily found its way into the soft flesh. Sheila held her breath, scared to
death. "Rule 1. No shouting or crying. You only speak on my specific orders.
Understand?" "Y-yes, Sir", Sheila sobbed. "Now Geoff is going to pull down your
jeans, and you are co-operating. Just like a young slut should."  Sheila
shuddered as the hungry hands of Geoff reached her intimates, and started to
unbutton her jeans. The fear of the knife refrained her from struggling, as
Geoff pulled down her pants. With a single stroke of the knife the two legs of
her jeans were separated. "A nice piece of ass you got here, Sir!", Geoff said
with admiration. With his bare hands he ripped her underpants apart, exposing
her young girls intimates to Geoff, who was clearly excited: "Spread your legs,
baby". Sheila obeyed. Geoff looked with approval to her nicely trimmed teenager
pussy. "Please Geoff, do not rape me. I'll let you look if you want but please
do not rape me..."  FLASH!! With a flat hand Frank slapped the young girls face.
"I did not think I gave you permission to speak, young lady. But for your
information, you are not going to get raped. You are going to beg Geoff very
humbly to enter your wet slave cunt. If not, you just took your last breath."
Tears welled in Sheila's eyes, when she said: "Please fuck my wet slave cunt,
Geoff." Again, Geoff did not need any further encouragement. He zipped his pants
down, and a huge swollen black cock came out. With his both hands he grabbed
both ass cheeks and pulled them away, to expose her juicy cunt. With no warning
he pushed his cock into her vagina, and started pumping. Sheila thought she was
going to be torn apart, but she was to scared to scream. It seemed like an hour
until Geoff finally came with a big groan. "This cunt is fucking good, Sir."
Geoff pulled out his cock. "Well, Sheila, I think you have thanked Geoff
properly now. Well done. But I don't think we can let Geoff leave without
cleaning his dick, can we?" "N-nno, Sir." "Geoff, cuff the little whore." Geoff
took over the girl's wrists from Frank, and pulled them violently on her back.
Sheila shouted. A metal cuff was placed around her wrists and locked. Meanwhile,
Frank has picked up a dark piece of textile, and blindfolded the poor girl. "OK.
Now don't do anything stupid or you will be killed. All the doors are barred,
and there is not a single house in the surrounding 10 miles. We'll put you on
your knees, slut, and you will use your mouth to clean Geoff's dick." Sheila was
dragged from the table to the floor, and put on her knees in a sitting position,
with her hands cuffed on her back and blindfolded. She still wore her shirt.
"Clean him, filthy whore" Sheila opened her mouth and Geoff's large piece of
meat was put in her mouth. Geoff's dick tasted like a strange mixture of urine,
cum and her own cunt juices. She licked fanatical, afraid to get punished. After
a while, Frank said: "Enough". Immediately, Geoff pulled out his cock and put it
back into his pants. "Now thank Geoff for fucking your wet slave cunt.", Frank
spoke. Sheila has never felt more humiliated in her whole life.


Sheila heard Geoff walk out of the door. Somehow she hoped that now Frank became
more reasonable, and that this nightmare would come to an end. But all hope
disappeared when Frank pulled her long brown hair and dragged her from the
living room into an adjacent room. She was still blindfolded and cuffed, so
there was no possible way of escaping. Thrown on a concrete floor, she felt how
2 leather cuffs were placed around her ankles. The cuffs were attached to 2
metal chains, which were connected to 2 pins placed in the concrete floor, about
2,5 meter from each other. In this way she was sitting on the floor, with her
legs torn apart. The cuffs around her wrists were replaced for 2 leather ones,
which were connected to a chain hanging from the ceiling. It happened so quickly
that Sheila did not get a chance to defend herself. Sheila was placed in a
standing position, her arms above her head with her legs apart. Her blindfold
was removed and she stared with disbelief in the macabre room. It was a blinded
room, with a concrete floor (as she already suspected), and ceramic on the
walls. There was a big chair right in front of her, and on the right was a small
cupboard. Behind her was a large wooden table, but what frightened her most were
the large assortment of whips, cuffs and clamps hanging on the wall. Frank stood
in front of the terrified girl with the big knife in his hands. "I don't think
you will need your shirt today", he said while cutting her shirt into pieces.
She was completely naked now. "I do not like your tits, whore. They are too
small. But your cunt and ass are OK, and I damn hope you're a good cocksucker."
He placed a big mirror in front of Sheila, so she was forced to witness her own
hopeless situation. "Tell me what you see, slut." Sheila stuttered: "I... I can
see myself, Sir." "Well, I see something else. I see a worthless slut, a dirty
whore, a wet cunt, a slave. The lowest form of life on this planet designed to
serve men with their body. Your mouth, cunt and ass are designed to receive
cock. The biggest mistake in human history is that they started to regard men
and women as equals. They simply are not. I will educate you and raise you as it
is meant to be, and you will thank me for that. I will be your Daddy for the
future. Now what do you see?" "I see a slut, Sir, a cunt and a whore.", Sheila
said with a low voice. Frank was slowly walking around her, inspecting her naked
body. "There is a slight change of the rules. But before I teach you, you will
experience what will happen if you are unfaithful or lack the necessary respect
for your Master. It will help you to remember the rules." Frank grabbed a couple
of clamps from the small cupboard and appeared in front of Sheila. Sheila
couldn't keep it anymore: "Why are you doing this to me? Please let me go!", she
cried. Frank sounded remarkably quite, even a bit friendly. He was in control
and enjoyed it. "I will forgive you for speaking with permission. The only
reason for you to be here is that I love young pussies. For your information, I
am not letting you go. For the following years, I am gonna fuck your ass until
you only shit my cum. You are going to suck my dick until my balls are empty. I
am going to lend you to my friends until they are completely satisfied, I am
going to prostitute you until the whole world has emptied their loads into your
pretty cunt. Understand, daughter?" Sheila started crying. At the same time
Frank placed tight clamps on the nipples of Sheila, who shouted in pain. Two
more clamps were place on her outer pussy lips, and the last one was put on her
clitoris. That one hurt the most. Frank grabbed a leather whip from the wall.
"15 whips on your ass and another 10 on your pussy. A good recipe for some
discipline..." FLASH! The first one hitted hard on Sheila's bare bottom. "Well,
as you did not count this one, or even thanked me for that, I will not count it
too..." FLASH! "Aiii! One... thank you Daddy.", Sheila stuttered. The 15 whips
on her bottom left a red mark. The ten strokes between her legs were almost
unbearable. It took too much strength of the little girl. She quit her
struggling, and let it all happen. In fact, she already agreed to become a
slave.


Frank 's face was all sweated after he flogged the little girl into submission.
He knew she was ready to give up, and soon become his personal sex slut, just
like his other girl, marian. He knew he must be careful for the next few weeks,
and not give her too much freedom. Anyway, he felt he needed a good fuck. "Have
you ever been fucked in your ass, honey?" "N-nno Daddy, I have not." Sheila was
terrified. "OK slut. The door of this room is locked. There is no other way out.
So it is your choice: do I need the knife or more cunt flogging to get what I
want, or do you offer it yourself?" "Nno Daddy, please no more flogging. I will
do whatever you say." Frank took away the clamps on her tits and pussy and
removed the cuffs. He watched the girl carefully for unexpected movements; but
the fear has paralysed the little teen girl. "Walk to the table, slowly, and
bend over it." No discussion. "Now spread your little ass cheeks."  Frank put a
large amount of Vaseline on the tight hole. He cuffed her ankles to the legs of
the table, so that her legs were spread. "Arms over your head." He tied her arms
to the other end of the table. Frank switched on a television on the opposite
wall, and picked up a small videocamera next to the TV. He walked behind Sheila
and filmed the poor girl exposed on the large wooden table. He zoomed in on her
ass: "Men like to fuck tight little girl's ass. As I will train you to pleasure
men, you'd better say goodbye to this virgin asshole, baby. Now beg, whore.
Degrade yourself." Sheila could see her own ass and cunt, shamelessly exposed.
"Please fuck my dirty asshole, Daddy. I am nothing but a fuck-slut. My asshole
belongs to you. You can do with me as you wish." With disgust Sheila watched how
Frank ripped her cheeks apart and pushed his hard cock firmly into her tight
hole. She felt how his big dick torn her tight asshole, she started to bite on
her tongue to prevent crying. She felt humiliated. "Remember this morning, when
you arrived at the airport. You felt untouchable, didn't you? You never thought
that anyone could fuck you in the ass like some worthless trash. And now, we can
go back to the airport, and I can pick any men to fuck you in your ass. You are
a whore." It took not more than 5 minutes until Frank came, but for Sheila it
looked like an hour. Frank pulled out, pulled up his pants and walked out of the
door, leaving Sheila bend over the table. "Don't walk away, cunt.", he laughed
sarcastically. Sheila could see the cum slowly dripping of her sore ass.

An hour later, Frank returned. He zipped his pants open, took out his swollen
dick and pushed it back into Sheila's ass. "Dirty slut!", he groaned while
invading her teenage ass. This time, it took a little more to cum, so Frank was
fucking her ass madly. Sheila thought her ass would be bleeding by now. But
before Frank blew his second load in her helpless ass, he pulled out and untied
the girl. In his right hand he held a gun, and pointed it to Sheila: "On your
knees, filthy whore." Sheila did, and saw how Frank took up the video camera.
"Now declare that you are a slut, and will serve me in every need out of free
will. Better make it sound good or you'll be damn sorry, cunt." Frank pulled of
the safety pall, and a frightening click sounded. Aroused by fear, Sheila heard
herself say: "My name is Sheila Marindo. I am born on the 20th of May, 1985 in
Miami, Florida. I realized myself that I am a worthless slut, a whore, and my
only goal is to serve men in every need. I have found my Daddy in Master
Vanderkam, He will train this worthless cunt into a sex slave. I will do
anything He says without hesitation." Sheila saw how Frank waved his gun towards
her thighs. "I am going to spread my legs for Him, to show Him His rightful
property." Frank zoomed in on her young, trimmed pussy. He showed his middle
finger. "On His allowance, I will masturbate in front of Him or others to prove
that I am the slut I say I am", she continued, while putting her middle finger
deep inside her teenage love hole. "I will fuck and suck anyone appointed by my
Daddy, as a cheap whore." Sheila felt how her orgasm was approaching, and she
let herself go. "I am a slut, a whore, a cunt!", she shouted when she reached
her climax. Frank looked satisfied. "Your mom will like it. I bet your Dad will
jack himself off when he sees your tight little box spread wide." Sheila's eyes
grew big. For a moment she forgot about her parents, but now she realized that
this was no game. "N-nno, please don't do that! Please!" But Frank just pointed
the gun towards Sheila: "Crawl to me as a dog, slut, and suck my dick." Sheila
did as she was told, after all, what options did she have? Frank grabbed her
head and pushed his cock deep in her throat. Sheila thought of throwing up, but
she managed to keep it in. Frank groaned as he shoot his cum into her throat:
"Swallow it, cunt!"


DESCEND INTO SLAVERY


Sheila woke up from the feeling of water on her face. She opened her eyes and
saw how Frank was standing on the other site of the gate and pissed on her.
"Open your fucking mouth, whore. Drink it." Sheila almost got used to it. For
the past 2 days she has been kept in a small cage. A dry piece of bread was all
she got to eat, warm yellow piss was all she got to drink. The only time she has
been out of the cage was when she was tied up, spread eagle, and her pussy was
shaven.

A piece of soap was thrown into the cage, and a massive load of cold water was
thrown over the naked girl. This was the first time she was able to wash. "Clean
yourself, slut. In particular your cunt and ass." Sheila used the soap to clean
her body thoroughly. Another water load removed the soap, and a towel was thrown
inside the cage, as well as some dry clothes. "Put these on, cunt. We'll get
visitors. The chief police officer is coming, and I want us to look like a happy
family." Sheila's heart was beating fast. A police officer. Maybe I get the
chance to speak to him! Sheila put on the small underpants, a skirt and a shirt.
There was no bra, but at least some underpants. "You know how to behave, isn't
it, slut?", Frank said with a threatening voice. "Y-yess, Daddy. I won't
disappoint you."

The living room looked as last time, with its big couch and table. "You can sit
on the floor, cunt." Sheila watched how Frank started to read the newspaper,
until the bell sounded. Frank opened the door, and a man came in. He was
middle-aged, had a friendly look with brown hair. He wore a moustache. "Well, so
that's your new girl!", he cheered. He shook her hand. "Like it here?", he
asked. Sheila realized that this was her moment: "N-nno Sir! I am captured here.
I am raped and tortured. I want to go home." She feld relieved. This man was
going to help her. "I am sorry to hear that. But you must know, Master Vanderkam
is a well-respected citizen in this town, his contribution to this town is well
recognized. If some young sluttish tramp with a skirt just short enough to
reveal her ass tells me that she has been harassed by such a well-respected
citizen, do you think I will believe her? In fact, I feel it as my duty to
disgrace anyone who disgraces someone like Mr. Vanderkam." Frank nodded. "Go
ahead. The whore is all yours." He grabbed Sheila with her arms and pulled her
upwards. She was now standing in front of the police officer, who was sitting on
the couch. He could feel his hands pulling down her panties. "Have you
videotaped this slut? Just in case we may run into any troubles?" "Oh yes, it
looks perfect. Oh, sheila, please turn on the TV, and show him your
performance." Sheila felt sick. Somehow she finds herself in a conspiracy with
no way out. She knew that resistance was helpless. So she walked to the TV in
the corner. "Crawl, slut. Like a dog, remember!" Sheila got down on the floor
and turned on the TV. Watching her pussy in close up made her feel even sicker.
Mike, the police officer looked satisfied: "A good story. We will get away wit
it." Mike stood up, and grabbed Sheila by her hair and brought her head to his
hard cock. "Suck me, cunt, while I watch your perfect masturbation." This was
already the third cock in two days she was licking. Mike pushed her head
backwards and forwards, she felt his cock in the back of her throat. She had a
hard time breathing, and was almost choking when Mike finally blew his load into
her mouth. Thereafter Mike pushed Sheila on the floor and kicked her in the
stomach. Sheila moaned. "Nice job. I will send Bertil and Georg over someday, if
it's all right for you." "Sure, Mike. If Bertil is bringing his cunt, we may
organize a little party." Mike left, and Sheila felt abused.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





