BDSM Library - Conspiracy to Emasculate




Conspiracy to Emasculate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Frustrated wife and her lesbian lover, a urologist and surgeon conspire to physically emasculate the husband. As a result he is no longer able to have an erection, nor can he ejaculate even though he still is filled with desire and lust.
CONSPIRACY TO EMASCULATE

This story is fiction and should not be confused with reality.

Chapter One

Lana was scurrying to her car in the parking deck when her cell phone rang. 
Reaching into her briefcase, which was slung over her shoulder, she flipped it
open and saw Kathy's number. She hit the send button and spoke immediately:

"Well Darling, how did it go?"

"Beautifully! He'll be under for about an hour, so if you want to be here I wait
to tell him the sad news."

"Wouldn't miss it! I just got out of court and heading for my car. Should be
there in a half hour or so."

"Great! You know I've been wet all through the surgery! I wanted to cut off his
nuts and his cock while I was down there!"

"Oh I wish you had! I thought about you to, all through the hearing. It all went
well though?"

"Well he ain't ever again gonna fuck nobody, I guarantee that! That man has felt
his last hard-on and enjoyed his last orgasm! The sperm in the channel are all
dead and gone!"

She laughed like a little school girl who had just passed a test.

"You keep talking I'm going lift my skirt and get off right here!" Lana
responded chuckling.

"All right! See you in a few. He's in room 628C if you want to head right up
there or we can meet in the commissary in thirty minutes. That way I can give
you all the gory details over a cup of coffee."

"Sounds good! I'll see you there."

Lana slipped into her silver Lexus, and pushing the 15 mph limit, she let the
tires squeal as she wound her way down the parking deck! Anxious to meet Kathy
she flipped the attendant ten bucks without asking for change, she laid a trail
of rubber and made her way to the expressway and the hospital.

Kathy was in fact, Doctor Katherine Carter, a highly respected urologist and
surgeon. Their relationship started when Lana had a urinary tract infection.
After only a few visits they became friends and soon found themselves lovers.
Lana found it quite easy to talk to Kathy and office visits turned into lunches,
then dinners and ultimately intimate relations.

Kathy opened the door to lesbianism for Lana who was enduring a very frustrating
marriage to Ken, who was also an attorney. He was an incompetent lover who
exemplified the adage: "Slam, Bam, thank you Mam!" There was no foreplay and
once he ejaculated he was off smoking a cigarette without a care as to her
frustrations.

They had been seeing each other intimately for almost six months when Kathy,
after listening to a myriad of Lana's frustrations, came up with the idea that
culminated with today's surgery. She was the dominant partner between the two of
them and had a wonderful mean streak that often resulted in sadistic sexual
play.

Kathy's idea for Kenny was to have him submit to a prostate examination, even
though he was only twenty-seven, she would diagnose him as having prostate
cancer and then remove his prostate. In doing this surgical procedure, Kenny
would lose his ability to both achieve and erection and to ejaculate! At the
same time, he would not lose his desire for sex!

Kathy explained that beauty of removing his prostate was that he would remain
horny, but never achieve gratification. He would also be vulnerable to public
humiliation, a sadistic pleasure that really turned her on! She loved to talk
about how much she enjoyed embarrassing, especially men, in public. It made her
wet and ache for an orgasm!

As they prepared Kenny for surgery they did not share the negative ramifications
with him, stressing only that it was imperative that he get the cancer removed.
The dumb shit was too stupid to even consider getting a second opinion. Over a
very teary session with Lana he asked for her opinion and of course, she
concurred with the doctor! Now, when he awoke from the surgery, they would
deliver the bad news!

Lana weaved her way down the expressway clocking eighty miles an hour just so
she would get there to see Kathy for as long as possible, before having to go to
Kenny's room.

Twenty-four minutes later she wound her way through the parking lot of the
hospital, cursing the cars that occupied the spaces. Finally finding one at the
back of the lot, she scurried into the hospital and went straight to the
commissary.

Kathy was already there, standing in line to check out her tea and a small dish
of fruit.

"Hello Darling!" Kathy said with a warm smile. "Get yourself something and I'll
meet you at that table in the back."

Lana poured herself a cup of black coffee and grabbed a sweet roll, tossing five
bucks at the cashier and headed for the table, without regard for change.

She slipped into the booth across from Kathy and wiped her forehead. "Shit, I
found myself going over 80 just to get here on time!"

Kathy chuckled as she sipped her tea. "No need Darling, I wouldn't go up there
without you."

"I know. I know, but I wanted to see you, talk to you, hear all the gory
details! I love you!"

"I love you too, my sweet, but let's not put our relationship on the
loudspeaker, okay?"

It was one of Kathy's stern warnings that Lana knew she should take seriously.
"Opps! Sorry!" Then silently moving her lips she repeated her love.

"Drink your coffee and settle down, we've got plenty of time.'

Lana sipped her coffee and unwrapping the sweet roll she cut a small piece off
and put it in her mouth."

"Too many carbs! That shit will make you fat and ah, you don't need any more
fat!"

Lana put the knife down and pushed the plate away. "You're right. Thighs are
getting too chunky and I do have some small love handles, don't I?"

Kathy just smiled.

"So? Tell me! Tell me how it went and what should I say when we see him?"

"What do you want to say?"

"I want to laugh at the dumb asshole and tell him he's impotent and I'm happy as
shit about it!"

"No sympathy for the poor boy?"

"Fuck no! I want to rub his nose in the fact that he'll never again be able to
fuck another woman! That he'll never again get one of his erections and that his
balls are dry! I want to see his face when I tell him he's a fucking eunuch!"

"My, my! What a sadistic little bitch you are!"

"Me?" Lana chuckled. "You're the one who took out his fucking prostate and made
him fucking impotent!"

"Disappointed?"

"No! I'd say I'm grateful and relieved! I'd say I feel free for the first time
in a long time!"

"You're not free of me!"

"Oh Darling!" Lana reached across the table and took Kathy's hand; "Never! Never
do I want to be free of you! Oh God, I love you! I love what you do to me! And,
I love what you have done for me!"

"For us! I did it for us!"

"I know. So, what do I say? What do we say? What's the plan?"

"He is going to be incredibly vulnerable to depression and that's good. I don't
think we want to use the approach that we are glad and excited that he is now
impotent. Rather, I would suggest we humiliate him in as sympathetic tones as we
can muster how sad it is that I had to cut the nerves that control erections and
ejaculation. How sad it is that he is no longer a man. I'll tell him that it is
common for neutered males to contemplate suicide and that it is perfectly normal
for him to think about that. And, that that might be his ultimate solution, even
though as a physician I cannot recommend it."

"Yes!" Lana responded, enthusiastically. "I can suggest it and by God I will!"

"Not today though. You can work it into the conversations in the days ahead as
she slips further and further into depression, but today we are sympathetic
doctor and wife."

"Shit! Okay, I'm sorry, go ahead."

"I'll tell him that I know it will be incredibly frustrating for him, because he
will continue to have strong sexual desires, it's just that he won't be able to
release those frustrations.  We can both stress the idea that as a man he is now
totally inadequate. Many women would leave him immediately and he I lucky to
have someone like you! That will be his horror. To feel like his testicles are
full and ready to explode, but in reality there is nothing there, he is sexually
dead!"

"Sexually dead! I love the sound of that! Kenny is sexually dead!"

" Crazy bitch!  Anyway, I will suggest that this will mandate a new approach to
sex for him. He may find satisfaction, for instance, in orally satisfying his
wife. Some men find themselves slipping quite nicely into the subservient role
as the sexual partner. Suggest that he may find it stimulating for you if he
licks your anus, as well as your vagina. He may find role playing exciting and
he may wish to become a transvestite. I'll assure him that this will bring about
relief for some men. Particularly if there is some exposure that leads to sexual
humiliation and total embarrassment.  Another means of release is to substitute
pain, public humiliation and depravation for sexual gratification. He may wish
to talk with you to see if you are willing to publicly sexually humiliate him,
spank him or deprive him of some of the comforts he is used to."

"Christ Kathy, I'm getting all wet! What? What kind of comforts should I deprive
him of?"

Thinking for a moment she smiled as she spoke; "You could deprive him of
sleeping in your bed, which I think is an excellent idea. Treat him like a
neutered puppy and make him sleep on the floor someplace outside the bed room."

"I like that!"

"Give him a blanket and a dog dish and let him sleep in the cellar!"

"Oh God, this is great!"

"Obviously you are going to deprive him of any attempt to have sex with him, but
you might discuss how excited you get about him when you think of him drinking
your urine and maybe cleaning you with his tongue when you have finished
peeing."

"Yes! I've thought of that! God how I'd love to piss all over that mother
fucker!"

"Shhhhhhh! Not to loud."

"Shit! I'm sorry."

"It's all right. Anyway, he will do almost anything to please you and to attempt
to satisfy the lust in his groin. The former is your choice, the latter will
never happen! That poor mother-fucker has been completely, physically
emasculated! Now it is up to you to emotionally emasculate him!"

"Will you help me?"

"As his doctor I can contribute to his psychological trauma and depression,  but
I think it is best that I avoid my personal pleasures. As an attorney and
without an intense effort on your part, the dumb ass may find a reason to sue me
for malpractice and I don't need that shit!"

"I understand."

"Well, what do we say we go see your neutered little man."

"I'm ready."

The two women made their way to the elevator and went up to the sixth floor.
628C was a private room and C wing was for those professionals who could afford
a room with all the amenities of home. Kenny was awake but half dazed when they
arrived. A weak smile cut across his face as he recognize who he thought was his
loving and adoring wife.

Airbags wrapped were around his legs, powered by a motor at the end of the bed,
and the constant humming of the motor filling the airbags filled the room. His
catheter bag was hanging on the side of the bed filled with pink urine. The
sight of urine in his blood excited Lana and she contracted her sphincter
muscles feeling a dampness in her groin.

Through half open eyes and with a rasping voice he asked: "Well, how did it go?
Get all of the cancer?"

The two women looked at each other and exchanged a quick smile. Doctor Carter
tapped his wrist and said; "Maybe you should just rest for now."

Worry came over his face. "What? Tell me! What happened? Didn't you get it all?"

Lana stroked his face like a loving wife and made a quick glance at Kathy to
make sure she was doing the right thing.  Then working very hard not to smile as
she spoke she said: "Honey, Doctor Carter has some real good news and some bad
news."

"What?" His head turned back and forth between the two women seeking a response.

Kathy put on her most serious face and speaking in a soft tone consoled her
victim. "Mr. Emerson, we got everything we were going after." She was trying to
hide the fact that there was no cancer in the first place. "The problem that we
ran into was that in order to achieve our goals in this process, I had to remove
the nerves that allow both erection and ejaculation."

"What? What the hell are you telling me?" He was suddenly wide awake.

"What I am saying is that you will no longer function sexually in the same
manner as you did when you came into the hospital. I'm sorry, our objective
mandated that those vital nerves be removed."

"You got all the cancer?"
"We got everything we were after! I can tell you in all honesty that right now
you do not have any cancer of the prostate."

"Well, thank God for that, but what can I do about sex?"

"I must tell you it will be quite frustrating for you. You will have all the
desires of a normal man, but you will not be able to fulfill those desires."

"Normal? I'm not normal?"

"Well, you are by most appearances with the one exception, which is important to
many men, you can no longer achieve an erection nor will you be able to
ejaculate."

Holding back a smile, but anxious to inflict some real humiliation, Lana stroked
his face as she spoke, "Honey, I think you are what they call a eunuch." She
feigned wiping a tear from her eye.  "You're impotent Darling!"

His eyes dashed back and forth between the two women! "Impotent? A eunuch?"

Kathy held his hand and added: "You can still lead an adequate life, Mr.
Emerson. A bigger problem is that you may have to wear diapers the rest of your
life. We don't know yet if you will be able to control your bladder!"

Lana's eyes widened and her mouth fell open as she heard Kathy speak. "Diapers?"
She blurted. Kathy had made no mention of diapers or an uncontrollable bladder.

"Yes Mrs. Emerson. Your husband may have to wear diapers or what are
commercially referred to as Depends, for the rest of his life. In removing the
nerves we are never sure how much we took of his sphincter muscles until we
remove the catheter.

Lana became so excited she dropped her hand and pressed it against her clitoris.
Kathy noticed her quick arm action and offered an intimate smile before
continuing.

"Mr. Emerson, many men today have similar problems with erections, ejaculation
and urination and the Depends works quite well. They live what appears to be
quite normal lives even though they do pee in their pants throughout the day."

Lana was openly rubbing herself through her skirt as she position herself
towards the head end of the bed so that Kenny couldn't see her pleasure at the
news of him being confined to wearing diapers.

"How long? How long will I need to wear diapers?" Kenny said, pleading for good
news.

"I'm afraid for  the rest of your life. However, if you take some to work with
you, you can remain relatively dry most of the day." Chuckling as she added:
"Although you may wish to keep them in an out of the way place. Fellow workers
may find your diaper wearing quite humorous."

"Oh God! Why me?"

Lana wanted to scream "Why not you fuck head!" but she remained silent enjoying
the pleasure of the pressure her hand was placing on her vaginal area. Instead
she innocently asked: "Doctor, what about the bed at night?"

"I would suggest you sleep in separate beds." Adding with a gentle smile
intended to console mixed with words intended to humiliate: "You won't be much
good to your wife in bed anyway given your problems with your penis and
ejaculation and you will be peeing in bed quite a bit! They have pads that will
keep the mattress dry, but I'm sure the stench will become obnoxious to Mrs.
Emerson. I'd suggest separate bedrooms if that is possible."

Kenny looked up at his wife who was just out of site on his right side; "I'm so
sorry honey! I'm so sorry!"

Again feigning tears Lana spoke to Kathy: "What are we to? We're both still
young and sex is, or was, so important to us? What do we do?"

"I can only tell you what some of my other patients have done in this
situation."

"Yes?" Kenny queried.

"Well, now understand, some of these things may sound offensive to you, but all
I can say is that my research tells me these are only examples of what some of
my patients have done."

"I understand." Kenny said as he stretched to see Lana. "Lana?"

"Yes Doctor, please tell us."

"Well, some men think suicide is the way out. I don't know. I do know that some
men feel that suicide ends their torment and frees their poor wives who can then
find a man who can fulfill their sexual needs. Especially younger men, like you,
who have little to look forward to for the next forty, fifty or even sixty
years."

Suppressing a smile Lana interjected: "I can understand that. Never ever really
enjoying real sex again. It has to be so depressing and humiliating for a real
man."

Kenny remained silent but swallowed hard as he contemplated the option.

"Others," Kathy continued, "find relief in surrendering to the humiliation and
in a perverse way turning that into a means of gratifying their partner and
themselves."
"How do you mean?" Kenny was quick to respond.

"Well, when men like you become impotent and can no longer satisfy their wives
or girl friends with their penis they acknowledge their inadequacy as lovers.
Consequently, they end up limiting themselves to performing oral sex on their
partners. This tends to put them into what may be described as a more submissive
role. They find themselves working harder to please their partner. The partners
often times find themselves with a deep seated anger and they seek to vent this
anger. The relationship becomes more and more a Dominant and Submissive or
Sado-masochistic one. The man finds himself achieving a different, newer kind of
gratification as a result of public humiliation or depravation and even
submitting to physical punishment."

"Jesus!" Kenny exclaimed.

"Seriously, I have several patients who remain married and have a gratifying
relationship as a result of submitting to their female partners."

"I've read about that!" Lana interjected.

"As I said, you will continue to feel the lust to have sex and even though you
cannot enjoy an erection, many men find pleasure in multiple contractions of the
sphincter muscles which provokes minimal semen and a level of gratification as a
result of their partners humiliating them in front of others, by whipping or
spanking them, cursing and belittling them, isolating them in a cellar or closet
for long periods of time, bondage and other forms of physical punishment."

"Oh shit, I don't know if Lana could do that kind of thing!"

Continuing to massage herself, Lana raised her skirt and touched her clitoris
through her panties. She was out of sight from Kenny as she responded, almost
breathless with excitement. "Oh I would do it for you Kenny! I'd do it for you!"

"I love you!" Kenny said, his eyes attempting to locate his loving wife.

"I know, I know." Lana replied as she double-checked to make sure the door to
the room was closed. She was so excited she had not notice up to this point.
Fortunately, hospital policy dictated that the door be closed when the doctor
was with a patient.

Kathy slowly worked her way around to Lana's side of the bed.

"You know. You know, I've had fantasies like that." Kenny asserted.

Kathy smiled as Lana blurted: "You have?"

"Yes. I know this sounds weird and I probably shouldn't say anything like this
in front of the doctor, but I have fantasized about being your ahh..."

"Yes?"

"Like Doctor Carter said." Kenny tried to stay away from the words that
committed him to the fantasy.

"I didn't say sexual slave, did I?" Kathy said as she reached out her hand and
placed it on Lana's buttocks. As she touched she pulled her lover and
co-conspirator closer to her.

"Ah, no, but, well, you know, well Yes! I guess that's what you'd call it, your
sexual slave!" Kenny stammered his way to conclusion.

Looking at Kathy adoringly, a broad smile on her face and her hand reaching
inside Kathy's medical jacket searching for her groin area she asked:  "You
dream about being spanked, beaten, humiliated, tortured, whipped and locked in
the basement?"  Lana asked in total surprise, her finger slipping past the silk
covering her crotch into her hot moist cunt!

"I know it sounds sick honey, but I guess now is the time to admit it. I guess
that's pretty perverted, huh?"

Pushing the envelope and his vulnerability Kathy thought for a moment and then
said;
"Kenny, I guess at this stage of the conversation I can call you Kenny. I mean
once a conversation turns to sexual torture, humiliation and force isolation, I
guess the people can call each other by their first names."

"Yes! Yes, of course!"

"Well Kenny, I don't get the idea that your wife is totally comfortable or
knowledgeable with this type of sexual activity. What would you say I joined the
two of  you and helped the both of you learn about the pleasures of a woman
having a submissive sissy in the house."

"Sissy?" Kenny asked.

"Oh, it's just that when we doctors and nurses talk about neutered males we call
them Sissy's rather than men. You understand, you really aren't a real man any
more, are you?
And we don't know, at least not yet if you're queer, but we'll find that out
later. And if you are serious about adopting this submissive lifestyle, I'm sure
you will undoubtedly will become a Sissy! I'll make sure of it! Of course there
is always suicide!"

"No! I'm sorry, it's just that I'm not used to being called names like that."

Kathy smiled and winked at Lana: "Well, get used to it you limp dicked bed
wetter!"

"Yes mam." He said tasting his first real public humiliation.
"I think the doctor just introduced you to a taste of public humiliation." Lana
said. "I enjoyed it, Darling! I really found her humiliation of you quite
erotic!"

"You did?"

"Mrs Emerson, I think we should discuss this further." Kathy said pushing her
hand hard against Lana;s hand which remained in her wet cunt.  "Would you excuse
us Kenny?"

"Sure. Ah Doc?"

"Yes?"

"I'm impotent?"

She nodded her head in an affirmative manner.

"I'll find gratification in submitting?"

"Yes, I believe so, but there are no guarantees. You'll have to work hard at it
and become a totally submissive slave."

"Doc?"

"Yes?" Getting a little perturbed.

"Call me an impotent faggot! Call me a dirty name! Slap my face!"

Kathy smiled. In due time. Kenny, do you know what happens to men who can't
fuck?"

"What?"

"They get fucked! Now go to sleep you impotent Sissy faggot pervert before I
bring some one in here to really fuck that lily white ass of yours!"

Kenny smiled and swallowed hard. "Yes mam."

Kathy pulled Lana behind her as she made her way to her small office down the
corridor. Upon arriving she slammed the door behind them and in a violent
embrace she pulled Lana to her while at the same time pushed her down on the
Lazy Boy in the corner of her office. Their hands ravaged each others bodies and
their lips locked into a series of deep passionate kisses. Shoes fell to the
floor as Kathy's hand ripped Lana's panties and Lana ripped open Kathy's blouse,
pulling her bra down so she could access her nipples!

Kathy's hand easily slipped into Lana's wet cunt releasing the perfume of her
body into the air. She cursed: "Come you Bitch! Oh God I love you, you sadistic
whore! We're going to end up killing the bastard, you know that don't you!"
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Lana responded between kisses and sucking on Kathy's full firm
breasts! "Oh Christ, I was so fucking hot in there! I want to scream! Then when
you volunteered to help, and he agreed! Christ! I had a fucking orgasm! It was
the only moment in years that I didn't want him dead! Oh shit, it is going to be
so mother fucking exciting to have you there putting the mother fucker through
hell and then sending him to hell! God how I hate that son-of-a-bitch!"

"I know, I know!" Kathy responded as she slowed her attack on Lana's cunt and
began to slowly stimulate her clitoris. "It'll be so good! We'll have so much
fun with that dumb son-of-a-bitch! Christ he has no idea what just happened!"

"When do we tell him about us?" Lana asked.

Kathy chuckled. "We don't tell him. We blame him and we make him watch us! We
put a chastity cap on his dick so he can't even touch himself and we make him
watch!"

"Oh God you are one evil bitch!"

"And you love it!"

"Yes, my Darling! I do love it! Ohhhhhhh!"

Suddenly Lana began to react to the clitoral stimulation.

"Feeling good my little whore bitch?"

"Yes! Yes! Oh that is so fucking good!"

"Where you at? Tell me!"

Head back, eyes closed, in a monotone she responded: "It's a collage of things!
Oh that feels so good darling!  We're at a party and I make him try to jack off
in front of everyone and he's crying! He pisses all over himself! They all get
made and swear at him! Women line up...harder, a little harder!  Yes!
Yes!...they are lining up to kick him in the nuts! He screams! Oh God how he
screams and vomits from the pain and I piss on his face! 
Oh...oh...oh....oh...ohhhhhhh... yes, that's it...that's it!....He's on his
knees sucking cocks and swallowing cum! He's crying and he asks me when it will
be time for him to feel some pleasure! I tell him never! Never! Never you sick
mother fucker! You'll never again know pleasure you cock sucking faggot mother
fucker! YES! YES! DON'T STOP! OH GOD, DON'T STOP!!!! We put him on a short three
legged stool that keeps rocking back and forth! He is standing on the stool
naked with a coarse rope around his neck! When the stool tips over I tell him
he'll feel all the pleasure he's waited for! Everyone is laughing and he's
crying and pleading that he doesn't want to die! I pull the stool out and he
gasps! I hear his fucking neck break as his bladder releases piss and shit pours
out of his rectum! OOOHHHHHHHHH!!1 ARRRRGGGGGHHHHHH!11  DIE, YOU COCKSUCKING
MOTHER..MOTHER FUCKING...OHHHHHHHHH YESSSSS....OHH KATHY ...OH GOD....OH SHIT
THAT WAS GOOD! Oh, thank God that whining piss ant will never know that kind of
pleasure again! Just knowing that he is sexually dead is one hell of a reward!
 

(To be continued if you find it worth your time. Please let me know if you like
it)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





