BDSM Library - The Life of a Whore




The Life of a Whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She does whatever master wishes.
The Life of a Whore

	1
	
	
	He was my Master; sometimes he had me call him Daddy. I was his
'anything he wanted.' He would leave me notes telling me who or what to be for
him. Always there would be clothes laid out on the bed and a specific way to
groom for him.
	I was tired after his demands from the previous night and I just wanted
to get back in bed and sleep. He was always rough on me by Friday from the
stress of his job. I showered and shaved my pussy for him as per his request,
did my hair in two pigtails and dressed in a little baby-doll type dress with
the panties down to my knees and little white socks and sneakers. I heard the
door and got down on my hands and knees with my head down in respect position
and waited for his voice. I felt him behind me, looking at my holes and he asked
if I used the oil. I didn't and I knew he would be pissed. "No Daddy, I'm sorry
Sir," I squeaked and he told me to assume the position. He sat on his lazy-boy
and I lay across his lap. He spanked me hard as I counted them out to ten and
whimpered and he told me to fix us breakfast and make coffee.
	He read the paper and watched my uncovered ass and commented at how big
his little girl was getting. At one point he came up behind me while I was
cooking and spread my cheeks and rubbed my holes with the baby oil telling me
that I had been very bad and for my punishment I was going to clean the entire
kitchen for him and that he was going to help me. I served him his coffee and he
told me because I was a good girl I could sit next to him and eat. I put two
plates down and I sat in a chair that he had cut too short so I did look like a
kid and he cut up all my food and told me to eat with my hands.
	When we were finished eating he told me I was a good girl and to do the
dishes. When I was done he told me to scrub the counters and clean the fridge
after that. "I want it scrubbed out little girl and if you do a good job I might
give you chocolate." "Yes Daddy", I said and he handed me a bucket with a rag
and I cleaned all the counters and the tabletop as he watched.
	I opened the fridge and got on my hands and knees and threw out all the
old food and scrubbed it out and he told me I looked good enough to fuck with my
ass shaking like that. Just then I opened a drawer in the fridge and it was
filled with huge carrots and cucumbers and I felt him spreading my ass cheeks.
"My next picture for the site slut", he said as he reached over me and grabbed a
huge carrot. "Just relax", he said and he pushed my head down into the fridge
onto a shelf. I felt something cold and wet while he said, "I knew I saved this
gravy for something hole, to make my meat wet", and he laughed. The next thing I
knew he just rammed the carrot in my ass very hard. I yelped and he told me I
could cry like a baby and that he would like that as long as I kept cleaning as
he fucked me hard. "You love your Daddy don't you Sally, you love it when Daddy
plays with you don't you." "Yes Daddy", I said through breathing and whimpering.
"I think you do like it", and he stepped back and took pictures of my filled
hole. He told me to keep cleaning and he said that if the carrot fell out he
would have to punish his little girl. I always loved it when he filled me with
things like this, it always got me so hot and he knew it so he just got even
meaner.
	When I was done with the fridge he told me to scrub the floor and I did
as he laughed and took some more pictures of my ass. I felt the carrot slipping
out and I sat back on it to push it in and he patted my rump and said good hole.
I felt him get behind me and say he couldn't resist and he pushed the carrot
into my ass hole deeper and told me to scrub harder. I yelped as he fucked me
hard with it as I tried to scrub. He started to scream and pointed at the floor
and said, "concentrate on the scrubbing cunt while I play now. I need something
bigger for your hole cunt", and he pulled out the carrot slowly and reached over
me and grabbed a long, fat cucumber and told me to scrub harder. "Just relax",
he said "and it wont hurt." "Yes Daddy" I said and I scrubbed hard and just
relaxed and breathed through him working my asshole with his fingers telling me
he was going to work it open nice and wide for me. I closed my mind to the pain
and said "Thank you Daddy" and he laughed and said "Good girl" and he flicked at
my clit. He told me that he was going to give me to his friends for the weekend
if I didn't clean the kitchen properly and then shoved the carrot into my mouth
and then started to work the fat cucumber in hard. I yelped and scrubbed harder
and he laughed as he fucked my ass hole hard. He stopped and I was on fire and
he told me that he liked the way my filled ass looked as I scrubbed and I heard
him take more pictures of my hole. He spread my cheeks open and he told me to
scrub harder as he leaned into the cucumber shoving it in hard and he rubbed his
cock into my pussy.
	He reached over and grabbed my hair so my head was high and he told me
to spit the carrot out. I did and he asked me if I wanted him to hurt me. I told
him, "No Daddy," and he yelled, "Then scrub harder" and he shoved his cock into
my dripping pussy. "Your pussy hole is so wet you whore you like this don't
you", he said as he bore into me and I scrubbed hard. "Tell me how much you need
your holes filled Sally." "Sally needs her holes filled Daddy." "Filled with
what Sally", he said. "Filled with my Daddy". He fucked me harder as I moaned
and scrubbed and got so hot that I begged him to let me cum. He stopped and took
his cock out and fucked my ass hard with the dildo screaming at me how much of a
stupid pig I was. He jerked his cum on my ass and spit on me.
	He posed me in a corner squatting on the cucumber in my ass while I
spread my pussy lips open. I was in agony and all I wanted to do was cum for
him. He took some close ups of my lower half and kept telling me how much of a
stupid whore I am. He paced in the kitchen for a while and he just kept looking
at me and putting me down. He was so mad and I could tell he was trying to calm
down. He told me to stay and left the room fast and I heard him make a phone
call.
	He came back and pulled the cucumber out and told me to go into the
bathroom saying that he was going to get me ready and that he had rented me out
for the weekend to Oscar, a guy he had met on the internet and his friend, Jim.
He turned on the shower and told me to undress as he watched me. When I was done
he told me to take his clothes off and then get into the shower. He scrubbed me
from head to toe and at one point he had me bend over and he fingered my holes
making sure I was clean in and out for his friends. He told me that I better
behave and that the punishments would be harsh if I didn't.
	We dried off and he dressed me in a corset; tied tight, thick collar,
high heels, ripped black fishnets and a little black skirt. He laughed and said
I looked like the whore that I am as he reached into the corset and pulled my
tits up so my nipples showed then he tied the corset even tighter.  He stood
back and looked at me and he told me to go put make-up on and to do it right and
lay it on whore-thick. When I was done I went to show him and he had gotten
dressed up and he looked at me and laughed, handed me a large heavy purse and
told me to go out and stand by the car. I did and people walked by me and
scoffed until he finally came out and opened the car.
	He kept laughing as we drove and he told me that he would pick me up on
Sunday night and that I really had better be good. He said to just act like a
whore and do whatever I'm told. We pulled up to a bar and he told me to go in
and ask the bartender for Oscar and to be a good whore and he dropped me off.




	2
	
	I walked into the bar and everyone inside turned and looked at me. The
men drooled at the obvious whore and the women scoffed. I sat at the end of the
bar and asked the bartender for Oscar. He gave me a whiskey and pointed to the
pool table. I shot the drink down my throat and winked at the barkeep, got up
and sauntered over to the pool tables. I threw the bag down on a bench and shook
my ass over to a gentleman leaning on a counter and asked him for a cigarette.
He gave me one and lit me and I asked him if he knew Oscar. He pointed to a
large man in the corner, holding a pool cue and watching me. I grabbed my bag
and walked over to him and threw the cigarette down to the floor and asked him
if he was Oscar. He told me yes and asked if I was Sally. I leaned into him and
whispered, "I'm anyone you want me to be." He laughed and told me to step back
so he could have a look at me and when I did he told me to turn for him. As I
did I noticed that everyone was looking at me and I got excited. He smiled and
said I was worried you were going to be a fat whore. They always send me fat
ones from the places online. I asked him if he would buy me a drink and he told
me to work for one. I got on my knees and rubbed my face against his crotch and
asked loud, "How do you want me to work it off, Sir?"
	He told me to get up and give the bartender head for one. I got up and
slowly made my way to the bar and whispered into the bartender's ear what I
needed. He smiled and raised his glass to Oscar and took me into the backroom. I
sucked him fast until he came on my face and I walked back out to the bar
wearing him proudly. He served me two drinks and I brought one back to Oscar. He
said, "Good whore, now do that shot and dance for me." I threw the shot back
fast and started to sway slowly to the music. Women were leaving the bar as the
men drooled over my swaying body. People were throwing money on the table
yelling to Oscar what they wanted to see me do and he kept laughing. One guy
told him he would give him 50 dollars to see him fuck my cunt with a pool cue.
Oscar said OK and he told me to bend over the table and lift my skirt for my
audience. I did and he felt my cunt and leaned on me and told me, "You're a
dirty cunt, you're wet from being a fucking whore." The crowd watched and
cheered him as I felt him shove his fingers into my cunt and spread my juice
around. He reached over and grabbed the pool stick in front of me and I felt him
press it into my cunt. I grabbed the edge of the table and moaned as he pushed
it inside me deep and the men cheered as I raised my ass to meet his slow
thrusts. The man threw down the 50 bucks and another asked to fuck my ass with
the giant stick. Throw down your money gentlemen this whore is open for
business. The stick came out of my cunt and Oscar threw my purse down on the
table next to me and dug around in it and pulled out a huge bottle of lube. The
crowd cheered as he squirted it on my ass and I felt the stick get worked into
my ready ass. I moaned loud and grabbed the table harder as he pushed it in deep
and the crowd cheered. I watched as people took turns fucking me: some harder
and faster than others as I held on and took the abuse. When each had their turn
and they were bored I was told to get on the floor on my knees with my mouth
open and Oscar stood beside me collecting money for each man that wanted his
cock sucked. I must have sucked 20 cocks before I was allowed to go to the
bathroom and wash my cum-drenched face.
	When I came out of the bathroom Oscar told me that we had worn out our
welcome and he took my bag and gave it to me and grabbed my arm and led me out
the door. He walked me across the street and into a dark alleyway where he told
me to face the wall and lift my skirt. I did and he grabbed my neck and shoved
my face into the wall as he shoved his cock into my slippery ass hole. I moaned
loud and he told me to shut up as he leaned into me with his full weight and
fucked me into the wall hard. He fucked me for a long time and as he came on my
ass a cop walked up and asked if I had enough. I looked to Oscar who said, "She
picked me up in the bar, horny little vixen, I think she's drunk." The cop
laughed and said to me, "I won't arrest you if you bend over slut." I bent over
slowly and as they both laughed the cop shoved his nightstick into my cunt and
fucked me hard with it. I moaned and tried to take it all as they laughed and
told me what a whore I was and when the cop was finished he jerked his cum onto
my ass and told me to go home.
	I walked back over to the bar with Oscar and some guys tried to give him
more money for me as I was using the phone to get a ride from my Master. My
Master heard them and laughed and told me to do what Oscar said until he came to
get me. Oscar then talked to him and when he was done he led me into the men's
room and told me to get on my knees and suck whatever was put into my mouth. I
must have sucked 15 cocks and licked 2 pussies before Master came in with Oscar
and they both laughed at how covered I was with cum. Oscar handed Master a huge
wad of money and told him he'd buy me anytime as Master counted the money and
gave some back to him. Master told me to walk out of the bar, bent over with my
skirt pulled up, to the car behind him and I did. We got outside and the cop was
there as Master told me to get into the trunk and be still until we got home.
Master talked to the cop for a while and then the car started and I was driven
home.




	3
	
	The next day I woke to him tying my wrists together behind my back. He
told me that I was going to be rewarded by him for making him loads of money the
previous night. He told me that I had the day off and that he was going to get
me ready for a very full night. He told me as he led me into the kitchen that I
was going to entertain a few cops tonight and that he was so proud of me.
"You're a good whore, cunt," he told me, "You just keep your mouth shut and take
what they give you and you'll be rewarded by being all mine until next weekend,
OK whore?" I nodded my head and he told me to lie on the cold floor on my back,
lift my legs high, spread my legs open and be still. I did what he said and he
squirted orange juice into my mouth and down the front of me. The juice stung my
pussy a little and I just breathed steady and waited. He was cooking and he kept
talking to me telling me how much of a whore I was. How dirty my holes were and
how much he wanted to fuck my ass hole. He lifted up a fat cooked sausage and he
laughed as he let it cool slightly and bent down and told me that he was going
to feed me now. He put one in my mouth and told me to hold it there, one in my
cunt and one in my ass. They were warm and felt good as he laughed and took some
pictures of my filled holes. He told me to eat the one in my mouth and as he ate
one of his he fucked me with the other two in my holes and I moaned loud for
him. He kept the sausages in as he leaned over the counter and ate his breakfast
looking down at me. He fed me more sausage and some toast as he watched me and
just kept laughing. He went and took a shower as I lay there and I heard him
call me into him.
	I rolled over and got up and climbed into the shower with him and he
told me to bend over. I did and he pulled out the sausages and he threw them
into the garbage outside the shower. He untied my wrists and he washed me down.
He had me get down on all fours and he shaved my cunt and told me to be very
good for the officers that night. He finished bathing me and he dried me off. He
dressed me in a short, tight, stretchy jean skirt, a tank top and high heels and
posed me next to the TV on my knees bent over a stool. He left me there all day
as he watched TV and completely ignored me.
	Around dinnertime I heard him cooking and talking on the phone with some
people planning his night out. He fed me and gave me water and when I was done
he told me to use the bathroom. I left the door open and when I was done I told
him and he came in. He told me to wipe myself and he looked into the toilet
checking to see what I had done. He told me I was smart to empty my bowels and
laughed saying that I was probably going to get it nice and full later. He
cleaned me up and told me to do my hair and make-up. I did and he inspected me
when I was done. He approved and he walked me out to the car and before he left
me at the motel he handed me my huge purse and told me to go to room 55.
	I knocked on the door and it opened fast and I heard cheers when they
saw me. I asked if anyone ordered a pizza and they laughed and the cop from the
night before took me by the neck and said, "Yeah whore that was funny but shut
the fuck up unless we ask you to speak." I was led to the bathroom and my hands
were cuffed above me to the shower curtain rod and my halter-top was pulled up
over my face and my skirt was pulled up showing my holes. I was pawed at and
groped by all the guys and I felt fingers in my cunt and ass. Hands all over me:
sweaty, pinching, fondling, poking and fucking. I lost track of how many. I was
being fucked in my cunt by one of their cocks and then I felt him release it on
me. I was spun around and fucked in the ass by something hard and large and as I
moaned one of them gagged my mouth with something and told me to make no noises.
I was fucked like this all night. I felt as if my ass would rip open from
everything that went in there. I cried and at one point late in the night I was
uncuffed and told to be still and lie down. I was so sore I kept thanking the
mysterious kind man until I felt him undo the gag and shove his cock in my
mouth. I sucked him well until he was caught be the others and cheered on by
them until he came on my face.
	I was left there for a while and I fell asleep. I woke up to being posed
on the bed ass-up. One of them was behind me and drunkenly trying to fuck either
hole with his cock. I backed into it and it slipped into my cunt and he fell
asleep. I tried to sleep with his weight on me and when I woke up I was cuffed
to the bed with my arms up over my head. I saw the one cop from the other night
laughing and swinging his nightstick around and the others were laughing. Two
other guys grabbed my legs and brought them back by my ears so my ass was high.
I was in a sleepy daze as I watched and felt him squirt my ass with lube and
shove the stick up my ass hole. I screamed and begged him to stop and it just
got him going. He told me he liked it when whores begged him to stop. He told me
that he wouldn't stop until he was done and he pushed it in harder as I felt my
insides get pummeled. One of the guys holding my legs back said, "My turn," and
he switched with the other guy and fucked my ass harder. I tried to breathe
through the pain as my ass got worked hard by all the guys that weren't passed
out and then I was turned over and they each fucked a hole. I was passing out
while getting fucked in all three holes and they all jerked there cum on me and
finally passed out cold.
	I woke the next morning alone on the bed to the phone ringing. It was
Master, he told me to shower and dress and meet him at the diner across the
street for breakfast. While showering I noticed bruises all over me and realized
my ass had been torn up. I dressed and collected and cleaned all the dildos and
bottles of lube and returned them to my purse. I left and walked over to the
diner. It was a rough neighborhood and just crossing the street I got 3
propositions. I told them jokingly to ask my pimp and I went into the diner and
sat down next to him slowly. "They hurt you," he asked. "Yes Master," I replied.
"Good," he said, "You've been bad, you needed it." "Yes Master," I answered. He
ordered for me and asked me if I needed a doctor and I told him no. He laughed
and said, "Cops are fucked up aren't they, whore?" "Yes Master," I told him. We
ate and he led me to the car and told me to get in the back seat and sit. He
drove me to a massage parlor and told me that this was my reward. He told me
that he was going to let me get pampered for all day and that he would pick me
up later. He brought me inside and paid the older Asian woman a lot of money and
asked her to give me the works. He took her aside and gave her more money and
handed her a big bag of clothes and such. He left and I was led to a massage
room.




	4
	
	
	Two, cute, young Asian girls came in and stripped me down and gave me a
robe to wear. I was led to a large room with a hot steaming bath. They took off
my robe and got into the large tub with me. They scrubbed me gently and washed
my hair as they talked to me softly and giggled a lot. When they were done they
dried me and led me back to the massage room. The table looked funny and as I
was looking at it one of the girls noticed and showed me by moving it that it
turned into a spread-eagle table. It looked as if my arms and legs would be
stretched out or back into lying position with a simple flick of the wrist. I
lie down on my stomach and put my face down into the hole and get comfortable.
The room was warm and they started to rub my back gently and I felt the warm
oils get poured on. There were hands on me constantly for the next couple of
hours as different oils and salves were rubbed into my bruises and sore holes.
The aches and pains drifted away as at one point they were rubbing my clit
slowly until I came on them. They giggled and chattered in their language as I
deeply enjoyed every second of their pampering.
	When they were done with the massage they sat me in front of a mirror
and they did my hair and make-up. The dressed me in the clothes Master sent with
me; a black skirt to below my knees, low-cut black sweater and simple heels. I
was led to the waiting room and after a little while Master came in and led me
to the car. He told me to get in the front seat and he told me that we had a
business dinner to go to. On the way to the restaurant he told me that these
people were very important clients and they wanted to meet me. They had loads of
money and they are interested in purchasing you for 2 weeks to go with them to
their country. He asked me if I would do it and I told him I was scared. He
said, "Just do it whore, we need the money and with your abilities they will
surely pay well." We got to the restaurant and he led me inside to a private
dining room in the back.
	We were introduced to two older gentlemen as Otto and Ben. We sat down
and Master ordered drinks and food for us and talked about me and the price for
what they wanted to do to me. They explained that there was going to be a
festival and they have to have a foreign woman to do all these religious
experiments and acts on. This woman is revered for the two weeks of the festival
and a lot of money is thrown at her for submitting to the gods. They told us
that we would have to leave on Friday and that they had been searching for a
woman like me for a while and that they needed to have our answer.
	I was scared and I knew even though I didn't want to go I knew my Master
had made up his mind as he said, "She'll do it if I can witness the festival." I
bowed my head to hide my smile as the two men said that I had to be purified for
the next week and that we would stay in a suite at the Waldorf. They gave Master
a huge wad of money and told him that a car would pick him up to take him to the
airport on Friday. When we were done eating they took me to the hotel and I said
good-bye to Master.




	5
	
	The Suite was beautiful and they told me to stand in the middle of the
bedroom as they sat in two chairs and looked at me. They told me to take my
clothes off and turn around for them and I did. Otto seemed to be the leader as
he was the one giving me commands. He got up and went into another room and came
back in leading a small crooked woman. She was obviously a priestess of some
kind and she came right over to me and took out a small bottle of some liquid.
She poured some into her small hand and threw it at me. She walked around me and
touched my body: squeezing my ass cheeks and fondling my breasts rubbing the oil
into them. She said something to them in their language and she poured more
liquid from the bottle into her hand. She shoved her petite hand between my ass
cheeks and slid her oiled fingers into my pussy hole. I took a breath and held
it as she felt around and then slid them out and into my ass hole. I stood still
and took her probing and I heard them talk some more and she released me. I
caught my breath and she left the room and Otto told me to lie face up on the
bed. Ben took my hands and tied them to each corner of the headboard while Otto
tied each leg, spread open to the same corners so my ass was high off the bed.
	Otto took his jacket off and rolled up his sleeves while Ben put a
couple of pillows under my hips. Otto snapped gloves on his hands and handed a
pair to Ben. Otto knelt down in front of my open holes and asked me how much I
could take. Ben twisted one nipple and felt my tit roughly as Otto probed my
pussy hole. I told him that I would try to please him as he slipped his finger
into my cunt and felt my stomach. He asked me if I was able to have children and
I told him no. He kept probing my cunt asking me questions about my health and
if he was hurting me. I told him that I had a rough weekend but it didn't hurt.
He pulled his finger out and as he looked at the holes he poked at them with his
fingers and he asked about my ass hole, "What was the biggest thing you've had
in here?" Ben was flicking my nipples while sitting next to my head watching his
comrade as I answered him, "My Master's fist Sir." They spoke to each other in
their language and laughed as he got up and came back with a big glass bottle of
oil. He poured some on his hand and spoke to his friend again as he worked his
fingers into my ass. Ben covered my mouth and told me to be quiet as I felt more
going into me. I watched him work his whole hand in as they laughed and I heard
the words; slut, whore and fat mixed in with their foreign tongue. Otto asked if
he was hurting me and as I unclenched my teeth and breathed through it hard I
told him no. They laughed some more and told me that I was worth the money as I
felt his fist lock in. I just kept breathing heavy through it as he worked it in
more and I felt him punch inside me. I let out a moan and they laughed and Ben
asked if I was enjoying it. I lifted my head and said yes as I felt the orgasm
take hold and send me into hysterics. I couldn't hold it so I let go and
screamed and moaned and pulled against the restraints and shook uncontrollably.
He punched it in and out as I moaned and quivered and I saw that Otto was
getting hot watching me cum. I looked up and noticed that Ben was looking the
same way. Otto pulled his hand out slowly as I moaned and begged for more. They
laughed and untied me and told me to get on my knees on the floor and open my
mouth. I did and they took turns fucking my face and they both came on it. When
they were done with me they locked me in a closet with a blanket and told me to
sleep.
	They next morning I woke up to Otto telling me to use the bathroom and
bathe. When I was done I was rubbed down with smelly oils by a young woman and
dressed in a light red gauze fabric, covering me head to toe. I was led out to
the suite and as I stood next to the bed I was fed by the girl and then told to
follow Otto and Ben. They led me down to the car and took me to a shop in the
city that sold clothes for people in their culture. I was led inside directly
into the back and the fabric was taken off me by 2 girls who were the shop
owner's daughters, while he talked to Otto and Ben. The old man shook their
hands and congratulated the men on finding a suitable slave for the ceremonies.
He scared me with his excitement and the girls were bringing out clothes and
trying them on me.
	First various saris in different colors and textures were tried and
decided upon. Then Otto and the man talked about the ceremonies involved. The
old man measured me everywhere and he talked to Otto about the specific fabrics
and metals that needed to be worn by me for the specific acts I needed to
perform. The man left the room and came back in with a leather harness that he
fit onto me and then removed and handed it to one of his daughters. The red
fabric was wrapped back around me until I was fully covered and led back to the
car. I got in and Otto told me to lean back, lift the fabric and spread my legs
open. They looked at me until the car stopped and I was told to cover myself and
follow them.
	This store was filled with all kinds of different wigs and jewelry and a
mean looking woman looked at me and talked to Otto. I followed them all into the
back and the woman took my fabric off and told me to stand within a circle drawn
on the floor. Otto came forward and said a few words and then stepped back and
watched and the woman yelled for me to squat down. I did and she poured some
drops of oil on me and she commenced to grab a pair of scissors and cut all my
long, dark, beautiful hair off. I yelped with surprise and the woman smacked my
face hard and said a prayer. I cried and cried as she finished and she took out
a razor and cream and shaved my head bald. She then got on her knees and spread
the cream on my open holes and punched one hand into my cunt as she shaved
around it.
	She wiped me off and rubbed me down with more oils and she led me to sit
in front of a mirror and they chose a small black gadget the went around my head
and covered my mouth and nose with fabric. Otto bought ones in different colors
as I was dressed again and brought back to the car. I was posed in the back with
my legs spread open and this time Otto took off the belt, covered my eyes with
the fabric and told me to spread my lips open. They agreed that this should
always be my pose and Otto told me that this was my new resting position. I
replied, "Anything you wish," and they laughed and told me I was working out
well. He told me as I heard him snap his rubber gloves on, that we were leaving
late tonight to go to their country of Libriana to meet my new Master, he came
and sat next to me, rubbed my cunt and whispered, "Your only Master, the King of
Libriana." I took a deep breath as his fingers slipped deep into my cunt and
back out slowly. He was making me crazy and I moaned. He grabbed my tit and
squeezed it too hard and I flinched while he said, "You must never be
disrespectful to the King, if your face is covered then you must never say a
word, do you understand, whore?" I nodded my covered head.




	6
	
	The car stopped and I was led through the airport with nothing but my
eyes uncovered. We were met by other administrators and political subjects from
their country and got onto a private jet and all throughout the flight I was
posed until my cunt dripped with longing. Before we took off Otto told me that
it was a 15-hour flight and a servant came up to me and took the red wrap off.
The harness that we had bought earlier was strapped on me and around me and I
was led to the front of the cabin and hooked into a line from the front of the
harness to the ceiling. Otto sat next to Ben in the front seat and he pressed a
button and I was lifted to hang from the harness face up with my legs spread
wide open right in front of them. All the men belted in and from their seats
they laughed at my holes and how I looked during take off. When we were airborne
they all took turns posing me and fucking a hole in various positions for hours
at a time.
	First I was led to the cockpit where the royal pilots flipped to
automatic pilot and one had me get in his seat and fuck his instrument stick as
they laughed and then they each fucked my mouth and came on me. Then Otto had me
pose on the floor in the main cabin face down, spread eagle, while they played
some kind of spitting game where they had to hit me from certain places around
the plane. Then I became the table for them to eat their dinners while Ben
scared me by telling me how mean the King could be. He poured more Vodka into
his glass and I could tell that he was drunk as he picked me up spilling the
food all over the floor and bent me over the back of one of the seats so my ass
was high and said, "I want to punch my fist into your fat ass, whore." Everyone
laughed at his boldness as I braced for the pain and in his inebriated state
tried to work his fingers into my dry hole. Otto laughed and he drunkenly got up
and handed Ben a bottle of lube, a pair of gloves and laughed and told him that
it was OK. He patted him on the back as Ben shyly laughed and Otto said, "Have
at the whore, she is nothing, why don't you put her down here and let her eat
from the floor while you take her hole." Everyone watched and cheered him on as
the servants got me to the floor on my hands and knees and held my head down as
Ben worked his fist into my ass hard and fast as I was told to eat the food off
the floor. I breathed through it and tried to eat as he fucked me hard and I
tried not to scream. I couldn't eat and I felt the orgasm close and I screamed
and I came violently. After the servants cleaned me I was posed in various
positions and they all took turns fucking a hole on the King's whore. They never
used their cocks, they would jerk them on me but always they fucked me with
their fingers, hands or fists. Later I was put back into the harness for landing
and while we taxied I was wrapped in the red sari covering my whole body and
head.
	When we got out of the plane it seemed as if the whole country came to
look at me. They all hooted and hollered as I was led to the back of a limo and
driven through the ecstatic crowd and into the royal compound. There Otto told
me to get on my knees as a man walked up and told me he was the head of state,
Jorqual. Jorqual looked at me and told me to get up and follow him to the Kings
chamber. Otto and Ben left I realized as Jorqual led me into a huge lavish room
with fabric hanging everywhere and flowing in the warm breeze. Vibrant colors
and sweet smells surrounded me as I noticed the view outside from the patio
overlooking vast gardens out to the ocean far below. He took me to the bath
chamber and four women came in took off the face covering and removed my
clothes. They scrubbed me down and removed all my body hair as I let go to their
soft touches. I was dried and rubbed with sweet oils inside and out with their
small hands and they dressed me in a white sari wrapped around my body and
covering my face. I was led out to the bedchamber and told to sit on the couch
in my given resting position. I pulled up the skirting and spread my legs and
opened my cunt lips to them. They smiled and Jorqual came in and said, "Good,
everything is on schedule. You will serve Him well, whore." He uncovered my face
as I wondered what these ceremonies entailed and I heard someone coming in.
	I was told to stay and all the servants including Jorqual got down to
their hands and knees with their heads to the floor in respect to the King. I
watched him ignore them and look at my position on the couch and he smiled. I
looked down in respect and I watched his hand go directly to my cunt and he
dipped his finger in and tasted my juice. He smiled and patted Jorqual on the
back and obviously told him to get up. He spoke to him in a fatherly tone but
you could tell the King respected his right hand man. Just then Otto and Ben
came in and bowed low to the King until he had them join them for drinks. I sat
there in my pose and watched them talk in their language, obviously about me as
they made gestures towards me and laughed. The King came over to me and laughed
as he pointed at me talking more in the gibberish. He bent down and in broken
English said, "You...Whore...Ugly...Holes," and he just laughed harder, slapping
his knee. He turned to his aid and said something and Jorqual told me to keep
spreading my lips apart but to sit up and open my mouth. I did and the King took
out his hard cock and stuffed it into my mouth. I sucked it hard and fast until
he pulled it out and came on my face and chest. I was told to keep my mouth open
but leaned back as the King Clapped twice and at least 10 little servant girl
came in and licked every bit of his cum off of me. They drank more and laughed
and later that night a female slave fed me, while in the same position. I was
ignored the rest of the night and much later I fell asleep.




	7
	
	The next morning I was being poked to wake me up by a girl servant and I
realized that they had locked me into a small closet type of room in the night.
I was fed, watered and dressed in tight workout gear. I was led outside to the
gardens and the young girl told me to run for exercise behind her. We must have
run a couple of miles and I was beat by the time we finished. She looked like
she did this a lot and as she led me inside she said that the King needed to see
me now. When we got to his chamber door she pulled a bell and got to her knees,
I did the same and when the door opened Jorqual told us to stay down and come
in. We crawled behind him as he led us to the King's bed and he spoke, "Whore
hole, now!" Two big men grabbed me, picked me up and took me into a long room
with a pedestal at the far end. As we got closer I realized it was some type of
chair...No a hole of some kind. They put me down and ripped off all my clothes
and lifted me and put me face down into this smooth cement hole/chair type
thing. My face and head were surrounded by cement with air coming in through a
drain at my face. My arms were tight at my sides and my ass was high up and not
enclosed at all. Straps went around my legs and I was locked into the awful
device.
	I felt my tits scrape on the smooth yet harsh concrete as my dirty,
sweaty holes were prodded and poked. I felt water on my ass and the distinct
smell of piss as it cleaned my holes and rolled down into the device and through
the drain. I coughed and spit into the drain as I felt water and someone
cleaning my holes. I hated being so enclosed and handled this way. I really
wanted to get out. Just then I felt a thick liquid on my ass and something start
to work my ass hole open. I screamed in the horrible cement enclosure and all I
heard was the King's echoing laughter. I tried to relax into his amusements as I
felt him work my ass hard. I tried not to enjoy it as I realized a fist locked
into my hole and I screamed in ecstasy. I was fucked with it hard and then I
felt something go into my cunt hole. I heard moaning behind me, and the fist
working my ass harder until I felt the orgasm close. I started to shake and
quiver as the orgasm rolled through me and didn't stop with the constant
fucking. I was fucked like this for hours constantly while I begged them to
stop.
	I felt things come out and go back in my holes for a long time and at
one point I was taken out. Servants hosed me down and I was fed and watered and
lifted back into the device against my pleading to the contrary. I was
constantly filled and fucked in this device of torture as I began to feel I was
nothing but holes. They would run me every morning and brought me back to the
device for days.
	One day after my run my old Master came in and said good stuff and I
asked him what they were doing to me. He told me, "The tradition here is that
each citizen gets to fuck the ass with anything they want as the king's cock is
in your pussy. It's something they do every hundred years or something. That's
why they need you for two weeks, you have only done the royals." I stood there
in shock for a while and finally said, "The whole country is fucking my ass." He
continued, "Yeah, they firmly believe that this ceremony will bring them good
luck for the next hundred years." Just then the servants came in and told me it
was time for the next ceremony and I was led to the bath and scrubbed, washed,
fed and watered.
	I was oiled up very wet and then tied tight into a corset with my
nipples pulled up, a veil was put over my nose and mouth and I was dressed in an
elaborate silver robe with a giant hood that covered my face. I was told to
perform well and the servants led me outside the compound to a different device
in the center of town. Crowds of people were cheering around a stage and as we
walked up to this one I was scared to think of what it might be. Otto was there
and he was wearing robes and he told me that it was the commoners' turn to have
the royal whore. The robe was taken off me, and the crowd roared as I was led to
the next device of torture. This time I was lifted by the servants and put into
a cement device face down. I squeezed into the cement that fit just around my
torso. This device also cradled my knees and stomach and my ass was high in the
air. My head was left out in this one but my head was covered with thin fabric
so I could still see but no one could see my face.
	I realized that the King had come out to the square by the cheers of the
crowd and I realized I could hear some of the voices talking to me from the mass
of voices. "Whore, Cunt, Holes of Luck...etc" I felt someone rub more liquid
into my holes and then a voice announcing the event. I heard my Master next to
me and he bent down and told me that this was a contest and that one lottery
winner could be in the ass with the king while the rest could only have my holes
without him. He told me he was going to film it and I begged him not to and he
just laughed. They announced the winning number and the crowd went nuts and
Master laughed as he saw the person before me. It was a huge bear of a man as
the King smiled in the knowledge that my cunt would be tight from this man's
forearm in my ass. Everyone stood there and watched as this massive man worked
some fingers into my slippery hole. I moaned and squealed from my covered head
as I felt more fingers go in until I suffered the steady push of the massive
cupped hand. I begged for mercy as the crowd cheered and drown out my cries. I
heard Master in my ear cheering me on and telling me to breathe through it as I
screamed louder and just begged to die. I finally felt the fat wrist, lock in
and then the King's royal cock enter my wet cunt. I heard him order the man to
fuck the hole hard as the crowd chanted prayers and cheered for the King. He
punched his arm in hard as I squealed in pain and I heard the King moan and felt
him fuck me harder. This went on for a while until the King came all over my ass
and the man finally pulled his fist out. He was cheered and the line formed for
the rest of the citizens and they each took their turns with my holes.
	I was there for days; always fed and watered, exercised in the mornings.
Bathed and brought directly back to the square and locked back into being holes.
Sometimes the King would fuck my mouth on the stage, but he would always cum on
my ass for the people. Master was there a lot taking video and explaining what
they were fucking me with. Sometimes I didn't even want to know but he would
always tell me anyway. He explained in the beginning that each thing that went
in me was cleaned and cocks were always covered in a condom. Most men put their
fists in my ass and the women would just put a finger in my cunt. There were
some though that would stick their religious articles inside me and Master would
film them and make me watch them on the little recorder while yet another thing
was worked into a hole. All through the night even when I slept my holes were
used until my break in the mornings. As the line grew shorter one morning the
king sent for me after a run. When I entered his chamber on my knees I was told
to sit properly for my Master. I got confused as I saw the King and my Master
enter the room. I sat back on my ass and lifted and spread my pussy lips apart
and my Master shook the King's hand and told me good-bye. The King handed him a
briefcase and he left me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Subher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





