BDSM Library - Cassie: An Erotic Adventure In Sado-Masochistic Lust




Cassie: An Erotic Adventure In Sado-Masochistic Lust
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cassie a sexual slave is selected by her Master, from among twelve other captives to be the guest star at a snuff party.
This story contains extemely violent material meant only for mature adults. It
is fiction and deals with very bizarre and graphic fantasies intended solely for
the entertainment of adult readers who are able to recognize the difference
between fiction and reality.




Cassie
An Erotic Adventure In Sado-Masochistic Lust
Chapter One

They say your life flashes before your eyes when you are about to die. The
thought ran through Cassie's mind as she awaited the events of the evening to
unfold. A series of events that she knew would result in her death. As she stood
naked on the platform in the center of the small stage in her Lord and Master's
ballroom, watching the guests arrive, arms bound together in a hammer lock
position behind her back and a hangman's noose encompassing her long lovely
neck, she was both scared and excited. An avowed masochist, who loved to be
subjugated to pain and humiliation, she knew she was about to make the supreme
sacrifice!

Her reflections on her life began this morning when her Lord and Master Karl
Vettering came to the den, where all of the lived until called up to serve him. 
He was of German or Australia extraction, as betrayed by his slight accent. He
was six-four or six-five with a muscular body and a full head of blond hair,
which was heavily greased and combed straight back on his head. More often than
not, girls would squeeze their sphincter muscles and feel themselves getting wet
when they first met him.

The girls ranged in age from fourteen to twenty-one. Everyone was quite nervous
about turning twenty-one because that's when girls disappeared. Master Karl told
the others that he was freeing them when they turned twenty-one, but too often
the night the birthday celebrant left, horrifying screams could be heard coming
from elsewhere in the mansion. The women knew in their hearts that he his
version of freedom was freedom from life itself. They feared turning 21 as much
a they feared for those invited to provide entertainment for one of Master's
parties. However, all did not share their fear.

Cassie had enjoyed masochism for as long as she could remember. She had no idea
if she learned to love it from abuse provided by both her mother and
step-father, or if it was genetic, but while anxious about the prospect of death
at the hands of her Lord and Master Karl, the prospect also made her wet with
excitement. In some small way she envied the girls called from the den.

When Master Karl arrived this morning, he was wearing a red satin robe, which
was open exposing his muscular abdomen and hairless chest. It also exposed his
now familiar rather small penis, tucked into his groin like the head of a small
prehistoric dinosaur. He was an Adonis except for his rather small penis, which
the girls knew only grew erect when he was enjoying the pleasures of punishing
and humiliating a woman. He loved to inflict pain and to hear the girl's scream
and cry! Only then could he find relief in ejaculation! The girls quietly joked
among themselves about his small penis and concluded that he liked small girls
because a mature woman would never feel his tiny prick inside them! 

Master fondled himself as he announced that he was having a party and he needed
one of the girls to provide the evenings entertainment. The invitation instantly
provoked tears and screams as the girls huddled together and attempted to avoid
eye contact with Lord Karl. He laughed: "You don't know how much fun you miss by
not vanting to be a star and entertain my guests! It is an honor to entertain my
guests, soon you vill all know how much fun it is!"

Although none of girls had attended one of his parties, and no girl invited ever
returned, there were rumors regarding what happened. Lord Karl hosted many such
parties and every girl he had selected to provide entertainment ever returned to
the den! The girls were convinced his parties were snuff parties and that the
girl would die an agonizing death just to entertain his friends.

He had strolled the room, examining and teasing the girls, who were always naked
and ready to accept any advance made by Lord Karl.  He'd squeeze the breasts of
one girl until she screamed, probed another's pussy until she experienced
sincere discomfort and a sickening moan passed her lips, slapped another girls
face and laugh as she begged him not to choose her.

Then he stopped in front of Cassie. He pinched her nipple, distended as a result
of several hours of suction cups placed on her nipples. She winced as the pain
cut through her body, but felt the pleasure of a tightening sphincter muscle,
which provoked a moist feeling in her teenage cunt. He then grabbed the other
nipple and pinched with his long polished nails until the pain provoked a slight
scream!

He smiled, and said: "You'll do nicely Cassie my dear." Then turning to the
other girls he added;  "Make her look nice ladies, I don't wish to disappoint my
guests. Somebody give her a pee bath and clean her up! I will be back to get her
in a half hour."

Cassie was filled with mixed emotions. Would she finally make the supreme
sacrifice? Oh God, she couldn't wait to find out what awaited her! What would it
be like to confront death? Would she scream and beg for mercy or would she be
lost in the ecstasy of giving her life to her Master?

He kissed her on the cheek and grabbed her labia, also distended as a result of
his torturous games with her flesh. Pulling on her labia until her knees buckled
provoking an agonizing groan he added:  "Yes, my dear, you'll do nicely, quite
nicely!" He chuckled as he left the cellar room. The latch on the door echoed
through the now silent room.

There was dead silence for a long moment before the girls encircled Cassie,
kissing and hugging her.  The reality that this might be her last few hours of
life over powered her masochistic lust. Cassie's eyes filled with tears and her
knees shook as the women helped guide her to a stool in front of the reflective
sheet of metal adhered to the stonewall that the women used as a mirror. The
women shared tears and kisses, as well as words of encouragement to Cassie, as
they attempted to clean her up so that the Master would be pleased.

As instructed and as was the tradition, the girls took turns pissing into a
large bucket. To bathe a sister in their urine had become a ritual of love over
the years among the girls. Using toilet paper and saliva along with the urine,
they wiped dirt and smudges from her body. One woman used her fingers to comb
Cassie's hair as neat as possible.

There were twelve women sharing the den. It was a large room in the cellar of
Master Karl's mansion. It was well heated, so the girls did not suffer remaining
naked. It looked like a dungeon, but they were comfortable. They also were fed
well, enjoying hot meals everyday.  In fact some of the meals, while served on
metal trays, tasted as good as gourmet meals at fine restaurants.

None of the women knew where they were, but they assumed this was the basement
of a large mansion and that it was in the northern part of the country, because
the heat was on much of the year. At least that was the consensus of the women.
All had arrived drugged and blind folded, so no one really knew where they were.
They had no idea what State they were in, or country for that matter, let alone
the address or what the house even looked like! As they finished cleaning her
with their body fluids each woman kissed her, hugged her and offered words of
encouragement through tears and sobs.

Donna, the newest member of the den simply cried and said:" I'm scared Cassie!
I'm scared!"

Cassie stroked her dark brown hair: "It'll be okay, I promise. I find it quite
exciting, honest! I'll see you soon." She choked on the realization of the lie
she was telling.

May kissed her deep, like a lover, and offered what both knew was a gloomy,
fatal cheer: "Make that tiny dick hard Honey! Give him a real hard-on!"

One by one the girls embraced her and offered their own words:

"We're all going to pray for you darling!"

"I love you, be strong Cassie, be strong!"

"Don't scream Darlin'!  Don't give the asshole the pleasure of a hard-on!"

"You'll be all right. We'll see you soon!"

Finally Sophie. She was twenty, the oldest in the den and a black girl. Her body
was scared by cream-colored welts, evidence of abuse she had endured at the
hands of Master Karl. "Honey, I got two months left before I turn 21 and that
honky mother fucker tries to kill my black ass! I ain't giving up and don't you
go giving up! You hear me? This nigger ain't goin' easy and don't you go givin'
up!"

Cassie forced a smile and nodded affirmatively, knowing that in two months
Sophie would join her in hell.

The half hour passed far too fast as the latch on the door shattered the silence
and Master entered with a black man. He appeared to be in his early twenties,
with a beautiful face and a surprisingly thin, white man's nose. He was wearing
a white satin robe, but the thing that took the girls breath away was that he
was wearing a woman's wig and was beautifully made up to look like a woman.  He
was also wearing white patent stiletto shoes. Otherwise his glistening black
body was naked, exposing his well-endowed cock, which was encased in a metal
cage, to apparently prevent an erection! However, the bulbous head projected out
at the bottom his the metal cage.  None of the girls had seen this transvestite
before and the sight of his caged cock provoked gasps!

Sophie burst out with laughter: "Hey pretty girl, you let that beast out of that
cage, I got a place to put a hunk a sausage like that!"

A couple of the girls chuckled, but neither the black transvestite nor Master
responded. Master Karl then put up his index finger and wiggled it, motioning
for Cassie to follow them. Cassie looked at her companions, force a weak smile
and blew them a kiss as she obeyed his beckoning.

Just before he closed the door she turned back again and said: "See you in hell
ladies!"

Master led her down a hallway she had walked several times before, but before
they reached the chamber, as the girls referred to it, he opened a door and
began to climb the stairs. She followed with the black transvestite close behind
her.  His perfume was intoxicatingly sweet smelling. Opening another door, he
led them into a hallway in what appeared to be as the girls surmised, a mansion.

"Charlene."

"Yes sir?" The black man responded.

"Take her upstairs and give this Miss Cassie a real bath, wash her hair and rub
her down with rose pedal oil."

"Yes sir!"

"Surprised my dear?" He asked with a wicked smile cutting across his face.

"Somewhat sir. Yes." Cassie responded.

"You have nothing to fear from Charlene. You see Charlene only likes little
boys, don't you Charlene?"

"Yes sir."

"Tell her what you do with little boys, Charlene."

"Sir?"

"Tell her."

"Well, you see Mam, I especially like to fuck little white boys!"

"Only Charlene doesn't know when to stop! That's why he wears his pretty cage.
He fucks them and then forces them to suck that beautiful piece of meat and then
what do you do Charlene?"

"I suck them."

Master Karl laughed. "He sucks them and quite literally, sucks them off! He
bites down and eats their cocks and testicles! Don't you Charlene?"

"Yes sir."

"And what are we doing about that Charlene?"

Charles lowered his head and talked facing the floor. "Mr. Vettering is giving
me hormone shots to take away my desire and turn me into a woman."

"And..." Master Karl pushed.

"He's gonna cut my cock off and make me a real woman, then he gonna let me eat
it!"

"So, you see Cassie, you have nothing to fear from Charlene. He will prepare you
for tonight's festivities and return you to me pretty as a picture and smelling
like a rose."

Cassie force a weak smile as she glanced back and forth between the transvestite
and Master Karl. She nodded affirmatively.

Master Karl added: "You let her soak in that whirlpool and then rub her down
with rose oil. Got that?"

"Yes sir!"

"And don't forget to shave her nice and smooth."

"Yes sir!"

"If you do a good job Charlene I'll take that cage off and let you watch a movie
with pretty little boys, would you like that?"

"Yes sir!"

"Okay then, off with the two of you. Enjoy yourself Cassie!" He exited down the
hallway.

Charlene opened another hallway door that lead to a narrow staircase upstairs,
which was obviously intended for the servants. He ushered Cassie up the stairs
and then down a long hallway to the rear of the house, into a massive bedroom.
Sunlight flooded the room and took Cassie by surprise. She had not seen the sun
in several months. She ran to the window and looked out onto the expansive
landscape. Tall oak and pine trees lined the sides of the lawn and looked as if
they led into a densely wooded area. Flowers were abundant and the large grass
lawn led away from the house to a lake. There was also a large swimming pool
with deep blue water. A lake so expansive she could not see the shoreline on the
other side. There were a couple of docks on the shore. One was apparently for
swimming and small boats, while a speed boat and a large white yacht were
anchored to the larger dock.

Cassie drank in the beauty until she felt Charlene hand on her arm. He led her
into a large adjoining bathroom with a huge whirlpool tub. The bathroom was
larger than the apartment she and her mother shared while growing up. The water
was bubbling and soft pink foam covered the water. She stepped into the warm
water and immediately slipped into heaven. She had not had a bath in years, let
alone enjoyed the luxury of a whirlpool! As she said in the water Charlene took
a huge sponge and began to wash her body. At first she thought of protesting,
but almost instantly submitted. It was hard to believe this beautiful black man
had molested children and that he had submitted to becoming a transsexual. She
wondered what had happened to him and why Master had taken him in.

Charlene washed every inch of her body scrubbing, ever so gently, her vaginal
area and her rectum. He did not speak, but occasionally he hummed a song.
Finally, he began to wash her hair. He washed it and gave it a couple of
treatments of conditioner. When he was finished he helped her stand up and get
out of the tub. He then led her to a walk in shower that was already running.
The water was warm and comforting as he washed off the soap from the tub. He
then rubbed her dry with several soft terry towels. Then sitting her in a fur
lined chair, which was in front of a dressing table and dried her hair with a
towel and then a blow dryer, combing it as he blow-dried it. She was in heaven!

Kneeling before her he coated her legs and pussy with shaving cream as he shaved
all the hair off her cunt and legs. She felt like a queen! He tested to see if
there was any stubble. Finding a couple he added more shaving cream and redid a
couple of areas. Then came the shock.

Standing behind her and talking to her through their images in the mirror he
said: "I'm sorry miss, but the Master demands this."

With that he flip the switch on an electric pair of shears and ran it down the
center of her head cutting off the hair from her forehead to the crown of her
head. Tears welled up in her eyes as he repeated the movement, letting long
strands of her hair falling to the floor. When he was finished he took the
shaving cream and a razor and proceeded to shave her head until not a single
hair remained. Looking in the mirror she saw a woman she did not recognize.

"Oh God! Why? Why?  Why did you even wash it Charlene? Why?" Tears were falling
freely.

"Mr. Vettering ordered it. He likes his ladies hair clean because he keeps it!"

"Oh God!" Cassie said as her hands caressed her bald scalp.

"Miss Cassie very pretty without hair. Very pretty!" Charlene said.

She didn't know if he was serious or if he was just trying to comfort her.

Charlene picked up all of her hair and placed it in a clear plastic bag with a
white patch on it that had her name and the date written on it.

"Miss Cassie not worries. Charlene make pretty girl, beautiful!"

"You know Charlene, I never would have guessed it, but it is kind of sexy, isn't
it?"

"Yes mam."

As promised, with the artistry of a Hollywood make-up artist he applied her
make-up, transforming her before her eyes into a beautiful sexual goddess. His
crowning touch was to apply a moist sky-blue lipstick! Her lips were so sensuous
she wanted to kiss someone, even the image in the mirror! Finally, he rubbed her
body with the contents of several small bottle of rose oil. The aroma of roses
filled her nostrils and her body glistened!

During the make-up application as well as when he applied the rose oil, Cassie
tried to talk to him.

"Charlene, tell me about the party."

"Charlene does not go the party."

"Do you know who will be there?"

"Master Karl invite several guests. Very important people."

"What do I do? What is the entertainment I'm supposed to provide."

"Miss Cassie must not ask Charlene such questions."

"But you know what the girls who entertain do, don't you?"

"Miss Cassie not think about party."

"But that's all I can think about. Will I die at the party? All the girls think
I'm going to die at the party. They're right aren't they Charlene? Master is
going to murder me tonight, isn't he?"

"Miss Cassie must only have good thoughts right now."

"Are you afraid of what will happen when Master cuts off your cock?"

"Maybe a little, but at the same time, I am excited about how it will be to eat
my own cock!"

"Well, that's how I am about tonight. Sure, I'm scared, but I'm also a little
excited as to what it will be like to give my life to my Master and his
friends."

"Miss Cassie not like the other girls."

"No, I guess not."

With that he went to the closet and brought back a sheer lace housecoat. It
covered her from her neck to her ankles, but hid nothing. It was the most
beautiful sensuous robe she had ever seen. The gown had a high satin collar that
embraced her neck, with one button at the base of the collar. Otherwise the robe
hung open, to provide Master with easy access, she assumed. After slipping it on
he brought her a pair of white patent leather shoes with five-inch heels.

Charlene stood back and said: "Miss Cassie very beautiful! If she were a boy,
Charles would have lots of fun with her."

Cassie laughed; "From what I understand Charlene, I think I'm glad I'm a girl!"

"Yes mam." Charlene replied sharing a broad smile. Time to go see your Lord and
Master."

He took her by the arm and led her back down stairs, back to a sun porch where
her Lord and Master was sipping a drink and reading the paper. Her had changed
into a deep blue satin robe and nothing else. He rose to greet Cassie, giving
her a kiss on the cheek and turning her around to examine the finished product.

"Good morning once again. You look lovely my dear!"

Curtsying she replied; "Thank you my Lord and Master."

"That will be all Charlene, you did a wonderful job. Will you tell the Chef we
are ready."

"Yes sir."  Charlene disappeared, leaving the two of them alone on the sun
porch.

"Feel better?" he asked.

"Yes Master! I feel wonderful and your home is quite beautiful!"

"Thank you. We'll have a little lunch and then we'll go down and I'll show you
the ballroom."

Knowing she shouldn't ask, but curiosity got the best of her; "Master?"

"Yes?"

"May I ask what I am going to be doing to provide entertainment tonight?"

He began to fondle his small penis and testicles. He looked down at it for a
long moment before speaking. "You know it is very difficult for me to get an
erection and to ejaculate?"

Hesitant at first she thought about how to respond. She decided on the truth.
"Yes sir, I have heard that."

"You know I need violence, passion, pain and blood to achieve an orgasm?"

"I didn't know that sir, but the girls talk."

"I believe it is the result of my hate of my mother!"

"Sir?"

"Every time I become aroused I think of her beating and cursing at me as a
child. She hated having a bastard son and took every opportunity to humiliate
me. Finally, when I was sixteen I proved her wrong. Then, I eliminated her!"

"You murdered your mother?"

"It was beautiful! Payback for all of the beatings and humiliation she heaped
upon me! Stupid bitch didn't realize how much I hated her! Oh it was then that I
discovered the ecstasy of a slow death and violence! She used to tell me I'd
never be a real man with a small penis like this. Said I'd never be able to fuck
a real woman with a cock this small!"  He flopped his balls and cock in the cup
of his hand. "But as she hung there, screaming for mercy, naked and covered with
blood, I found myself proud and erect! Just before she died I cut her down and I
fucked her! I fucked her sour cunt! I fucked her ass! And, I then I knocked out
everyone of her teeth and fucked her bloody mouth until my little bitty cock
choked the bitch to death!"

"Jesus!"

"My guests share my lustful desires! They pay me a great deal of money to dine
and drink with me. While they are here they enjoy playing with a beautiful
woman."

"Tonight they play with me!" She didn't bother making it a question.

"Yes my dear, tonight they play with you." He replied. He closed his eyes and
stroked his penis vigorously. "Oh how I need relief! I need to come Cassie!
Tonight, you will help me come!"

She swallowed hard. "I will die tonight, won't I?"

He looked up at her and smiled. "I don't know who will die tonight or before
tonight arrives. I only know it is time for lunch."

"Do you hate all the girls as much as you hated your mother?"

"I don't hate any of the girls. You are all beautiful and obedient. I need the
girls. I need to recreate the ecstasy I found during those last brief moments
with my mother. The only difference is, I could recruit ugly old women or I
could enjoy the beauty and pleasures afforded by beautiful young women, like
you. I choose the latter."

As he spoke the Chef came out with a large platter of food and a bottle of wine.
He poured the wine after setting the platter on the table. There were already
utensils and small luncheon plates on the table. Master Karl scoop a chicken
breast with mushroom gravy onto her plate along with some ultra thin, toasted,
deep-fried chips and two open oyster shells swimming with oysters. As she ate
the delicious lunch, she pressed the conversation, concluding she had nothing to
lose.

"Master, why don't you find your pleasure with me here and now? You know I'll do
anything you ask! You can hurt me or even kill me now! Make me scream! I would
much rather die at your hands than a bunch of strangers. I'll give pleasure,
I'll stimulate you to a wonderful erection and ejaculation, honest!"

He paused as he chewed his food. Looking at her with cold blue eyes he
responded: "I don't doubt your sincerity my dear, even though you are taking the
prospect of death much more calmly than the others and that I imagined."

"I assume I may be totally honest with you Master?"

"I insist upon it my dear."

"I admit I am really scared about the idea of being murdered tonight. I mean at
times the thought makes me want to vomit. However, at the same time, I know what
I am. I know I'm a masochist and the idea of having you, my Lord and Master,
take my life as a means to achieve sexual gratification, well, it really kind of
turns me on! In all honesty Master, I'm all wet right now!"

She placed her hand on her pussy, inserted a finger and took it out to show him.

Master Karl smiled a broad smile. "You are unique my dear Cassie and I would
love to be the one to take you to the brink of death! I am sure you would
provide me with an ecstasy that I would treasure, however, have twelve guests
coming tonight. They are paying $25,000 each to play with you. Are you any good
with math? That is $300,000!"

"$300,000 dollars!"

"Yes. You think I'm fool enough to piss away that kind of money just to make you
happy? I will enjoy myself tonight, I'm sure of that. People who my sexual
tastes must be able to afford these more unusual pleasures. I provide the fun;
they provide the money that makes it possible. It may not be as you prefer, but
you'll provide me with an orgasm tonight, plus three hundred grand. Now eat your
food, enjoy the morning and afternoon."

People were spending twenty-five thousand dollars apiece just to play with her.
Cassie stared out into the woods for the longest time, wondering if she could
ever get away he she made a run for it, if she really wanted to. As she dreamed
of escape she heard Master Karl speak.

"Here boys! Come on!"

She turned to see three huge dogs running across the room and sitting three feet
from their master.

"I wouldn't think of it if I were you. Some have tried, but my boys always bring
them back. Sometimes in pieces." He chuckled as he continued to eat and sip his
wine.

The two Dobermans and the Pit Bull were staring at her as they growled. Running
was a bad idea. Out of nervous reaction rather than hunger, she resumed eating.
When they finished Master Karl offered her a cigarette, which she accepted. He
lighted it as if she were his first date and then pour them both another glass
of wine.

"Did you enjoy lunch?"

"Yes sir, it was very good."

"Good! Me too."

"The chicken with mushroom gravy reminded me of my childhood it was so good."

He chuckled. "You remember Dahlia, the girl who turned twenty-one three weeks
ago?"

"Of course. She was a lovely girl."

"And tasty!"

"I beg your pardon?"

"You just had her for lunch. The breast was hers, that tasty morsel on the half
shell was her uterus, mixed with sperm, and the deep fried chips were in reality
her labia, thinly sliced and deep-fried. I love women with large labia, don't
you? The tasty desert was her nipples, caramelized and roasted."

Cassie was in shock as nausea swept through her! "My God, I just ate human
flesh?"

Master Karl laughed. "You have for years. Everything you girls eat comes from
graduates of the den."

"Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! You filthy mother fucker!" Cassie screamed. "You
mother fucking cannibal!" She rose from her chair. As she did the dogs got up on
all fours and bared their teeth!

"Sit down!"

It was a firm command to her, not the dogs. For a moment she contemplated
throwing herself to the dogs and to hell with his party, but she reconsidered.
There was still a chance of survival. She sat back down in the chair and thought
back on all the food she and the other girls had eaten while in the den. She
wanted to vomit. She knew she should, but dammit, he was right, it tasted good!

As if never interrupted he continued: "Meat is usually very boring, but the meat
from a young woman, especially a woman between fourteen and twenty-one year old
is beyond compare!" Then, changing the subject he ordered her: "Open your gown,
let me see your breasts."

Cassie opened her sheer gown.

"Ah yes! Your nipples are wonderful! I'll have the chef save your nipples for
me. He coats them with butter, brown sugar and cinnamon and broils them until
they are crisp. Nectar of the Gods! Your nipples will be especially tasty, I can
tell!"

She pulled her robe closed. "Fuck you!"

Leaning forward in his chair and resting his elbows on the table he covered his
face with a smile. "Think about it my dear. For three years you have eaten the
food I have prepared. You are healthy and by your own admission it did taste
very good, did it not?"

She did not respond.

"You tell me you're a masochist. Does it not make you even a little hot to know
that you may very well surrender your body to be consumed by complete strangers
for the sole purpose of providing, not only exquisite cuisine, but sexual
pleasure? That men and women will actually be masturbating with vigorous
excitement as consume your breasts, your thighs, and your beautiful cunt? Be
honest with me, the thought does make you wet, doesn't it?"

"Yes." She responded in an embarrassed whisper. "Sir?"

"Do the guests...well...what happens to what...you know, is not eaten?"

He smiled. "You are a remarkable young woman. Just as Dahlia was frozen and
eaten today, much of the women are consumed either by me, my guests, my staff
and the girls in the den. Of course the girls in the den are not sent the more
delectable morsels, but most of the girls provide both nutrition and sexual
pleasure. What ever is left over goes to my boys here. The common element is
that like all flesh, it is ultimately turned to shit in both humans and dogs and
left for the bugs and rats to enjoy!"

She was rubbing her clitoris. Her masochistic fires were burning at the thought
of men and women masturbating as they consumed her body, dogs ripping her flesh
from her worthless bones, sisters in the den would be consuming her body,
ignorant of what they were eating, and her remains ultimately would become rat
shit! A fitting end to a masochistic slut whom no one would ever miss!

He laughed. "Not many of the girls find the inevitable so entertaining!" Rising
from the table he added: " Come I show you the hall where we are going to have
the party." He rose and she followed. He paused and let her go ahead of him,
guiding her with his hand. When they arrived at the hall, Charlene and a couple
of other men were hanging pictures on the wall. They were large portraits,
almost life size, of naked women in various situations enduring torture and
humiliation. She gasped and stopped in her tracks when she recognized some girls
who had shared space with her in the den.

Darlene was hanging by her wrists! Her head, like all the others, had been
shaved. Her beautiful make-up was running down her face and her eyes were filled
with terror as a man with a red-hot poker was approaching her!

Angie was crucified with nails actually driven into her wrists and feet. They
had severed her nipples off her breasts, which were bleeding profusely! The
words "Whore!" "Cunt!" "Slut!" and "Bitch!" appeared to be branded into her
flesh! It appeared that she had moved her bowels as a result of the pain she was
enduring!

At first glance she did recognize Laura. Laura was shackled up side down to a
large X. A very large candle, which looked like one they used in Church, had
been stuck in her vagina and was burning with a huge, hot flame! Her body was
covered with welts and her breasts were bound up with rope. They had turned a
deep blue from lack of circulation.

Master Karl chuckled and urged her forward. "You may examine the pictures more
closely after the tour."

"How long? How long do they usually suffer?"

"Depends. Usually a couple of hours, if my guests are careful! But it varies.
They have to get their monies worth so I don't like the girls to expire too
soon. Spoils all the fun!" He continued to chuckle as he steered her to the
staging area.

There was an actual stage although it was small. There was a velvet curtain and
the stage was only two or three feet above the main floor. Numerous lights with
colored jells hung from the grid above the stage. On the stage was another
platform about a foot high. It was obviously hydraulically or electrically
controlled because a man back stage was testing it by operating a control
mechanism. There were twelve dinner tables elegantly set with one place setting
each and an elegant permanent bar loaded with every imaginable kind of liquor.

"You will entertain from here. The guests will come up to you. Quite honestly,
your job is simple: Stay alive until they all manage to have an orgasm! "

"Oh Christ!" She walked up to the riser and stood on it. She looked down at the
base and up into the grid work above her head as she massaged herself. She
looked at the spotlights that would be on her during the evening as she
continued to massage her clit as well as probe the moist cavern of her cunt.
"This is where I'm going to die? This riser..." She indicated the floor beneath
her feet. "...will be covered with my blood? This is where my sick fucking life
will end?" She got down on her hands and knees and kissed the floor of the
riser! "Drink my blood oh floor of death! I will give you my blood that you may
taste my sacrifice for my Lord and Master!"

"Yes. Are you all right my dear?"

"Oh yes my Master! My Lord, My Master! I am so excited! Will I...will I lose
control of my bowels and bladder?" She was rubbing herself much more vigorously
as she sat on the side of the riser, spreading her legs so as to penetrate
herself as deeply as possible. "Will I piss and shit all over myself and this
stage, Master?

"Yes. It usually happens that way."

"Oh, I've got to cum, Master! Oh Christ, this is it? This is where I am going to
die so that you can have an orgasm Master? This is where I make my supreme
sacrifice so that you can ejaculate? "

Kneeling down a wrapping his hand around her shoulder he pulled her close. "Yes
my dear this is the alter upon which you will do what is necessary to make your
Master happy!"

"I want it to be good for you Master! I want it to be unlike any other you've
ever had! Tell me more! Please tell me more!"

Holding her he sat next to her and continued:  "Tonight I will bring you into
the room as a princess and introduce you to my guests. They will obviously
compliment me on my selection for the evening and ask you some questions or make
some comments. Then I will bring you right there. The riser will be about where
it is right now and a silk rope with be tied with a hangman's knot and tighten
around your lovely throat. Your arms will be put behind your back so that your
forearms may be tied together in a double hammerlock position. You will be bound
with a satin cloth and then that will be wrapped with duct tape so you cannot
escape. This will also prevent you from resisting any advances or abuse offered
by my guests." He chuckled.  "My starlets expect pain, but sometimes they try to
resist and I can't have that. Although my guests and I do love it when the girls
twist and scream and beg!  You see how the rope that will be around your neck is
connected to the electrical winch in the grid, which will then pull you upwards
until you will be literally standing on your toes. It's quite uncomfortable I
assure you."

"Yes! Yes! Go on! Go on! Oh God!"

"You are a unique and unusual girl! Very well. The chef will then come out and
explain the evenings entree'. He will explain what he believes will be the best
cuts of meat and the delicacies they can expect to enjoy. They will then bid on
specialties such as your eyeballs, which are wonderful in a salad, lips,
nipples, uterus and brains."

"Brains? Christ they will eat my brains? People are going to pay extra to eat my
fucked up brains!"

"Our chef as a very special recipe. That is why we shave your head. Once
decapitated the chef will cut open your skull right around the top, like a
cookie jar if you will, lift out the brains, prepare them with a wonderful
marinade and then put them back in your skull and placed table as an appetizer.
I have a female guest coming who pays a goodly amount to eat brains from a fresh
skull! Quite tasty, I assure you!"

Cassie leaned back on the riser as she madly pumped her hand in her cunt she
begged. "Oh Master, I need something inside me! A dildo! A cock! A baseball bat!
I don't give a shit! Please may I have something to fuck myself! Please! For
God's sake, please! God damit Master, get me something!  I've never been this
mother fucking hot!"

He picked up a hammer from a toolbox on the floor and handed it to her. "Here
you are my dear!"

She screamed as she inserted the thick dirty handle into her cunt and began to
pump! "Oh Thank God! Yes! Yes! Tell me more! Please tell me more!"

 When the chef is finished my guests will take turns having fun with you. They
will bet who can make you scream the loudest, who can inflict the most pain and
who might be the one to take your last breath, if the lift doesn't do it for
them." He nodded towards the platform still going up and down. "It will be set
at 6:30. That will allow the chef plenty of time to prepare you for our 11
o'clock feast!"

Her hand was pumping her cunt furiously! "Oh God, 6:30! 6:30 I'm going to die!
Here it is! What time is it now? What time is it?"

"Two twenty-three."

"Little over four hours to live! Oh Christ, this is it! This is what my life of
masochistic bullshit is all about! This is where my masochistic cunt gets paid
in full! I've dreamed about this fucking moment for most of my sick fucking
life! To die at the hand of a cruel, insensitive Master, who don't give a shit
about me! To know there is no escape, no reprieve, only death, a painful ugly
death!"

He managed a "Yes, death is the ultimate sacrifice that a Master can ask for.
Just before six thirty I will cut the duct tape and release your arms, just
before your feet leave the floor so your legs with dance in the air and your
hands are allowed to attempt to free your helpless body! My guests will cheer
and applaud as you kick and scream, knowing you are about to breathe your last.
Then your body will go limp. Your bladder will release the poison urine that
still corrupts your bladder and then your bowels will empty! You will at last be
dead and I will eat the cum that will fill my palms! Ecstasy! Pure unadulterated
ecstasy!"

He lay down on the riser next to her and stroked himself. "Cum my little
princess cunt! One last time, enjoy the fantasy! Enjoy the one pleasure of life
that makes life worth living! Take yourself to the brink! Release the fluids of
pleasure that dwell in your lovely cunt! Fuck yourself you little slut! Fuck
your cunt raw for the last fucking time!"

 Looking at the three men gathered and watching he ordered: "Get her something
that will fill her twat for Christ sake!"

"Master?" It was Charlene.

"Yes? Yes Charlene, what the fuck is it?"

"If you take my cage off, I'll fuck her sir! I'll fuck her good!"

"Get over here!"

Karl undid the lock on Charlene's cock and it quickly sprang into an enormous
erection! "Abuse her Charlene! Abuse this bitch good!"

"Yes sir!"

Cassie was lost in perverted ecstasy, pumping the thick, dirty hammer in and out
of her cunt and screamed in resistance as Karl pulled it from inside her until
she saw Charlene climb on top of her! "Oh Charlene, fuck me! Fuck me like I'm a
boy! Kill me with your huge fucking cock! Fuck me, please fuck me hard!"

The beautiful black man inserted his enormous cock at the entrance of her cunt
and shoved, without mercy, reaching deep inside her abdomen! "Common you honky
whore," He cursed at the woman in heat below is athletic body and pushed and
pulled his fourteen inch cock in and out of her sloppy, hot cunt!  "Show me your
shit you bitch! Buck me! I'll rip your sloppy mother-fucking cunt in half you
slut whore! You wanna be fucked like a little boy? I fuck you dead you white
piece of shit!"

As he fucked her she mumbled almost incoherently " Oh shit! They're going to eat
me, Charlene! Strangers! Fucking strangers are going to eat my tits, my cunt, my
stupid fucking brains! My asshole! They're going to eat my asshole! Then they
are going shit me into toilets all over this fucking world! I'm shit! That's
what I am! Rats and flies and roaches will eat their shit and I'll turn into rat
shit, fly shit and roach shit! Oh fuck me you beautiful fucking nigger! Fuck me
like some cheap ass white whore boy!  Hurt me Charlene, make me really suffer
before I die! Oh how I want to suffer! I want to give Master all the pleasure he
deserves, Charlene! Make me scream so I can give him the best hard on he's ever
had and I want him to cum in buckets! Buckets!"

Charlene bent down and bit into the tender white flesh of her breast! He slapped
her face with his forehand and backhand as they cursed each other!

"You like black meat you sick fucking whore?" He withdrew from her cunt and
turned her over on her stomach, positioned his cock against the brown rim of her
rectum and shoved until she let out a blood-curdling scream!

"Now I fuck you like a little boy whore! I piss up your white asshole and give
you a mother fucking piss enema you filthy white trash whore!"

"Oh Christ Charlene you are so fucking beautiful! Fuck my ass! Oh it hurts so
fucking good!"

He bit into her back until she started to bleed! He spit out a chunk of flesh!
Reaching under her body he grabbed and squeezed her tits mercilessly until she
again filled the stage with ear curdling screams. Blood was pouring out of the
wound on her back as he grabbed her head and pushed hard against the stage
floor! Her teeth cut into the flesh of her mouth and blood began to ooze out
onto the floor!

It was hard to understand her garbled speech but Karl listened intently and
shouted back into her ear! "You cunt! You are going to die you ugly bitch! I'm
going to fucking kill you so you better enjoy this last piece of ass! It's the
last cock you'll ever get in your pathetic fucking life!"

Her head was turned towards him now so she could see him through her swollen eye
and facial lacerations. "Please Master, after you kill me, dump your sweet
sticky cum all over my dead fucking body! Oh Master, do me like you did your
mother! Fuck me! Fuck me when I'm dead! Knock out my teeth and fuck my filthy
fucking mouth with your precious cum! Master, My Lord, My Life! I'm such a sick
fuck!"

Karl was masturbating with renewed intensity as she continued:  "Oh Charlene,
bite me again! Turn me over and bite my ugly fucking tits off, so I can make my
Master happy!  Master, please! Please tell Charlene to hurt me real bad! Punish
me for being so evil, so dirty, so fucking perverted!"

Her hips were bucking so hard it was difficult for Charlene to stay atop her
naked body! It was obvious she was seconds away from an explosive orgasm!

"Hit her! Smash your fucking fists into the bitches brainless fucking head!"
Karl screamed to Charlene!

Charlene was quick to obey. His fists smashed into the sides of Cassie's head
and neck!

Charlene was now screaming her pleads to Master Karl:  "The dogs Master! Feed me
to the fucking dogs! Let them tear my flesh and ravage my sick fucking body! Let
them fuck me! Let them eat me and turn me into dog shit! Oh Yes! YES! Before I
die, OH YES! YES!  let them fuck my filthy cunt and eat my face! Oh...Oh...OH OH
OH..OH YES! HERE...HERE IT IS! OH CHRIST I'M COMING RIGHT HERE ON THE MOTHER
FUCKING PLATFORM WHERE I'M GOING TO FUCKING DIE IN A COUPLE OF FUCKING HOURS! OH
CHAR...CHAR....KICK ME! SOMEBODY FUCKING KICK ME! KICK MY CUNT!  OH I WANT THE
DOGS TO FUCK ME! I WANT TO SUCK THEIR COCKS! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! RIP MY CUNT  YOU
MAGNIFICENT, BEAUTIFUL FUCKING NIGGER QUEEN! RIP IT! BITE MY TITS! BITE THEM
OFF! HIT ME! HIT ME IN THE FACE! SMASH MY UGLY FUCKING FACE! OHHHHHH OHHHHHHH
OHHHHHHHHHHHHH AAARRRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH! ARRGGHH!  AH..AH AH OH CHARLENE! OH YES!
OH YES, YES YES! OH MY DEAR LOVING, BEAUTIFUL HOMO QUEEN CHARLENE!"

She turned over, reached up and embraced him and kissed him deep and long. "If I
was a little white boy I would willing let you eat my cock and help me die!"

 At long last he withdrew his enormous cock and stood up. "I hope, I hope I
wasn't out of place too much Mr. Karl."

Karl was lying on his side, a smile across his lips and a puddle of cum in front
of his cock on the platform. "No Charlene. You did fine!"

"Master!" Cassie interrupted.

"Yes?"

Oh Master, you came! You really came! Was it any good? Did I please you? Oh God
if it didn't please you, I'm so sorry!"

Smiling he responded. "You pleased me Cassie. You pleased me very much!"

"Oh I'm so glad!" She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him before she
realized that she had over stepped her bounds. "I'm sorry Master! I'm so sorry!"

Karl ran his finger through his puddle of cum and put it in Cassie's mouth.

"Hummmmmm! Wonderful! May I have some more Master?"

He repeated the gesture with a smile. "Hasn't happened outside of a party for a
long time."

"I'm so happy for you Master." She responded a smile cutting across her face.

"You all prepared to die tonight?" He asked.

She swallowed hard as reality hit. "Yes, Master of course! In fact, I'm kinda
fucking excited about it, or haven't you noticed. Why?"

"Well, I am the Master here. Hasn't been done before, but I do possess the power
of reprieve. I could keep you up here with me for a while, until I grew tired of
you that is."

"You're suggesting that I not die tonight and that I remain up here?"

"Of course we could go on as planned. It will be a beautiful party and I'm sure
I will have no difficulty coming all over again. It's just that I was
thinking..."

"That maybe you would like to prolong the agony of this stupid little masochist
and that if she didn't die tonight you might be able come again sometime without
a party."

"She is smart and sexy! Yes! You would continue to serve me as I desire, but
maybe you could also help the girls prepare themselves when it is their turn to
entertain my guests. They may take comfort in seeing you when they come up here.
Instill a sense of hope! That would make their realization that they are to die
much more exciting!"

"You want me to put my friends in the cellar through this, tricking them into
thinking nothing will happen to them?"

"Yes!"

Chuckling. "You are a monster!"

"If you are not totally bent on dieing tonight and decide to accept my reprieve,
I may get a little innovative in entertainment and have you entertain some of my
guests individually, up to, but not including death. At least not without my say
so! There would be plenty of pain and humiliation and frustration, but who knows
you may enjoy turning your psyche around and getting a little sadistic with the
girls.  I do have guest who constantly requests I provide a dominatrix!"

"Me? A dominatrix?"

"Many masochists enjoy role reversal!"

She thought for a long moment. "Leather? Whips? I take no bullshit?"

Karl laughed a big broad laugh. "No bullshit! You can be a real bitch! My guests
are a special breed. They expect no mercy, no quarter!"

"What about the girls in the den?"

"You wish to turn on your friends?"

"Some of them are real fucking whining bitches! Yes! I'd love to see the look on
their faces when I send them to hell! Don't forget I know what hurts a woman! I
can make them wish they were never born!"

"Only when I give permission."

"Yes! Of course!"

"Very good. I will see that you have some fun with your friends."

 Matter of fact, why don't you plan on attending tonight's party and participate
in the punishment of that 21 year old black bitch Charlene is fetching?"

"Really? No shit?"

"No shit!"

"I've never played the dominant role, but I'd love to try."

"When you wield the whip, you learn to enjoy the tears and the cries of agony!
The lust feeds on itself! You'll do fine!"

"Afterwards, will live up here with you, not in the den?"

"Jesus, are you listening? Yes! You will live like my queen!  As I'm sure you
are aware, even though you may not like the source, the food does taste better
up here. You think you could get use to deep fried labia and roasted titties? Of
course you could still be tonight's entree."

"Master?"

"What now?"

"What about fucking? May I be allowed to fuck Charlene again?"

"I knew this was a bad idea! Charlene?" Master Karl asked.

"Yes sir?"

"Would you like to fuck this bitch again or are you still stuck on boys?"

"Oh yes! I would like to, I would like to very much, Mr. Vettering, sir!"

"But you won't kill her! At least not without my permission!"

"Oh no sir! I fuck her good! I like to make lady hurt real good, if okay with
Mr. Vettering?"

"Oh thank you Charlene!" Cassie blurted. "Master, that was the most excitement
I've ever had! Look at my breasts! He cut through the skin, isn't it beautiful"

"I was hoping he would bite them off!" Karl said teasingly.

"So did! God, these will leave wonderful scars! You can count all of his teeth
marks! Is my nose broken?"

"It's bleeding, but I don't think so!"

"God my mouth is full of blood! Cut the shit out of the inside of my cheeks!"

"He did take a chunk of flesh out of your back. Not a big chunk, but enough to
leave a nice wound! You'll have a nice scar back there also."

"His cock is so large! I knew it was large when I saw it in the cage, but damn
when he got an erection I was sure he would tear my cunt in two!"

"Maybe next time he will!" Karl said with a smile cutting across his face.

"I must look like shit!"

"You look wonderful! Wonderful enough to make me shoot my wad!"

"Oh, I am so happy for you Master!"

"All right. Charlene go to the den and get me the black lady who is about to
turn 21."

"Sophie?" Cassie said.

"Yes, that's her. Get her, clean her up and prepare her for the party."

"But, Sophie is..."

"Get used to it my dear. If you don't like my first choice, you will always be
my second choice. Don't ever utter a single syllable of objection ever again, or
you will be my choice. You are not and never will be my dominatrix. Do not
forget your place with me. I've given you a reprieve, not a pardon! Someday you
will die on this stage! From what I have seen today, my groin aches for the
pleasure your most agonizing death will bring me. I will look forward to it
every day of my life until it happens. This I promise!"

"Master?"

"Yes?"

"May I wash up and then prepare to help you achieve another orgasm?"

"In what way?"

"Master, Sophie. As I said, I know how to make a woman really hurt! Ways only a
woman who has endured incredible pain knows. I can help you and your guests make
Sophie's death so agonizingly beautiful you will squirt cum all over this
theater and remember the event for years to come!"

Karl nodded affirmatively. "Yes my dear, by all means! I shall have the men set
a table for the two of us." He leaned over a scooped the last of his cum off the
riser and licked it off his finger.

"Master?"

"Yes? Now what?"

"Master I was wondering if I could spend some time with the chef?"

"You don't have to cook, why would you want to spend time with him?"

"I'd like to learn how to prepare some of the delicacies he prepares and..."

"Yes?"

"I'd like to learn how to skin a woman! I want to learn how to peal flesh off
her body while she is entertaining your guests! I want to learn what parts of
the body are best served fresh!"

"And I thought I was evil! Yes my dear, you may spend time with our chef, but
right now I want you to go upstairs, treat those wounds and take another bath in
the whirlpool. Then you can help Charlene prepare Sophie for the party!"

"May I kiss you Master?"

He nodded yes and she gave him a deep passionate kiss. "Thank you Master!" As
she finished the deep kiss, she continued to kiss his face as she spoke softly
in his ears. "Thank you for telling me of my death! I have never been so excited
nor wanted death more! Thank you for allowing Charlene to fuck me hard, to make
me hurt!"

She slipped down to her knees and noticed a droplet of sperm still leaking from
his soft penis. She leaned down and licked it off, then looking up at him and in
a prayerful manner she continued to speak: "Master, your sperm and your urine
are the wine and your feces the bread of the Eucharist you offer your humble
servants. You are my God and my Master! I worship you as a member of your
congregation."

She swallowed as she measured her words:  "Master, words cannot tell you how
grateful I am for the reprieve and the opportunity to continue to serve your
every desire. However, I beg you never to again bring me so close to the ecstasy
of surrendering my life to you without completing the task. Before you and only
you, determine the hour I am to die, I beg you to teach me what I must do or say
that will generate in you an unforgiving hate for me, a hate so intense that you
will never contemplate a reprieve or allow you to feel any mercy for my
worthless being.  I beg you to teach me how to provoke a wrath and rage in you
that will only be squelched by putting me to death in the slowest, most
horrendous death possible! When you decide it is time for me to breathed my
last, I beg you, my Lord, my Master, my God, that you employ the most vicious
animal rage your body can muster that will find me enduring a death that will
provide you with the proudest erection you have ever enjoyed and provoke for you
the most glorious orgasm! I beg you to kill me with a hate a hundred times more
intense than that you felt you had for your mother! Hate me as you have never
known hate before!"

Again, she leaned down and kissed his penis. She smiled in her soul as she
noticed it was once again getting hard!

"I love you Master, but I beg you, when it comes time for me to die that the
only emotion you have for me is an unforgivable hate! I don't know what kind of
death you will decide upon, but I can see your guests and you eating my flesh
raw as I am made to watch! Biting my nipples off my breasts with your teeth!
Ripping and tearing with a ravenous hate as I am forced to watch, screaming for
a mercy! A mercy I will never know!"

Karl's eyes were closed and he was stroking his cock vigorously! "Go on! Go
one!"

"I can see a steel spit shoved up my worthless cunt and coming out my mouth! I
am put over hot coals and burned to death as your guest poke large barbeque
forks into my flesh laughing at my screams, as the test to see if I am done! I
can see you sticking rats up my cunt and and ass and in my mouth to feast on my
flesh! I can see your guests cheering you as your chef uses surgical instruments
to peel the skin off my face, tits and cunt and then pour raw alcohol on me to
enhance my screams of agony! I can envision you using a sledgehammer to break
all the bones in my arms and legs and my hands and feet and then, as you laugh
and curse at me, you make me suck your beautiful penis to orgasm! When you have
achieved orgasm you use the hammer to smash my face! And, I can see you putting
acid on my face and turning me into an ugly monster!"

"Yes! You filthy fucking cunt! Yes! YES! YES! OHHHHHH YES! ARRGGHHH!"

Cum began to squirt from Karl's penis and Cassie moved her head to capture the
sacred fluid!

"OHHHHHHH! OHHHH! YOU BITCH! OH I KNEW THERE WAS A REASON I SAVE YOUR DUM CUNT
ASS! OH THAT WAS GOOD! Ohhhhhhh! Ahhhh!"

Cassie continued to lick his cock and his hand still locked onto his penis. She
then went to the floor and licked the milky fluid up!

"That was unexpected!" Karl said with a smile cutting a large swath across his
face. Then patting her face: "Your death will be special and I will teach you
how to truly incur such wrath!"

She buried her head in his mid section. "Thank you my Lord! Thank you!"

Lifting her head, "We best get ready for tonight. It better be real special
because I've emptied my nuts! I'm going to need several raw uterus shells if I'm
going to get anything out of this little guy tonight."

She smiled and gave him another kiss! "I guess I better go up and help Charlene
get Sophie ready."

"Yes, go! I'm going shower and dress for this evening. Feel sorry for Sophie
though.

"Sorry?"

"She won't get the lunch or any of the prep. She'll go from the bath, straight
into hell!"

Cassie chuckled. "Well we will try and make hell an exciting trip for her!"

Karl slapped her on the ass! "Get out of here and get those wounds taken care
of!"

"Yes sir!"

As Karl rose he saw the other two men who had been helping Charlene hang
pictures and prepare the room for the party. Cum was spattered on the hardwood
floor and one was stretched out on his chair, legs spread wide as the other was
giving his lover a blow job!

"That lady is something else sir!"

"Yes she is! Yes she is! Ahh, when you boys are finished there maybe you could
finish the room."

Gripping the cock suckers head the man in the chair said: "Yes sir! Just me a
moment sir!"

End Chapter One




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





