BDSM Library - The Female Body Builder And Her God




The Female Body Builder And Her God
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man becomes hatefully obsessed with a female bodybuilder. He finds it disgusting that she is putting on muscle like a man and she seems to think she is the equal of a man. He decided to kidnap her and treat her as though he was her god and she was his creation a Fem-Man (female with the muscle of a man) He decides he will use her and abuse her and make her treat him as her god.
The Female Body Builder And Her God

About me I'm a 6 foot 7 inches Afro-American male. I like to fuck women face,
ass and cunt, in fact I like to fuck them so much I don't much care to wait till
they have idea. I will take it by seduction, or force! I also have a real
problem with these women wrestlers and boxers and god forbid bodybuilders they
disgust me. The cunts need to be brought down and one with when they try to be a
man.

I had watched this bitch at the gym go from this 6' + tall lovely woman to what
she was now. She had become a big muscled bully bitch! She had let everyone in
the gym know her progress though the three years, She would brag "My biceps are
now at 13 but I'm not done" or "My thighs are at 23" and growing baby."

I'm not sure what did it for me what made me make up my mind this bitch had to
go. I think it could have been the day about 3 months ago when she came in and
announced "Okay all you half hearted workout friends here it is for all to see."
She said this as she walked around her arms up showing her muscles as though it
was a contest. "I'm 6' feet 2 inches of female muscle perfection! 230 pounds of
rock hard female strength! I can out lift any of you, do more rep's. I have a
50" chest and a C cup, a 30" waist and 39" ass. As to that ass it is rock hard
muscle! My biceps are 18" my forearms are 12" my thighs are 28" and I have 18"
calf's  to go with those thighs making my legs one fucking set of muscles. I
have lovely blonde hair and bright blue eyes my skin is soft to the touch but
covers the best set of muscles this gym has seen. I'm ready today to get in the
ring with any of you female or male and an example of not soon to be forgotten.
So which of you will it be?"

Sure enough one of the dumb ass guys in the gym got in the ring and sure as shit
beat him senseless. In fact she would do this same speech at least twice a week
and some dumb ass man or woman would climb in that ring and leave wondering just
who the fuck they were and why the fuck they didn't know who they were. This
went on for almost 3 months till I decided enough was enough! The bitch had to
go.

Other than her face and those tits  hanging on that massive chest she no longer
looked like a woman. It was like some strange Frankenstein  experiment that
wrong someplace. I would look at this cunt whore and get mad and as always when
I get mad my cock gets hard so I figured well we can kill two problems with
solution.

You see for the last 3 months I was watching her. Not just watching her at the
gym but really watching her. I would wait and follow her after she left the gym.
I knew what she did where she went and who she would see. She had boring life
the Gym on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. After the gym straight home and her
light would be off in 30 minutes. On Sunday she went to church morning and night
with a visit to her parents in the afternoon.  On Tuesdays she would go to the
movies, alone. On Thursdays she would go to dinner and a bar with a friend.
During the weekdays she worked as a security guard, I think she was trying to
become a cop.

Now as to Saturday, well Saturday that was the kicker she would run out of town
and up in to the mountains. She would hick around all day by the streams and up
and down the foothills and it would be late when she would run back into the
City. I do mean late she would get home about 11:00pm well it wasn't that late
in the beginning but as the day's got longer she stayed longer. I got to where I
would park after she got out in the woods and sort of shadow her. She did the
same thing each week, the same steep grade at the same spot a spot where no one
else went. She would run up this extreme steep grade from the bottom to the top.
There was a dirt road that she would run up to at the top and she would take the
road down. Lucky me it was a nice open for use dirt rode.

I had made my plane and I knew the first thing that had to happen was to hurt
her in a way she couldn't really fight back. I had a couple of ideas but would
need to buy some equipment! I also would need to go to my cabin and out fit for
what was going to follow.

First things first and the first is how to catch her in a manner she can't fight
back.! I went to a police supply store and bought handcuffs, leg cuffs, a night
stick (the neat kind with the little handle) a tazer stun gun and an extra
batter for the gun. I went to a hardware store and bought some heavy duty but
light weight chain then to a pet shop bought a collar a leash and food and water
bowls. I thought this bitch has to go but first she has to be trained as to what
the fuck she was put her for, and it sure wasn't to be some kind of fem-man.

So it was Saturday and I drove up the to spot she always gets on the road I
thought now this is going to be fun. I would have a bit of wait it was only
12:00 noon and she never got to the top till about 1:20 or 1:30. I would check
over the edge from time to time but I would use the time well. I wanted to know
what I was going to do to her bust a knee or the muscle at the back of the leg
or just hit with the tazer on the full setting.

At 1:15 I saw her she was running but seemed to be having a bit of trouble, what
was that? I looked hard to see the white jogging suite had a red stain on it,
yes several bloody spots on the white. Oh and a lot of dirt to she had fallen
down, that might be good she may be a bit hurt, no she is running to hard for
that.

I put up the hood on the caddy and laid the night stick on the fender well
inside. I put the tazer in my back pocket. I also put one set of handcuffs in
the other back pocket. I went and looked over again she was about a minute from
the top now.

To make it look like I had car trouble I lit 3 smoke bombs that I had sitting on
the top of the air filter cover. I stepped back and looked the smoke was pouring
out and it looked like major trouble. I pulled my shirt out so it would cover
the items in my back pockets and Stuck my head under the hood my left hand was
resting on the small handle of the nightstick. Then I heard the voice of that
bodybuilding bitch from hell "You look like you got trouble" I heard her feet
approaching and then her shadow broke over the car.

"Yes I think I have fried it!"

She was right beside me now I quickly raised the stick and turned to her first
striking her across her chest hard and then striking down on her knees even
harder. She let out a yell and went down. She was screaming and yelling. I knew
she wasn't hurt bad enough yet to not put up a fight so I quickly used the
nightstick on her stomach several times. Now she was screaming for help and
crying, yes crying like a real girl. She had rolled up in a ball and exposed the
back side of her legs to me I took full advantage of this and brought the
nightstick down on the upper calf three times on the right leg, which was the
one nearest to me on the third blow she screamed louder than before and I heard
a sound from the muscle as it tore. Now that was going to make it easier I
thought about doing the same to her other leg then decided not to. I told her to
shut up I would crack her skull open, which of course I wasn't about to do yet I
wanted some fun.

"You mother fucker why did you do this to me?" She said through the tears and
she kept repeating it. I went to the rear of the car and opened the trunk I took
the stun gun out of pocket I had thought of hitting with a few light loads but
decided to save the fun till we were at the cabin. I walked back to her .

She was still yelling at me the question why. "I did this to you because I can't
stand fem-men a bitch is a bitch and should just be the cunt she is. You can't
grow balls cunt, you can't grow a cock your just a cunt and shouldn't have tried
to be more than that you fucking worthless fem-man." with that put the tazer at
the base of the neck and hit her with good jolt of it she jerked and bounced
from the shock and went out like a light.

I'm not a little guy, in fact I'm a big man 6 feet 7 inches tall and about 265
pounds, but pulling that 230 pound bitch fem-man back to the back of the car and
loading her up was hard work. I stopped once she was in the trunk and cuffed her
hands behind her back I then cuffed her legs. I put a wadded up oily rag in her
mouth and put duct tape across that. I thought man this will be fun.

I drove back down the dirt road at a pretty fast clip my cock was still sort of
stiff from the adventure to this point. I wanted to get to the cabin as quickly
as I could it was a good 3 hour drive. About an hour in the drive I heard some
thumping in the back end the bitch must have awakened. I pulled off the road and
parked I got out and to the back and opened it up. There she was trying to yell
through the rag I had put in her mouth. Her eyes didn't look afraid but angry.
Fucking cunt should be afraid I thought to myself.

I had the stun gun in back pocket and pulled it out! It was still on full so
this time I put it right under chin she was screaming something and trying to
kick. Now it wasn't possible for her to kick as I had the cuff on the leg the
chain went up between her wrist where the handcuffs were and came back to the
other leg. I was just sort of laughing at her thinking how helpless she was and
what a fucking bitch she was. I hit the trigger and she bounced up hard and back
down twitching and jerking around and out.

"COOL" I said out loud as I shut the trunk.

 I put the gun back in my pocket and got back in the car and drove on. I hadn't
gone 5 miles when I saw red flashing lights in my review mirror. I pulled off
and got my driver license the insurance verification and the car registration
out. He walked up and took what I offered and then returned them to me. "Mr.
Hanson (not my real name) the Reason I stopped you is that you are driving over
the speed limit. Sir these mountain roads can be very dangerous and the state
wouldn't want you to become one of our statistics. Slow it down and have a nice
day sir." He returned to his car and I drove on.

My heart was racing and continued to race till I heard the banging in the trunk
again. I ignored it for about another 40 minutes but new I had a town to go
through before I got there so I stopped and opened the trunk again. I looked at
her this time her eyes showed fear.

"You really are a dumb bitch you know that don't you?" I pulled the gun it was
already low on a charge I remembered that you could do 4 full power hits so why
low after only two? Oh I remembered I used it on that cat the night before to
see just how powerful it was.

That damn cat, what sight I hit one time with the stun gun full power and
continued to jerk around for about 3 minutes. It burnt the hair off where I put
the gun and it killed the cat, the cat the pussy oh the pussy.

I turned it down to half full up, after all I have the other battery in the
glove box. I then put it between her legs and moved it around a bit. I smiled at
her "No bitch this is going to hurt" I pulled the trigger and held it down. She
began to buck around in the trunk but something I hadn't expected the crotch of
her pants went wet right off I held the trigger down till the gun stopped its
little humming noise pulled it away and sure enough she was out.

I thought to myself better hit her again full blast with the other batter so I
changed it and do so. Damn I liked watching how she twitched and bucked from it.
That should hold her till we get to the cabin.

I got to the gate at my property and it was now about 6:00pm. I unlocked the
gate and drove in and then locked the gate. I then drove down to the cabin. I
kept thinking about that TV show I had watched StarGate and how the bad guys in
it would say "Behold your god" and thought well she sure looks like a female
version of those guards they have. I had an idea that this was going to be a
very fun couple of days.

I pulled up to the front door and put the car so that trunk was right in front
of the porch at the front door. I got out opened the trunk. She was starting to
come her eyes were about half open but moving very fast like she was dreaming as
she was waking. I took the opportunity to start my little game. "Behold your god
you fem-man, you have betrayed your god and must be punished."

Her eyes had a mixed look of fear and confusion. I reached down and grabbed the
duct tape and yanked it off her mouth. She spit out the rag and sucked air in
through her mouth. I repeated "Behold your god you fem-man. You were created to
serve your god and have failed in your duty."

She looked confused and said "What the fuck you talking about man?" With that I
put the nightstick on calf of her left leg and raised it up about 4 inches and
let fall back on the leg it struck the tear. She arched her back and let out a
loud yelp and said "OH fuck that hurts!"

"Behold your god you fem-man. I created the fem-man as protectors and to serve
and service me. You have failed in your duty and I am going to retrain you the
ways of service."

I then unlocked the leg cuffs and handcuffs and told her to get out. She
eventually got her self out and tried to stand but as she did the pain in her
right leg was evident and she went crashing to the ground. I said "Do not stand
in the presence of your god! Crawl inside, crawl to your cell where you will be
retrained or die." She struggled to get up and I took the night stick and hit
her on the right shoulder hard and then left shoulder harder and said "I said
crawl you fucking worthless fem-man crawl now or die." With that I then hit her
on her ass hard first one cheek and then the other repeatedly till she began to
crawl toward the door.

I opened the door and had her crawl inside back to the room I had fixed for her.
I had a large bowie knife in the room stuck in top of an oblong box I pulled it
out. "Sit on the floor so I might see you." she did nothing so I kicked her hard
on her left tit and repeated myself.

She worked around to a sitting on the floor. I had the nightstick in my left
hand and the knife in the right. I put the knife down the front of the jogging
suite and began to pull it toward me, the material was now being cut.

Her right hand reached up quickly as if to grab my hand or the knife and even
quicker than she was moving I raised the knight stick up and brought it down on
her hand hard. I heard a cracking sound when the stick made contact with her
hand. I took the knife and thrust it back in the box.

"Let me see your hand bitch" she held up her hand the thumb was hanging at a
strange angle. "You have broken your thumb."

"You broke it" she barked out at me.

I then walked up to her and closed my fist and hit her face hard, hard enough it
knocked her to the floor. "I said you broke and if I say you broke it then you
broke it. I am your god!"

She then screamed out "Your fucking crazy!"

I then walked over to her and began to repeatedly kick her till she was crying
and begging for me to stop. I stopped and said "Get to your feet"

Through tears and sobs she said "I can't put any weight on my right leg."

"Then don't but get to your feet now!"

She struggle using the wall to support her once she was up on her feet I swung
the night stick at the back of the base of knee with all the might I could
muster. Her leg flew forward and she landed on her back I heard the sound of
that muscle tearing! "Now bitch you can't stand! Behold your god!" then got the
knife again.

I busied my self cutting her clothes off she offered no more resistance. Running
the cold knife around on her body I told her how I could cut her up. I felt her
tits and I could tell from the way they felt that they were fake tits. "You have
implants don't you fem-man?"

I'm not sure at what point she decided to play the game but this was the first
time she reacted in the manner I wanted. "My lord as you caused the muscles on
me to grow my breast began to shrink, I went to a doctor had her preserve my
breast at their best size."

"If I had wanted you to have fat breast they would have stayed with out the
intervention of some worthless doctor, female's who become doctors are not
worthy beings."

I wasn't sure what was going on her mind but I wasn't going to leave her any
means of defense. I forced her to roll over on her stomach and then put her
right hand out and broke her fingers and then I did the same with the left
breaking the thumb also. I then had her roll over on her back.

I then undressed above her and squatting on her chest. I took her head in my
hands holding on t her ears I forced her to take my cock in her mouth. I slowly
worked it in and out of her mouth gaining speed as I did this till I was
literally fucking her face. I fucked her face for quite some time till at last I
began to spurt my cum deep in her mouth as soon as I finished I got off her and
she rolled over and began to spit it out. I took the night stick and whacked her
across her muscled back. "Eat that up bitch!"

I then put a collar on her and the leash and made her crawl outside where I told
her she must piss and shit. It took her some time to comply but she did at last
and made her drag her ass and rub her cunt around on grass to clean them. I then
made her crawl back inside and fixed her food, dog food she didn't want to eat
it but with just a little encouragement she at last did. after this I got the
stun gun from the car and put the drained batter on a charge I then put it on
the lowest setting and made her come and get between my legs.

For the next 40 minutes I would ask her questions if I liked the answer she gave
I did nothing if I didn't I would give her jolt with the gun. She nice little
burns on her back from it! I then went in and a scalding hot bath! I made her
get in this bath on her hands and knees. Damn it was fun to watch her in the
bath she was on her hands and knees in that hot water. I made her dunk under the
surface several times. I had her get out after I had had enough fun.

I made her go back to her room I opened the box up and made her get in it. She
at last got rolled over on her back and I closed the lid and screwed it shut.
Sleep tight fem-male I will fuck you tomorrow, perhaps to death.

I went and ran me a bath now and cleaned up and went to bed.

Morning came early I got her up at about 4:00 am on her hands and knees I
mounted up and ass fucked her telling her this while I plowed into her tight ass
"I'm fucking you like a dominate man fucks a submissive man, in the ass. Your
not worthy of cunt fucking not yet so I will fuck you this way till I decide it
is time." I would tell her how worthless she was. I would tell her how much her
existence had distressed me and how I had regretted giving her life! I fucked
her hard and deep as she cried the blood seeping from around her ass whole let
me know I was fucking it right. When I at last shot the load I then made her
clean me off with her mouth.

I again took her outside to shit and piss and fed her dog food again. After
sometime I face fucked her again and then ass fucked her again. I hadn't caused
any real pain for a bit so it was time to hurt her again. But what would be
best? Do I have much time left? I looked at my watch it was late Sunday I had a
choice to make how to keep her hear till it was the weekend again or finish
this. I wanted thought I want to kill her while I fuck her, pussy fuck her.

That was it make her think I was going to let her live and that I would keep her
alive and use her for my fuck toy and then kill her while I fuck her.

I yanked on her chain pulling her to me from where she had been sleeping on the
floor. "You god has made a decision. I will let you live I will keep you hear
and use you for my pleasure." She looked at me with a strange look. I then
repeated my decision.

"I will serve you well master."

"crawl back to your box get in and on your back, place your ruined legs over the
edge and I will come and fuck you. When we are fucking you must ask the name of
your god and must ask me this till I tell you." she crawled off.

As she crawled away she was saying how her master her god was the greatest of
the gods and how she would serve him forever and how she was sorry that she had
ever been a disappointment to her god.

When she was at last ready she said "My god I await for you to take your
pleasure with my body." I found one of my small knifes and put it in my hand. I
looked in the mirror you couldn't see it. It was a flip blade.

I walked in and stood at the foot of the box and looked at her body. She
bruised, battered with torn muscles and broken fingers and thumbs. I would have
a great fuck now. I stepped into the box and lowered my self on her chest
pushing my cock to her face. "Harden me with your mouth, worship the cock of
your god."

She started licking and lightly sucking the head and slowly got me stiff. I then
got body positioned and put my cock between her legs and guided myself into her
tight cunt. The cunt was moist in fact wet she gave a moan as I entered her and
I started out fucking her hard forcing more cock in her with each thrust.

"what is the name of my god"

I thrust hard and harder deep in and pulling all the way to thrust it deep in
again. "I have many names but only two for you!" I then fucked her hard again
with hard deep thrust, her eyes rolled back in her head and her moaning began.

"What is the name of my god."

"I am the one you serve in life. I am the one you serve!" I began to really
pound her using my free hand, the hand that has the knife is also holding me up,
I use the free hand to squeeze her tits hard and mangle them. "I am not pleased
with these fake tits!"

"I'm sorry my god please forgive me."

"Of course I forgive you, I am the one you serve I am generous and forgiving"

She began to buck against me as her moans got louder and louder she was cumming
and yelling out her question "What is my gods name."

"I am known as the Lord of Snuff for you I am Death Fuck" with that I flipped
open the knife and put small cut on her throat and the blood began to gush out,
her eyes shot open I did the same to the other side. I thrust the blade in to
one tit the other busting open the sacks of saline and I fucked her hard now.

She screamed "Please lord don't hurt me."

I rammed the blade in to her throat on the front now deep and withdrew it "I am
Death Fuck and this is your death fuck You serve me in your death."

She was trying to talk but it was all gurglingly with blood spurting out as she
tried to form words and I continued to fuck her feeling the cum building in my
balls and began to fuck harder and faster.

I began to shoot my load and I began to just fuck in to her not pulling out her
head was banging on the box above her. The gurgling continued as her head was
banging but as my cum began to subside the sound stopped. Her body twitched a
for a few seconds as I withdrew from her and got out of the box.

Looking down on her I felt great pride having gotten rid of this blight of
humanity it was a good service to perform disposing of such a disgusting female
that would try to be an equal to man. My only regret in this was she had not
suffered as much as I intended I hadn't broken any substantial bones nor had I
caused her as much plain old pain as I had wanted. The time was short for me on
this one. Now I had to take this hulk of body and get rid of it, completely no
trace. Burn it, then spread the ashes where they could never be connected to me.

It had been good to be the god perhaps this was worth using again and again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rape and Snuff


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





