BDSM Library - From Rave to Rape




From Rave to Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl heads for an illegal pop concert but ends up at the wrong village in the hands of an abusive father and son.
From Rave to Rape

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MMF MM WS

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright Obohobo 2003




From Rave to Rape

by obohobo



Chapter One. To the rave



Debbie Richards was happy. She strode gaily along the suburban street heading
for the slip road to the A12. It was Saturday afternoon, no college lectures
until Monday. It was warm and sunny for late September and she was on her way to
an illegal rave which promised to be great fun. Jenny, her friend at Harlow
College and flat mate, told her of the event and she had it from another friend
who learned of it 'on the grapevine'. Unfortunately Jenny had a family visit
that weekend so Debbie decided to go alone. She wasn't worried. Hundreds of
other young people would be at the rave and Debbie's favourite group, the
Demonantics were performing. She'd heard about these events at college but had
never been to one. Today she was going to find out first hand. From what she
already knew, they were held at remote locations in deserted barns or
warehouses, unlicensed, unpoliced. The organisers set up the site quickly, got
the people and bands in and by the time the public complained and police were
informed the rave would either be in full swing and difficult to stop or it
would be almost over. A few arrests would be made for public order and drugs
offenses but largely the organisers got away with it and any fines imposed were
far outweighed by the profit made. Thus the events were not publicised
officially, only on underground college and university newsheets and by word of
mouth.

Debbie got a lift almost to her destination soon after putting her thumb out on
the main road and showing the destination name on the cardboard placard.
Although the elderly woman driver reprimanded the young girl for hitch-hiking
without an escort, she chatted amicably the whole time and took her to Marks
Tey, on the A12 the nearest town to the small village of Aldham which was her
ultimate destination. There was little traffic on the lane to the village which
surprised Debbie as she expected there would be many others students like her
heading that way especially from Essex University which wasn't that far away.
However after walking for about a mile with the weather now clouding over, a
farmer in a Landrover picked her up and looked at her with some surprise when
she asked for Glebe Farm.

"You must mean Grebe Farm Miss," he said, "What would a young girl be doing
going there?"

"Just meeting some friends."

"You sure you have the right place Miss? Hardly anyone goes there these days and
it is right out on the marshes nearly two miles from my place," the farmer went
on. Debbie thought it was all part of the secrecy of the event but was a little
apprehensive especially as they were now in open farmland with few houses and no
one else on the road. The farmer dropped her off and pointed her in the right
direction, "It's a goodly walk but you can't miss it. Nothing else on this road.
It's a dead end."

Wishing she had brought a coat now the wind had begun to blow across the open
marshland and few drops of rain spotted her blouse, Debbie strode along the
rutted very narrow lane with grass growing along its centre. Obviously it had
seen very little traffic, certainly not what she expected. She knew the place
would be isolated but she grew more and more apprehensive that she was not
heading for the right place. She could see a farmhouse and some buildings in the
distance and half an hour later came to the farm gate and yard.

Now she was certain it was not the right place. The yard was dirty and fast
becoming wet with the rain coming down hard. A dog barked ferociously as she
opened the gate. "At least he is chained up," she thought, "And the people
should be able to tell me the right way." As she raised her fist to knock on the
door, so it opened and a middle aged man appeared, a shotgun held in the crook
of his arm. "Can you tell me the way...." Debbie started but was cut short by
the man signalling her inside with the barrel of the gun. Even without the gun
the man would have alarmed the young girl. His massive muscular frame indicated
his strength and his hard cruel eyes and grim expression showed he brooked no
interference.

Frightened now, Debbie tried to plead with the man but was curtly told to keep
quiet. With the barrels of the shotgun in her back she was marched into the
kitchen. A younger man was at the stove stirring a large cooking pot.

"What's your name girl?" the old man demanded. She told him and went on to
answer his questions as to why she came to the farm. All the questions were
barked at her like she was being interrogated for a crime. During this time the
shotgun never left his arm. All she learned was his name was Henry Stavenger and
his son, who had yet to speak, was David. In the end he seemed satisfied she was
telling the truth and turned to his son, "Looks as if we've a nice young bit of
cunt to play with for a while, boy."

"Don't hurt her Dad," David replied, "It looks as if she's come to the wrong
Aldham. Probably she should've gone to the one in Suffolk."

"Stop being wimpy boy. A sixteen year old girl built like she is, is just right
for hard fucking. We ain't had any cunt since your mother ran away three years
ago. Ever since my cock's had to put up with your arse and mouth. And like your
mother, if she doesn't do her best to please us, then she gets a taste of my
belt."

"That's why she ran away."

"And you're soft like she was. You've got to be in command of your woman boy."
Turning to Debbie he ordered, "Strip!"

"NO!!" Debbie made a dash for the door but didn't have a hope of reaching before
Henry's fist pulled her arm and Debbie toppled over a chair. Crack!. Crack! His
hand came smartly down on her jeans covered bum. "Ooowww!!" Debbie cried and
pleaded to be allowed to leave but Henry ignored her.

"Lock the gun away, boy, we won't be needing it anymore today." Henry passed the
weapon to his son. Sliding his hand upwards from where it had connected with her
arse he gripped the hem of her blouse. Smartly he pulled it upwards but the thin
material couldn't stand the strain and ripped. Without waiting Henry pulled the
tear further apart until the material shredded and he was able to get hold of
her bra straps. Not bothering to unclasp the hooks he simple pulled on the
straps until the hooks straightened and the bra fell apart.

Crying and pleading, Debbie still begged for release but all she got from her
tormentor was "You ready to strip the rest off yourself?"

"Help me David," Debbie appealed to the son.

"He's not foolish enough to help you girl. He knows his arse would be sore if he
did. He's only a sissy boy. In any case he wants to get his cock in your cunt
too."

Knowing she was defeated and to save herself further punishment, Debbie
undressed and stood naked in front of them. Henry felt her breasts and squeezed
them. "Tits still nice and firm," he remarked, "Not like your mother's boy, hers
had begun to sag."

Picking Debbie up he sat her on the end of the table and felt between her legs.
"Cunt feels nice and soft boy. Not too much hair. Arse is quite plump. Should
take the belt well and she'll still be able to work. How long afore that stew's
ready?"

"It's ready anytime, dad. You can have it now or it'll keep for an hour or so."

"Right you just hold this bitch for a moment while I gets rid of my trousers
then we'll each give her a good fucking and then eat. Sit her up so she can see
what she's going to get inside her."

Debbie watched horrified as Henry shrugged off the shoulder straps of his
overalls and removed them. He wore no underwear and his massive prick jutted
from his loins. "No" No! Please. Don't rape me. I could never take one as big as
that!"

"Of course you can girlie. That's what cunts are for. You'll also take it up the
arse and down your throat before we've done with you. Just like Nancy did. You
should be pleased we are built like men so you can really feel when we are
inside you. If it hurts a bit, so what. You shouldn't have come knocking on our
door if you didn't want a good fucking." Again Debbie pleaded but Henry just
smacked her bum cheeks hard and told her to stop whining.

"Hold her legs well back by her ears boy," Henry commanded, "I want her to see
as well as feel it going in." A scream belched forth from his victim as his
stout prick entered her tight cunt. "You've been fucked before surely, girlie?"

"Yes, but only twice when I was fourteen and by a boy my age," sobbed Debbie
half hoping he would take a little pity on her.

Pity, he had none. The fact that she was tight and it would hurt added to his
pleasure. He rammed his naked prick home and withdrew it almost fully before
ramming it to full depth again. "I like a nice tight cunt," he casually remarked
as he pumped into her with gusto. Soon it was over and he spurted his spunk
directly into her womb. Debbie wondered about pregnancy as she wasn't on the
pill and had only put one packet of condoms in her purse 'just in case.' There
was no chance of her captors using them.

"Your turn boy." David knew better than to refuse. In any case the sight of his
father fucking the girl had aroused him. Like his father he shed his overalls
and placed himself between Debbie's thighs. Debbie saw he took after his father
in the cock department too. It was stout and quite long but it entered with
ease, lubricated by the sperm and juices already inside her. Although still sore
from its previous fucking the pain this time was more tolerable.

"Okay girlie, one more thing you have to do and then we'll eat. After you've had
our pricks inside you, you have to give them a good suck so they don't keep
dribbling down our legs." He offered his prick to Debbie's mouth but she only
opened it when his hand twisted her right tit and caused her to scream. "Scream
as much as you like, girlie. Nearest person is about two miles away." From the
walk to the farm, Debbie knew there was a great deal of truth in that remark.

After sucking David, she was ordered to serve the dinner. Rabbit stew. It was
not something she'd ever had but it smelled good. "At least it might take the
taste from my mouth," she thought. Although still very frightened she was
hungry, not having eaten that day except for a Mars bar she'd bought at Marks
Tey. Henry took her clothes into another room saying, "You won't be needing
them. We'll find you a pair of overalls like ours when you work outside."
Neither he nor David put their overalls back on and were now only clothed in
shirts and slippers and their half erect pricks were visible whenever they
moved.

They made Debbie sit opposite them so they could watch her eat and look at her
breasts. Involuntarily her nipples hardened under their gaze. David was quiet
but his father kept up a conversation, mainly trying to find out more about
Debbie.




Chapter Two. Toilet training

"Please, I need to use the loo too," Debbie pleaded after Henry had left the
table for that reason.

"Take her David," Henry ordered, "Treat her like you did your mother."

The toilet and bathroom combined was entered through a door permanently jammed
open, obviously having been like that for many years. "What did your father mean
about treating me like your mother?" Debbie enquired anxiously. To her surprise
David removed his shirt which left him naked from head to socks and showing his
prick which was again three parts hard. She was even more surprised when he sat
on the seat with his knees spread. "It's me that wants to pee," she thought.
Before she could form a question, David sat her facing him on his lap and pulled
her belly tight to his. Her breasts pressed against his nipples as he held her
close, his prick nestled along her slit.

"Piss," David whispered in her ear.

"I can't! It's disgusting."

"Look Deb, just do it. It doesn't hurt and if you complain you'll just get
father angry and we'll probably both feel his belt."

"It's disgusting!" Debbie repeated.

"Do it," David hissed. Debbie couldn't hold it anyway so she let go and her
urine flowed over his prick and splashed back into her pubic hair. The acidic
liquid stung the sore lips of her cunt but otherwise there was just a warm
feeling as the piss made it's tortuous way to the pan. "Everytime you want to
use the loo, you must come and ask me. You will always do it like this."

"What if I want to poop as well?"

"Same thing except I open my legs and you are allowed to use paper to wipe
yourself. Piss has to dry naturally. Dad likes the smell and I am used to it
now."

"This is perverted and revolting. You surely didn't do this with your mother."

"Oh yes we did and a lot more. You'll see." David removed his prick from under
Debbie's cunt and squashed it tightly against her belly and then pissed. Debbie
felt and smelled the pee hit the underside of her breasts and run back down her
body. Once he'd finished David stood and despite Debbie's continued objections,
rubbed the remaining urine into her body until it was only damp. "Now I'm going
to take you to bed and fuck you again."

"No, please, I'm too sore from last time." Debbie guessed her pleas would fall
on deaf ears. Standing up she could feel dribbles of piss running down the
inside of her thighs. David wiped them with his hand and smeared the liquid over
his nipples. He repeated the operation with the piss from his own legs.

Seeing the look of abhorrence on her face David curtly told her to get used to
it, "Dad," he said, "Will probably put his prick between your tits when he
pisses."

Throwing Debbie on the bed he quickly opened her legs and thrust himself in. As
before she felt herself filled with his manhood and cried out as he forced it
hard into her. Her third rape in one evening. It took David longer to cum this
time and when he did, he continued to gently pump his prick back and forth for
some minutes after ejaculation. During this period, Debbie climaxed too, much to
her astonishment. Before she had only cum with her own hand and the once when
Jenny had done it to her.

They lay quiet for a while, David his softening prick still enclosed in her
cunt, his mouth suckling her breasts regardless of the piss taste, Slowly he
withdrew and presented his cock to her closed mouth. He pinched a tit. He
pinched it harder. Debbie cried out through clenched teeth but refused to open
her mouth for him. David resorted to squeezing both breasts as hard as he could
but again, although the pain was excruciating, she managed to keep her teeth
together.

"I'll deal with her, boy!" Debbie looked at the huge man framed in the doorway,
still wearing his shirt and socks but nothing else. In his hand was a wide
leather belt.

"NO!!" she screamed and tried to run but there was nowhere to go and David held
her. She saw Henry rummaging in a drawer and producing several smaller straps
which he flung at David.

"Seems she needs a bit of persuading, just like your mother bitch did," Henry
growled out the remark. David obviously knew what was required of him. Quickly
he fastened a strap to each wrist and ankle and in turn fixed them to the bed
frame with Debbie face down on the bed. All the available pillows were then
pushed under her stomach to elevate her arse nicely to receive the full force of
the belt.

"I warned you about doing as you were told. Now you'll find out why." David
spoke quietly in her ear. Debbie hardly heard, Her body was shaking with fear
and apprehension.

WHAAP! The flat of the belt came down with tremendous force across both cheeks
and the end curled around her thigh. An almost inhuman scream came from poor
Debbie's mouth. Never in her young life had she experienced such pain. Her arse
was on fire, the pain atrocious.

"That's it girlie, squeal. I like it when I make girls scream with pain. And
this is just the start." He raised the belt and again brought it down with
terrible force on the tender flesh. Debbie screamed, struggled, pleaded, begged.
All to no avail. Six times the terrible strip of leather landed causing extreme
pain to the wretched girl as its colourful progress painted the whole of her
bottom from her thighs to her spine a very deep hue.

Her ordeal though was by no means over. Henry climbed on the bed between her
legs and rammed his cock hard into her cunt, paying no heed to her cries as his
hips and hard stomach hit against her tenderized arse. Like his son, Henry took
longer this time but once he came he immediately withdrew and offered the sticky
prick to Debbie's mouth. Almost unseeingly with the tears flowing down her face,
she took it in. Minutes later, Henry stood and left with, "Don't forget, you
still have the washing-up to do."

"Okay, Dad, I'll bring her down in a few minutes." David released the poor
girl's bindings. "Deb, we'll have to go down shortly unless you want another
dose of the strap. I'll do what I can to help you but you must do what I say. I
know what he is trying to do. He is trying to make you into my mother."

David almost had to carry Debbie to the kitchen At David's insistence she tried
to control her crying so as not to disturb Henry who had just settled down to
watch the football match on TV. David did most of the work and told her where
things went. He apologised for his father, "It's just his way," he said and then
added, "It's because of mother," as if that explained everything.

When the clearing up was finished, David took Debbie back to the bedroom
murmuring to his father as they passed, "I'm going upstairs to play with our new
toy." Henry just nodded. Debbie begged him not to hurt or fuck her again. "It's
okay," David replied, "It will be an hour or two before I can get it hard again.
I just want to cuddle and play with you." They lay side by side with Debbie half
on top of David while he played with her tits and rubbed her back.

"David? Did you really do all the things you've done to me to your mother?"
Debbie asked.

"Yes, and much more."

"That's gross. It's incest. I wonder she allowed you to do it and your father
too."

"It's a longish story, Deb, and it wasn't always like this." Deb noticed a
slight catch in his voice before he went on. "It happened when I was fourteen.
The tractor had broken down and father had come back for a part when he noticed
the fertiliser rep's car behind the barn. It was a Sunday and rep's didn't work
Sundays. He crept round and caught mother and the rep shagging. The rep left
with two black eyes and several other bruises. Mother he took into the kitchen
where I was doing my homework. He was very angry as you can imagine. In front of
me her tore mother's clothes off and then ordered me to get some binder twine
from the tool shed. When I brought it, he tied her wrists very tight and the
thin twine cut in but he didn't seem to care. He just fastened the twine to the
hook where the old oil lamp used to hang. He told me to have a good look at my
mother's naked body. I liked my mum and wouldn't have done anything to hurt her
at that time and I was crying to see her in pain but I also got aroused from
seeing her naked. Something I had only glimpsed before.

"Take a good look at this whore," he yelled at me, "She's been rationing my
fucking her while she screwing that arsehole of a rep. Well boy, rationing is
over and we are both going to have our fill of her body whether she likes it or
not." Mother was swearing at him, using language I had never heard her use
before. She called father all the bastards and other names she could think of
until she noticed him take of the leather belt he wore around his overalls. The
same belt he used on you and me too for that matter. "You'll sing a different
tune now whore," father shouted and laid into her with the belt. He hit her
arse, belly, tits, back,  between the legs. All over until she fainted. I cut
her down. Her wrists were bleeding from the twine. As soon as she came round
father, laid her on the kitchen table and had me pull her legs back and open,
same as I did you, and in front of me fucked her hard. She was in such pain that
I don't think she understood too much of what was happening as she just lay
there. I was then told to get my cock out and fuck her like he had. Watching the
sexual activity had of course given me a hard-on and even at fourteen I had a
bigger prick than others in my class, but I hesitated to get it out in front of
my mother and father. Dad growled at me to hurry up or he would belt me too, so
I did and once inside my mother I found the experience enjoyable and wanted it
to continue after I shot my load. "From now on, boy," father said, "Whenever you
get a hard on, go to your mother and give her a good hard fuck. She's just a
whore for us to use."

We took mother to the bedroom, gathered up all her clothes and dad took them
away. All he left were slippers, socks, wellies, overalls and a coat. These
items, apart from socks and slippers he locked away so she couldn't get at them
except by asking him. From then on she only wore her bib and brace overalls when
outside. The bib part covered her from the front but left her tits exposed from
the side. The coat she was only allowed in winter. We've still got her overalls
and stuff so you may end up wearing them."

"Oh God No." Debbie exclaimed realising now that she was going to be kept on
this farm for some time. "You're going to keep me a prisoner until you finish
with me!"

"It won't be so bad if you behave," David went on, "Mother actually said she
didn't mind all the fucking if it wasn't for the thrashings. Dad does go over
the top with the belt." David pulled the girl on top of him, his prick once
again starting to harden as the warmth of her belly pressed on it. He tried to
ignore it and went on with his tale. "From that night onwards the three of us
slept and fucked her on this bed. Not being used to having anyone in bed with
me, certainly not a naked moaning woman who was also my mother, I hardly slept
that first night. Dad though snored away. Sometime in the night, mother got up
which woke dad who shouted when he asked where the fuck she thought she was
going. She wanted a piss. I was ordered to take her there and it was then he
conceived the idea of having us piss together. Dad stood and watched and when
she didn't start to pee, he went for his belt. That started her flow and I found
the sensation of having her warm piss run over my cock quite stimulating
especially as her tits were in my face at the same time. I remember I tried to
suck them but she pushed me away only to receive a lash across her back with the
belt. "Whore," he said, "You let the boy do whatever he likes with you." By the
time I returned to the bed I was hard again and I was ordered to fuck mother yet
again. We all must have slept a little until dad got up with a piss hard on and
started to ram it into her again. Watching him, I too became hard and was told
to, "Put it in the bitches mouth," which I did and enjoyed her sucking me off."

"Will I have to do that too?" Debbie asked already knowing what the answer would
be.

"Of course, and now I think would be a good time to start." Debbie could feel
his hardness against her belly. "It's either that or I turn you over on your
sore arse and fuck you again. You can refuse if you don't mind another dose of
the belt but dad won't like being dragged away from the football so you might
get it a lot worse this time. Sucking doesn't hurt, you know, and you have
already had a little taste of our pricks. I think I'll suck you at the same
time." David swung her round into the classic sixty-nine position and with a
further warning for her to work on his cock and to swallow his spunk, started to
lick and suck at her cunt. Despite herself Debbie became very aroused by his
attentions and climaxed twice while she serviced David.

"It looks like you're beginning to learn girlie." Henry's voice came from the
doorway. "I need a piss now. Get yourself into the loo. It's half time so I have
only a few minutes."

Debbie did as she was told half expecting to sit on his lap as she had David.
"No," Henry said, "You sit down." Gingerly she did so. He placed his half hard
cock between her breasts, pointing downwards. "Squeeze those titties around my
cock." Reluctantly she did as asked and then felt Henry pull her head tight to
his belly button. The smell of warm piss assailed her nostrils as she felt the
liquid flow down her stomach and collect in her groin before most of it found
its was between her thighs and into the pan. Henry's knees pressed tightly
against the outside of her thighs preventing her opening them to allow the piss
to drain freely. "Keep them closed," he demanded as he withdrew from her breasts
and let the final few spurts spray her tits. "Now rub the piss into your body
and let it dry." Disgusted and revolted as she was, Debbie knew that to refuse
would cause more pain. Still damp she went back to David.

"You smell nice," he remarked as she painfully climbed on the bed again, "Did he
do it upwards or downwards?" David went on to explain if his father had an
erection, he would point it upwards when it was between her tits and the piss
would spray her chin and face. David once again pulled Debbie on top of him,
this time face to face and kissed her. Debbie just allowed it to happen. "I like
you Deb, I hope you will stay a while." Debbie thought otherwise and just wanted
to get away as soon as possible and have the pair locked up.

"I won't hurt you Deb," David went on, "I never hit mother. Dad did that. When
he was in a good mood, sometimes there might be several weeks before he belted
her but if the weather was bad and he couldn't work on the farm, she had only to
make the slightest mistake and she was tied down and whipped one side or the
other. If you don't disobey him, the only hurt you might get is when we want to
fuck your arse. Mostly we did that when mum had her period. That's only hurts
the first few times. I know."

"You mean he will want to put to put that prick of his up my bum hole?" Debbie
asked disbelievingly. "It's so big it would permanently damage me. You're not
much smaller."

"I've been having his prick up my arse almost daily now for three years and mine
in his," David pointed out. "Since mum escaped, we've had to use each other for
fucking."

"You're gay?"

"Not really. Only when there is no alternative."

"How did your mother escape?"

"We don't really know. She was doing yard work when she came in shouting there
was a fire in a stack. Both dad and I rushed out and sure enough smoke was
coming from a hay stack. While we struggled to separate the smoking bales, she
must have ran off. We think she actually started the fire and somehow must have
arranged for someone to pick her up from somewhere along the road although
neither of us saw a car. Don't you get ideas of escaping. The punishment could
be terrible. As bad as mother had that first night. Worse if the dog gets you."
They lay in silence for a while. David fondling his new girlfriend, as he now
thought of her. Debbie wondering what else they would do to her and if it was
possible to escape. It would be Monday before Jenny returned to the flat and
would start to worry about her absence and then she wouldn't have any idea where
to look.




Chapter Three. Work

Debbie sweated in the barn. Never before had she done such hard physical work.
Dressed only in bib and brace overalls and wellington boots she was helping
David move sacks of fertiliser on to the trailer. Henry fiddled with the
controls on the spreader and emptied several sacks into the hopper. A short
while later Henry was off to one of the fields. "Have the next lot ready by the
door for when I get back," Henry ordered as they departed.

Moving the sacks went quicker than expected so they returned to the kitchen for
a cup of tea. "I smell like a sewer," Debbie remarked as she removed her
overalls. Sweat now mixed with the dried piss on her flesh.

"You smell lovely. It makes me hard when I smell that smell" He pulled Debbie to
him and squeezed her arse but released her when she cried. "Still sore?" he
enquired.

"What d'ya think? I'll be sore for days after a belting like that. And from
having you rape me so many times." They had both fucked her again that morning
before breakfast.

David again pulled her close and sucked her nipples, which to Debbie's chagrin
quickly became hard. "I do like having you here, darling," David murmured.
Debbie thought, "You're not my darling," but kept her mouth shut. She did
though, start to protest that she was sore when she heard the distinctive sound
of a zipper but a fairly gentle slap on her bruised arse silenced her and she
allowed herself to be bent over the end of the table. She felt David's tongue on
her clit and began to moan. Just as she was beginning to become aroused the
tonguing stopped. "I think I'll try the arsehole this time." David's tongue
transferred it attentions to her brown rosebud.

"NO!!" Debbie stood up and screamed but was held before she could run anywhere.

"You try that in front of father and you'll end up with a thrashing as well as
being arse fucked. Now get yourself bent over the table again." Reluctantly and
with pleas for mercy the girl did so. Using the legs of her overalls, David tied
her wrists to the table legs. She watched as he scraped some bacon fat from the
pan and felt him smear it around her hole. "It will hurt a bit the first few
times but it's easier if you try and relax your muscles a bit. Open up your hole
as though you are taking a shit. I know what it's like."

Further screams came from Debbie as the large prick forced its way passed her
sphincter muscles and slowly made its way up her rectum until she felt his pubic
hair against her arse. "You are really tight. I like that." David started to
pump in and out, slowly at first and then with increasing speed until he spent
his load deep inside her. Leaving his cock inside her arse, David enthused over
the fuck. For Debbie the anal rape was less than enjoyable although she did
begin to accept it once his pre-cum had started flowing. It still hurt. She had
read about girls having it in their arse and just thought it a little strange.
Now she had first hand experience of it and the pain it caused. "How often will
they expect me to have it that way?" she wondered.

"So this is how you spend your time while I am out in the fields working!" With
all Debbie's cries they hadn't heard the tractor arrive back.

"We've moved the sacks so I thought I'd open her bottom a little for us, Dad."

"I saw," Henry answered, "And she seemed a bit reluctant, boy. Perhaps I will
try it now and see what she says about my cock up her arse."

David pulled out and moved his cock in front of her mouth. For a few moment
Debbie thought of refusing to suck but she knew her position bound over the
table would give Henry plenty of excuse to use the belt further. As soon as her
teeth parted, David slid his cock in. Revolting as the taste was, Debbie sucked
it clean.

She felt David, his cock still in her mouth, reach over and grab her by the
tits. She heard the ominous sound of a zipper and felt the head of Henry's prick
at her hole but she couldn't scream because of her mouth being filled with cock.
The pain was almost unbearable as Henry forced his weapon in. Fortunately
David's spunk eased its passage so once in, although it still hurt she felt she
could take it especially if he took it carefully. Henry though had no such
thoughts. He banged her hard and fast until he too came and his cock replaced
David's in her mouth.

"Now the pair of you, get out to the barn and load the trailer." Poor Debbie
could hardly stand but with cum dribbling down the crease of her arse, she
donned the overalls and boots and taking a few last swigs from her half drunk
mug of tea to remove some of the unpleasant taste from her mouth, went to the
barn. David, knowing the pain she was in, did most of the work.

Once Henry was on his way again and they had transferred another load of
fertiliser to the doorway, they sat down on bales in the barn. Debbie, suddenly
overcome by the seemingly hopelessness of her situation, burst into tears once
again. Seeing her plight, David put his arms around her and held her close.
Partially forgetting about the pain he had caused her, Debbie snuggled to him
for comfort. Ten minutes later she had calmed down to ask, "David, what is going
to happen to me? You can't keep me here for ever. People will notice I am
missing."

"Deb dear, I don't know what dad's plans are or even if he has any. To him I
think you are Nancy and live here as his wife. A wife who deceived him. We'll
just have to see how things go. I know you think I am perverted too and perhaps
I am after having been used to having sex in many different ways with mother,
but I will try and protect you. You though must try and do what he says to save
your own skin. You've seen the bruising on my arse from a week ago so I have no
wish for a repeat performance to save yours unnecessarily."

"It must have hurt you when he did the first time?"

"God, yes, especially as at that time he blamed me for mother's escape."

"Tell me."

"We'd better go in and make lunch. We can talk then. Anyway, I need a piss."

"Do you have to do it on me?"

"No, Deb, I don't have to but I like the feeling of having your flesh against my
cock and the sensation of the warm piss flowing between us. Much nicer than
peeing directly in the bowl."




Chapter Four. David's tale

Naked again, she helped David prepare lunch. At least she ate well here. David
went on with his tale.

"That first night after mother escaped was one of terror for me. Dad was in a
foul mood and partially blaming me for what happened. When it was bedtime I
asked whether I was to sleep back in my old bed, something I hadn't done for
years. "NO!" dad roared, "You are to take her place. Undress." I did and he
picked me up and fastened me to the bed with her straps and began to belt my
arse and thighs until I was hoarse with screaming. Then, still with my hands
strapped to the bed-head, he made me get up on my knees and thrust out my arse.
I knew what to expect as I had seen mother in that position many times. Without
any lubrication he forced his prick into my hole and reaching round he gripped
my cock and balls with both hands and pulled me into him as hard as he could on
each thrust until he came. Twice more that night he took my arse. One thing with
men though, his large prick stimulated my prostate and I was able to cum from
his fucking and from the massage his hands gave my cock.

Three nights later, in a better mood he allowed me to enter his arse. I had to
use fat on my cock, same as he now used on me. After we had both used each other
we laid in the sixty-nine position and sucked the other's prick clean. For the
last three years until you came, almost every night and often during the day, we
would have each other's arse."

"Does it still hurt you when he puts it in?" Debbie enquired.

"Not any more. After a week or two it went in quite easily. Oh shit!"

"What's wrong?"

"Didn't get the bread out of the freezer. That'll put him in a bad mood."

Sure enough. It did. "You were so busy fucking girlie here that you forgot all
about your father's dinner." Henry ranted on. "Get your bare arse over the end
of the table boy!" With minimal protest, David did as he was told. "Get up and
sit on his back girlie, so you can see what happens, when your work isn't up to
scratch." Debbie climbed up and sat on David's broad back with her knees tucked
under his arms. She wanted to plead on David's behalf but suspected it would
have only made things worse.

"Crack!" The belt sounded like a rifle as it cracked across both of David's arse
cheeks. David cried out. Three more times Henry laid the wicked belt across his
son's bare bum. Each time David cried out in pain. They were vicious strokes
which quickly coloured up a wide band across the already bruised area. Debbie
was horrified that such cruel treatment would be accorded by a father to his son
just because he forgot to take the bread from the freezer. But the boy's ordeal
wasn't over. Henry took out his prick, and rammed it hard up his son's bum hole
and proceeded to fuck it hard and fast. Debbie noted that it did go in quite
easily but it was also obvious that it caused David a lot of pain when his
father's body hit the whipped flesh. She wondered if talking to David made it
was her fault and if David would take it out on her arse later.




Chapter Five. The end is nigh

Jenny arrived back at the flat she shared with Debbie on Monday evening and was
surprised to find her not there. Not only that, nobody appeared to have been in
since she left to see her sister's new baby. Everything was just as she had left
it. "Either Deb has got herself laid or she's in trouble," thought Jenny.
Picking up the phone she dialed Debbie's mobile number. It rang in the bedroom.
"Damn, she didn't take it with her. Perhaps Alistair will know." Alistair was a
sort of part time boyfriend. More a good friend she took to parties and
concerts. He lived in Southend and she knew he intended to go to the rave but
although he had offered to pick Debbie up, it was quite a bit out of his way so
Debbie decided to make her own way there.

"Alistair, did you meet up with Debbie at the rave on Saturday?" She explained
her feelings to him over the phone.

"No, she wasn't there. I did look for her but although it was crowded I'm sure
she wasn't in the building. I just assumed she decided not to go."

Jenny next tried Suffolk police headquarters at Martlesham to see if she had
been arrested and again drew a blank. The Essex police couldn't help either.
They had no reports of accidents involving a teenage girl and asked if she
wanted her reported missing. Jenny left it for the time being, she might turn up
at college in the morning having shacked up with a boy for the weekend.

No one at college had seen Debbie since the previous Friday. None of the boys
she might have been with was missing and everyone confirmed she had not been at
the rave. Jenny reported her missing to the police. Thursday came and nothing
seemed to be happening. The police seemed to be keeping Debbie's name on file
but not making any enquiries. After several abortive phone calls, Jenny finally
got through to Essex Radio and spent several minutes on air appealing for help
in finding her friend. The appeal was repeated during radio news bulletins
during Friday and on local television news. This did have the effect of stirring
the police to look into the matter more seriously.

The radio broadcast was picked up at Grebe Farm during breakfast on Saturday.
Henry, who had been in a good mood since his thrashing of David, suddenly
changed. "Go and tidy the bedroom, girl!" he ordered. Debbie tried to listen to
what was being said in the kitchen. They were arguing for certain but she was
only able to catch a few words. David she could tell, was opposing whatever his
father wanted to do. The argument raged with Henry furious at his son trying to
argue with him but for some reason hadn't resorted to the belt. Presently it
quietened a little. Footsteps came up the stairs and Henry appeared shotgun
under his arm. Debbie believing he was going to shoot her there and then
screamed at him, pleaded for mercy, pleaded to be allowed to live, promising not
to say anything if she was freed. Henry silenced her with a back hander across
the face. Taking one of the straps from the headboard he bound the girl's wrists
and ordered her downstairs.

"Don't kill her dad. We'll go to prison for the rest of our lives," David was
still trying to prevent her death.

"Only if they find her body, nobody has seen her here. Stop being a wimp and
lets get going." They didn't bother to dress her. Henry poked the barrel of the
shotgun in her back and forced her outside and then had David hold her on the
back of the tractor while he drove it to the 15 acre field he had started to
plough.

Debbie noticed the digger attachment was on the front and correctly had the
feeling it was for her grave. Shakingly she whispered to David, begging him not
to kill her. He said he wouldn't but had to go along with what his father
decided. "You'll get caught and go to prison," Debbie wailed, "Several people
know I came here. The people I had lifts with. The people in the village where I
asked the way. They'll all remember."

"I'll do what I can for you Deb, but he may well turn the gun on me too if I go
too far." Henry kept looking back to see what the pair were up to but couldn't
hear their conversation above the noise of the tractor. "I'm going to loosen the
strap on your wrists Deb, so you should be able to free yourself but for the
moment keep it looking like you're tied." Debbie felt the buckle being undone
and she took the free end of the strap between her fingers to make it appear
tight.

The tractor arrived at a place about a third of the way from one hedgerow and
midway between two others and not far from where Henry had finished ploughing
the previous day. Getting down from the cab he ordered David to operate the
digger. It was only when the gun had been pushed under his nose that David did
as he was told. Debbie could have run but she knew she wouldn't have got very
far. She was naked, barefoot on rough soil. Her only way out she thought was to
get the gun. But how? Henry never allowed her close enough to grab it even if
she had the strength to wrest it from his grasp.

*****

Detective Inspector Clive Marshall was now convinced Deborah Richards was in
trouble and had a fair idea where she might be. Mrs. Bannock had spoken at
length to him giving him all the details of the girl she had taken to Marks Tey,
where she was supposed to be headed and what she expected to find. For once he
was pleased to have a gossip to interview. He was mustering a team from
Colchester to go to Aldham when Mike Fothergill phoned. He had taken the girl as
far as his farm and showed her the way to Grebe Farm. He hadn't actually seen
her since but was sure she hadn't returned back by his place. "A father and son
live there," Mike informed him, "Strange pair, and there was all that talk of
what the old man did to his wife and how she had run away because of sexual
cruelty although nothing came to court over it. He has a shotgun, you know and
he's very good with it."

Clive decided to call for armed response unit back up. Meanwhile Mike drove his
modern tractor as close as he could to the boundary between his property and the
Stavenger's. He arrived on top of a knoll and found a space where the hedge was
more open and watched as his neighbour's tractor stopped in the middle of the
field. Fortunately he kept a pair of field glasses in the cab for bird watching.
Now they came in more than useful. He could clearly see the young naked girl,
and the digger start to work. "Oh my God, they are going to kill and bury her."

Dialing 999 he eventually got through directly to Clive Marshall and described
the scene. The police were still on the A12 and it would be fifteen or more
minutes before they would get anywhere near. "I'll try and get near," Mike said,
"But there is no direct route from where I am to where they are."

"Stay where you are and keep us informed," Clive ordered, "If you disturb them
they might kill her before we get anywhere near. I'll scramble the chopper."
That too, he knew might not arrive in time.

*****

"Get a move on David, we haven't got all day and I want that hole really deep so
the dogs won't smell her and I can get this lot ploughed over." Eventually the
hole was deemed deep enough. "Sorry girlie, time to say your last prayers."
Henry raised the shotgun.

"CRACK!" For a few seconds Debbie knew she had to be dead. There was blood
everywhere.

"Deb! Grab the gun." She opened her eyes and saw David on top of his father, the
gun was to one side. Microseconds before Henry's fingers would have reached it
she'd released her wrist strap and grabbed the weapon by the barrels. Henry
pushed his son to one side and stood up. Both men were covered with blood which
appeared to be coming from David's arm. Slowly Henry advanced on Debbie.

"You're not going to get away with this girlie. Both of you will die now."

Shaking Debbie held the unfamiliar shotgun to her shoulder. "Stop where you are,
Henry. I may not know much about guns but I do know that if I pull both triggers
one of these barrels will fire and if I aim at your balls, you won't rape anyone
else and at this range even I can hardly miss."

"You wouldn't have the guts to shoot me, girlie."

"After the hell you've put me through, I can and I will."

Mike couldn't hear what was being said but he relayed the action to the police.
They were just hoping beyond hope the helicopter would arrive in time.

Debbie backed away as Henry slowly advanced. He knew he had to get that gun or
his life was dead anyway. She was scared of him, that he knew, but would she
have the guts to fire it? There was another noise in the air now that caught
Debbie's attention and she stepped back to look up. Unfortunately her bare foot
landed on a thistle and upset her balance. She fell backwards and the gun went
off but harmlessly in the air. A few pellets did catch Henry but only enough to
cause him to falter in his stride for a few moments. Those moments were long
enough for Debbie to roll out of his way and to swing the gun she now held by
the barrel. The butt caught Henry behind the knees, knocking him to the ground.

Debbie was horrified by the crack as the weapon hit. She knew beyond any doubt,
she had broken at least one leg. The noise of the helicopter now filled the air.
Words came over a loud speaker but she didn't hear or understand them. She stood
very shakily and went to David, still lying on the ground and bleeding profusely
from the shoulder wound he sustained when trying to upset his father's aim.

"Armed police. Drop your weapon!" I haven't got the weapon Debbie thought as she
cradled the barely conscious David.

Turning slightly she saw Henry though had the gun again and was stuffing
cartridges in the breach. "You're not getting away this time," Henry snarled.
"Both of you will die before they get me." He hadn't reckoned on the accuracy of
the police marksman. Just as Henry raised the shotgun there was a single
"Crack". One bullet and Henry was dead. For the second time in a few short
minutes, Debbie thought it was her who was being shot and this time she passed
out, regaining consciousness only when in the helicopter.

The story hit the media big time for a couple of weeks. Debbie was allowed home
later the next day but the wounds to David's shoulder required a great deal of
reconstructive surgery. They allowed him home after two weeks but would need
many more operations before he would be able to use the shoulder fully.

Against police advice, twice Debbie visited him in hospital. They wanted her to
support charges of rape and holding without consent but she refused. He had
saved her life and after the trauma of the inquest on Henry, she didn't want to
go through it all again and worse at a trial.

Although she received counseling, Debbie just couldn't get back to studying. Her
life now seemed very flat and empty. Jenny comforted her to some extent when
Debbie sobbed during the night but she knew it wasn't a woman's hand her friend
wanted.

Six weeks later, Debbie plucked up courage to ask Jenny if she thought Alistair
would drive them to Grebe Farm. "He might, in return for a favour or two from
me," Jenny laughed, "But are you sure you want to return to that place?"

"I have to Jen, He did save my life you know and I want to see how he is."

"And you might want his prick in you again?"

"Maybe, No, Maybe, I don't know. Maybe. I told you that sometimes I liked it, at
least when it wasn't being forced in me." Debbie paused. "Or perhaps sometimes
when it was. I don't know. I think I must see him again and then decide to
either make a break or perhaps continue to see him. But at this stage I don't
want to go alone."

*****

With some trepidation, she pushed open the farm gate. "No dog?" Then she
remembered the RSPCA had taken it away when there was no one at the farm to look
after it and the police were having trouble getting passed to enter the house.
The chickens she had fed were still scratching around. Mike's wife had fed them.
Remembering that Saturday, it seemed so long ago now, she walked to the door.
Again it opened before she was able to knock. This time though the man who
opened it didn't carry a gun but looked pale and drawn, one arm still in a
sling. This time too, she had friends with her but she completely forgot about
them as she flung her arms round David's neck. David held her tightly with his
good arm. They stayed locked together for some minutes before Jenny interrupted.

"Are you going to introduce us Deb or shall we go?"

"Sorry, Jen," Debbie apologised and did the introductions. They went into the
kitchen. It was in a mess. David hadn't bothered too much with cleaning
especially as he had to do it one handed. He wasn't expecting visitors. They had
offered him a care worker but this had been refused mainly because he didn't
want any allegations of improper conduct.

Jenny noticed how pale her friend had become, obviously re-living things that
had happened there. "Do you want to leave?" she asked.

"No, Jen. I've got to come to terms with it. It's just when I see things like
this table, I remember what happened to me on it."

"Do you want to tell us?"

"Not now, maybe when we are back at the flat on our own."

The girls and Alistair cleaned up the place and as they left for a quick tour of
the farm Debbie asked, "Did you remember to get some bread from the freezer,
David?" David's face fell as they both remember the consequences of his
forgetting that last time.

*****

Four months later, David had sold the farm. There was no way he could look after
it on his own with one arm still not fully operational. He bought a cottage
still in the country but nearer to a village and Debbie moved in with him on a
trial basis.

After the first night of relatively gentle love making Debbie knew something was
missing. It was enjoyable but lacked the 'bite' that she had felt when in bed
with Henry and his son. She didn't want the belt but she wanted more domination
and more power behind the fucking. "David," she said quietly and they lay
together in the morning, "If you want to keep me, then you will have to use me
like you did before. Make me do the things the way you really want, any time,
any way but remember, we buried the belt with your father!"



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





