BDSM Library - Cheerleader Picture




Cheerleader Picture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This has everything. The story of a High School cheerleader slowly turned into a bimbo sex slave slut.
Copyright (c) 1994,   Ninja.  ALL Rights Reserved

title: cheerleader_picture [Mf nc older teen]
filename: cheerpic.txt
written: 5-15-94 - 1-6-95
author: Ninja

If you're under 18 you know you shouldn't be reading this - so delete this
and go read something else.

I will not answer requests for reposts or to have it e-mailed. I check to
make sure the entire article made it so if only part of it is here, check back
in 24 hours.

The idea for this story came from a picture recently posted to a.b.p.e.t[een]
of 3 (I assume 18-year old girls although for this story she is 17) girls,
labeled "the cheerleaders at George Washington." The story itself is total
fantasy. If you think this story is perverted and sick - send flame mail to
yourself for reading it.

Copyright (c) 1995 by Ninja. All Rights Reserved. My not be duplicated or
distributed for profit without permission.

*****




Chapter 1 - Introduction

The other day (night actually), while downloading pictures from
a.b.p.e.teen, he discovered one that had pictures of three girls in it. It was
labeled "George Washington Cheerleading Squad" and the three girls were
each lying back, completely naked, and spreading their pussies.
While the girls each had nice bodies, what really aroused him was the
impression the pictures gave. They looked like girls who, on a dare, had
allowed themselves to be photographed naked. The painfully obvious
amateurishness of the poses added to the allure. Because, while each of
these girls thought that one or 2 boys would see them naked, their picture
was now transmitted world-wide.
Paul had a job that was not terribly great. Not terribly bad either. It paid
well, and left him with quite a bit of free time since it barely required his
efforts 40 hours a week. The day after viewing the pictures, and fantasizing
about the girls in the pictures, Paul was driving into work. Shortly after
leaving his house, Paul passed George Washington High School.
While Paul was realistic enough to know that there were probably
thousands of high schools named George Washington, in his fantasies the
girls in the picture went to the GW (as the students referred to it) near his
house. For the next week the girls in the picture remained center stage in
his dreams.
But time moves on and even the most intense fantasies wither with age. A
month later the picture had been replaced by other pictures more recently
downloaded, although it remained on Paul's hard drive. And because of the
passage of time, Paul almost missed it.
Paul went to check out a video at his local store. A new girl was working
there and as she handed Paul his change he suddenly realized, she was one
of the girls in the picture. At least he was pretty sure she was. He was so
startled he dropped his change. After mumbling an apology, he raced home
from the store, pulled up the picture, and looked.
He was sure it was her. But the nagging doubt came back - what were the
odds of this girl being here, where he lived. He printed the picture out and
drove back to the video store. Yes, it was her. He had found his fantasy
girl.
Needless to say, she came back to center stage in Paul's fantasies. Over the
next several weeks he became obsessed with her. Every day he would rent a
video, usually from her. In the course of those weeks they became casual
acquaintances as they would exchange small talk. Her name was Anne and
Paul wanted her more than anything.
As an older man (Paul was all of 24 but that's ancient to a 17 year old),
Anne showed absolutely no sexual interest in Paul. However, he did learn
that she had no serious boyfriends. He also learned one evening that she
had very strict parents, when he overheard her tell a friend that she was
grounded for 2 weeks for swearing.
After a month Paul was desperate. He had to have Anne but it was also
clear that she would never find him interesting. He wasn't ugly or uncouth.
He was just too old to be someone she would become interested in. So, in
desperation, Paul hatched a plan. A plan that would hopefully gain him
Anne's body, although not her love.
In the early afternoon the video store business is exceedingly slow.
Housewives are home waiting for their husbands and the working men and
women are finishing up at work. Many days you won't see a single
customer between 2:30 and 3:30, at least at this store.
So on Tuesday, Paul left work early. And with a clean color print of the
picture of Anne laying back naked, spreading her pussy, went to the video
store. As he had hoped, Anne was the only person in the store. He walked
up to her, smiled, and asked her to look at the picture.
Anne took one look, gasped, and looked at him horror stricken. "Where
did you get this" she asked. "That's not important" he replied. "The
important thing is to insure that your father never sees this."
Anne felt a cold knot of fear grab her stomach - so bad that she half fell to
the floor. If her father saw this her life would be over. This was so far
beyond the things she had been punished harshly for there is no telling
what he would do. She had to insure that her father never saw it.
Paul was getting scared looking at Anne. It almost looked like she might
have to go to the hospital. To reassure her he said "don't worry Anne,
you're father will never see this." She looked up at Paul with such a look of
relief and thankfulness that he almost backed off from what he was going
to do. Almost.
"Anne, I want you to go out with me this Friday" Paul said. This was the
crucial moment - would Anne be willing to date him to keep the picture
hidden from her father. Anne looked up at Paul stunned. She suddenly
realized that he was offering her a trade, a date for silence. "Isn't there
some other way" Anne asked Paul, pleading with tears in her eyes.
God, am I that awful though Paul - well fuck her in that case. "Sure Anne,
I'll just mail a copy of the picture to your Dad and another to the school
principal." At that Anne did start crying sobbing "oh god no, please no,
please please no."
"So I take it we have a date?"
Anne just mutely nodded her head up and down.
"Where should I pick you up?"
Oh no, it couldn't be her house - her Dad would forbid her going out with
a 24 year old man. And she couldn't let her friends see. "How about the
Rose Tavern next to the mall" Anne asked.
"I'll see you there Friday night at 7:00."
With that Paul turned around and walked out. He was ecstatic, he had his
first date with Anne. And Friday was only three days away. Needless to
say, the next three nights were filled with visions of Anne fucking and
sucking him in every way imaginable.




Chapter 2 - Friday night

Friday night and Paul was at their meeting place at 6:30. At 7:15 Anne had
still not shown up. At 7:30 she finally crept in looking nervous and scared.
Paul was pissed at this point, all worked up thinking she had shown him
up.
And to compound matters, she was dressed in jeans and a high-necked
blouse. Hell, she looked sexier some days working at the video store. Paul
got up, grabbed her arm, and hustled her out of the tavern into the parking
lot.
"Why the fuck are you late" Paul hissed.
"My Dad made me stay until we all finished dinner" Anne whimpered.
"And what's this fucking shit you have on?"
"It-its my clothes, its what I wear when I go out."
Paul was pissed, really pissed and lost control. He reached out and slapped
Anne hard - once each way. He was lucky that no one saw him - very
lucky. And suddenly realized that he might have just blown all of his
chances with Anne. And that he could very well have been arrested if the
slap was witnessed.
Anne was in shock. She had never been struck in her life and now, she had
been hit so hard that she had almost been knocked down. But Anne did not
have a lot of willpower. Her father had spent the last 17 years teaching
Anne that she was to follow the rules laid down. Anne looked at Paul and
was very afraid. But she didn't run because she didn't have the willpower
to confront him.
Paul suddenly realized that Anne looked like a deer staring at a car's
headlights. She was petrified and realized what was going to happen to her
if she stayed. But she couldn't run. She just wasn't capable of it. Paul
reached out a hand to caress her cheek. Anne flinched but didn't run. He
caressed her cheek and Anne shivered in fear wondering if, in any second,
the touch would turn into a slap.
Anne's mind was in a whirl. The touch on her cheek felt good. But she was
expecting another slap at any second so her body was scared of it. Her
mind didn't know how to handle equating a caress with the pain of a slap
so it just gave up - and she shuddered with uncertainty.
Paul reached around to the back of Anne's head and held her head so she
was looking straight at him. He got a thrill out of the look of fear in her
eyes. Paul's emotions were on a roller coaster ride too and found that look
of fear the anchor to grab onto. He liked that look, and he was going to use
it.
"When we're out on a date" he hissed, "I expect you to dress sexy." "No
pants, no blouses that hide everything."
"Bu-bu-but I can't go out in a dress. My father won't allow it." "And I
don't have any sexy dresses - I'm sorry but I don't."
Oh god he thought, this is just great. Well what the hell, he made more
money than he spent. He had a reasonable amount in the bank. And he
couldn't think of a better use. "Ok ok Anne" he said pulling her to him and
holding her, "we'll take care of this."
Anne just let go and sobbed and shuddered in his arms. He was the one
who had scared and hurt her. But he was the one now taking care of her
and she needed someone to reassure her. So she clung to him for safety -
safety from him.
"I'll go buy you some clothes."
This actually got Anne excited - new clothes without her mother vetoing
her more daring choices. They turned to go into the mall. Paul with his
arm around Anne.
At the first store they went to, Paul saw dresses he would like to see Anne
in but she kept picking more conservative arrangements. Anne wanted to
be more daring, but she didn't want to advertise slut. But if Paul was going
to spend his money, he was going to get his money's worth.
Finally after telling her no for the fifth time, Paul pulled Anne aside and
told her that he would pick the clothes. When he started to protest he
slapped her very lightly on the cheek - it looked like a love pat to the sales
girl. And with that pat, all the fight went out of Anne.
Paul picked a number of outfits. All of them exceedingly tight. All with
hem lines at most, an inch below Anne's ass. All with necklines that
showed off Anne's breasts. One dress was transparent everywhere. Paul
had her wear one of the skin tight dresses out of the store. And one outfit
was basically slit up the front and back but the slit didn't show if the
wearer wasn't moving - otherwise everything could be seen.
He next took her to an underwear store. "That crap you have on underneath
has to go too" he told her. He didn't even give her a chance to pick in the
underwear store. He picked out some garter belts and patterned stockings.
He also picked out some bras and underwear. All of the bras showed her
nipples and all of the underwear has a split crotch.
Anne looked up at the pile of underthings to try on, started to say
something, and then looking at Paul's face, the fight left her. It was easier
to give in. She went to the dressing room. While she was changing into
one outfit, Paul walked in carrying a corset (he timed it to walk in when
she was naked).
Anne tried to cover herself in front of him. Paul pulled out the picture of
her and asked "if you want to cover yourself up, I can show this to the
salesgirl so she knows what you look like. Or you can end this Bullshit and
start changing."
Anne turned and tried to hide as much as possible while trying on the
panties and bra. However, Paul made her stand up and turn around
showing him the outfit. He continued for each additional outfit, having
Anne stand up, and directing her through different poses.
With each outfit the poses got more obscene. Until Paul had her leaning
back, spreading her pussy lips. He then pulled out the picture and got her
to exactly mimic her pose from the picture, commenting on how dirty she
looked.
Anne felt totally beaten down and used. Paul was making her act like a
complete slut. And yet she was a virgin. She had only posed for the picture
because everyone made fun of her for being the one cheerleader to chicken
out. And now she was showing Paul her pussy and pushing out her tits
toward him. God she wanted to die.
Paul then had her change into a corset and it seemed too big - at least he
said so. He then asked the sales girl to come in and check it. The sales girl
looked at Anne a little strange and Anne just wanted to crawl up and die.
She moved her hands to cover her tits and pussy.
"Put your hands down little girl" Paul said. "The corset seems too loose to
me, do you think we should go one size smaller or 2?" The sales girl put
her fingers between the corset and Anne's skin and said "depends on how
tight you want it." Anne felt like an object on display being handled by the
sales girl.
"Ok, we'll take all of this and the smaller corset. But leave this garter belt
and stockings and panties for her to wear." The sales girl walked out and
Anne changed into the remaining underclothes, black mesh stockings, a
black garter belt, and black crotchless panties.
Then as she pulled the dress on Anne realized that the dress wouldn't
reach the stocking tops. She just couldn't go out like this. Meanwhile Paul
had picked up all of her other clothes and walked out to pay. Anne had no
choice. She walked out to Paul and told him that the stockings weren't
covered.
"I know - I like you this way."
"But I can't go out like this."
Paul didn't argue, he just grabbed her arm and walked her out. Needless to
say, almost everyone in the mall looked at Anne who looked like an
absolute gorgeous piece of jailbait. But Anne didn't see that. She had her
head down because she was too embarrassed to look up. They must all
think I'm a filthy tramp she thought.
They reached Paul's car and drove to a nearby nightclub. With Anne's
looks they weren't about to card her. So they went in to dance. Every slow
dance Paul danced with Anne and told her how she looked so hot, so sexy,
and so slutty.
And with each comment Anne felt worse and worse. She wasn't a slut, she
couldn't be. And her mind became even more confused because Paul held
her close and danced slow which had always meant a boy cared for her
before. And he held her like he cared for her. But he kept telling her she
was a slut.
And during the fast dances they would sit at a table in the back. And Paul
would talk to her as though she was his girlfriend. Nice, caring comments
and questions. Anne felt totally pulled apart. The hormones had been
hitting her for several years now but she hadn't yet really fallen in love
with anyone. She had discussed sex with her girlfriends but she didn't
really understand it. She had nothing to use as a reference point.
And here was this older man who was kind and caring one minute, and
told her she was an absolute slut the next. And he was always holding her
close as he called her a slut. The holding felt so good, but the words made
her feel so low. And with her mind overloaded, Anne stopped thinking.
She held Paul back while dancing. She listened to his words. She kissed
him back. And she shook with shame as he whispered in her ear.
"You are such a little slut" he told her. "Look at you here in your tight
dress showing off your body to everyone in the club. No wonder you spread
your pussy for those pictures. A slut like you has to show her pussy to
everyone. Can you imagine all of the men in here looking at your legs,
looking at your garters, and dreaming about throwing you down on the
ground and fucking you. You'd like that wouldn't you little slut, having all
of these men standing around your naked body jacking off and cuming on
you."
"N-n-no - please don't say that" she sobbed. Anne buried her face in Paul's
shoulder and sobbed quietly. She hung on to him because she needed to
hide and pressed against Paul she could at least not look at the others in
the club. She felt so cheap. She really did look like a slut dressed the way
she was. But she wasn't a slut she kept telling herself, she wasn't.
Finally it was approaching time for her curfew, She had to be home or she
wouldn't be allowed out for two weeks. Paul was no dummy. When she
mentioned the curfew, he took her out to the car. Once they were in the car
he had her get out of her new clothes.
Before he let her dress in her old clothes, Paul insisted that Anne kiss him.
Anne was scared. Here she was, naked in a car with a man who had told
her she was a slut, and he wanted a kiss. She held back and put her arms
up.
Paul reached over and pulled her to him. "Kiss me or you're going to have
to do a lot more" he told her. She put her lips up and felt his tongue
pushing at her mouth. She let her mouth open for his tongue.
Jesus, she isn't using her tongue or putting her arms around me thought
Paul. He backed off and slapped her face again. While not as hard as the
earlier one, it did hurt. All the emotions were too much, Anne started
sobbing. Paul lifted her head up and made sharp taps on her cheek while
telling her "when I kiss you you use your fucking tongue and put your arms
around me slut." "Now do I need to slap you again?"
Anne slowly moved her arms around Paul and he mashed his lips down on
hers. They kissed with tongues intertwining and arms around each other.
Paul fully dressed and Anne naked and crying in shame. Paul broke the
kiss and told Anne "you kiss like a slut but only a slut would be kissing on
a first date naked in the parking lot."
Paul enjoyed the feeling of holding a naked Anne in his arms. A naked
Anne who was crying her heart out. It felt so good to feel her body shudder
in his arms. Her naked body, so firm and fresh felt so desirable under his
hands and arms. While he couldn't go too far, he didn't want to scare her
off, just feeling her breasts pushed against his shirt, and caressing her
back, was more of a turn-on than any woman Paul had ever fucked.
Anne acted like she had been slapped again as Paul kissed her again. Paul
loved it, the naked body in her arms, Anne's body shaking with fear and
shame, and the salty taste of the tears running down her face. Finally Paul
relented. "Get dressed" he said.
Paul then drove toward Anne's car as she got dressed. He handed her one
of the new outfits as she got out and told her to meet him at his house
tomorrow afternoon for their next date. Anne looked at him in shock. She
couldn't do this. Not anymore.
"By the way, I mailed a picture to your father today. Make sure you wait
for the mailman tomorrow first and get the envelope out of the mail."
Anne's face went white with fear. "Oh, and I do know his business address
if I ever want to make sure he gets the picture." He drove off laughing as
Anne hurried home, knowing she would spend the entire day waiting for
the postman. And then she would go to Paul's house - she really didn't
have any choice.
And Paul spent the night reliving the feeling of holding the naked scared
delicious Anne in his arms.




Chapter 3 - Saturday afternoon

Anne spent the entire morning sitting in her room, looking out the window
at the mailbox. When the postman pulled up, she ran for the mailbox,
ignoring the call from her mother. She grabbed the mail and there it was, a
large envelope to her father from Paul. She folded it and stuffed it into her
pants and took the rest of the mail in.
She took the rest of the mail in to her mother, and after some small talk,
went up to her room and opened the letter. Inside was a picture as well as a
letter from Paul explaining that the pictures had been Anne's idea, that she
had forced the other girls to pose too, and afterward she had fucked half
the football team.
Oh god, if her father had opened this. She would rather die than let that
happen. Paul was treating her like dirt, but he hadn't even tried to fuck
her. In fact, he hadn't even felt up her tits. It was an easy choice.
So at 2:00 she drove off to meet Paul. She stopped in a deserted parking lot
and changed from the clothes she had left the house in to the outfit Paul
had left with her. The skirt seemed to have a hundred short petticoats that
caused the top to flounce out at almost 90 degrees. Yet it was so short that
again, you could see her stocking tops.
This time the stockings, panties, and skirt were all white. And the top was
a lace ribbon that wrapped around her tits, leaving a little view of both the
top and bottom of each breast. And finally there were little white socks and
5" stiletto heels to complete the combination.
Anne looked in the mirror and saw a stranger, half whore, half virgin,
looking back at her. She couldn't go through with this - she wasn't a slut.
But then she saw the envelope and realized she had no choice. Beaten
down by Paul before she had even arrived at his house, she pulled out of
the parking lot and headed toward his house.
At 2:30 the bell rang at Paul's house. He opened the door and there was
Anne, looking at the floor, scared of what he was going to do. Anne
walked in and just stood in the center of the floor. Paul smiled, this was
going to be easy he thought.
"Well Anne, I asked you here because I want to take some pictures of you.
That one just isn't enough for me. But this will be a little unusual for a slut
like you, I want to take pictures of you with your clothes on."
At the mention of keeping her clothes on, a wave of relief swept over her.
She actually felt thankful toward Paul for letting her stayed dressed. And
he had called her a slut but she had posed naked for the picture at that
party.
So for the next half hour Paul took photos of Anne in her different outfits.
And each outfit and pose was more and more suggestive. Until finally
Anne was posing in the see-through dress so you could see her tits and cunt
through the fabric. And then, when changing out of the transparent dress,
Paul reached out to Anne and had her stop, dressed in just stockings,
panties, and half bra.
"I want some pictures of you like this" he told her. Anne just nodded, it
didn't seem much different to her and she was now used to being told how
to pose and what to wear. So she posed, first standing, then leaning back,
and finally, as in the original picture, laying down and spreading her
pussy.
Paul then had her pose in her different sets of underwear, each time
placing her in more and more lewd positions. And all the time
complimenting her on how she looked so beautiful, the most beautiful slut
she had ever seen. Telling her how gorgeous her cunt and tits were.
And Anne listened to it all getting even more confused. Paul was
complimenting her and saying everything nicely. And he obviously though
she was beautiful. But he found her beautiful because she looked like a slut.
Anne couldn't separate the two. She wanted to be beautiful and appreciated
and if looking like a slut was how men appreciated her, then she would do
it. So she continued to pose, enjoying Paul's' comments about her beauty
and trying to ignore the ones about her sluttishness.
After the last set of pictures Paul sat down next to Anne with a vibrator in
his hand. Anne had never seen one before although she had an idea of
what it was used for. She suddenly panicked. "Please don't put that in me,
I'm a virgin. Please Please don't" she sobbed. "I'm saving myself for when
I get married.."
Paul quickly reassured her that nothing was going in her pussy. "I know
what you want" he told her. "You're a slut and slut's want to cum. This
will help you cum. I'll show you how."
Paul then proceeded to turn on the vibrator and use it on Anne's clit. Anne
had touched herself a couple of times before but it had always been very
fast, with major feelings of guilt. Now her clit was feeling things it had
never felt before. And all the time Paul was whispering that this was all
good. That she should feel this way.
Anne's first climax hit her before she understood what was happening.
And a second rapidly followed the first. Paul kept working her clit with the
vibrator as climax after climax cascaded through Anne's body. She had
never felt anything like this before. All other thoughts were lost as Anne
luxuriated in the afterglow of the most awesome orgasm she had ever felt.
Nothing else mattered.
After about 5 minutes Paul figured she could pop again, so he started in on
her clit again with the vibrator. Anne immediately started panting, staring
at Paul as though he was a god. The fact that she could have another
orgasm was beyond belief. All the repressed emotions in a young 17 year
old girl who had never really had an orgasm before bubbled to the surface.
Paul moved Anne's hand to the vibrator and had her use it on herself. He
then got up and grabbed the camera and started taking pictures. Anne was
totally oblivious to the pictures, totally focused on bringing herself to
another orgasm. Anne again hit a string of orgasms and Paul captured her
in the throes on film.
After another 15 minutes, Paul decided to bring her off one last time. He
had Anne use the vibrator and after she was real worked up, he grabbed the
smallest butt plug the local sex shop had, and already greased up, started
pushing it up Anne's ass.
Anne jumped when she first felt the plug. Its ok Paul assured her, its just a
small plug to make you feel good down there. "Trust me" he said.  Anne
realized it did feel sort-of good pressing lightly against her ass, and she
didn't want to stop the vibrator. So she continued and Paul, ever so gently,
pushed the plug in and out, just a little.
As Anne neared orgasm, Paul pushed the plug in and out further and
further until, as Anne peaked, he pushed the plug all the way in. Once
again Anne hit a string of cums, made even more intense from the plug in
her ass.
As Anne laid there, all worn out, Paul got the most tremendous hard-on of
his life. At 17, Anne's young body was still firm and fresh. And there is
virtually nothing more erotic than the view of a woman, totally worn out
from cumming repeatedly, lying back totally open.
"You know" Paul said, "I helped you cum. And now I need help to take
care of my problem."
Anne looked up at him fearfully. Oh god no she thought. Please I can't do
this. I won't have sex with him, not even if he shows the picture to my
father. I just can't do it.
Paul saw the abject fear in Anne's eyes which turned him on even more.
God he would love to just jump on her and rape the shit out of her. But if
he did that she would probably run and never return, pictures or no
pictures.
"Relax slut, I'm not going to fuck you." Relief poured through Anne's
body. "I just want you to jack me off." "To a little slut like you a hand job
should be nothing."
Anne tentatively reached up for Paul's crotch and started rubbing his cock
through his pants.
"Not like that, pull it out." "Don't you want to feel my cock in your hand."
Anne pulled her hand back and Paul, desperate to cum, opened his pants
and pulled his cock out. He then grabbed Anne's hand and wrapped her
hand around his cock. "Start jerking it."
Anne started moving her hand up and down his cock, looking as though
she was scared it might bite her. This was actually her first view of a cock
and it scared her.
Paul stroked Anne's hair while talking to her. "You are such a pretty little
slut. Do you like jacking my cock? I'm going to squirt my cum all over
your face. Bet a little slut like you would like that. Playing with your clit
and covered with cum - that must be your fondest dream."
Anne looked up at Paul shaking her head no, with a pleading look on her
face, whispering "no, no, no I'm not. Please god no."
"What's the matter slut, my cock isn't good enough for you?" Paul angrily
jerked Anne over his lap, face down, ripe for spanking. Before Anne
realized what was happening Paul was spanking her butt as hard as he
could with one hand while holding her down with the other.
"Oh god no, please don't, please stop" Anne wailed.
"Fuck you slut. I made you cum god knows how many times and now you
say you're too good to jack me off. Your nothing but a little piece of slut-
meat." Paul continued to nail her butt. Anne's smooth stomach on Paul's
legs and cock felt absolutely delicious. And her ass was so smooth and firm
it just begged for more swats.
Anne finally gave up fighting and just sobbed in pain and humiliation as
Paul whipped her. It hurt, it hurt so bad. And the thought of being paddled
naked, with Paul's prick poking insistently into her stomach, mad her feel
like a complete slut. This did not happen to nice girls. Nice girls did not
play with themselves, especially in front of men. Paul was right, she was a
slut.
Finally Paul could stand it no longer, he was about to burst. He pulled
Anne off of him and dumped her on the floor. "Jack me off now bitch" he
screamed.
Anne jumped to comply jacking his cock. Almost immediately it started to
shoot, the first 2 shots landing on Anne's surprised face, before she pointed
Paul's cock away.
"On your face slut" Paul yelled, turning his cock back toward Anne's face,
covering it with jism. God she looked beautiful there, totally humiliated at
his feet, with her face covered with his cum. "Rub it in" he said.
Anne didn't understand. She looked up at Paul wanting to know what he
meant.
Paul grabbed Anne's hands and pulled them up to her cheeks. "Rub the
cum into your skin. All sluts rub the cum in cause they like it so much."
Anne just looked at him - she couldn't do that. The stuff was yucky, she
needed to wash it off.
"Do it now" he screamed standing up and towering over her, looking like
he was about to hit her.
Anne started rubbing the cum into her face. By the time she was done there
was an even coating all over from her forehead to her chin. Anne felt like a
complete slut now, totally covered with cum.
"Now lick your hands clean."
Anne shuddered in disgust and then brought her hands up to her mouth
and licked the cum off of them. She was a slut and sluts licked cum off of
their hands. She started to cry as she realized what she looked like now,
covered with cum, naked, kneeling in front of Paul, licking the cum off of
her hands.
Paul stood Anne up and dressed her in the clothes she had worn from
home, leaving the butt plug in. He then handed her the vibrator. "Every
night and every morning I want you to use this" he told her. Anne looked
at Paul and nodded. She was a slut and sluts used vibrators. Besides, it felt
so good.
"And another thing, that butt plug stays in you except when you shit. I'll
be checking and if its out you will get one hell of a spanking." Again Anne
nodded. She had actually forgotten it was there although with his
reminder, now she was acutely aware of it.
"I'd kiss you good-bye but you would taste of cum you little slut." And with
that Paul pushed Anne out the door of his house.
Anne suddenly realized that she was standing out in public, holding a
vibrator. If someone saw her they might get the wrong idea. Then she
suddenly realized, no it would be the right idea. She was such a slut Paul
wouldn't even kiss her good-bye. She cried so much on the way home she
could barely see the road.




Chapter 4 - the next 3 weeks

Anne's father would only let her go out one night each weekend. And
Sunday day was for church. So for the next several weeks Anne and Paul
fell into a routine.
Each morning and each night Anne would use her vibrator to cum. She
said to herself that it was only because Paul made her. But she knew better.
Paul would never know if she didn't do it. The truth was that it felt good
and she liked it. So she did it. But because her parents had told her sex was
bad, and because Paul was "making her" masturbate, Anne's mind then
decided she was a slut when she masturbated.
And every day Anne wore the butt plug. Well, every day except that first
Monday when she had "forgotten" it. And Paul showed up at the video
store that Monday. Before Anne could say anything he turned her around
and felt her asshole. When he felt no butt plug he locked the store doors,
dragged her to the back office, pulled down her pants, and used his belt to
whip her ass.
Anne begged for forgiveness the entire time while Paul never said a word.
Finally, when all of Anne's ass was bright red, Paul let her go and she
tumbled to the floor. "We can do another hundred or we can have just 6
more, which will it be" he asked her.
Anne looked up at him in bewilderment. "No more, please no more" she
managed to plead between sobs.
"6 or 100, pick or I'll choose for you - pick now." he shouted.
"6, oh god just 6 more please" she begged.
"Fine, then stand up and put your hands against the wall. Push your butt
out and ask me to whip you. For 100 I'll hold you down. For 6 you have to
hold yourself in place and beg for each one."
Oh god Anne thought, I can't do this. But she started getting up because no
matter what she had to do, she just couldn't survive another 100 hits from
the belt. She leaned against the wall with her hands supporting her.
Paul adjusted her until she had "assumed the position." Hands up high on
the wall, legs out and apart, butt arched out to meet the whip. "Oh and one
more thing. If your hands come down, or your butt isn't sticking out for
any one hit, we start over."
Anne closed her eyes and gritted her teeth. Somehow she had to get
through this. No matter how much it hurt, 6 was a lot less than 100. So
motherfucking much less that she would freeze in place no matter what.
She would hold on no mat--- Anne suddenly realized that Paul was talking
to her. She had been concentrating so hard that she had blocked him out.
The pain was so bad, god her butt was on fire. It had to be bleeding, it just
had to. In fact, it felt like there was a fire down there, but that couldn't be.

But the pain was just so bad. Wait, what was Paul saying. Oh yes, she had
to beg to be whipped. How could she beg for something that hurt so much.
She was standing here, wasn't that enough.
Suddenly Paul reached out to her to pull her over his lap to give her 100
strokes. No, not that, please not that. "Please whip my ass, please do it, oh
god please don't whip me 100 times, please whip my ass." She said
frantically. She was begging him to whip her. The real source of the
begging was to avoid the 100 strokes but the words coming out of her
mouth were begging Paul to whip her ass. Her ass that was already on fire.
The first one hit and Anne screamed. She couldn't take this anymore. Yet
she kept babbling, "please whip my ass, please whip it, oh god please." A
part of her stepped outside her body and observed. There she was, arched
out against the wall to meet the belt, begging for a whipping. What kind of
slut was she. There were girls at school that put out for all of the guys, but
even they would turn their noses up seeing her like this. Slut was too good
for her, she was complete scum.
And the picture she made in her mind, combined with the pain from the
belt, cause her body to heave with sobs as she cried her heart out. Finally
the last stroke ended and Paul picked her up and held her. For the next half
hour her sobs slowly subsided, while, the entire time, Paul just held her
and told her how much he loved her.
And she grasped on to that love to pull her back up from the pit her mind
had sunk into. The mind and body can only take so much and Anne's had
been overloaded with pain and degradation. She needed a rope to pull her
out and Paul's love and caring was that rope.
She started to hold on to him, and then to hold him so tightly that it hurt.
She held on to Paul for dear life and sobbed her heart out. She was lower
than a slut, and her ass was on fire. But it was ok because Paul loved her
and would take care of her. Her mind pushed away the fact that Paul
caused all of this because she needed a rescuer.
And Paul, he got to spend a half hour holding a naked Anne while she
came to hold him tighter and tighter. Such a lovely young body and it was
all his, to use any way he wanted, as long as he was careful.
Anne made it through the rest of work that day by being very careful to not
let her ass touch anything. And she was very careful from then on to have
the butt plug in her ass every day.
On either Friday or Saturday night Paul would take Anne dancing. Each
time she would wear slutty, revealing clothes and during the slow numbers
Paul would whisper in her ear what a slut she was and how much everyone
wanted to fuck her.
When they sat down Paul would always make her sit with her legs spread
so that anyone looking under the table could see her pubic hair. As the
night went on he would make her spread her legs wider and wider till,
toward the end of the evening, her legs would be fully spread and anyone
who looked knew she was flashing them on purpose. And much to Anne's
dismay, many looked.
Each Saturday afternoon Anne would pose for Paul's camera. She would
model the clothes and use the vibrator and butt plug. The second Saturday
Paul brought out a video camera. At first Anne refused but when Paul
showed Anne the new collection of pictures for her father, she relented.
Paul had Anne face the camera while using the vibrator and tell the camera
what a slut she was. How she liked playing with her clit and loved to get
off. And then he filmed her bringing herself to orgasm time after time.
And at the end of each session, Anne would jack Paul off onto her face and
rub the cum into her face. So Anne always left knowing that she was a
complete and total slut. This was her life and the human mind can adapt to
a lot, so Anne came over the next few weeks to accept this as her natural
life.




Chapter 5 - a Haircut

About a month later Anne arrived at Paul's house for their regular
Saturday afternoon session, which would be followed by the evening out.
By this time Anne was actually looking forward to the sessions. Paul would
drag her through the dirt verbally but in the course of that trip, she would
cum ever harder than when she took care of things in her own bed at home.
So she walked in and started to remove her leather skirt. But Paul stopped
her. "We're going out" he informed her.
"But why" Anne whined. She was looking forward to the session and
didn't want to give it up.
"Because your pussy is too hairy. I want to get the hair removed.. Sluts
don't have hair on their pussy - its bald so that everyone can see their hot
cunt."
"Go out, I don't understand. And I can't shave my pussy, girls just don't
do that."
Paul sighed. "Do we have to go through this again? I can show you the
video tape I've made for your father, pull you across my lap, and spank
your ass till its hotter than the sun. And then you'll go. You know it. I
know it. Besides, your a slut. We both know it. And sluts aren't supposed
to have hair on their pussy."
Anne acted as though each sentence from Paul was him hitting her. Yes
she would do it. Yes she was a slut. She didn't have any choice. Anne
dropped her head as she realized her total lack of control over her body.
"ok" she whispered and turned to go.
"Just a minute. Just because you realize you have no choice now doesn't
excuse your telling me no before. You have to be punished don't you."
Anne looked up at Paul and nodded very slightly yes.
"Don't you" Paul said with a large threat in his voice.
"Yes" Anne said, fearful of Paul.
"Pull your skirt up and assume the position. Oh, and don't cry because we
are going out immediately after the spanking and I'm not giving you time
to fix your makeup."
Anne leaned against the wall and arched her back.
"Beg for it."
"Oh please Paul, whip my ass. I'm sorry I said no, please forgive me,
please do--- AAAGGGH, OH GOD IT HURTS SO MUCH, NOT ANO---
OOOOWWWWWHHH, DEAR GOD DEAR GOD I'M SORRY I'M SO
SORRY, PLEASE FORGIVE ME. I'm sorry I'm sorry please forgive me,
oh please I'm sorry."
"Tell me you love me and beg for another. Do it NOW."
"Oh Paul, I'm sorry, I love you please don't, oh please don't, I love you, I
love you, I love you, I'm sorry, pleas--- AAAGGGHHH, OH GOD IT
HURTS SO MUCH, OH GOD PLEASE DON'T, PLEASE PLEASE
PLEASE I BEG YOU, I LOVE YOU PAUL."
"You said please don't so that one doesn't count" he told her grinning.
This was the first time she had said she loved him, and it was while he was
whipping her. Definitely a strong foundation for their future. "Beg for it or
it'll go a lot worse for you, and tell me how much you love me - slut."
"Oh Paul I love you, I do love you. I know I'm just a slut but I love you.
Please spank me, please please span--- AAAAAGGGGGHHHH OH GOD
OH GOD OH GOD, IT HURTS, IT HURTS SO BAD, ITHU---"
"Tell me that you love me slut."
"OH GOD I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU PAUL. IT HURTS SO MUCH I
LOVE YOU. I love you I love you it hurts oh god it hurts."
"Beg slut."
"Please whip my ass, please whip it. Whip your slut's ass, I love you so
much and I want you to whip my ass, plea--- AAAGGGHH OH GOD I
LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU. PLEASE PLEASE OH GOD
please don't - don't, oh god I love you."
And with that Anne turned and threw herself on Paul holding on to him
and with sobs wracking her body kept repeating "I love you, I love you."
Paul held her until the sobs receded. Then kissed her on the lips pulled her
skirt down, and pulled her out the door to her car.
After driving a bit Paul pulled over and showed Anne 6 packages. They
were all the same size and addressed to her father at his work address, her
school's principal, the local newspaper, and the 3 local TV stations. He
then explained what was in the packages, a collection of the best photos he
had taken as well as 2 hours of the best scenes he had shot on video tape.
Anne was scared. This was much worse than the original photo. This
would show the world that she was a full-fledged slut. And with the
information going to the principal and news media, the word would get out
all over town. She wouldn't be able to live if this happened. Oh god, what
was Paul going to do to her.
Paul then laid it out. "We're going to a beauty salon to have your pubic
hair removed. They will do what you tell them to do. If at any time you tell
them to stop, they will stop and there is nothing I can do to make them
continue. You get to decide what happens.."
"However, if at any time you tell them no, or don't answer any question the
way I tell you to, I will leave immediately and mail these packages. There
is no second chance. If the women in this store think anything funny is
going on they will probably refuse to continue and may even call the cops.
So you can't disagree with me and then immediately change your mind to
make it right - one screw-up and you become the front page story for this
town."
With that Paul grabbed Anne by the chin and held her face about 2 inches
from his. "Do you understand my little slut - one fuck-up and the whole
town gets to see what a slut you are. Do you understand me my little
whore?"
Anne, totally afraid now, both about the packages and afraid of Paul
nodded her head up and down and said "yes." She didn't know which was
worse, an angry Paul or the packages mailed out. But she didn't want
either to happen.
"Another thing, this will hurt. Not anyway near as much as when I spank
you but it will hurt. You can cry and ask me to hold you. But you must
endure it until they are done. You got that?"
Anne just nodded. Whatever he wanted, she was not going to cross him
right now. Not with those packages waiting to be mailed.
"Finally, we need to remove your butt plug. The people working at this
salon might not want to touch you if they realize what a slut you are. And
only a real cunt walks into a salon and shows the world her butt plug.
Anne blushed and realized that she would have done just that. The butt
plug had become so much a part of her life that she had forgotten it. God
what a slut she was if she would show people that. She really was
becoming quite a slut. Oh god help her.
Paul then pulled back into traffic and drove the rest of the way to the salon.
They went in and Paul informed the receptionist that they had an
appointment. They were shown to a private back room where the girl
showed Anne a chair to sit in. Anne removed her underwear and skirt as
instructed and laid back in the chair, spreading her legs.
The stylist walked in and started getting the electrolysis equipment ready.
You understand that this will hurt she told Anne.
Anne nodded and said "yes, I do."
"Now, what exactly do you want taken off?"
Anne looked at Paul with a question on her face.
"All of it, isn't it dear?" Paul said to Anne.
"Yes, all of it" Anne said to the stylist.
The stylist looked at Anne a little strange but started to work. It hurt Anne
every time the needle went in and every time it zapped. She held on to
Paul's arm and gritted her teeth. But as time went on (it takes a long time
to remove an entire bush) the pain moved into a dull constant in the
background.
Anne started to think about how she looked. Lying there with her legs
spread letting another woman work on her cunt. And when she was done,
she would have no pussy hair - ever. Boy, she would really look like a slut
then. In a way she couldn't hide. Anyone who saw her naked would knew,
she was a slut.
The funny thing, thinking of how this was marking her as a slut, combined
with the constant pin pricks, was actually arousing her. Not a mind-
blowing orgasm kind of arousal but it was putting her mind on sex. And on
sex that degraded her as a slut. And that was getting her worked up.
And then she suddenly realized, the stylist working between her legs would
see the juices leak out of her cunt. Hell, she would smell it. And then she
would realize that Anne was getting turned on by this. The thought was too
awful to bear. But Anne found herself getting even more turned on by the
thought of this woman knowing what a complete slut she was.
About this time the stylist was moving up to remove the hairs around
Anne's clit. This got Anne worked up even more. Paul noticed first
because of Anne's clutching of his hand. My god he thought, the whore's
getting off on this.
The stylist noticed next. This little tramp is actually enjoying this. I just
hope she doesn't cum on my hand, oh yech.
But Anne was getting closer and closer, and suddenly, a zap of a hair at the
base of her clit put her over the edge. Anne tried to hide it but couldn't.
The stylist stopped and both Paul and the stylist stopped and watched Anne
orgasm.
Anne then sank back in her chair totally mortified. "Sorry about that" Paul
said. "I'm afraid she is a bit of a tramp. I'm really really sorry about this."
"I can't work on a woman like this" the stylist said, standing up and
looking disgustedly at Anne.
"Please reconsider. She's almost done and if we have to go elsewhere then
another stylist has to put up with the same reactions. She's done now so
you should be able to complete the job before she gets out of control again."
Anne tried to sink deeper into the chair. Oh god, how could she have had
an orgasm right in front of this stranger. What kind of woman was she.
She really was a slut. She just wanted to crawl in a hole and die. Yet her
she was, lying back with her legs spread for this stranger.
"We don't want to leave here with the job incomplete, do we" Paul said to
Anne.
Anne suddenly realized what Paul meant. They couldn't leave yet or he
would mail the packages. Oh my god no. "Please finish it" she begged the
stylist. "I'm really really sorry. I won't do it again. Please forgive me." God
she wanted to die, pleading with the woman to continue removing her hair,
apologizing for cuming on her ministrations.
"Ok, I'll finish up the job, but no more enjoying it you little whore" the
stylist said, contempt dripping from her voice. "I'm not gay and I'm not
getting paid to get you off. So hold still and try to behave as a lady would -
although god knows no lady ever had all of her pubic hair removed."
Anne felt like dirt. This woman was right. She was not a lady anymore, not
by any stretch of the imagination. She was a whore, getting off on the
hands of another woman. Oh god, how had she become so sick.
The stylist was in a hurry now, jabbing faster and deeper to get the job
done quicker. But it caused Anne's excitement to build up again. Anne
grabbed Paul's arm and looked up at him with pleading eyes. Help me she
thought, help me not enjoy this.
Paul looked down and realized that she was getting off again. The
combination of the fear and the stylists utter contempt were building her up
even faster. He actually needed to do something if they were going to
complete this job. Paul slapped Anne firmly.
The shock, both of the slap itself, and being slapped in front of this woman
who considered Anne a dirty slut broke the building orgasm. Thank you
Paul, thank you thank you thank you she thought, looking up at him.
The stylist looked back at Anne's pussy, but hesitated.
"I'll pay you a $500.00 tip if you finish the job" Paul said. "And I'll do my
best to get her to behave. Please finish this, I know she's a slut but I love
her and she wants this."
Anne couldn't believe her ears, Paul was blaming it all on her. Of course,
it was her fault that she was cumming. And if she was a slut, then she did
have to get her pussy hair removed she guessed. Maybe it was all her fault.
No it couldn't be. It was all Paul's fault.
But she glanced down at the stylist and saw the utter contempt in her eyes
for her. The stylist knew she was a worthless tramp. The stylist thought
Paul was a nice guy. Maybe the stylist was right. After all, the stylist was
grossed out by Anne's cuming and wasn't that the reaction a normal
person would have.
But here she was, getting all excited again. In fact, she wanted to cum. She
didn't care if the stylist saw her cum. In fact, she wanted to be seen. She
wanted the stylist to look at her with utter contempt, convinced she was a
complete slut. Just the thought of the other woman's reaction had Anne
building up.
Paul saw what was happening. She was getting off again. He slapped her
face. But this time Anne expected it and it just furthered her debasement.
He slapped her again and again. Anne kept looking up at him with a the
blank look of someone building towards an intense cum. Each slap seemed
to build the cum.
Anne couldn't stand it any longer. The slaps, the jabbing of the needle, the
thought of how she looked, only a pig could get off on this. The thought of
enjoying this was so sickening to her that it got her even more excited. She
tried to hold it in, to cum because of this meant that she was turned on by
being treated as a complete slut. She couldn't cum from that - it would
mean she was nothing.
Anne held it in as long as she could, but finally, the dam burst. She started
grunting and moved her hand down to rub her clit. The stylist and Paul
jumped back. While Paul was secretly loving it, the stylist was totally
disgusted with what she saw. The little whore had cum again. What a piece
of trash.
"That's it" the stylist said. "The dirty little slut keeps getting off on my
hand. This isn't worth $500.00. No way."
"Wait" said Paul. "I'll let you punish her for being such a whore."
"Punish her?"
"Yes, when you're done, you can spank her for being such a bad girl.
Don't you want to make her pay for getting off on you?"
The woman paused at that. It would be nice to teach this little whore the
error of her ways. And she would like to punish her for using her as a
vibrator. "Yes, I'll do it."
Anne was watching this all with disbelief. Paul was going to let this
woman spank her. Paul expected her to let this woman spank her. Anne
was starting to realize how low she had sunk. A good girl would not be
here, would not have her legs spread, and would not let anyone spank her.
She was a good girl, she knew it deep down inside. The real Anne started
to bubble to the surface.
The stylist looked at Anne and told her, "lie back you little whore. And
I've had enough of you getting off on my hand. You may want to fuck
every man woman and child you meet but I don't. Try this once more and
you'll find yourself getting the spanking you deserve immediately little
girl."
How dare she talk to Anne like that. "I'm not a whore" Anne protested.
Don't call me a whore and sto---
"Not a whore" the stylist laughed. "How many times have you gotten off on
my hand jabbing you with this needle. Most women come in here and say it
hurts to have their hair removed. You cum from a stranger doing it to you.
You're a dirty little whore."
Each word was like a blow to Anne. Yes it was all true. The real Anne
buried itself back in her subconscious somewhere and Anne the slut
reasserted itself. Anne looked up at Paul with tears in her eyes. She was a
slut wasn't she. Oh god, she was so low. At least Paul wanted her. "Paul, I
love you" she said, desperate to know someone wanted a slut like her.
Paul leaned over, brushed away her tears, and said "I love you too little
Anne." Don't you worry, I'll take care of you.
The rest of the removal passed fine. The stylist worked, Anne quietly cried,
and Paul stroked her hair. And Anne kept thinking, I'm a slut but Paul still
loves me.
Finally, it was completed and the stylist handed Anne a mirror to inspect
the work. Anne looked down and realized that it was as bald as the day she
was born. And it would stay that way for the rest of her life. She was
marked as a slut forevermore.
The stylist then pulled Anne, still naked from the waist down, over to a
chair, sat in the chair, and pulled Anne over her lap. "A bad girl like you
needs to be punished don't you."
"Yes" Anne whispered.
And the stylist then proceeded to use a hair brush to paddle both of Anne's
ass cheeks bright red. The whole time she kept up a monologue - "you're a
dirty little slut. You probably want to show that bald pussy to all the boys at
school don't you. I bet you can't wait to have everyone's cock sliding into
that little pussy. I bet you get yourself off whenever you can don't you. Do
you play with yourself every night and morning?" All the time raining
down the blows.
Anne quietly sobbed realizing that she deserved this punishment. Yes it
was true, she was a slut. When she heard the question about playing with
herself every morning and night she sobbed out "Yes, yes I play with my
pussy whenever I can, I'm a slut, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
And at that the stylist pushed Anne off of her lap. "You little whore, you
were probably getting off on my spanking you. You need to be punished,
not rewarded for being such a whore. Get away from me. I'm going to go
wash my hands to remove your smell from me you dirty slut."
Anne sat on the floor feeling totally worthless. Paul leaned down in front of
her and told her to play with herself. Anne looked at him in shock - how
could he say such a thing after what had just happened. The stylist had told
her that she was a dirty slut. She didn't want to be a slut. Anne started to
pull herself together.
Paul reached down, took one of Anne's hands, and used it to rub her clit.
Anne resisted for about half a minute, but then it started to work. After
another minute with Paul's assistance, Anne took over on her own, rubbing
her clit.
Paul stayed kneeling down facing her and telling her what a slut she was to
be getting off just after the stylist had spanked her for being such a slut.
Even a slut had some self respect. Anne was just a mindless nympho,
rubbing her clit trying to get off, not caring what anyone thought of her.
No that wasn't true, the utter contempt of the stylist helped her get off.
Paul's whispers that she was a total slut was getting her off. the fact that
someone with the slightest shred of self-respect would at least go
somewhere more private first built her up.
Anne played with her clit wallowing in her debasement. Her whole world
was her clit. She rubbed it furiously listening to Paul. She was a complete
slut. A complete slut could get off anywhere because nothing else mattered.
Over the past few weeks Anne's young body had received a crash course in
how to satisfy the sexual urges her hormones had awakened in her. But
there had been no course in love or respect or willpower. She had been
taught how to satisfy her strongest urges immediately and fully. And like a
powerful drug, it would be difficult, if not impossible, to break her of the
habit.
And it was the feeling of utter worthlessness that allowed Anne to give up
the civilized restraints each of us normally uses to moderate our more
primal impulses. The more slutty and worthless Anne felt, the more she
felt free to satisfy her sexual urges.
And more than that, there was something in Anne's makeup, probably
from years of being raised as a child who should always obey, that reveled
in having her nose rubbed in the dirt. The more degraded she felt, the more
she got off.
So Anne crouched there, dripping pussy juice onto the floor, rubbing her
clit and cascading from orgasm to orgasm. Rubbing her forever bald slit,
and staring at Paul who was watching her get herself off.
Until finally she collapsed in the puddle of her pussy juices, not even
realizing it she was so wiped out. Staring blankly into space as Paul lifted
her up and put her skirt back on her. They then walked out, past the stares
and whispers of the stylists to Paul's car, and drove off.




Chapter 6 - that evening

Paul let Anne sleep the rest of the afternoon. The session at the hair salon
had wiped her out. While Anne slept soundly, Paul would keep moving a
vibrator on her clit. He was pretty sure that her dreams were interesting.
Anne woke up from a long series of erotic dreams. She didn't remember
much of the details but it felt like she had been cuming non-stop for the
last several hours. She got up and went looking for Paul, not bothering to
get dressed first.
Paul had a vision of loveliness walk in on him. Anne's 17 year old body
was almost perfect. Still thin and firm all over that no one seems to retain
past the age of 19 or 20. Add to this how beautiful a completely bald pussy
is. Not a pussy that was recently shaved or with a slight stubble, a pussy
with absolutely no hair on it.
And there she was, standing there and looking at Paul. Not covering
anything up or acting at all shy. Anne was his. Paul got up, walked over to
Anne, and hugger her gorgeous naked body to his, loving the feel of her
naked body.
"I love you" he said and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips.
"I love you" she replied hugging and kissing him back.
"Lets get dressed for tonight" he told her. He handed Anne a waist cincher
that was flesh colored. One of the few negatives about Anne's body was
that, not having filled out like an adult, her body wasn't as curvy as he
would like. While he couldn't, and didn't want to do anything to make her
hips bigger, he could make her waist smaller.
He put the cincher around her waist and started pulling in the laces. Each
time he had Anne exhale he would pull the laces a little tighter. Finally he
had it as tight as possible. Anne had to take shallow breaths and couldn't
bend over. But her waist had been reduced by 6 inches giving her a
phenomenal hourglass figure.
The cincher was designed to blend in with her skin by snapping flaps over
the laces. Paul then handed Anne her dress. It was a gauzy material that
was almost the exact same color as Anne's skin. Anne pulled it on and
suddenly realized you could see right through the dress.
Anne's ass and pussy were not terribly obvious, although if you knew to
look, you could see both. But her tits, because of the different color of the
nipples, were strikingly obvious. Paul loved it, there she was in all of her
glory, clothed yet still naked.
The dress was skintight. Even at her waist which had been pulled in 6
inches. The effect was electrifying since each breast had its own little
pocket of fabric it pushed out from her chest, with the fabric following
every curve of her breast. And her incredibly thin waist was so obvious
with the dress in tight around her waist. And finally, with the fabric tight
over her ass and across her mound, it was relatively easy to discern her ass
and cunt if you looked.
To top it off, he handed her black mesh stockings that held themselves up
and 6" black stiletto heels. The black stockings would show under the
dress, making it more obvious that she had no other underclothes on.
Anne freaked. She couldn't go out in public like this. She might as well go
naked. It was worse than naked. She turned to Paul with a pleading look on
her face. "Please Paul, please don't make me do this."
Paul smiled. She wasn't saying no anymore, she was asking him to not do
it. He owned her now. Paul handed her black lace gloves, to match the
stockings, had her put them on, and turned to go out of the house.
Anne looked at Paul in despair. She couldn't do this. This was showing
everyone what a slut she had become. But Paul was standing there and if
she didn't go, he would make her. He would spank her and send pictures to
her father. And he might stop loving her.
A shudder ripped through Anne's body and she started to put on the
gloves. As she was putting them on she discovered that all the fingers had
been sewn together as well as the tip of the thumb to the tip of the fingers.
She could give Paul a hand job wearing the gloves, but not much else. In
fact, Paul had to help her finish putting the gloves on, and once on, she
would need his assistance to remove them.
Paul then turned to go to his car and Anne followed. She was his slut. She
hated it but she was his slut. Across the street one of Paul's neighbors was
getting out of his car. The man stopped and stared at Anne. Anne wanted
to melt into the sidewalk. Instead Paul took Anne over to meet him.
"Hi Fred, this is Anne."
Fred just stared at Anne's nipples.
"Do you like her body" Paul asked. "You can see her pussy too if you look
closely. She's such a slut she had all the hair removed. Shake hands with
Fred slut, there's no reason to be impolite."
Anne wanted to sink even further into the ground. She couldn't shake
hands with the gloves on. And Fred was now staring at her pussy. And she
was standing here letting him look at her body. Paul moved her arm up and
Fred automatically put his hand out to shake. He seemed disconcerted at
her hands shaped in an O but then went back to looking at her pussy.
"Well, we have to go now. See you later." Paul and Anne walked off with
Fred now staring at Anne's ass the whole way.
Anne was in a state of shock. She was used to boys looking at her with a
sexual interest. But nothing with the intensity of Fred's stare. Fred's look
was not tempered by anything. He wanted to push her down and fuck her
till he came. A virgin who had never felt a cock in her pussy and Fred
wanted to rape her.
When they got out of Paul's car at the dance club, he came over to her side
and put little bracelets on Anne's wrists. Before she could appreciate them
though, he pulled Anne's arms behind her and connected the bracelets.
To the casual observer Anne was merely holding her hands behind her
back. However, Anne was now unable to defend herself in any way. She
was truly at Paul's mercy. And to make it worse, having her hands behind
her back pushed her breasts out.
Anne looked so small and helpless standing there that Paul couldn't help
himself, he pulled her to him and held her while kissing her. He then
reached down and started playing with her clit right through the fabric of
the dress.
Anne started to get hot, and then realized that there were other couples
near them walking through the parking lot on their way to the club. He
couldn't do this, not in front of all these people. She buried her face in
Paul's neck hoping he would stop. Please don't do this in front of others
she prayed.
Paul stepped back and Anne's hopes rose. But he kept playing with her
clit, standing a foot back fro her. Anne stepped toward Paul but he reached
out and held her back. He then raised her head by the chin so Anne was
looking straight at Paul.
Paul then started to really go at her clit. Anne started to loose it. People
were walking buy and looking at her. No one was having any trouble
figuring out what was going on. A little way off, one group of men had
stopped and was watching. Others would slow down while staring. Across
the distance she could hear the comments "whore", "slut", "cunt."
She didn't want this. She wasn't this kind of girl. Yet Paul would start in
on her and she would start panting in heat. She would change into a sex
hungry slut. Let them look. Let them see the slut cum. She didn't care, she
just wanted to cum. Closer, closer, almost there. She stared at Paul and
prepared to cum - AND HE STOPPED.
"NO, NO, DON'T STOP" she shouted. Everyone looked over to see what
was bothering the dirty little slut. "Please Paul, please keep going" she
whispered. "Please Paul, I love you, I'll do anything, but please don't
stop."
"Don't stop what" he asked with a smile.
"What you're doing, please don't stop."
"What am I doing?"
"Getting me off."
"Not like that, tell me to get my slut off by playing with her clit."
"I can't say that."
"Fine, lets go in."
Anne swallowed and whispered even quieter "please get your slut off by
rubbing her clit."
"What, I can't hear you."
"Please get your slut off by rubbing her clit" she said a little louder.
Paul brushed her clit and asked again "what, I can't hear you."
"PLEASE GET YOUR SLUT OFF BY RUBBING HER CLIT" she said
loud enough to be heard 20 cars away.
Paul started rubbing her clit again. "You better keep telling me what you
want, or I'll have to stop."
"Oh yes, rub my clit, rub your slut's clit, make me cum. I need to cum so
bad. Oh please don't stop. Oh yes, here it comes, here it comes, I'm going
to cum. AAAAGGGHH, oh no no no. Don't stop, oh god don't stop, it
keeps cuming, it keeps cumming, oh god yes yes, get your little slut off, oh
yes get me off."
Paul moved up to Anne's side as she kept climaxing, rubbing her clit with
one hand and pulling on her hair with the other to raise her head up.
"Open your eyes slut and look at your audience. They all want to see the
slut cuming in the parking lot."
Anne gasped as she saw 30, no 40 people staring at her with lust in their
eyes. What kind of cheap slut would get off in front of so many people.
None of them, that's for sure. They all knew she was the biggest slut at the
club tonight. And they were all watching her cum.
"Oh no, oh god no" Anne moaned as she saw everyone looking at her. She
tried to bring her arms up to cover herself but couldn't because of the
bracelets. She tried to crouch down but Paul's grip on her hair stopped
that.
And Paul's other hand, Paul's other hand kept working on her clit. And
the climaxes kept coming, even more intense now that she was aware of
her audience. How could she cum with people watching her. She was sick,
sick and perverted. She was getting off on the audience and that was just
sick.
And Paul whispered in her ear "do you want me to stop."
Of course she wanted him to stop. She didn't want to be this disgusting girl
climaxing in front of this growing crowd. But the words wouldn't come out
of her mouth. She kept cumming and cumming in a never-ending roll of
climaxes.
"I'm going to stop" Paul said loud enough for the crowd to hear. "I'm
going to stop playing with you my little slut."
"NO NO DON'T STOP, OH PLEASE DON'T STOP" she begged loudly.
The words were out of her mouth before she even thought about it. She
didn't want to stop cuming. Each cum was more powerful than the one
before and she didn't want it to stop.
Let them all watch her. Let everyone know how sick and disgusting and
perverted she was. As long as she could keep cuming she didn't care. And
the thought of everyone watching her turned her on even more. And then
she started to hear them.
"What a hot slut." "dirty tramp" "pig" "perverted cunt" "whore" "fuck-
meat"
And then Paul stopped. "OH NO NO NO, PLEASE DON'T STOP, JUST
ONE MORE CUM, PLEASE JUST ONE MORE CUM" she begged,
sobbing with need.
"You stopped telling me my slut needed her clit rubbed."
"Oh please, your slut needs her pussy rubbed" she pleaded.
"Too late, you stopped."
"Oh please please please. I'll do anything, anything." Anne had totally
forgotten about her audience and was begging Paul.
"I don't know, lets ask your fans." he said turning her to once again face
the audience. "You have to get them to ask me to rub you. Ask them."
Anne paled. She couldn't do that. She couldn't sink that low. She just
couldn't. But that next cum was waiting right there on the edge, with
another right behind it. And these people would watch the dirty little
whore cum more - seeing how badly she needed it.
"Please she said, looking at the ground, please please."
"Please what slut" said a voice in the crowd.
Anne looked up with both shame and hope in her eyes. "Please, please tell
him" she begged looking for the source of the voice.
"Tell him what" came another voice.
Oh god Anne thought, as another cum shot through her, just from the
thought of having to ask a stranger to cum. God, she was such a disgusting
little fuck-wad. "Please tell him to get me off."
Some of the crowd started to tell Paul when a loud voice said "I don't think
so whore. I don't think you've asked us properly. I say no until we here the
slut ask correctly." Other voices then picked up the same refrain "not yet,
ask us better."
"Please ask Paul to get his little slut off. Please ask him to play with my
clit. I'm a dirty little whore and I need to have my clit rubbed. Oh please
please ask him to get me off, I need to cum, I need it. I need it."
Once again the voices started to tell Paul to get her off, and he was actually
brushing her clit, when the same loud voice said "no I don't think so.
Maybe later but she just doesn't sound sincere to me. Maybe later in the
club."
No she thought, no they can't mean it. "Please, please I have to get off.
Paul's dirty little slut needs to get off. I'll do anything to get off. I have
to
get off, oh please ask him to get me off. I'm a dirty little pig cunt whore
slut who needs to get off. Oh please."
But the crowd was turning away. A few were staying but when they saw
the others leaving, everyone started to move. No one wanted to be the one
person left staring at the dirty little slut.
"PLEASE PLEASE, OH GOD DON'T LEAVE, I NEED IT I NEE----"
Paul slapped her hard, once twice, three times until she shut up. Anne
looked like she had just run a marathon. Her hair and body were totally
soaked in her sweat. Her eyes looked like the eyes of a wild animal. She
was shaking with need.
Paul pulled her to him and held her for a minute as her shaking died down
a little. The he backed off and asked her "we can leave right now if you
want. I'll take you to your car and you can drive straight home. Or we can
go in the club. But if we go in you're going to have to dance with others
and they will touch you. No one will fuck or hurt you but they will touch
you."
Anne looked up at him in desperation. She couldn't go home now. Her
little vibrator in the privacy of her room just didn't come close to the need
she had right now. But letting others touch her. She just couldn't do that.
She just couldn't. She might be Paul's sex toy but she wasn't really a slut.
No other man had touched her and Paul hadn't actually fucked her. For all
she had been through, most of her prudish upbringing hadn't been
violated.
"Wha-what kind of touching?"
"None of your business. If you don't want it we'll go home" and Paul
turned toward the car.
"NO" she shouted. Again her instincts had betrayed her, or maybe shown
the true Anne. "No, I don't want to leave.
Paul put his jacket on the parking lot and pushed Anne down so she was
kneeling on it looking up at him. Paul reached down and put his thumb in
her mouth. Anne automatically started to suck, it was a reassuring thing in
what was presently a very uncertain world.
"One last thing. I'm really horny right now. I can't wait all night before
you get me off. I got you off so I think its only fair you get me off." Anne
pulled at her arms and then asked Paul to undo her bracelets. "Oh no" he
said, "those stay on for now. You're going to have to do it with your
mouth."
Anne blanched. Finally here it was, the moment she had been dreading up
to now. Paul was asking for sex. Her mind had never actually addressed the
fact that her virginity might truly be at stake. Through all of this she
assumed, since she was a "good girl" and a virgin, that sex would
somehow be magically avoided.
Paul looked down at Anne as she looked up at him. He used his hands to
lightly stroke her face. "Beautiful beautiful Anne, you are going to suck my
cock. I'm going to stick it in your mouth and down your throat. And you
are going to love it because you are such a slut - aren't you?"
Anne looked up mesmerized by Paul's face. So many conflicting emotions
running through her mind. She was not really a slut. She was just a 17 year
old kid playing a grown-up game. But sex, that was a part for grown-ups.
At the same time, she was hot. She had cum she didn't know how many
times and had even more cums waiting to explode. Her body was telling
her to do anything, just so she could cum again.
Paul reached out and used one hand under her jaw to hold her mouth open.
He then used the other to move his thumb in and out of her mouth. Anne
started sucking again. It was something safe to focus on. And it felt good.
But still, she couldn't, she just couldn't do it.
Then she heard Paul's soft voice telling her that he loved her, that she was
his little slut, and that she had to suck his cock. Because a slut sucked her
boyfriends cock. There was no two ways around it and she had to do it -
she had to.
Suddenly Paul pulled his thumb out of her mouth and there was his prick.
She had seen it before when jacking him off but it had never looked this
menacing before. Paul put one hand on the back of her head forcing her
head toward his prick while the other held her jaw open.
She didn't resist. Paul moved her and then his prick was in her mouth.
Paul held it there, barely in her mouth, and told her to suck it. He was
telling her that that's what a slut did, when a prick was in her mouth she
sucked it. Paul's' voice mesmerized her, telling her that he loved his sweet
little whore and that she had to suck his cock. The voice kept repeating in
her head. Pretty soon it seemed like a message, not from Paul, but from
within her.
Up to now, Paul had actually been bringing out parts of Anne that had
always existed. Parts that normally would be counterbalanced but parts of
her nonetheless. Now for the first time he took her beyond what was really
Anne. As Anne started to suck, a part of her died.
It was not a blaring event. But Anne felt part of herself permanently
betrayed. She had crossed a line. And she started to cry. Not major
sobbing, but the tears started flowing out of her eyes, down her cheeks, and
dripping onto Paul's jacket.
She continued to suck Paul's cock, just as she had his thumb. Paul held her
head and fucked her mouth. And she heard his voice quietly repeating,
"that's a good little slut. Good little sluts suck their master's cock. this is
what you are supposed to be doing." It kept repeating again and again as
she sucked, in rhythm with the cock going in and out of her mouth. And
again, after awhile, it seemed like the message was actually coming from
within her.
Paul looked down at Anne. She looked so beautiful with her hands behind
her back, her chest stuck out with the tits clearly visible, and her mouth
quietly sucking on his cock. And most beautiful of all, the constant trail of
tears dripping down her face. Tears so constant that he had obviously
broken some strong limit that used to be within her.
Cuming was almost anti-climatic. Anne didn't even seem to realize Paul
had cum, continuing to mechanically suck until he pulled his cock out.
Paul knelt down next to her and held her. And Anne sobbed and sobbed
into Paul's shoulder over what she had lost. She wanted it back so bad but
it was gone forever.

Finally, Paul stood Anne up to take her into the club. Anne was still crying
but he didn't want to spend the rest of the night in the parking lot. As the
entered, the bouncer demanded an ID for Anne. Needless to say, she didn't
have one. Paul the offered to let the bouncer play with her tits if he let
them in.
Suddenly Anne woke from her fog. What had Paul just said. Suddenly
there were a pair of hands mashing her tits. She tried to move away but
Paul was holding her. Oh god, this couldn't be happening. She didn't
know this person. She wasn't some slut anyone could handle. Oh please
stop her eyes begged Paul.
Paul finally pulled her away to the rude "nice honkers" from the bouncer.
She hung her head in shame. She was now not just Paul's slut, but the slut
of anyone he gave her to. The next several hours were pure hell for Anne,
even though she spent most of it aroused or cumming.
Paul had her dance with a different man every dance. And they all took
advantage of her hands locked behind her back to play with her tits and
cunt. Some just reached in and got her off. Those weren't so bad.
But most of them made her beg for it. She had to tell them exactly what
she wanted, what a whore she was. And she had to listen to them telling
her that she was the dirtiest most perverted little slut they had ever met.
And she came and came and came. Each dance was one long climax. And
the whole time she knew that she was nothing but a piece of fuck meat to
all of her partners. Most of them actually came in their pants while
dancing with her.
And each dance others looked at her as she was brought off. No one made
any big secret about it. The slow songs were the worst because everyone on
the dance floor could hear her begging to be jerked off, and then cuming.
After an hour of this, Paul undid her bracelets so her hands could move in
front. But he then had her jack off her dance partner. There she would be,
stroking someone's cock on the dance floor while everyone watched. And
with her busy the men didn't bother to get her off, so she didn't have her
orgasms to hide behind.
And each of them, as they came, would hold her close. Her hands, and the
front of her dress became totally covered with jism. She would walk off the
dance floor and each time people would see the growing patch of whit
semen all over the front of her dress. That had to be the worst, walking off
the floor with everyone looking at the cum covered slut.
Toward the end of the evening men were starting to push for a turn at her.
It became clear that not everyone would get a chance. Paul started sending
out two men at once, one for each hand. Then, as soon as one had cum, he
would leave and another would go out to her on the dance floor. It stopped
those terrible walks off with everyone looking at her. But instead, it was
now so obvious that everyone else had stopped dancing and stood in a
circle watching her.
Pretty soon two wasn't enough and there were 2 more, one sliding his prick
against the front of her dress and one against the back. Pretty soon cum
had coated all sides of her dress. Then someone tried pulling up the back of
her dress. Paul stopped him and pushed everyone back - thank god. She
had almost lost her virginity.
But it was still a dangerous situation. There were about 40 or 50 men who
all had monster hard-ons surrounding her. Paul forced her down to her
knees and had everyone gather around her. There were too many for Anne
to get them off, so he told her to play with herself to turn them on.
She looked at him, she couldn't do that. It wasn't a question of would she,
she just psychologically couldn't. Then Paul got down next to her and
whispered "if you aren't very careful, you'll get raped by 40 guys and I
can't stop it. Play with your pussy and tits - and stay kneeling. If you lay
down you'll be raped."
Anne realized she had to and brought a hand to her pussy and started
rubbing. She started talking dirty to all of the men, "please cum all over
my slutty little face, please jack off over the little whore. I'm a little slut
and I need to feel your cum all over my face. Please give me your cum."
And as Anne talked she pulled up the front of her cum-encrusted dress and
started rubbing her clit as fast as she could. The other hand went to
squeeze her boob. That was all it took. Pricks started exploding.
There were so many people a lot missed her. But a lot got on her too. I had
never seen someone drowned in cum before. But Anne was. She had cum
covering every part of her body. What a delicious little piece of fuck meat.
And as the cum started landing the most amazing thing happened. Anne
started cumming. Cum after cum wracked her young body. The utter
degradation of having 40 strange cocks pour their semen on her had her
hitting a level of climax she had never before achieved.
The whole way home in the car Anne was playing with her clit and
scooping cum with the other hand into her mouth. She never stopped
having an orgasm the entire way home.




Chapter 7 - the next few weeks

Poor Anne, when she dropped by the next week, Paul showed her the tape
a friend of mine had made of the entire evening. What that tape showed
was not a young girl, but a insatiable cum receptacle. With some very
minor editing it showed a girl who got off on the most filthy degradation.
Who could never get enough cum. And who came and came repeatedly.
After showing it, in front of her Paul put the tape in a box addressed to her
dad. Anne turned white as a ghost. She suddenly realized that the old tape
was tame stuff compared to this. For this her dad might very well kill her.
She turned to me with the look of an animal that knows it is about to die.
"Don't worry sweet slut" Paul told her. This will remain here as long as
you behave yourself. And then Paul slapped Anne as hard as he could.
Anne's hands flew to her cheek as the tears started and she backed away
from Paul.
"Come back here NOW Anne. In front of me with your hands down or by
god, I'll drive the tape over to your father now."
Anne stepped back braced for another slap. Paul reached up but didn't
slap. Instead he gently pushed her shoulders down, and moved her head so
it was back normally, not all tensed up. Then he slapped her again on the
other cheek, as hard as he could.
Anne dropped to the floor crying "why Paul, what do you want me to do,
just tell me" she begged.
"Get back up NOW he said" pulling her up. Paul's hands went to move her
around again but Anne knew what would follow and stayed tensed up. "If
you're not going to relax tell me now and I'll just take the tape and go."
"Please tell me what I did wrong. Oh god, please don't hit me. I'll do
anything, just tell me what you want me to do" Anne sobbed with tears
running down her cheeks.
"I want you to relax and hold still slut. Now do it before I loose my
patience."
Anne did the best she could, holding still with her eyes wild with fright.
Paul faked several slaps causing Anne to jerk and cry out. Finally, after the
fakes slowed her down, Paul let out another slap knocking her down again.
"Please please oh my god please tell me what I did" begged Anne. "I'll
suck your cock, I'll fuck you, I'll do anything you want."
Paul pulled her up as she kept babbling with fear. The look in her eyes had
him hard as a rock. It was pure victim. She didn't want to get hit but she
wouldn't defend herself. She would beg and plead and abase herself. But
she would stand there and take the slap. "there is no reason" he said. One
more should really get the message through.
Paul this time positioned her head perfectly for the slap. He lined his hand
up, making real clear it was coming. Anne closed her eyes in anticipation
so Paul told her to open them. Anne stared at Paul's hand in abject fear as
he swung and nailed her again.
But during the entire swing, Anne never moved out of the way. She didn't
know why Paul was hurting her. She knew the slap was coming and she
stood there and took it. Because Paul had the right to do anything to her.
With those slaps, those unexplained slaps, Paul tore away Anne's belief
that she could tell Paul no. She was his.
Paul then pushed her down on her knees and had her suck him off.
However, it wasn't gentle this time. Each time he pushed a little further
into her mouth ignoring her protestations. When Anne put up a hand to
hold stop his prick from going in as far Paul pulled out, slapped Anne
twice, and pumped back in, without saying a word. Anne kept her hands
down.
Pretty soon he was into her throat and then he was all the way banging her
nose into his crotch. Her young throat felt so good around his cock with her
gagging massaging his cock. Paul started holding his cock in for 20
seconds and then letting it our for Anne to take a breath.
Anne couldn't breathe. The last time out she hadn't gotten a good breath
and now Paul was down her throat again. She had to breathe, she reached
up and pushed at Paul, trying to get him to back out. Paul pulled out and
looked at her. She knew it was coming and held her face up for it.
But he didn't slap her. She opened up her eyes to see him looking at her.
He turned around and then he was holding something in his hands. Paul
flicked one of her tits with his finger. It hurt but it made her nipple stick
out. Then suddenly her tit was in agony. She reached for her tit but Paul
held her arms. She looked down and saw an alligator clip on her tit
squeezing it.
Paul then handed her the second clip and nodded toward her other nipple.
Oh god no she thought. I can't stand to have that on there. I can't put it
there. Then she heard him say "I can put it on your clit if you'd rather."
She had to do it. She was Paul's' sex toy and that's what he wanted. She
reached up and tried to gently release the clip on her nipple. It still hurt
like crazy.
Paul the grabbed her head and started fucking her throat again, holding her
head by the sides. She now had even more trouble breathing because her
nipples hurt so much that she sometimes forgot to take a breath. But even
when she was about to pass out she didn't raise her hands. Not to push
Paul, not to save her nipples.
And then Paul rammed her head against his cock, almost breaking her
nose against his pelvic bone and he pumped his cum directly into her
stomach. He held his cock all the way in her throat for the next 3 minutes
but his cock got small enough that she could breathe around it.
Then as she looked up at him in fear, Paul reached down and removed the
clips. Finally - relief. Anne held her mangled tits and waited to see what
was next. After what had transpired, the rest was pretty tame.
Paul had Anne watch porno flicks. Every afternoon when she could come
over, he had her watch the videos while playing with herself. Anne actually
came to enjoy this. The films turned her on and playing with the vibrator
felt good too.
It was not the kind of climaxes she had when Paul dragged her through the
gutter. But it was pleasant cum after pleasant cum. And after the first
afternoon, it was a welcome relief.
Sometime while watching Paul would walk in and have her blow him.
Nothing major, just a blow job and then back to the movie. Paul even had
her use the vibrator on herself while blowing him so she got off too.
And occasionally Paul would have her get on all fours facing the TV
screen and would spank her bottom while she watched. Anne actually
found herself looking forward to the spanking sessions since that turned
her on more than just watching.
Of course, Paul was careful to pick out the right kind of videos. He never
got any that had scenes of men and women in love with each other.
Instead, all the videos were ones where men used the women. And over
time the films got nastier and nastier until Paul was showing Anne
European films that couldn't be rented in the US.
Meanwhile, every day Anne wore her butt plug, removing it only to shit
and shower. And each week Paul gave Anne a slightly bigger plug to help
open up her ass. One day Paul gave Anne an enema bag and told her to
start using that daily, increasing the volume regularly and reporting the
size she could take.
And through all of this Anne tried to live a normal life away from Paul.
She went to school, worked at the video store, and spent time at home with
her family. However, Paul was always there somehow. Every morning and
night when she used her vibrator, his face filled her fantasy.
One Sunday he met her at church just before the service. The slipped into a
bathroom and Paul gave Anne an enema and then plugged it with her butt
plug. Anne spent the entire service next to her father, wanting to release
the enema and unable to during the service, and afterward when she had to
walk around with her parents. Finally she got away and released it.
And finally Paul gave her tapes to play on her walkman when she was
jogging. The tapes were a combination of the sound from porno movies,
and Anne's commenting about herself while cumming. And behind it all,
was Paul's soft voice telling her how she was his slut, and that she was his
to use however she pleased.
Anne would be jogging down the street, normal people all around her, and
she would be hearing people fucking or herself in the throes of passion.
She was hearing this so often while viewing everyday normal life that she
started to associate everything with sex. It was never off her mind.
And on the weekend they would go dancing. But it was always so tame
compared to the last time that Anne never objected to anything. Paul would
play with her tits while ordering from the waitress. Or he would spread
Anne's legs and life her skirt and play with her clit for people sitting
across from them.
Many times he had Anne scrunch down, spread her legs, and pull her
pussy lips apart to show others the view under the table. He started training
her to never sit on her skirt, but to always raise the back of it. For many of
her tight dresses this had the effect of pulling the skirt to her waist, clearly

showing her pussy. But Paul allowed no exceptions.
Anne came to accept that others would see her tits and pussy. Every time
she showed any modesty, Paul took a belt to her ass and beat it out of her.
And Anne much preferred showing her cunt to being whipped. So when
they went out, it just became a fact of life to Anne that others would see her
cunt. She was Paul's slut and that was that.
And when they slow danced, Paul would usually play with her pussy. Anne
loved that, out there in the middle of all those people being brought to a
quiet orgasm. And at least once per evening she would return the favor,
bringing Paul to orgasm, staining the front of her dress.
And as she continued to watch the porno films each afternoon, she started
to see women tied down and whipped lightly, the whippings became
heavier and heavier. Women were pierced. Women drank piss, Women
fucked dogs. But each time something new was introduced, it was a
gradual change.
And Anne had become so conditioned to climaxing constantly while
watching, that she kept climaxing to more and more depraved acts. And
they were turning her on. Anne loved seeing a woman treated in the most
vile manner.
Pretty soon there wasn't anything worse to get for Anne. So he had her
pick favorite parts to watch again and again. Anne found herself judging
the films and repeating the scenes where women were treated the worst.
She was selecting knowing what Paul wanted. But in the course of making
those selections, she was making her own preference be for the films where
the woman was treated the worse.
And this was Anne's "normal" life. To watch women tortured unmercifully
every afternoon and to get off on it. To jog around town in everyday places
listening to tapes of violent sex. To go out Saturday night and arrange her
dress so men could easily see her cunt and tits. Wearing an ass plug
constantly. Giving herself an enema daily. And using vibrators every night
and morning.
All this poured into the mind of an impressionable young 17 year old girl
who had never known love, had never been told there was another way,
and who had all the normal worries of a high school senior, homework,
parents, friends. The mind is a wonderful thing. Make almost anything
routine and the mind will adapt to handle it. Anne remained a well
adjusted teen girl, at least it appeared so.




Chapter 8 - Halloween

Both Paul and Anne had been very careful to keep Anne's "normal" life
separate from her life with Paul. Just a whisper of Anne's seeing an older
man, older being anyone out of High School, would bring way too much
scrutiny from Ann's father, and possibly the police. Paul did not want to
see that happen. And Anne, she would never be able to face anyone ever
again if the truth came out. So Anne lived two lives.
But with a Halloween dance at Anne's school, Paul was determined to go
with her. With a costume on, no one would know who he was, or his age.
Anne on the other hand felt depressed when Paul told her that he would go
with her. She did not understand why but inside her, school had been her
refuge from Paul and her family. School was the one place where she could
relax with her friends and just have the worries and problems of every
other 17 year old girl. School was where the real Anne lived.
But Paul didn't ask Anne if she wanted him to go. And Anne didn't offer
Paul her opinion - not on anything. So Anne was going to the dance with
Paul. She arrived Friday evening at Paul's house as instructed.
Paul then laid out her costume for her. It was a bridal gown. Anne was
uneasy as soon as she saw the gown. This wasn't right. Marriage was
something very special to her. Like most young girls, she knew that
someday she would find the right boy and they would get married. And
that day would forevermore be one of the most special days in her life.
Marriage was for love and caring and a lifetime commitment with that one
special boy. Anne's eyes started to mist over as she thought of someday
finding that boy and being happily married. And then, with a word from
Paul she was shaken out of her daydream.
"Get dressed my little whore wife."
NO, no he couldn't drag this dream down into the gutter with her. Not
this. It would mean that when she really got married, it would just be a
reminder of one more sex game Paul played with his little whore. He
couldn't do this to her. He couldn't destroy what would someday be the
most special day of her life. He just couldn't take that away from her.
"Oh no Paul, please not that dress. I can't dress as a bride, I just can't. Oh
god, please don't make me do it." And with that Anne threw herself at
Paul's feet sobbing and holding his feet and begging him to let her wear
something else.
Paul was totally taken aback by this. He had plans for later in the evening
that would make the dress appropriate. But he had never expected this kind
of reaction. Just the thought of wearing it was devastating Anne. He really
really needed to take this into consideration.
Paul crouched down and pulled Anne up so she was kneeling too, facing
up to him. He had never seen a face so full of anguish and despair. Anne
was shivering with fear. So much so that she would probably have fallen
over if he hadn't been holding her.
"Dear dear Anne" Paul said softly stroking her face. "Don't you love me.
Don't you love me more than anything?"
"Ye-yes Paul, I love you. Oh dear god I love you. But please do---"
Paul put a finger on her lips and shushed her. Then he went back to
stroking her face. "And I love you my little piece of fuck-meat. You're my
sweet little whore. You're my special little hot cunt."
And with each word Paul said Anne shook as though hit. Her poor little
mind didn't know how to take the loving words that also called her a slut.
The gentle hand stroking her face as Paul continued to tell her how he
loved to watch her suck his cock and spread his cum all over her face. Her
mind wanted to both hold Paul for saying he loved her and run for being
called a slut.
Paul continued to talk to Anne watching her get wound up tighter and
tighter. "Such a beautiful little girl when you lie back and masturbate while
watching porno videos. I love you so much when I see you dancing with
other men jacking their cocks off onto the front of your dress. Such a vision
of loveliness when you spread your legs under the table and pull your pussy
lips apart to show other men your cunt. I dream of you every night,
thinking of you at home, using your vibrator on your clit, while your
parents are sleeping in the room next to yours."
And Anne got more and more confused. Paul was talking in the gentle
voice of a kind man who loved her. And he was telling her that. But with
each comment about the acts he made her perform, she wanted to scream
and run away. God, her shaking was getting so bad she had to put both
arms around Paul's neck to not fall over.
Yes, she was a slut. But Paul loved her that way. It was ok that she was a
slut, no - no it wasn't. She wasn't really a slut. She was a good girl. Yes,
she really was - wasn't she. But no, a good girl wouldn't do all those
things. She was a slut and Paul loved her anyways. Even with everything
she had done, he still loved her. But no, no, she---
And as Paul say her eyes go totally vacant and her shaking become even
more pronounced, he reached down to her clit and started rubbing while
whispering to her "whore, cunt, slut, fuck-meat, cum for me you little slut -
you know that's what you want. Cum all over my fingers and show me
what a whore you are."
No, he couldn't be doing this to her. What kind of slut did he think she
was trying to get her to cum now. She wasn't a -- oh my god, "NO NO NO,
OH GOD NO PLEASE GOD NO" Anne shouted as she started to cum.
She didn't know it, but her mind was so overwhelmed, it needed anything
to release all the tension it was under - anything. And so it released
through the cum. And released and released and released. Paul stopped
rubbing her clit and still, Anne climaxed for about 5 minutes. It was the
strongest cum she had ever had.
And the entire time, Paul held her close and whispered lovingly in her ear
"that's it, cum my little cunt. I love you my little slut. Just let it go my
little
whore. Show me how you need to cum and cum and cum my sweet sweet
piece of trash."
And the words kept pounding into Anne's mind as the cum rolled on and
on and on. And to not get totally lost in the anarchy her mind was in, she
clung to the one rock that was available. She held on to Paul. And she
fastened her mind on to the fact that he loved her. Paul loved her and
would save her. It was all ok...

Finally the orgasm stopped and Anne slumped in Paul's arms. Paul stroked
her head for a minute and then stood her up. Anne was on automatic pilot.
She just stood there as Paul dressed her. First he put a white corset on her.
It went from her waist to the bottom of her breasts.
Paul then tightened and tightened it. Because Anne was so zoned out, her
body didn't fight the tightening at all and Paul was able to reduce her waist
by 7", more than ever before. She now was almost a charactature of the
perfect feminine waist.
After that came white lace stockings and gloves. The gloves went almost to
her shoulders. And both the gloves and stockings had a special feature.
Sewn in at the wrist and ankle were very unobtrusive restraints. Even
looking close it merely looked like heavy lace with a decorative shoestring.
But once Paul tied up the shoestring Anne could not remove them and the
loops in the shoestring could be used to tie her down.
And then came the dress (no underwear for Ann on her wedding night). It
didn't have a train because that wouldn't work at the party. What it did
have was almost 100 buttons that buttoned from the throat (where the
collar could also be used as a restraint) to the hem at the floor.
From the hips down it billowed out with multiple petticoats underneath.
But from the waist up it was skin tight, giving Anne that virginal look all
wedding dresses achieve, while still fully displaying and incredibly sexy
body.
Paul buttoned up most of the buttons, leaving Anne's breasts exposed for
the moment. And then he put Anne's wedding hat on her, complete with
veil. There she stood, a vision of loveliness, the radiant bride, waiting for
her groom.
Now Paul couldn't let anyone see him. One look at his face would let
people know he was in his mid 20s. So he had rented a gorilla suit. And
over the gorilla suit he wore a tuxedo. So Anne had her groom - a gorilla.
After Paul dressed he walked over to Anne and pushed her to her knees. He
then pulled out his cock (a popular feature in the gorilla costume was a
removable crotch piece), lifted Anne's veil, and pushed his cock into
Anne's mouth.
Anne started sucking automatically. And with that she woke out of her
daze. Here she was in her wedding dress, with a beast as a groom, sucking
his cock. That was only right for a slut like her. She did not deserve a
normal wedding with a nice young boy. No, for her wedding she belonged
on her knees, blowing the man she loved. A man who was a beast, which a
dirty piece of scum like her was lucky to have.
And tears started rolling down Anne's cheeks as the dream within her, that
special dream in every young girl, about that special wedding that would
some day happen, as that dream was replaced by the reality of what would
be. That some day, the little whore would drop to her knees, blow her
groom, so he might be willing to marry a sleazy tramp.
Paul looked down and saw the tears. God how he loved to watch her cry.
He loved that more than anything else he thought. If he could have her
constantly in tears, constantly crying for parts of her soul she was loosing,
then, well life would be just about perfect.
Paul reached down and pushed Anne's head away from his prick. He then
pulled her veil down and pushed his cock, with the veil around it, into
Anne's mouth. "That's it my blushing virginal bride. Suck my cock
through your veil. Whenever you wear a veil again you can think of
sucking my cock through it. Won't you love your wedding when you walk
down the aisle and all you can think of is my cock coming through your
veil, into your mouth?"
And with his words Anne's tears became even more pronounced, gushing
down her cheeks to land in her lap. Yes she was just a cock-sucking whore.
And that's all she would be when she got married. Oh god Paul, don't ever
leave me she thought. No other man would be willing to marry someone as
slutty as her. Oh please don't ever leave me.
And then Paul started to cum. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and
sprayed his cum all over her still exposed breasts. He then wiped his cock
off on her chest and put it away. "Button up your dress whore, you don't
want your friends to know what a dirty slut you are."
Anne looked down through her tears. There was cum all over her chest.
She sobbed even harder as she buttoned the dress up, mashing the cum
between her wedding dress and her tits. Anne, the little girl would still
have her dream of someday having that special wedding. But that dream
would always include having fresh cum on her tits while walking down the
aisle. Another little piece of Anne had died.

Anne and Pail had a fun, and relatively normal time at the party. There
wasn't much Paul could do there if he wanted. So instead, he acted as
though there were bride and groom, about to get married.
And Anne, Anne was in heaven. Paul, who she loved so very much, was
there by her side and being just wonderful. Anne was actually, for the first
time in her life, seeing how a normal relationship worked. Anne didn't
know it was normal. She found it very strange. But she also found it
wonderful.
And the euphoria swept her up into the play-acting. Yes they were bride
and groom, about to get married. And it was Halloween, and kids were
drinking in the corners, so what was one pair acting as though it was their
wedding. Totally normal by any standards.
Yes thought Anne, this is wonderful. I'm in love with a wonderful man
that I'm going to marry. And he loves me and everything will be so
wonderful. Not even the dried cum on the inside of her wedding dress
could spoil it.
On the drive back from the party to Paul's house Anne laid back and
floated on a cloud. This had been the most wonderful night of her life. Yes,
everything was wonderful.
When they got to the house Paul insisted on carrying Anne in through the
doorway. He then looked down on the serenely happy face and smiled. She
was so completely happy right now, he couldn't imagine a better setup.
"Well my blushing bride, its our wedding night. And you know what that
means don't you?" Paul asked as he headed toward his bedroom.
It took a couple of seconds to sink in through the euphoria and then Anne
started to realize, oh god no - he can't be planning to have sex with me. oh
god no.
Paul say the horror creep onto Anne's face and smiled again. Yes, as he
had thought, from the heights of estacy to the depths of despair. This was
going to be one hell of a ride for her tonight. He had guessed as much,
Anne hadn't really believed that they would ever have sex.
Yes, Paul had dragged Anne through a lot. But he hadn't had to override
any of her central beliefs. He made her masturbate - but that certainly
didn't go against any basic instincts. And she watched porno films that
completely degraded women. But the truth was she had come to get turned
on by those and Paul was a good excuse for watching them.
Even the blow-jobs weren't that bad. Around school they were discussed as
the last-ditch safety valve. If a boyfriend was too insistent. If they both got
too hot and heavy, well a blow-job was ok then. It was a totally different
area of the body. It wasn't sex.
But sex. No she couldn't have sex. It was so inconceivable to her that they
would have sex that she had never really seriously considered it. Sex was
for that one special boy when she got married. And there was not just 17
years of her parents message, there was millions of years of evolution
behind this. No sex except for that one special boy.
And when that special boy would have come along, it would have taken
months to build up to the point where they had sex. She had no experience
of slowly blossoming love that leads to that beautiful act of making love.
Her mind had not learned how to tie the two together and use making love
to build on the love between two people.
Suddenly Anne's body started struggling. Paul almost dropped her at first,
but then grabbed tighter and stepped into the bedroom.
"NO NO NO NO NO. I WON'T DO THIS. YOU CAN'T DO THIS. LET
ME GO RIGHT NOW. I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PICTURES, I
DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYTHING, LET ME GO, LET ME GO." Anne
started shouting.
Paul threw her down on the bed, threw himself on top of her, and went to
work fastening first her arms, and then her legs to the straps he had
waiting. "You're not going anywhere my little slut bride. Its our wedding
night and I'm going to fuck your cherry. And it was so sweet that a little
whore like you kept her cherry for our wedding night."
"OH GOD NO, YOU CAN'T DO THIS. PLEASE LET ME GO. SEND
MY FATHER THE PICTURES, I DON'T CARE JUST LET ME GO
RIGHT NOW. YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME, I'M NOT A WHORE, I'M
NOT, I'M NOT." Anne was screaming now and struggling as hard as she
could against the straps tying her down.
Paul watched her frantically trying to get away while unbuttoning her skirt
from the hem to the waist. He had expected resistance, but not this much.
This wasn't a timid creature that had to be pushed into place. This was the
real Anne fighting to save herself. This was a creature that would not
relent.
Paul suddenly realized that he could easily loose her tonight. She had to
return home or the police would be called. And if he didn't break this inner
Anne who had surfaced, she would never return. Oh yes, he could ruin her
life. But he would still have lost Anne. And he didn't want that to happen.
He loved this wild creature he had tamed. He loved her more than
anything. And to keep that love, he needed to break her.
"LET ME GO, LET ME GO, YOU CAN'T RAPE ME YOU CAN'T. I'LL
TELL THE POLICE, I'LL HAVE YOU ARRESTED. LET ME GO LET
ME GO YOU SON OF A BITCH."
With that Paul put his cock at the entrance of Anne's pussy and pressed it
in. "I'm raping you you little whore. How does it feel to have your little slut
pussy raped you fucking cunt?"
"NO NO NO, DEAR GOD NO. TAKE IT OUT, OH PLEASE TAKE IT
OUT. DON'T RAPE ME, DEAR GOD DON'T RAPE ME."
"Feel my cock rape your wet hole. Tell me no, tell me no all you want and
I'll keep fucking your slit. You're a whore and whore's need to be fucked.
Slut, cunt hole whore fuck you fuck you fuck you."
And as Anne fought and screamed, her body started to respond. And Paul
kept talking to her, telling her what he thought of her as he fucked her.
And Anne's body responded more and more, and yet she was totally
oblivious to that response.
Until it mid-protest she came. "OH GOD NO, NO THIS CAN'T BE
HAPPENING, NO NO - OOOHHH GOOOODDD" and as Paul continued
to pump and Anne continued to climax her cries turned to ones of joy "OH
YES, YES, OH DEAR GOD YES."
"Its not rape if you cum slut. You can call it rape but if you're loving it its
not rape. Look at you, I raped you and you're such a dirty little whore
you're cumming. What a disgusting little slut. You just love having a cock
up your pussy don't you whore?"
Anne looked at Paul in shock. No, no that wasn't true. It was rape, He was
raping her. She looked up at him and panted between climaxes, "no, you're
raping me you-- ooohh shit, oohh god, oohh -- yo-you're raping meeee
ooohhh goooddd."
And they argued for the next 3 minutes. God she has a strong will thought
Paul. And all during that time he kept pumping his cock into Anne and she
kept cuming and cuming, arguing and fighting between climaxes.
And finally Paul said "ok slut, its rape, tell me to stop, tell me to stop
fucking you - TELL ME NOW TO STOP YOU FUCKING WHORE." And
then Paul fucked has hard and fast as he could.
And Anne looked up, started to say something, and came, and came, and
came, and then she started to say stop, but she couldn't she just couldn't
the cums were too powerful. And then she broke. She couldn't say stop.
She had to keep cuming. "OH YES, OH YES, FUCK ME FUCK ME, OH
GOD YES OOOOOHHHHH GOOOODDDD YYYEEEEEESSS
FUUUCCCKK MMEEEE."
And inside Anne, a very important part of what made Anne crumpled up
and blew away in the winds generated by her voice screaming at Paul to
fuck her. And as it left, Anne tried to recapture it, but another cum hit, and
she asked Paul to fuck her again.
And Anne realized what she had lost. She had lost her moral limits. If this
wall could be torn down, than any wall could be torn down. She had lost
her willpower. Oh god, she had lost everything. And with that, giant sobs
took over Anne's body and rivers of tears flowed down her cheeks.
And Paul continued to pump and Anne continued to have giant climax
after giant climax, and sobbing and crying at the same time. And Paul
looked down and knew he had never seen her as beautiful as she was now.
And this beautiful broken creature was his.

The next 5 days Anne came over she always put up a fight at first. But
each time Paul would tie her down and fuck her till she begged for more.
And then she didn't fight anymore. And then Paul made Anne beg to be
fucked.
And Anne came to love being fucked by Paul. But each time, in the back of
her mind, a little voice would tell her that it was wrong, very wrong. And
that she was a slut for enjoying it and asking for it. And usually, when she
came, Anne would cry from the shame. And Paul was very happy.




Chapter 9 - An New Body

Life was good. Anne was getting more and more wrapped up in the porno
movies she watched. She loved being fucked from behind by Paul while
watching a woman being tortured on the screen. She was dressing and
acting even more slutty when they went out, flashing her pussy at anyone
who looked, without Paul even having to tell her to.
Anne always sat with her legs spread and never sat on the back of her
dress. Her tight dresses spent more time up around her waist than pulled
down over her ass and cunt. Paul had fucked her several times seated at the
table, and even once on the dance floor.

Then one day he realized what was bothering him. He owned Anne's mind
but she still owned her body. Not control of her body but the body itself. He
had taken her will and bent and destroyed it until she had no will except
for what he allowed.
But her body still looked like the body of the girl who used to be her own
person. And while she had a nice body, a killer body in fact, her tits were
only B and watching the films, Paul had grown accustomed to the over-
inflated breasts that most of the new porn stars had.
Just the thought of DD breasts glued to Anne's petite little frame got Paul
so hot that he grabbed Anne's head and pumped a load down her throat in
10 seconds.
And the face. It was beautiful but it had to change. Paul didn't want
anything different in particular, he just wanted to change Anne. Then she
would be completely a creature of his own making, body and soul.
And so Paul dipped a little further into his savings. And he found a plastic
surgeon who was willing to work on Anne. The doctor merely thought that
Anne was an eager participant and just wanted to hide the operation from
her parents. But for the money Paul was paying, he didn't really care to
press too hard about some of the requests. Because after all, money was
money.
But it did have to be kept hidden from Anne's parents. This required two
steps. The first was that Anne's breasts had to "naturally" grow over the
next several months. So Paul had Anne start wearing a padded bra.
Paul didn't tell Anne why. And Anne didn't argue with Paul anymore.
What was a padded bra compared to jerking off 20 strange men in the
parking lot outside a club, shooting their semen all over her face. If Paul
wanted her tits to look bigger, then that's what Anne would do.
"You're such a little slut my dear" Paul said stroking her face and
explaining it to her. "And sluts have big slut tits. You need to make
everyone think you have big tits so they know you're a slut. And as your
chest gets bigger and bigger everyone will start to think of you as a whore.
They may not say it but they'll know it."
And Anne looked up at Paul and knew he was right. Yes she was a whore
and a slut. And she needed to have whore tits so everyone knew what a
dirty little slut she was. So she wore the padded bras everywhere, even
under her nightgown in bed at night. Because if her parents found out she
was wearing a padded bra, that she wanted to have tits that big, there
would be no end of hell to pay.
And every week, when Paul would give her a slightly larger bra, she would
get more and more stares at her chest. Pretty soon she noticed that the boys
at school never looked at her face anymore. They would stare at her chest -
their gaze riveted on her swelling mounds. She even caught her father
looking at her at times in a totally different way.
Yes, yes, this was only right. Everyone was now seeing the true Anne.
Anne the whore. Anne the big-titted whore. And every once in a while
Anne would see someone who used to be a friend, some who liked her for
her, staring at her growing udders and fantasizing about them, and
something would catch in her throat. Because she wasn't the kind of girl
who had friends - no she was a whore who was there for boys to fuck.
And then one Saturday the doctor was ready and Paul sat Anne down and
explained to her what was going to happen. "You've been pretending that
you're a big titted cow for 2 months now. But you don't really have whore
tits. All you really have is little girl breasts. You're just a little baby."
Anne didn't know what to say to Paul. He was the one who wanted her to
wear the bra's. She couldn't help how her body looked. What did he want
her to do. Oh god, please don't let him decide that she wasn't good
enough. Why did she have to have this little girl body. It wasn't fair. And
she started to cry despairing that her body wasn't good enough.
Paul smiled. "Its ok my precious little slut. Its ok. We're going to fix it.
We'll fix you're little girl body and turn it into the body of a whore. Into a
body to match the perverted little slut that lives inside there. You have an
appointment in 2 hours for a plastic surgeon to give you a boob job."
Anne looked up in shock. What, surgery? A boob job? She looked down at
her body. That was her. That was Anne. OH MY GOD, a boob job meant
this would never end. Any boy she met, ever, would know she was a whore.
They would all treat her that way forever. There would never be any
escape.
Anne suddenly realized, even with all the walls that had been knocked
down, with all the parts of her that had been destroyed, her mind had still
hidden away in some corner, the hope that someday this would all end.
And when it ended, she would meet a normal boy, and they would lead a
normal life.
But the stares her fake chest had caused over the past month. EVEN
FROM HER OWN FATHER. No, no boy would settle down to a normal
life with a big titted whore. No, all she could be then was a slut - forever.
Paul couldn't do that, not forever, no not that.
"Please Paul no, please don't make me do this. I'm still just a kid. I'm only
17. I don't want to be a whore forever. This is forever Paul, please dear
god, I can't do this. Let me wear the bras. I'll keep wearing the bras. I'll
fuck you - come on Paul, don't you want to fuck my pussy right now."
Paul looked down at Anne and took her face in his hands. "You have to do
it Anne, you're a whore. You're a complete slut and slut's need big slut
udders, not these little girl breasts you have now. I love you Anne, I love
my big titted cow."
But she was still a little girl. Anne wanted to crawl back into her mothers
arms and have her mother make everything all right. Your mommy used to
do that when she was littler. Her mommy would never hold a big titted cow
in her arms. Oh dear god, she didn't want to change. This body was her,
this was Anne, a little scared 17 year old child.
Paul looked down and saw the confused little girl looking up at him and
whimpering. So beautiful and sexy and adorable. And how much nicer she
would look with big whore udders sticking out of that little chest.
"Ok my little slut, ok we won't do it." Paul said watching Anne's face light
up. "Leave."
Anne looked up confused. Leave? They hadn't done anything yet today.
Paul hadn't fucked her or had her suck him off. She hadn't watched her
videos yet. She was soo looking forward to watching one where one woman
had her pussy sewed up and another was hung by her tits. Her big whore
tits Anne recalled with a jerk.
And tonight. They were going out tonight. Paul would make her show men
her pussy. She would have to dance with men and let them feel her up and
jack them off. Oh god, Paul would probably make her jerk them off in the
parking lot. Jerk them off all over face and hair.
And as Anne catalogued what she had expected to do that day, all the
disgusting things she told herself, even then, that she detested, she got
aroused. Aroused over all the times she would cum that day. And how
intense it would be.
She suddenly heard Paul again - "Get out." What, get out? What was
wrong. didn't he want her? Didn't he want to spend the day together?
"Get out, leave. Leave right now little girl and don't come back. I don't
have time for a little girl like you. Get out of here" Paul said and with that
he dropped his hands from her face, turned and walked away.
oh no, OH GOD NO. Paul was throwing her out. They were breaking up.
No, NO NO NO. OH GOD NOOOO. She loved Paul. She loved him more
than anything. She couldn't lose him. She couldn't. She just couldn't.
Anne ran after Paul and threw herself at his feet wrapping her arms around
his ankles and sobbing her heart out. "Oh please god no Paul. I love you. I
love you. Please don't leave me. please please."
Paul smiled. The little whore did love him. Paul crouched down and pulled
Anne's tear streaked face up to him. "I don't have any use for a little girl.
Come back when you grow up little baby. I need a woman who is a grown
up big-titted cow. I don't have any use for a little girl slut like you. I want
a woman whose body shouts out that the only thing she could ever possibly
be is a slut."
Anne looked up at Paul. Yes, yes she could be a big titted cow for him. She
could change. Paul had even set up the operation for her. Paul loved her so
much that he was willing to help her change instead of just getting rid of
her. Oh god, Paul loved her and tried to help her and she had blown it.
How could she have done this. Yes, Paul needed a slut with big tits. She
needed to have the kind of chest a whore should have. She was Paul's
special whore. She needed to give him the kind of tits a whore should have.
Oh god, how could she have been so selfish after all Paul had done for her.
"Ok, ok, I'll do it. I'll do it Paul" Anne sobbed up to Paul.
"Its more than just your tits slut. He'll change your face, he'll reduce your
waist, and he'll change the tendons in your feet so your feet are only
comfortable in heels. This is a complete make-over my little love fuck. You
go in a little 17 year old baby girl. You come out a grown up whore. Do
you want that? Do you slut?"
Oh god shuddered Anne. Oh god, she didn't want to do this. But she loved
Paul. She needed to keep him. And Paul needed her to do this. This was
important, no necessary to Paul. How could she tell him no for something
so important. Yes, yes she would do this for him.
"Yes Paul, whatever you decide. I love you, I love you so very much. Yes
my love."
"There's one last thing my love" Paul said tenderly. "There's only one way
to get this past your parents."
Oh my god, her parents. The bra would have them ready for new real
boobs. But not changes to her face. What could she tell them.
"I have to hit you in the face" Paul said, actually looking sad. "That way
the hospital records that you were assaulted, the doctor fixes up your face,
but in the process it changes.
Anne looked at Paul in fear. Hit her, he had to hit her. "No Paul, please no.
Don't hit me, please don't hit me. I'll work it out with my parents. I will.
I'll make it ok, I promise. Please don't hit me" Anne wailed.
"I love you Anne. I don't want to hurt you. But I have to. You can't make
it right with your parents otherwise. I love you my darling darling Anne.
I'm sorry but I have to hit you and break your nose."
Anne looked up at Paul and realized he really didn't want to hit her. He
did love her. Oh god, he loved her so much. He didn't want to hit her and
was going to do it anyways because he loved her so much. Yes, yes, if he
had to do it she didn't want to cause him more pain by fighting it.
"Ok Paul, hit me. Break my nose. Do it, hit me" Anne said and looked up
at Paul.
Paul cocked his fist back, prepared to swing, and looking at Anne suddenly
realized, he couldn't do it. He couldn't hit this beautiful creature. He loved
her too much. He loved the little slut. And he lowered his arm.
Anne was so tensed up for the punch it took her a couple of seconds to
realize what was happening. He wasn't hitting her. Why not? What was
wrong. Oh god, did she do something wrong.
"I-I-I ca-can't do it" Paul said. "I can't hit you dear Anne."
Relief swept through Anne's body. And then she realized, he loved her so
much. Oh god, he loved, her he loved her, he loved her. But - but he
needed a big titted whore. How would she get in to the hospital. Oh god,
what if left her now.
Paul looked over at Anne. "You need to help me Anne. Help me hit you."
Anne looked confused. She had to help him. She couldn't do that. It was
all she could do to let him hit her. But wait, she couldn't lose him. Not
after he said he loved her. She had to keep Paul, she had to.
"Its ok, go ahead and hit me" she said. "Its ok, I want you to hit me Paul. I
love you and I want you to hit me. Please hit me, please hit me dear Paul
my love" Anne begged.
Paul looked down at her and saw this yearning face that loved him. He
couldn't do it. He couldn't hit that. "PISS ME OFF YOU CUNT."
"Wha-what?"
"Piss me off. Get me mad at you. Make me want to hit you you dumb slut."
"You-you-you're mean, you're bad. You-you, oh you're a shit. You're a
lousy fuck. I love sucking all the other men off but not you. I dance with
other men because their cocks feel so much nicer. My vibrator feels so
much better than your cock."
And it was starting to work. Paul was starting to get pissed at this little
tramp. How dare she say things like this to him. How dare she.
And Anne could see he was starting to get worked up. She continued to
piss Paul off every way she could think of as he got angrier and angrier.
And then she could see it in his eyes. He was ready. Ready to hit. And then
she realized what was holding him back. Even though he wanted to hit her
now, his love was stopping him. His love would stop him, no matter how
mad she got him.
And then she knew what to do. "I don't love you. I don't. How could I love
someone who can't even hit me. I hate you. I hate you Paul." And as she
saw Paul swing his fist toward her face she shouted "yes hit me, hit m--
OOOOWWWWW OOOOHHH GGGOOOOOODDDDD, IT HURTS IT
HURTS. OH GOD PAUL IT HURTS SO MUCH. OH GOD MAKE IT
STOP PAUL."
And Paul collapsed to his knees next to Anne and gathered her in his arms.
"I love you Anne. I love you, I love you I love you. I'm so so sorry Anne."
"Its ok Paul. I wanted you to do it. Oh god Paul, it hurts so much. Please
get me to the hospital. Please hurry."

Paul rushed Anne to the hospital. He reported that he had seen some bum
punch her so he ran over punched the bum and rushed her to the hospital.
At the hospital they were very fortunate, Dr. Smith, an excellent plastic
surgeon had just had a patient "cancel" and had his team standing by. It all
worked just as Paul and Dr. Smith had planned.
Paul stayed in the surgery waiting room with Anne's family. He was the
concerned bystander who had helped a stranger out. And with that act, was
welcomed into Anne's family as a hero. Someone who had rescued their
baby from some awful stranger. They all talked for hours as Anne was in
surgery.
Meanwhile, Dr. Smith reduced Anne's nose to a much smaller size. The
cheeks he moved up. Paul hadn't cared how her face changed as long as it
was significant. For extra effect, Dr. Smith removed most of Anne's
eyebrows leaving two thin lines.
Next came Anne's waist. The good doctor went in and rearranged Anne's
organs a little. The idea was to bring her waist in by pushing some a little
toward the ribcage and others into the pelvis. It actually didn't take much
to make more room. And then he excised virtually all the fat in there, cut
out two strips of skin, and when sewn back up, Anne had a waist that was
permanently 4" narrower. Even in a swimsuit, with no corset, Anne would
have an extreme hourglass figure.
The doctor then proceeded on the riskiest part of the operation. He had
talked to Paul about this and Paul though it was worth trying. Instead of
using silicone, the Doctor was going to put the fat from Anne's stomach
into her breasts. Normally this wouldn't work. But at 17 Anne's body was
still growing. And her breasts were definitely still growing. And the
growing body had a decent chance of accepting fat from another part of her
own body.
Finally, after finishing Anne's new natural breasts, the doctor moved to her
ankles. He shortened her Achilles tendon and loosened the tendons on the
front of her ankle. Anne's feet would now slip into a 5" heel when relaxed.
And it would be painful and difficult for her to hold her feet flat.
Finally the doctor injected Anne's breasts with a growth hormone to
increase the chances of her body growing and accepting the transplanted
fat. Even in the surgery, with surgical clothes draping her body, the doctor
could see, Anne now had a body designed for one thing - sex.
He then went out to report to the worried parents that their daughter was
ok. And to warn them that he had had to perform major reconstructive
surgery on her face. She would still be beautiful, but her face would be a
little different. Anne's parents were so relieved that they didn't care. Their
little baby was going to be ok.
And the nice young man who rescued their baby, they invited him in to the
recovery room to to see her. When Paul started to cry seeing how lovely she
looked Anne's parents felt even more special toward him. How very nice
that stranger cared so much. They would have to invite him over for
dinner.

Anne spent 3 days recovering in the hospital. No one thought anything of
the nice young man who had rescued her coming in regularly to see her - it
was an all too common situation. And no one noticed that when he was
alone with her, he would finger fuck Anne to the brink of orgasm.
And Anne never resisted when Dr. Smith on his rounds would let his
hands stray from her tits to her pussy. She was a whore and whore's didn't
complain when men felt their pussies.
And Anne saw her breasts. Her giant cow udders. They looked obscene on
her small petite body. The bra had never bothered Anne because she knew
it wasn't real. It wasn't a part of her. But these were a part of her. And it
did bother her to see them. Anyone who looked at her could only think of
one thing, fucking her. And after making herself cum each night, she
would fall asleep crying over what she had become.
Then the day came to get up. Paul helped her get up and had thoughtfully
provided her with slippers that had a heel so she could actually stand up. In
her weakened state she would not be able to walk flat-footed. Anne walked
over to the mirror and a stranger looked back at her.
Her face, it wasn't her face anymore. It wasn't that much different but it
wasn't her. Not the face she had slowly seen grow up in the mirror the last
17 years. And she suddenly realized, this was Paul's face. This was the
face Paul had selected for her. And he owned her face the same way he
owned her.
And her waist. God how did it get so small. Her tits looked even more
oversize on top of her small waist. That wasn't a woman's body in the
mirror, that was every man's wet dream. Suddenly Anne had to go back to
the bed. She laid down and cried and cried for hours as she realized, Anne
was gone. She didn't know who that was in the mirror but little Anne, a
little 17 year old girl was gone. The body in the mirror belonged to the
grown up big titted whore Paul wanted. And Anne was gone. And the little
girl Anne trapped inside the cow with the big udders cried and cried
because she was gone forever.
And Paul sat by her side in the hospital room and stroked her hair and told
her how beautiful her new whore body was and how he loved his little fuck
slut. And as he saw her cry over the little Anne that was forever gone, he
loved her more and more.
And Anne realized that she truly was nothing more than a big-titted whore,
in body as well as in spirit now. That she did deserve to have this body.
Because all she was was a fuck toy. All she wanted to be was Paul's slut
cunt. And that she now had her natural body.
And as she spent the next couple of weeks mostly recuperating in bed, she
played with herself time and time again imagining all the things Paul
would now have her do with her new slut body. And she came time and
time again to those fantasies, never understanding why she cried after each
cum.




Chapter 10 - Dancing

Over the next few weeks Anne learned to cope with her new body. The
most difficult part was having to wear heels everywhere. She even got
plastic heels to wear in the shower because it hurt too much to stand flat-
footed for that long.
And all of the shoes Anne wore had very thin heels, Paul saw to that. Even
at school. Balancing on stiletto heels is not always an easy task. And
Anne's new chest threw off her balance. So she was always in danger of
falling. This had the effect of making Anne very unsure of herself
whenever she was standing or walking.
And Anne's new boobs totally threw her off balance. And she wasn't used
to them so she would constantly bump into things or people. Or turn and
knock something down with them. They were just always getting in her
way and throwing her off.
The end result was that Anne became very unsure of herself physically.
The only time she could relax was when she was lying down. And she was
almost always playing with herself or fucking when she was lying down.
So she started to equate sex with the only time she was physically confident
of her body.
Anne was alternately repelled and excited by her new body. One minute
she would look at her giant cow udders and shudder at the thought of her
whore body. Then she would watch a movie where a big-titted whore was
being tortured and would love squeezing her tits and loving how, even with
both hands, she could not circle a single tit.
Paul had Anne tell him what she enjoyed watching when she masturbated
to her porno movies. Anne loved watching women get pierced with
needles. As she saw more and more needles pushed into a woman's breasts
and ass and pussy she would rub her clit faster and faster.
And she would tell Paul how much she loved watching it. She would tell
him what was coming next. How the next set of needles would go through
the woman's clit. And as the woman on the screen was screaming in
agony, Anne would be climaxing and screaming with joy.
Then, as she came of off the climax, Anne would want to turn the video
off. Without the build up toward a cum the films didn't excite her, they
disgusted her. And the thought that she had just cum while watching it
disgusted her even more.
But Paul would make her leave the film on, make her continue watching it.
And make her tell him what she loved about it. And Anne would have to
talk about the parts that minutes ago would have made her cum. She had to
talk as though watching a needle pressed into a woman's breast was
exciting and arousing.
Anne didn't even know herself anymore. Who was this woman telling Paul
that these movies excited her? How could she even pretend that she liked
something so vile. And as Paul would stroke her face and tell her that she
was his special love slut, and that he loved watching her cum to these
videos, she would look at Paul and realize how much she loved him, and
how special he was to her.
And then Paul would tell her that she was a dirty little slut. A whore for
dumping cum into. That she was just a little piece of fuck meat. That she
was only good for one thing, but that he loved her anyway. And Anne
would cringe as he told her this. But then Paul would point to her whore
body. He would slap her big cow udders and remind her that only a whore
would have tits that big. That only a whore would have a bare pussy and
wear heels everywhere. That only a whore would sit and watch movies like
these and get off on them.
And Anne would shake her head back and forth, no, no she wasn't what he
said. The movies disgusted her. Her big whore tits disgusted her. This
wasn't her. But even as she would be shaking her head, her body would be
starting to work up again. The thought of how disgusting she acted when
she was hot, the vision of the dirty little piece of hot trash should would be,
that vision would get her hot again.
Her disgust with herself would turn her back on. And so, she was in a
vicious cycle, coming down from a cum, getting disgusted with the dirty
little tramp she had become, and getting turned on by the image of the
dirty little tramp, to cum again.
And Paul would watch her, and talk to her, and see her cum again and
again, all afternoon long. A sleazy little whore using a vibrator and her
hands on her pussy, her clit, and her tits. And every once in a while he
would see in her eyes the look of a trapped animal, An animal trapped in
her own cycle of lust. Wanting to break out but not able to.

And with Anne's new body, Paul had had to take her shopping again.
None of her old clothes fit anymore. But that was ok. This time he took her
to the lingerie store and had her stand in the changing room with the door
open as the sales girl brought her clothes to try on.
And through it all, other shoppers, mostly women, but a few men, would
walk by and look in on Anne changing from one bra to another or from
one corset to another. And Paul would keep her facing the open door so
that they could see her bare pussy and humongous tits.
And Anne could hear them. The women would make comments like
"whore" and "slut" and "cow." And the men would look right at her,
imagining their pricks buried in her pussy or between her tits. And Anne
would hang her head in shame, knowing that all these decent, good people
knew that she was a dirty little whore. Oh god, she was so disgusting.
And then Paul told her to play with her pussy while waiting for the sales
girl to bring back some more stockings. And Anne, who had zoned out to
avoid the comments of the people walking by, just dropped her hand to her
clit without thinking and started to rub her clit.
Oh god, it felt so good. The debasement up to now had made her feel
totally disgusting. So almost immediately her body started to respond to
her fingers. Yes, she was a dirty little cunt. Oh god yes, everyone knew she
was a whore. Just looking at her they knew what she was.
Anne was so wrapped up in playing with herself that she didn't notice the
sales girl at first. The sales girl stood in shock looking at Anne. Here was
this woman standing there, naked, with giant whore tits and a bald pussy,
rubbing her clit and building toward a cum. She couldn't believe it. How
totally disgusting.
Anne suddenly realized what she was doing and stopped. She saw the look
of total disgust in the salesgirls eyes and turned away in tears. Oh god, how
could she be so dirty. How could she. She was sick, just plain sick. And
Paul grabbed her, turned her toward him, and slapped her, asking her how
dare she be so disgusting.
Anne started to collapse to the ground when Paul grabbed her and held her
up, his head next to hers, his mouth by her ear. "Rub your clit" he
whispered. "Make yourself cum."
Anne froze in shock. WHAT? DO WHAT? She couldn't do that. That was
too disgusting even for a slut like her. The sales girl already thought she
was a dirty whore. She couldn't keep playing with her clit.
"Now slut" Paul whispered through clenched teeth. "You know you have to
cum you whore. Think of yourself playing with your clit in front of this
innocent little girl. She's probably never seen another woman nude before.
And you're going to show her what you look like when you cum. She will
think you are such a dirty little pig, and she'll be right. Cum for her, show
her how dirty you are. You know you want to do it."
And with each word from Paul Anne got hotter and hotter, until she
couldn't stand it anymore. The thought of appearing to this young girl as a
complete slut was getting her hotter and hotter. Oh god, she had to cum.
She just had to. And Anne dropped her hands to her clit and started to play
with herself again.
The young sales clerk looked on in utter disgust, rooted to the spot by the
utter depravity of it. She had never seen anyone have sex, and here was
some big-titted whore masturbating right in front of her. How could she.
How could any woman sink to such an utterly low level of depravity.
And Anne saw the look on the girls face, closed her eyes in shame, and
came and came and came. And as she came she sunk to the floor, still
rubbing her clit. And then finally she stopped, kneeling on the floor, with
her head hung in shame, unwilling to look at anyone.
And Paul bent down next to her, pulled her head back, and said "Anne,
you need to apologize to this young girl. This sales girl here is a decent and
good girl, not a dirty little whore like you. You need to tell her you're sorry
you did this in front of her.
And Anne looked up at the sales girl and realized with a shock that she
wasn't that much different from Anne. She was 17 or 18, probably had a
boyfriend, friends at school, just like Anne. No, nothing like herself. This
was a good girl, a decent girl. This girl was disgusted by Anne, and she
should be, Anne was nothing like her. Anne was a depraved big-titted
whore. She was not at all like this girl.
And as Anne realized how different she was from this girl. This girl who
was exactly what Anne used to be, she started to cry. Oh god, she had sunk
so low. Look at her, naked, making herself cum in front of a stranger, on
the floor of the changing room. Oh god, she was so dirty.
"Tell her you're sorry."
"I-I'm sorry" Anne whimpered and started to cry.
"Tell her you're a dirty little whore and you can't help your self."
Oh god no. "I-I'm a dirty little slut - I can't stop it - I have to cum - I'm
I'm sorry. Please forgive me." Anne begged.
And at that point the sales girl lost it she was so disgusted she threw the
clothes she was carrying onto the floor, turned and ran out of the changing
room and slammed the door to the room, finally giving Anne the privacy
she wanted.
"Oh Anne, my dirty little whore. Why can't you control yourself? Do you
realize what that girl thinks of you my little slut? She thinks you're the
most perverted person in the entire world. And she might be right you
know. Do you think that's possible my little fuck toy?"
And Anne looked up at Paul with horror on her face. Oh god, she was so
dirty and perverted. She hadn't ever seen the contrast before between what
she had been, and what she had become. Oh god, she was so filthy. Oh god
help her. And Anne threw her arms around Paul and cried "oh no, oh god
no. What have I become. Oh god help me."
And Paul put on arm around her back to hug her and whispered to her "its
ok Anne my little slut. I love you Anne. I love your big cow tits and your
shaved whore pussy, and your dirty slut body that masturbates in front of
innocent little girls."
And as Paul talked to Anne his other hand went down to her clit and
started rubbing it.
Anne stiffened immediately. Oh god no, no she thought Don't do this. I'm
not a slut, I'm not. Why am I getting turned on by this. I can't be, its too
dirty. Oh god I should be ashamed by this and I'm getting turned on by it.
No no n --- "OH GOD, OH NO, OOOHHH." And Anne came.
And as she came she cried even more, because only a true sex slut would
cum now. And Paul continued to rub her pussy as Anne came and came
and cried and cried. Until finally she could take no more and collapsed.
And Paul looked down at his lovely slut, awash in tears and sweat, wrung
out from cum after cum, and smiled.
It cost Paul a $300.00 tip to stop the sales girl from calling mall security.
And as Anne walked out the store she heard her call her "whore" and
flinched as though hit. Because the truth hurts.

Paul was invited over to Anne's house for dinner, to thank him for saving
their daughter from the bum who had punched her. Anne's father, mother,
and younger sisters all thought Paul was wonderful. And Paul charmed all
of them.
Anne was incredibly nervous the entire time. She didn't know how to act
with Paul in front of her parents. And whenever she started to relax, Paul
would make some comment, innocuous to the rest, that set her off. She was
mostly quiet, deferring to everything he said.
But through it all, there were looks of care directed by Anne toward Paul.
She couldn't hide her love for him. Of course her parents thought it was
the looks of a young girl for an older man who had saved her. Not the
looks of a sex toy for her master.
And when Paul asked if he could take Anne dancing that night, her parents
said ok. He was a nice boy who had saved her. And she seemed to like him.
Yes he was a little old, but they knew him, and that made it ok. So Anne
and Paul left to go dancing, with Anne's parents permission.
Once they were in the car, still in sight of Anne's house, Paul had Anne
start undressing. Once she had stripped and was naked, Paul threw her
clothes in the back and handed her her outfit for the evening. It was one
they had bought earlier in the day.
The skirt was a white thin material that tightly stretched around Anne's
waist and was basically transparent letting anyone view her cunt and ass.
For the top, all there was was two white suspenders, each about 2" wide
that went up, over her shoulders, and attached in the back. The straps went
over her nipples but didn't cover much else of her tits. And with her big
tits, that left a lot to be seen.
The bottom of the skirt had garter belts attached that then attached to her
stockings, which were also white. And then to top it off, she had white lace
gloves and white 7" heels. It wasn't the same as being naked Anne
realized, it was worse. Because everything could still be seen, but the
clothes were a reminder that most people wore clothes that did cover them
up.
And when Anne stood up, the full effects of the skirt became even more
obvious. The skirt was only about 4" wide unstretched. The combination of
the garters and suspenders stretched it to a decent length - above her
thighs. But where it ran across her pussy and ass, it was only 4" high. It
didn't even cover all of her pussy or ass.
Anne was a whore. And as she imagined the evening in store for her. As
she realized how she looked, she shuddered and started to finger her pussy.
Oh yes Paul she thought. Take me and use me. Show your little whore to
everyone. Make me suck their cocks and cover me in cum. Fuck me all
night long. And Anne came on her fingers thinking about the night ahead.

Paul pulled into the parking lot of the strip club. He parked the car and got
Anne out. Anne looked around wondering what this was going to be like.
As they walked up to the door, Anne barely able to walk in her 7" heels,
she was starting to get nervous.
Inside she actually relaxed a little. All the other women in there were
dressed like she was. It was actually comfortable to be amoung other
women dressed the same way. Of course they all worked there but still, it
was nice not to stand out.
Paul walked her up to 2 chairs next to the stage and sat her in one, sitting
down next to her. He looked up on the stage where a woman was spreading
her pussy for the crowd. He pulled out a pile of tens and slapped one up on
the stage.
The dancer on the stage moved over Paul's way to collect and he handed a
10 to Anne. "Put it up on the stage slut."
Anne took the 10 and placed it up on the stage. The dancer looked at her
funny, and reached for it, spreading her legs giving Anne a beaver shot as
a thank you. Anne blushed and looked away.
"Don't look away whore - you paid 10 for that beaver shot" Paul told
Anne. "Here, hold this 10 up for her and she'll let you put it between her
garter belt and leg."
"Wha-what?" asked Anne shocked.
"Give her the 10 now." hissed Paul. "Before I get pissed."
Anne turned back toward the stage and held the 10 out, her hand shaking.
The dancer came over, pulled Anne's hand over, and helped her deposit
the 10. The dancer then leaned back the give Anne another beaver shot and
as Anne turned away, she heard Paul say "look at her pussy slut. You paid
so you look." Anne stared as the woman spread her pussy lips giving her a
view of her pussy.
For the next couple of dances Paul let Anne just watch. And Anne found
herself enjoying the show. These women were sluts. Maybe not as big a
slut as she was but there were someone she could relate to. They were not
from a different world like the sales girl she had cum in front of earlier.
These girls wouldn't mind if she played with herself here.
And as Anne started to enjoy the show, one hand slipped down to her clit
and started to rub it. God that felt good. This was so nice, That girl up
there looked good, sort of like the one who had her tits bound and whipped
in one of her favorite films. Oh god she would love to see that, to see that
woman bound to the stage, her tits tied tight in ropes and whipped with a
cane. God she would love to watch her scream.
And as she fantasized, she started rubbing her clit faster and faster. Several
of the people near the front started watching Anne instead of the show.
And as Anne realized they were watching her she rubbed her clit faster and
faster. Oh god, it felt so good. Oh yes she wanted to cum. And then when
she was about to cum Paul grabbed her hand and pulled it away.
"NNNOOOoooo" she cried. "Please let me cum. Please let your little whore
cum."
"You can cum, but first give the dancer some money. Give her enough to
come over here and spread her pussy for you. You can play with your clit
while looking at her pussy."
Anne grabbed the pile of 10s from Paul and put them all up on the stage.
The dancer came over, and seeing the pile, immediately dropped her g-
string, laid back, and spread her legs for Anne. Anne immediately started
frigging her clit while staring at the dancers pussy.
It looks so gorgeous thought Anne. All bare like mine. Oh I'd love to see it
whipped, that would make me so hot. Oh god, she's pulling her pussy lips
open, she's spreading her cunt for me. Oh god, I'm going to cum I'm
going t--- "OOOHHHHH GGGOOOOOODDDDDDDD" Anne yelled as
everyone looked over at her.
The manager ran over. "God damn it, you can't do that her. I'm going to
get arrested. Get out of her you fucking whore" he said.
Anne looked up stricken. Oh god no, she was too slutty even for here.
Paul looked up and calmly said "how about this. Instead of throwing her
out, let her dance. She just needs an outlet for her urges. If you kick her out
she'll end up blowing everyone in the parking lot and you'll be in even
more trouble. Let her dance."
Oh yes thought Anne, let me dance. Don't kick me out. Let me spread my
pussy for everyone in here.
"Ok" said the manager, she's up.
And with that Anne walked up on the stage and started to dance to the
music. She wasn't very good but she had an incredible body. She shook her
tits and spread her pussy. And the customers could tell she was hot. This
wasn't a fake act like most of the dancers did. They could tell the girl up
there, the one with the big whore hooters and the bare slut pussy, she
wanted to fuck every man in the room.
And Anne loved it. She was acting like a complete slut and the men were
all cheering for her. This is where she belonged. This was where the new
Anne could be herself and be accepted and appreciated for what she was.
And she danced and gyrated, and without even touching her clit, she came.
Up there on the stage in front of all those horny men she fell to her knees
as she came.

And for the next several months, almost every Saturday night, Paul would
pick Anne up from her house for a date. And he would take her to the strip
club where she was one of the most popular dancers. And Anne loved it
because she could sink down to her most depraved level and the customers
loved her.
But Paul was wrong about one thing. It didn't work off her urges. Every
time, as soon as she finished her number, Anne went out to the back alley.
And back there she would suck off every man who came back for a blow-
job.
Because the dancing wasn't enough. She had to have the sex. She had to be
used by the men in the club. She needed to be drowning in cum. To have it
in her hair, on her face, and all over her lovely big tits. She needed to be
their fuck toy.
And finally Paul had to stop Anne's career as a dancer. The night she blew
86 men. It wasn't that it was too many for Anne. But at this rate the police
were bound to notice. Hell, at that rate sooner or later she would end up
blowing someone who knew her.




Chapter 11 - Birthday

Every day Anne went through the same routine. She would wake up and
use her vibrator to make herself cum. She then would go in to the
bathroom, remove her butt-plug, and shit and pee.
Then, she would fill up the enema bag and give herself an enema. At
Paul's instructions she would hold the enema while she soaped herself off,
and rubbed herself to another climax. Then finally she would let the enema
out, lube up the butt-plug, and re-insert it.
Aside from the morning in the bathroom the butt-plug was always in
Anne's ass. And over time, even as Paul had kept giving Anne bigger and
bigger butt-plugs, Anne had come to feel as though it was normal to have
the plug there. She was actually uncomfortable when it was out.
And so, wherever Anne was, at breakfast with her family, at school, with
friends, when she was sitting down she was always reminded of Paul by the
extra pressure the butt-plug brought on her ass.
And every night, as she went to sleep, she used her vibrator again, getting
herself off. Sometimes only once. But many times 2, 3 , or more times.
And while many times her fantasies started off as something romantic, the
visions of men using her, dumping their loads of cum on her face,
whipping and beating her took over. And Anne found herself climaxing to
scenes of utter depravity in her mind. Because her mind could only connect
an orgasm with being used and abused.

And then it happened. It was inevitable in hindsight. How normal can a
young girl act around her family and teachers when part of the time she is
a wanton slut. If sometimes the normal position is to sit with your legs
spread, pussy exposed, playing with your clit - then its hard to remember
other times you are supposed to be prim and proper, showing nothing,
doing nothing.
While Anne's parents had become more and more worried about how she
was acting, Anne had managed to brush them off. But when one of her
teachers reported her to the school counselor for masturbating during
class,
then the shit hit the fan.
The school called Anne's parents who came in to talk. Talking to each
other it became obvious that Anne had "problems." No one wanted to say
sex. The actual specifics never came up. But when Anne was called in the
counselor and Anne's parents had decided - they were going to work
together on Anne to straighten her out.
And Anne's parents laid part of the blame on Paul. They should never
have let her date someone so much older than her. That just couldn't be
allowed anymore. Anne needed to concentrate on school, and then, once
she had straightened herself out, find a nice young man her own age.
And so, suddenly Paul was cut off from Anne. When school ended Anne
spent an hour talking to the school counselor. And then she had to go
straight home to her mother and do her homework. She was only allowed
to go out to school & parent supervised parties.
And the counselor did a good job. Anne didn't tell her about Paul - oh god
she couldn't tell anyone about that. But the counselor realized that Anne
had almost no self-respect. And so she slowly built that up. And she talked
with Anne about love and caring and respect. And Anne started to realize
what she was missing.
And without Paul there to reinforce his lessons, Anne started to think
about
finding a boy who would love her, and be kind to her and take care of her.
And she found her sexual fantasies started to have caring men, even as she
came.
And then one night, she didn't even play with herself. Anne just dropped
off to sleep thinking of the man who would someday come sweep her off
her feet. And a few days after that, the butt-plug was put away. Anne
didn't stop the enema's because to her, that was part of being clean. But
the rest was put away.
And over a period of 2 months, the school counselor had worked a minor
miracle. In the place of a dirty little slut with no self respect stood a
young
lady. Like any teenager Anne was filled with worries and self-doubt. But
they had rescued the young girl who still lived inside her. And her time
with Paul was becoming a remote, bad dream.
Anne even discovered between the occasional battles that she liked and
appreciated her parents. All these things that had disappeared in the haze
of constant sex were returning. And she liked it. She had a happy life
again.
And the boys at school really liked her. She knew a lot of it was because
of
her new body. Most of them couldn't keep their eyes off of her giant tits.
But they talked to her. They were nice to her. They would do anything for
her. And she loved being treated that way.
And as her parents saw Anne return to normal, they started letting her date
again. And the boys who dated Anne were in heaven. After what Anne had
been through, giving a kind desperate boy a quick blow-job or even a fuck
was nothing. And the boys all got to fuck this stunning girl, who would
spread her legs at the slightest chance.
And as Anne was living her dream, a problem started to descend on her.
They didn't turn her on. Yes she got a little excited. But she never had an
orgasm on a date. None of the boys at school got her off. Now this was
probably due to the fact that they came so soon. But Anne didn't know this.
All she knew was that gentle lovemaking wasn't giving her what she
needed.
And so we have Anne, dissatisfied with her love life. Plenty of sex but no
turn-on. Not sure what she needed but knowing that there was something
better. And not sure how to get there.
And meanwhile we have poor Paul. Desperate for Anne, his one true love.
The one woman who gave him everything he needed. Unable to contact her
because of her father. Trying to think of some way to get her back.
And then Anne's mother brought them back together. Not realizing what
she was doing, Anne's mother sent Paul an invitation to Anne's birthday
party. Anne was turning 18 and her parents were throwing a party for her
at a local teen dance club.

Anne was welcoming guests when Paul walked up. "Wh-what are you
doing here" she asked.
"I was invited - didn't you send me the invitation" he replied.
"N-no, I didn't" Anne was getting a little flustered. She wasn't really
sure
what she was feeling inside except confused - really confused. Why oh why
did Paul have to come tonight.
"I brought you a present, don't you want to know what it is" Paul asked.
"Sure - what is it."
"Well, I call it my favorite highlights. Its 2 hours of you doing what you
do
best. I thought you would like to see it."
"Oh no Paul - no - no more. I won't do it anymore. I don't care what you
say. I'm not going to do it." Anne said feeling very scared, but very
determined too. She had been rescued from the depths of depravity and she
wasn't going to go back down again.
"I'm not going to show it to anyone else - at least not if you watch it one
last time with me."
Anne felt elation when Paul said he wouldn't show it to anyone, and then
dread at the thought of watching it again. She couldn't do that - she
couldn't relive those times.
"Its very simple my love. We go watch it in the office back there by
ourselves right now - OR I put it up on that big screen TV over there.
You'll see it either way. But I think your classmates would like it
better."
Oh god no. She had her life back together. She couldn't let everyone see
what she was. She could watch it. The party was going and she wouldn't
be missed. This was supposed to be so fun, turning 18 with everyone
paying attention to her. It was all ruined by Paul. But she would survive.
Anne turned and walked toward the office Paul had pointed to. Paul
followed with his tape. They went in locked the door and Paul started the
tape.
Oh my god thought Anne. That can't be me. I wouldn't dress like that. All
those people can see my tits through the dress. OH GOD, they can see my
pussy and my ass. I'm dressed like a complete slut. No no, that's not me.
Oh god, did I really do that. I'm jacking strange men off on the dance
floor. Everyone in there can see what a slut I am.
Paul looked over at Anne as the tears started to flow down her face. She
was sitting there all stiff fighting what she was seeing. Paul reached over
and stroked her hair and Anne jumped as though hit.
Oh god, he's here. He's touching my hair. And look at what he made me
do. Look at all those men jacking off on my face covering me with their
cum. He made me do that. That's not me. I'm not a whore. Paul made me
do it. Oh god, I'm playing with myself as they do it. Oh no, I got off from
being in the center of a circle jerk. How could I have ever been so
disgusting.
"Is it too much for you" Paul asked. "Can't handle seeing what a slut you
were? That's you there in the middle. And you loved every minute of it.
Look at yourself cum. You can't even see your face under all that cum and
you're jerking in continuous orgasm. God you are such a whore."
And Anne stared mesmerized. She couldn't have been turned on by this.
Oh god no. And then the screen showed Anne masturbating while
watching a TV. And then it turned to show what was on the TV. While
listening to herself cum Anne watched skewers being pushed through
another woman's breasts. NO NO NO she couldn't be cuming while
watching that. It was so sick. That woman was in pain. And Anne was
cuming over her pain. No, there was something wrong here - she never did
that.
And then the camera was facing Anne as Anne talked to the camera. "God
I love that. That's one of my favorite films. I love watching that girl
scream as he pushes skewer after skewer through her tits. Oh god its so hot
when it pops out the other side of her breast. It makes me cum."
And Anne saw herself on the screen getting off just describing the scene.
"Oh please let me watch the one where they whip that blonde's butt and
tits till they bleed. Oh please Paul it gets me off so much. Look at me I'm
cumming just thinking about it. Oh please let me watch Paul."
And then Anne saw a new tape start and she saw herself turn and
frantically rub her clit while watching another woman get whipped.
And Anne suddenly realized that she was breathing real hard. Her blood
was racing. And as she pushed her hand down toward her stomach, her
hand kept going until it was pushed against her clit. NO NO she wasn't
getting turned on by this. It was disgusting. That person on the screen was
a disgusting little creature. That wasn't her.
And Anne pushed her hand against her clit harder trying to stop the
feelings boiling up through her blood. No no, stop it she thought to
herself.
She had to stop it. "Stop it, stop it right now Paul. I've seen enough."
Paul looked over. What was going on. Her face looked like she was in utter
agony. Every muscle in her body was stretched. Her eyes looked like those
of a wild animal. She looked like she was about to run. He couldn't loose
her. This was his only chance to keep this beautiful creature he loved so
much.
And then Paul saw the fist against her clit, pushing as hard as it could.
"Rub that clit you slut. rub it and you can go. Rub it now and you can go
you little cunt."
And Anne grasped at a way out. Rub her clit and she could go. He would
let her out of here. She had to get out of here. She started rubbing her
clit
like a madwoman. Oh god yes, this would get her out. Rub her clit and she
could get out. Oh yes.
And up on the screen she saw herself dancing on a stage. All around her
men were looking at her as she spread he pussy for them. Look at that
cheap whore up on that stage. Look at her show her cunt to anyone with a
dollar bill. God she was a cheap slut. Look at her get off on that.
And then the camera shifted to the parking lot outside as a line of men
worked its way to her. And as each man got in front of her, she desperately
reached for their cock and sucked them off. And she was rubbing her clit
so hard now as she saw herself greedily drinking down cum shot after cum
shot. She was such a disgusting tramp.
"no no NO NO NO - THAT'S NOT ME" Anne shouted. "That's not
meeeee. Oh god nnoooo." And then she heard Paul whispering in her ear
"yes it is. You're a little whore. You're not happy unless you have buckets
of cum on your face and in your stomach. I had to drag you away from
there you slut."
And with that Anne broke into tears whimpering "no no no no. oh god
please no." as she started to cum. And then the orgasm started to blast
through her. Waves upon waves of pleasure. Oh god, it felt so good. Oh yes
it felt good. "Oh yes yes YES" she shouted.
And as Anne saw Paul fucking her on the screen, telling her what a dirty
little fuck she was. How she was nothing but a bitch dog in heat, she came
and came and came. Oh god it felt so good. She forgot how good it felt. OH
GOD YES.
And Anne continued to cum for the next 20 minutes, with climax after
climax rolling through her body while she watched the film. And as the
film ended, Anne's climaxes decreased in volume. Aftershocks still
shooting through her body as she laid there, totally limp.
"Bye Anne. I love you but I'm leaving you as you asked" Paul said as he
got up to go to the door.
"No wait" Anne gasped. "Why are you leaving?"
"You watched the film. That was the deal. I'm out of your life now - isn't
that what you wanted?"
"No - no, I - I - " and then Anne stopped, not knowing what to say.
"I love you Anne. I can make you happy. But only if you want me. And
since you don't - bye."
As Anne saw Paul turning to leave she didn't have time to think. But the
aftershocks she was feeling now were more than anything she had had with
any of the boys in school. She couldn't let that go (at least not right now
in
the afterglow).
"Don't go Paul - I still love you too" Anne said.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes - yes I'm sure. Don't go."
"Fine, kiss my foot."
"What" Anne said shocked. He couldn't mean that.
"Right now cunt. Kneel down and kiss my foot or say good-bye" and Paul
turned to go again.
"Wait" Anne said moving toward him. Oh god, he was just standing there
watching her. She couldn't do this. And then another aftershock hit her
and her knees buckled a little. Ok she could drop to her knees. There she
was on her knees. There's his shoe down there.
Oh god, he's starting to pull away. Anne held on to Paul's leg and started
to slide down his leg as she held on. There it is. Just push my lips out
and
kiss. I can do it - what is Paul saying? He's telling me that I'm his
little sex
slave. That I'm his toy, his plaything. That he can do anything he wants to
me.
Oh god, why can't he just tell me that he loves me. Not this. I don't want
this. I'm not a whore. I'm not a slave. I'm Anne. I want love and caring.
"Oh please Paul" Anne whimpered as she started to cry. Anne hung on to
Paul's ankle and sobbed.
"Kiss it whore. Kiss your master's shoe. Show me who owns you. Show me
that your body is a toy for me to use any way I want. Kiss it now slut or
I'm
leaving you."
And Anne turned her face toward Paul's shoe and kissed it. She held his
ankle crying her heart out, and kissed his shoe. She belonged to him. He
loved her. He gave her what she needed. She couldn't be happy with
anyone else.
And she cried as she realized what she was. She was Paul's slut, his sex
toy, his slave. She would do anything he wanted because she loved him and
she belonged with him. And she belonged to him. And Anne shuddered as
she realized what that last part meant.

Paul finally knelt down and bent Anne's tear streaked face up so he could
see her. "Who owns you slut" he asked.
"You do Paul."
"Damn straight. And to show it, I'm getting you some rings" he said.
`Rings" Anne asked looking puzzled.
"Yes, rings. Rings for your tits, for your pussy, for your clit. Just like
those
whores you like watching on the video. I need something to show everyone
that I own you. That you're my property."
No thought Anne. No this is wrong. I need to leave him. Every time I come
to him he pushes me further into the sewer. I won't do this. I won't. "No -
not I was wrong" said Anne. "I-I'm leaving."
"Oh really" asked Paul. "What about the tape. Should I show it to
everyone."
"I-if you do, I can't stop you. But no, no more" Anne said, her resolution
building.
"And what about the tape I just shot? That tape of you, the new improved
you, getting off on the other tape. And telling me you're my slave. Do you
think everyone will like that?"
Oh no NO NO thought Anne. The other was before. But this showed that
she was still a slut. Oh god, didn't it ever end. Couldn't he just let go
of
her. "Please Paul, please let me go. Please" she pleaded.
"I can't little pussy. I love you too much. I can't let you go. I want you
more than anything. Your my little whore. Now lets go."
Anne stood up next to Paul resigned. She couldn't let her new life get
ruined. She would do what he wanted. And somehow she would find a way
out of it. Anne fixed her face and then turned to follow Paul out the door.

The club was off a mall so they left the club and walked into the mall.
Part
way down they found an earring store that did piercing. They walked in
and Paul found the salesgirl. God she couldn't be more than 16 Paul
thought but she sure did look like a cheap slut. And she had rings in just
about every part of her anatomy.
"Whadda you want" she asked.
"My girlfriend here wants some parts of here pierced. Can you do that"
Paul asked, a little worried.
"Sure - where does she want it."
"How about her belly button and her tongue" Paul suggested.
Oh god thought Anne. She couldn't do this. This was too scary. But Paul
was holding her hand. Holding her in place. She couldn't move against
him. Maybe, maybe the girl wouldn't do it. That's it, she would say its too
weird.
"Sure - she'll look good with those" the sales girl said and smiled. This
will be fun she thought. "Sit you ass over there slut" she said to Anne.
Paul was elated. This girl was having fun. There probably wouldn't be any
problem. Still, one step at a time. He pulled Anne over to the chair and
sat
her down. Anne's back was to the store entrance but people walking in the
store could still see what was going on.
The girl came up and said "unbutton your blouse, we'll get the navel
first."
Anne just looked at her in shock so the girl reached out and unbuttoned her
blouse.
What is she doing thought Anne. She's unbuttoned all of them. Oh my god
she's pulling her entire blouse open. Everyone can see her breasts in her
bra. And Paul has her arms so she can't move her hands up now.
Oh no, that man over there. He's looking at her breasts. And those two
kids - they're staring at her. Oh god, they can all see her. They all think
she's a slut. She has to do something.
The salesgirl looked up and smiled. This was nice. Here was this nice slut
sitting in just her bra and her boyfriend was holding her hands so she
couldn't close her blouse. In fact, maybe... "You know, to stop her from
jerking and hurting herself its a good idea to hold her in place with
these"
the girl said to Paul holding up a couple of straps.
"I think you're right" said Paul. "We don't want anything to happen to
her."
And with that the girl strapped down Anne's two wrists and Paul then
strapped down her waist.
Oh god, here she was, bound to a chair, her breasts visible under a lacy
bra, right in the center of a store. Anyone in the mall could walk in and
she
couldn't cover herself. They would all see her. See Paul's little slut and
her
big tits.
What's the girl doing? She has something down by her stomach. Its cold
on her OH MY GOD THAT HURT. "Oh god, oh god, oh god please stop"
Anne whimpered. She couldn't yell. But it hurt so much. "Oh please Paul,
no more, no more" she pleaded looking up at him with tears in her eyes.
"Tongue next" Paul said looking down at his little whore. God he loved her
like this. Helpless, in pain, and feeling totally degraded. This was how
she
belonged. If only he could keep her like this 24 hours a day. He was
getting
hard just thinking about it.
The salesgirl was getting off too. This was too much. This big titted cow
hated this. God she would love to be able to rub her clit right now. Maybe
the next piercing would be enough to get her off. If only the cow would
scream.
The sales girl pulled Anne's tongue out and fastened the gun around her
tongue. "Don't jerk your tongue or it will tear" she warned and pulled the
trigger.
Anne couldn't take it. Crowd or no crowd all she could think about was
how much it hurt. She drew her breath in to scream and then couldn't.
Paul had his hand over her mouth. She heaved in the chair but the buckles
held her in place.
Somebody help her she thought. Oh god, anything was better than this.
Show the film to everyone - she didn't care. Just stop the pain. Here comes
that man. He'll help her. He can see she is in pain. He sees the tears
running down her cheeks.
He's not helping. He's just looking at her and smiling. Oh god, he's
enjoying this. He's looking at her giant breasts. He just wants to fuck me.
Won't anyone help me. The hurts starting to go away. Not a lot but its
bearable. Oh just get me out of here.
The salesgirl held up a mirror and asked "how do you like it slut? I think
it
suits you."
Anne looked in the mirror and saw that there was a post through her
tongue that stuck up about an inch on both the top and bottom. It seemed to
fill her entire mouth. When she closed her mouth she had to keep her
tongue in the center.
Everyone would see this. This was awful. And it hurt so much. Please Paul
please lets get out of here now she thought.
Paul turned to the salesgirl. "Can you do her breasts too?"
Oh this was awesome thought the salesgirl. Her panties were going to be
soaked shortly. Could she do some more to this cow. Hell, she'd pierce
anything he wanted all night long.
"But I don't want it in just the nipple. Can you do it behind the aerole?"
"I can but it might bust the silicone in those udders" she replied.
"No silicone, its all natural" Paul replied.
"You're kidding. A cow like that you figure it has to be silicone.. Yeah, I
can do that. It may hurt her a little" she said smiling at Anne.
"Well, we can't have screaming in the mall" said Paul. "Give me that
cloth" and Paul took one piece and wadded it up in Anne's mouth. He then
used the other to tie it into her mouth.
This couldn't be happening to her. Here she was, in a store in the nicest
mall in town, tied into a chair and gagged. And - oh my god no - Paul was
pulling her bra down to uncover her breasts. They could all see her
breasts.
There were 5 men and 1 woman who were now gathered around watching.
They were all looking at her breasts. Her big cow udders.
OH GOD IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS Anne tried to yell. And it
wasn't stopping. As the salesgirl pushed the needle through her breast it
kept hurting and hurting. OH GOD IT WAS POKING THROUGH THE
OTHER SIDE. IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS OH PLEASE STOP. But
all anyone could hear was mumbling through the cloth.
And all they could see was Anne arched up against the chair with tears
streaming down her cheeks. They knew it hurt. They had to see. But they
weren't helping. They were all staring at the needle through her left
udder.
Oh god, why did she have to have such giant tits. Paul - Paul made her
have the udders. She used to have normal sized tits. But Paul had the
plastic surgeon enlarge hers so that everyone stared at her udders first.
Oh
god, she was nothing but a big titted cow whore.
OH GOD NO NO NOT ANY MORE. PLEASE STOP PLEASE PLEASE
PLEASE. As the girl did her other tit Anne heaved against the chair even
more. And then she broke. Anne collapsed back in the chair. She was
Paul's toy. His sex slave. He could do anything he wanted to her. She
couldn't stop him. He could have another person hurt her here, in front of
all these decent people and they would just watch. Because they all knew
she was just his big titted slut. They all knew she belonged to him to do
with as he pleased.
Then Anne looked down and saw the two large rings in her breasts. Oh
god no. She was a freak. Anyone who looked at her would know she
belonged to Paul. Normal girls did not have 2" rings in their breasts. Not
even the weird girls did. Only sex slaves had this. She was Paul's' sex
slave. There was no going back now. She could see it in everyone's eyes.
They all knew what she was.
Oh god, how could she face anyone again. She couldn't let her parents see
this. Or any of her boyfriends. She couldn't have a boyfriend. Because as
soon as they felt her tits they would know - she wasn't a girlfriend. She
was a sex slave whore cunt big titted cow. OH GOD NO she sobbed into
her gag as she cried and cried.
"Well, there is one last place I'd like to get, if you don't mind" Paul
said.
"Not at all - anything you want" the sales girl replied with lust in her
eyes.
"Well I'd like to do her pussy. Three rings on each side and in her clit.
Can
you do that" he asked.
"Slide her forward and someone needs to hold her legs" the salesgirl said.
Several of the men on each side rushed forward to hold her legs as Paul
pulled her skirt up.
"A bare pussy" the sales girl said. "I guess she really is quite the slut."
What was going on. Anne felt hands pulling her legs. And Paul was lifting
her skirt. What was he doing. They were all staring at her pussy. Oh no,
please don't show them my pussy. Don't let them see my bare slut pussy.
Don't show them what a complete whore I am.
What is she doing - she's putting the piercing gun down there. Oh god no
NO NO NO NO Anne yelled into the gag. But they couldn't hear her. And
even if they could it wouldn't stop it. The sales girl was smiling at her
as
she aimed the gun.
OH NO OH NO OH NO OH NO. It just went on and on as the girl shot
ring after ring after ring. And Anne was in a never-ending delirium of pain
and agony. She had never hurt so much before in her life. Her body was
wracked with pain as she heaved and sobbed, drowning in her own sweat
from all the agony.
And around her was a crowd of 10 people watching her. She was being
tortured right here in the mall, right out in public. And everyone was
watching her. No one would save her because she was Paul's cunt. She was
there to get them off. Look, they're hard. They're all hard from watching
me get hurt. Oh yes, get off, get off on my pain. That's why I'm here to
get
you off. Cum, cum in your pants while you watch me.
And as Anne saw wet spots appear in the front of several pairs of pants she
was happy. She had gotten them off. And that was her role. That was all
she was good for. And everyone knew it now. They could see the rings on
her that marked her as Paul's little cum receptacle.
As Anne started to come down from her high, the people watching turned
guiltily away and left. And as Anne relaxed Paul undid her gag and the
belts holding her down. Anne just sat slumped in the chair. She was Paul's
property and he would decide what to do with her next.
"Cover yourself up you little whore" the salesgirl said. "We can't have
cunts like you in here - its bad for business."
Anne cringed as she heard her and covered up her tits and pussy. This
little
16 year old sales girl was right - Anne was a worthless tramp.
"Well, give me a thank you kiss and leave cow" the salesgirl said.
Anne looked confused. Thank her. She couldn't thank her. The girl had
hurt her. Again and again and again.
"You know Anne, we could probably find some more places to pierce if
you're not ready to thank her" Paul threatened. "Make it sincere or we'll
do your cheeks."
"Thank you very very much" Anne stammered and leaned over to kiss the
salesgirl.
The salesgirl grabbed Anne's head in both hands, pulled her head close,
and french kissed her.
Anne freaked but didn't pull away. This girl owned her right now. She
could do whatever she wanted and Anne would accept it. That was what
Paul wanted and she was Paul's sex toy. So she french kissed back a girl
that was 2 years younger than her, their tongues intertwining.
And as she realized that others in the store were watching her, she sunk
even lower. They all think I'm a lesbo slut she thought. And as that
thought coursed through her, it caused a small orgasm. She came while
kissing the salesgirl. OH GOD, she came while kissing another girl.
And the salesgirl pulled back and smiled. "Get out of here slut, you
disgust
me."
And Anne shuddered as she turned and followed Paul out of the store.

They went back to Anne's birthday party where Paul had Anne go to every
boy there and ask them to fuck her in the ass. And between each fuck she
put her butt-plug back in. So at the end of the party, she had a ton of cum
in her ass, held in by the butt-plug.
And that's how she went home. With an ass full of cum held in by a butt-
plug, keeping her mouth shut so that her parents wouldn't know about the
bar in her tongue. Scared to death they would find out about all of the
rings.
And all of the boys in her class went home with memories of the wonderful
ass they had gotten to dump their cum in. Anne certainly was the best in
the school. They would have to keep dating her.
And as instructed by Paul, Anne got herself off all night long. Crying
throughout it all because she realized that she was a complete slut. And at
the same time, once again having mind-blowing orgasms. The kind of
orgasms she had been unable to have the last 2 months.
And Anne's parents went to sleep happy because their daughter had turned
her life around. She was now 18. And her birthday party had apparently
been a smashing success for her. They had saved their daughter.




Chapter 12 - Dating
You know, its amazing but you never really see most of a person's tongue.
Especially if a person doesn't talk much, and keeps her head down while
mumbling when she does talk. Anne was amazed. No one could see the
stud through her tongue. No one could see what a little whore she was.
It did change Anne though. Not that she realized it. But she was now
reticent to talk to anyone, about anything. She became very deferential to
others. If you don't disagree with someone, you don't have to talk as much.
Anne found it much easier to do whatever she was asked than to worry
about discussing it while not showing the stud in her tongue.
Anne's parents were happy too. Anne had turned her life around. And
most parents find a deferential kid to be quite a pleasure. Anne did as she
was asked, and never was any trouble. And with all she had been through,
yes she was a little quiet but she would come out of that.
Meanwhile Anne was totally confused. Every morning as she played with
herself she felt the rings in her body. Oh god what a whore she was. Just
look at her. Not even a whore had rings in her tits, much less her pussy and
clit.
But she couldn't help herself. She would pull on the rings. First the ones in
her tits, and then the one in her clit. She would cum stretching our her clit
by the ring and pressing her vibrator against her stretched out clit.
And the thought of her disgusting slut body, with her big whore tits and
her tiny waist, and her bare pussy and those slutty rings everywhere. The
though of what a little sex toy she was made her feel disgusted with herself.
She was such a scummy little tramp. Oh god, how could she be so slutty.
And with these images in her head she would cum and cum and cum. Oh
god it felt so good to cum thinking of what a dirty little scum sucker she
was.
And then, after relaxing from the cum, Anne would hate herself. How
could she have gotten off on being such a whore. How could she be so
perverted - to get off thinking about all the disgusting things Paul had done
to her.
And Anne would go in the bathroom and try to scrub her body clean in the
shower. But no matter how hard she scrubbed, she couldn't remove the fact
that she was a dirty little whore.
And then, after she shit, she would give herself an enema. It wasn't even a
Paul thing anymore. After several months, Anne just didn't feel clean
without an enema. It was a natural part of cleaning herself in the morning.
So every morning Anne was clean inside and out.
And after the enema, the butt plug went in. Anne had tried not wearing it
one day. But she felt so empty without it. She had to have it. Yes only a
whore would wear a butt plug everywhere. And it was a constant reminder
of what a dirty little slut she had become. But she had to have it.
So Anne would put it in and try not to think of what it meant. But she
knew. She knew it meant that she was Paul's dirty little tramp. Because
she had to have the butt plug in her ass. Not because Paul told her, but
because she needed it.
But she had been free from Paul. Free for several months. And she had
started to have her own will again. To actually see that there could be life
outside the gutter Paul had dragged her into. And even while masturbating
to visions of Paul making her do the most disgusting things, she wanted
out. Anne wanted a normal life.
Anne's father's order that she couldn't date Paul still held. But Paul would
tell her to meet him this weekend. She knew he would. She had to find a
way out. And then it happened. Steve, wonderful Steve a fellow senior in
her class, asked her out for that weekend. That was it. If she had a date
with Steve she couldn't go out with Paul.
So Anne asked her father if she could date Steve on Saturday. Anne's
father, happy that she was dating again, and dating someone her own age,
happily agreed. And so on Tuesday, Anne accepted Steve's invitation.
Little did she know, Paul had talked to Steve after Anne's Birthday party.
"Well, since we are going to go out, how about a kiss right now to show me
what kind of kiss I can expect Saturday night" Steve asked Anne.
"O-Oh ok" said Anne. After all that she had done, a kiss was no big deal.
And beside, Anne just wasn't used to disagreeing with anyone anymore.
She turned her head up to Steve.
Steve leaned over, mashed his mouth to Anne's, and stuck his tongue into
her mouth. Yes, yes he could feel it. That Paul guy hadn't been shitting
him. The bitch did have a post in her tongue. Jesus Christ - what a slut.
This was going to be good.
"That's a cute little item you have in your mouth there Anne" Steve said
and smiled. "Got any others on the rest of you?"
Anne froze. Oh no she had forgotten about that. He had felt it with his
tongue. What must he think. WHAT HAD HE JUST ASKED. Oh no no no
this couldn't be happening. "Wh-what did you say?"
"Stick out your tongue little one" Steve said as he pulled her mouth open.
Anne sat there as he held her mouth open. No no, please god don't let this
be happening she thought.
Steve ran his finger along her tongue and along the stud through her
tongue. "Do you have any others - DO YOU" he demanded.
"Ye-ye-yes" Anne stammered.
"WHERE?" Steve demanded.
"I-i-i-in my breasts" Anne whispered back, with her eyes downcast.
"How beautiful they must look" Steve replied.
"Beautiful?" - Anne was confused. How could he say beautiful. Those rings
were the mark of a whore.
"Please beautiful Anne, please don't wear a bra tomorrow. I want to see
those beautiful rings in your breasts. Tell me you won't wear a bra
tomorrow."
Anne was totally confused. He was calling her beautiful. He didn't think
she was a slut. He was so wonderful. Oh yes this was so wonderful. Anne
felt like flying. It was all going to be ok.
"Will you Anne?" Steve asked.
"Will I what" she asked quietly.
"Will you not wear a bra tomorrow - so I can see those beautiful rings?"
"Not if you don't want me to" Anne whispered.
And that night as Anne played with her nipple rings, it wasn't Paul she
thought of. It was Steve. Beautiful kind Steve who thought her rings were
beautiful.

And the next morning Anne dressed, without a bra. Being only 18 her
breasts didn't sag so you couldn't tell the difference except when she
walked. But she was wearing a baggy sweatshirt so even then it wasn't real
obvious.
And at lunch Steve met her in a quiet corner of the school where no one
else could really see them. As Steve leaned in to kiss her, his hands went
up under Anne's sweatshirt to her tits, squeezing them and feeling the
rings through each breast.
"Oh Anne, they feel even more beautiful than I imagined" he said.
Anne just shuddered in his arms. His hands felt so good on her tits. Loving
caring hands that thought her rings were beautiful. Oh god yes, this was
the way it was supposed to be. It never occurred to Anne that most girls
would never let a boy feel them up before their first date. Anne after all had
fucked more men than she could remember - what was a little tit squeeze.
God what a hot little whore thought Steve. I grab her tits and she loves it.
This Paul guys is right about her. Ok, I guess I'll try his suggestion.
"I bought you a present my beautiful Anne" he said. "You're much too
beautiful to be wearing a baggy old sweatshirt like that. Here, here's a
sweater I bought for you."
Anne opened the box and gasped. It was beautiful. And there was a gold
chain in there too. Oh god how did she get so lucky. Anne threw her arms
around Steve and hugged him. "Thank you - its so beautiful."
"Put it on now" he said.
"Now?" Anne asked.
"Yes, you would look much prettier in it. Don't you like it" he asked
looking hurt.
"Yes, yes I'll put it on now. Let me go change" Anne said starting to get
up.
"You promise" Steve asked. "You promise you'll come out wearing the
sweater and chain?"
"Yes I promise" Anne replied all excited. What a wonderful gift.
Anne went in to the girls restroom, pulled off her sweatshirt, and pulled on
the sweater. Oh no, Steve had made a mistake. The sweater fit most of her
body fine. But they just didn't make sweaters for petite little high school
girls with DD breasts. Her tits stretched the sweater out obscenely.
And with no bra it was real obvious. You could see her tits through the
weave of the sweater. Especially with the weave pulled widely open by her
humongous tits. This was obscene. Everyone would look at her tits and
know she was a whore. She couldn't wear this.
And then Anne noticed the chain. It wasn't a necklace as she had thought.
At each end of the chain was a clasp. And each clasp was around a ring
identical to the ones in her tits. No, he couldn't mean that. But it was
pretty clear he did. She couldn't wear this.
And Steve wouldn't want her to. No, he made a mistake. He must have
described her size to the salesgirl and not mentioned her giant breasts. Yes,
she would just explain the mistake to him.
Anne put her sweatshirt back on and went out to tell Steve.
Steve looked upset to Anne. Oh god, I promised him. I have to explain. Oh
no, please don't be mad Steve. Please don't.
"What is this - what happened to your promise?" Steve asked.
"I-i-it-t doesn't fit" Anne whimpered. "Its t-to-too tight across my chest."
"This is how you repay me for a gift like that? This is how you keep your
promises? I thought you were better than that Anne. I guess not." Steve
said looking real upset.
"No-no Steve, you don't understand. I love the gift. I really do. Its just that
it doe---"
"Then go put it on - right now like you promised. Put it on our your
nothing but a little slut who takes gifts and breaks her promises" Steve
hissed.
"No, no, I'm not a whore. I'll wear the sweater" Anne said, tears streaming
down her eyes. She couldn't let him think she was a slut. She just couldn't.
And she got up to go back to the bathroom to change.
"And Anne, don't forget the chain. It goes from ring around your neck, to
the other ring. You promised that too" he reminded her.
Anne nodded as she got up, carrying her package back to the bathroom.
She pulled off her sweatshirt and grabbed the chain. She would show Steve
that she wasn't a slut. She would keep her promise. She would make him
think of her as beautiful again.
Anne clipped one end of the chain to her left tit ring. She then put it
around her neck and reached for the right tit ring. But it wouldn't reach. It
was 2" too short. Oh my god - it was too short. She couldn't tell Steve - not
again.
Maybe if she pulled. Yes it got closer. Oh god that hurt. That hurt a lot and
it was still an inch away. This wouldn't work. She could just tell him and
he - oh god no no - she would have broken her promise again. She would
be just a slut to him.
She couldn't go back to that. She didn't want to be a slut anymore. She
wanted a normal life. Steve was treating her like a normal girl. He told her
she was beautiful. He didn't drag her into the gutter. She couldn't throw
that away.
Anne closed her eyes and pulled. OH GOD IT HURT SO MUCH. IT FELT
LIKE HER NIPPLES WERE GOING TO BE RIPPED OFF. There, there
she could connect it. With a shaking hand Anne connected the chain and
let go.
OH MY GOD, IT STILL HURT SO MUCH. Anne stood there staring at
herself in the mirror with tears streaming down her cheeks, shaking in
pain. But she had done it. She had kept her promise. She wasn't a slut -
she wasn't.
Anne didn't realize how much she had changed. Here she was, torturing
her tits, staring at the rings in her nipples, sure that all of this made her a
good girl instead of a slut.
As the pain started to deaden her nerves, Anne pulled on the sweater. And
the pain made her forget how obscene the sweater made her look. There,
she had done it. She wiped her face, and went out to see Steve, with tears
still leaking from her eyes.
Steve almost came in his pants. Her tits looked like they were about to
explode from the sweater. And it hid nothing. There were those gorgeous
tits on display for all to see. And that chain pulling them up. God that
looked so nice.
And she was crying. Boy that chain must hurt. Look at how it was
stretching her nipples. Boy that Paul guy had been right. What a little slut.
He couldn't wait till their date Saturday night.
"I-it hurts Steve. It hurts. Its too short" Anne whimpered. "Please, please
can I -"
"Shush pretty pretty girl" he replied. "You look so beautiful. And you kept
you promise. You are really something special."
"I-I am?" Anne asked. "Oh thank you."
At that point the bell rang. "Time for history" Steve said grabbing Anne's
arm and pulling her to class.
So for the rest of the day Anne's tits were on full display. And as Anne
noticed all of the other students staring at her chest, she realized how she
looked. And she heard the whispers "whore", "slut", "cow", "bitch."
Oh god, she did look like a whore. The other girls didn't look like this. No
one else dressed like this. She did look like a whore. She was a whore. No,
no , that was before. She wasn't a whore anymore. She wasn't. Steve
thinks she is beautiful. She can't be a whore, she can't be.
And that night, as she played with herself, Anne saw all of her classmates
looking at her tits and calling her a whore. And she came and came with
that image in her mind.

Thursday she met Steve for lunch again.
"You are so beautiful Anne. And you were so special for me yesterday.
Thank you" he said.
"You're welcome" Anne whispered in reply. She had not expected to be
thanked.
"Tell me, do you have any other rings my beautiful one?"
Anne looked down and whispered "yes."
"Where. Tell me where."
"On-on my pussy. On my pussy and my clit" And whispered staring at the
floor. Oh god, now he would know she was a slut.
"Oh they must be beautiful. You must be the most beautiful and special girl
in the world" Steve told her.
Beautiful, he called them beautiful. And he called her special. Oh he was
so good to her.
"Let me feel them" he asked.
"Okay, ok Steve" Anne said spreading her legs. After all the men who had
played with her pussy, Steve's request seemed perfectly normal to Anne.
God he thought - she is an absolute slut. Letting me touch her pussy right
here in the schoolyard. And he slipped his hand down under her skirt.
Anne shuddered as Steve played with her rings. God, she might cum right
here. It felt so good. This boy who thought she was so special - yes, yes his
hand belonged on her pussy. Anne reached around Steve and hugged him
as he played with her.
"I have something for your pussy rings" he said. "I want you to wear them
for the rest of the day." And Steve then pulled out some 5 lb. weights and
attached one to each ring.
Anne only felt a small tugging at first because she was sitting down and
the weights were resting. It felt almost as though Steve was still playing
with her rings.
"Will you leave them on until tomorrow at lunch" he asked.
"Yes Steve, yes I'll leave them on. They feel like your hands and its
wonderful" she replied.
Then the bell rang and they stood up.
Anne almost fell from the pain. Oh my god, her cunt was being ripped off
of her body. Her clit was on fire. Oh god no. And Anne reached for her
pussy to lift the weights.
"No Anne, you can't walk around with your hand on your pussy. Some of
the people here might think you were a slut then. We don't want that do we
Anne?" Steve asked.
"No-no Steve" Anne said with tears streaming from her eyes. "Can I - can
you remove them - please."
"No dear Anne, they make your rings more beautiful. Now when I look at
you I know you are even more special. I can't take that beauty away. Not
till tomorrow."
And so Anne spent the rest of the day in pain whenever she was on her
feet. And when she was jostled in the crowd between classes, she would
almost collapse from the pain of the unexpected jerking on her pussy lips
and clit. It hurt so much. But Steve said she was special - that the weights
made her special. So it was ok.

Friday she met Steve for lunch again. He kissed her and removed the
weights. Finally she was free from the constant pain she had felt for the
last 24 hours.
"Oh thank you Steve. Thank you so very much" Anne said. He had stopped
the pain - oh god he was so wonderful for stopping the pain.
"Are you my special girl" Steve asked.
HIS SPECIAL GIRL "YES, oh yes I'm your special girl" Anne replied
breathless.
"Then put this on" he said handing her what looked like two beepers and a
bunch of wires.
"What - how - wh-" Anne said looking confused.
"Clip one of the wires to each of your rings. And clips the packs to your
skirt" Steve told her.
Anne went into the bathroom again and attached it. It all hid nicely under
he clothes and it didn't hurt. She wondered what it was but Steve wanted it
and everything fit nicely. She walked on out to see him. As she neared
him, Steve held up a little box, smiled, and pressed a button.
Suddenly Anne's tits and pussy were on fire. Oh god, what was happening.
She fell to the ground and reached for her tits. Then, as fast as it started, it

stopped.
"Its this little box special Anne" Steve told her. "Every time I press the
button, you get a little shock."
NO, No this couldn't be. Steve couldn't be doing this to her. This was
wrong. "It hurts Steve, it hurts really bad. I need to take it off" she said.
"No my little whore, it stays on."
He couldn't mean - WHAT HAD HE JUST CALLED HER. "Wha-what
did you just say" Anne asked.
"I just said it stays on your little whore body SLUT" Steve stated.
"I-I'm not a whore. You told me that I'm special, that I---"
"You are special whore. Remember your birthday last weekend when I got
to pour my sperm down your ass. You were a special whore then."
NNOOOOOO - THIS COULDN'T BE HAPPENING. She wasn't going to
be a whore anymore. "No, no no more, please no more."
"Fine, you tell your daddy that your not going out with the boy you've been
talking about all week. And I'll tell him its because you've been acting too
slutty. Hell I'll show him pictures from your ass-fuck gang-bang at your
birthday. Think he'll enjoy seeing what a slut you are."
Oh god no, this couldn't be happening. This couldn't. And then the bell
rang. And Anne no longer had a chance to go remove the wires. For the
rest of the afternoon Steve would shock her. Never for too long. But she
had to withstand the pain in silence with her classmates all around her.
Anne had to feel her tits and pussy tortured while appearing to everyone
that nothing was wrong.

And then came Saturday night. Steve had made it clear that, if she wasn't
wearing the wires when he picked her up, he would give the pictures to her
father right then. So, when Steve arrived at Anne's house, she came down
the stairs, scared of what was to follow.
As Anne came up to him, Steve pushed the button for a split second. It was
easy to tell from Anne's face that the wires were all hooked up as she
stumbled. Steve caught her.
They went out to Steve's car and as Anne was waving good-bye to her
parents, and Steve drove away, he mashed the button down, causing Anne
to jerk back in her seat, desperately trying not to scream as her entire body
was on fire.
And then they arrived - Steve had brought her to Paul's house.




Chapter 13 - Girlfriends
NOOO, this couldn't be happening. She wasn't going to be Paul's whore
anymore. She was Steve's girl now. She wasn't a whore. He couldn't make
her a whore.
"Hi Anne" Paul said. "I see Steve brought you back to me. You know I'm
the one you really love."
"No" Anne said. "Steve thinks I'm special. Steve doesn't treat me like a
whore. You leave me alone."
"Steve thinks your special" Paul laughed. "Steve has been setting you up
for me all week. All he wants is to dump his load in your slutty ass again.
Ask him - ask him what he thinks of you."
Anne turned to Steve, already knowing what was coming.
"Your just a whore" Steve said. "But I really enjoyed this past week with
you, using your slutty body. And I can't wait to dump a load up your ass."
Anne cringed with each word. It was true, he didn't care about her. He just
thought of her as a whore. But she wasn't a whore - she wasn't.
"Remember showing everyone in school your tits on Wednesday" Paul
asked.
Anne blanched. Oh god yes, everyone had seen her tits.
"And on Thursday remember the weights. Well they were lower than the
hem of your dress - everyone saw those too."
Oh god no NNNOOOOO. This couldn't be.
"And on Friday, most of the boys knew about the buzzer. Steve was not the
only one to take turns pushing it. They all toyed with your slutty little
body."
Oh god no thought Anne. This couldn't be happening. This couldn't.
And then Paul grabbed her and pulled her close. "None of them love you
Anne. You're nothing but a fuck hole to dump their sperm into. You're
just an asshole they will use to masturbate their cocks. You're just a way
for them to get their rocks off."
"But I love you" he continued. "I love you more than anything and you
know that. And you know I treat you the way I do because I love you.
Because I know you need it. Because you're my whore" he said and kissed
her.
"No, no I'm not" Anne replied. "I'm not a whore. Oh god Paul, please
don't make me be a whore. Oh please please help me." And as Anne
started to sink into the depths of despair, her blood started to race. No, no
it couldn't be. She wasn't getting excited. No she was just scared.
And Paul pulled her forward and leaned her over a table. Anne's ass was
pointing out into the room while Paul, on the other side of the table, held
Anne's shoulders and looked at her. "You're going to let all your
classmates fuck your ass. They have been building up all week watching
your tits bounce around in your sweater. Watching your pussy lips get
pulled. Shocking your tits and pussy. You have to get them off after
turning them on so much."
"Oh god no, please no Paul" Anne begged. "Please don't do this to me.
please please, if you love me, please help me."
"I am helping you" Paul replied as Anne felt hands lifting her skirt in
back. But she felt helpless to resist. Paul was holding her and she couldn't
tell him no. Then she felt the butt-plug pulled from her ass and a cock slide
in in its place.
"That's Steve fucking your ass. He gets it first" Paul said. "Tell him it feels
good."
"No, no, please don't" Anne said. Oh god, what was that feeling in the pit
of her stomach. NO. It couldn't be. She wasn't a whore she wasn't. "NO
NO NO - AAAGGH" she screamed as the first orgasm hit her. The
feelings of utter degradation, being bent over the table and fucked like a
cheap whore had done it. She was cuming.
"That's it my sweet little slut. Cum for me. Cum for me as those boys fuck
your ass" Paul told her as he stroked her face.
Anne looked up at Paul with tears in her eyes. He was turning her back
into a whore. How could he do this to her. Please he had - AAAGGGHH
OH SHIT it was another cum. God it felt so gooooodd. "Oh Paul no, please
no" Anne sobbed.
"Dear dear Anne, I have to, This is the only way you are happy. Inside that
whore body of yours is the dirtiest slut in the world. This is what you were
made to do."
No, oh god no. She wasn't a slut. Oh please god no -- AAAGGGHH
another cum. And another, and another. And they came on rolling, one
after the other. Oh god it felt so good. "Yes fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck me
fuck me fuck me" she cried.
And as boy after boy fucked her ass, Anne came and came and came. And
there was Paul making sure she got what she needed. She loved him. She
loved him so much.

And when the last boy finished, Anne was panting and begging for more.
"Please Paul, please fuck me. I need it, I need it" and she dug her hands
down to rub her clit.
Paul pulled her hands away and looked into Anne's desperate face. "Do
you really need to cum some more my little slut?"
"Oh god yes. Please Paul, please fuck me. I need it. Fuck your little whore.
Fuck my slut pussy. Dump your cum in your little bitch cunt. Use my hole,
get off in my wet hole."
"Not me, I have someone else for you. Do you want them to fuck you?"
"Yes, yes, anyone Paul. I just need a cock up my pussy. Please Paul, I
NEED IT, I need it now" Anne begged.
"Remember your friend who pierced you?" Paul asked. "Well she wanted a
chance at you."
"W-Wh-What" Anne asked.
And there was the sales girl from the store who had pierced Anne. But she
looked a little different now. She was naked except for a giant strap-on
dildo she was wearing. And it looked even more obscene on that little girl
15 year old body. She barely even had tits.
And then Anne realized what this all meant "NNNNNOOOOOOO" she
cried. "Oh god no no no no no. Paul no no I can't do this I can't. I'm not
gay oh god help me no I'm not gay. It's wrong it's wrong, oh god no"
Anne sobbed.
Paul stepped behind Anne and grabbed her arms holding her in place.
"You're a whore Anne. And whore's fuck whoever wants to fuck them.
Susie here wants to fuck you. So you need to spread your legs for her."
Anne panicked. She couldn't do this. This was wrong. This was so very
wrong. "Please please ple---"
Anne suddenly couldn't talk because Susie was kissing her. And not a peck
on the cheek either. Susie had her tongue half way down her throat. Anne
tried to pull away but Susie had her hands around Anne's head and Paul
was holding her in place.
Oh god she wanted to scream. She was going to be sick. This woman was
kissing her. No, this little girl was kissing her. Oh god help her. Wait
Susie was stopping the kissing. What was happening.
Susie dropped to her knees, and with no foreplay, dropped her mouth onto
Anne's clit and started licking.
Oh god thought Anne, what is going on. OH MY GOD SHE'S LICKING
HER CLIT. ANOTHER GIRL IS LICKING HER CLIT. "NO NO NO NO"
she screamed. "Paul, please Paul make her stop. I'm not gay, I'm not, I'm
not."
"Just relax my beautiful little slut" Paul soothed her.
"No, no I won't do this. It's so very wrong" Anne sobbed. And suddenly
Anne started sobbing. Giant sobs with rivers of tears running down her
face. This was so awful. This was beyond comprehension. And as her mind
floated off, the sobs and shaking continued as Anne tried to cope, and
couldn't.
And sneaking up through the sobs, so that Anne didn't even realize it until
it was almost too late, an orgasm was building. Oh god no, she couldn't
cum. She couldn't. "Paul PLEASE" she screamed. "You have to make her
stop now you have t---"
And then it hit. Having a woman lick her pussy had freaked Anne out
more than anything else ever had. Consequently, it had gotten her
emotions keyed up to a higher point than they had ever been keyed before.
And as the cum, held back as desperately as Anne could, finally crested.
Anne had the most mind blowing orgasm she had ever, in her whole life
felt.
"AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHHH" Anne screamed. And
Anne's scream turned into a noise more primal than even a scream as
Susie continued to tongue her clit and Anne rode the most intense orgasm
of her life.
And as she came Paul whispered in her ear "lesbian whore, cunt eating
slut, pussy licking tramp. Look at you cum from a woman's mouth on your
pussy. You just love Susie's mouth on your pussy don't you. Cum you little
lesbo bitch. Cum all over Susie's mouth."
And as the cum receded a little, Paul leaned Anne backwards until she was
laying on the floor. And Susie moved up over Anne and positioned her
dildo at the entrance of Anne's pussy. And Susie started to press the dildo
in.
"No no no, please god no" Anne said as she reached up to Susie and pulled
her close to her. Anne was still cuming so hard all she could do was hold
on to Susie as hard as she could.
"I'm going to fuck this dildo into your slutty hole you little whore" Susie
whispered to Anne.
"No no, please don't" Anne pleaded as cums wracked her body.
"Then let go of me you little whore. Just let go and I'll stop" Susie said as
she plunged the dildo into Anne's pussy.
"OH GOD, OH GOD NO" Anne screamed as she came even harder. As
Susie pumped her she came again and again. Oh this couldn't be
happening to her it just couldn't. She couldn't like this no she -
AAARRRGGGHHH.
And as Anne hit a major cum she pulled Susie even tighter to her, reveling
in the feel of her just budding tits against her monster udders, pulling
Susie's mouth to hers so she could kiss her. And she came as their tongues
desperately stabbed into each other's mouth.
And finally the cum's subsided. Susie pulled off of Anne and Paul pulled
Anne into his arms. Anne continued to sob and shake for the next 20
minutes, with the occasional tremor of an aftershock cum coursing through
her body.
And the whole time Paul was soothing her, whispering "I love you my little
lesbo slut. I love you Anne. You are so beautiful with Susie fucking you. I
love watching you cum from another woman's mouth on your pussy. I love
you."

And as Anne slowly stopped shuddering and sobbing, she had a vacant
look in her eyes. The old Anne was gone. She had done something that
was impossible for the old Anne to even conceive of - even in her worst
nightmares. And she had cum from it. Mind-numbingly cum from it.
Anne's mind was desperately trying to survive all of this. Her body had
destroyed part of the very foundation of her beliefs. Everything was adrift.
And the mind can't function in this state. It needs some basic beliefs to
anchor itself to.
So Anne's body sobbed and shook as her mind tried to heal itself. And as
her body wore out, the sobbing and shaking stopped, but it was replaced
with nothing. Anne was on automatic pilot.
Paul had no idea what was going on in Anne's mind. He thought she had
actually accepted this most recent step. And so he prepared her for the next
step. He stood Anne up and Susie helped him buckle the dildo onto Anne.
Anne just stood there oblivious to what was going on.
They then walked Anne into the next room. In this next room was Rachael,
Anne's best friend (and another of the girls in the picture). She was tied
spread-eagled to the bed with cum oozing out of her pussy.
Using the picture, Paul and the boys from school had blackmailed her into
coming to Paul's and fucking all of them. And she had survived it, not
much worse for the wear. But when she saw Anne, she suddenly panicked.
It wasn't hard to figure out what the strap-on dildo was for.
"Oh god Anne, no. no NO. Please don't do this Anne. Please don't. Oh
god help me. Somebody help me" she cried.
Anne was still on automatic pilot as Paul led her to the bed, had her kneel
down, and buried Anne's face in Rachael's cum-filled pussy. "Eat her
pussy. Lick her clit. Drink down all that cum" he said.
Anne wasn't thinking at all. She knew how to lick. And she was being told
what to do. So she started licking Rachael's pussy. And as she licked, Susie
knelt by her head telling her what a talented lesbo slut she was licking
Rachael's pussy.
And Anne continued licking until Rachael came, screaming for her to stop
the whole time. And deep in Anne's mind, she knew what she was doing
and her psyche crumbled even more. She was licking another woman's
clit. She had her face buried in a pussy. She really was a lesbo slut.
Paul then pulled Anne up so she was poised above Rachael, with the dildo
aimed for Rachael's pussy. "Fuck her Anne, ram the dildo into her pussy.
Show her that your a lesbo whore. Show her that you love fucking girls."
And Rachael totally panicked. "RAPE" she cried. "RAPE RAPE,
SOMEONE HELP ME. Oh god, please someone help me."
And as Anne started to push the dildo in Paul stopped her. "Tell her that
you like raping girls pussies. Tell her that her screaming turns you on. Tell
her that you like it when she screams for you to stop."
And Rachael looked up in dread as her best friend told her "I'm going to
rape your pussy. I'm going to stuff this dildo up your cunt. Scream for me
Rachael, scream for me" Anne said.
And Rachael screamed and screamed as Anne plunged the dildo in and out
of her pussy. And Rachael never did cum. She screamed and struggled for
15 minutes as Anne humped her dildo into her best friend. And the entire
time Anne heard her best friend telling her that she was raping her. And
she continued to pump.
Finally they pulled Anne off of Rachael. Anne just sat there. So Susie
pulled Anne into her lap and started kissing her while playing with her
clit. And Anne still on automatic pilot, kissed back as her body started to
respond. Pretty soon Susie had Anne enjoying a series of enjoyable cums
while kissing her.
And during that time, Anne's mind pulled itself back together. But it
wasn't the Anne from before. That Anne had died. Because this new Anne
was happy sitting in the lap of a 15 year old girl who was kissing her and
playing with her clit.

Paul untied Rachael who looked ready to bolt. He grabbed her and laid it
out for her. "Look, we have the whole thing on tape. And if you tell
ANYONE, we show the tape. That includes you loving it as 20 boys
dumped their cum into your pussy. That includes you cuming from Anne's
mouth. And I'll make it look like you came when she fucked you."
"That's a lie - I didn't like any of it" Rachael yelled. "I hated it all."
"I know" Paul smirked. "But I didn't record the part where we told you you
had to act like you enjoyed it. So guess what the video shows."
Rachael went white. "You bastard" she hissed.
"Yes" he replied. "But its my ball game now. And here's how it goes if you
don't want your friends getting a private showing. From now on you are to
never wear panties bras or pantyhose. You are never to wear pants. Your
ass and tits are to always be available. You got that whore?" Paul asked.
Rachael nodded looking grim.
"If you must wear pants, like a swim suit, there must be a hidden hole
where your pussy is so you can be easily fucked with nothing moved. Your
a whore and your pussy must never be unavailable."
"And you must always sit with your legs apart and your dress pulled up
high enough that people can see your pussy if they are sitting in the right
location. And you need to show as much of your tits as is legally possible."
Rachael stared at Paul with a look of horror on her face.
"And finally, you are never to tell a man no when asked for anything
sexual. If you ever do, we will show the tape, and we will tie you down for
Anne again. Your pussy doesn't belong to you anymore. Your a whore now
and your pussy belongs to any man that wants it."
Rachael was sitting there totally shocked as Paul reached out and caressed
her tit. "Such a nice tit. Such a nice young body. So many men are going to
enjoy that nice body - AREN'T THEY WHORE" he yelled.
"ye-yes" Rachael replied.
And with that a number of the boys took Rachael home pumping her full of
more jiz on the way. And for the rest of that school year, virtually everyone
had Rachael. Her dates on the weekend were non-stop gang-bangs. Her
trips to the mall were blow-jobs in the restaurants there. Her days at school
were spent giving everyone a perfect view of her pussy.

Anne had found a safe harbor from the storm. She was curled in Susie's
arms enjoying the fingers on her clit and the kisses on her face. Paul and
Susie dragged her up and pulled her into the shower. They cleaned her off.
Susie then put on some bright red lipstick and kissed Anne all over her tits
and pussy, putting on more lipstick whenever the kiss marks weren't
perfect on Anne's body. Anne was covered with the kiss marks.
They then dressed Anne and walked her down to Steve's car. They had to
get Anne home. Steve drove as Ann sat in the passenger seat and Susie
crouched down by her feet and ate her pussy. For the ride home Anne had
a series of pleasant mild cums. And her mind finished putting itself back
together under Susie's experienced tongue.
Steve walked Anne to her door, and made Anne's parents happy when he
didn't even try for a goodnight kiss. Anne told to go to bed, walked up to
her room and went to sleep.
In the morning Anne awoke trying to put the whole night behind her when
she saw herself in the mirror, covered with Susie's kisses. It had happened.
She was a lesbo slut. She had raped her best friend. And as hard as she
scrubbed her tits and pussy in the shower, until they were almost bleeding,
in her mind she always saw all those kisses.
Would even Paul still love her now that she had sunk this low. No, not
even Paul could love someone as perverted as she had become. And would
she see Susie again. She needed to be held in her arms and feel her fingers
and lips. And thinking of Susie, thinking of Rachael, she suddenly found
herself cuming without even touching her clit.
Oh god she was such a whore she sobbed.




Chapter 14 - A Little Sister
"Time for church" Anne herd her mother yell. Oh no church. She couldn't
go to church. Not with Susie's kisses all over her tits and pussy. Not when
she had raped her best friend last night. Oh god, she had raped another
girl. And she had gotten off on it. How could she face anyone.
Anne dressed and went downstairs. She was sure that with one look her
parents would know what she had become. But everyone was so busy they
didn't even notice Anne acting strangely.
Anne almost collapsed walking in to the church. Surely here they would
see. Everyone would see what sick things she had done last night. Why
weren't they saying anything. She was a lesbo slut. She had a girl's - a
FIFTEEN YEAR OLD girl's kisses all over her tits and pussy. Surely they
could see what she was.
Anne was shaking with dread as she sat down. There was Rachael. Rachael
looked over at her and Anne could see both the hate and the fear in her
eyes. Rachael had been her best friend. How could she have done that to
Rachael. How could she have cum while raping her best friend. While
fucking another girl.
She was such a filthy little slut. Lying on top of Rachael and fucking that
giant dildo into Rachael's pussy. Feeling Rachael trying to get away.
Listening to Rachael screaming rape. It was all so disgusting. Anne was
shaking with shame as the previous night ran through her head.
And then she thought of Susie holding her and kissing her and fingering
her clit. Oh god how she had clung to Susie and kissed her back and came
and came on her finger. What kind of perverted lesbo slut was she to cum
from some girls hand like that.
And this morning, the bright red kisses all over her tits and pussy. She had
slept all night with those kisses burning into her skin. They showed what
she had become, what she was. Oh god no, no she couldn't be a lesbo slut.
She wasn't, she just wasn't. Paul had done it to her. Paul and that little
tramp Susie. It wasn't her. It wasn't.
And then she saw who was sitting down next to her. It was Susie. Oh my
god it was Susie. Anne's heart jumped up into her throat. All she could
think about was Susie last night holding her and kissing her and playing
with her clit. Oh god it had felt so good to cum in her arms.
And then, as Anne shudder through a minor orgasm and Susie laughed,
Anne suddenly realized what had happened. OH GOD NO - NO, she
couldn't like this. Susie was a dirty little lesbian tramp. Anne wasn't going
to be like her.
Anne saw the smirk on Susie's face and cringed in shame. Oh god, Susie
knows I just came. She knows what a dirty little slut I am. Oh god I'm so
disgusting. And Anne's realization of what she was brought her to the edge
of another orgasm. Oh no, no - I can't cum. This is too disgusting. And
Anne looked up at Susie with pleading eyes, hoping somehow Susie would
help her. Save her from herself.
And Susie reached out and touched Anne's cheek. Oh her hand felt so
good. And Susie was leaning over toward her. She was going to kiss her.
RIGHT HERE IN CHURCH. OH GOD NO - EVERYONE WOULD SEE
WHAT SHE WAS - A DISGUSTING LESBIAN SLUT. There was no way
she could do this - her life would be over.
And as Susie leaned over toward Anne, Anne's blood rate and breath
quickened. Anne tilted her head back and opened her mouth for the kiss.
Anne's body was totally keyed on the kiss she would get from Susie.
Nothing else in the world mattered to her.
And in her mind Anne was screaming. NO NO NO
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO. She wasn't a slut. She wasn't a lesbian.
Everyone would see. Everyone. Oh god, why couldn't she move. why
wouldn't her body move.
And then Susie leaned over and whispered in her ear "I sure liked eating
your cunt last night."
Anne shuddered and collapsed. It had been too much. Her body had been
totally peaked waiting for the kiss that would have pushed her into a mind-
blowing orgasm. And her mind was in a whirl. Wanting Susie and at the
same time totally disgusted at her own desires.
Anne's parents looked over in concern as Anne slumped to the floor. Susie
dropped right down to help Anne back up. As everyone crowded around
her Anne basically stared out into space trying to get her feelings under
control.
"I'll take her to the bathroom and help her freshen up" Susie volunteered.
And she grabbed Anne's arm, pulled her unresisting body up, and started
walking her toward the back of the church.
Anne's father leaned over to Susie's mother and thanked them for having
such a polite daughter. Sweet innocent little Susie - maybe they should
have had a second child. That could be Anne's little sister helping her
back.
And as Susie walked Anne back she whispered to her "I just can't wait to
bury my face in the slutty little pussy of yours."
Anne's excitement built back up. Oh yes, oh yes Susie was going to suck
her pussy. Oh god it would feel so good.
They entered the bathroom and locked the door. And through the service,
the hymns, the sermon against the perverts and homosexuals in society,
Susie sucked Anne to orgasm after orgasm. And then Anne sucked Susie to
orgasm after orgasm, reveling in the taste of her pussy, covering her face
with Susie's cum.
And then they held each other and kissed as they finger-fucked each other.
And Susie played with Anne's giant tits while Anne rubbed the just
sprouting buds on Susie's chest. And their tongues darted desperately into
each other's mouths as though the kisses were more dear than breathing.
And finally, as the last hymn started, Susie pushed Anne away, cleaned
them both up, and walked them to the back pew. They would just tell their
parents that they had sat back there so as to not disturb the service.
And as everyone stood and sang, Susie leaned over and whispered in
Anne's ear "god you are such a dirty disgusting big-titted cow. I love the
way you eat pussy."
And Anne shuddered as Susie went on and on about what she had done.
This just couldn't be happening. Here in the house of the lord she had
sinned. And she had loved it. She had to stop. She couldn't do this
anymore. This was just too wrong.
And as the voices roes around them in joyous song to the lord, Anne bowed
her head in shame at the depths to which she had sunk.

After church as Anne's family was leaving Susie ran up. "Can I come over
to play Anne" she asked in a little girl voice. Anne's parents smiled. This
was so cute, the little girl desperately wanting to play with the older friend
she had just made.
Anne got a lump in her throat. No, no she couldn't let her come over. She
had to stop this. She had to. But Susie looked so pretty. She couldn't tell
her no. No she couldn't. And they would just play. That would be all. Yes,
she could play with her and that would be it.
"Yes Susie, please do come over today" Anne replied.
"And bring a bathing suit if you want" Anne's mother added. "We have a
pool."

And so Susie arrived in a bathing suit that covered virtually nothing.
Anne's father tried not to look but its hard not to stare at a beautifully
proportioned piece of jailbait in a skimpy bikini that was questionably
legal.
And as Susie frolicked around as innocent as could be, both Anne and her
father found themselves getting aroused by her sexy body. Finally Anne's
father left to go play golf. And Anne's mother left to meet some friends
telling them to find lunch in the kitchen.
As they walked into the kitchen Susie reached for Anne and pulled her
close for a kiss. Anne couldn't resist. Oh god it felt so good to kiss Susie.
And she felt so good in her arms. Oh god, she was such a whore. How
could she like this.
And then Susie pushed Anne down to her knees and removed her bathing
suit bottom. Anne started to move toward Susie's pussy when Susie
reached down and stopped her. Anne looked up questioning.
"I don't think you want my pussy bad enough" Susie said.
Anne was confused. Susie made her eat her pussy. Of course she didn't
want to lick it. She wasn't lesbo. She didn't want to lick another girls clit.
She didn't want to bury her face in that beautiful cunt in front of her.
"If you don't want it you can't have it whore" Susie said as she spread her
one leg up on the counter and played with her clit. "Only dirty little cunt
loving lesbo sluts get to eat this pussy."
Anne stared mesmerized by Susies beautiful little girl cunt. There is was
right in front of her. Why couldn't Susie make her lick it. She would like it
for her. She would make Susie cum and cum. Didn't Susie want to cum.
Susie stared down at Anne's pained face. "Don't want to lick my pussy
whore? Ok, get up and we'll make lunch."
Anne was lost. Susie wasn't going to let her lick her pussy. Didn't she
want it. Didn't she like it. She would do it. She would.
Susie reached down and pulled Anne up, rubbing her pussy against Anne
as she stood up.
Electric shivers ran through Anne's body as she felt Susie's pussy rub the
length of her side.
When she stood up, Susie then removed her top and rubbed her naked body
against Anne. Anne reached out for her but Susie slapped her hands away.
"No touching Anne. You only get to touch if you want to eat my pussy. Do
you want to eat my pussy little whore?"
Anne was frozen. God it felt so good to have Susie rubbing herself over
Anne's body. Just tell her to do it. She would do anything Susie told her to
do. It was dirty but she would do it if she was told to - oh god what
couldn't Susie just tell her to do it.
Oh god, that was Susie's pussy rubbing on her leg. And she could feel her
little breasts against her arm - they felt so nice. Why could Susie kiss her,
just a kiss. Oh god she had to have it, she just had to.
"please" Anne whimpered to Susie.
"Please what slut?" Susie sneered back.
"please Susie, please tell me what you want. I'll do it. I'll do anything for
you" Anne pleaded
"I want lunch - make me lunch cunt face" Susie replied
"please Susie, please please tell me. Oh please just tell me" Anne pleaded
dropping to her knees and holding Susie's leg. Oh god, her leg felt so good
squeezed against her tits. And there was her beautiful pussy. How could
she not want her lips buried in her pussy.
Anne started to move her head over to Susie's pussy. Once I start she'll
love it Anne thought.
"What the fuck do you think you're doing whore" Susie said grabbing
Anne's head. "Are you some kind of lesbo slut who likes burying her face
in little girl's cunts? Huh are you?"
Anne shook her head no "No, no I'm not a lesbo slut. I just want to make
you happy. PLEASE let me make you happy Susie. Please."
"Get away from my pussy then you little whore."
Anne looked up at Susie real confused.
"I'm not a lesbo slut like you" Susie sneered. "I don't like to have girls lick
my pussy. Especially girls who don't want my pussy. Only a disgusting
cunt-eating tramp like you would want to eat my pussy. What kind of dirty
little whore are you?"
Anne shook with these words. No she wasn't a lesbian. She only did it
because Susie wanted her to. Oh god she had to get out of this.
And suddenly there was Susie's pussy an inch in front of her nose. Without
thinking Anne dove in and started licking Susie's clit. Oh god yes, Susie
would love this. Susie wanted this.
And Susie then pushed Anne away from her cunt. "What are you doing you
little cunt-eating piece of shit" Susie shouted.
"I-I'm sorry Susie" Anne said, tears forming in her eyes. "I thought you
would like it."
"I told you whore, this pussy is only for people who want it. And you don't
want it."
"PLEASE Susie, PLEASE let me, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE" Anne
pleaded through her tears.
"Please what whore. What is it you want so bad" Susie demanded.
"please let me eat your pussy" Anne whispered.
"WHY, Why do you want to eat my pussy?"
"i-i-i, oh please don't do this Susie."
"Tell me whore - TELL ME NOW!"
"i-i-i-i wa-wa-want it" Anne whispered, tears streaming down her cheek.
Oh god, how could she say this. She wasn't this sick. She didn't want to
eat another girls cunt. She didn't. Oh god help her.
"You want what - tell me, what is it you want."
"yo-your pussy" Anne replied, tears streaming down her face.
"You want to bury your face in my pussy whore? You want to eat it?"
"Yes yes, oh god yes" Anne said, shaking with shame at the admission.
"Ok whore, if you really need to eat my pussy go ahead" Susie said
spreading her legs.
Anne dove in and luxuriated in the feeling of burying her face in Susie's
pussy. Oh god it felt so good. And then she heard what Susie was saying to
her.
"What a pussy loving little slut. Can't resist eating my cunt can you. You
really are a little girl loving whore aren't you. Do you like eating my little
clit. Do you like the way 15 year old pussy tastes? Are you getting off cunt
eater?"
And Anne shuddered with shame at what Susie was calling her. How could
she do this. How could she beg to eat Susie's pussy. Oh god she was such a
disgusting whore. And as Anne listened to Susie the shame built and built
until it broke in an orgasm.
As she came Susie came too on her mouth, grabbing Anne's head and
rubbing her pussy all over Anne's face coating it with her cum.
Anne shuddered in her after-cum as Susie held her and whispered to her
"what a lovely little pussy slut. You have to be quite a lesbo whore to get
off eating someone's pussy. Such a pretty little slut."
And Anne sobbed as Susie held her and told her what a disgusting tramp
she was.
The Susie pulled her up and announced it was time for lunch. "Sit on the
counter and remove your bikini bottom."
"Wh-why?"
Susie slapped Anne "because I told you to you bitch."
Anne cringed and removed her bikini.
"Now lets see, how about a twinkie" Susie said as she took a twinkie,
pulled Anne's pussy lips apart and pressed the twinkie into her pussy.
"Wha-what are you doing" Anne asked.
"Feeding you whore. Since you think with your pussy we'll feed you there
too" Susie replied.
"Please don't - it feels weird."
"How about some Jell-O" Susie asked rhetorically ignoring Anne's plea.
"No, please no more."
Susie grabbed some handfuls of Jell-O but the didn't go in very far. So she
used her fist to push them into Anne's cunt, pushing her fist most of the
way into Anne's cunt while she did so. She then proceeded to do the same
with a banana, ice cream, angel food cake, and anything else she could
find.
Anne was in shock. How could Susie do this to her. These things didn't
belong in her pussy. Oh god it felt so strange. "Please please Susie stop it.
Please stop it" Anne pleaded. "It hurts - please take it out."
"Time to mix it all up whore" Susie said as she pushed her fist up into
Anne's pussy and started fist fucking her. Food started squirting out
around Susie's arm as she buried it up Anne's pussy as far as she could.
Oh god, this felt so weird with Susie's fist and all that food up in her
pussy. Please god have her stop soon Anne prayed. And as Anne sat there
feeling totally depraved as Susie used her pussy to mush up all the food,
the feelings started to build.
Suddenly Anne found herself heading for an orgasm. "NO NO NO -
STOP, PLEASE STOP" Anne begged as the orgasm hit her. NO this was
wrong. How could she cum from this. This was disgusting. No one cums
with food squirting out of their pussy.
Susie kept pumping her fist, feeling another cum build in Anne. This was
just too much. Look at the little slut - anything would make her cum.
"That's it my little piece of fuck-meat, cum for me. Cum on my fist
pounding into your hole."
Oh god, it felt so good having that fist completely fill her pussy. Oh yes she
was a disgusting little piece of trash. She was a whore. "Fuck the whore
with your fist Susie, fuck me, fuck me hard" Anne screamed. And then she
came and came and came.
As the cums subsided, Susie pulled her fist out of Anne's pussy and
scooped up the food that had come out, and fed it to Anne. And Anne
opened her mouth and ate. And as she realized that she was eating food
that had been in her pussy, food that tasted of her pussy, she had another
small orgasm over how disgusting it was.
How could she eat food from her pussy. She was a dirty little whore. What
was Susie doing, she was taking Anne's hand and using it to scoop up
some food from Anne's pussy. Oh my god, she was moving it toward her
mouth. And with Anne unresisting, Susie used Anne's hand to feed Anne
from her pussy.
"Feed yourself slut - you're old enough" Susie said.
Anne reached down and scooped up some more food and slowly raised it to
her mouth.
"That's it slut. That's how a total slut feeds herself" Susie encouraged.
Anne closed her eyes and ate the food from her hand. And then she
reached down for more. This was so disgusting. How she must look
scooping food from her pussy and shoving it in her mouth. She was such a
tramp.
Each time Anne emptied her pussy, Susie would fill it up again, mashing
the food with her fist. And then having Anne reach her entire hand into
her pussy to scoop the food back out. And Anne got hotter and hotter as
she debased herself further and further.
When Anne was full, Susie told her "spread it all over your body whore."
"Wh-what" Anne stammered looking at Susie fearfully.
Susie reached for Anne's clit and started playing with it. "You heard me
you dirty cunt. Show me what a filthy tramp you are. Spread that food all
over that disgusting whore body of yours." And as Susie said each word,
she continued to frig Anne's clit.
Anne shuddered with each word as though Susie was hitting her. Look at
her with food leaking out of her hole. Susie was right, she was a dirty little
tramp. Oh god, how could she be so disgusting. And she was getting off on
it. Susie's hand was going to make her cum. Oh no.
Anne reached down and grabbed some of the slop oozing from her cunt.
And as she spread it across her stomach, she came. "Oh god, oh god, OH
GOD. Fuck me, make me cum. Make my slutty pussy cum" Anne shouted.
Anne reached for more slop. But, as her hand rose toward her stomach,
Susie grabbed it and guided it toward Anne's face. And as Anne allowed
her hand to wipe the mixture of food and pussy juice over her face, the
thought of how she must look sent her over the edge again. "Oh god I'M
CUUUMMMMMMMIIIIINNNGGG" she shouted. "Oh yes, oh yes, oh
yes."
Anne continued to spread food all over her body. Susie had her pay
particular attention to her big cow tits, spreading it over her tits, packing it

between her bikini and the tits, and then spreading it over the bikini itself.
Finally Anne was covered in the slop from her cunt. It looked like she had
rolled in a pig trough. Susie then had her stand up and walk into the
backyard. Anne was trembling in disgust at how she looked and what she
had done.
"I need to wash it off, please let me wash it off" Anne begged Susie. "This
is too disgusting. I have to get this off now."
"You really do look like a piece of trash" Susie told Anne, watching her
cringe at the statement. "You look like you've been rolling around in the
garbage. In fact, you look like a piece of garbage."
About that time Anne's dog trotted up and started licking her feet and
ankles eating the food.
"No Rover, don't" Anne commanded the dog.
"Shut up slut" Susie snarled. "Why should the food go to waste? Just
because you rolled around in it doesn't mean its no good for the dog."
"What do you mean?" Anne asked all confused.
"Let him lick it off. For a dirty whore like you, a tongue bath from a dog is
more than clean enough."
"I-I can't do that" Anne insisted.
Susie slapped Anne. "Don't you fucking tell me what you can and can't do
you little slut. You're my whore and you do whatever I tell you to do."
Anne froze. How dare Susie slap her. She had no right. "Leave me alone"
Anne cried. "I'm not going to play any of your dirty games anymore. I'm
not." And Anne heaved a sigh of relief. She had done it. She had told Susie
no.
Susie stared at Ann for a couple of seconds and then slapped her again. "I
said shut the fuck up you little whore. You're my little pussy slave and
don't you forget it. Or don't you remember how you loved shoving your
face in my pussy."
"Its wrong Susie. Oh please understand, its just wrong. I can't do it" Anne
said as her will started to weaken.
"Is it any more wrong than when you raped Rachael?" Susie asked.
"Maybe we should play the video I brought of that so you can compare.
Maybe we should ask your parents to watch too."
Anne looked at Susie with utter fright on her face. "No no, you can't do
that. No please, I'll do anything. Please don't show my parents the tape."
"Get on your hands and knees fuck face" Susie demanded.
"Oh god no, oh god please please" Anne whimpered as she sunk to her
knees. "Please don't do this. I'll do anything Susie, just please don't do
this."
"Look at you" Susie said holding Anne's face so she was staring at Susie.
"You are such a dirty little thing. On your hands and knees as your dog
licks all of that slop off of you. Do you think he likes it better because the
taste of your cum is mixed into the food?"
Anne shuddered as she felt Rover's tongue on her leg. Oh god, this was so
wrong. This was evil letting her dog lick her. She didn't care what Susie
threatened, she couldn't let Rover lick certain parts of her. She would
rather die.
And what Susie was saying about her. No she wasn't a dirty little whore.
She was only doing this because Susie was blackmailing her, not because
she wanted it. Why was Susie doing this to her. She would be nice to Susie.
"Remember last night when you licked my pussy" Susie asked. "Remember
when I licked yours? Remember after you raped Rachael how I held you
and fingered your clit. Didn't that feel good? Think about how good it felt
to have me hold you and finger you to cum after cum."
Anne closed her eyes and concentrated on that memory to block out what
she was doing right now. It had felt so good to lie in Susie's arms as she
came and came. Why couldn't Susie do that now. Oh that had felt so good.
And as Anne thought about the previous night, she started to enjoy the
feeling of Rover's tongue on her legs, and then her stomach. And when his
tongue moved to the edge of her ass, the feeling, along with her thoughts
brought her up to the edge.
"Oh is my little whore going to cum" Susie asked. "Cum for me my little
slut."
And as Anne started to cum Susie continued "think about that dog's tongue
on your ass making you cum"
"No" Anne said startled as she realized what Susie was saying. "No that's
not - oh god no - no, oh oh."
"Yes my slut, cum on the dog's tongue. Cum for me."
Anne looked at Susie with fear on her face. "Please stop him Susie, oh god
please stop" she begged as she felt his tongue move toward her ass crack.
Oh god, his tongue was doing all kinds of funny things to her. The thought
of Rover's tongue on her bathing suit over her ass had her frozen.
This couldn't be exciting her. This couldn't be why she had cum. NO NO
it couldn't. Susie was wrong. It was the thoughts of Susie's mouth and
hand on her clit that had made her cum. She had been thinking of
something else.
This scared her. She didn't want Rover's tongue on her anywhere. And
now rover was licking the food off of her bikini bottom. This was too
disgusting. But Susie was holding her in position. She couldn't move. And
if she did, Susie would show the tape to her parents. Better to hold still.
So Anne froze in place, shaking with fear and crying in shame as she let
her dog lick all the food off of her body. And when Susie made her sit up
on her knees so Rover could lick the front of her bikini bottom and her
chest, Anne closed her eyes and held her position, while all the time
shaking with sobs over what she was allowing her dog to do.
And Susie loved watching Rover lick the food off of Anne's taut belly,
working toward her tits. Those wonderful gigantic whore tits sticking out
from Anne's body. God she loved how those looked, heaving and shaking
with Anne's sobs.
And when Rover had cleaned all of Anne except her crotch, Susie had
Anne stand up with her legs spread. Susie then pushed Rover's snout into
Anne's crotch. "Finish up your lunch boy" she said.
"Oh god no" Anne cried. "PLEASE GOD NO" she begged sobbing. "I'll
do anything but please don't do this - I beg you PLEASE."
"Do you want to take your bikini off" Susie asked sweetly. "We can let
Rover clean out the inside of your pussy. I'll bet you'd like that wouldn't
you?"
Anne froze. Oh god no. She would rather die. She could handle this. She
could get thorough it. Yes she could. Ok, he's doing it. OH GOD, HER
DOG WAS LICKING HER PUSSY THROUGH THE SUIT. "Oh god"
Anne sobbed "Oh god please help me."
Susie held Anne's head and stroked her hair as Rover cleaned the food off
of the suit. Once the food was cleaned off, Rover kept trying to lick the
food between the suit and Anne's pussy, continuing to lick her clit through
the suit.
Anne sobbed her soul out as she clung to Susie, shuddering in shame at the
image of her dog licking her clit. And as the feelings built, Anne came in
Susie's arms, shuddering even more in shame that she came from the
licking. Oh god, how could her body betray her like this.
And with the cum, Anne collapsed. Rover ran off and Susie held Anne,
kissing her and gently fingering her clit. And as Anne cried in Susie's
arms, she once again grabbed on to Susie as her anchor in a storm of
uncertainty. She let herself go, kissing Susie back and relaxing in the
feelings of the gentle cums Susie's fingers were generating in her.
Susie loved her and would take care of her.




Chapter 15 - Weekends
For the next couple of weekends Susie came over to Anne's house. She
even spent Friday and Saturday night with Anne. How could Anne's
parents object - what was wrong with an innocent 15 year old girl spending
the night with their daughter.
Susie would manage for most of the weekend to keep Anne constantly
cuming in the most embarrassing ways. Riding the school bus to Anne's
house, they would sit in the back and Susie would finger Anne toward the
end of the ride when the bus was mostly empty. Anne would get off with a
giant wet spot on the back of her skirt.
When they went to the bathroom, Susie would have Anne eat her
afterwards and leave a coat of girl cum all over Anne's face. Or Susie
would eat Anne to the edge of an orgasm, and they would then go back out
where Anne's parents were. And Susie would do this repeatedly until Anne
was ready to finger herself in front of her own parents. And then Susie
would have Anne go to the next room and finger herself while Susie talked
to Anne's parents - just steps away from seeing Anne fingering her clit.
At night all Susie let Anne wear was a T-shirt, no panties. So Anne would
be walking around her parents feeling totally naked. And bending or
sitting wrong would show her parents everything. And to make it worse,
sometimes Susie attached bells to Anne's cunt rings so Anne had to walk
and move even more carefully.
They would cuddle up under a blanket to watch TV with Anne's parents
Under the blanket Anne would pull up her shirt and Susie would finger her
clit the entire time. Anne would quietly cum repeatedly just inches away
from her parents.
At night they would sleep in a 69 licking each other until they fell asleep
and again in the morning. Sometimes Susie would handcuff Anne's hands
behind her back and leave vibrators on in Anne's pussy and ass all night
long.
On Sunday's for church, Susie would dress Anne up in a corset and
stockings. Susie then put on her red lipstick and would place kisses all
over
Anne's tits and cunt. Then Susie would help Anne put a dress on. Anne
would almost cum knowing Susie's kisses were all over her in church.
They would go to watch a movie and Susie would finger Anne the entire
time. Even if someone was seated right next to Anne, Susie would still
finger her and get her off. Several times people had moved away from
them in disgust realizing what they were doing - which only added to
Anne's mortification.
When they went to the store Anne would have a vibrator in her pussy and
the butt-plug in her ass. Sometimes Anne would wear a very short skirt.
And sometimes she would wear nothing but a T-shirt. In either case, the
slightest breath of wind would lift up the edge, showing everyone her ass
and pussy.
Susie would have Anne walk to the railing on the top floor of the mall so
that people below could look up and see her bar slit, with the vibrator
stuffed up into it. Anne would hold onto the railing with her eyes closed
embarrassed and ashamed at what everyone could see.
But she had to do it. One time she told Susie no and Susie then pulled her
T-shirt up to her armpits with people all around them. Anne almost died.
Only a couple of boys had actually seen it - no one else was sure what had
gone on. But Anne's will to resist died with that. Nothing Susie made her
do was as bad as having her shirt pulled up.
Occasionally in the stores, in a cornet where no one could see them, Susie
would have Anne crouch down and plunge the vibrator in and out of her
cunt. Anne would sink in a pool of shame, plunging the vibrator in and out
of her slit, and cumming in a store with people all around them.
At least once each weekend both of Anne's parents would leave for awhile.
And each time, Susie repeated filling Anne's cunt with food, spreading it
over Anne, and having Rover lick it off. And each time, Anne would cry in
shame at what she was doing. And then, after it was over, she would
shudder in Susie's arms for a half hour or more because she had cum from
her dog's tongue.
And so it went. Susie kept Anne in a state of constant arousal. And Anne
was constantly ashamed of the dirty whore things Susie kept doing to her.
Anne was also kept barely dressed. Wearing just a T-shirt to the mall was
almost as bad in Anne's mind as going naked.
When Anne's parents were gone, Anne was totally naked in her house, and
usually playing with her pussy. When they were there, Susie kept Anne as
naked as possible, cuddling under a blanket to watch TV with a naked
Anne. Lifting her skirt when Anne was on the other side of the counter
from her parents. Taking Anne's bikini bottom off when they were in the
pool and Anne's mom was inside watching them.
And always, keeping Anne on the edge of her next orgasm, or making her
cum. Anne would fall asleep cuming. She would wake to Susie's mouth on
her clit bringing her to her first orgasm of the day. A trip to the
bathroom
always meant a cum or two. A trip to the mall was a constant high with
Susie having her hands on Anne almost constantly.
At home Anne would have orgasm after orgasm. Everytime they went up
to Anne's room Susie would have Anne strip and then bring herself off.
They would then rub their naked bodies together, Susie with her just
blooming womanhood and small tits pressed against Anne's giant cow
udders, mouths glued to each other with tongues darting down each others
throats. Legs intertwined as bare pussies rubbed against each other. And
hands running over each others bodies.
This was Anne's refuge from the storm. There was nothing disgusting she
had to do during these sessions. She and Susie would just make mad
passionate love to each other. Anne would release all of her pent up shame
and degradation into their love-making. And it was love-making. Anne
was falling deeply in love with Susie. She loved running her hands over
Susies small breasts. She loved feeling Susie's little pussy rub against
her
leg. And she loved kissing Susie, darting her tongue into Susie's mouth
and feeling Susie's wet tongue in her mouth.
And it was mutual. Susie found herself falling in love with the little
whore.
How could she not. Anne did everything Susie told her to. Having Anne
eat her to several climaxes a day alone would be enough to make most girls
fall for the slut. Susie loved seeing Anne's naked body. She was such a
beautiful sight with those giant tits that screamed the word SLUT, that
lovely bare pussy, and those rings everywhere that showed her for the
whore she was. Mostly she loved Anne because Anne wallowed in every
degrading act Susie demanded of her.

After 2 weekends one Sunday, Susie kept bringing Anne coke's to drink.
Anne was so pleased that Susie was doing something for her that she kept
drinking them as they laid out near the pool. But when she had to go pee,
Susie wouldn't let Anne get up.
"Susie PLEASE, I really need to pee" Anne begged.
"Don't you dare get up" Susie whispered to Anne while smiling at Anne's
mother who was watching them.
"I have to Susie or I'm going to explode" Anne pleaded.
"Let it out right there."
"WHAT?" Anne said so loud her mother looked up at her.
"I want you to pee right there."
"I can't do that" Anne insisted.
"Yes you can - if you don't want your bladder to explode."
"Oh god" Anne said as she started to release her bladder, feeling her
bikini
get warm and wet.
"That's it my little slut" Susie whispered to Anne. God she loved doing
this to her in front of Anne's parents.
Anne shuddered in shame. Here she was pissing in her pants in front of her
mom. This was so disgusting. How could she do something so disgusting.
And as Anne felt the pee dribble down her legs and ass and drip to the
cement she felt like a total tramp.
As she was still peeing Susie grabbed her hand and said "come-on, lets go
swim" and pulled her up. So Anne followed Susie to the pool with pee
dribbling out of her bikini down her lets to her feet. GOD it felt so
disgusting. She was pissing on herself.
Once they were in the pool Anne felt better as the pee was washed away.
Susie leaned over to Anne and whispered "Lets swim over by your mom.
When we're next to her, out your hand in my cunt. And don't you dare pull
it out for ANY reason."
"I-I can't do that" Anne said horrified.
"Should I tell your mom to check out that puddle under your lounge?"
Susie asked smiling.
"O-Ok" Anne whimpered.
The two swam over and as Susie spread her legs wide under water and
talked to Anne's mom, Anne placed her fingers in Susie's pussy. Once
Anne's hand was in there, Susie closed her legs trapping Anne's hand.
Suddenly Anne's hand felt warm. OH MY GOD, Susie was pissing all over
Anne's hand. Anne tried to pull her hand away but her mother would
notice if she tried too hard so she was trapped. Anne was totally ashamed
at herself - she was allowing Susie to piss on her and she wasn't doing
anything to stop it.
After Susie stopped pissing, she pushed Anne's head underwater where she
had pissed. Anne's mom took it as plain old fun. How was she to know that
Susie was pushing her daughter's head into piss? But Anne knew and she
almost threw up when she got some of the water in her mouth.
From that point forward, Anne rarely pee'ed into a toilet on the weekends.
When she was in her bikini Susie always made her pee in her pants,
sometimes not letting her swim until hours later after it had dried in her
bikini.
In public, if there was a bush to go behind, or an alley to duck in to,
then
Anne had to squat and pee on the ground hoping no one would see her.
And with nothing to wipe, she would have drops fall down her leg
afterwards.
And every morning and night in the shower, Susie would pee into Anne's
hands, and then have Anne pee into her own hands. Anne would always
wash her hands immediately afterwards. But like the lipstick kisses on her
breasts and cunt, she never felt her hands were clean enough.
After that, Susie had Anne play with her clit in the shower and pee when
she came. While Anne hated this, it became such a habit that she did it
even on weekdays when Susie wasn't there, crying in shame that her urges
caused her to do something so dirty.

Susie also started experimenting in bondage with Anne. Susie was
fascinated with Anne's giant tits. Having DD breasts on a petite little
frame was such a sexy site. And there was almost no sag in them yet, that
would come in later years but not yet.
Susie would spend hours kissing and sucking and caressing Anne's giant
udders. Burying her face in them while squeezing and grabbing them too.
Then one day, Susie pulled out some line and started to wrap the base of
one breast. Wrapping tighter and tighter telling Anne to shut up when she
protested. Susie wrapped it so tight that the rest of Anne's breast
ballooned
out around the rope, making it even bigger.
Susie then wrapped Anne's other tit with the rope too, making them both
stick out. They looked so beautiful like this, turning a deep red and then
slowly purple. Susie gently kissed and caressed them for a half hour before
untying the rope.
Anne was in agony for 10 minutes after the rope was undone and the blood
rushed back into her tits. Susie held her and kissed her as the agony
slowly
subsided. Susie then strapped on a dildo and they made love while Susie
mauled Anne's sensitive tits and Anne cried from the pain as she had
orgasm after orgasm.
After that, Susie would wrap Anne's tits and have her dress and walk
around the house in front of her parents with her tits all bound up. And
Susie would bump into Anne's breasts, or cause Anne to bump into the
wall, sending pain shooting through Anne's oversensitized breasts.
Next Susie bought bracelets for Anne that could be clipped together. So
while all anyone else saw as Anne wearing matching bracelets and holding
her hands together behind her, actually they were clipped together and
Anne had to hold her hands behind her back.
Susie loved nothing better than to take Anne to the mall with her breasts
bound, her hands clipped behind her, wearing nothing but a T-shirt and
high-heeled sandals. Watching Anne's constant pain and embarrassment
as men around her stared at her.
Having Anne stand behind a rack of clothes where everyone could see her
from the chest up as Susie would pull up the T-shirt and play with her
clit,
bringing Anne to orgasm in front of all the other shoppers. And Anne
wanting to curl up and die but unable to do anything with her hands tied
behind her back.
Susie started keeping Anne's hands clipped behind her back whenever she
could, unclipping them only when her parents were around and could tell.
In public, Anne came to accept that it was normal for her hands to be tied
behind her back. At home, in private, in another room from her parents,
while watching TV Anne had her hands clipped behind her back. And
while sunning herself in the backyard, Susie would clip Anne's hands to
the top of the lounge, holding them in place.
To complete Anne's bondage in public, Susie got Anne some really thick
contact lenses (Anne's vision was 20/20) and had her wear those, and 7"
heels when they went out. With the contact lenses everything was a blurry
shape to Anne and anything more than 10 feet away was part of an
indistinguishable background.
The heels made it extremely difficult to walk and with the lenses in,
impossible to see where she was stepping. With her arms behind her and
her bound breasts sensitive to anything she bumped into, Anne was totally
dependent on Susie.
Susie would lean over to kiss Anne someplace private and then tell Anne
that 20 men had watched them french kiss. Anne would sink in shame at
what she had done. They would sit in a restaurant facing the wall where no
one could see them and Susie would have Anne spread her legs for all the
men supposedly watching her. And when Susie would then rub her clit
getting her off, Anne would feel totally degraded for cuming like a whore
in front of everyone.

Anne refused to do what Susie said just once. They were in a sporting
goods store and Susie had a bat sticking up from the floor and wanted
Anne to fuck it. When Anne said no, Susie walked off. Anne stood there
and called for her - but Susie was gone. What could she do. She couldn't
see, she couldn't use her hands, and if she fell down in her high heels,
everyone would see her bare pussy and the ever present butt-plug in her
ass.
Anne stood there and quietly sobbed. She couldn't ask anyone for help.
How could she tell someone that her hands were clipped behind her back.
If she did they would know - know that she was someone's private little
whore to use and abuse anyway they wished.
Anne took a tentative step, and the another. As hope started to spring up,
she bumped into a rack, sending pain shooting through her bound breasts.
As Anne stumbled from bumping in, her foot hit something else and she
started to fall down.
Oh god, she thought NOOOOOOOOOO. This was her worst nightmare.
Everyone would find out. But as Anne fell, she fell against a body. A body
that reached out and steadied her. "Are you ok?" the blurry shape in front
of her asked.
"F-fine, I'm fine thank you" Anne replied.
The shape moved off and Anne froze afraid to move again. Oh god what
was she going to do. Anne shivered in fear. Everyone would see. Anne
suddenly realized what she looked like. Here she was dressed in just a T-
shirt, with her tits wrapped in rope, and wearing 7" heels. She was an
utter
slut. Oh god, she wished she could just roll up into a ball and disappear.
"Hi slut" Susie whispered in her ear. "Have you changed your mind?"
Anne almost collapsed in relief. Susie was back. Oh thank god. "Please
don't leave me Susie, please don't ever leave me" Anne begged.
"Are you my little slut?"
"Yes, yes, oh please don't leave me Susie."
"Are you going to tell me no again?"
"No, no I won't tell you no again."
"You just said no whore" Susie said and walked away again.
"Susie wait, Susie please wait" Anne cried desperately.
There was no answer. Oh god, she had left her. Oh god help her.
Anne stood there for what seemed a lifetime praying for Susie to come
back. Finally she felt a touch on her arm.
"Are you going to tell me no again?" Susie asked.
"N-Y-I-I" Anne stammered unsure how to answer the question.
"Want me to leave again?" Susie asked letting go of Anne's arm and
stepping back smiling.
"N-N-N-P-Please Susie" begged Anne.
"Please what?"
"Please don't leave me." Anne pleaded.
"Answer me then slut - will you ever tell me no again?"
Suddenly inspiration struck "I won't Susie, I won't ever say it again" Anne
said with relief.
"Are you my whore?"
"Yes Susie, I'm your whore" Anne replied.
"Don't call me Susie anymore. Call me Mistress" Susie demanded.
"Yes Mistress" Anne said, readily agreeing to anything Susie asked. Just as
long as she didn't leave her.
"You never fucked that bat my little whore did you?"
"N-No" Anne whimpered.
"You said no" Susie said letting go of Anne's arm.
Anne freaked. Oh my god no. Susie was going to leave her here. Anne
started to panic.
"And you forgot to say Mistress slut" Susie continued. "Whatever am I
going to do with you?"
"Please please Mistress, please don't leave me" Anne pleaded.
"That's better cunt hole" Susie said with scorn dripping from her voice.
Anne reacted as though hit. "Maybe you're too stupid to avoid using the
word no. Are you too stupid my little fuck face?"
Anne grasped at her last chance. "Yes, yes I'm too stupid. Please forgive
me Su-Mistress. Please forgive me" Anne begged with tears running down
her face.
"Ok my stupid little slut, you can say no. But don't you EVER EVER
disagree with me. You got that?" Susie demanded.
"N-No, I won't Susie" Anne said in relief.
"Mistress whore - my name is Mistress" Susie hissed.
"Mistress - I'm sorry Mistress" Anne stammered. It won't happen again.
Susie reached down and pulled the vibrator out of Anne's pussy. She then
positioned the bat below her.
"Ok slut, drop your hot hole down on the bat. You know you want it. You
want to fuck it don't you?" Susie asked.
Anne started to drop down and felt the end of the bat pressing against her
cunt hole. "Ye-Yes" she answered Susie.
"Yes what?" Susie demanded.
"Yes Mistress."
"Yes Mistress what - what is it you want to do?"
"I-I want to fuck the bat Mistress" Anne said and sobbed as she said it. Oh
god, how could she say she wanted to do something so disgusting. She
didn't want to do this. She didn't want to fuck the bat. How could she say
that. Suddenly Anne realized that Susie was talking to her.
"Tell me how much you love it slut. Tell me that you love having a bat up
your cunt. I mean, if you didn't like it there's no reason for me to stay
here
is there?"
"Oh please don't leave Susie. I lo-"
"Mistress you dumb cunt. Can't you even remember something that
simple. Or are all your brains in that wet hole of yours?"
Anne cringed. "I'm sorry Mistress - I'm sorry. Please don't leave me."
"You really are a dumb little cunt aren't you?" Susie sneered.
"Yes Mistress, I'm sorry" Anne whimpered.
Susie noticed that Anne was not fucking the bat. "Come on whore, fuck the
bat. Get yourself off on it. You know you want it. You know you love
having it up your pussy. Tell me how much you love it."
Anne started moving up and down on the bat. God it hurt stretching her
pussy. And her legs hurt moving her body up and down. "I love it Mistress.
I love feeling the bat in my pussy."
"Keep talking slut. Don't stop talking or fucking till you cum. Tell your
Mistress how much you love fucking the bat. Tell me what a disgusting
little slut you are."
Anne felt so degraded she wanted to die. Fucking the bat was so dirty. She
was acting like a total whore. And now Mistress wanted her to say she
liked it. Mistress wanted her to cum. She couldn't do that. She couldn't
pretend to like it. And there was no way she could cum.
"I can leave slut. I can leave you here with a bat up your pussy and send
the manager over to see what's going on. Would you like that?"
Oh god - "I love it Mistress. I love fucking the bat. It's getting me so
hot. I
love feeling it stuffed up in my pussy" Anne babbled on in desperation.
And as Anne went on and on, she felt more and more disgusted with
herself. Look at her talk about how it turned her on.
And then Anne found herself getting turned on. Oh god she was enjoying
it. She couldn't, oh no she couldn't. This was just too disgusting. But as
the feelings built, Anne's words started reflecting how she really felt.
"Oh god, it feels so good plunging into my pussy Mistress. I love it. Its
getting me hot. Oh fuck me, fuck me." And Anne went on and on.
As she built up, Susie started whispering to her "are you my little sex
slave? Are you my little pussy eating lesbo whore?"
As Anne heard the words she shuddered. She was Susi- no Mistresses sex
slave. She was her whore. And a mini-orgasm ran through Anne as she
realized this. What a dirty thought, that she was Mistress's sex slave.
"Yes,
yes Mistress I'm your sex slave. I'm your whore" Anne said as she
approached her cum.
Susie stopped Anne's movement when the bat was fully in her pussy. "Are
you my slave? Are you my pussy slave?"
Anne strained to pump herself on the bat so she could cum. Why was
Mistress stopping her. She would do anything to cum right now. "Yes, I'm
your slave Mistress. I'm anything you want."
Susie released Anne so she could continue pumping. "Keep telling me
you're my pussy slave cunt."
"I'm your pussy slave Mistress. I love eating your pussy. I love you
Mistress. Please let me cum." Anne kept repeating variations of these lines
as she pumped herself toward an orgasm. Oh god, she wanted to cum so
bad. Oh please don't stop me Mistress Anne thought.
Suddenly there was a voice. "What the hell is going on here?" Susie looked
over. Oh shit, it was the store manager. And he could see exactly what was
going on. Fuck, everything down the tubes. Once the police were involved
she wouldn't see Anne again for a hundred years.
Anne freaked. Oh god, someone was watching her fuck the bat. And they
heard what she was telling Susie. This couldn't be happening. Oh god help
her - everyone would find out what a disgusting little tramp she was.
Fucking a bat in the middle of the department store. Anne stood and
sobbed in shame at the thought of how she must look.
Think Susie said to herself THINK. What the fuck was she going to do.
She could run but they would have Anne. And Anne would talk. WAIT A
MINUTE. Look at him. He was staring at the bat in Anne's pussy. He was
mesmerized. OF COURSE, what guy could resist that sight.
Susie walked over to the manager. "You can call the cops. And this all
stops right now. Or you can watch while she finishes. Think about it - ever
think you'll get to see this again. Don't you want to watch her cum on the
bat?"
He was frozen. Susie figured that he couldn't help it. He wanted to call
the
cops. It was the right thing to do. But he couldn't pull his eyes off of
Anne.
"Fuck it" Susie said to Anne. "Fuck the bat you dirty little cunt. Fuck it
or
he'll call the cops"
Anne was frozen. She couldn't do this in front of someone else. What
would he think of her. He would think she was an utter slut. But she had
to. She had to. Oh God and Anne shuddered at the utter shame of fucking a
bat in front of a stranger. And then she started to move.
"Tell me that you're my sex slave my little whore" Susie whispered.
Anne sobbed and started to cry. Not in front of this stranger. She
couldn't.
She couldn't show the world what a slutty disgusting tramp she had
become.
"Tell me NOW or I leave you for him and the cops" Susie snarled.
Anne's whole body was racked with sobs. Rivers of tears were running
down her face. She couldn't do this. It was too humiliating even for the
slut she had become. But she had to... "I'm you slut Mistress. I'm your
pussy slave. I'm your lesbo whore. I love you Mistress. I'm your sex slave.
I'll do anything you want me to."
"Is my little sex slave going to cum? Cum for your Mistress you little
whore."
And the vision of what she had become pushed Anne over the edge into a
mind-blowing orgasm. She lost all strength and fell onto the bat jamming
it all the way up into her pussy with her weight resting on it. And through
the orgasm Anne kept whispering to Susie "I love you Mistress. I'm you
pussy slave Mistress."
Susie looked over to the store manager who had obviously cum in his
pants. She went over to him and whispered to him. He nodded once, took a
last look at Anne and hurried away.
Susie went back to Anne who was starting to panic when Susie left her.
"Its ok my little slave, your Mistress is here. I'll take care of you. Its
ok my
little whore."
And Anne relaxed as she came down from her cum. Oh god, here she was
in a store with a bat jammed up her pussy. She had just cum in front of
someone else. This was so awful. Please oh please she needed to get out of
here. "Please Susie ca-"
Susie put her hand over Anne's mouth (she couldn't slap her here - people
would see it). "Its Mistress you slut" Susie hissed.
"I-I'm sorry Mistress. Please PLEASE can we leave now" Anne begged.
"We're just about to go my little pussy slave. But I'm waiting for the
manager to bring something. You can't walk out with everyone seeing that
bat up your pussy. Everyone would be too disgusted to see what a tramp
you really are."
Anne cringed at the thought. "Please pull it out" she asked Susie.
"You forgot to say Mistress" Susie laughed.
"Please pull it out Mistress" Anne pleaded.
"Too late - it stays in. But don't worry" Susie said as the manager came
back and handed her a wrap-around skirt. "Here's a skirt to hide it." And
Susie wrapped the floor length skirt around Anne. And Anne waddled the
length of the mall with a bat jammed up her pussy under her skirt, her
bound breasts pushing out against the too tight T-shirt bouncing for
everyone to see.

When they arrived at Anne's home, Susie had Anne lay down on the bed
and fuck herself with the bat. And Anne sat on her face and had Anne eat
her out. And the whole time she talked to Anne. "You're my sex slave. I'm
your Mistress. You do whatever I tell you to do. You don't do anything
unless I tell you. Do you understand my little whore?"
And each time Susie asked Anne if she understood Anne would stop eating
her for a second and say "Yes Mistress" and then go back to eating Susie's
pussy. After a half hour of this, Susie had beat down most of Anne's little
remaining willpower.
Susie also had Anne wear a walkman most of the time, while at home, at
school, when they went on their trips, and while sleeping. It was a
recording, mostly of Anne's voice from the tapes they had made of her
calling herself a whore and a slut. The sounds of people fucking Anne and
of Anne raping Rachael.
And interspersed within it all were Susie's voice, over a background of the
two of them fucking, telling Anne that Susie was her Mistress and that she
was Mistress' sex slave. That she was to do anything and everything
Mistress told her to do. That her only role in life was to be Mistress'
whore
and slut and slave."
Through all of this Anne lost all of her willpower and retreated into her
own world where all that existed was her Mistress. Anne rarely could
choose what to do with Susie keeping her as naked and bound as possible.
Wearing the heels and contacts made it impossible for Anne to take even a
few simple steps without Mistress.
And the tape playing in her ears everywhere, in the most normal situations,
made her constantly aware that she was her Mistress' sex slave. Sitting at
dinner with her parents or in class at school while listening to Rachael's
screams as she raped her, or men calling her a whore as she jerked them
off on the dance floor, made these things a part of her normal life.
Then her Mistress' voice, her Mistress who she loved so much, telling her
that she was Mistress' pussy slave, that became Anne's new foundation.
Her Mistress who was always with her, even when she wasn't physically
there, that became the new foundation for Anne to re-build her mind on.

Susie also expanded how Anne fed Rover. There was a brand of large dog
biscuits that Rover loved. So when Anne and Susie arrived at Anne's
house, Susie would have Anne stick one of the biscuits half into her pussy.
The first couple of times they did this Anne's parents weren't home. So as
soon as they stepped in the door, Susie raised Anne's dress and Rover
grabbed the biscuit. Anne stood in shame, but it was over so fast that it
wasn't that big a deal.
Then Susie stopped raising Anne's skirt. Rover could smell the biscuit and
made a beeline for Anne's crotch. With her hands clipped behind her back,
Anne couldn't stop him. Rover's head darted under Anne's skirt and
grabbed the dog biscuit.
This repeated time after time with Rover learning that there was always a
treat for him under Anne's skirt. And Anne had to allow her dog to stick
his head under her skirt, pulling the biscuit from her pussy. Sometimes his
nose would hit her clit. Or his tongue would lick her pussy. And each time
Anne shuddered in shame.




Chapter 16 - Spring Break

And while all of this was going on, Susie was working on Anne's father.
Susie had seen the glances she got. So she made sure there was a lot to
glance at. Her legs would fall carelessly open showing her pussy through a
pair of well worn panties. Or maybe the panties had moved to one side.
And Susie didn't need to wear a bra. So she would lean over and her
blouse would fall away showing Anne's father her tits. Or she would wear
a tight tanktop, cut to the midriff, and so worn that you could almost see
through it.
And whenever Susie had a good excuse, she would give him a big hug,
pressing her tits into his arm or back. Susie could see the interest growing
and growing in his eyes. He was definitely thinking of her in sexual terms.
So next Susie would manage to have the bathroom or bedroom door open
while she changed clothes. She would pretend to not see him and stretch to
give him a better view.
Susie found out that Fred (Anne's father) would go down for a snack many
nights around 2:00 AM. So Susie started going down for a snack then too
on the weekends when she stayed with Anne. All she wore was a T-shirt
that was tight against her body. Anne's dad almost couldn't help himself
the first time he saw her sexy young body under the shirt.
There was something about Susie's developing body that he found almost
irresistible. The still budding breasts so smooth and firm. The flat stomach
without even a though of fat or sag. The legs that still belonged to a little
girl.
The first couple of nights Susie just talked to Fred. Each night she would
lean back more while talking, pressing her tits against the shirt and having
it ride higher up her thighs. By the fourth night, Fred could see her pussy
peeking under the shirt.
Susie then started to spread her legs. Fred tried not to be obvious but it was
clear that he was mainly looking at Susie's crotch. Susie continued for a
couple of nights talking to Fred while more and more obviously spreading
her legs so he could look at her pussy.
Then one night, while talking to Fred who was basically staring at Susie's
pussy, Susie reached down and started playing with her pussy. She played
until she came and then went back to bed, leaving Fred sitting at the table
in shock with a wet spot in his pajamas.
Susie continued to play with herself in front of Fred weekend night after
night, playing with her tits too and cuming and cuming for him. And Fred
started to stroke his cock while watching cuming with her.
Then one night, as Fred was about to cum, Susie dropped to the floor and
started sucking his cock. Before Fred could say anything, he came in
Susie's mouth. And Susie then ran off before Fred could say anything.
The next night Fred wasn't there. After about 15 minutes he came in with
a hunted look on his face. Susie wouldn't let him speak, sitting him down
she dove onto his cock and sucked him off in under a minute. This
continued for the next several weekends.
Then on night as she was sucking Fred, Susie stood up and mounted him.
Before Fred knew what was going on, Susie was fucking him. And while
he verbally protested, he fucked back depositing a load of sperm in Susie's
pussy.
And each night Susie would then go back to Anne's room, wake her up,
and have her suck the cum out of her pussy, telling Anne where it came
from. And as Anne would recoil in horror, Susie would scoop some of
Fred's sperm from her pussy and push it into Anne's pussy so Anne had
her father's sperm in her cunt.
And Anne would cry in shame feeling totally degraded as her father's
sperm dripped from her lips and pussy. And Susie and Anne would then 69
with Anne cuming and cuming while eating more of her father's sperm
from Susie feeling that she had sunk as far into the gutter as possible.
And as each orgasm coursed through her body, she felt more ashamed for
cuming while eating her own father's cum. And the shame made each
orgasm more intense. So that she came harder and harder while eating her
own father's cum.

Susie didn't care about Fred. What she wanted was him in a position where
he couldn't tell Susie or Anne no to anything. And they had reached that
point. As Spring Break approached, an even better opportunity appeared.
Susie's parents planned to take the entire family on a business trip of
Susie's father. Susie proposed that she stay with Anne instead. This was
fine Susie's parents. When they called Anne's father, all he could think
about was fucking Susie every night and agreed instantly.
This would give Susie 9 straight days with Anne. All that was left was
getting rid of Anne's mom. Then there would be no limits. That turned out
to be almost too easy. Anne pointed out to Fred that she could fuck him a
lot more if Claire (Anne's mom) wasn't there. It turns out Claire wanted to
go visit her sister. And with a school break and a friend to play with, Anne
could survive for a week without her.
So Friday Susie and Anne took the bus home to a house that would hold
just three of them for the next 9 days. It was to be a week that none of them
would ever forget.

As soon as they arrived home, Anne fed Rover his biscuit and then took
her clothes off. God what an intense week it had been. But now she could
relax with her Mistress. Anne let all of her worries disappear by realizing
that for the next 9 days, there was nothing she had to think about. Mistress
would decide everything.
Anne had so given up making her own decisions that she had almost
pee'ed in her pants a couple of times because Susie had not told her to pee
and she didn't think about anything. It was so good to not worry about
anything and just luxuriate in the orgasms Mistress gave her.
Susie led Anne into the bathroom and had Anne draw a bath and sit in the
tub. Susie then sat on the edge behind her and washed Anne's hair. Susie
then put a coloring gel in Anne's hair and had her sit in the tub with the
gel in her hair for a half hour.
After a half hour, Anne washed out her hair and then took a shower with
Susie washing her Mistress by putting soap on her tits and then rubbing
them all over Mistress' body. She then licked her Mistress to an orgasm
while finger herself to one.
After drying themselves off, Susie led Anne to the mirror. "This is how I
want my little slave to look" she told Anne.
Anne gasped. Before she had had beautiful brunette hair. Hair that shined
with beauty. It was the last mark of the original Anne Paul had left her.
And it was the one thing that had stopped everyone from considering her a
"dumb blond" when she got her big tits.
But now her hair was blond. And not a natural blond. It was so bleached it
was almost white. No one had natural hair this color. No this hair
screamed out BIMBO. The slut she saw in the mirror made Barbie look
like an intellectual. Anne dropped her face into her hands sobbing.
Susie pulled her hands down and then pulled on the back of Anne's hair so
she was looking at the mirror again. "That's my sex slave slut. That's how
a whore's hair should look. Aren't you going to thank me?"
Anne looked at herself and shuddered. This is what Mistress wanted. This
made Mistress happy. "Thank you Mistress" Anne whimpered.
"Thank you for giving me a slut's hair color Mistress" Susie said.
"Thank you for giving me slut hair Mistress" Ann whimpered.
"Play with yourself while you look at your hair. Think about how you look
and play with your clit my little pussy slave" Susie cooed.
Anne played with her clit while looking at herself. God she was a
disgusting piece of fuck meat. Her entire body screamed whore. That's all
she was - a fuck toy for Mistress and others to use. Look at those giant
whore tits. Only a whore had tits that big. And that bare pussy so that
everyone could see her wet hole. And the hair that told them all she only
existed for sex. To get men and women off.
And as Anne catalogued what a filthy piece of fuck meat she was, she was
working toward an orgasm. And as she saw the dirty whore getting off in
the mirror, her disgust at her self image took her over the edge to cum and
cum watching the filthy whore in the mirror get off.
As Anne came down from her cum she saw Susie walk back in. Susie was
carrying a couple of bracelets and some other things that Anne didn't
understand. Anne turned toward Susie and waited for Susie to tell her what
to do.
Susie didn't say anything but dropped down and buckled a bracelet around
each of Anne's ankles. They looked a little unusual but no one would guess
their true purpose although Anne could certainly guess. Susie then buckled
another around Anne's neck. Again, its true purpose was masked - it
looked like a choker - a very pretty one in fact. Susie then buckled bracelets
around Anne's upper arms.
Susie then pulled out a leather mini-corset. All it covered was from the top
of the pelvic bone to the beginning of Anne's ribcage. Anne was already
ridiculously thin thanks to the plastic surgery. But Susie wanted more. So
she pulled and pulled on the laces tightening the corset and then tightening
it some more. Anne could feel her insides shifting around trying to find
room. Finally Susie stopped and Anne had an almost impossible hourglass
figure. The leather was the same color as Anne's skin and the laces went
under a flap so it looked as though Anne was just impossibly thin.
Susie then reached up with what looked like the piercing gun from her
shop. It was the piercing gun! "Oh no, oh please Mistress no" Anne
whimpered.
"WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SAY SLAVE?" Susie yelled. "Did you tell
me to not do something?"
"I-I'm sorry Mistress. I'm sorry. But it hurts. It hurts" Anne pleaded.
"Tell me you want it whore. Apologize and ask for it."
"I-I-I'm sorry Mistress. It hurts. Please Mistress, PLEASE" Anne
whimpered.
Susie turned and walked out.
"I'm sorry Mistress" Anne wailed. "I'm sorry. Please come back. Let me
suck your clit. Let your pussy slave make you cum. I'm sorry Mistress"
Susie walked back in carrying a riding crop. "I'm not going to take any
more of this no shit. Overtime you refuse to do something you're going to
be punished."
Anne stared at the whip. Mistress couldn't mean to hit her with it. She just
couldn't. "I'm sorry Mistress. I'm sorry. Please don't whip me. Please"
Anne cried.
Susie clipped Anne's legs apart on the floor. She then clipped her arms
together and attached them to something above her. Anne was stretched
out on the floor able to move a little but not much. And her pussy and tits
were both very much available.
"Here's the scoop slut. I'm going to whip your pussy. I'm going to keep
whipping it until you ask me to punish you. And you have to mean it. I'll
whip your pussy raw if I have to. But I won't stop until you really really
want me to punish you."
Susie then continued "And to punish you, I'm going to whip your tits 10
times. But for those 10 times, you will not be tied down. You will kneel
and hold your hands behind you and ask to be punished. You got that
slut?"
Anne looked at her Mistress in utter shock. She couldn't do this. She
couldn't. Anne loved her. She couldn't hurt someone who loved her.
"Please Mistress, please don't. Don't you love me Mistress?" Anne
pleaded.
A look of love came over Susie's face. "Of course I love you my little pussy
slave. How could I not love someone as delicious and perverted as you.
That's why I have to punish you. If I didn't love you I would just leave you.
But I do love you. I have to punish you so that you do as you're told."
Anne looked confused. "I'll be good Mistress I will. I promise. Please don't
hurt me."
Susie looked stern. "You keep promising but then you're bad. I think a
whipping is the only way to teach that stupid little brain of yours. All you
think about is your pussy and tits so that's what we have to punish."
And with that Susie whipped the crop down right on Anne's clit and pussy.
Anne's world exploded in the most intense pain she had ever felt.
"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH

OOOOHHHHHHH MMMMMMMYYYYYYYYYYY
GGGGGOOOOOOOODDDDDD OH IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS"
Anne screamed. "PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE STOP. I'll do anything
Mistress - please please plea-"
Susie whipped down again
"AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGH
HHHHHHHHHHH OH NO NO NO NO. PLEASE DEAR GOD HELP ME.
PLEASE HELP ME. OH DEA-"
And the crop smashed down again
"NNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OH DEAR GOD
HELP ME. PLEASE HELP ME MISTRESS PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
HELP ME. PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING. ANYTHING."
"You have to beg for the whip" Susie said and slashed the crop into Anne's
pussy and clit again. "AAAARRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH
OOOOHHHHHHHHHH IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS. I'll do it, I'll
do it. You can whip me." Anne screamed.
"That's not begging" Susie and started to slash again "No don't I'll be-
AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHH OH GOD OH GOD
OH GOD. Please don't - Oh God" Anne sobbed, her body wracked in pain.
"Please punish me. Please whip me, please please please. Just don't whip
me anymore. Please dear god Mistress." Anne didn't even realize she made
no sense.
Susie stopped and crouched down next to Anne. She started stroking
Anne's tear streaked face. "Do you really want me to whip your tits dear
Anne?" Susie asked.
"Oh yes, oh yes, please whip my tits. Please punish me. I'm sorry I was
bad. I'm so sorry. I won't be bad again. Please please please stop." Anne
begged with a look of utter desperation on her face.
"Ok my little pussy slave" Susie said and released Anne's bonds. Anne laid
there sobbing into her hands over the pain she had just been through. Susie
stood and slashed the crop into Anne's pussy again.
"AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHH
HHHHHHHHHH OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD IT HURTS OH
GOD IT HURTS" Anne screamed. "Why did you hit me" Anne sobbed to
Susie.
"On your knees and begging for your punishment or we go back to your
pussy" Susie stated.
A look of horror crossed Anne's face. She scrambled to her knees "please
punish me Mistress" she whispered.
"Hands behind your head" Susie ordered and watched Anne throw her
hands behind her head. God she looked so beautiful like that, tits thrust out
for their punishment, her body shaking in pain, tears running down her
face to drop on those giant breasts and then to drip to the floor.
Susie slashed the crop down onto the top of Anne's right breast.
"OOOOHHHHHH MMMYYYYY GGGOOOODDDDD" Anne said
clutching her breasts with her hands and falling to the floor.
"That one doesn't count" Susie said pushing at Anne with her toe.
Anne looked up at Anne bewildered. "Wha-what?" she sobbed
"You have to hold the position my darling. If you drop your arms it doesn't
count" Susie explained.
"Wha- I can't do that. I can't" Anne pleaded. "Please Mistress, please dear
god it hurts."
"Do we have to go back to your pussy" Susie asked in a quiet tone.
"No no, I'm sorry no. I'll be good" Anne said scrambling back to her
knees. Anne then raised her shaking hands to behind her head.
Susie slashed the crop down on the top of Anne's left breast.
"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH
HHHH OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH
GGGOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD IT HURTS" Anne screamed
leaning forward. Her hands slipped a little but stayed close to her head.
"That's a good girl" Susie said approvingly. "Mistress is proud of her little
pussy slave. You are being so brave for Mistress."
Anne straightened up at that, just in time for the next slash against the
bottom of her left tit. "OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH
GGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD IT HURTS
MISTRESS. OH PLEASE DEAR GOD IT HURTS" Anne screamed. But
her hands held on her head.
Susie slammed the crop down 3 more times, each time causing wails of
agony from Anne. But her hands held. God look at the little slut kneeling
there and allowing Susie to whip her tits. Enough of this and Anne would
allow Susie to do anything to her.
Susie dropped down next to Anne. "For the next 5, would you like to play
with your clit while I whip you. That way it won't hurt as much.
Anne looked up at Susie with uncertainty in her face. This all hurt so
much. How could she play with her clit. But she had to be good. Mistress
would punish her if she was bad. Did Mistress want her to play with her
clit.
"Ye-yes Mistress" Anne said dropping her hands to her clit. She started
rubbing her clit, concentrating on the feeling there to ignore the pain in her
tits. Oh god, her clit hurt from the whip strokes. But if she stroked it real
lightly it felt good, oh god yes, it felt good.
"Do you want me to whip you" Susie asked Anne.
Anne looked up. No she di- oh wait. She had to ask. She had to or Mistress
would whip her clit again. Oh god she couldn't take that. "Pl-please whip
my tits Mistress" Anne whimpered.
"Ok whore, stick those udders out so I can whip them better."
Anne pressed her chest out and tried to close the thought of the whip from
her mind. Her clit, her clit felt so good. Yes, rub it. The feelings were
starting. That's it. Now sta-
"AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH
HH OOOOHHHHHHHH
GGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD IT HURTS" Anne
screamed. "OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD."
"Hands on your clit whore" Susie reminded her. "And chest out for the
whip. And ask for it, beg me to whip you. Because if I don't believe you we
go back to your pussy."
Oh god not that. Anne pushed her chest out and begged as though her life
was at stake. "Please whip my tits, please whip me Mistress. I was bad so
please whip your slave. Please whi-
AAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH OH GOD IT
HURTS PLEASE WHIP ME PLEASE WHIP -
AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH
HHH OH FUCK OH GOD WHIP ME WHIP YOUR BAD SLUT WHIP
ME MISTRES-
AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH
HHHHH"
And so it went with Anne screaming in pain and begging for the whip.
And during all of this Anne was rubbing her clit harder and harder
building up the orgasm that was fighting the pain in her body. Until
finally, as the last whip stroke fell, Anne screamed in pain and release as
the orgasm broke over her body.
Anne fell backward and jerked on the floor. Her body was overloaded from
the mixture of greater pain than she had ever felt before mixed in with a
strong orgasm. And her mind was shot. She had just kneeled there and
begged for the whip. And held her tits out for it. She had accepted
Mistress' right to whip her tits and had not resisted it in any way.
Susie reached down with the piercing gun and pierced the inner nose ridge,
inserting a 1" diameter ring that hung down to her lower lip. "There see,
that didn't hurt so much did it my little slut?" Susie asked.
Anne stared up into space. With all that she had been through she barely
felt the piercing and was not really aware of her new ring. Anne just laid
there as the pain and climax aftershocks ran through her body.
Susie pulled Anne up and walked her into bed. She laid her down in the
bed and clipped her wrist and ankle bracelets to the corners of the bed
holding her spread-eagled on the bed. She placed her walkman on her and
then spent the next hour licking her to orgasm after orgasm.
Anne's mind was lost. How could it not be. She had held out her tits and
begged her Mistress to whip them. And when she was delirious with the
pain from the whipping, she had continued to hold them out, screaming for
more whipping between the screams of pain. One of the most basic human
instincts was self protection. And Anne had suppressed that most basic
instinct. She had pleaded for Mistress to violate her own instinct for self-
protection.
And then while asking for the whip, she had made herself cum. She had
cum while being whipped.  Her mind could not fathom the utter
perverseness of that action. There was no explanation for it. And with no
way to explain her actions to herself, Anne's mind refused to function. For
how can a mind function when some of its most basic assumptions are
shown to be invalid.
So Anne laid there while Susie licked her pussy. And Anne's body and
mind took refuge in the wondrous feelings emanating from her clit as a
refuge from a world turned upside down. The orgasms felt so good. The
orgasms were good. They were right.
And as Anne rode cum after cum, in her ears was Mistress' voice "you
belong to your Mistress. You're my sex slave. You love Mistress. Mistress
will take care of you. You must obey Mistress. You cannot decide yourself.
You need to have Mistress decide for you. Its too hard for you to decide.
You're too stupid to think about anything. But Mistress loves you. She'll
take care of her stupid little cum slut. Just do whatever Mistress tells you."
After an hour, Susie left a vibrator in Anne's pussy, one in her ass, and a
butterfly on her clit. All 3 were plugged into the wall so they wouldn't
stop. Susie then pulled the sheet up over Anne's body to cover her for the
night.
Anne fell into a deep sleep for the next 12 hours. During it all the vibrators
were taking her to cum after cum. And the tape was droning in her ears
explaining to her her role in life. And Anne's mind desperately tried to
pull itself back together, in a way that could handle the whipping, the
instructions, the constant orgasms.

Meanwhile Susie got herself ready for Fred (Anne's dad). She needed him
totally in her control so he wouldn't interfere with anything she did to
Anne. Anne was his daughter and she needed something that was stronger
than his natural urge to protect his child.
Fred sped home. Susie would be there and his wife was out of town. He
would send them to bed early and then Susie would sneak out as soon as
Anne was asleep. He knew getting home early wouldn't get him Susie any
sooner but he couldn't help himself. The image of her sexy young body had
been his only thought for the last couple of days.
Fred walked in the door and almost had a heart attack. There was Susie
dressed up as a little school girl. Her hair in pigtails, wearing a white
blouse, pleated skirt, white socks, and shoes. But oh boy how she was
wearing them. The blouse was tight across her chest with her small breasts
pushing out against it. And it was so thin that you could see through it.
And the skirt was unbuttoned up the front and the sides pulled back so you
could see Susie's pussy.
Fred stopped in shock. This was more than he had ever imagined. She
looked so hot standing there. And then Susie reached down and rubbed her
pussy with one hand and squeezed her tit with the other. "Gee Mr. Smith, I
didn't expect you home this early" Susie said in a little girl voice.
"What about Anne" Fred said in shock.
"She's asleep for the night. Its just you and me. Unless you'd rather not
spend any time with me" Susie replied with a little pout.
Fred rushed toward Susie pulling his pants off on the way across. He was
rock hard by the time he reached her plunging his cock deep into her little
pussy.
"Do you like sticking your thing in innocent little 15 year old schoolgirls?"
Susie asked in her little girl voice. "Does it feel good? Do I feel old enough
for you. Are my little girl tits too small for you? Is my little hairless pussy
too tight? Look at me Mr. Smith, I'm not a grown woman. I'm just a little
girl you're fucking. Do you like it?"
Fred was going nuts listening to Susie. God he had never been so excited
in his life. He looked at her nubile little body, just barely becoming a
woman. God she was so young. Younger than his own daughter. This was
so obscene. And it felt so good to plunge his cock into her tight little hole.
"Your not going to think I'm a whore are you Mr. Smith" Susie asked
sounding both petulant and worried. "I'm a good girl. I would never do
this with another boy. But you're a grown up. A good girl obeys grown-
ups. So I have to do whatever you tell me to do. But that doesn't make me
a slut does it Mr. Smith? Doesn't that make me a good girl?"
"Yes you're a good girl" Fred reassured Susie. "This is right. You should
do what grown-ups tell you to do. OH GOD FUCK FUCK FUCK" Fred
screamed as he came. Oh god that was incredible.
And then as he came down from his climax the realization of what he had
done hit him. MY GOD, he had just fucked this innocent little 15 year old
girl. Oh god, he couldn't do this. And suddenly he looked down as he felt
something on his cock. She was down there sucking his cock. Oh god no,
this had to stop. He had to - oh god that felt good. oh god, she was getting
him hard again already.
And Fred came again, pumping his cum into Susie's mouth. God damn, he
felt like he was 18 years old again. FUCK - Claire hadn't fucked him like
this in over 20 years. Fuck the world, this felt too good. Then he noticed
Susie dribbling the cum from her mouth into a cup. "What's that for" he
asked.
"I'll tell you later" she replied. "Why don't we get naked and go to bed?
Unless you had something else in mind."
"No, nothing else" Fred panted.
And so they fucked and fucked into the evening. And in the middle of the
night they fucked again. And in the morning they fucked some more. And
each time Susie put Fred's cum into the cup she had, until it was quite full.
Finally it was time to wake Anne. Susie put the next part of her plan into
action as Fred was pumping away on top of her. "Mr. Smith, you know
what I do with your daughter when I sleep over? We eat each other's
pussies."
Fred froze. WHAT DID SHE SAY. "What?"
Susie grabbed him and humped back at him. "We eat each other's pussies.
We bury our faces in each others cunts and lick each other to orgasm."
"No no no" Fred cried in anguish.
Susie kept fucking him and talking. "Think about it. Think about my face
buried in another woman's cunt. Don't you like the idea of watching
another woman eat my pussy. Think of a woman's face buried in my little
15 year old pussy."
"You can stop me Mr. Smith" Susie continued. "Just tell me to stop and I
will never have sex with Anne again. But I won't have sex with you either.
I can't because I won't be able to come over here anymore." And Susie
reached down and caressed Fred's cock and balls.
Fred found himself pumping Susie's pussy thinking about it. Oh god this
was so sick. But he couldn't give Susie up. He just had to have her. It was
wrong to let Susie and Anne sleep together. But he couldn't resist the
sweet little body under him.
And as he prepared to cum Susie told him what the cum was for. "Every
time we fuck, I have Anne eat the cum out of my pussy. And then I rub it
in her pussy. I'm going to take this cum and rub it all over Anne's face and
pussy. She's going to wear her daddy's cum all day.
Fred freaked as he came. Oh god this was so sick. He couldn't do this. He
couldn't. But it felt so good. Oh god her pussy was so sweet. He would
have to stop Susie and Anne but keep Susie here. Somehow he could make
it work.
As Susie climbed out from under Fred and stood to let the cum drip into
the cup. Fred stared at her in shock. "Don't fight it Mr. Smith" Susie said
in her little girl voice. "If you do, then I can't save you. If somehow the
police get involved it doesn't matter what I say - its till rape because I'm
only 15. Please don't do anything. I want to keep feeling that marvelous
cock of yours up my little 15 year old cunt hole."
Fred was frozen. What could he do. She was right. If any of this got out, he
was ruined. Not just his reputation either. He would go to jail. There had to
be a way. But he would have to think about it before he did anything. God
she looked so sexy there, standing bow-legged with his cum dripping out of
her pussy.
"I'm going to go rub this cum all over your daughter now" Susie said
sweetly. "When you see her later that will be your cum coating her face and
pussy. But if you're good about it, I'll sneak away from her this afternoon
and we can fuck again. And don't say anything about it to her - she thinks
I haven't told you about her and me."

Susie went in to wake up Anne. She was asleep shuddering through what
seemed like a constant small orgasm. Susie switched off the vibrators and
removed them. She then removed the headphones and turned off the
walkman. Anne continued to twitch and moan.
Susie unclipped her bracelets and stroked her hair while softly talking to
her. "Wake up little slut. Wake up my love. Wake up my precious pussy
slave."
Anne blinked her eyes looking up at Susie. It was her Mistress. She had
dreamed about her all night. Her Mistress would take care of her. Her
Mistress would tell her what to do. And if she obeyed her Mistress nothing
would hurt her. Her Mistress was so good to her. She loved her Mistress so
much.
Susie saw Anne looking up at her with adoring eyes. She continued to
stroke her face. "I love you my little slut" Susie said. "I love you so much.
And I'll take care of you my little pussy eating slave. I'll tell you what to
do so you don't get hurt anymore."
Anne cried in relief and reached for Susie. "Oh thank you Mistress. Oh
thank you so much. I'm sorry I'm so stupid. But I love you. I'll make you
happy." And Anne grabbed and held Susie in thanks for this wonderful
woman who would take care of her.
Susie and Anne went to the bathroom and showered (with both peeing on
Anne's hands). They dried off, and then fixed their hair and makeup. Susie
went for a restrained, innocent look to captivate Fred. But Anne's hair and
face were made up with a subtle sensuous look. Nothing too blatant. But it
was there.
Susie then went and grabbed the cup of Fred's sperm. "Do you know what
this is little one?" she asked Anne.
Anne nodded her head no with a blank look on her face.
"Its a special lotion I want you to put on your face and tits and pussy. Its
your daddy's sperm. I collected it last night while fucking him."
Anne's face showed her shock. "I ca-can't do that Mistress. it's wrong. I
can't ru- I just can't" Anne sobbed looking up at Susie fearfully.
Susie looked down at Anne with sorrow on her face. "I'm trying to help
you my little whore. But you keep trying to think for yourself. I can't help
you if you make wrong decisions."
A look of utter fear crossed Anne's face. "I'm sorry Mistress. I'm sorry. I'll
do it. I'll do anything you tell me to do. Please, please don't punish me"
Anne begged.
"Poor poor pussy slave. I don't have a choice. I have to punish you. You
told me no. You have to learn that your stupid little mind shouldn't be
making decisions. You're a fuck toy. You're here to fuck, not to think."
Anne shuddered as she heard this. How could she have done this. How
could she have told Mistress no. She needed Mistress to take care of her.
She was too stupid to think for herself.
"I don't want to do this my little slut" Susie said, "but I have to. I have to
punish you. But I'll make it easy. When I come back in here, if you are
bent over that chair playing with your pussy, AND you beg me to whip
your ass as hard as I can, I'll only give you 6 strokes."
"Thank you Mistress, thank you so much" Anne said as she scrambled over
to the chair. Her Mistress was being so good to her, letting her off with
only 6 strokes on her ass. She was so lucky to have such a kind Mistress.
Susie came back in and saw her little sex slave bent over the chair playing
with her pussy. God she looked so nice like that, with her giant cow udders
hanging over the other side and her bare slit peeking through between her
legs.
"Please whip my ass Mistress. I've been bad and I need to be punished.
Please whip me for telling you no. I won't do it again Mistress" Anne
begged. And as she begged, her fingers brought her to a cum.
Susie whipped the crop down on Anne's ass as she came.
"OH GOD thank you Mistress. Thank you" Anne shouted with tears
streaming from her eyes. The cum and the pain were some kind of release
and Anne shuddered with joy as she felt the two feelings shoot through her
nerves mixing together until they became a single pleasure coursing
through her body.
Anne continued to frig her clit and begging for another whip on her ass.
Susie waited until Anne started to cum and slashed down again. And so it
went for all 6 times, mixing the cum with the pain, until Anne was no
longer sure which was which. And she no longer knew which felt good and
which caused pain.
After it was over Susie helped Anne stand up and then handed her the cup.
"Spread it on my pretty little slut. Spread your daddy's cum all over your
face."
Anne looked down at the cup, shuddered, and then scooped some up and
tentatively dabbed it on a cheek.
"Not like that. That's how a little girl would do it. A whore puts it all over
her face. Spread it everywhere. Close your eyes and get it on your eyelids.
Your a fuck toy - cover yourself" Susie directed.
And Anne complied. She spread it all over her face. Then, following
Susie's directions she spread it all over her giant breasts, her stomach, her
pussy, and her ass. Susie even had her push the rest up her pussy so she
had some dribbling from her pussy, as though her daddy had fucked her.
Susie then made her lick the cup clean.
After it all dried Susie had Anne put on a T-shirt that was too short to fully
cover her. Part of her ass showed in back and, if someone was sitting while
Anne was standing, they could see her pussy. The only other thing she
wore was her 7" sandals.
"See how pretty you look" Susie asked as she showed Anne herself in the
mirror. "See the dried cum on your face? That shows that you're a cum
receptacle. And see the back of the shirt showing your ass? That shows
your are a whore. And see the front where you can peek at your pussy?
That shows that you are my little pussy slave. Aren't you beautiful?"
Anne stared at herself. What was this obscene creature in the mirror?
WHAT WAS THAT RING IN HER NOSE? Was this her? Anne looked
and realized the depths of her degradation. She was Mistress' little fuck
toy. She was a sex slave. And anyone who looked at her would know it.
And as Anne saw herself, an orgasm built up through her and she came.
She came thinking of what a dirty little whore she was. "Thank you
Mistress" was all she said.
Susie led Anne out by the ring in her nose to have breakfast with her
father.




Chapter 17 - The First Day

Fred freaked when he first saw Anne. What had she done to her hair. God
she looked like a complete slut. And her nose, she had a ring in her nose.
This had to stop. He couldn't allow this. Then he noticed the sheen on her
face. OH MY GOD - she did have his cum spread all over her face. Still,
he had to try.
"What is this" Fred asked. "That hair color makes her look like a common
street whore. And what's with the ring. That has to be removed - its just
too disgusting. I won't have it. I won't."
Anne stopped confused and ashamed. Her father said she looked like a
whore. He needed to help her. WAIT - maybe her father could save her.
Maybe her father would stop all of this. Anne looked up hopefully.
Susie walked over to Fred. He was on the other side of the kitchen counter
so Anne couldn't see below his chest. "Don't you like it Mr. Smith" Susie
asked in her little girl voice. "Its what Anne wants. Its how she should
look. Don't you think so? Don't you think it fits her perfectly?" And with
that Susie reached down and stroked Fred's prick through his pants.
"No-no I do-d" Fred said and then was speechless. The little vixen was
rubbing his cock right here in front of his daughter. She couldn't see it but
she must suspect. He couldn't allow this. But he found his arms unable to
move.
Susie then unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. She moved behind
Fred so she could talk to him and give him a hand job while making him
face Anne. "Isn't she beautiful Mr. Smith? Doesn't the hair match her
body so well? And doesn't the ring in her nose fit her personality?"
"No-no-I-I-" Fred stammered.
Anne's hopes lit up. Her daddy was going to save her. Yes, finally the long
nightmare would be over.
Susie whispered in Fred's ear. "I'm going to blow you. I'm going to suck
your big cock in my little 15 year old mouth. But I won't let you cum until
you tell Anne that you think her hair and ring are perfect. Its what she
wants and you need to be a good daddy and support her." And with that
Susie dropped down to the floor out of Anne's sight and started to suck on
Fred's cock.
"No no please" Fred pleaded. "Oh god no no." Anne was looking at him
and she must know what Susie was doing. Oh god, his daughter was
watching him get a blow-job from her 15 year old friend. This couldn't be
happening. Oh god he was going to cum, he was - OH NO she stopped.
Why was she stopping. He had to cum. Oh yes, he had to tell Anne. "Your
hair is beautiful princess and so is the nose ring. They look perfect on
you." And as he said those words Susie sucked his entire cock into her
mouth causing him to cum. "Oh yes, oh yes" he grunted. Oh god Anne was
staring at him. He had to cover up. "Oh god yes your hair looks so nice on
you. Yes that ring is perfect."
Anne was devastated. Her daddy wasn't going to rescue her. Here he was
pumping his cum down Susie's throat and telling her that her hair and
nose ring were fine. There was no one to save her. And with that
realization, the last bit of fight went out of Anne.
After sucking Fred off, Susie went over to Anne and gave her a big kiss
giving her a load of cum at the same time. Fred stared mortified that Susie
was giving Anne some of his cum right there in front of him. And Anne
wanted to die as her daddy saw her eat his cum. She was so filthy.
Susie spent the morning getting Anne and Fred used to the new situation.
Susie instructed Anne how to sit so that her legs were spread, giving Fred a
perfect view of her pussy. Susie stood behind the counter and pushed Anne
down to eat her pussy, smiling at Fred the entire time as he realized his
daughter's mouth was plastered in Susie's pussy.
Then Susie had Anne stand up and talk to her dad while she dropped down
and ate her. Both knew that the other knew what was happening, but both
pretended that they didn't. They couldn't handle actually talking about it.
One time while Fred was talking to Anne, Susie grabbed Fred and pulled
him into his bedroom and fucked his brains out, making a ton of noise in
the process. They then walked out together and Susie dropped Fred's hand
and pulled Anne into their room where she had Anne drink all of Fred's
cum out of her pussy.
Another time, while Anne was sitting near Fred, Susie grabbed Anne and
pulled her into their room and the two of the 69'ed for an hour with both
making a lot of noise. When they came out, Susie gave Fred a big kiss,
giving him a taste of Anne's pussy juice all over her face.

Susie then sat Anne down and explained her new rules. She was to never
tell Susie no about anything. She was to ask Susie before she did anything.
She was always to refer to herself in third person. When only Susie or
people who knew her situation, like her father were around, she was to call
herself slut or whore or slave. When others were around she was to call
herself Anne.
From now on she should always use her whimpering voice, the one that
sounded like she would start crying any second. She was no longer allowed
to read unless told to or to voice an opinion or to even think if possible.
And she had to cum as much as possible every day. Her every waking
moment now revolved around sex. Satisfying others and satisfying herself.
She was to dress as obscenely as possible. Her normal method of sitting
would be with her legs up on the arms of a chair so her pussy was wide-
spread for everyone to see. Her blouses should be plunging or transparent.
And anytime she forgot any of these rules she would be whipped.
Fred listened to Susie explain all of this to Anne. And he saw Anne sitting
there with her legs spread showing him her pussy. But he couldn't do
anything about it. Susie had threatened to fuck him right there in front of
Anne if he did. So Fred sat and read the paper and pretended he didn't
hear anything and pretended he didn't see his daughter's pussy.
Susie then had Anne put on a fashion show modeling all of her clothes for
Susie and her dad, to see which ones she could keep. Susie sat next to Fred
with a pair of scissors ready to adjust some articles from unacceptable to
acceptable.
For each outfit Anne would have to come out and ask her father "Does this
look ok on Mistress's slut?" Fred would look to Susie who would shake her
head yes or no and then tell Anne to keep it or not. Or Susie would crook
her finger and Anne would walk over for Susie to adjust it.
All the skirts had their hem raised to the level of Anne's ass in back and
the bottom of her pussy in front. This wasn't barely legal, this was flat-out
obscene. No one can walk perfectly and the slightest movement by Anne
would give everyone a glimpse of her ass or cunt.
Her T-shirts were all cut so they barely covered the bottom of her aeroles.
All of the lower part of her massive tit meat was there for anyone to see.
Her blouses had buttons removed or arm holes enlarged or were just
thrown out.
Her jeans were all turned into cut-offs. But they had so little material in the
crotch that Anne's pussy lips pushed out on each side of the tiny piece of
fabric left. Any tight pants were thrown out. Any loose ones that could
have a hidden slit sewn into the crotch were kept.
The nice dresses were the most difficult. Anne had to have clothes for
school and church and visiting relatives and friends. She couldn't
disappear from society. So they were adjusted with slits put in the dresses
front and rear up to Anne's waist. But the folds in the dress didn't make
the slit apparent.
And the tops were layered and slit so that her breasts were easily accessible
too. The dresses didn't normally show anything. But sliding your hands the
right way meant your could easily caress Anne's pussy, breasts, or ass.
And finally Susie went to work on the bathing suits. The tops barely
covered Anne's nipples showing most of her tits. The bottoms were cut to
plunge down to the beginning of her pussy crack. And they were so thin
that Anne's pussy lips would pop out of the sides if she wasn't careful.
Toward the end, Anne came out one time and Susie was bouncing on her
father's lap. Susie's long skirt hid the action, but there was her father
fucking Susie right in front of her as she asked him for approval of each
outfit. And her father was telling her if the clothes were slutty enough.
Then she came out and Susie was standing up as Fred was zipping up her
pants. Susie pulled Anne up so she was standing in front of Susie. Susie
had her back to Fred so that Susie's body was blocking Fred's view of his
daughter.
"What do you think Mr. Smith" Susie asked. "I think we need to see her
kneeling in this one to know for sure. Can you ask her to kneel?"
Anne looked confused.
"Kneel Anne so we can see how this dress looks when you're on your
knees" Fred told her.
Anne kneeled down. OH MY GOD, Susie was lifting the front of her skirt.
SHE COULDN'T. NOT RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER FATHER. Then
Susie dropped the skirt over Anne's body hiding her under her skirt and
pushed her head into her pussy.
"I don't know" Susie said. "I think I need to see her like that a little longer.

Can you ask her to keep kneeling Fred?"
Fred swallowed. His daughter was eating Susie right there. "A-Anne, can
you please keep kneeling f-f-for a bit."
Anne shuddered in shame. Her daddy was telling her to stay there and eat
his cum out of Susie's pussy. He knew she was a dirty little lesbo tramp
who would eat it all down. And so she sucked and sucked eating all the
cum and bringing Susie to a nice climax.
After she was done, Susie had Anne give her father a thank you kiss for all
his help. A thank you kiss covered with Susie's pussy juices. Anne wanted
to die.
Susie then had Anne sit in a chair with two vibrators and get herself off for
the rest of the afternoon. The chair was turned so Anne's father couldn't
see her. But he could hear the vibrators. And he could hear Anne each time
she came.
Anne lost herself in the world of sex, riding cum after cum after cum,
ignoring the fact that her father was 10 feet away listening to each climax.
It felt so good to escape from everything and just enjoy the feelings
coursing through her body.

When it was close to dinnertime, Susie called Anne to feed the dog. Anne
went and got the dogfood and opened the can. But as she was about to
empty the can into Rover's dish Susie stopped her.
"You need to feed Rover the same way we do on Saturday's now" Susie
stated.
Anne started to object and then slumped in defeat. What difference did it
make anymore. "ok" she whimpered and started to walk off.
"Where are you going" Susie demanded.
"Slut is going to put on her bathing suit" Anne whimpered.
"We don't need that. Just strip."
Anne looked down and started to pull her T-shirt off. There she was, naked
in her house, with her father staring at her large breasts.
Susie walked up and handed her a bowl with the dogfood in it. "Spread it
on fuck-toy."
Anne reached in and grabbed some dogfood and spread the meat over her
stomach. She continued to spread it everywhere until she had dogfood over
every inch of her body from her neck to her feet. Anne stood there shaking
in shame at the image of what she must look like.
"Get down on your hands and knees."
"Yes Mistress" Anne whimpered and dropped down. As Rover started to
lick her, tears fell from Anne's eyes. She was letting her dog lick her body
for his dinner. And she hadn't even tried to resist. She was letting her dog
lick her naked tits and ass and pussy. This was so disgusting.
Anne's father walked up. "What in the hell is going on."
"This is how Anne feeds Rover. She likes it when he licks the food off of
her body - don't you fuck-toy" Susie demanded.
"Slave likes to feed Rover this way daddy" Anne sobbed.
"Tell him what you're feeling. Tell us how it gets you off. TELL US" Susie
demanded.
"Slut likes feeling Rover's tongue on her body" Anne stammered, tears
streaming from her face. "Rover makes slut hot. Rover's tongue is getting
slut off" Anne sobbed.
And Fred could only stare at the erotic sight of his daughter being licked
all over by Rover. And Enjoying the hand job Susie gave him as he
watched. He finally spurted all over the kitchen wall.
"Don't worry, I'll get Anne to clean it up" Susie said.
Fred knew quite well how she would have Anne clean it up.
And Anne dropped her head and sobbed as Rover walked off after having
licked the food from every part of her naked body. She had almost cum as
Rover licked the food from her pussy and that was a possibility too awful to
bear.

After dinner Susie and Anne showered and dressed to go out. Susie made
up Anne's hair and make-up giving her a total slut look. The dress she
gave Anne was a special present Paul had lent her. It was a black sheath
dress that went from her neck down to 2" below her ass. But it clung to
every curve. And the top was completely transparent. Here tits were on full
display to anyone who looked at them.
The bottom was only partially transparent. But that was little help. Because
while the back and sides covered her ass, the front was scooped up from
below so that the hem was actually above her clit. Her entire pussy was on
display.
The stockings came up to mid-thigh and then were held up by garter belts
attached to the hem of the dress. Topping it off were black lace gloves and
7" high heel shoes. Anne was a walking fuck-me sign, a walking invitation
to sex.
Susie wore a sheath dress too. But while hers was definitely sexy, it
shouted class rather than whore. And she applied make-up so she looked
older than her 15 years. And then she turned Anne to look at herself in the
mirror.
"See the pretty whore. You are such a beautiful little fuck toy" Susie told
her. "I bet all the men are going to want to dump their cum in your slutty
little body. You'd like that wouldn't you."
"Yes Mistress, slut would like that" Anne replied getting disgusted and hot
at the thought of all those men using her. "Slut would like all those men
dumping their cum in her mouth and cunt and ass."
"Can my little slave come for me" Susie asked as she rubbed a little
vibrator on Anne's clit.
Anne climaxed almost instantly.
The doorbell rang and they went out to meet their date. It was Paul. Anne
froze in shock at seeing him again.




Chapter 18 - Spring Break

The rest of the spring break was a blur for Anne. Paul and Susie fitted her
with a remote control dog shock collar. This collar was used anytime Anne
got out of line.
Next they didn't let Anne sleep. Not for the entire week. At first Paul had
to use the shock collar to keep Anne awake. But after 2 days her body took
over and Anne responded to everything on automatic pilot in a half-awake
trance.
And in that state they completed her indoctrination.
Rule 1 was that Anne had to dress and position herself as sluttily as
possible for any situation. At home she would lie back with her legs spread
wide. And of course Anne never wore any clothes in private.
But even in public she was made to dress like a complete slut. When a
group of kids goes through the mall you can't really see the one in the
middle. So Anne found herself Sunday at the mall wearing a shirt, garter
belt, stockings, and heels. But nothing covering her ass or pussy. And a
shudder would run through her body as she was among normal people
totally exposed.
Each day it got more extreme. On Monday they went to the public pool and
out in the pool, in the middle of all her friends, her bikini was stripped off
and she had to give all the boys hand jobs while parents and their children
splashed all around them.
Tuesday they went to the movies and Anne spent the entire movie stripped
naked crawling around on the floor sucking cocks and licking pussies. And
everyone would dump their drinks or popcorn on Anne when she finished
coating her with food. At the end she rolled around on the floor before
leaving - a disgusting sticky mess.
Wednesday the bound her up. Wrapping her big fat melons with
clothesline so they were popping out more than usual. Around her waist
went a steel ribbed corset forcing her into an even more hourglass shape.
Giant vibrators were stuffed up her pussy and ass and tied in. And weights
were hung from her nipple and cunt rings.
A tight knit dress was then put on where the ropes and weights on her
breast were obvious under the dress. And the weights on her cunt lips hung
down below the hem of the dress. They then put bracelets on her wrists and
clipped them together behind her back essentially handcuffing her. The
same was done to her ankles with a very thin short chain so she could only
take short steps. Finally, contacts were put in her eyes so that Anne's
vision was totally out of focus. If something was more then 6" away she
basically couldn't see it.
Anne spent the entire day in public, totally bound and helpless. Forced to
take small steps. Forced to her knees constantly to suck a cock or eat a
pussy. And through it all constantly - the voices of others around her. So
that Anne found it "normal" to be bound and sucking cock in public.
Thursday they went out to dinner at a fancy restaurant. Anne wore a sheath
sequined dress that her breasts were constantly trying to spill out of. And
while it was floor length, it was slit up the front past her clit so if you were

watching at just the right time, you could see her pussy.
Once they arrived at dinner Anne was pushed under the table and had to
strip. She then spent the entire meal going from person to person servicing
them while all around she could hear the sounds of people enjoying
themselves at an elegant dinner.
Rule 2 was that Anne had to masturbating herself whenever she wasn't
using her hands on someone else. At first Anne had to be shocked to
reminder her of this rule. But after a couple of shocks she lost any will to
resist. After all, getting off in the middle of the mall was a lot less painful
than a shock collar on the neck.
And there were no exceptions to the rule. When people could see her she
had to hold her hands in front of herself as though they were just resting on
the front of her skirt. But if a finger wasn't working her clit - WHAM the
collar would reminder her.
And so Anne found herself getting herself off as she talked to people, went
swimming, sat down, rode in the car, or ate lunch at McDonalds. And as
she masturbated herself in the most normal of circumstances, it became
normal to her to masturbate anywhere.
And the longer it went on, the harder it became to cum. After 2 days of
non-stop masturbating and cumming it was taking Anne over an hour of
playing with her clit to cum. Anne found herself using her fingers in her
pussy, and then her ass too. Because variation was the only way to make it
work.
There is nothing quite as hungry as the eyes of a woman who desperately
needs to cum and knows that no matter how hard she tries, it will take her
at least another hour before she does. And that knowledge makes her even
more desperate.
And so Anne generally had a look of wanton desperation on her face as she
played with herself. And all she was thinking of most of this time was how
badly she wanted to cum. And Paul and Susie could ger her to do almost
anything to be allowed to cum.
Toward the end of the week Paul got his doctor friend to inject a painkiller
into Anne's clit. So for the next 8 hours there was no way Anne could rub
her clit to get off. By the end of that period Anne was fisting her pussy and
ass desperate for some stimulation strong enough to get her off.
There she would be lying on the floor whimpering and grunting as she
slammed one fist into her pussy and another into her ass mumbling "please
please get slut off - slut needs to cum so bad."
Rule 3 was that she could no longer refer to herself as Anne, I, or me. She
was "slut." And every time she forgot she got a shock. By Tuesday she had
learned her lesson. And with the combination of the sleep deprivation, it
became automatic. Her mind became separate from her body and she
referred to the dirty little slut she saw desperate for her next cum.
At the same time she wore headphones most of the time with a tape that
was constantly talking to her, telling her "you are a slut. You need to suck
cocks. Cocks are the best thing in the whole world. Cocks and pussy -
that's all that matters. A cock up your pussy would feel so good. It would
be so nice to bury your face in a pussy and lick all the juices."
And it also taught her her place in life. "Paul & Susie are your masters.
You need to make them happy. Their happiness is all that matters. You
need to give them everything they ask for. You are a slut and your purpose
is to serve others. You can only be happy if you are serving others. You
should offer yourself to everyone else."
Rule 4 was that she should offer herself sexually to everyone she met. At
first the practiced at the house where everytime someone would come over
Anne would crawl up, her breasts swaying under her, weights attached to
her nipple and cunt rings, and she would pull down the zipper of the guy
entering the house and suck their cock. Or if it was a girl she would lift
their dress and lick their pussy and clit. And when they had cum she would
thank them.
They then trained her in public to, when introduced to someone, to walk up
and put her right hand on their cock or pussy and use her left hand to pull
their hand up under her dress to her pussy. Anne resisted at first but a
couple of jolts with the collar and she relented. After all, what was so
terrible about meeting someone that way.
Paul & Susie were very careful to make sure that everyone Anne was
introduced to was someone in on the project. And that it always happened
where at least a little groping was safe. So that Anne learned not that you
usually introduced yourself this way but that you always did.
Over the week Susie worked on getting Anne together with her father.
Anne still looked to her father with hopeful eyes at times. And twice had
even started to ask him to help her. And Fred was definitely still feeling
major guilt about letting his daughter being turned into a total slut.
So the next time Susie fucked Fred, she then called Anne in and had her
suck the cum out of her pussy while Fred watched. Later that day she blew
Fred and when he got close to cumming, called Anne over and had her
kneel next to her. After Susie got the mouthful of cum she turned to Anne
and frenched kissed her feeding her the mouthful of cum.
The next day while Susie and Fred were fucking Susie had Anne come in
and lie next to them and masturbate so they all came together. Both Fred
and Anne stared away from each other totally mortified to be lying next to
each other and cumming.
Later that day Susie blew Fred again and had Anne kneeling there next to
her but just as Fred came, she pointed his prick at Anne's face so the cum
shot directly onto Anne's face. Anne flinched as though each shot of sperm
was boiling hot. And after Fred got up and left Anne still knelt there is a
state of shock although not forgetting to keep masturbating, shortly
thereafter cumming with her father's cum and her own tears dripping off
of her face.
The next day Susie jacked Fred off repeatedly keeping his dick aimed at his
daughter's face the entire time telling him "look at the little cum hungry
slut down there. Look at her eagerly waiting for your cum. Do you know
she gets off on this. Look at the little whore play with herself all hot at the
thought of your cum. Give the little tramp what she deserves."
And the when Fred had cum Susie would hold Anne and tell her "did my
little slut enjoy her daddy's cum. Did little whore get off on watching her
daddy cum? I bet my little fuck bunny would like to fuck her daddy
wouldn't she?" And Anne would shudder in shame and sob into Susie's
shoulder.
Each time Susie had gotten Anne's face closer to Fred's cock. Until she
had it slightly in Anne's mouth able to shoot down the back of her throat.
But they hadn't touched - yet. The next day as Fred was about to cum Susie
put her hand behind Anne's head and pushed her head all the way down
Fred's cock. Anne deep throated Fred as he came.
Fred was in shock seeing his daughter's head buried around his cock. At
the same time the depravity of it had him spewing tons of cum into her
throat and unwilling to stop it. "Look how happy the whore is eating your
cock" Susie whispered to him. "This is where she belongs."
"No-no, this is wrong" Fred stammered and got up and ran out of the
room.
Anne looked up with utter revulsion on her face at what she had done.
"There there little slut" Susie said softly holding her. "There is nothing to
feel bad about. You're a whore and whore's are supposed to suck cocks.
You don't care whose it is as long as you get to eat the cum my pretty little
fuck meat." Anne sobbed and sobbed in Susie's arms but, after a little
reminder from the collar, played with her pussy while she cried.
Later that day Susie tracked Fred down and overcame his objections by
rubbing her tight young body against him. Once she had him hot, they
were fucking with Fred sitting in a chair and Susie facing him riding him.
Susie then called Anne in and told her to suck his cock. Fred wanted to
resist but Susies budding breasts in his face stopped any real resistance.
And Anne had been taught by now, if you see a cock you need to go suck
it. So Anne sucked her daddy off while Susie rubbed her breasts in his face.
By that evening Susie was merely sitting next to Fred when she would have
Anne crawl up and suck Fred off. And the next day she got Fred to fuck
her. The battle was over - Fred didn't see his daughter anymore. All he saw
was a hot fuck doll that would drain his cum whenever he was horny.
At the same time Susie and Paul were making sure that Anne was learning
to take better care of rover. Every meal Rover would lick his food off of
Anne. Susie had Anne start putting the food just on her tits and up her
pussy so Rover concentrated on those parts. Anne would hang her head in
shame as Rover buried his snout in her pussy trying to get all of his dinner.
The second day Rover got so turned on he started humping Anne's leg.
Susie made Anne hold still untill Rover had cum on her leg. She then had
to scoop the cum up and eat it - which almost made Anne throw up. And
all the time Susie was cooing "does slut like the taste of doggie cum. Does
it make you hot?"
The third morning Anne had to jack rover off when he started humping
her leg eating the cum out of her hand after he had cum. Later that day she
jacked rover off right on to her face.
The fourth morning Susie had to use the shock collar several times before
Anne agreed to suck Rover's dick. Sobbing and with tears streaming down
her face it was not the best blow job she had ever given. But Rover came
and Anne sucked it down.
That evening Susie had Rover mount Anne and while Rover fucked his
cock into Anne's pussy, Susie held Anne's face, looked into her eyes and
talked to her. "Does the little slut like the doggie cock in her pussy? Are
you going to get off from Rover's cock pounding into you? Do you like
feeling his cock in your hole?"
Anne looked up at Susie with anguish on her face, knowing what she had
to say with the tapes, the collar, and the sleep deprivation all forcing her to
agree. "Yes slut likes his doggie cock pounding into her hole. Whore is a
bitch that likes doggie cock. Whore is going to cum when he pours his cum
into my slit."
After that session Anne learned to fuck Rover at least once a day, usually
in the cunt but sometimes in the ass. When she came home she would lift
the front of her dress for Rover to lick her smooth pussy and then either
fuck him or suck him off.
And when Anne met a dog on the street she would lean down, petting him,
and always reaching under to stroke his cock or rub he pussy (if it was a
bitch). One time a friend brought over her female dog and they had Anne
lick the bitch's pussy and then strap on her dildo and fuck it. Anne then
had to compete with the bitch for Rover's attentions and Anne broke down
in tears when Rover choose the bitch over her.
Anne was crying because a dog didn't want to fuck her. And they were
tears of shame that Rover would choose the bitch over her as well as tears
of degradation that she wanted Rover to pick her. Anne looked up at Susie
begging "please have him fuck me - PLEASE. I've got to have his cock."
She didn't get his cock but Susie allowed Anne to tongue Rover's cock and
the bitch's pussy as they fucked. And when they were done, after Susie had
made her beg for it, Anne was allowed to suck Rover's sperm out of the
bitch's pussy.
Finally they worked on Anne's toilet training. At first they would make
Anne put her hands on cocks or pussies in the pool when they would pee.
Anne would fell the warmth but it would quickly wash away.
The next day they pee'ed on her legs when she was out of the pool. As the
day wore on they pee'ed higher and higher finally peeing on her pussy, ass,
and stomach. But each time the streams only went an inch higher from the
previous time so Anne never worked up the nerve to say no.
The third day Anne was on all fours in the yard when Paul walked up and
pee'ed all over her back, including her hair. Anne knelt there and sobbed.
Susie the walked up and pee'ed entirely on her hair. Anne was left with
hair dripping, and reeking of piss.
As the day wore on they had Anne lie on her back as they pee'ed higher
and higher up her torso until the pee was splashing on her face. But each
time Anne was allowed to jump in the pool and wash it off.
The fourth day was different. Anne was placed in a wading pool and
everyone, including her father, pee'ed on her in there all day. The pool
slowly build up an inch of pee standing in the bottom. Paul then had Anne
roll around in it to make sure she was totally covered. Anne spent most of
the day covered in piss.
That evening Paul had Anne hold her mouth open as he pee'ed into it.
After spending the day swimming in piss, drinking it did not seem like a
big deal to Anne. She meekly opened her mouth and drank Paul's piss.
Anne was toilet trained.




Chapter 19 - The End of the Week

On Thursday when they got home after partying until 2:00 they finally let
Anne sleep for 6 hours. But during that time Susie had several girls that
took turns gently eating Anne's pussy. So all night, as she slept, they
brought her to gentle orgasm after gentle orgasm.
When Anne woke up she was feeling alive for the first time in days even
though she was still pretty worn out. She also found herself rubbing her clit
as she lay there, not even realizing that she was doing it.
Friday was going to be special. Paul strapped Anne's head to his cock.
There was enough slack that she could pull back to breath. But she always
had the tip in her mouth, and usually more.
Paul spent most of the day watching his European S&M videos. Anne
would suck him as he watched while listening to the sounds of women
being tortured. And when Paul had to pee he just pulled Anne's face in
close and let go.
People came by to see Paul. Anne knew this because they would kneel
behind her and fuck her pussy or ass. Sometimes they would whip her so
that Anne's cries mingled with those of the women in the movies. But
mostly Anne's day revolved around Paul's prick, always in her mouth and
always requiring her attention.
When they went out to dinner that night Paul got a special wheelchair that
had room for Anne to crouch between Paul's legs. Then with blanket's
strategically placed around his legs, Paul and Susie went out to dinner with
Anne between Paul's legs, sucking his disk, drinking his piss and cum.
Saturday they went to visit Paul's doctor friend. After he dumped a load
down Anne's throat he got down to business. Her waist was made even
smaller with the extra fat once again moved to her boobs. Anne now had
an almost impossibly thin waist due to some rearrangement of organs. And
her boobs now rivaled those of Wendy Whoppers although Anne's were all
natural.
The doctor then used the Norplant release system to release some different
drugs into Anne's body over the next 5 years. In her breasts was growth
hormone to help the new fat connect to the old fat and to further stimulate
growth.
Elsewhere were extra concentrations of some of the female hormones.
These would keep Anne in a state of constant horniness. He trimmed a lot
of the excess skin away from around her clit. Basically one touch on her
clit would be enough to send Anne into a climax.
That Saturday night Anne got to try out her new body. It was the school
Spring Prom. Anne wore a beautiful virginal white lace dress. It actually
buttoned up the front from her ankles to her throat. However, when you
looked close you realized, you could see right through it.
So here was beautiful slut Anne. Looking like a virgin in her white dress,
gloves, and ribbon in her hair. With her gigantic breasts straining at the
dress pushing to break out. Through the dress you can see her breasts,
nipples, and rings.
Lower down you can see her ass in the back and her smooth pussy in the
front. Both are framed by a white garter belt and white patterned stockings
that go down to her feet in 6" white heels. And her legs are clearly visible
because the dress is tight all the way down to her ankles. Anne can only
take steps of 2 - 3 inches.
Anne's hair has been bleached almost white and teased up to give the
bedroom look. Her makeup done to make her look like a complete slut.
And to top it off, a black leather collar on her neck and chrome steel
handcuffs cussing her hands together in front. These were not hidden,
these were obvious.
Anne went to the prom finding it perfectly normal that everyone could see
her entire body. Shortly into the evening her dress was unbuttoned by her
tits and cunt so everyone could reach them, including Anne who was
desperate to masturbate.
The ring in her nose was attached to the rings in her tits. And those were
attached to the ring in her clit. So when Anne held her head up it stretched
he nose, tits, and clit. The rings in one cuntlip were attached to chains that
went around her ass to the other lip holding her cunt open.
And all Anne could think of was that she needed more. There was a cock
in her pussy, another in her ass, a third in her mouth, a fourth between her
tits. She had one hand wrapped around a cock and another fingering a
pussy. Each of her feet was being stuffed up some nymphet;s cunt. And it
wasn't enough.
"More, more - oh please god slut needs more" Anne pleaded. "Fuck slut,
piss in slut, cum on slut. Slut needs it. Oh god slut needs it."

Epilogue
Anne's mom did not recognize the tramp that ran up to her in the airport
wearing a crop top that showed the bottom of her tits and a skirt that
showed her ass cheeks. And when Anne grabbed her, kissed her, reached
for her pussy, and pulled her mom's hand to her pussy, Anne's mom
freaked.
Once they got her home they laid it out for her. If she didn't cooperate
Fred, Anne, and Susie would all testify that Anne's mom had fucked her
getting her thrown in jail. So for the rest of the school year Anne's mom
would cringe as Anne or Susie would join Fred in their bed and fuck him.
When Anne graduated from high school (wearing nothing but a corset,
stockings,, and two large dildos under her graduation robe naturally) she
moved in with Paul. From that day forward Anne never wore clothes that
hid her tits or pussy from view. Everything was either very transparent or
her tits and pussy were not covered at all.
When Susie graduated from High School she and Paul were married. Anne
was not seen at the wedding because she spent the entire wedding hidden
under Susie's wedding dress eating her pussy and drinking her piss.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ninja Turtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





