BDSM Library - Things are Great




Things are Great
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fawn feeling she is losing her Master tries hard to please.
                                   Things are Great

                                   By Hunters Fawn



Fawn maneuvers her sleek corvette up the winding driveway; disappointment comes
over her as she notices Master's truck isn't in the spot under the huge oak
tree. Slamming her fist on the steering wheel she shout's " DAMN him...DAMN him.
Not home again."

Tears start to gather in her eyes. Fawn reaches over to shut off the engine,
sitting in the quiet her, mind wanders over the past few months. "FUCK IT!!" she
screams this can't keep going on.

The tears slide down her cheeks she reaches for the bags of groceries she
stopped to buy. Hoping the special dinner she has planned will put her Master in
a better mood. Juggling the bags, her purse and keys, Fawn walks up the sidewalk
to the door.

Glancing out of the corner of her eye she notices that old pervert Johnnie that
lives next door, watching her through his binoculars again. Not being in the
best mood Fawn thinks to herself. "You old stupid fuck you want something to
look at? "Well look at this", she thinks as she drops her keys and bends to pick
them up with her sexy bare ass staring him in the face. She looks over her
shoulder and grins in his direction. HA! Now you know Master doesn't allow me to
wear panties. That should give your old ass something to jerk off about.

Fawn steps inside the house, kicking her purple heels to the corner, she stands
listening to the silence, wishing she could hear the sounds of her Masters music
that he continually plays or at least the clicking of his keyboard. The sounds
always give her comfort for she knows he is close. Deeply sighing she walks to
the kitchen to put the groceries away. Her mind still on the troubled situation
Master and she have come to. Wanting answers to the how and why but afraid to
ask. "Is Master tired of me, does he have another submissive?" "Am I not a good
submissive?  Too many questions and no answers.

Fawn finishes putting the food away and looks around the kitchen to make sure
everything is in order for she knows Master doesn't like things messy. Turning
she decides now is a good time to freshen up for Master. Hopefully he will be
home soon.

Standing at the bedroom window Fawn thinks back to how happy Master and her use
to be. Her mind runs wild with crazy thoughts. Sighing deeply she reaches for
her tight short shorts and skimpy top. Knowing a good hot shower will take some
of the aches out of her, she turns the water on to a steamy heat. Stepping in
the shower she lets the warmth over takes her and tries to blank her mind out.
Lost in the warmth of the relaxing shower she is oblivious to other sounds.
Suddenly she hears the shouts of her Master "SLUT!!" Quickly she shuts off the
shower dries herself and runs from the bathroom trying to get dressed as she
runs down the hallway.

Coming to a stop in the doorway of the living room she softly says "Yes Master?"
Without even looking up Hunter says," And why isn't dinner ready?" Fawn answers
with a tremor in her voice, "I'm sorry Master, wasn't sure what time you would
be home and I've planned your favorite dinner and didn't want to have to reheat
it for you." "If I may be excused I will go now to fix dinner." Hunter replies
with only two short words. "GO BITCH."

Fawn rushes to the kitchen to prepare dinner. Putting all the vegetables on the
counter she starts to prepare the salad. Feeling eyes on her she turns to see
Master leaning against the door jam arms folded across his chest staring at her.
She smiles softly, a little confused at the frown on her Masters face. "I just
came to watch you prepare the vegetables" he says with a cocky grin. Fawn
knowing what he means removes her shorts and reaches for the large cucumber and
brings it to her hot pussy, slowly inserting it until it disappears. Removing
the cucumber covered with her hot pussy juices she reaches for the carrots and
repeats the process, growing hotter and hotter as she prepares all the
vegetables with her pussy juices as Master watches enjoying the sight before
him. The pleasure she is receiving from Master watching and knowing she is such
a slut for enjoying what she is doing, she softly moans. Master shouts at her
"Don't you dare cum slut." Her body tenses trying to hold back the climax.

Master satisfied that his salad is being prepared in the proper way walks over
to Fawn and runs his hand against her hot wet pussy, sticking two fingers deep
inside her, making her almost cum, he lets out a small laugh and looks into her
eyes as he brings his fingers cover with her juice. "Suck slut, tell me!  Show
me how you enjoy your own taste; show me what a slut you are. Fawn sucks on her
Masters fingers moaning with pleasure from the taste and scent. "ENOUGH" he
shouts "Finish dinner I'm hungry"

Fawn hurries to finish dinner, nervous with Master sitting, watching her every
move. Within 15 minutes she places a plate of T-bone steak, mushrooms, greens,
and cornbread in front of him and one on her side of the table. Sitting the
salads of pussy soaked vegetables on the table she walks around to take her
place at the table. Just as she is ready to sit down Master says in a stern
voice " Didn't you forget something bitch?" Fawn jerks and looks over at her
Master and he is pointing to her salad, Fawn understanding again what Master
meant she picks up her salad and walks to her Masters chair, looks down to see
his hard cock waiting she lowers herself to her knees. Taking his hard throbbing
cock in her soft hand she lowers her mouth to him and sucks gently pulling him
deep in her throat she sucks harder faster deeper. Hunter grabs the back of her
head moves his hips fucking her face. As he gets ready to cum he yanks her by
the hair off his cock and spews his cum all over her salad. "Now slut, your
dinner is fit to eat as a slut should" he says. "Go sit down and enjoy your
dinner.

Happy to have the taste of her Master on her salad Fawn sits to enjoy her
dinner. Master? Fawn says softly. "What slut?" says Hunter with a slight frown
on his face.  "We have hired a new girl at work, and I talked to her a little.
Seems she was real quick to pick up on that I have a Master and she came right
out and asked me if we would be interested in a threesome. She seems a little on
the dominate side. I think you would like her. Fawn says with a worried little
grin. "Of course I told her it was up to you." I can bring her home tomorrow
after work if you would like to meet her?" Hunter looks up and a slow grin comes
over his face as he says. "Yes slut, bring her home." "I think your due for some
lessons of just how much control I have over you and how much of a slut you
are." "Thank you Master" Fawn softly says but inside she is shouting YES! YES!
Knowing she will have a wonderful night of pussy licking, cock, Fucking and
letting loose the slut she feels inside. Lost in her thoughts Fawn didn't hear
what her Master said. She looks up with a puzzled look as he reached over to
pinch her nipple to get her attention. "Listen to me slut" he says. " I said get
your ass in the bedroom, I want you naked and on the spanking rack.

 "I Think it's time you feel the kiss of my crop and if you're real good I MIGHT
let you cum." Fawn raises from the table and with a grin runs to the bedroom,
full of excitement about what tomorrow will bring. Her mind full of lustful, and
slutty thoughts she hears her Master's footsteps approach. Trembling with
excitement she wonders if it can get any better." We are going to be ok; no we
are going to be GREAT! She thinks to herself as she feels the wonderful kiss of
her Master's crop.

Friday







The morning light shined through the open window, the soft breeze caressing
Fawns face. She stirs, reaching out with her foot she searches for her Master.
Moaning with a small content sound she pushes her ass against him, feeling his
morning hard on.

Smiling to herself she turns and scoots down in the bed.

Taking her Master's hard cock in her hand she softly strokes it like the
treasure it is.  Looking up she sees her Master is still sleeping soundly.

 With a small little laugh she lowers her mouth over his wonderful tasting cock.
Sucking gently, letting her tongue slide down the shaft and licking little
butterfly licks on the way back up. Lost in her excitement of being able to tell
Veroncia that her Master wants to meet her Fawn doesn't realize her Master is
awake. Suddenly she feels the pressure of his hand on the back of her head.
"Morning my hungry little slut" she hears him speak.

Before Fawn can even answer her Master he flips her on her back and has his dick
deep in her throat as he fucks her face with a fast fury, trapping her under him
she can do nothing but lay there and let him fuck her mouth like it's a wet
moist pussy.

Deeper his cock goes making her gag. Fawn feels her Master stiffen and scream
out loudly "Yes Yes, you fucking slut drink my cum"

As her mouth is filled with his hot cum, she swallows fast, gulping down his
juices. Her Master removes his cock from her mouth, bending down softly kissing
her he whispers

 "You're a good little cock sucking slut"

Fawn smiling with satisfaction that she has pleased her Master this morning.
Tracing his jaw line with her long fingernail she softly says to him "It gives
me great pleasure to be your slut Master." Her words sending a wave of control
through Hunter he slides down her body, pushing her legs apart he looks at her
hot wet pussy. "Oh my slut has a pussy this morning that needs her Master lips."
He says with a small laugh in his voice. Pleased that his slut is always hot and
ready for whatever her Master chooses to do. Hunter lightly licks the folds of
her freshly shaved pussy. Sending a shiver of pleasure down his spine from the
taste and scent of her.

 Fawn's body jerks from the soft sensual touch of her Master's tongue. Turning
her head towards the window she lets out a small gasp as she realizes that old
fucker

Jonnie is sitting at his window watching them. At first Fawn's body tenses,
quickly she recovers and decides to give the old man a thrill, knowing he can
not only see them, he is close enough to hear them. Fawn reaches down placing
her hands on the back of her

Masters head and pushing her hips to his face, wrapping her legs around his
strong back.

She looks towards the window her mouth slightly open and lust in her eyes. She
screams, "YES YES! Lick me, suck on my clit, put your tongue deep inside me,
make me cum Master!" Rocking her hips withering and moaning, she cries out as a
climax over takes her. Shouting loudly " OH YES! Suck my juices. Her body
relaxes from the intense climax. She giggles, looks toward the window and blows
Johnnie a kiss and gives him a wink.

Hunter rises from the bed; looks down at Fawn and with a grin of control telling
her "Turn over on your stomach slut" Fawn turns over and can hear her Master
moving around. All of a sudden she feels the kiss of his crop across her sexy
ass. Again and again. Tears gather in her eyes from the pain. But she knows this
is her Master's right. The spanking finally stops. Her Master bends over and
kisses the fire on her ass, caressing her hot cheeks with his lips. Hunter drops
his crop on the floor, turns to go take his bath. Looking over his shoulder he
barks at her. "Get my clothes ready bitch!" Fawn jumps from the bed her ass on
fire from the spanking she lays Hunters clothes on the bed. Her Master yells
from the bathroom. "And by the way, find the big butt plug. "I think your ass
needs reminding all day today who is in control."

Fawns sighs heavily, not wanting to wear the butt plug today of all days.
Knowing it's going to be hard enough to control her lust around Veroncia without
having something bring her pain and pleasure with every step she takes.

Hunter emerges from the bathroom looks over at Fawn standing by the bed, with a
frown on his face. "What's your problem slut?" he says. "You should be bent over
waiting for the pleasure I'm about to give you." Fawn quickly bends over her
body trembles with anticipation of the coming pain. Hunter walks behind Fawn
admiring her sexy ass, reaching for the huge butt plug, coating it well with
lotion. "All right slut spread your ass cheeks." He barks at Fawn. Fawn reaches
around with both hands opening her ass to Hunter's eyes. Her eyes squeeze
tightly shut she feels the pressure of the huge butt against her asshole. Hunter
pushes harder making a gasp escape Fawns lips as the pain shoots through her
body. Butt plug in place Hunter gives Fawns ass a firm slap as he says to her
"Ok bitch get dressed for work and remember no panties or bra." Fawn   rises and
reaches for her very short purple skirt and her lavender blouse that barely
hides her nipples. Slipping into her clothes she finds the pair of lavender
spike heels that make her legs look even longer. Dressed and ready she turns to
Hunter and in a small soft voice asks " I'm not allowed a shower this morning
master?" Hunter lets out a grunt and turns to look at her, "Why slut? Don't you
like going to work with the smell of sex on you? Before Fawn can even answer
Hunter shouts at her, "Look slut I want you to smell like the cock hungry slut
you are, I want people to know you like to suck cock, have your pussy eaten." 
Fawn looks at her Master with a small pout  on her face " but , but"  "But! My
ass slut, the only but you should worry about is the one that has the plug in
it." Fawn could see that she upset her Master and was afraid of what was to
come.  "On your knees slut!" Said Hunter in a stern voice. Fawn instantly fell
to her knees. Her eyes level with Hunters cock. Smiling down at her, Hunter
opens his fly; taking his cock in hand he shoved it between Fawn's lips. "Suck
bitch" he said as he forced his cock deep in her throat making her gag from the
force. Hunter grabs a fist full of red hair holding Fawn in place as he fucks
her mouth. "Suck harder! He shouts. Just as Hunter starts to cum he pulls his
cock from Fawns mouth spewing his cum all over her face. Grinning he watches it
run down her chin making small stains on her blouse. Reaching down Hunter rubs
the cum into her soft skin. "Now bitch you can wear my scent as your perfume
today." "Get up and go on to work your going to be late" "I'll stop at the local
diner to buy my breakfast."  Fawn rises from her knees tears running down her
cheeks, not saying a word she picks up her Jacket and walks down the hallway. Oh
gawd! She thinks this is going to be awful; everyone in the office will be able
to smell the scent of sex on her. Just as Fawn reaches her car she turns and
Hunter takes her in his arms, holding her tight he kisses her with  lust letting
his tongue explore the inside of her mouth. Grabbing her ass and pulling her to
him he breaks the kiss and looks down into her dark eyes and smiles. With a
cocky grin he whispers "Be proud of who you are, be proud that you're a cock
sucking slut, that's what makes me happy." Giving her ass a hard slap he walks
to his truck. Looks back at her and says. "Don't forget what you have in store
for you tonight slut. " I think Veronica might be just what I've been looking
for to teach you the finer side of being a slut. With one last cocky grin he
shouts out the truck window. "Oh by the way I like the new perfume, think you
should wear it more often." Laughing at the look on her face he drives off.

Fawn softly smiles without saying a word she watches him drive down the
driveway. Quickly her thoughts turn to Veroncia and she feels a wetness start
between her legs. Driving to work Fawn can do nothing but think of how it might
be with Veroncia, the butt plug reminding her of her Master, with every move she
makes.  Pulling into the parking lot she looks over at the car next to her and
sees Veroncia gathering up her purse and briefcase. They both emerge from their
cars at the same time. Veroncia looks of at Fawn and with a sexy full-lipped
smile she says, "Good morning, how lovely you look today." Fawn smiles and
blushes as she quietly says "Good morning Veroncia." Veroncia walks over close
to Fawn and gives her a knowing look, with a sassy grin "My don't you smell good
this morning she say with a lilt of laughter in her voice. Fawns blush of red
increases with the knowledge that Veroncia knows, that she can smell the scent
of sex on her. Fawn turns to walk in the building, a sharp pain from the butt
plug over take her and she lets out a small gasp. Veronica gives her a puzzled
look "Are you ok? She asks Fawn. Fawn stammers." uh uh em, yes I'm ok," she
says. Veroncia grabs Fawn by the arm, sternly looks at her and says, "Bullshit,
something is wrong." Fawn sighs and figures there is no sense lying, Veroncia
will know soon enough. She shyly looks at Veroncia and says. "It's the butt plug
that Master made me wear today." Veronica's eyes fly open with surprise and she
suddenly burst out laughing. "Oh what a Master you have, I love it. " She turns
to walk in the building letting her laughter linger around Fawn.  Fawn feeling a
little embarrassed a little confused from all the feelings she is having, walks
slow and careful to her office.

Fawn enters the elevator taking her to the fifth floor office she has occupied
for the last 6 years. She grins as her mind wanders back to the day she got the
job. He interview with old Mr. Jenkins, his doubts he had until she got on her
knees and gave him the blow job of his dreams. To think she gave that old fart
blow jobs weekly until he retired and now he has the balls to call her from time
to time trying to get her to meet him in a motel. Umph! Like she needs his old
ass anymore, she got what she wanted, and now she has a wonderful Master that
meets all her desires. Stepping from the elevator Fawn catches her heel in the
doorway. Making her body twist and the butt plug pushes against her insides. She
lets out a loud gasp, just as Jerry grabs her arm to keep her from falling. Fawn
looks up into Jerry's green eyes and sees a smirk on his face as he leans close
to her and whispers "Oh, did we have a little fun before coming to work Fawn?" 
"Like the smell of a fresh fucked woman" he says. Fawn jerks her arm from
Jerry's grasp. "Damn you Jerry your such a pig." She hisses at him." Fawn turns
and walks off down the hallway to her office with a disgusted look on her face.
Jerry watches Fawns sexy ass disappears around the corner, thinking to himself.
"Damn I'd like to stick a hard dick in that."

Lost in her thoughts Fawn isn't paying attention as she turns the corner and
collides with Veronica. Veronica reaches out to grab Fawn, to keep her from
falling. "Whoa there lil one." Veronica says as she holds on to Fawns arm,
"What's the hurry?" Fawn blushes from the heat Veronica is bring to her body
from the touch, "No hurry, just a little aggravated at Jerry and his foul mouth.
Veronica throws back her head and lets out a laugh "Yea good ole Jerry, know
what you mean?" Fawn becomes hotter and hotter as Veronica's touch becomes more
of a caress on her arm; Fawn feels the wetness begin between her thighs. 
Veronica looks down at Fawn, seeing the glow on her face, not resisting the urge
that overcomes her and bends down to place a soft sensual kiss on Fawns full
pouting lips, letting her tongue probe, to explore the taste of her. Veronica
releases the kiss and softly says in a husky whisper. "By the way did you speak
to your Master about my interest?" "Yes Madam" answers Fawn, "He would like for
you to come over tonight?"  "Wonderful wonderful, I'll be there around
sevenish," And by the way, is there a phone number where I may reach your Master
today?" Fawn looks at Veronica a little puzzled and says, "Sure, I'll bring it
to your office in a few minutes." "Fine" says Veronica over her shoulder as she
walks off, "I won't be long, just a little business to take care of in Miss
Harper's office first. Giving Fawn a wink she disappears around the corner.

Fawn enters her office and stands looking out the window, wondering how she is
going to be able to sit all day with the damn butt plug in her. Knowing how
painful it's going to be she hesitates to sit. Putting all other thoughts out of
her mind she sits to begin her days work, the pain brings a conflicting sense of
pain and pleasure from the butt plug.

Within twenty minutes of beginning her work, Fawn's phone rings, she picks up
the receiver and answers sweetly, "Jenkins, Murray, and Jones, how may I help
you?" Without so much as even a hello Fawn hears a husky sensual voice "Don't
you think you've made me wait for that phone number long enough? "SLUT" Fawns
body jerks at the sounds of the word slut.  No one but her Master has ever
called her that. Good Lord what has she got herself into she thinks. "Yes Madam,
be right there" Fawn says. She rushes out the door and across the hall. She
quietly knocks on Veronica's door. "Come in Fawn," echoes the voice from behind
the door. Fawn steps into Veronica's office and does an intake of breath, still
surprised at the beauty of Veronica. Coal black hair pulled back into a tight
bun, chiseled features, soft ivory skin, full red luscious lips the, black suit
with the bright red blouse that matches her lips in color, long sexy legs, her
beautiful feet clad in black spike heels.

Fawn, feeling like a gawking schoolgirl, clears her throat. "The phone number
M'am is 414-0103" "Veronica smiles as she picks up the phone. Motioning to the
chair in front of her desk telling Fawn to sit down. "You might want to listen 
to this conversation,  let me put it on speakerphone so you can hear your
Master," Veronica says, as Fawn sits down in the big over stuffed chair in front
of Veronica's desk, winching from the pain of the butt plug.

Two short rings and Fawn hears her Masters voice.  "Hello Hunter here, how may I
help you? Veronica smiles at Fawn as she speaks. "Hunter this is Veronica I
believe Fawn spoke of me to you last night?" "Oh that she did darlin that she
did"says Hunter with interest in his voice. "Well the reason I'm calling, says
Veronica, is that I would like your permission to play with your slut a little
today, just to get the idea of what might be in store for both of us.

At the word slut again Fawns body jerks and she becomes uncomfortable. Not
knowing what Hunters answer will be, Fawn becomes even  more unsure, but yet
wetness builds in her pussy that she can't deny. Hunter lets out laughter as
Fawn hears him on the speakerphone. "Sure, might be good for her; give her a
taste of what's in store for her. Tell her, her Master said she is to do as you
say and not to disappoint me." Veronica laughs with delight as she tells Hunter
"Oh she is sitting right here, I'm sure she understands." and by the way, you
have a wonderful sexy voice."  "As do you" answers Hunter.  "See you tonight
than, and Hunter, I think it is going to be very enjoyable evening, you have a
lovely slut." Veronica tells him in her sexy husky voice. "Yes yes. I agree,
very obedient," If you know what I mean says Hunter. "Well I won't be hard on,
her, says Veronica, just a little playing with her is all I want. Take care and
see you tonight."  "Tonight" says Hunter as he hangs up the phone

Veronica turns to Fawn, "Hmmmmm nice Master you have, lets see how well he has
trained his slut. "Come over here and get on your knees in from of me." Orders
Veronica in a no nonsense tone of voice. Fawn obediently gets up and kneels
before Veronica. Waiting, waiting for what she knows is to come. Veronica rolls
her chair closer to Fawn, placing a leg on each side of Fawn, spreading her legs
wide, exposing her womanhood to Fawns eyes. The sight of Veronica's pussy
mesmerizes Fawn. The black hair with the small pink slit peeking from its cover.
Fawn feels her mouth water from the want, the smell. She feels her own pussy
growing wet with the lust she is feeling. Wanting to bury her face in Veronica's
hot pussy, she waits for orders. "Well! What are you waiting for slut?"" I think
you know what to do, get busy bring me to a nice warm wonderful cum." Fawn leans
forward and lightly licks the folds of Veronica's pussy. Her tongue taking in
the taste, the lovely scent of her hot juices.  Suddenly Fawn feels the pressure
of Veronica hands on the back of her head, pushing her tight into the hot
wetness. Lost in her lust Fawn pushes her tongue deep in the velvet hole,
sucking up the flowing juices. Veronica's grip tightens in Fawns hair, moaning
with pleasure she looks down at Fawns' face buried in her pussy, "Oh yes yes,
suck, on my clit bitch, make me cum! She shouts. Her words excite Fawn; she
takes Veronica's clit in her mouth gently sucking, bringing Veronica to the
brink of her climax.

Suddenly Veronica's body stiffens, she screams out loudly, "Oh yes yes, slut !"
Fawn sucks in the flowing hot juices that come from Veronica's hot pussy, as her
own body fills with a hot passion, a slutty lust overcomes her from the reaction
and soft mewing sounds that come from Veronica. Lost in her lust Fawn barely
notices that Veronica pulls back her leg, taking her high heel clad foot and
pushes Fawn from her hot wet pussy. "Get up slut, lean over my desk," she orders
her in a stern husky voice. Fawn, with embarrassment rises and leans over
Veronica's desk. Her lust filled body betrays her as she becomes more excited,
anticipating what Veronica is going to do. Knowing Veronica can see the huge
butt plug firmly in place. Her bare ass exposed to Veronica's eyes causes her to
grow wetter and hotter. Fawn hears Veronica opening drawers, shuffle around,
afraid to look, for fear she will anger Veronica, she closes her eyes and waits.
The wait grows longer, the fear builds in Fawn, and her body starts to tremble.
She hears Veronica walk up next to her. Grabbing a fist full of Fawn's long red
hair she bends her head back and proceeds to place a cock gag on her. Bending
down she whispers with a hiss in Fawn's ear "That's so the whole office won't
hear your cries of pain." Moving behind Fawn, Veronica reaches for the dildo she
laid on the desk. With one quick motion she buries it deep in Fawns hot wet
pussy. A muffled moan escapes from Fawn. Before Fawn can recover from the pain
of the huge dildo, she feels the kiss of Veronica's crop on her ass, one.. 
Two..  Three.. Four. The force taking Fawns breath away, tears gather in her
eyes, her ass on fire. Withering against the desk, trying to escape the pain.
Slowly the pain begins to turn to pleasure, she feels Veronicas soft lips
caressing her hot cheeks, licking her softly with her tongue almost making Fawn
cum. Veronica reaches between Fawns legs and pulls the dildo almost completely
out of her and shoving it back in one quick thrust, over and over again. Fawn
losing control begs, "Oh please Mistress please let me cum." She hears Veronica
laugh and say 'HMMM not just yet my little slut, lets see if you can take just a
little more." Veronica pulls the dildo from Fawns hot pussy, walks around to the
front of Fawn removes the cock gag. Looking down at Fawn without a smile she
says" Open your mouth bitch, I want you to taste what I 'll be tasting"

Fawn opens hers mouth and Veronica shoves the juice soaked dildo deep in Fawns
mouth.

Veronica walks back behind Fawn kneeling behind her, placing her hands on Fawns
ass taking in the warmth from the kiss of her crop she places her mouth over
Fawns hot pussy licking, sucking thrusting her tongue deep. Fawn's body tenses,
tears slide down her cheeks as she tries to keep from letting her body take
over. "Oh gawd please don't let me cum" she moans. "Ok slut, you can cum."
Veronica says as she clamps on to Fawns clit and sucks.  "OH OH my gawd."
screams Fawn as the dildo falls to the desk from her mouth. Her breathing labor
she lays feeling the soft caresses of Veronica's tongue bring her slowly back to
earth and reality.

    Rising from her knees Veronica looks down at Fawn lying on the desk fully
exhausted. "Well lil one that should give you something to think about for
tonight" "Now get up and go back to your office and get your work done." We will
pick up tonight where we left off." She says with a smile.

  With shaky legs Fawn raises from the desk, walks slowly to the door, just as
she reaches for the doorknob she hears a soft voice behind her. " Oh Fawn, one
more thing" says Veronica, "Is your Master real open minded? Fawn turns to look
at Veronica with a puzzled look on her face. "Uhmm yes Ma'am I would say he is."
Fawn replies. "Good good, says Veronica with a whimsical look on her face, "I'm
bringing a friend with me tonight, and I think you'll find him very
entertaining." Yes Ma'am Fawn quietly says and she closes the door behind her.
"Oh no, what have I got myself into says Fawn softly as she walks back to her
office, Master will never go for another man touching me."

Fawn carefully sits down in her leather chair, the coolness against her bare ass
makes her gasp. Letting out a soft giggle she thinks how glad she is that her
chair is leather, seeing how wet she stays from the thoughts of her Master.

Looking at the clock Fawn decides to not stop for lunch, seeing as the little
session with  Veronica put her behind schedule and she doesn't want to get home
late. Involved deeply in her work before she realizes the day is done. Putting
away her daily work thoughts run through her head of all she has to do on the
way home. Pick up the dry cleaning, fill up the car with gas, stop and pick up
Chinese take out. Picking up her purse and her mind is on getting home to get
things ready for tonight.

Pulling in the driveway Fawn is thankful for once that Master isn't home before
her, with her having so much to do.

Walking up the walk to the house she glances next door, shakes her head at
Johnnie sitting in his window staring down at her. She smiles and blows him a
kiss as she opens the door.

Putting dinner in the oven to keep it warm for Master she turns to go take her
bath.

Pushing the bedroom door open with her hip, her arms full of the dry cleaning
Fawn's face breaks into a huge smile as she notices a present on the bed.
Quickly she hangs up the clothes and runs to the bed, to open the present.
Inside the package is a beautiful sheer deep purple nightshirt of silk. She
lifts it from the box caressing the softness. The note falls to the floor,
reaching down she picks up the small note with the familiar handwriting.





                 Sweetheart, in this box you will find

                The outfit you will wear tonight. I talked

                To Veronica at lunch and I feel this outfit

                Will be perfect for tonight.

                 See you at 6

                 

               Your Master

               Hunter



Fawn stands to hold the nightshirt against her, knocking the box to the floor,
looking down Fawn notices a lavender leather band roll from the box. Picking it
up a puzzled look comes over her face as she realizes it's a collar. Surely
Master doesn't' want her to wear this, she thinks. She knows better than to
doubt her Master, but she can't help but wonder what he is up to.                        

            

To be continued (watch for Friday Night )




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hunters Fawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





