BDSM Library - Turning Michiko




Turning Michiko
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance encounter in a bar turns into a night of pain and pleasure at the hands of a stranger.
Turning Michiko



There is my target for the night - over by the bar. I admire the curves of your
body through the sheer, clinging silk dress and the grace with which you are
sipping your drink.



I slip into the stool next to you and offer you a drink, blatantly leering at
your breasts and the inch of cleavage you are showing off. I am wearing a
tuxedo, tailored to my tall, strong frame. Are you here for a quiet night, or
looking for an encounter that might change your life?

I feel someone watching me even before you take the seat next to me. I try to
keep my cool as you stare at me, sipping at my drink. The silk dress clings to
my body, elegant yet slightly daring. Nothing too obvious, though. My breasts
are on the smallish side but nicely formed and I know this dress give some
credit to them. Under your intent stare I feel as if I am wearing nothing at
all. Finally I force myself to face you, raising an eyebrow as I watch the tall,
elegantly dressed man next to me.

The bar is said to attract all kind of people, and I wonder who you might be. I
say nothing as I raise my glass again in a mute salute.



...I hold eye contact with you as I smile encouragingly. I introduce myself as
Kane, and place my hand on yours when you are speaking. You do not notice the
tiny white pill drop from between my fingers to land in your champagne.



I offer a toast, 'To...possibilities!' and throw my drink back in one gulp,
gesturing for you to do the same. You feel my hand wandering up your leg,
starting with your knee and working slowly up your thigh as I engage you in
trivial conversation. I change the subject often, keeping you slightly off
balance. I can see a warm flush rising on your face and neck, and know that it
will not be long before you are in my car, speeding through the night to your
new life...

I wonder why I feel so light-headed after only one glass of champagne, but I do
not care. Hey, I've been working hard these past weeks and have earned myself a
nice evening, I tell myself. I enjoy your attention - you don't seem to be one
of these anxious, nervous guys that annoy me so much, both your composure and
body language spread a lot of self-confidence, the hand covering mine strong and
warm.

"Yes... to possibilities" I agree in a flirtatious tone. I have certainly earned
myself some fun. Working with a fashion photographer includes lots of fun and
interesting people and locations, unfortunately most men I know at work have no
interest in women. I chat about this and that, hardly noticing that I tell you a
lot about me without learning much about you. You know that I am living alone,
that I will have some weeks off after our last project - but there is little I
seem to know about you. Nonetheless I do not hesitate when you suggest to
continue the evening somewhere else, my dark eyes gleaming with some
expectation, my hand not leaving yours as I follow you outside, swaying slightly
as if a bit drunk



I put my arm round you as we leave the bar, holding you up without you realising
how unsteady you have become. I help you into my car, noting your smile as you
half-fall into the Jaguar. The drug is starting to take effect...

As the car speeds onto the highway my hand remains on your thigh, squeezing
gently and moving your skirt higher as if by accident. You sigh happily and let
your legs fall open, an invitation I rarely pass up Soon my fingers are brushing
against the silk of your panties...moist already! This will be so easy...



The soft leather seats of the Jaguar feel so comfortable - I don't know why I
feel so sleepy, yet perfectly relaxed even as your hand moves up my leg and
strokes my silk panties. I am aware that the black thong does not hide much, but
I do not care, feeling rather aroused. After all, I expect a bit more than just
a coy goodnight-kiss from this date... what else could I wish for? An attractive
and obviously wealthy man, why should I care? This is so much better than the
casual flings with the shallow guys of the fashion industry. "Where are we going
to? Another bar, a club, or your place?" I ask, not noticing the slight slur in
my voice.



'I'd like to show you my place', I can barely keep my voice steady; this one is
playing straight into my hands. I have several weeks to play with her before she
will be missed...time enough to get her trained up into the perfect slave and
allow the marks to fade!

By the time the car pulls into my driveway the drug has taken full effect and
you are horny as hell...I help you out of the car and walk you through the
hallway, past the library and study to the left, the lounge and dining room to
the right to the enormous staircase leading upstairs.

'Are you ready?' I ask, knowing the question has meanings you will not
comprehend until the morning. In reply, your hand rubs against my crotch as your
mouth is plastered against mine. You jump into my arms, wrapping your legs
around my waist as I carry you up the stairs to the master bedroom...



In the darkness I could not see too much of the house, but it seems to be big -
well, I did not expect anything less from a man driving a jaguar. The sleepiness
has been replaced by desire. As long as you drove the car your hand wandering up
my legs and stroking my wet panties seemed enough, but now I want to feel more
of you, kissing you deeply, tasting your mouth for the first time, with growing
hunger. It's been quite some time since I met a man I was really interested in.
Or maybe interested is the wrong expression - a man who emanated a powerful
sexuality, a strength that drew me to him like a moth is drawn to the light. And
as my hand explore the bulge of your pants it is evident you were interested as
well.

The thin fabric of my blouse - elegant yet daring - do little to hide my
stiffening nipples as I press myself against you, my long legs in black silk
stockings closing around your waist, my crotch rubbing against you while I never
seemed to stop kissing you. You do not waste time with small talk or an offered
drink, holding me without obvious effort as you carry me upstairs. I moan deeply
as I try to catch a glimpse of the house. But right now, my main interest is to
get out of my clothes and start what promises to be a night of passionate sex.



I kick the bedroom door open and carry you into the large, well-appointed room.
In the centre is a huge four-posted bed and that is where I throw you. You land
splayed out, arms and legs akimbo, and giggling as you bounce on the comfortable
mattress. Your blouse has come undone, exposing one pert little nipple that
jiggles slightly with each bounce. I climb on top of you slowly, exploring your
body with my hands and then my mouth. I start by kissing your silk-clad thighs,
moving up towards the hot, moist crevice still hidden behind your panties. Your
skirt is pushed up above your hips as I slide up your body, opening your blouse
fully. You push your breasts towards me, breathing heavily...without warning I
grab your hands and hold them above your head. The snick of handcuffs closing
about your wrists tells you this will be no ordinary night...



The cold metal around my wrists ends my slightly drunken reverie. I try to jerk
my hands away, but find it impossible to move them apart. I try to kick you off,
more surprised than shocked. "Hey... what is going on? You... you don't have to
tie me down to have sex with an attractive man, you know?" I try to joke.

The sudden change is quite a surprise. Just a minute ago I had felt the warmth
of your hands and lips slowly explore my body while I tried to get out of my
clothes. Your strong fingers spreading my legs while I can smell the scent of my
growing arousal. You had moved and acted like a man who knows how to prolong the
waiting, the slow approach only adding further stimulation. I had felt so
horny... panting when you opened my blouse to expose my breasts, small but well
formed, the relatively long nipples dark and sensitive.

And now? I am still aroused, eager, hungry for your touch again. And I would
like to touch you as well, pouting as I try to get my hands out of the cuffs.
"Come on, stop that nonsense, okay?"



Your feet are next. I wrap silken scarves around your ankles, tying them
securely, then attaching them to the bottom bed posts. Your legs are drawn apart
by the tension in the scarves...you suddenly realise you are semi-naked and
quite helpless. You aren't even sure where we are because of the various
distractions I had provided on the journey here.

As I watch the realisation dawn on your face I smile broadly. 'Time for my fun,
I think!' I hook my fingers into the crotch of your panties and pull them down
and to one side. Ignoring your futile struggles and demands for explanations I
lean down and lick at your wet pussy, feeling the hardening bud of your
clit...you buck your hips suddenly, hitting my face with your pussy.

'Oh, dear. Looks like I need to explain the situation here, slut. Your
delectable body belongs to me now...you have no rights at all in this house.
Let's start by removing your clothes...you won't be needing them anyhow.' The
sight of the knife appearing in my hand suddenly sends a wave of terror through
you...



Despite my irritation and protests against being tied to the bed my body
instantly reacts to your tongue licking my pussy, my clit hardening and
throbbing, wetness glistening between my pussy lips. My stiffening nipples seem
to beg for attention as they begin to tingle. I try to regain control of my
squirming hips, nonetheless.

Your words leave me angry and puzzled. "I don't belong to anyone! And don't call
me slut!" I begin, but then I suddenly see the blade of the knife appear in
front of my eyes and stiffen, hardly daring to breathe. Oh my god... how could
this happen to me, I wonder as my mind is racing. This civil, distinguished
gentleman - nothing but a trap? Have I fallen into the hands of some pervert? I
cannot believe this is really happening. "Please... don't hurt me!" I stammer,
swallowing hard...



The razor-sharp blade makes short work of your clothes, slicing through the
material as if it wasn't there. Within seconds you are totally naked, sprawled
in the ruins of your clothes. You are trembling with fear, panting every time
you feel the cold steel against your skin as you are summarily stripped. Despite
yourself, there are the unmistakable signs of an aroused woman...the bullet-hard
nipples, the sheen of juices between your splayed thighs, your breath rasping in
and out in little gasps. I smile down at you, my hand trailing up and down your
leg...

'First, my dear, we have to decorate those nipples of yours. These clamps will
hurt a lot at first, but you will get used to wearing them for me.' The clamps
in question are huge clover-style clamps, designed to squeeze tighter when they
are pulled. I attach one to each of your nipples, ignoring the cry of sudden
pain as your tender buds are squashed by the powerful springs....



Even as I realise you are not intending to hurt me with the knife, just cutting
off my clothes, I hold my breath every time the blade touches my skin. I feel
exposed as never before in my life, completely helpless and at the mercy of a
stranger who is more than meets the eye...

I know you can see every private spot of my body, and despite my fear my
previous arousal has not diminished, but fuelled by occasional touches. I had
agreed to be tied to the bed by some of my earlier lovers, but that was nothing
like a game, and with partners I knew and trusted. And that had been about the
amount of kinkiness - lying helpless and being teased to orgasm, my only fear
that my partner could suddenly stop.

But here, I do not know the rules. I shiver with fear , yet your hand slowly
moving up my leg sends a tingle through my pussy. It is when you let the clamps
dangle in front of my face when I realise this will be very different from the
little games I used to play. These look vicious, and I know they will hurt. "Oh
no.... please don't do this to me!" I beg. My nipples are a perfect aim now,
stiffening even more in fear, protruding large and dark from my breasts.

Metal teeth graze the sensitive bud and then you close the clamp. A spasm of
terrible pain is sent from my captured nipple through my whole body. I try to
move away, but it is to no avail. As much as I squirm, my body writhing in a
bizarre dance of pain on the bed, held almost immobile I watch as if in slow
motion the second clamp coming closer and closer. This time I know what to
expect and my screams are even louder. I am lost in this pain, unable to tell
how long it takes until the sharp pain diminishes to a dull throb, reminding me
with every breath of the cold metal squeezing my nipples



I pour a glass of wine as I watch you writhe in pain on my bed, the nipple
clamps lolling around on your breasts, pulling your nipples due to the sheer
weight of steel. Your screams are music to my ears...I can hear your arousal
from the trembling of your voice. I take a sip of wine, lift your head and kiss
you, letting the wine spill into your mouth. My hand moves back down to the hot,
wet place between your legs, rubbing and kneading the sensitive labia...my thumb
finds your clit, swollen and hard, and presses gently. I break the kiss as I
feel your tongue questing into my mouth, sucking at the lithe wetness.

It is nearly time to begin your training as my slut. I open my trousers and take
out my cock...you gasp when you see it, and you lean forwards slightly, a hungry
look in your eyes. Climbing on to the bed, I straddle your body with my
throbbing cock mere inches from your mouth. Leaning back to grab at your nipple
clamps, I begin teaching you the orders you will be hearing for the next few
weeks...

'Suck it'.



I stiffen with fear as you grab the clamps. My nipples hurt already from the
weight of the steel. As much as I try to avoid any movement - the pain makes my
body writhe, but every movement sends new pain through my clamped buds. It's a
hellish circle. How much worse will it feel if you pull or twist the clamps?

Nonetheless I am surprised that the manipulations of your fingers managed to
arouse me despite the pain. Maybe it is because I welcome anything that would
let me forget about those clamps, maybe because I have been so incredibly horny
when you brought me to this place. But when your hard erect cock throbs so close
in front of my face, I feel a new hungry tingle in my sex.

If I obey, if I do anything you order me, maybe you'll let me go, I think. After
only a brief moment of hesitation, my tongue lashes out to run around the top of
your cock, circling around it teasingly. I raise my head, wrapping my lips round
the bulging head and begin to suck. It is so big and my jaws feel stretched, but
nonetheless I try to take more and more of your hard shaft into my mouth,
massaging it with my lips and tongue.



Oh yes...that's it...suck nice and hard. My hips start pushing my cock deeper
into your mouth as your head bobs back and forth. I use your nipple clamps to
control your movements, pulling sharply when you slow down, relaxing when you
get the rhythm right. I swell perceptibly under your ministrations, filling your
mouth even more than you thought possible. A faint ring of lipstick around the
shaft of my cock shows the level of penetration...still a couple of inches to
go.

'Open your throat, slave. Swallow my cock' I push even harder, pulling at the
same time at your abused nipples so that they stretch painfully. Finally I am in
to the hilt and hold the position until I feel you gasping for air...your moans
change in pitch as the panic builds...every time you try to pull away I yank
hard on the nipple clamps. Then I pull out, feeling the cold air on my
saliva-slicked cock as you gulp deep breaths of life-giving oxygen.



It is not the first time I suck a cock, but never before have I been in such an
uncomfortable position, unable to control my breath and find my rhythm. And
never have I been forced to do this instead of pleasing a partner I trust. I am
torn between the fear to suffocate and the pain shooting through my nipples
every time you tug at the clamps when I slow down to catch my breath.

Your cock seems to grow even larger in my mouth and the more I suck, the harder
I find it to breathe, wriggling uncomfortably, lack of air causing slight
dizziness and growing panic. I gag when your cock enters my throat, tight
muscles clenching around your hard flesh, the pain in my nipples reminding me I
have to finish this, but I can't, I need fresh air.... I buck on the bed, the
panic clearly written in my eyes when you finally pull back and I almost
hyperventilate as I try to fill my lungs with oxygen again.



'Have some wine, slut. Not a bad first attempt...you will learn to extend your
endurance with training.' I tip the wineglass to your mouth, letting a few drops
fall at a time. Cradling your head, I wipe away the tears from your cheeks and
kiss you...at the same time I reach down to remove the clamps from your nipples
and begin massaging your breasts one at a time. I love the sound of a slut
moaning with pain as the blood returns to crushed nipples, stimulating the
numbed pain nerves as well as the pleasure centres from the now-gentle
treatment.

Eventually I feel your trembling cease, your pain-wracked body relaxing. Both
nipples are now erect again, with dark bruising where the clamps were biting.
They will be hyper-sensitive now...casually I pick up one of the tall, fat
candles arranged around the bed. It has been burning for some time, and a deep
pool of molten wax has formed around the wick. I hold the candle close so you
can see as I tip it slowly over your left breast, dripping scalding wax over
your nipple so that it spills down towards your belly, and around your side.



The sudden changes in your behaviour puzzle and surprise me. How can this be?
Now, as you cradle and comfort me, you appear once again as the gentle and
considerate man I met in the bar. Your kisses are both demanding and gentle and
my lips open as I kiss you back, wondering why I am reacting like that after you
have done to me. Maybe it is just the wish that the nightmare is over.

Your lips muffle my scream when you remove the clamps. Just a minute before I
would have done anything to see them done but now the intense pain seems even
worse than before. Slowly I understand that with the blood rushing back into my
dark nipples the sensitivity is raised again. I squirm on the bed as you knead
and massage my breasts, moaning loud. My nipples still seem to explode with
pain, but at the same time your touches are stimulating and I feel torn between
these contradicting sensations, my nipples throbbing wildly as I whimper.

It takes some time, but in the end I feel almost relaxed, even aroused due to
the stimulation of my breasts, the pain a vanishing memory, something I strain
to forget. I sigh and can feel that my pussy is getting wet, a bit ashamed that
I react this way after what you have done to me before.

But then my eyes widen, alarmed and full of new fear as the flame of the candle
dances before my eyes, mocking me. "What are you doing?" I ask, although I know
the answer. I tear at the bonds holding me, but there is no escape. As if in
slow motion I watch a glob of molten wax drop down, a thin liquid line of hot
wax trickling down and when it meets my engorged nipple it feels as if an
electric jolt has hit me. It is as if the flame is licking my oversensitised
flesh, pain rushing through my body. Hot wax spills over my body as I arch and
squirm, screaming out, begging you to stop it



I watch the array of emotions cross your face, smiling in satisfaction at the
confusion there...the wax cools slowly on your skin, forming a hard shell over
your breasts. My fingers search between your legs until they find the hard nub
of your clit buried in the wet folds of your beautiful pussy. I begin rubbing,
hard and fast, watching your face the whole time...when your eyes roll up into
the back of your head, your breathing coming in short gasps, your hips
involuntarily bucking against the insistent pressure I know you are close to
cumming.

The sharp slap against your pussy brings you back to reality...this is no
ordinary date. Again, I slap your dripping cunt...this time my hand remains
clapped over your labia as my middle finger pushes into you. It is time to take
you as a man takes a woman. I shrug out of my clothes, standing naked at the
foot of the bed. My cock is rock-hard, the veins standing out. I slowly climb
onto the bed, crawling up your restrained body...my tongue lashes out to explore
your pussy briefly - you taste divine!

Moving up the bed, I leave a trail of kisses up your body, sucking at your
delicious skin to leave a faint mark each time my lips touch you. My cock poised
at your pussy, I wait for you to beg me to fuck you...



I wonder what is happening to me. how can I react to you like this? The wax has
cooled down, and now my nipples seem to press against the hard cover as if
impatient to be touched again. My clit is throbbing madly and I know you can see
the wetness glistening in my exposed pussy. Your fingers arouse me despite the
earlier pain. You get me close, so close to the climax I'm now craving for and I
pant with disappointment as you suddenly stop.

It is as if I try to forget what you did to me earlier, my body hungrily
reacting to stimulation - to any kind of stimulation, it turns out, for even
while I squeal with pain as you slap my pussy, the tight muscles clench around
your finger, almost as if they want to suck it in as you finger fuck me. When
you undress and the robe slides down, my eyes are drawn to your erection. I am
afraid of you, but I also want to feel that cock inside me. I must be crazy to
react like this, I think, but then your lips wander all over my body again,
marking territory. Your cock occasionally brushes against my pussy as you move,
sending shudders along my spine.

Within a minute I am fully aroused again, squirming on the bed, tossing my head.
I wish I could clamp my legs around your hips, forcing myself on you, but
instead I can only beg you to take me.

"I cannot stand this...." I pant. "Please, I need your cock... I want to be
fucked." It is what I wanted all evening, after all. It is what I came for,
although the date turned out much different than I'd ever imagined



Now you are mine, slut. Your body aches to be used by me...I have got you so
confused that even spanking your slut pussy sends sexual energy throbbing
through you. Gazing deep into your eyes, I lower my mouth to yours. I suck
gently at your outstretched tongue, our lips sliding over each other. I reach
down to guide my cock into your pussy...your eyes widen as you feel it
stretching your opening.

I enter you with one smooth stroke, your cunt so hot and wet...the sudden gasp
of pain is replaced by a muffled moan as I cover your mouth with my hand. I
begin to fuck you, twisting my hips as I ram my cock deep into your squirming
body. I feel your body respond to me, your tongue licking at my hand, your back
arching to allow you the movement to start fucking me right back. Holding my
weight on my elbows, I stroke your hair out of your eyes...your pussy clenches
tight around my pistoning cock...the sudden flood of your juices indicates your
first orgasm is upon you...



My fear and discomfort seem to ebb away. I cannot believe how aroused I am and
if it were not for your lips covering mine, I would scream with desire as your
cock enters my pussy, an almost brutal thrust, filling me to the core. But the
pain is forgotten as you begin to fuck me. There is no pretence of gentleness,
of a slow caressing approach. But that's not what I need right now. How long has
it been since I had felt a man take me like this? I can feel my growing need and
hunger to be taken and the fact that I am bound and helpless only adds to this.
I am so completely dependant that you finish what you began, that you don't stop
now. Deeper and deeper I seem to sink into an abyss of lust and passion, my
inner muscles trying to milk your cock, my body squirming in its ties as waves
of lust hit me and by body begins to shake and spasm, my screams subdued by your
hand covering my mouth.



My world now only contains our thrusting bodies, slicked with sweat, your soft
skin marked with a degree of erotic beauty from your torment. Again and again I
ram my cock deep into your writhing body. Your pussy so hot, so tight around me.
Quicker and quicker, your head bumping against the bedhead...I lift my torso off
your so I can see your breasts jiggling, the nipples brushing against the hair
on my chest. Your eyes glaze over as you come again, screaming in pure
pleasure...when I lean back down your tongue searches for mine as you kiss me.

Slower now, taking longer, deeper strokes, enjoying the sensations of your body
cumming again and again beneath me...then I feel the pressure build up in my
balls, and know the moment is near. I take a good strong grip on both your
nipples, pulling on them with the last few thrusts....YESSSSS! I cum with a
mighty cry, spurting hot jets of seed deep into your womb. For a few seconds I
think you have cum as well...then I realise I am still squeezing your nipples
and you are crying in pain. I release your tits, and reach up to open the
handcuffs securing you to the bed. Wordlessly I hand you a leather collar. The
implication is clear - do you want to accept my collar or do I take you home?



I shiver and sob. It has all been so overwhelming. The pain - my nipple still
hurting, feeling almost raw after the rough treatment, my pussy so very sore.
And yet I am almost disappointed it is over. This has been so overwhelming. I
cannot remember when I had climaxed so hard, so violent, almost continuous. I
feel completely exhausted, but you have woken a new kind of hunger in me.

I look at you, my sight blurry. My fingers reach out for that collar, touching
and feeling it. What do you mean with this? Is it what I suspect, an offer to
keep me with you? I am afraid what this implies, afraid of the consequences, of
the pain this could mean. But I am also intrigued. Tonight you have pushed me to
what I regarded as my limits. will there be more? Will there be something
beyond? My fingers close around the collar even as my lips tremble and a tear
rolls down my face.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Kane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





