BDSM Library - Learning




Learning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about two teenaged girl friends who can't manage to stay out of trouble. Steffy is a fairly innocent 14YO who always seems to get dragged into her 15YO friend, Mandy's, mischief. Of course, they always get caught, and get punished...


Untitled Document




Learning
  
by T-Luv
    &copy;2004
  
WARNING:   You
  must be at least 18 years of age to read this story. The following story may
  describe consensual or non-consensual spanking or other BDSM activity involving
  one or more adult women and/or teenaged girls. The story may also describe
  consensual or non-consensual sexual activity between adults, between minor
  persons, or between minors and adults, and will be clearly tagged as appropriate.
  Please observe the tags to determine whether or not you want to read the story.
  Do not read the story if the tags indicate subject matter that you will find
  offensive. 
DISCLAIMER:   This
  is a work of FICTION. The characters in this story are the product of the author's
  imagination, and do not represent any actual person, living or dead. Any similarities
  to actual persons are purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily
  condone, encourage or participate in the types of activities described within
  this story. Please be aware of the difference between fantasy and reality when
  reading this work of FICTION. 
COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION:   This
  story is Copyright 2004 by T-Luv. This story may not be reproduced elsewhere
  without permission of the author. All permitted reproductions must include
  the unaltered WARNING, DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION notices. 


Chapter One: Smoking Is Bad For You (Steffi)    
(M/f, spanking, nc, teen)   
Steffi had spent the whole afternoon confined to
  her bedroom. She was really bored. She was also nervous. She thought about
  the conversation she'd had with Mom when she came home from school. How could
  I have been so stupid? she thought to herself, going over the scene in her
  mind for the hundredth time.  
As soon as she got home from
  school, she heard her mother's voice. Mom didn't sound happy.  
"What the hell is this?" Mom had said, anger in her voice.  
Steffi's eyes were riveted to
  the cigarette pack her mother was shoving in her face. How had she found it??
  Steffi started to panic.  
"That's not mine!" The denial
  had come out too quickly. "Somebody must have put it in my jacket when I wasn't
  looking!"  
"Really." Her mother wasn't fooled. "Then
  how did you know I found them in your jacket, hmmm?"  
Steffi had no answer to that. She knew she was
  busted.  
So now she sat alone in her room. Daddy would be
  home soon, and then she'd find out what kind of punishment she would get. She
  hoped he didn't ground her again! She was looking forward to the boy's high
  school football game tonight, and next week too. Dejected, she knew she wouldn't
  be going. She'd probably be stuck at home for the next month for this!  
Well, no sense just sitting here.She had been too
  unnerved when she'd been confronted with the evidence of her smoking and sent
  to her room that she hadn't had the energy to change out of her school uniform.
  A little more relaxed now, she got up and got undressed.  
A tidy young girl, she carefully hung her gray,
  pleated skirt on its hanger and put it into her closet with the other two.
  It wasn't dirty, so she could wear it again on Monday. The white, long-sleeved
  autumn uniform blouse went into her laundry basket. She looked over her wardrobe
  to decide what to wear the rest of the day.  
The weather hadn't turned cold yet, this early
  in September, and she probably wouldn't be going out today, so she decided
  she didn't need to dress warmly. She picked out her favorite pair of cutoff
  jeans. After adjusting her white bikini panties, she pulled the shorts on.
  She had made the shorts herself out of an old pair of jeans. They were now
  very short - cut to just below the lower curve of her bottom. In fact, they
  didn't even have 'legs' - only openings on either side of the crotch. Like
  she'd seen the older girls do, she had also cut the waistband off. So the button
  was gone, leaving only the zipper to hold them closed. Of course, her parents
  wouldn't allow her to wear them out of the house; they thought they weren't
  appropriate for a fourteen-year-old girl. They didn't go for Steffi's "But
  everyone wears them like this!" protests. She'd had to settle for just wearing
  them at home. Turning her back to her mirror, she looked over her shoulder,
  satisfied with the way the tight shorts hugged and shaped her pert little butt.
  Steffi topped off her outfit with a snug, white T-shirt.  
Then she remembered that her father would be home
  soon. The fun of changing clothes fled from her mind, to be replaced with dejection.  
"Steffani McAllister! Downstairs! Now!"  
Resigned to getting lectured and grounded, Steffi
  sighed and trudged down the stairs to the living room, where her grim-faced
  parents waited. Her mother sat on the edge of the sofa, her dad in his recliner.
  Steffi put her best face on it. "Hi, Daddy!" she said, trying to smile, trying
  not to look at the accusing cigarette package on the coffee table.  
"Haven't we warned you about the dangers of smoking?" Jacob
  McAllister's face showed nothing but calm seriousness as he got right to the
  point.  
"Yeah." Steffi stared at the carpet.  
"Your mother and I have noticed your attitude getting
  gradually worse the last few months. Until now, we've just chalked it up to
  growing pains that everyone your age goes through, and we've let it pass." Jacob
  paused to consider his words. "But now, smoking? That's not something that
  can be overlooked."  
"I'm... I'm sorry, Daddy! I won't do it any more.
  I promise!" Steffi gave her dad her best puppy-dog look, a practiced technique
  that was usually successful in dulling his anger. It didn't work this time.  
"I'm sure you won't. I'm going to punish you to
  make sure you remember that you're not supposed to smoke!"  
"Please, Daddy, don't ground me again! I really
  want to go to the football game tonight! My friends are all expecting me!" Steffi
  tried another trick, sticking out her lower lip and trying to look pitiful.  
With a small smile, Jacob replied, "Oh, you're
  free to go to the game. I'm not going to ground you."  
Steffi looked up quickly. "You're not?"  
"Nope. You can go to the game. If you still feel
  like it later, that is."  
"Wh-what do you mean?"  
"Steffi, you've been grounded plenty of times.
  It obviously hasn't taught you anything. No, I'm going to try something else." Jacob
  turned to his wife. "Gail?"  
Steffi's mother pulled opened the drawer under
  the coffee table and, to Steffi's horror, took out the old paddle and laid
  it on the table.  
"You-you're not really gonna sp-spank me, are you?" The
  girl's voice trembled when she spoke.  
"I'm afraid so," Jacob replied.  
"But you haven't spanked me since I was twelve!" Steffi
  protested, the pitch of her voice getting higher with each word. "I'm too old
  for a spanking!" She started nervously shifting her weight back and forth from
  one foot to the other. She couldn't take her eyes off the paddle. They can't
  be serious!  
"Come over here, Steffi, and lay over my knees." Jacob's
  voice was firm.  
"Please, Daddy, don't" I'll be good! Please don't
  spank me!" She stood rooted to the spot.  
"Do you want extra?" Jacob barked. "If you're not
  over here in three seconds, you'll get ten extra!"  
"Nooooo!" Steffi protested. Afraid of getting it
  even worse, though, she quickly crossed to her father and laid across his lap.
  Immediately, she began to regret putting on the shorts. As she bent, she could
  feel them ride up. The air on her skin told her that the lower bit of her bottom
  was now exposed and vulnerable. The young teenager felt the heat in her face,
  blushing when she realized Daddy could see her bottom. She desperately wished
  she had changed into long pants instead! She squirmed on Daddy's lap. "Please,
  Daddy, I'll be good! I'll be good!"  
"Just settle down and take it, Steffi. The sooner
  we get this started, the sooner it will be over with." Jacob reached out and
  accepted the paddle from his wife. "Gail, how many cigarettes are left in that
  package?"  
Gail opened the little box and counted. "There
  are eight here."  
Jacob announced, "That means you've smoked twelve,
  Steffani. I think three swats per cigarette is a reasonable punishment." He
  let his daughter think about that while he rubbed the paddle in slow circles
  on her taut bottom.  
Shaking, Steffi begged, "Please don't..."  
Her father stopped rubbing and let the weight of
  the paddle rest across the center of her buttocks for a moment, then he began
  the spanking. He raised the paddle and, ignoring Steffi's protests, brought
  it crashing down right across the meatiest part of her bottom. WHAM!  
"OOOOOOOWWWWWWIIIEEEE!" Steffi squealed in pain,
  arching her back and kicking her legs straight out. It hurt! She had forgotten
  how much it hurt!  
Jacob smacked his daughter's bottom again, and
  again, and again. BLAM! WHAM! POW! The first eighteen hard spanks landed squarely
  across the same middle part of her butt. He maintained a steady tempo, and
  each blow was as hard as the one before. He had to pause at one point to pull
  the girl's wrist behind her back and hold it tightly to keep her from reaching
  back and getting her hand in the way of the paddle.  
"Ouch! Stop! Stop, Daddeeeee! It hurts! You're
  hurting me!!!" Steffi struggled desperately, but unsuccessfully to escape the
  spanking.  
"Of course I'm hurting you! A spanking is supposed
  to hurt!" Jacob emphasized his point with three spanks even harder than the
  first few. "Maybe if it hurts enough, you'll think twice before smoking again!" Shifting
  his aim, Jacob started raining spanks right where his daughter's bottom met
  the tops of her thighs.  
Now Steffi was really regretting her decision to
  wear those shorts! The paddle was striking her half on the denim, and half
  on the bare skin that was peeking out! She howled and shrieked and begged and
  cried, but her daddy just kept spanking and spanking! Steffi's butt was on
  fire, and it hurt like hell!  
When it was finally over, Steffi just laid there
  across her dad's lap, sobbing loudly. She was convinced that he'd paddled her
  a million times. But it had only been the thirty-six he'd promised her. Her
  bottom in agony, Steffi swore to her parents that she would never smoke again!  
That night at the football game, Steffi remained
  standing for a long time. When she finally sat down (wearing loose-fitting
  pants now) she couldn't help squirming obviously. Her friends, Mandy and Trisha,
  kept giving her funny looks. They didn't say anything, but she was sure that
  they knew she'd gotten spanked. The thought humiliated her. I'll bet they don't
  get spanked any more!  
Steffi: 36 spanks  
Chapter Two: Getting It Wrong (Steffi &amp; Mandy)    
(F/f, reluctant, nc, teen; F/f, M/f, spanking,
    nc, teen)   
"Oh, come on, Steff!" Mandy wheedled her friend, "We
  won't stay very long! And I don't want to go to the mall alone!" The school
  day was done, and she had plans.  
Steffi was torn between her desire to accompany
  Mandy to the mall, and her knowledge that she should go straight home from
  school. "I promised I'd come right home from school, Mandy! I'll get in trouble!"  
"But Steffi, you won't get in trouble if you're
  just a few minutes late, will you?"  
"Well... I don't know. Maybe if it's only a few
  minutes. But no more than that!" Steffi decided that she needed to put her
  foot down. Mandy was in the same grade as Steffi but was almost a year older,
  having turned fifteen just before the school year started, and more experienced
  with life. She was Steffi's best friend, though, and exerted a strong influence
  on her.  
"Good!" Mandy exclaimed cheerfully. "Let's go!"  
The mall wasn't far, and it took only a few minutes
  for the two schoolgirls to walk there. Mandy led the way directly to one of
  the restrooms and pulled Steffi into the large wheelchair stall, locking the
  door behind them. There, she broke out a cigarette and lit up. After taking
  a deep drag she offered the cigarette to Steffi.  
"Oh, I can't, Mandy!" Steffi whispered urgently. "My
  mom found my cigarettes a couple weeks ago, and I really got in trouble! I
  promised I wouldn't smoke anymore!"  
"Pfft! Don't worry, I've got breath mints," Mandy
  countered, pushing the lit cigarette into her Steffi's hand. "They never smelled
  your breath before. Your mistake was letting them find your smokes."  
Steffi took a couple puffs off the cigarette, but
  didn't inhale, then hurriedly handed it back to Mandy. "Give me the mints," she
  urged.  
Mandy took a few more quick drags before tossing
  the half-smoked cigarette into the toilet and pulling a package of mints from
  her purse. "Keep those. I have more. Eat a lot of them and they won't smell
  your breath."  
As Steffi crunched several wintergreen candies,
  Mandy unzipped her school uniform skirt. "What are you doing?" Steffi asked,
  curious.  
"Watch this," Mandy answered. She quickly rolled
  her skirt's waistband down and inside. Her regulation skirt's hem normally
  came to just above her knees, but when she finished adjusting, the hem was
  now a good six inches higher. "There!"  
"That looks so cute, Mandy!" Steffi exclaimed. "Help
  me do mine!"  
"Okay!" Mandy went to work. Moments later, Steffi's
  skirt was just as short. "There, come look!" She dragged her friend out of
  the toilet stall and pushed her in front of the full-length mirror. Steffi
  whirled and posed, trying to check her new look from all angles. "Pretty sexy,
  huh?"  
"Yeah," Steffi said. "Too bad we can't wear them
  like this at school!"  
"Really. Hey, let's go shopping!"  
"Okay," Steffi agreed, having now completely forgotten
  about getting home on time. "I don't have any money, though."  
"Me neither," Mandy said, "but we can still look.
  I want to check out that new clothing store. C'mon!"  
Unlike most of the mall's chain stores, La Petite
  was an independent shop that carried expensive designer clothing. It was not

  normally patronized by young school girls, but Mandy and Steffi weren't unusual
  in their interest. What teenage girl wouldn't want to try on such fancy clothes?
  The two sales clerks mostly ignored them, knowing they wouldn't be buying.
  Both girls were having fun oo-ing and ah-ing over the latest fashions from
  Paris.  
Eventually, Mandy held up two outfits and called
  out to a saleslady, "Hey, can I try these on?"  
The saleslady nodded and gestured toward the fitting
  rooms near the rear of the store, warning, "One person in the fitting room
  at a time, please." She knew the girls weren't going to buy the costly items
  and that she would need to straighten them out before putting them back on
  the racks. Teenage girls never managed to hang the clothes properly.  
Unnoticed by both Steffi and the saleslady, Mandy
  had slipped a silk bra and panty set between the other two outfits, holding
  all three hangers in one hand. "Wait here, Steff, I'll just be a minute." She
  disappeared into the fitting room.  
Several minutes later, Mandy stepped back out,
  the outfits sloppily rehung on their hangers. Handing both garments to the
  saleslady she said, "Sorry, they didn't suit me. Thanks anyway!" She and Steffi
  headed for the door.  
Just as they were stepping out into the mall, both
  girls were hauled back by hands on their collars. "Just a moment, ladies," a
  woman's voice behind them said.  
As they were spun around, Mandy cried indignantly, "Hey!
  Let go! What do you think you're doing?" She glared angrily at the fortyish,
  smartly dressed woman who still had a firm grip on her.  
"I would like a word with you. Come with me." Maintaining
  her grip, the woman led the struggling Mandy and bewildered Steffi to the back
  of the store, past the fitting rooms and into a small office. She released
  the girls and locked the door. Pointing to two chairs she said, "Sit down."  
The girls sat.  
"So tell me," the woman said, perching on the edge
  of her desk and folding her arms, looking directly at Mandy, "did you intend
  to pay for that lingerie?  
"I don't know what you're talking about," Mandy
  said defiantly.  
The woman smiled grimly. "I'm afraid you DO know
  what I'm talking about, but I'll remind you. The black silk bra and panty that
  you took into the changing room with you was not among the items you returned
  to my clerk. Nor was it in the changing room."  
"You're full of shit," Mandy laughed.  
"I guess I can safely assume that you didn't notice
  my security cameras."  
Mandy looked shocked. "You have cameras in the
  changing rooms?"  
"Of course not. Do you think I want to be sued?
  The cameras are in the sales area, and I distinctly saw you carry three items
  into the fitting room. Only two were returned. It's all on tape, if you don't
  believe me. So you might as well confess. It might save you from more trouble."  
"Up yours. I didn't do anything." Mandy remained
  stubbornly defiant.  
The woman sighed. "Stand up."  
"No."  
"Very well." The store owner grabbed Mandy roughly
  by the arm, startling both girls, and hauled her to her feet.  
"What do you think you're doing?" Mandy hissed. "You
  can't treat me like this!"  
"I most certainly can. I can also do this!" She
  quickly reached for the hem of Mandy's shortened skirt and hiked it up. "Tell
  me, do you always leave your house wearing two pairs of panties?"  
Steffi stared in shock. There, plain as day, her
  friend had a pair of black silk bikini panties pulled on over her regulation
  white cottons. "Mandy!" She gasped.  
"I assume you've hidden the bra in a similar manner.
  That settles it, then. Mall Security will take over from here," the woman said,
  satisfied. "They'll call the police, who will then turn you over to your parents."  
Changing tactics, Mandy cried. Her practiced, phony
  tears trickled down her cheeks and she said, "I'll give them back! I'm sorry!"  
"Too late for that, honey," the woman said, smiling
  now. "It's illegal to sell used underwear. That stuff is worthless to me now."  
"Then I'll pay for them! I'll come back with the
  money! I promise!" Mandy was begging now, growing frightened at the prospect
  of getting arrested. Even more of having her parents find out what she'd done.
  Behind her, Steffi was still speechless and staring.  
"I'm afraid not. What kind of example would that
  set? You know as well as I do that if I allowed that, you would tell your friends
  what happened, and then I'd have all sorts of girls in here, taking things
  and promising to pay me later. No, that won't work. I think a trip to the police
  station will make the proper impression."  
Desperate, Mandy pleaded with her. "Please, don't
  call the police! I'll do anything you want! Just... not the police."  
"Anything, you say?" The woman noted Mandy's defeated
  nod. "Hmmm... what would be suitable enough to justify leaving the police out
  of this, but would still convince you to never steal from me again?" She appeared
  to be thinking, then seemed to come to a decision. "I think a good spanking
  will do the trick."  
"Um, a spanking?" Mandy looked worried, but mentally
  she was trying to gauge how hard the woman could spank. *It's not like I've
  never been spanked,* the teenager thought to herself.  
"Yes. I think one swat for each dollar you've cost
  me with your thievery should do it."  
"H-how many?" Mandy said, looking nervously at
  the floor.  
"That bra and panty set sells for fifty dollars.
  Plus tax."  
That figure prompted a sharp intake of breath by
  Steffi, who was staring in disbelief.  
"Okay," Mandy said simply, surprising Steffi.  
"Well, I'm glad we could come to an agreement.
  Very well, come bend over the desk." The woman stepped aside to allow Mandy
  to pass, then watched as the young girl carefully bent herself at the waist
  and reached across the top to grab the opposite edge of the desk with her fingers. "I
  see you're familiar with the position."  
"Y-yes, ma'am," Mandy said softly.  
"That's good. I want you to hold that position
  until we're finished." The store owner walked behind the desk and opened the
  top left drawer, taking out a wide wooden ruler. "This should do the trick." She
  startled both girls by flipping Mandy's skirt up to expose the doubled-up panties,
  and chuckled at the rolled down waistband of the skirt. "Skirt not short enough
  for you?" she asked.  
"N-no, Ma'am," Mandy said, softly.  
"Don't be embarrassed," the woman said, "I did
  the same thing when I was your age. And hoped I didn't get caught." She considered
  for a moment, then continued, "You know, I think two layers of panties give
  you too much protection. I believe a punishment should be felt properly, on
  a bare bottom." With that, she peeled the two pairs of underwear down just
  far enough to bare Mandy's bottom, but not expose anything else. Out of the
  corner of her eye, she saw Steffi's astonished expression, and was surprised
  that Mandy didn't object to being bared.  
"Let's begin." The woman patted the ruler against
  Mandy's well-formed bottom to judge the aim, causing the girl's bottom to clench,
  and then relax. Then her arm went back and came forward quickly. The ruler
  struck Mandy's bottom with a sharp CRACK, and left a wide, pink stripe squarely
  across the center of both cheeks. That first blow coaxed not a sound from the
  teenager.  
The ruler was tapped against Mandy's cheeks again,
  and then the second spank struck just as hard as the first. Still Mandy remained
  silent. The woman began spanking in earnest, delivering a quick series of spanks
  that landed all over, reddening Mandy's butt from the tops of her cheeks down
  to where her panties stopped. Though her bottom wiggled and flinched, Mandy
  was silent until the twenty-third blow, when she left out a soft grunt. After
  that, her grunts turned to gasps, then yelps of pain. When the fiftieth spank
  finally landed, Mandy was crying softly.  
Mandy started to rise and tug up her panties, but
  was stopped by a hand on the small of her back. "Wait a minute," the woman
  said, "Don't forget about the sales tax!"  
Mandy found herself wishing she had paid more attention
  when her dad had been complaining about the fact that their county had the
  highest sales tax rate in the state. What was that percentage...?  
Five quick hard blows reminded her of the ten percent
  sales tax.  
"All right, the two of you may go." The store owner
  handed Mandy a tissue to dry her eyes. "I hope you'll return when you're ready
  to make a purchase. In the meantime..."  
"We'll stay away, Ma'am," Mandy promised. She took
  her speechless friend by the arm, hauling to her feet. "Let's go, Steffi."  
The woman watched them, remembering a similar experience
  she herself had had when she was about their age. It had done her a world of
  good, and she hoped the had succeeded in passing the favor on to Mandy.  
Once out of the store, Steffi said, "I can't believe
  you let her spank you!"  
"Shhh! Somebody will hear you!" Mandy said. "Anyway,
  I might as well let her. If she called the police, I would just get it at home
  anyway, and have a criminal record on top of it. So I was just cutting my losses."  
"Oh. You still get spanked by your parents?"  
"Yeah, don't you?"  
"Well, um, I got a spanking for those cigarettes," Steffi
  said, embarrassed. "But that was the first one in a long time." Just then it
  occurred to her to look at her watch. She gasped, "Omigod! We've been here
  for over an hour! I'm way late!" She looked at her friend, panic on her face. "I've
  got to go! I'm in so much trouble!"  
"Okay... I hope you don't get in trouble. Can't
  you make up a story?"  
"No. They'd just check it out themselves, and then
  I'd be in even more trouble for lying. I gotta go, Mandy!"  
"All right. See you tomorrow?"  
"Yeah. Bye!"  
Steffi ran all the way home. When she arrived,
  she tried to slip into the house silently, but her mother heard the door closing.
  She appeared out of the kitchen.  
"Young lady, where have you been?" Gail demanded. "You
  were supposed to be home an hour ago!"  
"I... I went to the mall with Mandy, and, um, I
  lost track of time." Steffi stared at the floor.  
"Lost track of time, huh?" Gail said sternly. "Then
  why don't I teach you how to pay better attention to the time? Come sit on
  the couch and wait for me." She disappeared into the kitchen.  
Resigned, Steffi dropped her book bag and sat down
  on the couch and waited. Moments later, her mother returned with a wooden spoon.  
"Are you gonna spank me, Mom?" Steffi asked, nervously.  
"Yes." Gail sat beside her daughter. "Lay across
  my lap."  
"Please, don't spank me! I'm sorry I'm late!" Steffi
  begged.  
"Across my lap, Steffi."  
Seeing it was no use, Steffi accepted her fate
  and draped herself over her mother's thighs. Her mother lifted her skirt to
  expose her white cotton panties.  
"Let this be a lesson to you to pay more attention
  to the time!" Gail went to work with the wooden spoon, peppering Steffi's little
  bottom with hard spanks. She was very thorough, covering Steffi's panties with
  the flat back of the spoon. Steffi kicked and squealed, still unaccustomed
  to being spanked. Gail thought Steffi's performance was a bit overboard. She
  spanked her thirty times, and when she was done, Steffi was crying from both
  the pain and the embarrassment.  
Just as Gail was finished with the spanking, her
  husband came in the front door. "Hello, Jacob," she said, "You're early today."  
"Looks like I'm just in time, actually. What did
  she do now?" Jacob crossed the room and kissed his wife on the lips.  
"She was an hour late getting home from school," Gail
  said. "She went to the mall with her friend instead of coming straight home."  
Steffi listened, mortified by the knowledge that
  Daddy could see her panties. Why didn't Mom put her skirt back down?  
"Then she earned a spanking," Jacob said. "And
  it seems she's earned another one, as well."  
Steffi cried out, "What? What did I do?"  
"I just spoke with Mrs. Brooks, next door," Jacob
  answered. "It seems a certain young lady ran past her house a few minutes ago,
  with a very short skirt that flipped up and exposed her panties with every
  step she took."  
"Steffi!" Gail gasped, shocked.  
Steffi groaned at her own stupidity. How could
  she have forgotten to readjust her skirt?  
"How many people do you think saw your panties
  between the mall and home, Steffi?" Jacob asked his daughter. "How many?"  
There had been a lot of traffic as Steffi had jogged
  down the sidewalk in her hurry to get home. She was mortified to realize that
  all those drivers had probably seen her underwear. "I don't know," she said
  almost inaudibly.  
"I don't know either," Jacob said, "but we're going
  to make sure nobody sees them like that again. Stand up."  
Steffi nervously stood, rubbing her bottom and
  thankful that Daddy couldn't see her panties anymore. Her thankfulness turned
  into dismay when Daddy ordered her to to kneel on the floor and bend over the
  couch seat, and Mom lifted her skirt and held it up. Then she heard the distinctive
  sound of Daddy pulling his belt out of it's loops.  
"No, Daddy, please don't!" she wailed. "Please!
  My bottom already hurts so much!"  
"It's gonna feel like it's on fire when I'm done,
  Steffi," Jacob said sternly. "Hold still."  
Gail restrained Steffi with one hand, and held
  the skirt up with the other. Jacob folded his belt in half and began whipping
  his young daughter. The belt was a blur, flashing through the air and blazing
  across Steffi's panty-clad butt.  
Steffi squealed in pain! This was just as bad as
  the paddle, but different. The paddle had caused a deep ache in her bottom,
  but the belt was delivering a flaming sting. Daddy was right - it felt like
  he'd lit a fire on her bottom! Her screams and pleas were answered only by
  more strokes of the belt. To Steffi, it seemed to go on forever, but in reality
  it was only twenty lashes. Even so, she knew she would never be able to sit
  down again. She was weeping loudly when she was finally allowed to stand. Then
  daddy made it worse.  
"Have you learned your lesson?" Daddy asked. Steffi
  nodded emphatically. "Good. Now go to your room and don't come down until dinner!"  
Steffi turned and started for the stairs.  
"One more thing, Steffi." Jacob's words stopped
  the girl.  
"Yes, Daddy?"  
"When you come down for dinner, I expect you to
  be wearing those tight little shorts of yours."  
Steffi stared in disbelief before answering, "O-okay." Then
  she turned and trudged miserably up the stairs, rubbing her bottom all the
  way. How am I going to get my shorts on, when my bottom hurts so bad?  
Steffi: 50 spanks Mandy: 55 spanks  
Chapter Three: Cutting Class (Steffi &amp; Mandy)    
(M/ff, spanking, nc, reluctant, teen,
    high school)   
"Let's blow off gym class," Mandy suggested to
  her friend Steffi. "I've got a new magazine to show you!"  
"We'll get in trouble!" Steffi said.  
"You're always saying that, Steff!"  
"That's because we always do!"  
"There're pictures of Heath Ledger in this magazine..." said
  Mandy, setting out the bait.  
"Heath Ledger! Really?" Steffi's interest was piqued.  
"And I won't show you unless you cut class with
  me!"  
"You're mean! You know I want to see the pictures!"  
"Come on - we'll hide in the woods behind the gym.
  Nobody will catch us!" Mandy turned and led the way. Steffi followed.  
"He is so hot!" Steffi was gushing over the photos
  of her favorite actor.  
The two young girls had found a secluded bench
  not far from the gym and were eagerly flipping through the pages of Mandy's
  teen magazine. There were several pictures of Heath Ledger, and Steffi was
  trying to memorize every one of them because her parents wouldn't let her buy
  these magazines.  
"I wish I could meet him," Steffi said. "I'd do
  anything for him!"  
"That 'anything' includes cutting class, I see."  
Both girls whirled around at the sound of the gruff
  male voice behind  
them. Both were greatly dismayed to find their gym teacher standing there.  
"Mr. Phillips!" Both girls cried out.  
"I'll take that magazine," said the teacher, extending
  his hand. "You know they're not permitted on school grounds." Mandy reluctantly
  handed over the magazine. "Thank you. Now if you will both follow me..." He
  turned and led the way back to the gymnasium.  
The nervous girls were led into Mr. Phillips' office. "You
  will wait here. I'll deal with you after class. Don't touch anything." The
  teacher left the room, closing the door behind him.  
Alone in the office, the girls were quiet for a
  few minutes. Then Steffi said, "What do you think he'll do?"  
"Spank us, probably."  
"Spank us!! That's not allowed!" Steffi cried.  
"Sure it is," Mandy said, looking at her friend,
  surprised. "Didn't you know?"  
"Um, no..." Steffi had just started attending the
  school as a freshman a month earlier. She had been quickly befriended by Mandy,
  who was a year older and was repeating the ninth grade because of poor grades
  and behavior the previous year. Steffi hadn't heard of anyone she knew getting
  a spanking at school.  
"This school allows it. It's a private school,
  so they can get away with it as long as your parents signed the consent form
  when they enrolled you. I've never heard of a parent not signing the form." Mandy
  didn't look especially worried.  
"Shit!" Steffi's eyes were wide, wondering why
  her parents hadn't told her about that. "Um, how do they spank?"  
"Well," said Mandy, "Usually it's the strap, but
  sometimes they use a paddle. It's kinda up to each teacher. Whatever they prefer.
  I've heard that the Principal uses a cane." She shrugged.  
Steffi suddenly had a thought. "Omigod! Will he
  make me lift my skirt?"  
Mandy rolled her eyes. "Well duh! You wouldn't
  feel it if you got spanked on your skirt! It's too thick!"  
"Oh." Embarrassed, both by the thought of her teacher
  seeing her panties and by the idea that her older friend might think she was
  a wimp, Steffi didn't say anything else. The two girls remained quiet as they
  waited for Mr. Phillips to return at the end of class. The twenty minutes seemed
  to last forever.  
The bell rang and Mr. Phillips came into the office
  a few minutes later. He glanced at the girls and then sat behind his desk and
  began to fill out some forms. "Well, girls, I'm sure you realize that you've
  both earned spankings today." He looked up at them and Mandy nodded, but Steffi
  just stared at the floor. "And of course, your parents will have to be informed."  
Steffi's head shot up, and she started to speak,
  but Mandy interrupted. "Oh please, Mr. Phillips," Mandy said in her most pitiful
  voice, "don't tell our parents!" Having been at the school the previous year,
  Mandy knew that a male teacher was supposed to have a female faculty member
  present when spanking girls, but she also knew that enforcement of the rule
  was somewhat lax. She decided to take advantage of that, and play Mr. Phillips
  to her own benefit.  
"Mandy, you know the rules about spankings. Your
  parents must be informed," Mr. Phillips said, evenly. "I realize that means
  that you'll probably get another spanking when you get home, but I'm afraid
  rules are rules."  
Deciding that she could push, Mandy fidgeted with
  her blouse. Looking her teacher directly in the eye, she accidentally unbuttoned
  the top button, allowing him a glimpse of her bra. "Please, can't we make a
  deal? We'll work extra hard in your class if you don't tell our parents!" Mandy
  kept her eyes locked with Mr. Phillips' while she inadvertently brushed the
  hem of her skirt up, revealing a good amount of thigh.  
Ogling the unexpected display of girlflesh, Mr.
  Phillips said, carefully, "I suppose that, since this is a first offense for
  both of you this year, I could be persuaded to overlook the paperwork this
  one time." The gym teacher looked carefully at both girls - one fourteen and
  the other fifteen - and weighed his own risk. "In exchange, you'll each receive
  ten extra swats with the paddle. And you'll strip to your underwear."  
Steffi's head shot up. "What? No way!"  
Mandy slugged her in the shoulder and said, "Shut
  up, Steff! Just do it!"  
"But..."  
Exasperated, Mandy said to the teacher, "Can I
  talk to her privately for a minute?"  
"Very well. One minute." Mr. Phillips stepped out
  of the office and closed the door.  
Mandy started on Steffi. "Didn't you tell me your
  dad gives really hard spankings?"  
"Well, yes, but..."  
"When I get in trouble at school, my parents give
  it to me even worse at home!" Mandy hissed. "I don't feel like getting spanked
  twice. What's the big deal of stripping to your bra and panties?"  
"He'll see me in my underwear!" Steffi knew it
  sounded lame as soon as she said it.  
Mandy rolled her eyes and said, "Look, Steff, that
  bikini you were wearing this summer at the beach showed a lot more skin than
  your underwear does, and plenty of men saw you in that!" Hurriedly she added, "Look,
  just do this, and I'll make it up to you, okay? Please?"  
"O-okay."  
Mr. Phillips came back into the office. "Well,
  girls, what will it be?"  
"We'll do it," said Mandy. "C'mon, Steff!"  
Both girls stood up, and Mandy began to strip immediately.
  Blushing deep red, Steffi followed suit. In a moment the two teenage girls
  were standing before the teacher in only their bras and panties. Steffi was
  extremely embarrassed! No man had ever seen her like this before. Even her
  dad had only seen the back of her panties! She unconsciously moved her hands
  to cover herself.  
"Put your hands on top of your heads, girls." The
  command was firm and left no room for argument.  
With their hands on their heads, both girls were
  exposed. Mr. Phillips took several minutes to study their almost-naked bodies,
  walking slowly around them and taking in the pleasing sight of their firm flesh.
  He saw that Mandy, the older of the two, had more obvious curves, and filled
  her bra a bit better than Steffi. Still, he thought, the younger girl had a
  distinct and pleasing air of innocence to her, which the older girl lacked.
  He strongly suspected that Mandy was the instigator, and Steffi had merely
  been tagging along, influenced by her older friend. Well, a good spanking might
  persuade Steffi to resist her friend's persuasion in the future. Both girls
  were very pretty. While he was behind them and out of their sight, he took
  the opportunity to adjust the growing bulge in his slacks, to make it less
  obvious.  
"All right, girls, for cutting out of class, you've
  each earned twenty swats. You'll be first, Steffi." Mr. Phillips placed a chair
  in front of his desk. "Bend over the back of the chair and place your hands
  on the seat. And I suggest that you keep them there. If you reach back, I'll
  start over again."  
Steffi obediently bent over as instructed. As soon
  as she did, she felt her skimpy panties riding up between her buttocks. She
  automatically reached back to adjust them.  
"Hands on the chair!" Mr. Phillips barked.  
Humiliated, knowing that a part of her bottom was
  exposed, Steffi returned her hands to the seat of the chair and waited tensely.  
The teacher retrieved a paddle from a desk drawer
  and stepped behind the trembling fourteen year old. "Stay in position, Steffi,
  and we'll get this over with quickly. With that, Mr. Phillips hauled back his
  arm and slammed the paddle across the center of Steffi's butt. Steffi cried
  out in pain and started to stand, but quickly forced herself back down. Again
  the paddle smacked her, and again, and again.  
Tears poured from Steffi's eyes, and it took all
  of her self-control to remain in position. Then came the eleventh blow, harder
  than the previous ten. Her control wavered. On the twelfth spank she stood
  straight up and grabbed her bottom, rubbing furiously. Tears were streaming
  down her face.  
Mr. Phillips sighed. "Get back down, Steffi. We'll
  begin again."  
Miserably, Steffi bent over once more. This time,
  she grabbed the sides of the chair seat, hoping that would help her to remain
  in position. She waited.  
The spanking began again, though mercifully not
  as hard as before. With difficulty Steffi managed to remain bent until it was
  over. After the twentieth spank she started to stand. She was stopped by her
  teacher's hand on her back.  
The teacher said, "You still have the ten extra
  that you agreed to."  
Resigned, Steffi slumped back over the chair. Then
  she heard Mandy say, "Wait, Mr. Phillips. I'll take her extras. I'm the one
  who got her in trouble, after all."  
Mr. Phillips thought for a moment, silently considering
  the fact that Mandy had a plumper, more attractive bottom than Steffi. "Very
  well. You may stand, Steffi. Go back to your place, hands on your head."  
Released, Steffi quickly moved to stand beside
  Mandy and put her hands on her head as instructed. She didn't dare rub her
  burning bottom, as much as she wanted to.  
Mandy stepped forward and bent over the back of
  the chair. When the spanking didn't start immediately she knew that the teacher
  was checking out her butt. Her panties were even skimpier than Steffi's, and
  she could feel the way they rode up and left a lot of her bottom exposed. That
  was fine with her. If Mr. Phillips liked what he saw, then Mandy knew she would
  be able to play him to her own advantage in the future. Forty spanks was a
  small price to pay for that!  
WHAM! The paddle crashed into Mandy's quivering
  bottom, and she gasped in pain. Mr. Phillips spanked hard, but not as hard
  as her father. She wasn't worried about her ability to endure this.  
WHACK! WHAP! POW!  
Mr. Phillips administered the spanking at a steady
  pace, waiting a few seconds after each spank to allow Mandy to relax in preparation
  for the next. He admired her self-control in holding herself in position. He
  also admired the way her bottom jiggled with each blow of the paddle, and the
  way it rapidly turned redder and redder.  
Finally, the spanking was over. "All right, girls,
  I hope you've learned your lesson. I expect both of you to show up for class
  every day from now on."  
"Yes, Sir," both girls mumbled.  
"You may get dressed now. Don't be late for your
  next class!"  
Steffi and Mandy hurriedly dressed and exited Mr.
  Phillips' office in time to join the throng of girls emerging from the locker
  room. Both of their bottoms were smarting, and neither looked forward to having
  to sit through their next class. But they were relieved that their parents
  would never find out that they'd gotten into trouble at school. Neither girl
  wanted another spanking!  
They were safe for today.  
Steffi: 32 spanks  
Chapter Four: So Much For That Idea (Mandy)    
(MFm/f, spanking, teen, serious)   
Mandy was pretty proud of herself. Her butt still
  hurt from the hard spanking she'd gotten from her gym teacher, but she didn't
  really mind. She'd successfully dissuaded Mr. Phillips from reporting her misbehavior
  -skipping gym class - to her parents. Taking advantage of her own, and her
  friend Steffi's, youthful good looks, Mandy had struck a bargain with the teacher.
  The girls took their spankings while stripped down to just their bras and panties,
  offering the lecherous old teacher a chance to leer at their nubile teenage
  bodies. In exchange, the teacher agreed to set aside the rule that required
  all spankings to be reported to the student's parents. Had the spanking been
  reported, Mandy would have just gotten another spanking at home - a spanking
  far more harsh than what Mr. Phillips had administered.  
So the fifteen-year-old was feeling smug as she
  entered her house. She had outsmarted the grownups again! Mandy saw her mother
  in the kitchen. "Hi Mom, I'm home!" she called.  
"Hello, Mandy. How was school?" Mandy's mother,
  Cheryl, was still an attractive woman at forty years old. She'd been an athlete
  in high school and college, and had kept herself in shape in the years since.  
"I had a good day," Mandy replied with a smile
  on her face. "Can I have a Pepsi?"  
"MayI, Mandy. MayI."  
Mandy rolled her eyes. "MayI have a Pepsi?"  
"Yes, you may," Cheryl said with a smile. "And
  then you may run upstairs and change your clothes. Remember you have chores
  to do!"  
"Oh Mom, do I have to do my chores right now? Can't
  I do them after dinner?"  
"Mandy, it will be too dark after dinner for raking
  leaves."  
"Oh, all right." Mandy helped herself to a can
  of Pepsi from the refrigerator and then trotted up the stairs to her room.
  She tossed her backpack on her bed and set her soda on her night-stand, then
  started stripping off her school uniform. Blouse and skirt went into the laundry
  basket, and then she stepped out of her panties. She was going to wear jeans
  to rake leaves, and Mandy liked going pantiless when she wore jeans. It felt
  nice and sexy, and a bit naughty as well.  
"Mandy!"  
Her mother's voice froze Mandy in place. She realized
  she had neglected to close her bedroom door before getting undressed. She turned
  to face her mother.  
"Your bottom is red, young lady!" Cheryl looked
  angry. "Did you get a spanking at school?"  
"Um, yes, Ma'am." Mandy stared at the floor and
  tried to cover her crotch with her hands.  
"Well, what did you do this time? And why didn't
  your teacher call to inform me?"  
"Um, well, I skipped gym class," Mandy replied,
  nervously. She knew there was no sense in lying now. It would only make things
  worse. "And, um, I guess he must have forgotten to report it..."  
"I'm ashamed of you, Mandy! Skipping class? Well,
  get dressed and get to your chores. We'll deal with this when your father gets
  home." Cheryl turned and strode out of the bedroom and continued with her upstairs
  errand.  
Mandy's heart sank. She knew that she was in big
  trouble. When she had to wait until Daddy got home, it always meant she was
  in big trouble. She was mad at herself, too, because her plan would have worked
  if she'd only remembered to close her door! Disgruntled, Mandy pulled on a
  pair of jeans and went outside to rake leaves.  
A few hours later, Mandy waited nervously in her
  room, wondering just how bad her punishment was going to be. Her older brother,
  Rick, was already home from football practice. She hoped...  
Her bedroom door opened and her mother looked in. "Your
  father is home, Mandy. Time to face the music. Come downstairs."  
"Please, Mom, can't I..."  
"Downstairs now, Mandy."  
Resigned, Mandy followed her mother downstairs.
  They walked into the living room, and Mandy saw both her father and brother
  sitting there. Now she knew she was in real trouble. This could only mean one
  thing - a full-family punishment.  
Mandy's father, Aaron, spoke immediately. "Skipping
  class, Mandy? I think you know what that means, so let's not waste time talking
  about it. Undress. Now."  
Mandy blushed a deep red. Naked spankings weren't
  unusual for her, but it was still humiliating to have to strip naked in front
  of her whole family. She knew better than to argue, though, and quickly disrobed.
  Embarrassed, she stood with her hands at her sides, trying not to look at anyone.
  She could feel Rick leering at her, but that didn't bother her as much as Daddy
  seeing her naked. Mandy always wondered whether he was getting his jollies
  seeing her this way, or if it was just the humiliation that interested him.  
"Fetch the paddle and the strap," Aaron instructed.  
"Damn. This is gonna be bad,"Mandy thought as she
  walked to the closet where the punishment implements were kept. She took the
  paddle and strap from their hooks. As she walked back to the center of the
  room, she shot a dirty look at her brother. He'd been staring at her breasts,
  watching the way they jiggled when she walked. Actually, she didn't really
  blame him for looking. Mandy knew that her B-cup boobs were pretty and that
  guys liked them. Daddy could see them too, but he wasn't ogling them like Rick
  was - and she could hardly give Daddy a dirty look anyway. She placed the paddle
  and strap on the coffee table, then waited.  
"This is going to take a while, Mandy," said Aaron. "We'll
  start with a warmup hand spanking. From each of us. Start with your brother."  
With a sigh, Mandy walked across the living room
  to stand in front of Rick. As she was required to do, she said, "I've been
  a bad girl, Rick. I deserve a good spanking. Please warm my bottom." Mandy
  was accustomed to this, but her cheeks still burned with shame. Her embarrassment
  was made even worse because now Rick was staring at her pussy.  
"I agree," Rick said. "So bend over my lap!" He
  was grinning. Rick thoroughly enjoyed these sessions. Resigned, Mandy draped
  herself across her brother's lap.  
In his chair, Mandy's father said, "Go ahead, Rick.
  One hundred spanks."  
Rick didn't waste time, starting the spanking immediately.
  He made his sister yelp by spanking hard. He also spanked very fast. Knowing
  that Mandy's butt was already sore from her school spanking added to Rick's
  enjoyment.  
"Oooooooow! This is just the warmup, Rick," Mandy
  hollered. "You don't have to spank so hard! Ooooweeee!"  
"Oh yes I do!" Rick laughed. "You don't want bruises
  later, do you?"  
"Nooo..." Mandy whimpered.  
"Then I have to get your butt good and hot with
  my hand. You know that!" Rick continued spanking his sister even harder. He

  made sure he covered her entire bottom. It didn't take long to turn her whole
  butt red, because the blush from her school spanking still hadn't faded. "You
  know that if you hadn't skipped class you wouldn't be getting spanked."  
"Oh shut up, Rick," Mandy whined.  
Rick increased the pace of the spanking after being
  told to shut up. He was loving every minute of this, and hurried to deliver
  more spanks. Somehow, he managed to drag the hundred spanks out for almost
  five minutes. He dealt the last smack and said, "Now it's Mom's turn, Mandy!"  
Mandy stood and wiped her eyes. She wasn't crying,
  but her eyes were watering a bit. She wanted to rub her bottom, but it wasn't
  allowed. Stepping in front of her mother she repeated the ritual. "I've been
  a bad girl, Mom. I deserve a good spanking. Please warm my bottom."  
"Yes, you were very bad today!" Cheryl took her
  daughter over her lap and started spanking immediately. She spanked almost
  as hard as Rick, but not as fast. Still she made Mandy yell.  
"Moooooooom! Pleeeease! Not so hard!"  
"Be quiet, Mandy," said Cheryl. "This is only the
  warmup, you know. You've still got a good paddling and strapping coming."  
"I know, Mommy, I knooow!" Mandy whimpered. The
  fifteen-year-old's bottom was already on fire, and she was dreading the rest
  of her punishment. She was very familiar with both the paddle and the strap,
  and was well aware of how much they were going to hurt. Her mother spanked
  her quickly, though to Mandy it seemed to take a long time. And she still had
  to feel her Daddy's hand on her ass.  
Mandy's voice was barely a whisper as she confessed
  her naughtiness to her father, and she looked afraid when she went over his
  lap. As she feared it hurt like hell when Daddy's hand started slapping her
  tender buttocks. He spanked very hard! If he was spanking this hard with his
  hand, Mandy knew the paddle was going to be unbearable. And the strap, too.
  Mandy was soon crying freely.  
"Now it's time for the paddle, Mandy," said Aaron. "Take
  it to your brother."  
Though her bottom was blazing, Mandy was still
  not permitted to rub it. She slowly stood, then stared at the paddle on the
  table for a moment before picking it up. She didn't want to give it to Rick.
  Weeping, she stood in place, just holding the feared paddle.  
"Get moving, Mandy!" her father barked. "If you
  don't get over there right this instant, I'm going to add the riding crop to
  your punishment!"  
Mandy hated and feared the riding crop more than
  any other implement. The mere mention of that horrid tool sent her scurrying
  across the room. She took a deep breath and said to Rick, "I haven't been punished
  nearly enough. I think you should paddle me." Mandy's body shuddered as she
  asked for more punishment. She offered the paddle to her brother.  
Rick accepted the paddle with a big grin, then
  guided his younger sister across his lap once again. "How many, Dad?"  
"I think twenty will be sufficient."  
Mandy breathed a sigh of relief. Twenty wasn't
  as many as she'd been expecting. She winced when she felt Rick start rubbing
  the hard paddle in circles on her butt. Then...  
WHAM!  
"Aaaaaaaaah!" Mandy howled in pain when the paddle
  crashed into her ass. Her legs kicked with each solid blow. The paddle sent
  waves of pain deep into the tissues of her bottom. Despite the warmup hand
  spanking, Mandy feared she would be seriously bruised by the end of this spanking.  
Rick paddled his sister slow, steady, and hard.
  Only allowed twenty spanks, he wanted to drag out the punishment. After each
  blow, he waited for her to relax again before delivering the next. He enjoyed
  making Mandy cry. He was glad he was wearing his baggy jeans today - his parents
  wouldn't notice his raging hard-on. In spite of the fact she was his sister,
  he got off on seeing her naked like this. As far as he was concerned, it wasn't
  his fault that the best-looking girl in school was his little sister! He administered
  the twentieth blow with all his strength, prompting Mandy to let out a loud
  scream, the guided her to her feet, handed her the paddle and pushed her toward
  their mom.  
Mandy didn't fail to notice her brother's hard-on,
  because it was pressing against her belly as she squirmed on his lap. She didn't
  know why he got so turned on when he spanked her. But she didn't call attention
  to the fact as she stood and delivered the paddle to her mother. Over Mom's
  knee she went, still crying hard.  
Again, Cheryl didn't spank as hard as her son did,
  but her paddling technique was still effective. She made Mandy howl and struggle
  by dealing quick, sharp spanks with the paddle. Long before she was finished,
  she had to grab Mandy's hand too stop her attempts to reach back and protect
  her bottom. She soon finished paddling her daughter and sent her on to her
  husband.  
The fifteen-year-old girl was sobbing miserably
  when she handed the paddle to her father and draped herself across his ample
  lap. In spite of her situation, she was immediately aware that Daddy did not
  have a hard-on like Rick did. She was greatly relieved to know that Daddy wasn't
  turned on, and, strangely, that made her paddling from Daddy easier to take.
  Confirmation of her father's non-arousal in her head, Mandy concentrated on
  keeping her hands planted on the floor as the final paddling began.  
"I hope this will teach you a lesson, Mandy. You
  know I don't like to do this." Aaron raised the paddle and brought it crashing
  down on his daughter's well-marked bottom. WHACK! CRACK! WHAM! Aaron was pleased
  to see that Mandy was now taking her spanking very well. She hardly struggled
  at all while the twenty, very hard blows sent ripples across the flesh of her
  butt.  
Something strange was happening to Mandy. It had
  happened once before, but she didn't understand it. Shortly after her father
  started paddling her, she suddenly felt like she wasn't really there. She still
  felt every blow from the paddle, and each blow still hurt like crazy, but she
  was only aware of the pain with a small part of her mind. Sobs wracked her
  body while her mind floated away. For some reason, her whole body felt warm
  and tingly, and she could feel her nipples stiffening. And her pussy was getting
  wet. These facts moved to the forefront of her mind, pushing the pain of her
  spanking to the back.  
Mandy didn't even realize that the paddling had
  ended until she heard her father telling her to stand up. As she slowly stood,
  she remembered she still had a strapping coming to her. Instead of waiting
  to be ordered, she picked up the strap and took it to her brother. "I need
  to be punished more," she said. Then, again without being told, she bent herself
  over the arm of the sofa, assuming her usual position for a strapping. She
  folded her arms under her head on the sofa cushions, and waited.  
She didn't have to wait long. Puzzled by Mandy's
  odd behavior, but not too concerned about it, Rick laid into her with the strap.
  The two-inch-wide leather burned like fire across Mandy's well-prepared ass.
  Oh, how it hurt! The pain was incredible! But the sounds coming from her mouth
  were not entirely cries of pain. Mandy whimpered a disguised protest when the
  strapping from her brother ended after only ten strokes. The break wasn't long
  - her mother took over when her brother finished, administering ten more fiery
  lashes to Mandy's red, swollen bottom.  
The ten strokes from Daddy were the hardest of
  all. When the fifth lash crossed her bottom, Mandy came. She knew what an orgasm
  was, because she masturbated frequently, but this orgasm was more powerful
  than any she'd given to herself. The fifteen-year-old was lost in a sea of
  pain and pleasure. Her cries of joy were mixed with her sobs of agony, so none
  of her family members noticed her actual condition. When Daddy stopped whipping
  her, Mandy just laid there over the arm of the sofa, her body heaving with
  her sobs. She was confused by the conflicting feelings coursing through her
  young body, and she didn't have the strength to get up.  
"Well, Mandy, I hope you've learned something from
  this," Aaron said to his daughter. "Are you going to skip class again?"  
"N-n-no, Daddy, I promise..." Mandy gasped.  
"I hope not. Now that you've taken your punishment,
  we can forget your misbehavior at school. Go on up to your room for the rest
  of the evening. We'll see you in the morning."  
Mandy stood slowly and wiped the tears from her
  eyes, then finally rubbed her bottom. She couldn't believe how hot it felt!
  No longer concerned that she was naked, she gave her father a hug and said, "Ththank
  you, Daddy." Mandy picked up her clothes and walked slowly up the stairs.  
Rick's eyes were glued to his sister's butt as
  she disappeared up the stairs. He looked forward to seeing her naked again.  
Mandy: 390 spanks  
Chapter Five: Study Harder Next Time (Steffi)    
(M/f, spanking, teen, serious, nc)   
Approaching Steffi after school, Mandy noticed
  that her best friend looked distinctly ill at ease. "Hey, what's the matter
  with you, Steff?" she asked cheerfully.  
"It's report card day," Steffi mumbled.  
"No worries here," said Mandy, "I'm pretty sure
  I got all A's and B's!" In spite of her penchant for mischief and poorly-considered
  behavior, Mandy was smart, and a very good student.  
"Lucky you." Steffi's mood was only worsened by
  her friend's cheerfulness.  
"All right, tell me what's wrong. Didn't you get
  good grades?"  
"No. You know I'm not as smart as you, Mandy."  
"What grades do you think you got? They can't be
  that bad!"  
"I'm pretty sure I didn't get any A's or B's like
  you. I wish they didn't mail our report cards to our parents," Steffi whined.
  If they sent it home with me like they did at my old school, at least I could
  try to change it or something."  
"So... you gonna get in trouble?" Mandy asked sympathetically.  
"Well, duh!" Steffi rolled her eyes.  
"What do your parents do when you get bad grades?"  
"Ground me, or something like that." Then, looking
  at Mandy with worry on her face, Steffi whispered, "Oh, god, Mandy! I hope
  they don't decide to spank me! They've been on a spanking kick lately and..."  
"Pfff! They wouldn't really spank you for bad grades,
  would they? I mean, bad grades aren't exactly bad behavior. You can't help
  it if you're not smart!" Realizing what she'd just said, Mandy blushed and
  hurriedly said, "I don't mean you're not smart! I just mean that, well, some
  people just aren't good at things like tests and all that. Shit, Steffi, they
  wouldn't spank you for not being good at tests!"  
"I don't know." Steffi looked miserable. "You don't
  know how they've been lately. I think they like spanking me."  
"No way! Nobody *likes* to spank their kids!"  
"Yeah, you're probably right." Steffi sighed. "Well,
  guess I'll just go  
home and
  face the music. See you on Monday." "Okay. Good luck!"  
Steffi didn't live far from the school, so she
  walked home as always. This time, she walked more slowly than usual. She knew
  her mom would be home, and would already have gotten the report card in the
  mail. So it was with great reluctance that she opened the front door and went
  into her house.  
Not surprisingly, Steffi's mother was waiting for
  her in the living room. "How was school today, Steffi?"  
"Okay..."  
"Care to explain this?" Gail held up Steffi's report
  card. "Didn't we tell you we expect you to get better grades, now that you're
  attending a good private school?"  
Steffi's eyes were downcast as she answered, "Yes...
  I'm sorry, Mom."  
"I'm sure you are, Steffani." Gail sighed. "I have
  to go out, because I have things to do, and I won't be home until late. I've
  already called your father. He will decide how to deal with this when he gets
  home. Until he gets home, you're confined to the house." She dropped the report
  card onto the coffee table, picked up her purse, and left.  
Steffi trudged slowly to her room.  
Two hours later, Steffi's bedroom door opened. "Be
  downstairs in five minutes, Steffani." her father said, and disappeared back
  down the stairs.  
Feeling much trepidation, Steffi slowly made her
  way downstairs, still wearing her school uniform. Being called downstairs like
  this confirmed to her that she was going to get spanked. She hoped it wouldn't
  be too bad! She stood nervously in front of her father's chair, staring at
  the carpet, awaiting her sentence.  
"I'm very disappointed in you, Steffani," Jacob
  said. "After your poor grades last year, your mother and I really thought that
  the change to a better school would result in an improvement in your grades.
  But no, I still see this kind of crap!" He shook the report card at her, then
  read it to her. "American History - C! English - D! Science - D! Art - B. Well,
  that's something anyway. Physical Education - D! How in hell do you get a D
  in gym class? Basic Math - F! A goddam F in math!"  
Jacob angrily threw the accusing report card down
  on the table beside his chair and stood up. "I'm sure you remember that I told
  you I wasn't going to tolerate poor grades this year?"  
"Y... yes, Daddy..." Tears appeared at the corners
  of Steffi's eyes.  
"I see I'm going to have to blister your ass. I'm
  not paying good money for a private school just so you can screw off and forget
  your schoolwork!"  
"Pleeeeease don't spank meeeee! Daddy, I try! I
  really do!" Steffi blubbered.  
"Bullshit!" Jacob shouted, making his daughter
  flinch. "If you were trying, then you'd be getting better grades!" Grabbing
  Steffi's shoulders he shook her roughly and continued, "It's obvious that poor
  studying is the cause of your lousy grades in some of those classes, but I
  really don't understand that D in gym class! It's not like you're out of shape
  and can't do the exercises!! Explain that to me. I really don't understand."  
Now crying openly, Steffi blurted, "I won't shower
  with the other girls. It's too embarrassing! They... they mark me down for
  that."  
"Oh for Christ's sake, Steffani! They're girls!
  Why the hell should you be embarrassed if they see you naked?" Jacob was beside
  himself. "All right. Let's take care of your ridiculous modesty." He sat back
  down and pulled his startled daughter over his knee.  
"No, Daddy, no!" Steffi squealed.  
"Shut up! You're gonna get it good this time!" Jacob
  flipped Steffi's skirt up, and then, to her utter shock he yanked her white
  cotton panties down to her knees.  
"Daddy, what are you doing?" Steffi gasped.  
"A bare-bottom spanking is the best way to get
  the point across, young lady," Jacob replied, "and so that's what you're going
  to get!"  
Steffi cried louder. "No, no, no..."  
For an answer, Jacob started spanking his daughter.
  His open palm cracked loudly against Steffi's smooth flesh, causing Steffi
  to howl with pain and humiliation. The young teen was utterly mortified to
  have her daddy spanking her bare butt, like she was a little girl!  
"I hope this teaches you a lesson, Steffani," Jacob
  growled as his hand rained fire on her firm young bottom. He spanked hard and
  fast, mostly alternating the blows between her cheeks but sometimes administering
  a long series of consecutive spanks to one cheek or the other. Steffi's pert
  bottom was quickly glowing a bright red all over and burning horribly.  
Steffi's legs kicked frantically and she kept trying
  to reach back to protect her bottom, until her father finally had to use his
  non-spanking hand to firmly hold her wrists behind her back. She still kicked
  and wailed in misery as the spank total continued past the one hundred mark. "Please
  stop! Please stop!" she screamed. But the hand-spanking went on and on until
  all Steffi could do was lie there and take it. The punishment finally ended
  after two hundred and fifty hard smacks.  
Jacob guided his weeping daughter to her feet,
  and she immediately tried to pull her panties up. He grabbed her wrist and
  said, "Oh no you don't!"  
"But you're done spanki..."  
"Oh, I've just gotten started, girl! That spanking
  was just for the C you got in History. There are still three D's and an F to
  take care of!"  
Oh god, oh god!Steffi thought, panicking. If that
  was just for the C, what's he gonna do for the D's and F? She soon found out.  
"And to help you overcome your little modesty problem
  in front of the other girls at school," Jacob said ominously, "you're going
  to take off that skirt and that blouse!"  
Steffi gasped, unable to believe what she just
  heard. "What? But Daddy..."  
"I suggest you get your clothes off right now,
  Steffi, or you're going to get it even worse!"  
"But, why?"  
"Simple. Once I've seen you without your clothes,
  showering with the other girls won't be so embarrassing," responded Jacob. "Now,
  strip! Before I decide you need more punishment than you've already got coming!"  
Horrified and humiliated, but afraid to refuse
  any further, Steffi obeyed. She reluctantly unbuttoned her blouse, then took
  it off and dropped it on the floor. That exposed the lacy pushup bra that she
  now wished she hadn't selected that morning. She liked the way it lifted and
  enhanced her small breasts, because she thought it made her look a bit older.
  But now she just felt ridiculous wearing it in front of her father like this.  
"Now your skirt," Jacob instructed.  
Steffi suddenly realized that, with her panties
  around her knees, removing her skirt would leave her completely exposed...
  down there. Desperately she begged her father, "Please don't make me take my
  skirt off, Daddy! You'll see my..."  
"One more argument from you, Steffani, and I'm
  going to paddle you every day for the next week!" Jacob was growing angrier
  by the second.  
Sobbing wretchedly, Steffi finally unfastened her
  pleated skirt and let it drop to the floor. Blushing furiously, she moved to
  cover her privates with her hands. Her father put a stop to that.  
Standing, Jacob said, "Now go to the desk and fetch
  the paddle."  
With a queasy feeling in the pit of her stomach,
  Steffi walked slowly across the room, knowing that Daddy was watching her every
  move. Daddy was watching her nearly naked body. At least he'd allowed her to
  keep her bra on. She retrieved the paddle from its place in a desk drawer,
  and walked even more slowly back across the room where her angry father took
  the paddle from her. Steffi didn't like the way Daddy was looking at her.  
Jacob could feel his heart pounding as he gazed
  at his mostly bare daughter. He was astonished by the sight. Until now he hadn't
  realized just how quickly his little girl was growing up. She was only fourteen,
  but she had a beautiful body. Just like her mother had back when Jacob and
  Gail started dating back in their own high school days. He was reminded of
  the first time he'd reached third base on a date. He was seventeen, Gail was
  fifteen, and he'd finally sweet-talked her into taking all of her clothes off.
  Gail had a figure just like Steffi had now. Jacob remembered the thrill of
  seeing a girl naked for the first time, and how he had eagerly played with
  Gail's titties and her butt and her pussy for the first time. And he remembered
  how a few dates later, he'd hit a home run in the back seat of his parent's
  car...  
Jacob shook his head and brought his mind back
  to his present duties. "All right, Steffani. Let's deal with your D grades." He
  pushed an ottoman in front of his recliner. "I want you to put your feet on
  either side of the ottoman, then bend over and place your hands on the seat
  of the chair."  
Steffi nervously did as she was told. She straddled
  the footstool and bent over. A draft between her legs reminded Steffi that
  her legs were wide open, and that she was now very exposed. Daddy could see
  all of her secrets. Her face burned with shame, and she had never felt so helpless
  or embarrassed in her young life.  
"This is for your D in English, Steffi." Jacob
  drew his arm back and then slammed the hard paddle across the center of Steffi's
  quivering buttocks. Steffi screamed in pain as the paddle struck her poor bottom
  again and again and again. The room was filled with the sound of wood striking
  tender flesh, Jacob's grunting with each blow, and Steffi's miserable sobs
  and squeals.  
Over and over Jacob pounded his young teenage daughter's
  bottom with the paddle. He stopped after twenty solid wallops. "That was for
  your English grade. Now for your Science grade!" As his daughter howled piteously
  Jacob resumed paddling her. Twenty more blows settled the score for her poor
  performance in Science. Steffi's bottom was showing clear signs of heavy bruising,
  but that didn't stop Jacob from hammering her ass twenty more times as punishment
  for her P.E. grade.  
Jacob was breathing heavily from the exertion of
  administering such a long, hard spanking. Steffi was sobbing into the chair's
  seat cushion, having collapsed to her knees. She gingerly rubbed her bottom
  with both hands. Jacob let her stay there for a few minutes. She was so pitiful
  that Jacob almost relented and decided to forego the rest of her punishment.  
But then he decided that if Steffani was going
  to learn her lesson, she needed to suffer the full penalty for her poor school
  performance. But not yet. She needed a break. "Stand up, Steffani," he said.  
Steffi slowly and painfully got to her feet, then
  turned to face her father. Her face was red and streaked with tears and her
  chest heaved with sobs.  
Her hands instinctively moved to cover her crotch, and her father
  didn't forbid it.  
"Do you understand why I'm spanking you, Steffi?" Jacob
  asked.  
"Y-y-yes, Daddy. You want me to get better grades," Steffi
  blubbered.  
"That's right," said Jacob. "Now, I'm going to
  let you take a break. Then we'll deal with that F you got in math."  
"P-please, Daddy, don't spank me more," Steffi
  pleaded, "My butt hurts so bad! I can't take any more!"  
"You're going to have to take the rest of your
  punishment. But for right now, you're just going to stand in the corner and
  think about how you're going to improve your grades." He marched his daughter
  to the corner of the room and put her there facing the junction of two walls. "Stay
  there. And don't let me catch you rubbing your bottom!"  
For thirty minutes, Steffi stared at the wall.
  She couldn't concentrate on improving her grades. She knew she tried hard -
  she really did. But she still didn't do very well in school. Steffi didn't
  know what she was going to do. She only knew that her bottom really hurt, and
  she was worried about what the rest of her punishment would be.  
"Let's finish this, Steffani," Jacob said. "Come
  over here."  
Steffi turned and walked to the center of the room
  where her father stood. She saw the belt in his hand. Stomach fluttering, she
  waited.  
"Take off your bra."  
The look on her daddy's face told Steffi that she'd
  better not argue. Her face burned as she reluctantly stripped off her bra and
  dropped it on the floor. Her humiliation was complete.  
"Now put your hands behind your head."  
Steffi had no choice to obey. Her hands went behind
  her head, and her fingers interlocked. The position made her breasts stick
  out. A few tears trickled down her cheeks.  
"Well, Steffani, I'll bet this is really embarrassing
  for you," Jacob said.  
In reply, Steffi nodded her head emphatically.  
"Good. I'll bet it's a lot more embarrassing than
  showering naked in front of other girls," Jacob continued. Steffi nodded again. "I
  thought so. So are you going to have any more trouble showering after gym class?"  
Steffi shook her head "no".  
"Good. Now, it's time for you to pay for that F
  you got in math. C's and D's are bad enough, Steffani, but F's are completely
  unacceptable! You will stand where you are and take the punishment for that
  F."  
Jacob stepped back and held the doubled belt in
  his right hand. He used it to whip his daughter. He whipped slowly, allowing
  Steffi to catch her breath between strokes. Steffi's knees buckled more than
  once, but she remained on her feet through all thirty lashes.  
Once the punishment was over, Jacob dropped his
  harsh demeanor. He took his weeping daughter in his arms and comforted her
  while she soaked his shirt with her tears. Steffi momentarily forgot her nakedness,
  so relieved was she that the punishment was finally over, and clung desperately
  to her father.  
"I'm sorry I had to punish you so harshly, Steff.
  I hope you've learned your lesson, and I hope you'll try to do better in school," Jacob
  said soothingly. He wasn't entirely unaware of the sensation of Steffi's small,
  firm breasts pressing against his chest.  
"I'll do better, Daddy, I promise," Steffi cried.  
"Good, good." Jacob patted Steffi on the back and
  kissed the top of her head. "Now, you'd better put some clothes on!"  
Suddenly remembering her nakedness, Steffi snatched
  up her clothes and ran to her bedroom. There, she collapsed face-down on her
  bed. She stayed there the rest of the evening, until she finally fell asleep.  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
The next morning, Steffi came down the stairs,
  dressed for another day of school. Her bottom still hurt terribly, so she sat
  very gingerly while she ate breakfast with her mother. They didn't speak much,
  until Steffi was just about ready to leave for school.  
"Your father said he gave you a pretty good spanking
  yesterday," said Gail. "Have you learned your lesson?"  
"Yeah." Steffi stared at her empty cereal bowl.
  She stirred the milk around in her bowl and considered what she wanted to say
  next. What  
Daddy had done, aside from the spanking, had been bothering her. "Mom?"  
"Hmmm?"  
"Um, Daddy made me take all my clothes off," Steffi
  blurted out.  
"Oh?" Gail feigned surprise.  
"Yeah. It was really embarrassing! He shouldn't
  have done that! He saw  
me naked!"  
Of course, Jacob had told Gail about it. "He told
  me all about it, Steff." He had told Gail everything, in detail. And late last
  night, the two of them had gone out to Jacob's car and had the best sex they'd
  had in a long time, in the back seat. But Gail didn't feel the need to tell
  Steffi about that.  
"Did you tell him not to do that again? I didn't
  like it! I mean, I guess maybe I deserved to get spanked, but I didn't deserve
  the rest of it!"  
"Steffi," Gail said with a scowl, "are you criticizing
  your father? Do you  
think you know better than he does?"  
"Well, um, no, but..."  
"Stand up, Steffani."  
"Wha..."  
"Stand up!" Gail stood and opened a drawer and
  took out her wooden  
spoon. "Come over here!"  
"Mom, no, please!"  
Gail hauled Steffi out of her chair, then sat down
  and pulled her across  
her lap. "Don't you ever criticize your father!"  
"No Mommy! Please don't! No! Don't..."  
"I'll teach you to talk about Daddy like that!" Gail
  yanked Steffi's skirt up,  
and her panties down, then went to town on her badly bruised bottom.  
Steffi shrieked and screamed and struggled. "It hurts
  Mommy! It hurts!"  
"It had damn well better hurt!" Gail didn't let up
  until she'd smacked her screeching daughter's poor ass thirty times with
  the spoon. "Don't everlet me hear you criticizing your father again!"  
Gail pulled Steffi's panties back up guided her
  to her feet. "Now you'd better get to school. And remember that we expect to
  see an improvement in your grades!"  
Steffi walked to school very slowly, because her
  bottom hurt so bad and because it took her a long time to stop crying. She
  was late to school, which didn't impress her first period teacher. The walk
  to the Principal's office was a long one.  
Steffi: 370 spanks  
Chapter Six: Cheating (Mandy &amp; Steffi)    
(M/f, spanking, nc; f/f, spanking, reluctant;
    f/f, spanking, cons)   
The last bell of the day finally rang. Mandy and
  Steffi started out of their desks along with the rest of the girls, and headed
  toward the door. Both girls were happy with the "B" grades they had gotten
  on yesterday's Math test, the first test of the Winter term. They stopped at
  the sound of their Math teacher's voice.  
"Oh, Steffi, Mandy... I need to speak with you
  for a moment."  
The two friends froze, then slowly turned to face
  Mr. Jackson. They could hear some of the other girls giggling at them and making
  suggestions about why they were being kept after class.  
"Yes, Mr. Jackson?" Mandy said.  
"Close the door, then come sit down at your desks,
  girls. We need to talk about yesterday's tests."  
"Wh-what about them?" Mandy asked, nervously as
  she and Steffi returned to their seats.  
"While I was grading these your test papers, I
  was pleased to see that you'd both done well." Mr. Jackson placed the graded
  test papers in front of each girl. "But then I noticed something odd. At first,
  I thought it was merely a coincidence that your scores were identical. But
  upon further inspection, I discovered that your test papers were identical.
  Right down to the exact same wrong answers." He looked from one girl to the
  other.  
Mandy and Steffi just stared nervously up at the
  tall man.  
"When I saw that, and then considered the fact
  that the two of you are best friends and sit next to each other, I could only
  reach one conclusion. Cheating. One of you copied the other's answers. The
  only question I have, then, is this: who copied whose answers?" Mr. Jackson
  folded his arms across his chest and glared sternly at the students.  
Both girls stared nervously at their desks and
  squirmed nervously in their seats. Neither wanted to confess, but neither girl
  wanted to incriminate the other.  
"I'm waiting, ladies," Mr. Jackson said, tapping
  his foot.  
A few moment of silence passed, and them Mandy
  finally mumbled, "It was me."  
Steffi shot Mandy a brief, surprised look. She
  caught Mandy sending a surreptitious glance that conveyed the message, Don't
  say anything!  
Mr. Jackson looked from one girl to the other.
  He was actually a bit surprised by Mandy's confession. He remembered her from
  last year's classes, and knew that she was a bright student who didn't have
  trouble with math. Steffi was less familiar to him, as she had only been his
  student for two weeks, but he had heard that she was not a math whiz. "Are
  you telling the truth, Mandy?"  
"Y-yes, Sir," Mandy said, softly.  
"Did Steffi allow you to look at her answers?"  
"No, Sir. She... she didn't know I was doing it."  
"Well. I have to confess that I'm puzzled, Mandy,
  as to why you felt the need to cheat. If I recall correctly, your poor grades
  last year, which along with your absenteeism and behavior resulted in the need
  for you to repeat your freshman year, were mostly the result of simply not
  handing in your work. The work you didhand in was good."  
"I just didn't study this time, Mr. Jackson."  
"And so you felt it would be a good idea to cheat.
  Do you still think it was a good idea?"  
"No."  
"Steffi," Mr. Jackson said, switching his attention
  to the younger girl, "Are you sure you didn't know Mandy was looking at your
  answers?"  
Steffi glanced at Mandy, then answered, "I... I
  didn't know, Mr. Jackson. Honest!"  
Mr. Jackson wasn't convinced, but he had a confession
  from Mandy. In the absence of any other evidence, he had little choice but
  to accept that confession. "Very well. You may go now, Steffi."  
Relieved, but worried about Mandy, Steffi got up
  and left the classroom. She closed the door behind her, but didn't go far.
  Next to the door, she waited. She hoped Mandy wouldn't get in too much trouble.  
"All right, Mandy, I'm sure you know that cheating
  is a serious offense, and calls for a stiff punishment," Mr. Jackson said,
  stepping behind his own desk.  
"Yes, Sir, I do." Mandy could feel her heart pounding
  in her chest.  
"Are you ready to accept that punishment?"  
"Yes, Sir."  
"Good. If my memory serves me correctly, you're
  familiar with the position. Please assume it."  
Groaning inwardly, Mandy got up and walked in front
  of her desk. She could hear her teacher's desk drawer opening as she turned
  and bent herself across her desk. She placed her hands, palms down, on the
  seat of her chair, and waited.  
"The standard penalty for cheating on a test is
  thirty strokes. I'll give you a choice. Would you like to take all thirty with
  the paddle, or the strap? Or perhaps half with each?" It made little difference
  to Mr. Jackson which implement Mandy chose. Each inflicted a similar amount
  of pain; the difference was in the type of pain - the paddle caused deep, throbbing
  pain, while the strap ignited an intense burning.  
"The strap," Mandy answered immediately. She knew
  she could endure the pain, but she didn't care for the bruising the paddle
  caused. If her parents found out about this, she'd get it again, and she'd
  learned that the second spanking was more bearable if she wasn't already bruised
  by the first spanking.  
"Very well. Shall we do this in the usual manner?"  
"Yes, Sir." The 'usual manner' in this case was
  to take the punishment on her bare bottom. Normally, male teachers were not
  allowed to administer bare-bottom spankings to the girls. But during the previous
  school year, Mr. Jackson had had a number of opportunities to spank Mandy,
  and they had come to an unspoken agreement. If Mandy took her punishment bare-bottomed,
  then Mr. Jackson would not inform her parents. Mandy knew that the difference
  in pain intensity between bare-bottomed and panty-covered spankings was insignificant,
  and she wasn't shy about men seeing her butt.  
Mr. Jackson lifted Mandy's pleated skirt and tucked
  the hem into the waistband. Then he hooked his thumbs into the waistband of
  her white panties and tugged them down. He left them just below her bottom,
  so that her privates remained hidden.  
Then the strap was in his hand. The strap was a
  Scottish-style punishment strap. It was about twenty-four inches long, including
  the handle, and one and a half inches wide. The leather was not thick, but
  it was somewhat stiff.  
"Let's begin." Mr. Jackson stepped to one side,
  and aimed the strap. His arm went back, and then forward, and the strap cracked
  across the very center of Mandy's firm white buttocks. It left a brilliant
  red stripe on her skin, but coaxed only a grunt and slight jerk from Mandy.  
Several seconds were allowed for Mandy to relax
  and prepare for the next stroke. The second lash connected just below the first;
  the third just above the first. Each stroke was followed by a few seconds of
  recovery time.  
Mandy was taking her punishment well, being quite
  accustomed to that kind of pain. School spankings were generally less severe
  than the ones she got at home. Still, before the whipping was halfway over
  her reactions to the strokes were becoming more dramatic. Her grunts and gasps
  turned into cries and yelps. By the twentieth stroke she was crying. One disadvantage
  to leaving her privates covered by her panties during a bare-bottom spanking
  was that it left less area available to be struck. The panties, bunched across
  her sit spot, would absorb most of the impact of any strokes delivered there,
  making the stroke ineffective. So all of the strokes had to be concentrated
  into a smaller area.  
The strapping finally ended, but Mandy remained
  bent over for several minutes, waiting for her crying to subside, and rubbing
  her burning butt with her hands. Mr. Jackson eventually tugged her panties
  back up, making her gasp and wince at the contact with her well-whipped ass,
  and lowered her skirt.  
"You may go, Mandy. I hope you've learned your
  lesson. I expect to see no more cheating in my classroom."  
"Yes, Sir. Thank you." Mandy gathered her books
  and left the room.  
Steffi was waiting for Mandy when she emerged,
  red-faced, from the classroom. She had heard, through the closed door, the
  sounds of the strap striking Mandy's bottom, and Mandy's cries of pain.  
"Mandy! Are you okay? What did
  he do?" Steffi blurted out.  
"He gave me thirty with the strap.
  No big deal," Mandy replied, feigning indifference.  
"Oh, I'm so sorry, Mandy! I didn't
  mean for you to get in trouble!" Steffi cried.  
"Shhh!" Mandy said, pulling Steffi
  away from the classroom door. "Don't let him hear you," she whispered.  
"Oh, yeah." Steffi was feeling
  guilty. "Why... why did you say you were the one who cheated?"  
"Hey, that's what friends are
  for," Mandy said, smiling and putting an arm around Steffi's shoulders. "I
  figured I could take it better than you."  
Steffi still felt guilty. "I'll
  make it up to you, Mandy. I promise!"  
"Well of course you will," Mandy
  said, "And sooner than you think!" She gave Steffi a mischievous grin.  
"What do you mean?"  
"You'll see. You're still coming
  over to my house, right?"  
"Yeah. My mom said it was okay."  
"Cool! You can make it up to me
  when we get there."  
Steffi was still wondering what
  Mandy meant when they arrived at Mandy's house. Nobody else was there when
  they went inside.  
"Go ahead and go up to my room.
  I'll be up in just a minute," Mandy said.  
"Okay." Steffi trotted up the
  stairs and down the hall to Mandy's room. She dropped her book bag on the floor
  and sat on the bed.  
Two minutes later, Mandy came
  in the room, with her hands behind her back. "Are you ready to make it up to
  me?" she asked.  
"Okay, I guess so. What do you
  want me to do?" Steffi looked uncertainly at her friend.  
"Since I took a spanking for you, now I get to
  spank you!" Mandy said. She brought out her hands from behind her back and
  showed Steffi the small paddle she held in one hand and the belt she held in
  the other.  
"No!" Steffi cried out immediately.  
Mandy gave her friend a hurt look. "I thought you
  were my friend, Steffi. I thought you wanted to make it up to me." She turned
  as if she was going to leave the room, saying, "If you just want to take advantage
  of the way I bailed you out, that's fine." Turning to look at Steffi again,
  she said, "I'll just tell Mr. Jackson the truth tomorrow."  
"Wait!" Steffi cried. "If... if you tell Mr. Jackson,
  he'll spank me, and then he'll tell my parents, right?"  
"That's right. I wasn't going to spank you as hard
  as he would. But if you'd rather..."  
"No! I'll... I'll let you. I'll let you spank me." Steffi
  was already starting to cry, more upset about hurting her friend's feelings
  than she was about getting spanked herself.  
"Do you mean it?" Mandy asked.  
"Yes! You can even spank me as hard as Mr. Jackson
  spanked you!"  
"Okay." Mandy sat on the bed beside Steffi. "Since
  we're friends, I'll spank you over my knee. That's how friends should do it." Mandy
  guided the nervous Steffi across her lap and lifted her skirt, then started
  to tug her panties down.  
"Not bare!" Steffi protested.  
"Steffi, it hasto be bare!" Mandy said, sounding
  a bit exasperated. "That's the best way to get a spanking. Besides, Mr. Jackson
  spanked my bare ass."  
"But... I didn't think guy teachers could do that."  
"Well, they really aren't supposed to. But remember
  that deal we made with Mr. Phillips, when he caught us skipping gym class?"  
"Yeah..."  
"I have the same kind of deal with Mr. Jackson.
  We didn't actually talk about it. It just worked out that way."  
"How did that happen?" Steffi asked, curious.  
"I always get spanked bare-ass at home, so the
  first time Mr. Jackson spanked me, I automatically pulled my panties down.
  He was the first guy teacher to ever spank me, and I didn't know they weren't
  supposed to do it that way." Mandy started rubbing Steffi's butt. "He asked
  me why I pulled my panties down, and I told him. He just said, 'If you prefer.'
  He pulled them back up to cover my pussy, though, 'cause I'd pulled them down
  to my knees. Said he didn't need to see that." Both girls giggled at that last
  bit.  
"Then he just spanked me. He didn't say anything
  else. When I got home that day, I expected to get another spanking from my
  dad because of it. But he never said anything about it. A few weeks later it
  happened again, and my dad still didn't spank me at home. So I figured out
  that Mr. Jackson wasn't telling him. After that, I always let him spank my
  bare butt."  
"Aren't you embarrassed?" Steffi asked.  
"No, I'm used to getting spanked that way. Now,
  are you ready for your spanking?" Mandy was eager to spank her friend.  
"I guess so," Steffi replied.  
"Then here we go!" Mandy said. She picked up the
  paddle and smacked Steffi's ass with it. Hard.  
"OOOOW!" Steffi hollered. "Mandy, that really hurt!"  
"Well, DUH!" Mandy answered her. She smacked Steffi's
  butt again, and again, and again.  
"Oweee! Ouch! It hurts! Hurts!" Steffi squealed.
  Mandy was spanking her really hard! She tried to reach back to protect her
  butt, but Mandy caught her wrist.  
"Oh no you don't! You're getting as many as I got!"  
Steffi whimpered, but settled down. "I can take
  it," she thought to herself.  
Mandy stopped paddling Steffi after fifteen smacks. "Okay,
  stand up. I'll give you the rest with the belt."  
Both girls stood, Steffi crying and rubbing her
  butt vigorously. Mandy directed Steffi to bend over at the waist and rest her
  hands on the bed.  
Then Mandy picked up the belt.  
Mandy had to raise Steffi's skirt out of the way,
  and she tucked it into the waistband just like Mr. Jackson had done. "Okay,
  fifteen more, Steffi."  
The belt crossed the center of Steffi's well-paddled
  butt. Steffi shrieked and stood straight up, grabbing her ass. "Oooooooow!" she
  wailed. In a moment she regained control and reluctantly bent over again. "Please,
  not so hard, Mandy!"  
"You said I could spank you just as hard as Mr.
  Jackson, Steffi." Mandy drew back her arm and whipped Steffi again, just as
  hard as before. And again, Steffi stood up and grabbed her butt. "Steffi, this
  is going to take all day if you keep standing up like that!" She pushed Steffi
  back down into position. "Try to stay down, okay?"  
"O-o-okay..." Steffi whimpered.  
Steffi forced herself to remain in position while
  Mandy whipped her ass thirteen more times, but she wailed in pain through the
  whole spanking. When it was over, she collapsed, face down, onto the bed. She
  was sobbing loudly.  
Watching her friend crying and rubbing her hot
  bottom, Mandy felt a pang of remorse. She realized that Steffi couldn't handle
  a spanking as well as she could. She had been too interested in finding out
  what it would be like to give a spanking, and hadn't thought about Steffi's
  feelings.  
Mandy laid down next to Steffi and stroked her
  hair. "I'm sorry, Steff..."  
"That really fucking hurt, Mandy!" Steffi shot
  back.  
"I know. I'm sorry. I guess I shouldn't have done
  that to you." Mandy thought for a moment and said, "Why don't you spank me?
  Then we'll really be even."  
Steffi turned her face toward Mandy. "What?"  
"Spank me. I... deserve it."  
"No, Mandy, I don't want to do..."  
"I mean it, Steff! I'm going to feel terrible if
  you don't. Please?"  
"Are you sure?" Steffi was considering the idea.  
"Yes. Spank me, and then we'll both feel better."  
"Well... okay."  
"Here, I'll lie down on the bed so you don't have
  to sit down right away." As Steffi stood up, Mandy prostrated herself face
  down on the bed. She reached back to flip her skirt up. "Now, pull my panties
  down, and use the belt."  
Steffi dragged Mandy's white cotton panties down
  her legs. She gasped when she saw Mandy's butt, and wondered if her own looked
  the same. "Mandy, your butt is already sore!"  
"That's okay. Just do it," Mandy begged.  
Steffi raised her arm and brought the belt down
  on her friend's butt. Mandy flinched at the contact, but the pain was only
  from the contact with her already-spanked cheeks, not from the stroke itself.  
"Harder, Steffi. I didn't feel that at all."  
"But..."  
"As hard as you can, Steff!"  
Steffi took a deep breath and whipped Mandy again,
  but much harder than the first time. Mandy gasped and jumped.  
"That's better. Whip me thirty times."  
Steffi tearfully forced herself to whip Mandy again
  and again and again. She didn't notice when Mandy slipped a hand under herself.  
Mandy's fingers located her clitoris and started
  rubbing it. She didn't want Steffi to know how much this spanking was turning
  her on, so she rubbed gently. She came while Steffi was still whipping her,
  but her orgasm was disguised by her cries of pain. Her moans mixed with her
  sobs.  
In a moment, Mandy stood up. She hugged Steffi
  and said, "Thanks, Steff. Now we're even for real. Just then, Mandy heard something.  
"Shit! Rick's home! Put your underwear back on!" Mandy
  quickly pulled her panties up. Steffi found her's on the floor, and put them
  back on as fast as Mandy had. Both girls winced as the cotton dragged across
  their well-spanked butts.  
They arrived downstairs just as Mandy's older brother,
  Rick, was coming in the front door. The tall, handsome young man smiled at
  Steffi.  
"Hi, Rick," Steffi said, shyly. She'd had
    a crush on him for about a year. 
"Hi, Steffi," Rick said, looking Steffi up and down. 
"Steffi was just visiting for a few minutes," Mandy said. 
"Yeah. I've got to get home for dinner, though. I'll see you guys later!"  
    
Steffi left by the front door, surreptitiously rubbing her sore bottom
  through her skirt as she headed in the direction of home.  
Mandy smiled. "That was fun," she thought to herself.
  But then she looked at Rick...  
Steffi: 30 spanks Mandy: 60 spanks  
Chapter Seven: Sibling Rivalry (Mandy)    
(m/f, incest, spanking, breast whipping, cons)   
Mandy looked at her brother, Rick, who was gazing
  out the window watching as Steffi disappeared down the sidewalk. She knew that
  Steffi had a crush on her brother, and she suspected that Rick was interested
  in Steffi, too. But that's not what was foremost in her mind. Rick hadn't said
  anything yet, but she knew she was going to be in trouble, in one form or another.  
Rick turned to his younger sister once Steffi was
  out of sight. He could tell by the look on her face that she knew what he was
  thinking. With a smirk on his face, he said, "Having friends over when Mom
  and Dad aren't here?"  
"Oh, shut up, Rick," Mandy huffed.  
"You know the rules, Mandy. And you know I have
  to tell Mom and Dad." He grinned when he said the next words. "And you're gonna
  get a whipping!"  
"Rick! Please, don't tell them! You know how bad
  I'll get it!" Mandy pleaded with her seventeen-year-old brother.  
"Oh, you don't want me to tell them?" Rick teased. "Hmmm.
  I suppose I could be convinced to keep my mouth shut. Like, if I were to punish
  you myself..."  
"I'll let you!" Mandy blurted. "Just don't tell
  them! Please?" Rick had spanked her plenty of times anyway, and even though
  he spanked hard, it wouldn't be as bad as what Daddy would do.  
"I'll want to punish you naked, of course."  
Of course, thought Mandy.  
"Go ahead and take off your clothes now."  
Mandy shrugged and got undressed. She folded her
  clothes neatly and held the bundle in her hands while Rick leered at her. The
  room was a bit chilly, and Mandy could feel her nipples hardening. She knew
  Rick noticed, too.  
"All right, let's go upstairs and get started." Rick
  motioned toward the stairs. He noticed the marks on his sister's butt as soon
  as she turned around. "Holy shit, Mandy! What happened to your ass?"  
"I got a spanking, moron," Mandy shot back.  
"Well no shit," Rick replied. "I mean what for?"  
"I let Steffi copy my math test the other day.
  She copied every answer exactly, so naturally we got caught. I took the blame
  and said that Icopied her.So Mr. Jackson strapped me."  
"Shit. Mandy, they can't spank you that bad at
  school!"  
"Well, um, I got two spankings today."  
"You were dumb enough to get in trouble twice?" Rick
  couldn't believe  
it.  
"I'm not that stupid, Rick."  
"Then what..."  
"Then I brought Steffi home and spanked her. You
  know, to even things  
up. But she cried so hard that I just ended up feeling guilty. So...
  I let her spank me."  
"Damn. I wish I'd been here to see that!"  
"I'll bet you do!" Mandy laughed.  
"Yup. Okay, upstairs." Rick shooed Mandy up the
  stairs, and let her lead the way to his bedroom. There, he sat on his bed and
  directed her to bend over his lap. "I have to tell you that Mr. Jackson and
  Steffi did a good job here." He rubbed Mandy's butt, feeling the heat and the
  raised welts.  
"You're telling me," Mandy said with a wince.  
"Well, you're still getting it from me." Rick delivered
  a hard hand spank to Mandy's right buttock.  
"Eeeeeyoooow!" Mandy squealed. Her legs kicked
  violently as her body shook with pain.  
Rick slapped Mandy's ass a few more times, with
  similar results. He stopped and said, "You know, if I spank you too much, you're
  gonna have a real hard time sitting. Mom and Dad will notice for sure!"  
"Then don't spank me and don't tell them!" Mandy
  responded.  
"Oh, no, you're not getting off that easy!" Rick
  thought for a moment, then said, "There's something else I've been wanting
  to try. Get up." The spanking ended at ten swats.  
Wondering what Rick was up to, Mandy laid down
  on her back on the bed as he directed her, with her arms at her sides. She
  was surprised when Rick straddled her waist, pinning her arms to her side.
  She didn't object when he started rubbing her boobs and pinching her nipples.
  He'd done that before. Only when he pulled his belt from its loops did she
  start to get an inkling of what he was up to.  
"No! No, Rick!" yelled Mandy.  
"It's either this, or I tell... besides, you might
  find out you like it just as much as you like getting spanked!"  
"I don't like getting spanked!"  
"Right. Of course not," Rick chuckled. "Don't worry,
  I'll go easy this time." Holding the belt so that a one foot length swung from
  his hand, Rick slapped his sister's left tit. Mandy squealed in pain, and a
  bright pink spot appeared on her small, firm breast.  
Struggling under her brother, Mandy cried, "That
  really hurts!"  
"Good," Rick said. He lashed Mandy's right tit,
  then her left again. Most of the lashes struck her nipples directly, and soon
  both tits were blushing with heat and Mandy was sobbing. He kept whipping her,
  alternating between her little breasts, until he had administered ten to each. "There.
  That's it."  
Rick stood up, and Mandy's hands flew to her poor
  boobs. She tried unsuccessfully to rub the pain away, but she got her crying
  under control in a couple minutes. "You won't tell, now?" she asked.  
"We just need to seal the deal, if you know what
  I mean." Rick unzipped his pants and took out his erect dick.  
Mandy sighed. "Yeah. I know what you mean." She
  slipped off the bed and onto her knees on the floor in front of her brother.
  Mandy looked at his six-inch cock for a moment, then wrapped her fingers around
  it. She stroked the hard shaft a few times, then took it into her mouth.  
Rick moaned when his little sister started sucking
  on his dick. He watched her head bobbing up and down on his shaft, and thought
  to himself how lucky he was. Mandy was one of the prettiest girls at her all-girl
  school, and she liked sex. The two of them had played little sex games - mostly
  of the 'playing doctor' variety, ever since they were little kids. When Mandy
  lost her virginity a year ago to one of Rick's friends, he soon found out.
  It hadn't taken much effort to coerce Mandy into taking their 'games' a step
  further.  
It was good for Rick that Mandy liked sex. Because
  all of his friends had the hots for her he would sometimes fix her up with
  one of them, especially when he needed a favor. One time, he actually set her
  up with twoof his friends on the same night. He always got the details from
  his friends the next day. Yeah, his little sister was kind of a slut. That
  was okay with Rick, because he too got some side beneifts.  
Of course, Mandy didn't seem to like doing it with
  him. But Rick figured that was just because they incorporated it into the punishments
  he'd administer to her. Today's session wasn't the first time she'd allowed
  him to spank her in exchange for not telling their parents about some misbehavior.
  So she probably considered this to be part of her punishment.  
Mandy looked up at Rick and licked the length of
  the underside of his cock. Her face was expressionless as she took him to her
  tonsils. Despite being only fifteen, Mandy was good at giving blowjobs. She
  applied strong suction, and she could tell that Rick had gotten even harder
  since she started sucking him.  
Rick closed his eyes and enjoyed the fellatio his
  sister was performing. But he didn't want to come yet, so after a couple minutes
  he said, "Okay, that's enough. Just one more thing, and we'll be done. Get
  on the bed."  
Mandy got up from the floor and sat on the edge
  of the bed. She laid back and opened her legs. Immediately, Rick got between
  her legs, and after a few clumsy attempts he slid his cock into her pussy.
  He heard Mandy gasp when he entered her. "You ready to be fucked, Mandy?" Rick
  asked.  
"Yeah! Fuck me, Rick!" Mandy spread her legs wider
  when her brother started pumping in and out of her. Secretly, she hoped that
  he would last longer this time than he usually did.  
Grunting with each thrust, Rick pounded his cock
  into Mandy. In the back of his mind, Rick knew what they were doing was wrong.
  But he didn't care. It felt too good for him to care. His sister's pussy was
  hot and wet and tight. Sure, he could get sex from other girls, but other girls
  weren't as hot as Mandy. He could hear his sister breathing hard.  
"Does that feel good?" Rick asked. He knew he was
  going go blow soon.  
"Yeah..." Mandy, of course, was nowhere near climax.  
"I'm gonna come!" Rick yelled. Knowing the inherent
  risks if he were to impregnate his sister, Rick pulled out of her. He stroked
  his dick and began shooting his load. "Shit!" he shouted. The thick, white,
  sticky globs of jizz flew through the air and landed on Mandy, splattering
  from her belly to her tits. Rick collapsed to his knees.  
Rick recovered a moment later and said, "All right,
  Mandy, you're in the clear. Mom and Dad won't find out you got spanked at school.
  Now you'd better go get cleaned up, before they get home!"  
Mandy said, "Thanks for not telling, Rick." She
  didn't acknowledge the sex. Picking up the bundle that was her school uniform,
  she left her brother's room. She dropped the bundle in her own room, then it
  was back down the hall to the bathroom.  
Door locked behind her, Mandy started the shower.
  It heated up quickly. Before stepping into the tub, Mandy used her fingers
  to scoop her brother's semen from her belly and chest. She licked her fingers
  clean, savoring the salty-sweetness of the white goo. She didn't dare let Rick
  know how much she liked the taste. If he found out, he would probably start
  making her suck him to climax so that he could finish in her mouth, and then
  she'd never get him to fuck her. Quickly, she licked up and swallowed the rest
  of it, then stepped into the shower.  
Now she would finish what Rick started. As usual,
  Rick hadn't lasted long enough to bring her to climax. "Typical," she thought.
  Her brother wasn't alone in that. None of the guys she'd slept with lasted
  long enough. The biggest advantage to letting Rick screw her was that she could
  immediately finish the job herself, in private.  
Mandy gasped when the steaming hot water hit her
  hot, well-spanked butt. She liked it. It enhanced the sensations when she reached
  between her legs and touched her clit. Moans came from her throat when she
  started to vigorously rub herself there. When she touched her recently-whipped
  breasts, she found herself even more aroused.  
Fingers flying in her slit, Mandy held her bottom
  under the shower of hot water while one hand rubbed her boobs and pinched her
  hard nipples. The feeling was incredible! The combination of pain in her tits
  and ass and tingling heat in her pussy brought her off faster than ever before.
  At the instant of orgasm she squeezed hard on one breast, and went over the
  edge with the most powerful climax she'd ever experienced! It was almost too
  much for her, and she sank slowly to her knees.  
Mandy was totally surprised at how the painful
  heat in her tits worked to enhance her orgasm. There and then, she promised
  to "encourage" Rick to whip them again. That was just too good.  
Mandy: 10 spanks, 20-stroke breast-whipping  
Chapter Eight: The Piano Lesson (Steffi)    
(M/f, spanking, serious, nc; M/f, spanking,
    severe, nc)   
Fumbling through the difficult classical piece
  on the piano, Steffi was keenly aware of how poorly she was playing. Worse,
  she knew that her teacher was noting each and every mistake. When she reached
  the end of the song, she folded her hands in her lap and stared at the piano
  keys.  
The piano teacher, Mr. Sanderson, said, "I'm disappointed,
  Steffani. That was terrible!" The old man clucked his tongue at his young student. "I
  really expect better of you."  
"I... I know," Steffi mumbled. "But this song is
  hard!"  
"Steffani, I've been teaching you for six years.
  This piece should be well within your capabilities." He took a folded sheet
  of paper from the notebook on his lap. "I had hoped it wouldn't come to this."  
"Um, come to what?"  
Mr. Sanderson handed the paper to Steffi. "Here
  is a letter your father sent me. You probably won't like what it says."  
Steffi unfolded the paper. It was a short note,
  written in her father's handwriting.  
"Dear Mr. Sanderson," it began, "I have grown very
  dissatisfied with Steffani's apparent lack of progress in her piano playing.
  While neither I nor my wife are musicians, we can still tell that Steffi is
  not playing well.  
"If her performance in other areas is any indication,
  I must attribute her poor playing to inattention and laziness. I cannot fault
  your teaching, as you came highly recommended by several people.  
"I have come to the conclusion that Steffani is
  in need of motivation. To that end, I am authorizing you to provide that motivation.
  You are free to punish her in any way you see fit. Rest assured that you will
  suffer no repercussions for any actions you choose to take."  
"Sincerely, Jacob McAllister."  
Steffi stared at the letter, dumbfounded. "How
  could Daddy do this to me?" she whispered. She looked up at her teacher and
  said, "You aren't really going to... punish me... Are you, Mr. Sanderson?"  
"Oh, I most certainly am, young lady." Mr. Sanderson
  had a small smirk on his face. "Believe it or not, your father is not the first
  parent to issue such instructions. I feel that, because he is the one paying
  me, I am compelled to follow his instructions. Please, stand up."  
"Mr. Sanderson, please..."  
"I'm sure you don't want me to have to tell you
  father that you were being uncooperative," said the teacher, raising his voice. "It
  will be easier on you if you do as I say."  
Trembling, Steffi stood. Her heart was pounding. "How
  could Daddy have done this?" she thought again.  
Mr. Sanderson lifted the seat of the piano bench
  and took an eighteen-inch ruler from inside, then lowered the seat again. He
  stood and said, "Step behind the bench and face the piano, Steffi." When his
  student had complied, he continued, "Bend over and place your hands flat on
  the seat." The teacher watched the way Steffi's blue jeans stretched taut across
  her petite bottom when she bent.  
Steffi waited, trembling. She was furious at her
  father for allowing such a thing, and afraid of the spanking. "Aaaah!" she
  cried when the hard wooden ruler cracked across her butt. That stung! "Ow!" The
  second blow was as hard as the first, and she tried to fight back the tears
  she felt coming. "Oooooowwwieeeee!" she howled when the third blow landed.
  It was definitely harder than the first two, and the pain made the tears flow.
  Steffi started to cry, and the spanking continued.  
The old piano teacher certainly knew how to spank
  a girl. He spanked with a steady pace, allowing three or four seconds between
  swats. The spanks covered the girl's whole bottom, from the tops of her buttocks
  to the crease where her cheeks met her thighs. And each blow was hard, too.
  Mr. Sanderson kept spanking her for several minutes, until Steffi's knees were
  buckling each time he struck her ass.  
"Please stoooop! Stop! It hurts!" Steffi wailed
  and cried, and tears poured from her eyes. She had never been spanked with
  a ruler before, and was surprised at now much it hurt. There was no doubt in
  her mind that she was going to be sporting some serious welts on her ass!  
"I will stop when I'm good and ready!" Mr. Sanderson
  emphasized his words with an especially hard spank that made Steffi howl and
  stand straight up. The girl was rubbing her butt and dancing in place. "Get
  back down, Steffi. We're not finished!"  
Miserably, Steffi returned to her bent position.
  Sobbing, she braced herself for more spanking. And she got plenty more. Mr.
  Sanderson didn't quit spanking her until he had smacked her ass one hundred
  times. Steffi wept bitterly while she rubbed her ass.  
When Steffi finally settled down, Mr. Sanderson
  said, "Now you will play this song again. I expect to hear fewer mistakes this
  time. Play it more slowly if you must, but make fewer mistakes!" He pointed
  at the sheet music and glared at his young student.  
"No... you can't be serious... I can't sit down!" Steffi
  just stared at her teacher.  
"I suggest that you have a seat and start playing,
  young lady." Mr. Sanderson's tone of voice left no room for argument. Tears
  in her eyes, Steffi gingerly sat down.  
After adjusting the sheet music, Steffi hesitantly
  laid her fingers on the keyboard and started to play. As Mr. Sanderson suggested,
  she played it slower than the first time. Unfortunately, the pain in her bottom
  and her nervousness distracted her. She cried knowing that she was playing
  the song even worse than the first time. The final chord still ringing, Steffi
  bowed her head, fearing the worst.  
"I'm sure you realize that that performance was
  disgraceful. Stand up!" Not waiting for compliance, Mr. Sanderson grabbed Steffi's
  arm and hauled her to her feet.  
Panicking, Steffi wailed, "Noooooooooo! Please,
  Mr. Sanderson!"  
"Be quiet! You deserve everything you're getting!" The
  teacher turned Steffi to face him. "Take your pants down."  
Steffi just stared at him. "Y-you're gonna spank
  my bare butt?"  
"Of course not. That would be inappropriate. You
  may keep your panties on. Now do it!"  
Sobbing, Steffi unfastened her jeans. Instead of
  making her bend over this time, Mr. Sanderson ordered her to lie face down
  on the piano bench. She grabbed onto the bench's legs with her hands. Her skin
  crawled when she felt the old man adjusting her panties and smoothing them
  across her buttocks.  
"Only fifty this time," said Mr. Sanderson, "since
  you don't have the protection of your jeans."  
He raised the ruler and laid it hard across the
  center of Steffi's ass. Steffi's body jerked and her cheeks clenched, and she
  let out a loud shriek. The teacher whaled on her poor, burning butt over and
  over until Steffi was almost delirious with pain. Lacking the layer of her
  jeans, the blows felt sharper and hotter. When the count reached twenty, she
  couldn't stand it any more and she reached back to protect her bottom.  
Stopping a blow just short of hitting Steffi's
  hands, Mr. Sanderson barked, "Hands away from your bottom!" When Steffi's hands
  moved back to the bench legs, the cruel spanking resumed. A few blows later,
  Steffi's hands shot back again. "Steffi, if you reach back again, I'm going
  to start all over! Now, get your hands away from your bottom!" The young girl
  sobbed miserably as she obeyed.  
The remainder of the spanking was administered
  without interruption. When it was over, Steffi just laid there, weeping and
  rubbing her poor bottom. Mr. Sanderson glanced out the window. "I see your
  father is here to pick you up. You'd better compose yourself and pull your
  pants up."  
Steffi slowly got to her feet. With great difficulty
  she got her pants up and fastened. She whimpered at the way the tight jeans
  squeezed her burning ass. Walking to the door was very painful. She turned
  at Mr. Sanderson's voice.  
"Remember to practice, Steffani."  
Giving her teacher an angry glare, she left.  
Seeing the way Steffi sat, and the messy condition
  of her face, her father knew what had happened. "So I was right. You haven't
  been practicing very hard."  
"Daddy! How could you let him do that to me?" Tears
  rolled down Steffi's face and she searched her father's face for sympathy.
  There was none to be seen.  
Jacob put the car in gear and pulled away from
  the piano teacher's house. "I allowed it because you deserved it. Maybe now
  you'll practice harder. I don't like wasting money, Steffi, and when you thoughtlessly
  fail to practice the piano, you're wasting the money I spend on lessons."  
"But Daddy..."  
"No buts, Steff." He drove a bit further and then
  said, almost as an afterthought, "Oh, and we're going to finish this when we
  get home."  
Steffi stared at her father. "He can't be serious," she
  thought.  
"I'll call Mr. Sanderson to find out how many times
  he spanked you. You'll get the same from me at home."  
Unable to believe what she was hearing, and starting
  to feel sick, Steffi turned away from her father and stared out the window.
  The ride home was too short.  
"All right, Steffi, go inside. I'll be there in
  five minutes. When I come inside, I expect to find you standing in front of
  my chair naked, with your hands on top of your head. Go."  
Knowing it was useless to argue, Steffi got out
  of the car and trudged up the driveway and into the house. Crossing the room
  she tossed her piano books on top of the piano. Slowly, but not too slowly
  because she knew Daddy would be there in a few minutes, she stepped in front
  of Daddy's chair and started undressing. Tears trickled down her cheeks while
  she unbuttoned and removed her blouse. She dropped the blouse on the coffee
  table, then bent to untie her shoes. Her jeans came off next, and it was a
  relief to have them no longer squeezing her sore bottom, even though she knew
  the relief was only going to last for a few minutes. Reluctantly, Steffi took
  off her bra, and then stepped out of her panties. her undergarments joined
  her blouse and jeans on the coffee table.  
Wearing only her socks, Steffi turned to face her
  father's empty chair. She placed her hands on top of her head and laced her
  fingers together, and waited. Humiliated by her nakedness, and fearing the
  spanking to come, she cried. To make matters worse, her father ended up making
  her wait like that for ten minutes instead of five.  
Finally, Jacob strolled into the house. He picked
  up the telephone and dialed Mr. Sanderson. Getting the information he needed,
  he sat down in his chair in front of his daughter. He glared at her for a minute
  before speaking, and he could see her growing more and more nervous. "Go fetch
  the paddle, Steffi."  
"Daddy, please..."  
"Go get the paddle, dammit!" Jacob yelled, startling
  Steffi. He smiled to himself when he saw the way her small breasts jiggled
  when she jumped. When she turned to walk across the room, he could see how
  red her ass was. Mr. Sanderson had been quite thorough.  
Steffi returned to her father and nervously handed
  him the big paddle. "Please, don't spank too hard, Daddy!" She was crying harder
  now, and she was afraid.  
"I'll spank you as hard as I think I need to, Steffi.
  Now, get yourself across my knee, and let's get this over with." Jacob could
  see that his daughter was shaking as she draped herself across his lap. "So,
  Mr. Sanderson spanked you a hundred and fifty times?"  
"Y-yes, Daddy."  
"Then that's what you'll get from me." With that
  announcement, Jacob raised the paddle and smashed it down on Steffi's bare
  ass.  
"Ooooooooooowwwwwwwieeeeeee! Daddeeeeeee! Nooooo!" Steffi
  shrieked in agony! The blow was much harder than any she'd received from Mr.
  Sanderson, and she knew there was no way she could take one hundred and fifty
  like that! "Not so hard!"  
"Shut up and take it, girl! You deserve it!" Jacob
  whaled away on poor Steffi's ass, very hard. More than once, he had to stop
  and order to keep her hands out of the way. Finally, he ended up tightly holding
  both of her wrists behind her back with his strong left hand. Still she struggled
  mightily and kicked her legs furiously, and the room was filled with her shrieks
  and wails. But none of these distractions stopped Jacob from administering
  the paddling he felt she had earned.  
The fourteen-year-old girl was in horrible pain.
  The earlier spanking had greatly sensitized her bottom, making this second
  spanking hurt even more. And the painful blows from the paddle just kept on
  coming, raining steadily on her burning, aching butt. Eventually, she ran out
  of strength to resist, and she slumped over Daddy's lap. Her ability to struggle
  deserted her, and she just laid there absorbing the harsh paddling.  
Steffi didn't even realize the paddling had ended.
  She was in so much pain that it really didn't even make any difference. That
  paddle was much heavier and wider than Mr. Sanderson's ruler, and each blow
  hurt far more. When her father told her to stand up, she almost couldn't. She
  hurt so much that it was difficult to stand. Eventually though, with some effort,
  the sobbing girl managed to get to her feet. Her nakedness forgotten, she stood
  there gingerly rubbing her bottom and crying.  
"I hope this has taught you a lesson, Steffani." Jacob
  said. "From now on, I hope you will work harder at the piano. Because if you
  don't, we'll have to do this all over again."  
"I'll try, Daddy, I'll really try!" Steffi wailed. "I
  promise I'll do better!"  
"For your sake, I hope you do. Now, go to your
  room. If you want to come down for dinner later, that's up to you. If you do
  decide you want to eat, I want you to put on those tight little short shorts
  of yours before you come down." Jacob thought for a moment, then continued, "In
  fact, I think wearing those shorts after a spanking is a good idea. I want
  you to do that from now on."  
Steffi stared at her father, then picked up her
  clothes and slowly and painfully climbed the stairs to her room. She dropped
  her clothes on the floor, then went into the bathroom where she wet a washcloth
  with cold water. Steffi gasped when she looked over her shoulder to inspect
  her bottom in the mirror. Her bottom was horribly bruised! She knew it was
  going to take several days for those bruises to fade.  
Back in her room, Steffi laid herself face down
  on her bed. Reaching back, she laid the wet washcloth on her burning bottom.
  After some initial stinging, the cool water began to soothe the pain. But not
  nearly enough. When she thought about trying to get into her shorts, Steffi
  decided that she was going to miss dinner tonight.  
Steffi: 300 spanks  
Chapter Nine: Crossing Lines (Steffi &amp; Mandy)    
(MF/f, spanking, abusive; M/F, sex;
    f/f, sex, cons; M/f, spanking, severe)   
When she heard her father bellowing at her to come
  downstairs, Steffi suddenly wished that she hadn't changed into her short shorts
  after school. The tone of Daddy's voice told her that she was in trouble for
  something, and that could only mean one thing: another spanking. As she approached
  the top of the stairs, there was a lump in Steffi's throat and butterflies
  in her stomach. Her butt had finally recovered from the spankings she'd gotten
  from Daddy and her piano teacher two weeks ago. Another punishment was the
  last thing she needed.  
"Y-yes, Daddy?" Steffi said softly as she reached
  the living room. Her father was in his recliner, and her mother stood beside
  him. Both were scowling.  
"I've got a bit of a mystery on my hands here,
  Steffani," said Jacob. "I bought a fifth of scotch last week. Expensive scotch,
  by the way. That bottle of scotch seems to have gone missing. Would you happen
  to know anything about that?"  
"Um, no&hellip;" Steffi answered as her stomach
  twisted itself into knots. The truth was she knew exactly what had happened
  to the booze.  
"Hmm. That's odd. You see, Steffi, I hadn't opened
  that bottle yet, so I know I didn't use it up. And we haven't seen your mother
  staggering around the house drunk, so we can be reasonably certain that she
  didn't drink it either." Jacob paused before continuing. "We haven't had any
  guests in the house since I bought the whisky. I'm afraid that leaves you."  
"Daddy, I don't know what happened to it," Steffi
  protested. "Honest!" She shifted nervously from one foot to the other.  
"I think you're lying to me, Steffani," replied
  Jacob. "Come over here."  
"No, Daddy! Please! I didn't take it!"  
"Steffani McAllister, get your ass over here right
  this minute!" Jacob shouted.  
"You'd better obey your father, Steffani," Gail
  advised her daughter.  
Whimpering, lower lip trembling, the fourteen-year-old
  slowly walked across the room. She stopped in front of her angry father's chair.  
"Get yourself over my lap, Steffi. I'm going to
  get the truth out of you one way or another."  
Already starting to cry, Steffi reluctantly draped
  herself across her father's thighs. Her sniffles immediately turned to gasps,
  because Daddy didn't wait to start spanking her. As her shorts rode up, Daddy's
  hand cracked against the tightly-stretched denim, imparting an intense sting
  to Steffi's butt. The blows came in rapid succession, and in no time at all
  he had struck her bottom ten times. But it didn't stop there. Twenty, then
  thirty hard spanks landed, and Steffi's rear end was getting warm.  
"I didn't doooooooo iiiiiiiit Daaaaaaddeeeeee!" Steffi
  lied with a wail. She was already regretting her foolish decision to steal
  the whisky for her friends. They had promised her that they would get an older
  brother to replace it the next day, but they hadn't kept their promise. The
  young girl was angry with her friends, but she still didn't dare snitch on
  them, or admit her own wrongdoing. Maybe, she thought, if she held out and
  endured the spanking while sticking to her denials, Daddy would believe her. "Pleeeeease,
  Daddeeeeee!"  
"You're going to tell the truth, Steffani," Jacob
  grunted as he rained more spanks on his daughter's butt. Forty, fifty&hellip; "and
  I'll just keep spanking you until you do!"  
It's only a hand spanking, Steffi thought to herself.
  I can take it. I think.  
At the one-hundred spank mark, Jacob stopped. "This
  just doesn't seem to be getting through to her, Gail." He glanced at his wife,
  then back down at the trembling form of his crying teenager.  
"Maybe your message isn't getting through her shorts,
  Jacob," Gail replied.  
"I think you're right. Stand up, Steffani!" He
  guided the girl to her feet. "Get those shorts off. Now." He glared angrily
  at his frightened daughter.  
"Please, D-da&hellip;"  
"Get them off!" Jacob shouted, making Steffi flinch.
  He stared hard at her while she hurriedly unzipped the skimpy denim shorts,
  slid them down her legs and stepped out of them. "Now get back across my lap!"  
Still ashamed to be partially undressed in front
  of her father, Steffi was further embarrassed about the "little girl" panties
  she was wearing. Today had been laundry day, and the white cotton hip-hugger
  panties with the teddy bear print had been the only clean pair in her drawer.  
"Now, I'll give you another chance, Steffi. Did
  you take the whisky?" Jacob's hand moved in circles on Steffi's burning cheeks.  
"No."  
Jacob sighed. "Very well. Let's continue." He raised
  his hand and laid into the fourteen-year-old's bottom once more. The relief
  Steffi had felt when she removed the skin-tight shorts was replaced by a new,
  more intense pain. The thin panties offered considerably less protection than
  the shorts had. Jacob could see reddened flesh peeking out below the panties'
  leg holes.  
Now Steffi wept openly. The burning pain in her
  bottom was growing worse and worse with each smack to her panties. Still, she
  kept her resolve. She didn't confess when, after her father had spanked her
  panties fifty times, he paused to give her a chance. And so it continued. Fifty
  more stinging slaps crossed her tender bottom.  
"One more time, Steffi. You can stop this spanking
  whenever you want to by admitting to taking the whisky."  
"I-I didn't take it," Steffi replied in a barely
  audible whisper.  
"All right then," Jacob said, matter-of-factly.  
Steffi began to relax, thinking she had finally
  convinced Daddy that she was innocent. But her whole body tensed, and her eyes
  widened at his next words.  
"Gail," Jacob said as he started tugging Steffi's
  panties down her legs, "will you please bring me the paddle?"  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
Mandy was grounded, which is why she was at home,
  alone, while her parents were at Rick's football game. She had been out a bit
  past curfew last night. So after school she had gotten a good hard spanking
  from her father, and had been told she was grounded for the weekend. That meant
  no football game.  
So Mandy, being who she was, was getting into mischief
  at home. She was in her brother's room, and was digging into his footlocker.
  Moving a few items aside, she found what she was looking for: Rick's secret
  porno tapes. Her favorite tape was right on top of the stack. Quickly, she
  turned on Rick's TV and VCR and popped the tape in, then sat on the edge of
  Rick's bed. The first scene showed a blonde with large tits and a muscular
  man having sex. She knew the scene by heart: the woman would give the man a
  blow-job, then they would have sex doggy-style, and the man would pull out
  and come on the woman's butt. By the end of the scene, Mandy had hiked up her
  skirt and had her fingers down the front of her panties.  
The second scene was just a brunette by herself,
  masturbating with a dildo. Mandy, wishing she had a dildo too, now had her
  panties around her ankles and had two fingers up inside herself. Eyes glued
  to the screen, she timed it just right and came at the same time as the actress.
  She liked the way her pussy tightened around her fingers when she came. When
  the actress climaxed again, so did Mandy.  
The last scene was Mandy's favorite. Two men, one
  black and one white, were having their way with a petite, short-haired redhead.
  Every time she watched this scene, Mandy was awed by the size of the black
  man's dick. She was surprised that he could fit it into that tiny redhead's
  pussy! But listening to the girl squeal when the black guy was fucking her
  made Mandy wish she knew a guy with a dick that big. What really made the scene
  hot for Mandy, though, was the way the two men were ordering the girl around,
  and the way the girl obeyed every command she was given. It seemed like the
  girl was a plaything for the men. It was especially hot when the girl was on
  all fours - the black guy was screwing her from behind, and the white guy was
  kneeling in front of her and shoving his dick down her throat.  
The one time that Mandy had had sex with two boys,
  they had just taken turns fucking her. One guy watched while the other pumped
  in and out of her, then they traded places after the first guy shot off. It
  had been a new experience for Mandy, and she hadn't thought of having both
  guys inside her at the same time. She hoped she would have the chance again
  sometime. Staring at the erotic scene on the TV, Mandy opened her blouse and
  unfastened the clasp between her breasts. While she furiously rubbed her pussy
  with one hand, she started massaging her boobs with the other. Soon, she felt
  yet another climax approaching&hellip;  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
"Waaaaaaaaaaaah! Please stop Daddeeeeeee! Stoooooooooop!" Steffi
  was in a lot of pain. Her father was mercilessly pounding her bare bottom with
  the paddle, and he showed no sign of stopping. "It hurts, Daddy! It hurts!"  
"Damn right it hurts," Jacob said, "and it's gonna
  hurt a lot more if you don't confess!" Again and again, Jacob raised the paddle
  and brought it crashing down on Steffi's poor butt. He was starting to get
  very angry. He'd struck his daughter's ass with the paddle sixty times so far,
  and she still hadn't confessed to taking the liquor. "And you will confess!" Jacob
  could see the bruises starting to color Steffi's ass.  
Steffi was crying so hard by this time that she
  could hardly speak. She couldn't remember Daddy ever spanking her this hard
  before. As the pain in her bottom got worse and worse, Steffi felt her resolve
  to stick to her story slipping away. Even so, she tried to hold on. But she
  knew she couldn't hold out much longer. She hardly had the strength left to
  struggle.  
"Did" WHACK "you" SMACK "take" WHAM "the" CRACK "whisky?" POW!
  Jacob walloped Steffi's ass over and over, and he put all of his strength behind
  each blow. Surely, he thought, Steffi would confess soon. But if she didn't,
  he would keep spanking until she did.  
When Daddy paused after the one-hundredth agonizing
  blow, Steffi broke. "I did it!" she wailed. "I took it! Please stop spanking
  meeeeee!" Her face was beet-red and streaked with tears, and her body shuddered
  and heaved with her sobs.  
"Oh, you did?" Jacob said sarcastically. He gave
  his daughter's ass a rough squeeze and continued, "Then you've been lying to
  me this whole time. I don't like lying, Steffani. You're going to pay for that!
  Get up!" He made Steffi stand, then stood himself. He handed the paddle to
  his wife and said, "Here, Gail, keep her ass warm for me."  
Gail took Jacob's place in the chair, and dragged
  Steffi down across her lap. "Where are you going, Jacob?"  
"To get my belt."  
Jacob left the room, and Gail went to work on Steffi. "You
  should know better than to lie to us, Steffi."  
"I'm sorry Mommy! Please please please don't spank
  me any more!" Steffi inhaled a big gulp of air and continued, "My butt hurts
  so baaad!"  
"It's your own fault! If you had confessed right
  away, you would only have been spanked for taking the liquor." Gail dealt a
  tremendous blow to Steffi's already battered ass. "But since you decided to
  lie, we had to persuade you to tell the truth. Now you're going to suffer the
  consequences of your lying!"  
"WAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Steffi wailed in misery. Her mother
  didn't spank as hard as Daddy, but she made up for it by spanking very fast.
  The spanks stung like crazy, and made Steffi cry even harder.  
Gail spanked so quickly that by the time her husband
  returned, she had smacked her daughter's butt forty-six times. Seeing Jacob
  brandishing his wide leather belt, she struck Steffi's bottom four more times
  to round the spanking up to an even fifty blows. "Stand up, Steffi," she commanded. "She's
  all yours, Jacob."  
"Let's get that shirt off her. Maybe a little embarrassment
  will improve her attitude. And get rid of those panties, Steffani!" Jacob pointed
  at the panties, which were bunched around Steffi's ankles.  
"Well, take off your shirt, Steffani," said Gail.  
"No, please&hellip;"  
"Then we'll do it for you!" Gail grabbed Steffi's
  wrists and raised her arms over her head. Jacob pulled the shirt up and off.
  Then, almost as an afterthought, Gail unfastened and removed her daughter's
  bra. Steffi stood there naked, blushing with shame and still crying her pain.  
Jacob took Steffi's arm and marched her across
  the room to the sofa. Standing her at one end, he ordered her to bend over
  the arm. When Steffi didn't bend over quickly enough, Gail grabbed her and
  roughly shoved her into position. Then Jacob said, "Now, I'll teach you to
  lie!" His arm went up, and the doubled belt came down&hellip;  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
While the videotape was rewinding, Mandy started
  digging through Rick's footlocker again to find the other illicit video she
  knew her brother had. The fifteen-year-old girl was still horny. It only took
  her a moment to find the tape, but when she picked it up she noticed something
  else &mdash; another video she hadn't noticed before. "Rick got a new one," she
  thought. She replaced the video she was holding and picked up the new tape.
  As soon as the tape in the VCR was finished rewinding she popped in the new
  one and pressed "Play".  
The first scene started almost immediately. It
  looked fairly typical, with a well-muscled man having sex with a pretty, large-breasted
  blonde. Seated in front of the television once more, Mandy masturbated while
  the blonde on the screen kneeled on the floor and sucked the guy's big dick.  
After the girl had sucked the guy for a couple
  minutes, she got up and laid on the bed, legs spread. The man wasted no time.
  He slapped his cock on her pussy a few times and then rammed it into her. As
  the man started fucking the blonde hard and fast, Mandy slipped two fingers
  back into her own pussy.  
Mandy was always amazed at how long the guys in
  porn movies could keep it up. She wished that the teenage guys she knew &mdash; including
  her brother &mdash; could go that long. Maybe then they could make her come!
  She knew they couldn't, though, so she satisfied herself by masturbating to
  two orgasms before the actor finally reached his. Her fingers furiously rubbed
  her clit while she watched the man stroke his cock and shoot his jizz all over
  the blonde's stomach.  
As the actor was shooting his last stream of goo,
  a brunette walked into the room and asked, "Is it my turn now?" Mandy laughed
  and said to the screen, "You're too late, girl!" But to Mandy's surprise, the
  man answered, "Oh yeah!"  
The brunette approached, stripping off her clothes
  as she walked. Mandy watched, confused, as the man moved out of the way and
  sat at the head of the bed and leaned back against the wall. His dick was obviously
  limp. "What are they doing?" Mandy thought. She soon found out.  
Mandy's eyes widened when the brunette leaned down
  and started licking the jizz off of the blonde's belly. Her eyes got even wider
  when the brunette kissed the blonde and spit the juices into her mouth. The
  blonde said to the brunette, "Fuck me with your tongue!" The brunette grinned
  and said, "Okay!" Mandy was astonished to see the brunette kneel down between
  the blonde's legs. The blonde propped herself up on her elbows and looked down
  as the brunette slid her tongue between her pussy lips.  
"Lesbians!" Mandy said aloud. She watched, entranced,
  while the brunette licked the blonde to orgasm. When the blonde came a second
  time, Mandy suddenly came to the realization that when two girls are having
  sex, they don't have to stop when one of them has an orgasm. With that realization,
  she started paying attention to exactly what was happening on the screen. She
  wanted to know what to do, should the opportunity arise in her own life. Still
  touching herself, Mandy came again.  
Soon, the brunette got on the bed, and now it was
  the blonde's turn to lick her pussy. The man, his dick still limp, was watching
  as intently as Mandy. He was stroking his cock while the brunette was licked
  to orgasm twice. The two women finally stopped licking each other, and then
  the brunette said, "Now all I need is a cock!" She turned to the man and took
  his now semi-erect member into her mouth and started sucking it. To Mandy's
  amazement, the man's dick got hard again, and he promptly put it to use fucking
  the brunette's brains out.  
Mandy was in awe. She'd learned something from
  the scene: let the guy rest, and he can go again. She would have to remember
  that!  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
The whipping Steffi got was horrible. One hundred
  strokes with her father's belt. He didn't just whip her ass, he whipped the
  backs of her legs, too.  
Jacob put down the belt and said, "Go to your room,
  Steffi, and wait for me. I'm not through with you." Steffi didn't waste any
  time. She ran, stumbling and sobbing up the stairs.  
Turning to his wife, Jacob said softly, "Is this
  turning you on like it's turning me on?" He pulled Gail close and stared into
  her eyes.  
"You're reading my mind," Gail answered. Pressed
  against Jacob, she could feel the hardness in his pants.  
"I'm going to go up and give Steffi a taste of
  the punishment she still has coming. Why don't you go wait for me in bed?" He
  kissed his wife on the lips, then gave her a playful shove toward their bedroom.
  He went to the coat closet and took out the new item he'd recently purchased.
  Then he headed up the stairs.  
"I'm going to give you a break before you get the
  rest of your punishment, Steffani," Jacob said when he entered his daughter's
  room. But first, I'm going to give you a small sample of what you're going
  to get. Stand up."  
"Please, Daddy, I'm sorry!"  
"It's too late for that. Stack your pillows in
  the middle of your bed."  
"Daddy&hellip;"  
"Do it now, Steffi. Do you want this to get even
  worse?"  
Steffi stared miserably at her father and eyed
  the object in his hand. "Wh-what's that, Daddy?"  
"This is an English school cane. I'm going to use
  it for your punishment for stealing my liquor. Now, do as I told you."  
Knowing she had better not argue any more, Steffi
  placed both of her pillows in the center of her bed, one atop the other.  
"Good," said Jacob. "Now, lay face down across
  them, with your hips on the pillows." He observed the way the pillow raised
  his daughter's bottom into the air once she was in position. That bottom was
  well-marked, and very soon there would be narrow welts added to the bruises
  and and other coloration. "Put your hands over your head. Maybe you'd better
  hold onto the headboard."  
Steffi winced when she felt the cane rubbing her
  bottom. She had already been spanked so long and hard that even the cane's
  light contact with her bruised flesh was painful.  
"All right, Steffi. I'll give you one stroke of
  the cane. Then you can have a couple hours to think about the twenty strokes
  you've got coming." With those words, Jacob raised the cane. Then down it came.  
The cane sliced across Steffi's bottom. leaving
  an angry red welt behind. Steffi sucked in her breath, and every muscle in
  her body tightened as the pain registered. The pain was worse than anything
  she had ever felt before. It was so intense and overwhelming that she didn't
  even realize she was holding her breath until she let it all out in a long,
  loud, miserable shriek of agony. Then she slumped over the pillows, defeated,
  her whole body shaking with deep sobs.  
Jacob listened to his young daughter weep for a
  moment, then said, "Don't move from this room, Steffi. I want you to think
  about what you've done. We're going to finish this in two hours." With that,
  he turned and left Steffi's room. Then he headed for his own room, where Gail
  waited.  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
Gail was naked and waiting on the bed when Jacob
  came into their room. Jacob grinned at his still-sexy wife and started stripping
  his own clothes off. "You won't believe how hard my cock is right now, babe!" His
  member came into view as he peeled off his briefs. "See what I mean?"  
"Looks good to me," Gail said, licking her lips. "Why
  don't you bring that thing over here?" Jacob dove onto the bed beside his wife
  and laid on his back. Immediately Gail was on top of him, meeting his lips
  with hers and kissing him deeply. After a moment she pulled back and said,
  huskily, "I think I'm as horny as you are, Jake!" She kissed him again and
  then started kissing her way down his chest. A few light bites on his nipples,
  and then she was moving down his belly.  
Finally, she reached his hard tool. Grinning up
  at Jacob, she grabbed his cock with one hand and stroked it several times. "Oooo...
  I like it," she said. Then she stuck out her tongue and licked the full length
  of Jacob's seven-inch shaft. "Tastes good," she said, and then took the head
  into her mouth. A second later, she took the entire shaft down her throat,
  burying her nose in her husband's thick pubic hair. Pulling back slowly, Gail's
  eyes flashed mischievously at Jacob. She started humming while she sucked,
  and she felt Jacob's body shudder.  
"Oh god!" Jacob exclaimed. "Damn, that's good!" Exquisite
  sensations vibrated through his manhood as Gail continued humming while she
  sucked his cock. He eagerly watched her head bobbing up and down, and he felt
  himself growing harder. Gail had always given good head. Jacob could remember
  the very first time she had sucked him off, when they were still in high school.
  She was enthusiastic back then, if inexperienced, and she had only gotten better
  in the years since. It was one of the reasons he had never been unfaithful
  to her.  
Gail sucked her husband's dick expertly, continuing
  to hum while she sucked. The humming stopped only when she deep-throated him,
  which she did frequently. She alternated sucking and licking with taking him
  deep into her throat.  
"Better stop before I pop," Jacob said, chuckling. "Come
  up here and sit on my face." He motioned to Gail with a crooked finger.  
"Mmmm... okay," Gail replied. She rose to her knees
  and crawled toward Jacob's head. Then she was straddling him, her pussy hovering
  over his mouth. "Lick me, Jake!"  
Jacob grabbed his wife's ass with both hands and
  drew her down toward his mouth. His tongue slipped between her folds, and he
  tasted her tangy sweetness as he licked the length of her slit. Gail gasped
  when Jacob shoved his tongue into her opening and pushed it in and out of her
  several times. Then his tongue was sliding up and down her pink slit again
  before coming to rest on her engorged clitoris. Jacob tickled Gail's clit with
  his tongue, and then his lips were on it, sucking and nibbling. Gail threw
  her head back and gasped as the pleasurable sensations shot through her body.
  She came in less than a minute.  
"Fuck me, Jake!"  
Jake did. Eagerly.  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
When the pain had somewhat subsided, Steffi dragged
  herself to her feet. I can't take any more of this,she thought miserably. She
  thought for a moment about what she was going to do, then she made up her mind.
  After putting on a fresh bra and shirt, she found her loosest skirt and put
  it on. After enduring the pain of sitting long enough to put on socks and shoes,
  she slipped into her coat and cautiously opened her bedroom door. The coast
  was clear.  
Tiptoeing down the stairs, she went to her parent's
  bedroom door and listened. When Daddy had sent her upstairs, she had paused
  at the top long enough to overhear him sending Mom to their room. Now, she
  could hear the sounds of her parents having sex. Disgusted, and starting to
  cry again, Steffi left the house as quietly as she possibly could. Then she
  started walking toward Mandy's house.  
Steffi: 351 spanks  
Chapter Ten: Discovery (Steffi &amp; Mandy)    
(f/f, lez, cons, first; M/f, spank, abusive,
    severe, humiliation)   
Mandy's eyes were still glued to the television
  screen, watching yet another scene of lesbians making each other come. She
  had watched four scenes already, and now was on her fifth. The scene on the
  screen featured four sexy, naked women licking each other's pussies and fucking
  each other with big dildos and vibrators. Mandy had been masturbating the entire
  time she had been watching the porn, and she felt like she herself had had
  as many orgasms as she had seen in the videos. Her whole body was drenched
  with sweat.  
She was feeling the aftermath of her most recent
  orgasm when she was startled by the sound of the doorbell ringing. "Shit!" she
  muttered under her breath. Hurriedly, she stopped the video and ejected the
  tape, then shoved it into its box and tossed it into Rick's footlocker. She
  turned off the television and VCR and closed the footlocker, then quickly adjusted
  her clothes as she hurried down the stairs. The doorbell rang twice more before
  she finally opened it. Steffi stood on the doorstep.  
"Steffi! You're crying!"  
"C-can I come in?" Steffi pleaded.  
"Sure, come on in." Mandy stepped back to allow
  her best friend to enter the house. "What's the matter?" she asked as she closed
  the door.  
"Is anybody else here?" Steffi asked.  
"No, Mom and Dad are at Rick's football game. I
  had to stay home 'cuz I got in trouble. Anyway, tell me what's the matter,
  Steff."  
"Can we go up to your room?"  
"Okay, let's go."  
The two young girls hurried up the stairs and in
  a moment they were in Mandy's room. "Okay, Steff, now will you tell me what's
  wrong?"  
"I... I got a really bad spanking." Steffi burst
  into tears again.  
"Really? It must have been bad, if you're still
  crying. But don't you get spanked a lot these days anyway, like I do?" Mandy
  was eager to hear what had happened. She hugged her friend to comfort her and
  to encourage her to continue.  
"This one was worse than the other times," Steffi
  whimpered.  
"What did your dad do? Why did he spank you?"  
"Well, you remember I stole that bottle of whisky
  for Seth and Andy? They didn't get a new one like they promised, and my dad
  noticed it missing." Steffi lowered her eyes and continued. "So he asked me
  what happened to it, and I said I didn't know. Then he accused me of taking
  it, and of course I said I didn't. But he knew I was lying, so he started spanking
  me with his hand."  
"Bare?"  
"No, I had my shorts on. He spanked me that way
  for a long time. But when I wouldn't confess, he made me take off my shorts
  and then he spanked me on my panties. I still wouldn't confess, though, so
  he took my panties down and then he got the paddle and started hitting me with
  that. He paddled me for a long time, and it really hurt, and I couldn't take
  any more! So... I said I took the whisky."  
"So that made him stop?" Mandy asked.  
"No. He told my mom to keep paddling me, and he
  went and got his belt. Then they... then they made me take off all of my clothes," Steffi
  wailed. "It was so embarrassing! They said the hand spanking and the paddling
  was just to make me confess and now they were going to punish me for lying.

  They made me bend over the sofa, and then Daddy whipped me with his belt! I
  think he whipped me about a hundred times, Mandy! It hurt soooo bad! He even
  whipped my legs." Steffi turned to show Mandy the red welts on the backs of
  her bare legs.  
"Ouch," said Mandy when she looked at Steffi's
  marks.  
"And then..."  
"He spanked you more?" Mandy asked, amazed.  
"He sent me to my room and told me to wait because
  he still had to punish me for stealing the whisky. When he came to my room,
  he had this skinny stick thing..."  
"A cane?"  
"Yeah, that's what he called it. He only hit me
  with it once, but Mandy, that hurt more than anything I've ever felt in my
  life!" Tears trickled from Steffi's eyes as she continued, "Then he said he
  was going to give me a break for two hours and then I was going to get nineteen
  more with that awful cane! I knew I couldn't take any more of that cane, so
  I snuck out of the house while they were having sex..."  
"They had sex after they spanked you?" Mandy gasped,
  incredulous. "Gross!"  
"Yeah. So... here I am. I don't know what to do,
  Mandy! I'm afraid to go back!"  
"Can... can I see your butt? I want to see how
  bad it is," Mandy said hesitantly.  
"O-okay." Steffi and Mandy had seen each other
  naked plenty of times, in gym class and when they had sleep-overs, but Steffi
  was now a bit shy about baring herself. Taking a deep breath, she turned around
  and lifted her skirt. She had skipped panties when she dressed to leave her
  house, so didn't need to take any down.  
Mandy gasped when she saw Steffi's battered, well-marked
  bottom. "Steffi, it looks really bad! I've gotten some bad spankings before,
  but never this bad! Does it hurt as much as it looks like it does?"  
"Worse," Steffi said softly.  
"Take off your skirt and lie down on the bed," Mandy
  said, "I've got some stuff that will help." While Steffi did as Mandy said,
  Mandy took a small tube of ointment from the top of her chest of drawers.  
"Wh-what is that?" Steffi asked, sounding worried.  
"It's some stuff to rub on your butt. It will help
  with the pain a little bit. I use it a lot when I get a bad spanking." Mandy
  didn't know what was in the cream, but she knew that it worked. Sitting on
  the bed beside Steffi, she squeezed a glob of the cool cream onto her friend's
  mottled bottom. As soon as she started to rub it in, Steffi cried out in pain.  
"Ooooowie! That hurts, Mandy! Ow!"  
"Calm down, Steff! It's going to hurt for a minute
  while I rub it in, but it will feel better pretty soon. Trust me!" Carefully,
  she spread the cream all over Steffi's rear end, while Steffi cried. But as
  she had promised, the painrelieving cream started to work, and Steffi started
  to relax.  
As she worked the cream into Steffi's bottom and
  legs, Mandy started to think about the scenes she had just watched on her brother's
  porno tapes. The scenes with the girls. Picturing those scenes in her mind,
  she found herself looking at Steffi in a new way. For the first time, she noticed
  how nice Steffi's bare butt looked, or at least how nice it would look without
  all the horrible bruises and welts. Almost absentmindedly, Mandy's slipped
  her hand between Steffi's legs and massaged the cream on the insides as well
  as the backs of her thighs.  
Cautiously, Mandy brushed her fingers against Steffi's
  sex. It was a very light touch, and Steffi said nothing. Moving carefully and
  continuing to rub the cream over Steffi's skin, Mandy again let her fingers
  gently touch her in her most secret place. This time, Mandy heard a soft gasp
  escape from Steffi's mouth. "Does it feel better now, Steff?" Mandy asked.  
"Yeah, that feels good..."  
"Your bottom feels good?"  
"Yeah..."  
"Or did you mean this?" Mandy once more brushed
  her fingers across Steffi's pussy, but this time allowed them to linger a bit
  longer.  
"Um, yeah, I guess that feels good..."  
"Does it bother you when I do that?" Now Mandy
  was taking cues from the boys who tried, usually successfully, to seduce her.
  She rubbed Steffi's bottom some more, and then allowed her fingers to boldly
  rest on Steffi's naked genitals.  
"No..." While Steffi was informed about the mechanics
  of sex, and how babies were made, she was still quite naive. Only fourteen,
  she had never yet had a steady boyfriend and had only been kissed once. So
  far, none of the boys had tried to grope her. But now her best friend, a girl,
  was doing just that. She had no idea how to react, so she went along with it.  
More confident now, Mandy started rubbing Steffi
  between the legs. She was encouraged when Steffi parted her legs slightly and
  allowed her to probe further. Soon Mandy could feel Steffi's sparse pubic hair
  between her fingers as she cupped her whole sex in her palm. She thought she
  heard Steffi moan softly.  
Mandy moved up so that she was laying alongside
  Steffi. She stroked her friend's hair and whispered in her ear, "Are you sure
  you don't mind when I touch you down there?" She gave Steffi's ear a soft kiss.  
"No, it's... okay. It... kinda feels nice..." Truthfully,
  Steffi was feeling a little confused. Mandy had never acted like this before.
  But they were best friends and she didn't want to tell Mandy to stop. Especially
  after Mandy had been so nice by making her bottom stop hurting so much. Mandy
  was probably just being silly. She was like that sometimes.  
"I can make you feel really good, if you let me," Mandy
  whispered. She ran her fingers through Steffi's hair and kissed her on the
  neck. "Will you let me?"  
"O-okay." Steffi was still upset about the &mdash; abusive
  was the only word she could think of &mdash; spanking Daddy and Mom had given
  her, and the way they had sex right after.  
Mandy knew she was taking advantage of her vulnerable
  friend, but she wanted so much to try what she had seen in the videos. Who
  better to try it with than her best friend? "Turn over, okay?"  
Steffi rolled over, and discovered that it didn't
  hurt when her bottom touched the bed. She didn't resist when Mandy started
  to lift her shirt. She just gazed up at her friend and waited to see what she
  would do. How would Mandy make her feel good?  
"I want to see your boobs, Steff," Mandy said.  
"You've seen my boobs lots of times," Steffi replied.  
"I know, but... I want to touch them."  
"Okay."  
Mandy eagerly pulled Steffi's shirt off, and then
  she unfastened the clasp between Steffi's breasts to open up her bra. She gazed
  at Steffi's small, firm breasts. They were considerably smaller than those
  belonging to the porn stars Mandy had seen, but nevertheless she found herself
  getting aroused just looking at them. "They're so pretty, Steffi..." Mandy
  reached out and gave one of Steffi's boobs a gentle squeeze. Then, she couldn't
  hold back any longer. As she had seen the video lesbians do, she lowered her
  face to Steffi's breast and took the nipple between her lips and sucked. She
  squeezed the other breast with her hand. In just a few moments she heard Steffi
  gasping, then cooing.  
"That feels really good, Mandy..."  
"How about this," Mandy asked. She started sucking
  on the other nipple, and her hand moved back down between Steffi's legs. Instead
  of just brushing, though, she now slipped a finger between Steffi's labia and
  found her clitoris. Because she masturbated a lot and was familiar with her
  own pussy, she had no trouble finding Steffi's most sensitive spot. As soon
  as she touched the little bump, she felt a shudder go through Steffi's body. "You
  like that?"  
"Yes!" Steffi gasped. "Do it again..."  
"You got it!" Mandy started rubbing Steffi's clit
  in earnest, determined to get her off. She completely surprised Steffi by planting
  a kiss right on her lips. Then Steffi surprised Mandy by returning the kiss.
  Abandoning caution, Mandy kissed Steffi deeply, sticking her tongue into her
  mouth and finding Steffi's tongue wrestling with hers. Steffi's arms went around
  Mandy, and they kissed passionately, if clumsily, for several minutes. Mandy's
  fingers never stopped moving on Steffi's hard little clitoris.  
When they finally broke the kiss, Steffi laid back
  and sighed, "Wow... that was way better than when Ronnie kissed me!"  
"I know something even better than kissing, too!" Mandy
  said. With that, she slid down and put her head between Steffi's legs. "You're
  gonna love this, Steff." Mandy slid her middle finger inside of Steffi and
  discovered that she was hot and wet. Inhibitions completely gone now, Mandy's
  tongue darted out and touched Steffi's clit.  
"Ooh! Oooooh!" Steffi cried out with pleasure.
  When Mandy started licking her down there, Steffi forgot all about her painful
  spanking. Pleasure shot through her nubile young body, and she unconsciously
  opened her legs wider to allow Mandy easier access. "Ooooh, that feels so good,
  Mandy! Don't stop!"  
Smiling up at her best friend, Mandy licked her
  pussy faster and harder, just like she had seen those porn actresses doing.
  She was pleasantly surprised to discover that Steffi's pussy tasted really
  good to her. The taste was slightly sour, and slightly sweet. Mandy liked it.
  While her tongue danced on Steffi's clit, she stroked her finger in and out
  of her tight passage. After a few minutes she added a second finger.  
Steffi was lost in pleasure. Never in her wildest
  imaginations did she think she would ever be doing something like this. But
  she desperately wanted it to continue. "Don't stop..." Mandy didn't. And soon
  after Mandy started to suck on her clit, Steffi came. Hard.  
A loud, long, high-pitched squeal burst from Steffi's
  throat. Her body convulsed, and her legs clamped hard around Mandy's ears.
  The orgasm was the most intense, exciting, overwhelming thing the fourteen-year-old
  girl had ever experienced. Every nerve in her body was on fire. On top of everything
  else, Mandy never stopped licking while Steffi climaxed. As a result, as soon
  as Steffi's orgasm subsided, a second one hit her, almost as powerful as the
  first.  
Mandy stopped licking after the second orgasm,
  and she watched with interest the aftermath. Steffi was just laying there with
  her chest heaving, her eyes closed and her mouth open. Mandy had experienced
  many orgasms of her own, but she had never seen another girl have one, except
  in the videos. She noticed that Steffi's real orgasms were different from the
  ones she witnessed in videos, which she knew were faked.  
"I guess you liked that, huh?" Mandy asked with
  a grin.  
Steffi opened her eyes to gaze up at her smiling
  friend. She smiled back. "Yeah. Wow. What... what was that? It was... wow."  
Now Mandy knew for sure that Steffi had never come
  before. "That was your first orgasm, Steffi. I told you you would like it!" She
  leaned down and kissed Steffi again, on the mouth. Surprise registered in Steffi's
  eyes when she tasted herself on Mandy's lips.  
"Will you... do it again?" Steffi pleaded.  
"You do me now," Mandy said, "and then I'll do
  you again." Mandy pulled her own shirt off, and then her skirt. She lay down
  on her back beside Steffi and said, "Do my boobs like I did yours."  
Nervously, Steffi unlatched Mandy's bra, which
  opened in front like her own. She giggled when Mandy's breasts, a bit larger
  than hers, bounced a little when they popped out of her bra. For a moment she
  just stared at them, as if she was seeing them for the first time.  
"Touch them," Mandy encouraged.  
Steffi reached out and tentatively stroked Mandy's
  right breast, then the left. "They feel nice..." More confident, she squeezed
  one and then the other. Then, like Mandy had done for her, she leaned down
  and started to suck on a nipple. She mimicked Mandy's earlier actions, and
  soon she was eagerly sucking on one nipple while rubbing and squeezing the
  other. To her surprise, it was fun, and Mandy's breasts felt good.  
For Mandy's part, she was shivering at Steffi's
  touch. Plenty of boys had played with her tits, but none of them were as gentle
  about it as Steffi was being. This was a whole new feeling, and Mandy liked
  it. She let Steffi fondle her breasts for a long time, occasionally making
  suggestions and offering encouragement. To her own astonishment, she felt like
  she was close to coming already! But eventually she was ready for Steffi to
  go down on her. "Now eat me, Steff!" Mandy cried.  
Steffi kissed Mandy deeply, then turned her attention
  to Mandy's lower regions. Before she could do anything, she had to strip off
  Mandy's thong panties. Once those were out of the way, she was finally face
  to face with Mandy's pussy. She rubbed it experimentally, and Mandy moaned
  in response. After a minute of rubbing, she cautiously slid her finger into
  Mandy's folds and touched her wetness for the first time. Then she took a deep
  breath and stuck the finger into Mandy's snug hole. She withdrew her finger
  and brought it to her lips, then tasted it with her tongue. Her eyes widened
  and she said, "It tastes good!"  
"So start licking me, babe," Mandy laughed.  
Steffi did. With no more hesitation, she brought
  her face close to Mandy's twat and slipped her tongue into her. She quickly
  found Mandy's clit and went to work returning the favor that had been done
  her. Her fingers slid rapidly in and out of Mandy and her tongue flew over
  her clit. Meanwhile, Mandy was rubbing, squeezing and pinching her own breasts.  
The multiple sources of stimulation, combined with
  the fact that she was already worked up caused Mandy to come very quickly.
  She cried out in ecstasy and reached down to pull Steffi's face into her crotch. "Keep
  going, Steff! Keep going!" Steffi's licking and sucking increased in intensity,
  and in another moment Mandy climaxed again. When she recovered, she motioned
  to Steffi to come lay down beside her. "That was good, Steffi," she said, then
  kissed the younger girl. "The boys never do that." Then Mandy remembered something
  else she had seen in Rick's porn videos, something she had also done with boys.  
Mandy laid on top of Steffi, straddling her thigh.
  Their breasts mashed together, and they began to kiss again. While they kissed,
  Mandy started to grind her pussy against Steffi's thigh and at the same time
  ground her own thigh into Steffi's sex. Soon both girls were breathing heavily.  
Their lovemaking was rudely interrupted by the
  sound of the doorbell. The two teenagers quickly separated, and Mandy carefully
  peeked out of her bedroom window, which overlooked the front door. "Oh shit!
  Steffi, it's your dad!"  
Instantly, Steffi's exiting new experiences fled
  from her mind, to be replaced by thoughts of the awful beating Daddy had given
  her. She began to cry, and as she scrambled into her clothes she whimpered, "What
  am I gonna do, Mandy? I don't want to go home with him!"  
Thinking quickly, Mandy pulled on her seldom-used
  nightgown and then put on her bathrobe. All the while, the doorbell rang insistently. "You
  go out the back door. You can hide in Rick's old tree-house. I'll handle your
  dad - I'll pretend I was just going to bed. Maybe I can get rid of him!"  
The girls crept down the stairs. At the bottom,
  Steffi headed for the back door. When she was out of sight, Mandy hollered
  at the front door, "All right, I"m coming!" When she was sure Steffi had escaped,
  she opened the door and feigned surprise. "Oh hi, Mr. McAllister - sorry I
  took so long - I was getting ready to go to bed."  
"Hello, Mandy," said Jacob. "Sorry to bother you,
  but Steffani seems to have disappeared. I don't suppose you've seen her?"  
"Gosh, no, Mr. McAllister. I haven't seen Steffi
  since school today."  
"Are you sure?"  
"Yes."  
Mandy was proven a liar when Mrs. McAllister appeared
  beside her husband, holding a weeping Steffi by the arm. She must have been
  waiting near the back door.  
"Well, there she is. How about that?" said Jacob. "Why
  don't we all go inside for a moment?" Without waiting for an answer, Jacob
  and Gail entered the house, Gail dragging her daughter behind her. "Have a
  seat, Mandy."  
Mandy backed up and sat down in the nearest chair,
  her father's recliner.  
For the first time, she noticed the cane in Jacob's hand.  
"You seem to have forgotten that you weren't finished
  receiving your punishment, Steffi," said Jacob. "I'm disappointed."  
"I'm sorry, Daddy," Steffi mumbled.  
"Oh, you're going to be sorry all right! Take off
  your skirt. Now."  
The terrified fourteen-year-old removed her skirt,
  not daring to disobey or argue.  
"No panties?" Jacob bellowed. "You are just a glutton
  for punishment lately, aren't you?'"  
"No, Daddy! I'm not!"  
"Well you certainly act like it. Now, get yourself
  over that footstool there!"  
"Daddy..."  
"Move!" Jacob yelled. His frightened daughter quickly
  bent over the footstool. Jacob handed the cane to his wife. "I promised you
  nineteen more strokes of the cane, Steffi, but first..." He pulled his belt
  from its loops. "Let's deal with some other things."  
The belt went up, the came down and burned a trail
  across Steffi's poor bottom. "This is for running off when I told you to stay
  in your room!" The belt went up and down, up and down, inflicting searing pain
  on his howling, miserable daughter. Jacob paused after fifteen strokes. "And
  this is for leaving the house without panties!" another twenty savage lashes
  elicited more shrieks from the girl. "And now..."  
"Mr. McAllister, please!" Mandy protested, horrified
  at what she was seeing. Sure, she got severe spankings from her parents, but
  nothing as violent as what she was witnessing now.  
Jacob turned to her and said, calmly, "I suggest
  that you keep your mouth shut, young lady. I'm going to be having a talk with
  your father about your part in this!"  
Mandy shut up, but tears were rolling down her
  cheeks.  
Jacob took the cane from his wife. "I suggest you
  hold her arms, Gail." When Gail had secured her daughter's wrists he continued, "Now
  let's finish what we started at home, shall we Steffani?" All Steffi could
  do was sob in response.  
The cane was aimed, and then it whistled across
  Steffi's battered ass. Steffi's scream of pain was earsplitting. Cane strokes
  followed one after another, inflicting horrible pain on the poor teenager.
  Jacob drew out the punishment, allowing several seconds between strokes. For
  her part, Steffi struggled mightily, but could not break her mother's grip.
  The abusive punishment seemed to take forever, but the nineteenth stroke came
  at last.  
Steffi was given no time to recover. Jacob and
  Gail hauled their weeping daughter to her feet. They dragged her to the door,
  not even allowing her to put her skirt back on. Steffi recoiled when Daddy
  opened the door and exposed her to the whole neighborhood.  
Before leaving with his wife and daughter, Jacob
  turned to Mandy and gave her a frightening look. "Tell your father I'll be
  calling him tomorrow." With that, he turned and marched his half-naked daughter
  out the door and down the walk to his car.  
Steffi was abject. She was in agonizing pain, and
  utterly humiliated. Her only consolation was the fact that it was a dark night,
  and perhaps nobody could see her.  
All Steffi could do on the way home was cry.  
Steffi: 54 spanks  
Chapter Eleven: Complicity (Stef&#64257; &amp; Mandy)    
(MMFF/f, humiliation; MFM/f,
    spanking, severe, humiliation)   
The ride home from Mandy's house
  was miserable for Steffani. She was humiliated to have been beaten like that
  in front of Mandy, and she was utterly morti&#64257;ed that Daddy had made
  her walk from Mandy's front door to the car, naked from the waist down! Her
  face was still burning from the shame. And the pain! Stef&#64257; was sure
  that Daddy was purposely driving over every bump in the road. Her bare, blistered
  bottom felt like &#64257;re against the worn back seat of the car, and the
  bumps only made it worse.  
Even through her pain, though,
  Stef&#64257; was replaying the evening's other events in her mind. It had happened
  less than an hour ago, but it already felt like a dream. She had had sex with
  Mandy. And she had liked it. Really liked it. Oh my god, maybe I'm a lesbian!
  she wondered to herself. But she had no time to think any more about it, because
  her father was pulling the car into their driveway.  
When Stef&#64257; and her parents
  arrived at home, she was relieved that her father pulled the car into the garage.
  At least she wouldn't have to worry about the neighbors seeing her half-dressed.
  When they all got out of the car, Stef&#64257;'s parents made her walk ahead
  of them into the house.  
Once inside, Stef&#64257; fell
  to her knees in front of her father. Weeping, she begged, "Please, Daddy, no
  more spanking!" Her sobs became stronger and louder. "No more! I'll be good
  forever! It hurts so much! I can't take any more spanking! Please, Daddy? Please?"  
Jacob glared down at his sobbing
  daughter, and he relented. "All right. I think you've learned your lesson.
  We won't spank you anymore for this."  
Stef&#64257; breathed a big sigh
  of relief. "Oh, thank you daddy! I promise I'll be extra good from now on!
  Thank you! Thank &hellip;" She stopped when her father held up his hand.  
"You still need to be punished
  for running off. But we'll take care of that tomorrow. Just so you know, I'm
  going to call Mandy's parents tomorrow. I'm going to tell them what happened
  tonight. I'm sure Aaron and Cheryl will do the right thing and give her the
  punishment she deserves for her part in your little escapade."  
"Daddy," Stef&#64257; begged, "please
  don't call them! It wasn't Mandy's fault!"  
"It wasn't her fault that you
  went over there, but lying to me was her fault. She should have told me the
  truth. She didn't, and now she'll pay the consequences. Now, as for you&hellip;"  
"You promised no more spanking!" Stef&#64257; wailed.  
"I did. I also said you still
  needed to be punished. Take off the rest of your clothes."  
By now, Stef&#64257; was growing
  accustomed to this, so she offered no objection. A moment later she stood completely
  naked in front of her parents, head down in shame.  
"For your information, young lady,
  wearing clothes around this house is going to be a privilege from now on. For
  the next two days, you are not allowed to wear clothes." While Stef&#64257; stared
  at her dad, dumbfounded, he continued, "You will eat every meal with us naked.
  You will do your indoor chores naked." He paused and smiled, then said, "Privacy
  is also a privilege. For the rest of the weekend, you will leave your bedroom
  door open at all times. You will also use the bathroom with the door open.
  That includes using the toilet."  
"B-but Daddy&hellip;" Stef&#64257; stammered.
  She started crying again.  
"Don't worry, I'm not going to
  watch you go to the bathroom. But you will be reminded, twenty-four hours a
  day, no matter what you're doing, of your disobedience. I want you to think
  about your behavior all weekend. This punishment will end on Monday morning,
  when you will get dressed for school. Do you understand me?"  
"Y-yes, Daddy," Stef&#64257; mumbled.
  Tears were trickling down her cheeks.  
"Good. Now, it's late. Go to your
  room and go to bed." Jacob and Gail watched their crying daughter run up the
  stairs to her room.  
When Stef&#64257; was out of sight,
  Gail wrapped her arms around Jacob from behind. She reached around for his
  crotch and squeezed his package through his jeans. "You're hard again," she
  said coyly. "Do you want some help with that?"  
"And how." Jacob and Gail hurried
  to their bedroom to continue what they'd started after the &#64257;rst series
  of spankings they'd given Stef&#64257;.  
"You know, Jake, you're right.
  She isbuilt just like I was in high school." Gail began stripping off her clothes.  
Disrobing as quickly as he could,
  Jacob replied, "Well, she'd better not act like you did in high school." He
  winked at his wife, acknowledging her own sexual activity with him when they
  were teenagers. "If she thinks she's being spanked severely now&hellip;"  
"Let's cross that bridge when
  we come to it, Jake. Now, we've got better things to do&hellip;"  
Stef&#64257;, lying facedown on
  top of her bedspread in her darkened room with the door wide open, started
  thinking once more about her tryst with Mandy. Until that encounter, Stef&#64257; had
  never even masturbated much. And never to orgasm. But what Mandy had done,
  licking her&hellip; down there, had made her come. It felt so good, and yet
  she wondered if it was wrong. She knew Daddy would whip her terribly if he
  found out. But it felt so good. Stef&#64257; wondered again if perhaps she
  was a lesbian. The thought frightened her. She had always liked cute boys,
  but now, she wasn't sure. It felt so good, and it took her mind off of the
  pain of her spanking. It felt so good.  
Knowing that her parents were
  probably occupied with each other in their room, Stef&#64257; slipped a hand
  under herself and between her legs. She found her clitoris with her &#64257;ngers
  and started to rub it lightly. Soon, she felt a warm, tingly sensation in her
  loins. With her other hand under her, she squeezed one of her breasts, then
  lightly pinched her nipple. In her mind she replayed her scene with Mandy,
  and a few minutes later, she gasped as a gentle orgasm rocked her.  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
Stef&#64257; and her parents sat
  around the table eating lunch on Saturday afternoon. The young girl couldn't
  help noticing that her father kept glancing at her nude body. He was trying
  to be discreet about it, but Stef&#64257; could feel his eyes on her little
  boobs. Embarrassed, she pretended not to notice.  
When he &#64257;nished the last
  of his soup, Jacob got up and went to the phone. He dialed the Clark's number.
  A moment later Stef&#64257; heard him say, "Hello, Aaron! Jake McAllister here.
  Oh, I just needed to discuss a problem with you. Last night, I was punishing
  my wayward daughter. I decided to give her a break from her spanking and sent
  her to her room."  
Stef&#64257;'s felt her face reddening
  as she listened to her father casually telling Mr. Clark about her spanking.  
"While she was alone," Jacob continued, "She
  decided she would run off! And it seems she thought your house was the best
  place to go. Yes, your daughter Mandy hid her there." Jacob paused, listening
  to Aaron. "Well, my wife caught Stef&#64257; sneaking out your back door while
  your daughter was at the front door lying to me, telling me she hadn't seen
  Stef&#64257; all day!" Another pause. "I thought you'd see it that way, Aaron!
  I'll talk to you later!" Jacob hung up the phone and turned back to Stef&#64257;. "You'll
  be interested to know that Mandy is going to be punished for her lies." He
  went the the living room and tuned the TV to a college football game, then
  relaxed in his recliner.  
&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;&#63527;&#63528;  
Stef&#64257; was lying on her
  bed that evening after dinner when her mother walked into her bedroom. "We
  want you to come downstairs, Stef&#64257;." Wondering what was going on now,
  Stef&#64257; stood and reluctantly followed her mother down the stairs. She
  looked up as they reached the bottom.  
Her eyes wide, Stef&#64257; jumped
  back up a few steps. "Mom, I can't! Mandy's parents are there! Please don't
  make me go out there naked!" New tears welled in Stef&#64257;'s big blue eyes,
  pleading with her mother.  
Gail just took her daughter's
  arm and said, "This is part of your punishment for running away. Maybe the
  embarrassment will teach you a lesson. But you won't just be letting Doug and
  Cheryl see you naked. They have something in mind as well."  
"Oh god! You're gonna let them
  spank me!" Stef&#64257; said in a horri&#64257;ed whisper.  
"No. Let's get this over with.
  Now!" Still holding Stef&#64257;'s arm, Gail led her into the living room and
  made her stand beside Jacob's chair. Now Stef&#64257; saw that Mandy was present,
  too, sitting in another chair.  
Already thoroughly humiliated
  at being seen naked by Mandy's parents, Stef&#64257; felt her face burning
  even hotter when her father said, "Turn around and let Aaron and Cheryl see
  your bottom." Fighting back her tears, Stef&#64257; slowly turned her back
  to the guests.  
After a few moments of silence,
  Stef&#64257; heard Aaron say, "Very nice work, Jacob. I see you know how to
  handle discipline quite well! It just so happens that Cheryl and I know a thing
  or two about punishing wayward girls as well. Shall we proceed with our demonstration?"  
"Please," replied Jacob, "I'm
  interested in seeing your technique." To Stef&#64257; he said, "Turn back around,
  Stef&#64257;. You're going to watch this! I hope that seeing your friend getting
  what she deserves will teach you that your actions affect other people, not
  just you."  
Stef&#64257; turned around to
  see Mandy now standing in the center of the living room with her head down.
  Mandy was trembling slightly. At Aaron's command, Mandy began to disrobe. She
  pulled her T-shirt off over her head, folding it neatly before laying it on
  the coffee table. Next she unfastened her skirt, removing and folding this
  as well. She paused, looking nervous, until her father ordered her to quit
  stalling. Quickly, she unsnapped her bra and took it off. Mandy then hooked
  her &#64257;ngers into the waistband of her panties. Bending at the waist,
  she lowered them to the &#64258;oor and then stepped out of them.  
Cheryl slid over so she was sitting
  right next to Aaron, on his left. Aaron spoke to his daughter. "Mandy, go to
  the table and bring me the small and the medium paddle."  
Obediently, Mandy retrieved the
  speci&#64257;ed implements from a nearby table. Stef&#64257; saw that Mandy's
  parents must have brought their own spanking tools with them. Mandy handed
  both paddles to her father, who placed them next to himself on the sofa.  
"All right, Mandy, do you know
  why you're being punished?"  
"Yes sir. For having company without
  permission, and for letting Stef&#64257; hide at our house."  
"Yes. Now, bend over our laps.
  We already discussed the position." Aaron patted his thigh for emphasis.  
Stef&#64257; and her parents watched
  with interest as Mandy lay across both parent's laps. Her hips bent over her
  father's right thigh, and her chest was on her mother's lap. Cheryl opened
  her legs and Mandy's breasts fell between them. Then Cheryl closed her legs,
  neatly squeezing her daughter's dangling boobs. With Mandy in position, Cheryl
  pulled Mandy's wrists behind her back and held them there.  
Now Aaron began Mandy's punishment.
  His hand cracked across his daughter's raised bottom, striking it solidly at
  dead center. Mandy let out a soft gasp. Aaron continued spanking with his hand,
  smacking Mandy's bottom hard and steady. It wasn't long before the girl's butt
  acquired a rosy glow and she was obviously in pain. Though her cries were limited
  to gasps and grunts, her face was twisted in a grimace. Aaron didn't limit
  his spanks to the center of Mandy's rear &ndash; he covered her nates completely,
  not missing a spot. The spanking went on and on, not stopping until Mandy had
  endured one hundred solid blows and her ass glowed red.  
Without a word, Aaron picked up
  the small wooden paddle. He let it rest momentarily on Mandy's warm behind,
  and smiled grimly when he saw her glute muscles tense up. Then he raised the
  paddle and brought it down soundly on her right buttock. A yelp escaped the
  girl's throat when the second blow struck her left cheek. The paddling proceeded
  rapidly, alternating back and forth from one cheek to the other. Mandy started
  kicking her legs and struggling but she was held &#64257;rmly by her mother.
  Each blow from the paddle sent a resounding CRACK! through the room and Mandy's
  cries came more frequently. When he had administered &#64257;fty wallops Aaron
  set the small paddle aside.  
While he rubbed and squeezed his
  daughter's bottom, which by now was obviously marked, Aaron said to Stef&#64257;'s
  parents, "I think that should be a suf&#64257;cient warm-up! Now I can begin
  the real punishment!" With that, he took the second paddle in hand and once
  more let it rest for a moment on Mandy's butt. Stef&#64257; and her parent's
  watched Mandy trembling, anticipating the pain of the heavy wood hitting her
  sore bottom.  
The &#64257;rst blow came suddenly,
  making Mandy scream in pain when the hard wood crashed into her aching rear
  end. Both of her legs kicked straight out; she tried to raise her shoulders
  but was stopped when she remembered her breasts were still clamped solidly
  between her mother's thighs. Again and again and again the cruel paddle pounded
  her ass!  
WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! Mandy was now
  shrieking in agony with each blow, and her ass was showing more bruises. Aaron
  covered her butt well, taking special care to paddle the area where her buttocks
  met the tops of her thighs. She wouldn't be sitting comfortably for a few days!
  Finally the paddling stopped, and Mandy had taken another &#64257;fty.  
"Get up, Mandy." Cheryl opened
  her legs to free her daughter's tits, while Aaron guided the girl to her feet.
  Turning back to Jacob and Gail, Aaron said, "That should punish her suf&#64257;ciently
  for breaking my rule about having company without permission."  
"Excuse me, Aaron," Jacob said. "I
  was wondering &mdash; do you always spank Mandy in the nude like this?"  
"No. We always spank her on the
  bare butt, but most of the time that just involves lifting her skirt or dropping
  her pants, and taking her panties down to her knees." While her father spoke,
  Mandy wept quietly, giving no indication that her father's words were embarrassing
  her. "We only strip her for the most serious offenses. I feel the nudity adds
  some shaming to the punishment, and makes it more effective. The punishment
  is enhanced without having to necessarily spank her any harder."  
Aaron looked at his wife, then
  at Mandy before returning his gaze to Stef&#64257;'s parents. "I believe she
  is also guilty of lying to you. Would you two like to do the honors of punishing
  her for that offense?"  
There was a moment of uncertain
  silence before Jacob spoke. "Are you sure, Doug? I should warn you that Gail
  and I spank just as severely as you do."  
"Yes, I'm sure. Mandy has been
  more naughty than usual tonight. I think the added humiliation of being spanked
  by her friend's parents should teach her a lesson she won't forget! And as
  often as Mandy gives us behavior problems, she's quite accustomed to harsh
  punishment."  
"Then we will be happy to punish
  her."  
Aaron said to Mandy, "Go to Stef&#64257;'s
  parents. You will follow their instructions well, or you will get even more
  when we get home!"  
"Daddy, please&hellip;"  
"That's thirty with the belt when
  we get home, for arguing. Would you like to make it more?"  
"No, sir." Mandy turned slowly
  and walked to stand before Jacob and Gail. "I'm sorry I lied to you. I know
  I deserve whatever punishment you have for me. Please, punish me."  
"Since you've already been warmed
  up, I thought I'd just proceed directly to the severe punishment," said Jacob, "but
  then I decided I'd like to feel the results of your father's spanking for myself.
  So, if you'll bend over my lap I'll give you a second 'warm-up' with my hand."  
Trembling and blushing, Mandy
  positioned herself for yet another whacking. She lay across Jacob's lap and
  placed her palms &#64258;at on the carpet. She didn't understand why this situation
  felt so humiliating. After all, she was no stranger to being spanked in the
  nude, and had no problem with being seen naked by other people. Maybe, she
  thought, it was because she was being forced to strip and submit to this &mdash; to
  being spanked naked by Stef&#64257;'s dad, of all people. There was fear mixed
  with the humiliation. Mandy had already witnessed Jacob's cruelty. Nervously,
  she waited to see how Stef&#64257;'s dad spanked. The wait was short.  
Before he started spanking, Jacob
  took the opportunity to run his hand all over Mandy's red bottom. He heard
  the girl whimpering while he felt her hot, bumpy, well-spanked ass. He also
  couldn't help noticing that Mandy's butt was even shapelier than his own daughter's &ndash; no
  doubt it was because she was a little older. I hope she doesn't notice I'm
  getting a hard-on, Jacob thought.  
Finished with feeling Mandy's
  butt, Jacob raised his arm and brought his hand down solidly on the center
  of her blushing cheeks. WHACK! He slapped her bottom again, and again, and
  again, making her kick and squeal with each blow.  
Stef&#64257; had been watching
  all of this in wide-eyed horror. She couldn't believe her dad was spanking
  her friend! And so hard! Was he going to punish Mandy as badly as he spanked
  Stef&#64257;? She watched her best friend's butt turn darker and darker. It
  was one thing to be punished herself, but watching somebody else get it from
  her dad was a new experience for Stef&#64257;. From her position right beside
  her father she had a better vantage point than she'd had while Mandy was being
  spanked by her own dad, and she realized she found it fascinating to watch
  the way her dad's hand sank into the soft &#64258;esh each time it struck,
  and the way Mandy wiggled and jerked with each blow. Is that how I look when
  I'm getting spanked, she wondered to herself. Poor Mandy! How embarrassing!  
But as she continued to watch
  Mandy's bottom bouncing under her dad's hard hand, she began to notice how
  attractive Mandy's butt was. Even bruised and battered, she thought it was
  a nice butt. And each time Mandy's legs kicked, they spread apart slightly,
  allowing Stef&#64257; glimpses of her pussy, the same pussy that, only the
  day before, Stef&#64257; had explored with &#64257;ngers, lips, and tongue.
  Stef&#64257;'s mind returned to that scene, and she remembered the exciting,
  pleasurable sensations she had felt for the &#64257;rst time. Now, she suddenly
  felt a stirring deep inside herself. She was surprised when she realized that
  she thought Mandy looked very sexy, draped over her father's lap, squirming
  and kicking and squealing.  
Stef&#64257; longed to touch herself,
  to give release to the churning sensations inside of her, but she didn't dare.
  She didn't want to risk anybody seeing her doing it; she would have to wait
  until she was alone.  
Jacob &#64257;nished the hand
  spanking at &#64257;fty, delivering the last blow as hard as he could to the
  center of Mandy's &#64258;aming red ass. He helped Mandy to her feet, then
  addressed her father. "With your permission, I'll &#64257;nish with a new strap
  I recently picked up. I was saving it to use on Steffani, but I think I'd like
  to go ahead and use it now."  
Mr. Clark replied, "May I examine
  it, &#64257;rst? I prefer to be careful, because I don't want to do any serious
  harm when I spank my daughter."  
"Of course." Jacob left the room
  for a moment, returning with his new tool. He handed the razor strop to Aaron
  for his approval.  
"Very nice, Jake. Already broken
  in and everything. My own father kept one of these around, and used it on me
  and my brothers and sisters from time to time. None of us sufferered any permanent
  harm. Go ahead." He handed the strap back to Jacob.  
"Since you've had experience with
  a razor strop," Jacob said, "do you have any suggestions about the best way
  to use it?"  
Aaron chuckled and said, "You'll
  need some help if you want to use it the way my dad used it." He pointed to
  the arm of the sofa. "Get yourself bent over, Mandy. Now."  
Mandy, staring at the big, heavy
  strap, sobbed, "No, please, no, Daddy!  
"Young lady, if I have to tell
  you one more time&hellip;"  
Resigned to her fate, Mandy slowly
  walked to the end of the sofa and draped herself over the padded arm. Tears
  poured from her eyes, and she continued to plead. "No, Daddy, don't let him!
  No, no!"  
Ignoring her, Aaron took her wrists
  and held them &#64257;rmly. "No more than ten strokes, Jake. That strop's a
  serious tool. And trust me, ten is more than enough."  
Jacob turned to Stef&#64257; and
  said, "Stand on the other side of your friend. I want you to see this." When
  Stef&#64257; had moved to the speci&#64257;ed place and Gail was also in position
  to watch, he rested the strap on Mandy's bottom to gauge the distance. Satisifed
  with that, he was ready.  
The strop came back, and then
  it was sailing through the air in an arc that &#64257;nished with a resounding
  slap across Mandy's buttocks. The intensity of the blow was evident; Mandy's
  scream of pain was louder than any of her previous cries. She thrashed and
  struggled to escape, but her father held her arms &#64257;rmly. Jacob discovered
  that, because the strop was so heavy, he didn't need to put a lot of force
  behind it. He just needed to swing it, and the weight would do most of the
  work.  
"Aaaaaaiiiiiieeeee! Please, no
  more!" Mandy's sobs shook her body.  
The next stroke smacked Mandy's
  butt just as hard as the &#64257;rst, and her scream was even louder. Jacob
  paused before the next blow to allow Mandy's struggles to stop, then whipped
  her again. He had to wait a bit longer after each stroke. It was clear that
  the strop was an extremely severe implement! Perhaps,he thought, this demonstration
  will be enough to keep Steffani in line from now on.  
The fourth and &#64257;fth strokes
  maintained the same strength with which Jacob had delivered the &#64257;rst
  three, but when he saw the marks the strop was leaving, he relented and held
  back on the remaining &#64257;ve blows. Still, the ten strokes left Mandy's
  ass bruised and blistered. Jacob actually felt a little bit sorry for Mandy.
  She deserved it, though,he thought to himself.  
"Well, Jake," said Aaron, "I trust
  that you're satis&#64257;ed?"  
"Yes. I think both of these naughty
  girls have learned their lesson. Let's hope that they remember it for a long
  time!"  
"I think they will."  
Mandy, when her father had released
  her wrists, had slumped to the &#64258;oor, where she now knelt next to the
  end of the sofa. Her forehead rested against the arm of the sofa, while she
  sobbed. She was gingerly rubbing her blazing bottom, trying to massage away
  the worst pain she had ever felt. Stef&#64257; just stood and stared at her
  friend's damaged butt, and she was crying almost as hard as Mandy. She cast
  several horri&#64257;ed glances at her father, and at Mandy's father.  
"I guess we'll be going now," said
  Aaron. "I assure you that, in the future, Mandy will think twice before lying
  to you. Or anybody else, for that matter." Turning to his daughter, he said, "Get
  dressed, Mandy."  
There was silence all around while
  Mandy dressed herself. Everyone watched while she gingerly struggled to pull
  her panties over her well-beaten bottom. At least she's got a skirt to wear,
  and not tight jeans,Stef&#64257; thought. As soon as Mandy was dressed, she
  and her parents took their leave.  
"Daddy?" Stef&#64257; said.  
"What, Stef&#64257;?" Jacob replied.  
"Were you really going to use
  that strap on me?"  
"If I think you deserve it, yes.
  But if you stay out of trouble, and do what you're supposed to do, then you
  don't have anything to worry about." Jacob looked at his naked daughter and
  continued, "Now, don't you have some chores to do?"  
Mandy: 260  
Chapter Twelve: Brotherly Love (Mandy)    
(m/f, spanking, bdsm [light],
    sex, incest, cons)   
It had been six weeks since that
  awful night when Mandy's parents had made her strip naked in front of Stef&#64257;'s
  parents, and then spanked her while they watched. She shuddered, remembering
  how they had then allowed Stef&#64257;'s father to spank her and whip her with
  a big, heavy razor strop. That had been the worst punishment Mandy had ever
  gotten. And, to make matters worse, Stef&#64257;'s dad had an obvious boner
  the whole time!  
Still, there was a good side to
  the whole situation. Afterward, her parents seemed to have realized that they
  had gone too far in letting Mr. McAllister punish her so severely. And, though
  they believed in shaming her by making her disrobe for some spankings, they
  had apparently decided that humiliating her in front of other people had been
  the wrong thing to do. The result was that Mandy had not gotten a single spanking
  since that night. That had made her happy. She had hardly been able to sit
  down for about a week after Mr. McAllister whipped her, and it had taken almost
  three more weeks before all the marks faded away.  
On the other hand, Mandy was starting
  to get very horny and frustrated. Her parents left her alone, but so had Rick.
  Mandy thought that he must feel sorry for her too, and that's why he hadn't
  approached her lately. Sure, there were a number of boys she knew whom she
  could have seduced, but she hadn't wanted any of them to see her marked bottom.
  So after six weeks with no sex, Mandy was a little tense.  
That was going to end tonight,
  though. Her parents had gone away for the weekend, leaving Mandy home alone
  with Rick. He was in his room right now, and Mandy was in hers, standing naked
  in front of her full-length mirror.  
Mandy had a plan. She opened her
  underwear drawer and found a little leopard-print thong panty. When she had
  put it on she turned her back to the mirror and looked over her shoulder at
  her re&#64258;ection. Satis&#64257;ed with the way the thong showed off her
  butt, she took out her new bra and put it on. It was black and lacy, and the
  top edges of the cups barely concealed her nipples. Pads in the cups pushed
  her breasts up and made them look a bit bigger.  
Next, Mandy pulled on her shortest,
  tightest miniskirt, a little red spandex number. She adjusted it as short as
  it would go, until the hem was just barely lower than her crotch. Again she
  studied herself in the mirror. The tiny skirt showed off a lot of leg, revealing
  just enough to pique the imagination. Satis&#64257;ed with the skirt, Mandy
  topped everything off with a white, cropped tank top. The shirt left most of
  her midriff bare, and was nice and tight so that it molded itself perfectly
  to her breasts. While studying herself in the mirror one more time, Mandy brie&#64258;y
  considered putting on a pair of spike-heeled sandals, but decided to just leave
  her feet bare.  
Ever since she had discovered
  her brother's cache of porn videos, Mandy had taken every opportunity to secretly
  watch the movies and study the things the actors did. She had masturbated furiously
  along with the onscreen action, bringing herself to multiple orgasms every
  time, but it wasn't enough. She needed a cock. Because Rick had never made
  her come, she had paid special attention to the scenes where the same guy had
  orgasmed more than once. She had already seen how a guy could fuck one girl,
  take a break and then fuck another girl a few minutes later. She had also watched
  a few scenes where a guy fucked a girl, and then when he went limp the girl
  sucked him until he was hard again.  
What especially interested Mandy
  was the way these porn actors would last longer the second time they had sex.
  Maybe, Mandy thought, if Rick lasts longer the second time, he'll make me come!  
Mandy was ready. She took a deep
  breath and walked out of her room and down the hallway to Rick's bedroom. Standing
  outside his door, she waited, heart pounding. She was nervous, because she
  had never actually seduced her brother before. Every time they'd had sex, she
  had allowed him to think he was punishing her, or that she was just making
  a trade so that he wouldn't tell their parents about some misbehavior on her
  part. She had always let him think that she didn't really like it.  
After tonight, he would know better.  
Placing her ear against Rick's
  bedroom door, Mandy heard the telltale sound of a porn video playing on Rick's
  TV. Immediately, Mandy knew how she would keep Rick busy long enough after
  he fucked her so that he could recover and fuck her again. She would give him
  excuses to spank her. Mandy knew that Rick liked spanking her, so provoking
  him would be easy, but she winced at the thought of how much spanking she'd
  have to coax out of him, and endure, to allow enough time for his recovery.
  But she resolved to go through with it. She thought to herself, Maybe he's
  right. Maybe I do like it. Maybe he'll spank my boobs again&hellip;  
It was time to get Rick's attention.
  Taking a deep breath, Mandy twisted the doorknob and pushed the door inward,
  simultaneously calling, "Hey, Rick!" As she expected, it only opened an inch
  before banging against somthing heavy that Rick had placed in front of it.
  Mandy was grati&#64257;ed when she heard the television click off and heard
  Rick cursing. She backed up against the wall opposite Rick's door, and struck
  what she hoped was a seductive pose.  
"Godammit, Mandy!" Rick yelled
  from within his room. "You know you're supposed to knock before you try to
  come in here!" Mandy could tell Rick was mad, and she could hear him pushing
  something away from the door. "You've just earned yourself a spanking! Mom
  and Dad said I could spank you if you misbehaved! So I'm gonna&hellip;"  
The door opened, and Rick stopped
  in mid-yell when he saw his younger sister dressed like a hooker. He let out
  a long, low whistle as his eyes traveled up and down her body. "Holy shit,
  Mandy, why are you dressed like that?" He kept staring, obviously liking what
  he saw. He was dressed only in a T-shirt and briefs, and it was obvious that
  he already had a hard-on, probably because he'd been watching porn, but in
  no way diminished now that he was staring at his sister. "You look fuckin'
  hot!"  
"I was hoping you'd think so," Mandy
  replied. "Wanna fuck?"  
Rick's jaw dropped. "I&hellip;"  
"I'll take that as a yes," Mandy
  said, grinning. She walked toward her big brother and put her hands on his
  muscular chest. Then she pushed, making him back up. When she had backed him
  up to his bed, she gave him a push, and he fell onto his back.  
"Mandy, what are you up to?" Rick
  asked, completely befuddled by Mandy's behavior.  
"Shhhhhh." Mandy put a &#64257;nger
  to her lips. She bent down and grabbed the waistband of Rick's briefs and pulled
  them down his legs and off. Pushing his legs apart, she kneeled on the &#64258;oor
  and grabbed his hard cock with one hand. "Have I ever told you you've got a
  big one?"  
Without waiting for an answer,
  Mandy went down on her brother. She sucked as hard as she could and took him
  all the way to her tonsils.  
"Oh, shit, Mandy! Shit!"  
Mandy looked into Rick's eyes
  as she bobbed up and down on his throbbing shaft. She was amused by the look
  on his face, and knew it was going to be even better in a few seconds. When
  she was satis&#64257;ed that Rick's cock was as hard as it was going to get,
  she stood up. She climbed onto the bed and straddled her brother. Reaching
  under her miniskirt, she pulled the crotch of her thong to one side and lowered
  herself onto Rick's cock.  
"Oh god, Rick, that feels so good!" Mandy
  moaned as she sank down until her pussy was enveloping Rick's whole dick. She
  held herself there for a moment to savor the sensation, then rose up until
  only the head of the shaft was inside her. Down she went again, then back up,
  riding her brother with wild abandon. "Oooooooo," she purred, enjoying Rick's
  facial expressions almost as much as the feel of his dick inside her.  
"M-Mandy," Rick stuttered, "Don't
  forget I can't c-come inside you!"  
"Just tell me when you're about
  to do it," Mandy gasped, "and I'll get off&hellip;" She bounced on his cock
  even faster, and was already nearing climax herself. I must have needed this
  more than I thought!  
As Mandy had expected, it was
  only a minute later when Rick hollered, "I'm gonna come!"  
Mandy immediately rose up off
  of her brother. Kneeling on the bed beside him, she lowered her mouth to his
  trembling dick. His &#64257;rst blast of spooge erupted before she could get
  her lips around him, and it splattered against her cheek. Giggling, Mandy took
  Rick into her mouth and caught the rest of his load.  
This was the &#64257;rst time,
  she realized, that she had ever let a guy &#64257;nish in her mouth. Typically,
  she made her "boyfriends" wear a rubber, and they would usually shoot off in
  the rubber while they were fucking her. In the past she had only let Rick come
  on her face and tits because she knew he thought it was part of her punishment.
  Of course, she had tasted Rick's semen before, but only by scooping it up and
  licking it off her &#64257;ngers. She liked the &#64258;avor, and was now discovering
  that the juices shooting directly into her mouth produced a pleasant sensation.
  Mandy sucked hard, trying to coax every last drop out of her brother's dick.
  A moment later she felt him softening, and knew he was done.  
Mandy rose back up on her knees
  and smiled mischievously at Rick, who still wore a dazed expression. She opened
  her mouth wide and showed him that she hadn't swallowed &mdash; her mouth was
  full of his juices. Rick looked on in surprise when Mandy closed her mouth,
  swallowed dramatically and then opened her mouth to show him that his come
  was gone. Rick was wide-eyed and his own mouth was hanging open.  
"Mandy, what has gotten into you?" Rick &#64257;nally
  asked.  
Mandy laid down beside her brother
  and pressed her body against his. "I was really, really, really horny. I've
  been hoping for about a week that you'd want to have sex, but you never said
  anything, so I decided to take matters into my own hands." While she spoke,
  Mandy lightly ran her &#64257;ngers up and down Rick's chest. "Hey, take off
  your shirt, okay?"  
Rick sat up and pulled off his
  shirt, then said, "I thought you didn't like having sex with me, Mandy. You
  never acted like you enjoyed it before&hellip;"  
"You're silly, Rick," Mandy teased. "Of
  course I pretended I didn't like it! I was afraid you'd stop if you didn't
  think you were 'punishing' me!"  
"You mean, all this time, any
  time I wanted to&hellip;"  
"You just had to ask." Mandy leaned
  in and kissed her brother's cheek. "Of course, I probably would have kept pretending
  not to like it. You know, to let you think I was only doing it to get out of
  a spanking from Mom and Dad."  
"Speaking of that, don't think
  this gets you out of a spanking for trying to come in my room without knocking.
  I'm still gonna spank you for that, you know."  
This was what Mandy was waiting
  for. She immediately put on a contrite expression. "Oh, yeah. I'm sorry about
  that. Um, are you gonna spank me hard?"  
"Heh. Well, it wasn't that big
  a deal, so I'll just spank you with my hand. Okay?"  
"How many?" Mandy asked. She hoped
  it was a lot.  
"I'll just spank you until I decide
  you've learned your lesson. Not too many, I guess."  
Mandy decided to be bold. "You
  can spank me a lot if you want," she said very softly. She lowered her eyes
  and didn't look at her brother.  
Rick was quiet for a moment, then
  said, "Okay, Mandy, now I reallywant to know what's going on. Spill it."  
"Um, well&hellip;" Mandy thought
  for a moment and then said, "Remember a while ago when you said you think I
  like getting spanked?"  
"I was just joking, Mandy," Rick
  replied.  
"I know, but&hellip; I think you
  were right. I think I do like it." Mandy felt heat in her face, and knew she
  was blushing. "Maybe I get in trouble all the time on purpose. I mean, not
  on purpose, but&hellip;"  
"I think I know what you mean," Rick
  said, grinning. "Well, from now on, I'll spank you whenever you want. You probably
  already know I like givingspankings."  
"Yeah, I kinda thought you did.
  But I wasn't sure if it was just because you got to see me naked when you spanked
  me, or &hellip; if you really liked spanking me."  
Rick laughed and said, "I like
  spanking you, and I like seeing you naked, and I like having sex with you&hellip; hell,
  Mandy, you're the hottest girl I know!"  
"Really?"  
"Every guy at my school wants
  to fuck you, Mandy."  
Mandy giggled and said, "But every
  guy doesn't want to fuck his own sister!" She rolled her eyes and tossed her
  hair and continued, "Besides, I think I already have fucked every guy at your
  school! Oh god, I'm such a slut!"  
Laughing, Rick assured his sister, "Oh,
  you haven't even come close to getting with all of them, Mandy. I would have
  heard about it if you had. Now, there are a few guys who claimthat they've
  had you, besides the ones I already know about, but I think they're full of
  shit."  
"Okay, yeah, I guess I've only
  slept with ten different guys. That's like a different guy every month since
  I lost my cherry to Billy." Mandy looked up at Rick and said, "Anyway, weren't
  you about to spank me?"  
"Yes, I think I was." Rick scooted
  to the edge of the bed and said, "All right, get yourself over my lap!"  
Mandy tried to look reluctant,
  but in fact she was eager. Over Rick's lap she went. Rick started spanking
  her almost immediately, on her skirt. The skirt wasn't much protection, though,
  and the sting came through loud and clear. Mandy endured it mostly in silence,
  only offering an occasional grunt or yelp. She was waiting for Rick to notice
  her thong, but she could feel that her skirt wasn't riding up enough for him
  to see it. That surprised her, because as short as the skirt was, she thought
  it would ride up as soon as she bent over his lap.  
Rick took a few minutes to deliver
  two hundred sharp spanks to the back of Mandy's skirt, then asked her, "Are
  you ready to get it on your bare ass?"  
"Yeah, spank my bare butt, Rick&hellip;" Mandy
  said softly. "Teach me a lesson!"  
"Then let's get your skirt up
  and your panties down&hellip;" Rick tugged Mandy's skirt up to her waist and
  exclaimed, "A thong!"  
"Do you like it, Rick?"  
"Oh yeah! It looks sexy, Mandy.
  You have a really great ass, so you look good in a thong."  
"Really? Thanks!"  
"It makes it easy to spank your
  bare butt, too," Rick chuckled as he administered a hard smack to Mandy's right
  cheek. He watched the way her already-pink &#64258;esh turned white for an
  instant where his hand smacked against her bottom. He spanked and spanked and
  spanked, and before long the pink darkened to red. Mandy's entire bottom was
  hot and she was starting to squirm. The bare-bottom hand spanking went on for
  a long time, though Rick didn't spank steadily. He paused frequently to squeeze
  and massage his sister's ass, rubbing away some of the pain and then creating
  new pain with another &#64258;urry of spanks. From time to time he spanked
  very slowly, letting several seconds go by between smacks.  
More than once during the hand
  spanking, Rick paused and slipped his hand between Mandy's legs. Rubbing her
  pussy through the thin fabric of her thong, he would say, "Tell me again why
  I'm spanking you."  
"You're spanking me because I
  tried to come in your room without knocking &#64257;rst," Mandy would moan.
  Rick's &#64257;ngers were really turning her on. She knew her pussy was wet,
  and that Rick could feel it soaking her panties.  
"That's right. And how long has
  knocking &#64257;rst been a rule?"  
"Years and&hellip; ooooh&hellip; years&hellip;"  
"That's right!" Rick would answer,
  and lay into Mandy's butt with a rapid series of very hard spanks. Mandy's
  rear end was positively glowing from the spanking.  
The hand spanking &#64257;nally
  ended with the three-hundreth spank to Mandy's bare bottom, more because Rick's
  hand was really starting to sting than because he thought Mandy had been punished
  suf&#64257;ciently. "All right, Mandy, have you learned your lesson? Will you
  remember to knock from now on?"  
I&hellip; I promise, Rick. I'll
  always knock from now on!"  
Rick allowed Mandy to stand up,
  and her hands &#64258;ew to her sore bottom. When Rick asked how her bottom
  felt, she replied, "It's hot, and it hurts!" But the spanking hadn't been severe
  enough to make her cry, and she secretly wished it wasn't over yet. Glancing
  down, she saw that Rick hadn't yet regained his erection. She was about to
  say something to encourage him to spank her some more, but he saved her the
  trouble.  
"Now, Mandy, let's talk some more
  about that thong you're wearing," Rick said sternly.  
"Wh-what about it?"  
"I remember you, when you were
  thirteen, trying to talk Mom and Dad into letting you wear thongs. I also remember
  that they told you 'no'. They said that, when you turned sixteen, you could
  wear thongs, but until then you'd have to be satis&#64257;ed with regular panties.
  Do you remember that?"  
"Um, yes&hellip;" Mandy was staring
  at her toes.  
"Good. Now, you know good and
  well that &#64257;fteen and a half is not sixteen," Rick said. "So, you are
  breaking Mom and Dad's rule right this minute. I'll have to punish you for
  that. Now tell me something else. Did you buy that thong special for today?"  
"N-no."  
"I didn't think so. How long have
  you had it?  
"Couple months."  
"I see. So I assume that you've
  worn it out of the house from time to time?" Rick was looking very serious
  now.  
"Yeah. Sometimes."  
"Then I'll have to punish you
  for that, too. One more question: Have you ever worn it out of the house under
  a short skirt?"  
"Yeeeeessss!" Mandy groaned.  
"Then I think you know that means
  even more spanking. I don't think Mom and Dad would allow that, even if you
  were sixteen. So," Rick smiled at his little sister's obvious nervousness,
  then continued, "since you've broken Mom and Dad's rule, I'll spank you like
  they would. Take off your skirt and T-shirt." A moment later, Mandy was stripped
  down to her thong and bra.  
"Now," Rick directed, "go downstairs
  and get Dad's paddle &mdash; the big one &mdash; and bring it back here."  
"Um, Rick? Dad would spank me
  downstairs."  
"Oh, you're right. To do this
  right, I'll go downstairs and sit in his chair. You come down a minute later.
  I'll be waiting for you." With that, Rick left his room and went downstairs.
  In the living room, he made sure the curtains were shut and then took a seat
  in his father's recliner. He tried to sit like his dad would. Of course, his
  dad wouldn't be naked&hellip;  
One minute later, Mandy came timidly
  down the stairs and stood in front of her brother. "I've been a bad girl, Rick.
  I deserve a good spanking. Please paddle my bottom," she said, using the words
  reserved for spankings from her parents and sometimes from Rick when it was
  a full-family punishment. Sometimes she was punished in her bra and panties,
  when her misbehaviour warranted more than a pants-down spanking but less than
  a naked spanking. Thinking about it, Dad would probably order a naked spanking
  for the offense for which she was now going to be spanked. Rick was letting
  her off easy.  
"Fetch the&hellip; small paddle,
  Mandy," Rick said.  
Mandy turned and walked to the
  coat closet where the spanking implements were kept. Although she knew that
  for today at least, she and Rick were playing a little game, she still felt
  the familiar butter&#64258;ies in her stomach as she approached the closet.
  As she took the paddle from its place, she wondered if those butter&#64258;ies
  were a physical manifestation of the inexplicable attraction she felt toward
  doing things to earn spankings. Her typical misbehavior was almost unintentional;
  she didn't mean to be disobedient. It was almost like something compelled her
  to break the rules and earn frequent punishment. Was the &#64258;uttering in
  her stomach signifying the strange excitement she felt before every spanking?
  Mandy wished she knew.  
Rick took the offered paddle from
  his sister's hand, and patted his thigh. Mandy, compliant, draped herself across
  his lap without protest. "Punish my naughty bottom, Rick," she whispered.  
"This part of your paddling is
  for simply owning and wearing this thong, Mandy." Rick raised the paddle and
  slammed it against Mandy's right butt cheek. He delivered a second blow to
  her left buttock, and then the third to the right side again. Because he didn't
  want to leave serious marks on his sister, he only gave her ten spanks with
  the small paddle, &#64257;ve to each cheek. They were solid spanks, though,
  and Rick spaced them so that each buttock was well covered.  
It's strange,Mandy thought, but
  right now I feel like I'm really being spanked by Daddy&hellip;She was about
  to ask Rick why he had only spanked her ten times, but then she realized that
  he was trying not to mark her.  
"All right, Mandy, get up and
  put this paddle away, and bring me the large paddle," Rick said. He watched
  Mandy wiggle across the room again, and admired his handiwork. Maybe, if I'm
  lucky, he thought to himself, Mandy will start behaving better and get spanked
  less my Mom and Dad. Then I can spank her more often without worrying about
  them seeing any marks I leave.Mandy handed him the large paddle and went back
  over his knees.  
The large paddle was about &#64257;ve
  inches wide, and fourteen inches long, not counting the handle. It was long
  enough to cover both of Mandy's butt cheeks with each blow. Rick let the paddle
  rest on Mandy's bottom for a moment so that she could feel its weight. He could
  feel her trembling in anticipation. He brought the paddle up and swung it down
  across the meaty center of his sister's butt. Mandy had been relatively quiet
  throughout her spankings so far, but now she let out a little yelp. Rick's
  second blow slammed into Mandy's sit spot, and the third just below her tailbone.  
A second round of three spanks
  landed on exactly the same spots, and Mandy was crying out her pain with each
  blow. She hollered especially loud at the spanks to her sit spot; she felt
  the impact of those smacks in her pussy lips! Four more spanks came, these
  overlapping the spots hit by the &#64257;rst six blows.  
"Please, Daddy," Mandy sobbed, "I've
  had enough!"  
"Oh, you haven't had quite enough,
  young lady," Rick replied. "There's still the matter of your wearing a thong
  out of the house, under a short skirt! Stand up!" Pointing to the ottoman in
  the middle of the room, he said, "I think you know the position." Indeed, Mandy
  knew the position. She stepped to the ottoman and bent at the waist, placing
  her hands &#64258;at on top of the footstool and then placing her feet about
  a yard apart. Rick stood to one side and slightly behind his sister.  
The paddle smashed the paddle
  against Mandy's red ass, hard enough to make her squeal in pain. "Oooooooooooow!
  That one really hurt, Rick!" She rocked forward and back, trying to drive out
  the pain.  
"Good." Rick hauled back and slammed
  Mandy's butt with the paddle again and again, until the count reached ten.
  He paused between each blow to allow her to return to the proper position before
  delivering the next blow. When he &#64257;nished, he allowed Mandy to stand
  and rub her bottom. "Here, put the paddle away." He handed the paddle back
  to his sister and watched her walk gingerly across the room to return it to
  its place.  
When Mandy walked back to her
  brother she glanced at his penis and was encouraged to see that it was showing
  signs of life. But not enough. Fortunately, Rick was on a roll, and had more
  'fun' in mind.  
"You know, Mandy, while I was
  paddling you I started thinking," Rick said, folding his arm across his chest.  
"About what?"  
"Let's go back upstairs &#64257;rst," Rick
  replied. He let Mandy lead the way so that he could follow and look at her
  butt.  
Once the siblings were in Rick's
  bedroom again, Rick said to Mandy, "I was wondering about what you did when
  we had sex before I spanked you. You seem to have learned some new tricks!"  
Mandy giggled. "Yeah, I guess
  I have! Did you like them?"  
"Oh yeah! You were great! But&hellip; every
  time we've fucked before, we always just did it in the missionary position &mdash; you
  know, you on your back and me between your legs. We've never done it with you
  on top before. And I know that you've always done other guys in their cars,
  and it's hard to do any different position in a car. At least that's what I've
  found out when I've done it in a car. Besides, those guys always tell me what
  they do with you."  
"Most guys would be afraid to
  tell another guy what they did with his sister," Mandy pointed out with a grin.  
Rick laughed at that and replied, "Yeah,
  but these guys are all my good friends. And except for Billy, the &#64257;rst
  guy you did, I &#64257;xed all of them up with you because they wanted to have
  sex with you. I knew what was going to happen, and they knew that."  
"Yeah, and you knew I wanted to
  sleep with them, too."  
"Right. I wouldn't &#64257;x you
  up with one of my friends unless you wanted me to," Rick said. "But we're getting
  off the subject. Not only did we do it with you on top this time, but you also
  let me come in your mouth, and you swallowed. I've never heard of you swallowing
  before."  
"Um, so what's your point?" Mandy
  answered, knowing exactly where this conversation was going.  
"I want to know how you learned
  those things," Rick said.  
In answer, Mandy glanced down
  at her brother's footlocker, then back at him.  
Astonished, Rick said, "You've
  been watching my videos?" When Mandy nodded, he continued, "That means you've
  been coming in my room when I'm gone! Coming in my room and getting into my
  stuff!"  
Blushing, Mandy admitted that
  Rick was right. She knew it meant another spanking, but she was willing to
  take it because Rick's cock still wasn't all the way hard.  
"All right, I'm afraid I'm going
  to have to spank you again, Mandy. Even though you learned some good stuff
  from watching my videos, you should have asked &#64257;rst." He opened a dresser
  drawer and took out his belt. Then he pulled out his desk chair. "Bend over
  the back of the chair and hold onto the seat."  
Mandy quickly got into position.
  The back of the chair was high enough that she had to keep her legs together
  and almost stand on her tiptoes. It was a perfect position in which to receive
  a belt whipping. She waited nervously.  
Rick stepped behind his sister
  and tugged her thong down her legs. "Let's get this out of the way," he said.
  Mandy stepped out of the tiny undergarment, and was now left wearing only her
  bra. Rick knew she would feel vulnerable in this position, with her pussy clearly
  visible. He folded his belt in half and said, "This is for coming into my room
  when I'm not here."  
The belt slashed across Mandy's
  already-burning ass, and she squealed at the sting. Rick whipped her hard and
  fast, and Mandy's legs were soon dancing and her butt was wiggling back and
  forth in an instinctive attempt to avoid the belt. She hadn't cried during
  her previous spankings, but she did now. Tears poured from her eyes and her
  makeup streaked her face. Rick wasn't whipping her nearly as hard as her father
  usually did, but it still hurt. The worst pain was mostly due to the fact that
  her bottom already hurt before the whipping started. Had she not been spanked
  immediately before the whipping, it wouldn't have hurt nearly as bad.  
Mandy also realized that she hadn't
  expected her forays into Rick's room to be found out, and that now she felt
  honestly bad about it. Because she felt guilty, she welcomed the punishment
  she was now enduring. She forced herself to hold her bottom still so that Rick
  could whip her properly. She let herself drift into the familiar release of
  guilt that came with punishment. When she reached that point, the pain turned
  to pleasure.  
Rick only whipped Mandy thirty
  times. When he had dealt the &#64257;nal stroke, he said, "I'd better stop.
  If I keep spanking you, you'll have lasting marks. Your ass probably shouldn't
  be showing marks, just in case you get in trouble with Mom and Dad in the next
  few days."  
Still bent over, Mandy said, "Thank
  you for punishing me, Rick. I deserved it."  
Rick stepped close behind Mandy
  when she stood back up. He made her gasp when he pressed against her sore bottom.
  Reaching around her, he took her breasts in his hands and squeezed gently.
  Pulling her against him, he said, "However, the belt was only for coming into
  my room when I was gone. You still need to be punished for getting into my
  things, which is a serious matter. And since I shouldn't punish your ass anymore&hellip;" He &#64257;ngered
  the clasp between Mandy's breasts and popped her out of her bra.  
"&hellip; I think I know how to &#64257;nish your punishment."  
Mandy nearly orgasmed when she
  realized that Rick was going to whip her tits again! And yet, she was afraid.
  It had hurt incredibly the last time, and Mandy's mind rebelled at the idea
  of enduring that pain again. But something inside her wanted it more than anything
  right at that moment. The part of her that was afraid won out &#64257;rst.
  Turning to face Rick, she fell to her knees and begged, "No, please, Rick!
  Not that again! Please don't!" But her face was near her brother's half-erect
  penis, and she noticed that, when she started begging, it stirred and began
  to stiffen more. In response, Mandy begged more pitifully. "Please, Rick, please!
  Anything but that!"  
Rick realized that he was aroused
  by Mandy's pleading, but he held &#64257;rm. "It's no use, Mandy. I'm going
  to whip your tits. You deserve it. Stand up!" He pulled her to her feet and
  walked her to his bed. "On your back, just like last time!" He pushed her down
  onto the bed and made her roll onto her back. "Now, I'm going to whip them
  more than last time. Will you keep your hands out of the way?"  
Protecting her breasts with her
  hands, Mandy begged her brother, "No, no, no&hellip;. please don't!" When she
  saw that Rick's cock was now fully erect, Mandy desperately wanted it inside
  her. But she knew she'd have to endure a tit-whipping before Rick would fuck
  her. She could tell he was determined to punish her tender little breasts,
  and she realized that her nipples were hardening in anticipation. "I won't
  be able to keep my hands away, Rick!"  
"Then I'll have to tie you up."  
Mandy couldn't believe it. Her
  pussy was getting wetter just thinking about being tied up. She had never even
  thought about being tied up before, but the mere suggestion turned her on beyond
  belief. She held her wrists out to her brother.  
Rick just looked at her for a
  few seconds, then he went to his closet and came back with a necktie. "This
  is all I have to tie you with." He knotted one end of the tie around Mandy's
  left wrist, then told her to reach over her head. He looped the necktie around
  a bar of his brass headboard, then tied the other end to her right wrist.  
Finally, Rick wrapped his belt
  around his hand, leaving a length loose, and straddled Mandy's waist. Mandy
  looked into his eyes and whispered, "Make it hurt, Rick&hellip;"  
The belt &#64258;ashed down and
  slapped Mandy's left nipple. Mandy shrieked in agony and braced herself for
  the next lash. The next lash came quickly, smacking against her other nipple.
  Rick worked quickly, whipping back and forth from one breast to the other with
  a steady rhythm. Mandy was suffering intense pain and was straining against
  the bonds that held her wrists. A &#64258;ood of tears wet her face and she
  wept loudly. "Oh god, that hurts so bad!" she wailed.  
"It's supposed to hurt, Mandy!" Rick
  said with a grin. He paused after he had dealt &#64257;ve lashes to each tit
  and reached down to pinch and twist his sister's rock-hard nipples. Pressing
  his palms against her small breasts, he roughly squeezed them, coaxing more
  squeals from Mandy.  
"Aaaaiiiiii! Ooooowiiiiee! Hurts&hellip;!" Mandy's
  chest was heaving with her sobs.  
Rick let go of her tits and started
  whipping them again. He resumed his left-right-left-right pattern, this time
  lashing each small globe ten times before stopping to pinch and squeeze them.
  Mandy struggled &#64257;ercely under him, and wailed in pain, but he didn't
  relent. He torturously fondled her breasts even longer this time, taking pleasure
  in her miserable cries.  
When he was &#64257;nished squeezing
  and pinching, he climbed off of Mandy. "You're halfway there," he said. "I'm
  going to whip your tits thirty more times. But I'm going to do one at a time
  now, &#64257;fteen in a row to each tit."  
Mandy's eyes were wide, but not
  because of Rick's words. Her eyes were locked on his cock, which was now, at
  last, fully erect. And Mandy wasn't sure, but it looked even bigger than normal.
  She couldn't wait for him to stick it in her. But for now, she had thirty more
  lashes to endure.  
Rick delivered those lashes even
  harder than the &#64257;rst thirty. Fifteen quick, hard strokes to Mandy's
  left breast had her writhing and squealing in pain, and &#64257;fteen more
  to her right breast had her screaming. He dealt the &#64257;nal stroke, then
  dropped the belt and stared at his sister's abused tits. He was breathing as
  heavily as she was.  
Quickly getting her sobs under
  control, Mandy looked at Rick and said, "Fuck me! Fuck me Rick! I need your
  cock! Fuck me and make me come!" To emphasize her plea, she spread her legs
  and raised them into the air. "Fuck me!"  
Rick needed no further encouragement.
  He got on top of her, then drove his throbbing cock into his sister's tight,
  dripping wet pussy. He buried himself to the hilt, then pulled back and drove
  in again. A rhythm was quickly established, and Rick started fucking his sister
  harder than ever before. To his own surprise, he wanted to make her come, to
  reward her for the way she had so completely given herself to him tonight.
  In his porn videos, the girls always climaxed when the guys fucked them, and
  he was determined to get the same reaction from Mandy. Thinking about it, Rick
  realized he had never made a girl come. Tabitha, one of the girls he slept
  with now and then, acted like she was having an orgasm every time, but he was
  pretty sure she was faking. He wanted to give Mandy a real orgasm.  
And he did. He had only been pounding
  her pussy for a minute when her eyes rolled back in her head and she let out
  a wail of pleasure. "Oooooooooooooooh! Yeeeeeeeeeees! Yes! Oh god, I'm coming,
  Rick!" It was the &#64257;rst time she had ever been fucked to orgasm. Mandy
  wrapped her legs around her brother and pulled him deeper into herself, and
  a moment later she orgasmed a second time. Her moans and cries of ecstasy &#64257;lled
  the room.  
"You like that, don't you?" Rick
  grunted while he continued stroking in and out of her tight, wet pussy. "I'll
  bet you like this, too!" He reached down and pressed his thumb against Mandy's
  clitoris, rubbing it in little circles. The combination of clitoral stimulation
  and the steady thrusting of his cock made Mandy come again, almost instantly.
  Mandy's whole body convulsed, and Rick could feel her pussy clamp tighter around
  his cock.  
Thinking of his porn videos, and
  knowing Mandy had watched them too, Rick had an idea. He pulled out of his
  sister's cunt, prompting a protest from her. He reached up and untied her wrists
  and said, "Turn over. Get on your hands and knees."  
Changing position, Mandy asked, "Doggy
  style?"  
"Uh-huh." After making some slight
  adjustments to Mandy's position, Rick was inside of her once more. He quickly
  discovered that, in this position, he was able to thrust even deeper, and he
  took full advantage of that. Mandy was moaning with pleasure, feeling her brother
  in places she'd never been touched before.  
Now it was Mandy's turn to remember
  things she'd seen in the videos. "Slap my butt!" she cried. She felt the smack,
  and the pain combined with the pleasure she was feeling. On top of everything
  else, her tits were throbbing. A few more slaps pushed her over the edge, and
  she climaxed one more time.  
Neither of them could believe
  how long Rick was lasting, but neither brother nor sister was complaining.
  Mandy had already come four times, and felt like she was going to come again.
  Sure enough, another orgasm rocked her body a minute later.  
Finally, Rick could hold back
  no more. "Oh shit, Mandy, I'm coming now!" He pulled out of his sister's pussy,
  and Mandy quickly turned around. She was in time to get her mouth on his cock
  before the &#64257;rst blast, and she eagerly sucked down every last drop of
  his sweet juices.  
Exhausted, the two siblings collapsed
  into each other's arms. They lay there with their naked, sweating bodies pressed
  together. They both knew that it had been the best sex either of them had ever
  had. They held each other in silence for a long time, hearts pounding.  
Mandy &#64257;nally spoke. "Thank
  you, Rick."  
"For what?"  
"For making me come. No guy ever
  did that before. Not even you, until now."  
"I guess I've never really thought
  about it, you know? I guess most of us guys just want to get off quick. I didn't
  realize how good it could be if it lasted longer."  
Mandy giggled and said, "So my
  plan worked."  
"What plan?"  
"Well, I saw some of the guys
  in those movies fuck a girl, and then fuck her again, or fuck a different girl,
  after they took a break," Mandy explained. "And I noticed that they always
  lasted longer the second time."  
Chuckling, Rick said, "They last
  a long time the &#64257;rst time, too!"  
"Probably cuz they get a lot of
  practice," Mandy laughed. "But anyway, I decided to fuck you, and then make
  you spank me after. I was hoping you would get hard again so you could do it
  again." She rubbed her sore bottom and said, grinning, "It just took a little
  longer than I planned on!"  
Rick hugged his sister and said, "You
  know, Mom and Dad won't be back until tomorrow night."  
Mandy's face lit up and said, "Yeah!
  So we've got all night, and most of the day tomorrow&hellip;"  
"We've got time to try all sorts
  of things&hellip;"  
"I wanna try some of the other
  positions I saw in those videos," Mandy said. And maybe I can persuade you
  to eat my pussy, she thought to herself. Then she thought of something else. "Hey,
  I was wondering something."  
"What?"  
"Where'd you get the idea to spank
  my boobs? I didn't see that in any of your movies."  
"Oh. Um, well, there's a friend
  of mine who's in college, and he has some  
S&amp;M videos."  
"S&amp;M?" Mandy asked, puzzled.  
"S&amp;M is about masters and
  slaves, and all different kinds of punishment, besides spanking. I guess you'd
  have to see the videos yourself. I can't really explain it, because it's not

  just about sex and pain. There's a whole psychological aspect to it. Jarrod
  could explain it better, cuz he's into that whole scene."  
"Can I meet him?"  
"I dunno. He might not go for
  it."  
"Why not? I'm willing to try it
  out. I think."  
"Well, because you're only &#64257;fteen.
  You're jailbait. He might be afraid of  
getting arrested."  
"Oh. I wouldn't tell anybody," Mandy
  promised.  
"I'll talk to him and see what
  he says," Rick said. "Maybe he'll at least let  
me borrow his videos, and I can let you see them."  
"Okay," Mandy sighed. Looking
  down, she noticed that her brother was starting to get hard again. She smiled
  and reached for his dick&hellip;  
Mandy: 560 spanks, 60-stroke breast-whipping  

Learning



by T-Luv

.2004



WARNING: You must be at least 18 years of age to read this story. The following
story may describe consensual or non-consensual spanking or other BDSM activity
involving one or more adult women and/or teenaged girls. The story may also
describe consensual or non-consensual sexual activity between adults, between
minor persons, or between minors and adults, and will be clearly tagged as
appropriate. Please observe the tags to determine whether or not you want to
read the story. Do not read the story if the tags indicate subject matter that
you will find offensive.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. The characters in this story are the
product of the author's imagination, and do not represent any actual person,
living or dead. Any similarities to actual persons are purely coincidental. The
author does not necessarily condone, encourage or participate in the types of
activities described within this story. Please be aware of the difference
between fantasy and reality when reading this work of FICTION.

COPYRIGHT & PERMISSION: This story is Copyright 2005 by T-Luv. This story may
not be reproduced elsewhere without permission of the author. All permitted
reproductions must include the unaltered WARNING, DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT &
PERMISSION notices.





Chapter Thirteen: If It Isn't One Thing... (Steffi, Mandy & Jasmine)

(F/fff, spank, nc; F/ff, spank nc)

Mandy took the last drag off the cigarette she and Steffi were sharing behind
the gym. She dropped the butt on the ground and crushed it out with the toe of
her shoe. She glanced at her watch and exclaimed, "Oh, shit, Steffi! We're gonna
be late for History! Let's go!"

The two blondes scooped up their book bags and set off toward their classroom at
a run. "Hurry, Mandy!" Steffi exclaimed. They ran as fast as they could, but it
wasn't fast enough. They heard the bell ringing just as they entered the school
building. Up the stairs they raced, and down the hallway. Stopping just before
reaching the door to their classroom, the girls paused to catch their breath.
Mandy cautiously peeked through the window of the door.

With a giggle, Mandy whispered, "Mrs. Clifford is spanking Jasmine!"

"Again? I wonder what she did this time," wondered Steffi.

"Probably the same thing as always," Mandy replied, "dress code violation."
Mandy looked on for a moment longer and said, "Clifford's back is turned. Maybe
we can sneak in. C'mon!" Carefully, Mandy eased the door open. She and Steffi
slipped in and closed the door silently before sliding behind their desks in the 
back row. They did their best to look nonchalant while they watched the teacher
deliver the final three swats of Jasmine's punishment. Mandy gazed at the petite
brunette's butt, secretly wishing that Mrs. Clifford gave bare-bottom spankings.
She thought Jasmine was awfully cute.

"That's twenty," declared the matronly history teacher. "Go to your seat."

Jasmine rose from where she had been bent over the teacher's desk, and let her
skirt fall back over her bottom. Mandy and Steffi could now see that she had
worn it far too short. When Jasmine turned around, there was a hint of tears,
but she was trying not to show her pain as she made her way back to her desk.

Mandy and Steffi were just beginning to believe that they had entered the
classroom undetected, but Mrs. Clifford wasted no time disillusioning them of
that idea. "Miss Clark. Miss McAllister. I do hope you didn't think I missed
your late entrance. Come to the front of the class, please.

Sighing, the two friends got up and walked to the front. Mrs. Clifford looked at
her attendance record, and said, "I thought so. This is the third time you two
have been tardy this month. I'm sure you know what that means. Steffani, if you
will stand beside my desk, I'll deal with you in a moment. Mandy, bend over the
desk." Mandy glared at her, but complied. "Raise your skirt." Obediently, Mandy
reached back and lifted her skirt to expose her white cotton panties.

"Very good. You will receive ten swats for your tardiness," announced Mrs.
Clifford. She aimed her paddle, then drew back her arm and slapped the wood hard
against Mandy's bottom. Mandy winced, but didn't move. The second swat was just
as hard as the first, and so was the third, and so were the rest of the swats
Mandy had earned. The teacher wished she could really paddle Mandy. Long and
hard and painful. Mandy had been in her class the previous year and had seemed
to go out of her way to infuriate her. But ten swats were all that were allowed
for tardiness, so ten would have to do. "That's ten. Stand up and move aside.
It's your friend's turn."

Mandy got up and pushed her skirt back down. Ten swats wasn't much of a
punishment for her, compared to what she got at home. Her eyes were dry, and she
made a point of letting Mrs. Clifford, as well as her classmates, see the smirk
on her face.

Mrs. Clifford pointedly ignored Mandy and turned to Steffi. "All right, Miss
McAllister, it's your turn. Assume the position, just like your friend here."

Steffi was extremely nervous. Though she had endured many spankings in the past
few months, she had never been spanked in front of an audience. The thought of a
classroom full of giggling girls watching her punishment was almost too much for
her. She looked at her teacher with pleading eyes and said, "Please, Mrs.
Clifford, can't you spank me in private?"

"I'm afraid not. You'll be spanked in front of the class, just like everybody
else." Pointing at her desk, Mrs. Clifford continued, "Now get bent over that
desk, and lift your skirt. If I have to do it for you, I'll add five swats to
what you've already earned."

Whimpering, Steffi did as she was told. As she bent over the desk, she thought
to herself, I won't cry. I'll be strong like Mandy. I won't cry. She reached
back and lifted her skirt, and she waited.

WHAP! Steffi gasped, but didn't cry out.

SMACK! Another gasp, but no other sound.

CRACK! Steffi gritted her teeth, determined not to cry.

WHACK! WHACK! SMACK! WHAM!

Only three more to go... I won't cry!

WHAP! WHAP! SMACK!

To her own surprise, Steffi had endured the spanking without crying out, and
without shedding a tear! When her teacher gave the word, she stood up and looked
proudly at Mandy. I didn't cry! She saw that Mandy looked just as proud of her.

"All right girls, get back to your seats. Let's get this class started!" Mrs.
Clifford commanded. The two girls walked quickly back to their desks.

History class was long and boring, and Steffi was discovering just how
uncomfortable it is to sit on a hard chair with a freshly spanked bottom. The
discomfort made the time pass even more slowly. Eventually the class did end,
and Steffi and Mandy quickly gathered up their books and stuffed them into their
backpacks. Because they were in the back row, they were close to the door and
were usually among the first students to leave the classroom. But before they
made it out the door, Mrs. Clifford's voice rang out.

"Oh, Mandy? Steffi? By the way, I couldn't help noticing the smell of cigarettes
on your breath. I would like the two of you to report to the Principal's office
after school. I'll be sure to let her know you're coming. Have a nice day!" The
teacher couldn't help smiling at the looks on her student's faces.

Steffi and Mandy hurried out of the classroom, trying to ignore the giggles and
smart remarks directed their way by their classmates. Once out of the room,
Mandy whispered to Steffi, "That bitch! She just had to let everybody know we're
gonna get spanked again!"

"Oh nooooo!" Steffi groaned. "I'm really gonna get it when I get home!"

"Me too," said Mandy. "I always get the same punishment at home that I got at
school."

"My dad told me that if I ever got spanked at school, he would give me double my
school punishment!" Worriedly, Steffi continued, "And I just know that he's
going to add on his own punishment for smoking!"

"Damn," said Mandy.

If History class had gone by too slowly, the rest of the school day went by too
quickly. Before the girls knew it, the day's last bell was ringing and it was
time to report to the Principal's office. Together, they trudged slowly toward
their fate.

"Oh damn!" hissed Steffi.

"What's the matter?" Mandy asked.

"I just thought of something else I'm gonna get spanked for. Going to the
Principal's means that I'm gonna be late getting home. I know my Mom will spank
me for that before she turns me over to my Dad."

"Hang on," said Mandy. "Maybe I can help with that." She dug her cell phone out
of her purse and quickly dialed a number. When the person at the other end
answered, she said, "Hey Rick, I need a huge favor... Well, you see, Steffi and
I have to go to the Principal's office..."

Steffi whipped her head around to stare at her friend, shocked that Mandy was
telling her brother about what was going to happen. "Mandy!"

"Shhh!" Mandy hissed. "No, not you, Rick. Anyway, Steffi's parents have the same
deal that Mom and Dad have about me getting spanked at school... Yeah, you know
what I mean... Well, she's afraid she's gonna get it for getting home late, too.
So maybe you can help her out and be ready to drive her home as soon as we're
finished here? Oh, thanks Rick! I'll make it up to you later! Be waiting out
front, okay? 'Bye!" She hung up the phone and turned to Steffi. "Rick's gonna
pick us up with his pickup as soon as we're done, and he'll get you home in
plenty of time. That should save you a little bit of spanking, anyway."

"I can't believe you told your brother I was gonna get a spanking!" Steffi

said, incredulously. "Oh come on, Steff! He knows that every girl in this school
gets

spanked! Just like all the boys at his school do!"

"Rick gets spanked, too?"

"Um, well, not anymore. He doesn't really break the rules anyway, but when he
does he kinda gets away with it 'cuz he's the star of the football team."
Looking up, Mandy saw that they had arrived at the school office. "Well, here we
are."

The girls walked into the office and stopped at the secretary's desk.

"May I help you girls?" asked the secretary.

"Um, Mrs. Clifford sent us to see Mrs. Wainwright," answered Mandy.

"Names?"

"Amanda Clark and Steffani McAllister."

The secretary looked at a list of names on her desk, then said, "Mrs. Wainwright
is expecting you. There are some others in line ahead of you, so have a seat.
She pointed to a row of plastic chairs outside the Principal's office door.

The girls saw, to their surprise, that Jasmine was sitting in one of the chairs.
Taking the chair beside her, Mandy said, "I didn't hear Mrs. Clifford send you
here."

"She didn't," said Jasmine. "I never adjusted my skirt after her class, and got
spanked by two more teachers. Mr. Jensen sent me here."

"Did you cry when Jensen spanked you?"

"Nope. None of these teachers spank as hard as my Dad does."

"Same here," said Mandy. "But have you ever been sent to the Principal before?"

"No..."

"I have. She spanks hard. You'll cry."

"I won't," Jasmine assured Mandy. But she didn't look quite as confident as she
had a minute earlier.

Just then, the door to the Principal's office opened, and an older girl, a
senior, came out. Her face was red and streaked with tears, and her eyes were
puffy from crying. She was gingerly rubbing her bottom as she walked away.

Mandy turned to Jasmine and said, "Your turn."

The suddenly nervous brunette looked at Mandy, then got up and walked timidly
into the office. The door closed behind her. A minute later, the slap of leather
and cries of pain could be heard through the door.

Steffi looked with wide eyes at Mandy and asked, "How come we couldn't hear the
other girl crying?"

"Because Mrs. Wainwright will let you wait until you've stopped crying before
you leave, if you want. That girl's spanking was probably already over before we
got here."

"Oh."

Five minutes later, the door opened again. Jasmine walked out, still sobbing.
She didn't look at Mandy or Steffi as she walked past them. Steffi stared after
her, getting worried herself.

"Well, I guess it's my turn," said Mandy, standing and taking a deep breath.
"Wish me luck!" She turned quickly and strode into the Principal's office,
closing the door solidly behind her.

"Hello, Amanda," said the Principal. Mrs. Wainwright was in her fifties, and
still quite attractive, and her conservative suit, her glasses and the bun in
her hair gave her the dignified look her position required. Her authority was
evident.

"Hi, Mrs. Wainwright," Mandy replied.

"I must congratulate you, Mandy. Almost three months since the school year
started, and this is your first visit to my office. If I remember correctly, it
took you less than a week, last year."

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Well, you're here now. Mrs. Clifford has informed me that she smelled cigarette
smoke on your breath," Mrs. Wainwright said. "I assume that means that you were
smoking on school grounds. I'm afraid I can't let that kind of thing slide, Miss
Clark. If you'll assume the position, we'll get this over with. You doremember
the position, don't you?"

"Yes, Mrs. Wainwright." Mandy stepped over to the "spanking bench" at one side
of the office. It wasn't really a bench. Rather, it was an upholstered, padded
plank. One end of the bench was attached to the wall, and from there it sloped
at a forty-five degree angle to the floor. Mandy straddled the board and leaned
forward, resting her chest and hips on the cushion. She reached up, took hold of
the handles on either side of the bench, and waited.

Mrs. Wainwright picked up the strap that had been laying on her desk, and said,
"I'm going to give you thirty strokes, Mandy. Frankly, I think that you deserve
far more than that, but this school's charter sets the limit at thirty strokes
for a single offense."

"Don't worry," said Mandy, sarcastically. "There will be plenty more waiting for
me at home."

"And I take great comfort in that, young lady." Lifting Mandy's skirt and
tucking the hem into the waistband, she continued, "I'm sure you recall that I
always administer bare-bottom spankings."

"Yes, Ma'am."

Once Mandy's skirt was adjusted so that it wouldn't fall back down, Mrs.
Wainwright hooked two fingers into the waistband of the girl's panties and
tugged them down, just far enough to barely expose Mandy's privates. Once the
underwear was adjusted to the Principal's satisfaction, she stepped back and
took aim. I would like you to count each stroke, out loud."

The Principal hefted the strap. It was an effective tool: eighteen inches by two
inches of smooth, black leather, plus a handle, and it had crossed the bottoms
of hundreds of naughty girls over the years. The strap had met Mandy's bottom
more times than Mandy could count, and was about to add onto that total. Mrs.
Wainwright drew her arm up and back, and then the strap whistled through the air
and slapped across Mandy's butt, just below her tailbone, with a resounding
CRACK!"

Mandy's body tensed, and she gasped, "One!"

Again, the Principal swung the strap, aiming so that the second stroke landed a
bit lower, overlapping the first.

"Two!"

SMACK!

"Threeeeee!"

WHAP!

"FOOOORUUUR!"

Mrs. Wainwright was an expert with the strap, and every stroke landed exactly
where she wanted it to land. She worked her way down Mandy's bottom, each stroke
overlapping the one before, and each stroke coaxing a slightly louder cry from
the student. The fifteenth and sixteenth lashes struck in exactly the same spot
- Mandy's sit-spot. Mandy squealed in response to those, and very nearly lost
her grip on the handles. The pain from those blows was the most intense, and yet
they were strangely, ever-so-slightly pleasurable. The fifteen-year-old had
discovered, long ago, that spanks to that part of her bottom sent shock-waves
straight through her pussy!

CRACK!

"SEVENteen!" Mandy wailed as the strokes started traveling back up her
butt-cheeks.

In her chair outside of the Principal's office, Steffi squirmed and fidgeted,
trying not to listen to the sounds coming from within. To her, having to listen
was bad enough; knowing that she was next made it even worse. She jumped in her
seat every time she heard the strap strike, and grew more nervous each time
Mandy cried out. Mrs. Wainwright must really be spanking hard, she thought to
herself. I've never heard Mandy yell so loud when she was getting a spanking!
Well, except that time Daddy hit her with that strop...

"THIIIIRTEEEEEE!" Mandy shrieked when the final blow landed. The spanking was
over, but Mandy didn't get up right away. She just relaxed on the bench, sobbing
softly to herself. After a moment, she reached back and gently rubbed her
burning bottom. She spanks almost as hard as Daddy does...

"All right Miss Clark, that will be all." Mrs. Wainwright set her strap aside
and then tugged Mandy's panties back up and her skirt back down. "I hope you
have learned your lesson. I want no more smoking on school property!

You may go as soon as you're ready. Send in your friend on the way out."

Mandy was rubbing her bottom through her skirt, and Steffi could see the streaks
of tears on her face as she came out of the Principal's office. "Ouch," she
said. "Well, it's your turn, Steff."

"Was it bad?" Steffi asked, worriedly.

"Of course it was," Mandy replied, wincing when she rubbed her butt a bit to
hard. "She's the Principal, after all. She's had more practice than anybody else
here. Just remember one thing: hold as still as you can. Wainwright spanks
harder if you try to dodge too much. And she'll make you count. Say the numbers
as soon as she, well you get the idea. It'll get over faster."

"Oh."

"Better get in there and get it over with," said Mandy, tossing her head at the
door.

"Wait for me, okay?"

"Rick's waiting for us, remember? Now hurry up, or even Rick's driving won't get
you home on time!"

Steffi reluctantly entered the office and closed the door behind her.

When Steffi came back out ten minutes later, she was still crying. She knew she
had to hurry, and had left the office as quickly as she could when her strapping
was over with. "Let's go," she said, tersely.

The two girls hurried as much as they could without earning another spanking for
running in the halls. As he had promised, Rick was waiting in front of the
school with the engine running. Mandy yanked open the passenger door and told
Steffi, "Get in!"

Steffi climbed into the cab of the pickup and sat gingerly in the middle. "Hi,
Rick," she said timidly. There were butterflies in her stomach when she
scrunched up against Rick to make room for Mandy. She was thrilled to be sitting
so close to the boy she had a big crush on, and at the same time she was
incredibly embarrassed by the fact that Rick knew exactly why she was sitting so
close to him. The burning in her bottom was only slightly hotter than the
burning blush on her face. Still, she did her best to look nonchalant.

Mandy slammed the passenger door shut and yelled, "Go!" Rick put his truck in
gear and sped out of the parking lot. He took the most direct route to Steffi's
house; he knew the way because he had dropped Mandy off there a few times.

"Hey," said Rick, "don't be embarrassed, Steffi. Getting spanked ain't no thing.
Mandy gets 'em all the time." He had a good idea of how Steffi was feeling right
now, and was trying his best to relieve her embarrassment. "Everybody that goes
to your school, and my school too, gets spanked, None of the other kids are
gonna give you any shit about it, cuz they probably get it just as bad. I could
tell you about some to the whippings I've gotten! Hoo-boy."

Steffi didn't answer, but she knew Rick was just trying to help. Besides, her
attention at the moment was on the fact that his hand was rubbing against her
bare thigh while he worked the stick shift. There was a strange feeling inside
of her because of that.

It took only a few minutes to drive to Steffi's neighborhood. A block away from
her house, Steffi said, "Let me out here. I'll walk the rest of the way. My mom
might not like me sitting so close to you... I mean..."

Rick grinned. "I know what you mean." Pulling to the side of the road, he said,
"Be tough, girl! see ya later!"

Mandy got out so the Steffi could hop down, then climbed back inside. "I'll tell
you about mine if you'll tell me about yours, okay?"

"Okay. I gotta go. Thanks for the ride, Rick." Steffi turned and headed for
home.

Mandy and Rick watched until Steffi was out of sight. Rick made a U-turn so that
Steffi's mom wouldn't see his truck, then headed toward home. The two of them
rode in silence for a few minutes, and then Rick looked at his sister and
declared, "I've gotto fuck her."

"Really?" Mandy replied.

"Hell yeah," said Rick. "She's fuckin' hot. And damn cute, too." He had a
hard-on that had started about the same time Steffi had sat down next to him,
and which still hadn't subsided.

Mandy was surprised to realize she felt a tiny bit jealous. She knew she
shouldn't. Rick slept with lots of girls. And he was her brother, after all. But
she couldn't help it.

"She's a virgin, ya know."

"Well, I kinda figured that."

"Want me to help you out?" Mandy's initial jealousy was fading as she recalled
some of the things she had seen in Rick's porn videos. Things like the scenes
with two girls and one guy. Of course, she hadn't told Rick about what she and
Steffi had done together.

"Would you do that? That would be cool!"

"Okay. But she's my best friend, Rick. You'd better not break her heart!"

Rick smiled and said, "I promise."

Now Mandy smiled, slyly. "And you'd better not dump me, either!"

"Hey, do I look stupid?" Rick asked, laughing. "If she's a virgin, I'll never

get her to do some of the things you do." You never know,Mandy thought. You
never know. Out loud she said,

"Do you think Dad will make it a full-family spanking tonight?"

"Maybe. I don't know."

"But you hope so."

"Well, duh." Rick grinned.

That's my big brother! Mandy smiled to herself. She knew that her parents would
be going out tonight, after her punishment, because her mother had mentioned it
that morning. That meant Rick would be able to "comfort" her afterward. And then
they could talk about Steffi.

Mandy: 40 spanks

Steffi: 40 spanks

Jasmine: 60+







 Converted from "Learning14.txt" on 30-Dec-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



Learning
by T-Luv
&copy;2005
WARNING: You must be at least 18 years of age to read this story. The following story
may describe consensual or non-consensual spanking or other BDSM activity involving one
or more adult women and/or teenaged girls. The story may also describe consensual or
non-consensual sexual activity between adults, between minor persons, or between minors
and adults, and will be clearly tagged as appropriate. Please observe the tags to
determine
whether or not you want to read the story. Do not read the story if the tags indicate
subject matter that you will find offensive.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. The characters in this story are the product of
the author's imagination, and do not represent any actual person, living or dead. Any
similarities to actual persons are purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily
condone, encourage or participate in the types of activities described within this story.
Please be aware of the difference between fantasy and reality when reading this work of
FICTION.

COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION: This story is Copyright 2005 by T-Luv. This story may not
be reproduced elsewhere without permission of the author. All permitted reproductions
must include the unaltered WARNING, DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION
notices.








 Chapter FourteenYou Were Warned! (Mandy &amp; Steffi)
 (MF/f, spank, nc, severe, humil; M/f, spank, nc, severe, humil; f,
 mast; m/f, sex, incest, cons)
 "I can't believe you're still smoking!" Steffi's mother said, the
 instant her daughter walked through the front door. Her voice was
 surprisingly calm. "I'm afraid your father is going to be very angry
 when he hears about this."
 "I - I know..." Steffi mumbled. "Can't you... can't you make him
 not spank me, Mom?"
 "Of course not! Steffi, you deserve to be punished when you
 misbehave." Gail looked annoyed that her daughter would ask such a
 thing.
 "B - but can't you at least get him not to spank me so much? Or
 at least tell him he shouldn't make me take all my clothes off?
 That's so... so embarrassing!"
 Gail's expression softened a little bit. "I've actually been thinking
 about that, Steffani. You're right - Dad shouldn't be seeing you
 completely naked. I don't think I can make him stop altogether, but...
 well, I went shopping after your school called me. I bought you some
 thongs. They're on your bed. Wear one of those. At least they will
 keep your pus-, er, your privates covered. I'll talk to Dad, and I'll insist
 that he let you leave it on."
 "O-okay. Thank you, Mom."
 "Now," Gail said, her expression hardening again. "You're still
 going to get it when Dad gets home. You might as well change your
 clothes." She pointed to the stairs. "Go to your room and get ready.
 I'll call you when Dad gets home."
 
 !"!"!" 

"So, wanna have a little fun before Mom and Dad get home?"



Mandy jokingly asked her brother as they pulled into the driveway.
She reached over and rubbed his cock through his jeans, and was
gratified to feel the bulge harden under her touch.
"Love to, but I've got to get to work myself," Rick replied. "But
don't worry, I'll take care of you after. I'll be home a little after
seven."

"Good, there's something I want you to do for me."
"What?"
"You'll find out!" Mandy climbed out of the pickup and walked to
the house, wiggling her bottom at her brother as she went.
!"!"!"
Jacob McAllister pulled into his driveway at twenty minutes past
five o'clock. He walked into the house at 5:21, and by 5:25 he had
learned from his wife everything he needed to know about Steffi's
most recent misbehavior.
"I really didn't need this today," Jacob said with an exasperated
sigh. "After the day I've had, I really didn't need this." He walked to
the kitchen and took a beer from the refrigerator. After taking a

couple swigs from the bottle he said, "All right. Get her down here."
"One thing first," said Gail. "I bought her some thong panties to


wear when you spank her."
"What? Why?"
"I've decided that you shouldn't be seeing her pussy. Bare her
breasts if you have to, but leave the thong on."
Jacob looked at his wife for a moment, then shrugged and said,
"Okay, whatever. Go get her."
Steffi was already whimpering when she entered the living room
with her mother firmly holding her arm. She was dressed in nothing
but one of her new thongs and a snug, white tanktop. She had
originally put on a bra under the shirt, but her mother had made her
take it off. She was marched right up to her father.

"Here she is, Jacob. I'm going to go finish dinner." Gail turned and
headed for the kitchen, leaving Steffi to her father.


"So, you decided to test me. I warned you about what would
happen if you messed around with cigarettes again, and yet you did
it again. When I get done with you, Steffi, you're not going to be
able to sit down for a week!"
"P-please, Daddy..."
"Shut up! We're going to deal with this once and for all. First,
because you got spanked at school, I'm going to give you double
what you got there. What did you get at school?"
"I - I got ten from Mrs. Clifford for being tardy, and thirty from
Mrs. Wainwright for sm-smoking."
"Then you're going to get twenty from me for being tardy, and
sixty from me for smoking," Jacob announced. "Then, I'll give you
my own punishment for smoking." He strode to the shelf where he
kept his spanking implements, then stopped and turned back to his
daughter. "What did Mrs. Clifford spank you with?"
"A paddle," Steffi whispered.
Jacob turned and took the heavy wooden paddle from the shelf.
"Then I'll paddle you, too." Hefting the smooth piece of maple, he
continued, "Bend over the same way she bent you over."
Steffi looked around the room and said, "We don't have a desk."
"Then we'll use the kitchen table. Move!" Jacob smacked Steffi's
bottom, with his hand, to encourage her to cooperate. "Just like you
bent over at school." He watched her bend over and grab the

opposite side of the table. "Good. Now, you got ten from your
teacher for being late to class, so you're going to get twenty good
ones from me."

With that, the paddling began. Jacob hauled his arm back and let
fly, and the paddle cracked against his daughter's already blushing
bottom. He had noted that she still bore red marks from the earlier
punishment she had received. I'll have to compliment her teacher

and Principal, he thought to himself. Those marks lasted a couple
hours - not bad for a school spanking. He popped her butt again, and
again, adding his own marks to those Steffi had received at school.
For her part, Steffi was doing her best to not cry. Still sore from
her school spankings, her butt was more sensitive than usual to her
father's ministrations. She shuddered, knowing that she was in for
one of the worst spankings ever.
The twentieth blow crashed across Steffi's ass with a resounding
CRACK, and Jacob set the paddle aside. "Now," he said, "We'll double
the punishment you got from Mrs. Wainwright. Tell me how she

punished you."
Steffi was rubbing her bottom as she stood up. "She... she has a
board in her office that leans up against the wall, like this." Steffi
held her arm out at an angle to demonstrate. "Then I had to straddle
the board and lay my chest down on it. Then she strapped me on

my bare bottom."
"How wide was the board?"
Steffi held her hands about eight inches apart. "About like this."
"Wait here." Jacob went out the back door and returned a few
minutes later with a plank selected from the pile in the yard. "How's
this?" Steffi nodded.

Jacob led Steffi back to the livng room. "Take the board and set
it up like it should be. And be careful not to knock anything over."
Steffi took the board and found a spot where she could lean it at

the correct angle. Because she couldn't attach the board to the wall,
she had to wedge the lower end against a leg of the sofa. When it

was set she turned to her dad and waited.
"Well? Get in position!" Jacob gestured impatiently. Steffi quickly
straddled the board and laid her body against it. "A strapping, huh?
Good. Now I can try out my new toy." He reached to the top shelf of the nearby bookcase
and took down a brand new strap of his own.
As he showed it to his daughter, he could see the apprehension in

her eyes. The strap looked mean! It was eighteen inches of leather,
stiff with newness, and though it was slightly narrower than the strap
Mrs. Wainwright had used, it looked just as painful. "Sixty good ones
ought to break it in just fine.

Jacob rested the strap on his daughter's bottom and rubbed it
back and forth a few times. He could see Steffi tense in anticipation.
"Ready?"

"Noooo..." Steffi moaned.
"Too bad."
The strap went up and back down. It made a loud THWAP! when
it hit Steffi's defenseless butt, and left behind a bright red stripe.
Steffi gasped and jerked, but she didn't cry out. Jacob watched the
welt rise for a moment, and then he whipped Steffi again. And again.
After only ten strokes Steffi's bottom was covered with welts, and
there were plenty more to come. Determined not to give Daddy the
satisfaction of hearing her cry, Steffi bit her lip and did her best to
endure the pain. It was difficult, but she didn't let out more than a
gasp until the whipping was almost over. Around the fifty-third

stroke, a quiet sob escaped, but she clamped her mouth shut and
suffered the remaining lashes in silence.
"All, right, that's all for now. Get up." Jacob put the strap back on
the top shelf of the bookcase. When Steffi was upright he took her
arm and led her to the fireplace. He pointed at the brick hearth.
"Sit."
Steffi looked miserable, but she sat on the hard brick without
argument. The rough brick hurt to sit on, but she did her best to not
let it show.

"Get that shirt off."
The teenager blushed, but she obeyed her father's instruction. As
she pulled her tank-top over her head, she realized that she was
starting to get used to this &#151; she discovered she wasn't quite as embarrassed about
being bare-breasted in front of Daddy as she had
been on previous occasions. She certainly wasn't yet comfortable

with being almost naked in his presence, but she didn't feel quite so
humiliated this time. Of course, seeing the bulge in his jeans didn't
help any.

"Put your hands on top of your head. I'm going to eat the dinner
your mother has cooked for me, and then we'll finish your spanking.
Don't move from that position!" Jacob left his daughter where she

was and disappeared into the kitchen.
When he was gone, Steffi glanced around the room and realized
that none of the curtains were closed. Most notably, the big front
window loomed as a view portal for anybody passing by on the
sidewalk. And Steffi was facing that window. Please, she prayed,
don't let anybody walk past!
!"!"!"
Mandy was surprised when her father came home from work
much earlier than expected. "Daddy!" Still wearing her school
uniform, she jumped up from the couch and ran to hug him. "Why
are you home already?" she asked innocently.
Aaron gave his daughter a peck on the cheek and said, "Oh, I
think you know why I'm here, so why don't you tell me?"
Mandy grinned sheepishly. "I got in trouble at school."
"So I hear. Why?"
"You know why! They told you!" For Mandy, having to confess
was almost more difficult that taking her punishment.
"They did, but I want to hear it from you, young lady."
With a sigh, Mandy proceeded to describe the events of her day.
When she finished, she looked expectantly at her father, wondering
what she was in for.
"Well, Mandy, I had hoped you would have learned something from
the punishment I gave you when I caught you smoking last year, but
it seems I hoped in vain. Well, I'll just try harder to teach you this
time." Aaron set his briefcase aside and removed his necktie, then
unbuttoned the first few buttons on his shirt. He rolled up his sleeves
and took his wayward daughter by the arm, leading her to his

recliner. Taking a seat he said, "All right, across my knee."
As she draped herself over her father's lap, Mandy was surprised
to realize she was eager for her punishment! She didn't usually start
getting aroused until the spanking was well underway, but she could
feel that she was already damp. Of course, it wouldn't do to give

herself away; if Daddy realized how his spankings affected her, he
would probably stop altogether. She settled into position and waited.
Aaron flipped up Mandy's skirt to expose her panty-covered

bottom. "I'll warm you up with my hand first, then I'll take care of
repeating what you got at school." With that, he went to work. He

spanked his daughter with steady, deliberate swats, making sure he
covered every inch of her bottom. Aaron alternated his spanks
between Mandy's left and right buttocks, and each one landed in a
different spot.
Because she was so accustomed to long, hard spankings with
implements, hand spankings now had little effect on Mandy. She was
relaxed and motionless, calmly soaking up the swats Daddy was
raining down on her bottom, enjoying the warmth she felt spreading
across her backside. She wished he would hurry up and take her
panties down.
After a hundred hand spanks to Mandy's panties, Aaron paused
and said, "Let's see how I'm doing." He hooked a finger under the
waistband and peeled her panties down below her bottom. After
studying her blushing behind he announced, "Not quite ready."
The hand spanking resumed, now on a bare bottom for another
hundred swats. The slap of hand against butt made a sharper sound
now that the cotton panties were no longer there to muffle the
sound. Mandy found the sound almost hypnotic, and the combination of sound and sensation
relaxed her even further. Her mind wandered;
Mandy's thoughts drifted and mixed. How bad was Steffi getting it?
Did Daddy realize that every spank sent vibrations straight to her
pussy?
Mandy's father had to repeat himself three times before the
young girl realized that the warmup spanking was over. She shook
herself out of her daze and heard Daddy's last few words. "... up.
Let's take care of what you got at school." Mandy stood up slowly
and let her skirt fall back down.
"Thanks to your numerous trip to the principal's office last year,
I'm familiar with how Mrs. Wainwright spanks. But what about Mrs.
Clifford?"
"She ... she paddled me. Ten times."
"I'll give you a choice. Do you want me to split it up the same
way you got it at school, or do you want all forty with one
implement?"
"Um, you can split it up."
"All right. Get in position for the paddle." While Mandy bent over
the back of the sofa, he fetched the big paddle. Standing behind her
he said, "Tell me how many to give you."

"Ten, Daddy." Mandy felt her skirt being lifted again.
WHAM! CRACK! WHACK!
The combination of a bare bottom and the way her dad spanked
harder than Mrs. Clifford had an immediate effect on Mandy. Tears
rolled from her eyes, though she didn't cry out loud. But ten powerful
blows with the paddle had Mandy finally feeling real pain. After the
tenth wallop, her dad went to get the strap. Mandy stood and turned
to the wall. Standing about four feet away, she leaned forward and
braced her hands against the wall, slightly above her head. Finally
she spread her feet apart to the width they would be were she

straddling the board in the principal's office. This was the usual
position she took when she was getting a "Mrs. Wainwright" at home.
Aaron lifted his daughter's skirt once more, tucking it into its own
waistband. Without a word, he laid into Mandy with the strap. Thirty
hard strokes left the fifteen-year-old sobbing. When it was over,

Mandy dropped to her knees and remained there, crying and rubbing
her bottom.
After giving her time to regain her composure, Mandy's father
announced the next phase of her punishment. "I think smoking is
serious enough to warrant a naked, full-family spanking, and that's
what you would get under ordinary circumstances. However, your

mother and I are planning to go out as soon as she gets home and
has showered and changed, and Rick won't be home until seven
o'clock. So it's just me, and that's why I came home early. You know
what to do."

Mandy slowly stood and removed her skirt. Her blouse and bra
followed, and then she removed her panties. Turning to face her
father she waited, naked, for his next instruction.
"As you know, we give you naked spankings to add a bit of
humiliation to your punishment. Normally, letting the whole family
see you naked is sufficient. But since it's just me seeing you this
time, I've decided to use some new, more embarrassing spanking

positions to compensate. That being the case, I would like you to go
upstairs and put on your thong so that I don't see any more than

necessary."
Mandy's head shot up. "B-but Daddy, I d-don't have a th-thong!
You and mom said..."
Abruptly, Aaron grabbed Mandy's arm and bent her over the back
the sofa. Ten quick, hard strokes from the strap made Mandy shriek
in pain and surprise.
"That's for lying, Amanda. For the record, you left your laundry in
the dryer yesterday, and Mom found a thong amongst your things.

Now, get upstairs and put it on, then get right back down here."
Without another word of protest, Mandy ran for her room to get into her thong.
!"!"!"
Jacob zipped his fly while Gail licked his juices from her lips. "Did I
get it all?" Gail asked.

"There's still some on your chin."
"Oops!" Gail used a finger to wipe away the last bit of the semen
that had leaked out of her mouth, then licked her finger clean.
"There. Do you think that will hold you until we've finished punishing
Steffani?"

"I think so! Why don't you help me deal with her?" Jacob leaned in
close and whispered into Gail's ear, and Gail smiled in response.
The two of them strode into the living room. Steffi jumped when
they came in, but remained silent. She trembled in fear, though, fully
aware that her impending punishment was going to be severe.

"All right, Steffani," said Jacob, "It's my turn. Stand up!"
Steffi's tears started to flow as she stood. "Please don't, Daddy!"
"Please do you mean! You know good and well that you've earned

this, Steffi. You're not going to beg your way out of it." Jacob
grabbed his daughter's arm and led her to the sofa. "Get up there,
on your knees. Face the arm." He watched his whimpering daughter
obey, adding instructions until she was exactly in the position he
wanted her in, with the fronts of her thighs pressed against the
inside of the arm.
Jacob retrieved his favorite implement: the heavy wooden paddle.
"Hands behind your head," he instructed. Steffi quickly locked her
fingers together behind her head. "I want you to keep them there
until I'm finished. If you move your hands away from your head, I'm
going to start all over again. Understand?"


"Y-yes, Daddy."
"Good. We'll start with one hundred. Gail, why don't you restrain
her so that she's not tempted to move out of position?"
Steffi was too shocked to protest when her mother stepped in
front of her and pinched both of her nipples between thumb and
forefinger. Only a gasp escaped her lips, and she looked at her mom
incredulously.

"Just to help you stay in position, Steffi," Gail said with a smirk.
Steffi luched backward when the first blow from the paddle

cracked across her ass, and she immediately regretted it. Sharp pain
shot through her breasts when her nipples were yanked.

"Mommeeeee!" she squealed.
"Don't move, and it won't hurt," Gail said simply. But it did hurt.
She was pinching her daughter's nipples very tightly.

It took all of Steffi's willpower to remain motionless as the
paddling progressed. In an effort to distract herself from the
humiliation and the unaccustomed pain in her tits, she concentrated
on the familiar pain in her ass by silently counting the blows. &#133; two,
three, four, five &#133; It helped somewhat, but it didn't dispel the
knowledge that there was much more to come.

!"!"!"
"So, um, new positions?" Mandy tried to hide her curiosity behind
a facade of nervousness. It worked, since her father honestly had no
clue that she enjoyed spankings.

"Yes. When I've spanked you naked in the past, I've made a
conscious effort to avoid seeing anything more than your pubic hair,"
Aaron explained frankly. "However, these new positions would expose
far more than hair were you not covered." He looked slightly

uncomfortable, but forged onward. "Your humiliation will come from
the fact that we both know that only a strip of thin fabric prevents me from seeing more
&#133; detail."
Mandy understood what he meant: pink. Despite her relationship

with Rick, Mandy did indeed feel uncomfortable with the idea of her
dad seeing everything down there. She reluctantly admitted to

herself that whatever he had in mind sounded like it was going to
bring back the humiliation that no longer existed in the "full-family,
naked" spankings. "Wh-what do you want me to do?"

Aaron picked up the paddle and sat down in his recliner. "Come sit
on my lap, with your back toward me." When Mandy was seated, he
continued. "Straddle my legs, and then lean forward until both of
your hands are touching the floor." As his daughter followed his
instructions, Aaron gripped her legs and guided them up and back
until they were spread wide to either side of him.
Blood rushed to Mandy's face. It was caused partly by gravity, but
mostly it was shame. She was painfully aware that her crotch was
pointed right at her father, and the idea that he was looking there
chased away any arousal she might othewise have felt. Oh god, I

hope my pussy lips aren't showing!
WHACK! The paddle struck Mandy's left buttcheek. The second
blow cracked against her right cheek, and then another hit her left.
Mandy began to sob as the blows mounted. She cried much harder

than she normally would during a similarly severe spanking in a more
conventional position. She breathed a silent sigh of relief when the
paddling ended after only fifty blows.

!"!"!"
Humiliated and in a lot of pain, Steffi's punishment went on and
on. After the paddling with her mom pinching her nipples, she was
bent over the arm of the sofa for another hundred with the paddle.
That was followed immediately by a hundred strokes from her
father's belt. Her father finished her punishment by making her bend
over with her hands on the sofa cushions. He made Steffi shriek in agony by administering
twenty strokes with that cruel cane of his.
The strokes covered her from just below her tailbone to halfway

down her thighs. She knew that the weals on her thighs would be
painfully obvious at school the next day. When the caning ended she
crumpled to the floor.

"I don't want to have to deal with this again, Steffi," Jacob said
seriously. "If I even hear rumors about you smoking again, count on
getting double what I gave you today. Now I want you to go to your
room and stay there for the rest of the night."
Steffi needed no further encouragement. She gathered up her
shirt and fled up the stairs.
"Oh, and Steffi?"
The teenager stopped at the sound of her father's voice.
"Don't wear that thong out of the house."
"Yes sir," Steffi mumbled before continuing to her room.
Face down on her bed, sobbing, Steffi remembered a suggestion
Mandy had given her &#151; something that would ease the pain. She
reached under her body and slipped her fingers into the front of her
thong. Easily finding her clit, she rubbed gently. She closed her eyes
and imagined that it was Mandy touching her there, licking her there.
Soon she came, and her body rocked gently as the waves of

pleasure intruded upon her pain. Steffi began to masturbate faster,
and in a moment another orgasm flooded her senses. She imagined

Mandy putting her fingers into her pussy, and her own fingers
paralleled the fantasy, feeling her wetness and bringing on yet
another climax.
She didn't know when the fantasy changed, but she gradually
realized that she was no longer thinking about Mandy. It was Rick's
dick she imagined was plunging in and out of her. Steffi's next

orgasm was the most powerful she had ever felt.
 !"!"!" 
At her father's direction, Mandy cleared everything off the coffee
table, then waited.
"Lie down on your back."
Mandy did as she was told, nervously wondering what her father
was going to do now. She was contrite and horribly embarrassed
already, very conscious that her tits were exposed and pointing
upward. She couldn't believe that her dad was going to whip them!
She was swearing to herself that she was never going to smoke
again.
"Now I want you to pull your knees up to your chest, and wrap
your arms around your legs."
Mandy did as she was told, realizing at once that her small
breasts were in no danger. But now her ass was pointing up. She
could feel the crotch of her thong stretching tightly across her pussy
and biting into the crack of her ass.

Aaron set the paddle aside and picked up the strap. "In case
you're wondering, this is called the `diaper position'. I'm sure you can
guess why."

"Yeah," Mandy mumbled, blushing furiously.
"Well, let's continue." Aaron raised the strap and brought it down
hard across his daughter's upturned bottom. He concentrated on her
sit spot, whipping that area to a bright red. He heard Mandy's
miserable wailing but ignored it, determined to teach the teenager a
lesson. It didn't cross his mind that the strokes were landing very
close to his daughter's genitals &#151; some even striking her there. The
thought that this would have a sexual effect upon Mandy was even

farther from his mind. To Aaron Clark, spanking was nothing more
than punishment.
Fifty strokes later, Mandy was well-chastised and humiliated. "Pick
up your clothes and go to your room, Mandy," said Aaron. "I hope

you will remember this the next time you think about smoking!"
"Y-yes, Daddy," Mandy sobbed.
Later, from her room, Mandy heard her mother come home. She
listened to her parents getting ready for their night out, and heard
them leave soon after. She picked up her phone and quickly dialed

Rick's cell phone number. When he answered she said, "It's me. Be
rough." She hung up and called Steffi.
They exchanged descriptions of their respective spankings, and
Steffi described her masturbation fantasies to Mandy. She was shy
about telling Mandy that she had thought about Rick, but confessed
that the orgasms did indeed help with the pain.
"So you like my brother?" Mandy asked, remembering what Rick
had told her.
"Yeah. He's soooo hot!"
"Want me to talk to him?"
"Oh god no! I'll die! Promise you won't say anything!"
"I promise," Mandy replied, smiling slyly to herself.
!"!"!"
Rick had clearly understood what Mandy had meant when she
called him. He came in the front door and went straight to his
sister's room. Walking right in without knocking, he moved to her
bed and yanked the covers off her. He shook Mandy to rouse her
from her feigned sleep, then climbed on top of her.
"Okay, bitch, you're gonna do what I want, or else!" Rick growled.
To emphasize his point he grabbed both of her breasts and
squeezed hard. He rolled off of his sister and unfastened his pants,
freeing his fully erect cock. Grabbing Mandy's hair he pulled her head
to his crotch and ordered her, "Suck it!"

Mandy obediently went down on him. She didn't have to bob up and down, because Rick was
forcing her down on his shaft. More
than once she had to fight to suppress her gag reflex when the head
of Rick's cock banged against the back of her throat. She sucked as
hard as she could.

Keeping one hand on the back of his sister's head, Rick reached
between her legs with the other and shoved two fingers into her
pussy. He frigged her hard and fast, keeping it up until she was
soaking wet. As soon as she came he pulled her head away from his
crotch. Rolling her onto her back, he pushed her legs apart and
rammed his cock into her dripping hole.
"Take it, bitch!" RIck growled. He could feel Mandy's pussy
clenching around his rod, and he liked the feeling. His little sister was
so damned tight already, and he didn't know any other girl who could
flex her pussy muscles to make herself even tighter. Out of all the
girls Rick had fucked &#151; and there were quite a few &#151; none were as
good as Mandy.

"Oooooooh &#133; fuck me hard, Rick &#133;" Mandy moaned with
pleasure. None of the boys Mandy had fucked had a dick as big as
her brother's. The pain of her recent spanking still throbbed,
enhancing the sensations that Rick's cock was sending through her.
She came for the second time, loudly. Each of Rick's thrusts pressed
her sore ass down into the mattress, enhancing Mandy's pleasure

even more and driving away the humiliation she felt during her earlier
punishment. She squeezed her tits hard, matching Rick's roughness.
"You like big brother's dick, don't you?" Rick asked. "It's the best,
ain't it?"

"Oh fuck! I love it!" Mandy gasped as another orgasm rocked her.
"Fuck me harder, Rick! Treat me like a slut &#133;" She pinched her
nipples hard enough to hurt, and came again.

By this time RIck was slamming into Mandy's pussy as hard as he
could. "You're such a slut, Mandy," RIck grunted.
"I am &#133; I am &#133;" Mandy mumbled. "I'm such a fucking slut!"
"You like it when it hurts, don't you, slut?"

"Yes! Make it hurt, Rick! I want you to make it hurt!"
Rick pulled out and turned Mandy onto her stomach. "Get your ass
in the air!" he commanded. When Mandy complied, he grabbed her
hips and shoved himself back into her cunny. He placed his hands on
her welt-covered ass and squeezed very hard. Mandy groaned in pain
and Rick could feel her pussy tighten around his cock. He slapped
both cheeks simultaneously, making Mandy cry out again. With his
dick still buried to the hilt, he administered ten slaps in rapid
succession to each buttock His sister howled, and he resumed
fucking her hard and fast.
Mandy was soon lost in a near-overload of ecstatic pain and
pleasure. She came again and again, nearly climaxing every time
Rick's hips slapped against her ass. Oh god, this is almost too much! I
can't believe how long he's lasting!

Rick had indeed lasted a long time, but inevitably his own climax
approached. "I'm gonna come!" he announced as he pulled out of his
sister's box. Mandy immediately rolled over and sat up, positioning
her face in front of her brother's pulsing cock. "Come on my face,"
she begged.

WIth a cry of, "Oh shit!" Rick exploded. His first volley caught
Mandy right between the eyes with a huge wad of spooge. More
shots spattered on her cheeks and chin before Mandy grabbed the
spurting shaft and wrapped her lips around it. Rick nearly collapsed as
Mandy sucked ravenously, milking him for every last drop of semen.
When there was none left in Rick, Mandy scooped up what was on
her face and licked her fingers clean, swallowing it all.
The incestuous siblings just sat in silence for several minutes,
listening to the sound of each other's heavy breathing. Finally, Mandy
spoke. "Thank you, Rick."

"For what?"
"For making me feel better after Daddy spanked me." Mandy
explained how their father had punished her, and the new form of
humiliation. Then she giggled and said, "I think he was as embarrassed as I was."
"If he only knew what we do," Rick added. "He'd shit."

"And probably whip both of us till we couldn't walk!"
They laughed at that, and then Rick remembered something.
"Hey, you said you had something you wanted me to do for you.
What was it?"
"Oh, that. Well, um, I was gonna ask you to eat my pussy, like
they do in those movies."
"I've never done that before," Rick said.
"I know. I was just gonna ask to to give it a try."
"Okay, I will."
"Not now," Mandy answered quickly. "I don't think I could take
anymore tonight."
"Next time, then."
"Yeah." Mandy was silent for a moment, then said, "I have
something to tell you. You'll like it!"
"What?"
"Um, remember what you said about Steffi?"
"Yeah?"
"Well, I talked to her on the phone before got home and &#133;"
"Did she get a bad spanking too?"
"Yeah. So she told me all about it, and I told her about mine. Then
she told me that she played with herself after the spanking, like I told
her to do. She doesn't have anybody to make her feel better, so I

kinda showed her how to get herself off."
"Really?"
"Uh-huh. And she said that thinking about you while she did it
really helped."
"No shit?"
"She's got a big crush on you. Didn't you notice the way she
always looks at you?"
"Well, now that you mention it &#133;"
"Don't tell her I told you any of this, though! She'll be too
embarrassed to ever talk to you again! Promise?"
"I promise! But, I'd still like to, you know &#133;"
"You wanna fuck her. And I'm gonna help." Mandy told her brother
about the lesbian sex she and Steffi had had, and then she told him
her plan.

Punishment count
Steffi: 400 spanks
Mandy: 371 spanks





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T-Luv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





