BDSM Library - Hands On The Clock




Hands On The Clock
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When his wild and sassy wife gets a little too frisky in bed (the knife was really TOO much), Gabe has no choice but to give the naughty nymph the wake up call of her life!
    HANDS ON THE CLOCK

                                               by Frances LaGatta

     If ever a mala feminia was in need of a spanking it was his Italiano wife, 
Gabe ruminated.   If Ruperta spoiled what should've been a happy occasion in
their lives, a cause for celebration, she had no one to blame but herself. 
Well, the only woman without a past was Eve, he told himself.   And the details
of their little argument were history.   But could he ever forget how his wife
conned her way out of that confrontation?  Gabe didn't know what made him feel
more of the fool;  the ease in which Ruperta had gotten him out of his pants; or
how easily she had managed to make him forget who wore them.  

How it irked him to think -- all she had had to do was phone him at work and
invite him to meet her later with the promise of  'the best sex he would ever
have.'   Of course Bobbino had used her most seductively effective voice to
defuse his anger, and how prettily she had put it to him ,  but in short ,  she
needed him in bed.   Ready, willing, and stark naked.  BEFORE she arrived.  And
the second he heard that bedroom door open?  He was to spread his legs wide. 
His throat had gone dry while his breathing and pulse rate kicked into high
gear.  And that she chose that particular tounge-tied moment to beg-off with
quick excuse and hang up no longer surprised him.   No doubt she'd been
satisfied the remainder of his workday would be spent anticipating what every
red-blooded male considered their favorite pastime.  And she'd been right.   The
hands on the clock couldn't have moved fast enough to suit him. 

Gabe's blood soared with unbidden sexual memories.  When Bobbino finally did
open the bedroom door that night, before he could blink, she had ripped open the
snaps to her baggy black nylon work smock, revealing a sexy French maid's
uniform.   A ruffled loincloth of a black apron barely concealed the garter
bands to her smoky silk stockings.  And the frilly white blouse .  .  .  it
exposed the half moon tops of her voluptuous, cocoa brown nipples.   Staring
coyly at the ceiling, she proceeded to pin a white cap atop her dark spiral
curls, making that mouth-watering decollete jiggle enticingly.   She then
reached for the wall switch and suddenly all went black.  

A long matchstick was struck, illuminating her lovely Italian features in the
shadows.  With a  slow, sensual sashay about the room,  she lighted musk-scented
candles until her shadowy figure was bathed in soft flickering glows.   Finished
with that, she brought the flaming taper before her pursed,  hell red lips, 
bringing her phone conversation to mind.  .  .  the one that had him fantasizing
and sporting a hard-on at work all-the-live-long-day.   On a deep,
bosom-expanding inhalation, Bobbino blew out the flame, and as if in answer to
her fondest wish, his thighs fell wide.  Her sultry gaze dropped from his
expectant face to scrutinize his proud, rock hard prong jutting up.   But his
lil' maid. . . she had other things in mind. 

From behind her back, Ruperta magically produced a pink feather duster, and his
respiration rose further, along with his pulse rate.  She reached out, tickling
his testicles, playfully dusting at his erection.   He quickly grasped her
torturous wrist to stay her.   Laughing to-beat-hell, he was about to haul his
prick teaser of a wife into bed and fuck her silly,  but she slipped from his
grasp and scurried out of his reach.  Lively brown eyes sparkled with the love
of mischief while she waggled her finger and tisk-tisked him.   And the only
thing that kept him from bounding off the bed after her was the site of those
dainty French manicured fingernails unbuttoning her  blouse, and then each
ruffled cuff.  Gabe could almost hear a blowsy burlesque tune playing in the
background while she shrugged out of one half of the blouse. . . and then the
other.   She then stretched out a tanned arm and the material fell from her
fingertips, fluttering to the floor like the wings of a dove.   That same
dramatic hand swooped to between the cups of her gold satin demi bra, and with
one deft flick of her wrist, the shiny fabric flew askew and her bountiful
breasts sprang free, stealing the breath from his lungs.   When she spun on her
black high-heeled pumps,   deliberately depriving him of that delectable view, 
his eyelids slammed shut on a savoring groan.  

Upon opening one eye,  his saw that his lil' maid was bent over the dresser,
busy fussing with a silver service tray.  Black seams ran straight up her
shapely ankles and long legs, aiming at a nude derriere that wiggled sassily
below the apron's big black bow.  Beneath her robusto bottom cheeks, her soft
brown tail feathers were dewy with arousal.  Any thoughts of ever punishing that
heart-shaped handful evaporated in a steamy cloud of boiling male lust.  He
could'nt wait to plow into that warm, moist sheath.  .  . that is until  Bobbino
spun to face him again. 

Hoisting that tray baring a solitary, rather large orange,  she pointed it out. 
.  .  but eating fruit was the last thing on his mind!  All he wanted to do now
was devour those delectable nipples before he fucked her brainless.  But he'd be
damned if he'd steal the lead scene during her  lil' show.  .  . especially with
visions of her hell-yes lips closing over his cock still dancing in his mind. 
And her generous hips.  .  . they swayed so suasily as she made her way toward
him.  As curious as he was as to what she was about to do next, Gabe wondered
how much longer he could remain passive, restrain himself.

Perched on the bed now,  Ruperta thrust her pretty face, inches away from his
own.  Her olive eyes smoldered with a flame that's sudden intensity startled
him.  But before he could discern what her crazed look was about, his wife
pulled out a long knife, and  it swooped down; the sharp edge placed dangerously
and directly against his erection.  Was she possessed by Elaina Bobbit!   He
nearly went into cardiac arrest,  and he scrambled back against the headboard,
shielding his rapidly shriveling manhood and family jewels with both hands.  Was
it any wonder he recalled another argument in which he had been guilty as
charged?  Ignoring his reaction, Ruperta shook her long, dark mane wildly about
her shoulders and she gave him a sexy growl totally at odds with her subservient
get-up.  Still wielding that wicked-looking knife, he watched in stunned
fascination as she made a slow and deliberate show of side-slicing, cutting out
a quarter section, almost coring that large orange.  And he could'nt believe the
words coming out of his normally shy wife's mouth while she licked juice from
her dripping fingers.

 "Are you going to be a good boy while I suck your cock dry?" she purred and
then smacked her glistening red lips.  And then  topless,  and still dressed in
her ass-revealing apron and sexily gartered, seamed stockings and pumps, she
climbed up between his legs, fully ready to service him. 

What guy in his right mind would argue?  His traitorous cock had risen again
like Lazarus brought forth from the dead.   Wild spiral curls soon thrashed at
his torso and throbbing manhood.  And then suddenly she held herself motionless.  
Her tantalizing tits dangled, swaying slightly before they settled above his
iron hard rod.  She then enveloped his shaft in that soft, velvety warmth,
squeezing her mounds together with her hands.  Ruperta began rocking to n' fro
with a gentle rhythm and wistful expression.  .  . utterly lost in the act of
pleasuring her man.   Gabe watched the crown of his cock vanished and reappear
at the apex of her fleshy  decollete,  his knob knocking under her chin with
increasing speed.  The tiny red slit of his penis opened and closed from the
action, and a pearly droplet of cum soon smeared her skin.  When her breasts
came away with a sudden rush of cool air, robbing him of a powerful climax,  he
moaned in frustrated delirium. 

Ruperta chose that moment to hastily push a pillow beneath his butt,  and he
raised his hips in silent, more-than-willing compliance.   Gripping his thighs
tight, she forced them as wide as they would go.  And then she deftly fit and
adjusted the side-sliced, semi-cored Sunkist around his erection, nearly turning
his jewels blue with need.   Jesu Chisto!   She began a tortuously slow ride
with that tight, succulent fruit, up and then down the length, all the while
licking and slurping the oozing fruit drink from her clenched hand, and where it
coolly trickled down his overheated shaft, leisurely laving his thoroughly
drenched balls.   He didn't think it got any better than this.  .  .   until she
burrowed her cap lower.  

Her tongue dabbled along his perineum like a live wire down and dancing dirty on
a rain slick road.  And then suddenly the tip of her tounge darted around and
then directly into his anal bud.  The electric shocks almost sent him careening
over the cliff.  Sensing he was about to lose control, she quickly gripped the
base of his stick and back-shifted, squeezing it tight.  Nearly insane with the
need to come, he demanded acceleration and release.  

Pistoning the now mushy pulp, gripping the firm rind tighter, she increased the
rhythm of her hand, faster and faster, greedily lapping the length of his rod, 
slurping the puddle at his thatch with her talented tongue.   Then she
maneuvered her yawning, warm mouth over the rubbery knob, her generous lips
shielding her tiny, keyboard teeth.  The moment she began suckling and nibbling
on the now purple crown of his throbbing cock; all the while furiously jacking
that forbidden fruit up and down,  the entire act felt. . .  incredibly. . .  as
if two women were working him over.   Simultaneous felletto AND fucking! 

Ruperta cradled his furry balls, rolling the nestled nuggets between her sticky
fingers.  Her throaty hums while she vacuumed him sent zinging vibrations
coursing down every engorged vein and nerve to his swollen left sac.  His hips
arched violently off the sodden pillow.  His thighs strained and his butt
muscles flexed; his whole body  became a tightly strung bow.   Her  furiously
rough yank from the base to mid shaft hurtled him into a fevered explosion.  
Shooting jet after exquisite jet into her mouth, like a purring cat,  Bobbino
swallowed every bit of his sweet cream combined with citrus and pulp in the most
intense orgasm he ever experienced with her. 

 The mere memory of that night had the power to tent his trousers.  .  .  . 

But that was then, and this was now,  and Gabe also remembered that his wife had
thoroughly and effectively used this amazing little trick on him to remove any
and all notions he had of taking her to task.  

						    
*   *   *   


Opening the bedroom door, Gabe reached for her wrist and swung her inside the
room like so much fluff.   Ruperta  staggered back into the bed, and her shapely
bum landed with a decided bounce.  "Now."  He shut and locked the door behind
him.  "Take off your clothes," he ordered in a no-nonsense tone, and he tossed
the wide paddled hairbrush on the blue chintz bedspread. 

A thrill of frightened apprehension and odd anticipation coursed through her and
it was impossible to steady her erratic pulse. "Gabe,"  she wheedled in a shaky
voice.  "I think maybe you're over re-act-"

 "Do it!" he bellowed,  boldly intimidating as he stood motionless in the middle
of the room with his hands on his hips. "Or I'll give you a session with my belt
to go along with that brush."

Bobbino  flinched at his tone and lowered her lashes, escaping his unyielding
stare.  Accustomed to having the upper hand with her husband, this new Gabe was
strange and disquieting and somehow wildly exciting.  But feeling weak and
vulnerable in the face of his dominance made her angry.  Abandoning common
sense, she looked up at him with fire flashing in her dark, carelessly defiant
eyes.  "You wouldn't dare," she said leaning causally back on her elbows as if
immune to his feeble threats. 

In a lightening fast motion, Gabe unbuckled his belt, ripped the brown strap
free from the loops, folded the leather in half, and gave it a loud snap that
made her spine shoot up straight.   The second he took and abrupt step towards
her, her eyes flew wide and she ripped open the snaps to her nylon work smock. 
He stepped back when she quickly shucked it off her  shoulders.   "I thought
you'd see reason." He tossed the belt on the bed beside her as a further warning 
"Now the rest. "

Petulant lips pursed in a pout,  Ruperta inched the hem of her pale pink
cashmere turtleneck up her olive skinned torso.  Her weirdly aroused,  flushed
cheeks flamed further, humiliatingly conscious of his scrutiny as he stood
there, tall, and angry, and waiting.  Her emotions whirled.  The mere thought of
him whipping her bum with that belt scared her,  made her shiver,  but it also
set off a ripple of warm  excitement, damping her core with a confusing need
that froze her fingers.

"What's the matter?" he chuckled nastily. "You didn't have a problem stripping
for me the other night."

At that, Bobbino jerked the tight turtleneck off her hot-tempered head, freeing
her dark curls, which cascaded over her heaving bra cups.   Giving him with a
withering look that could wilt lettuce,  she toed off her black flats,  ripped
her trouser socks off her feet, balled them up, and threw them across the room.  
She pushed herself into a standing position, roughly unzipped her charcoal-gray
raw silk slacks, wiggled them down her ample hips, and then kicked them away. 
"Oh this is ridiculous!"  She jutted her chin on a full blown tantrum.   "I will
NOT let you spank me!"

Gabe turned his unruffled back on her, and opening a dresser drawer beneath the
mirror, he rummaged inside. "You better have that  bra and those panties off by
the time I turn around,"  his low voice was one used to warn a headstrong child. 
"Okaaay," he heard her whine a few seconds later.  "What I did was thoughtless,"
she admitted. . . begrudgingly.  "And-and, you could have lost your job over it. 
Yes.  I was a mala feminia.  A bad girl when I lied to you, but---"

"Not once, but three times," he reminded her, holding up pantyhose more holey
than a church.

"But can't we just forget the whole dumb mess?  I mean, mio arch angelo .  .  .
just think.  We should be celebrating with champagne.  We should be making
armoire , Gabriel."

"I couldn't agree more.   I'd rather be lighting candles and making love.  But
unfortunately you spoiled it."

 "I  have a present for you," she sang in her most effectively seductive phone
voice, and he glanced up from his hunt to eye her warily her through the mirror. 
Satisfied that she had his undivided attention,  Ruperta popped open the front
catch on her pink satin bra, freeing her big breasts, and then hefting them as
if in offering with a sexy smile that could tempt Adam. . . along with the
snake.  "Hummm," she purred, shimmying her satin panties down her curvaceous
thighs and legs and then toeing them aside.  "How I'd love to lick every inch of
that lean, hard body of yours.  Dio, Gabe."  She toyed with her  burgeoning 
brown nipples. "Your machismo made me so. . . tingly.  So. . ."  Clasping her
wispy brown mons, she sank a finger, deep. "Wet. "

He raised an amused brow. "Did it now?"

With an impish expression, Ruperta withdrew her dewy finger, brought it to her
lips,  and licked it, salaciously, like a lollypop. "After I ride you on the
bed, we can take a shower together.  I'll soap you all up. . .  from on my
knees.  And you will be a good boy while I suck your cock dry," she chirped, and 
he could'nt help recalling. . . she used the same uncharacteristic, dominating
words during her maid's performance.  The only thing missing was the
wicked-looking  knife.

Bristling anew at her audacity,  he swung around to face her directly and then
he promptly dumped his chosen heap of laundry into her lap.  "That sexy maid's
uniform will serve up your bare ass quit nicely when I spank it ," he clarified,
watching her  seductive expression crash.  "Which is exactly what  I should 
have done before you changed my mind with your cute little orange trick." He
fished inside his pocket and produced an orange,  a much smaller one, which he
lobbed in the air and caught.

"Wha-what're you gonna do with that?"

"Well," he countered snidely,  setting  the orange on the nightstand.  "I guess
it's my turn to spring a few surprises on you."  With a possessive, iron grip on
her wrist, he hauled her to her feet.  "Much like me the other night. . . " He
sat on edge of  their king-sized bed, settled his back comfortably against the
blue tufted headboard, and stretched out his long legs. "You're going to play a
passive part."

Her breath seemed to solidify in her throat. "Meaning?"  she managed to say with
a hard swallow.

 "Meaning if you don't do as you're told and shut-up about it,  I'll increase
your punishment from one hour---" He turned the bedside alarm clock towards her.
"--to two."

Panic rioted within in her along with a jangling surge of potent arousal.  "You
can't be serious."

"You just added another hour onto you your sentence ." He picked up the
hairbrush. "And now you've less than five minutes to get into that costume.  Or 
I'll use the belt, too." While she dressed, Gabe increased her dread and
embarrassment and anxiety.  He demanded to know 'why she was not-at-all thrilled
this go round at the way the frilly white blouse exposed the tops of her
nipples.'  Reduced to a naughty girl, he knew  she was too humiliated and scared
to reply.   Even as she accordioned her stockings,  slipped each over her
polished red toes, pulled them up with shaky fingers and hooked the garters,  he
repeatedly inquired whether her pussy was becoming wetter.  When she hid her
guilty mons with the scanty black apron,  he asked if  her clit was pulsing as
fast as her heart!   As she reached behind her to tie the big black bow,  he
made a point of reminding her how she had bent over for her man, granting him
more than an eyeful of her pleasantly plump ass.   'Now turn around and bend
over!" he yelled, cracking her thigh with the brush to get he moving.

 "Yeow!"  Ruperta gasped at the sting and quickly spun,  protecting her ass
cheeks with splayed hands  as she bent at the waist.  By the way her thigh
throbbed, Lord-only-knew what he would do to her doomed behind!

"Take those hands away and wiggle that ass for me like you did the other night,"
he ground out.  Now!" He cracked her other thigh,  and  she bit back a cry as
her hands flew away. "I said wiggle it!  That's right!  Shake that thing!" 

Feeling more naked and exposed than she did without a stitch on,   Ruperta
clasped her knees and undulated her hips, silently cursing the  ridiculous black
bow.  Fully aware that her husband could see the pouch of her labia,  how soaked
she was, the knowledge. . . it did nothing to assuage her shame. 

"I imagine you're wishing for panties," he observed like a clairvoyant.  
"Anything  to hide that creamy pussy and ass.  Now spread your cheeks apart," 
he instructed, and the silken thread of a  dangerous warning in his
authoritative voice unhinged her.   " I want to see that fuckable asshole of
yours."

Ruperta's tearfully ashamed eyes suddenly smoked and  she straightened up and
spun to face him. "You've gone too far!   I've had just about enough of your
b-bossiness --" Stammering mad, ready to call him an asshole, tell him to fuck
off,  stomp away,  the breath left her lungs when her husband hauled her across
his spread thighs. 

Ruperta's heart hammered in her chest with her breasts pressed into one rock
hard thigh, her mons mashed into the other, and her legs angled down with her
toes touching the carpet.  If she was embarrassed before, she wanted to die at
how the maid's costume completely bared her bottom to his probing stare.  In the
mirror, was that her pouty expression fearfully resigned to this fate?  And the
ridiculous bow above her cleft. . .  she buried her face into the pillow with a
mortified groan.  It showcased her bottom like two basket balls. . . just
begging to be deflated.  She felt, rather than saw him raise the dreaded brush
on high.  Anticipating the first blow, she squeezed her buttocks, bracing
herself  for the worst.   His slow sensual massage to her mounds was an
unexpected surprise. . . .

Gabe loosened her cringing skin with his masterful hands,  heard her dreamy
sigh, saw her juices flow and dampen her inner thighs.  He played with her
bottom for such a long time, he knew she wondered if he  had changed his mind
about spanking her in favor of sex, and sure enough,  her thighs fell wide open,
inviting him to sink his tormenting fingers inside the folds of  her drench
cavern.  His own crotch was warm and his cock throbbed against her tummy,
staining against the zipper of his trousers.  Tamping down desire, he
concentrated on the task at hand.  Holding her around the waist, he brushed the
bristles over her fearfully clenched cheeks and then brushed her damp pussy
hair.  "Do you remember how you pulled a knife out as if to un-man me?"

"Yes," she mewed with shameful trepidation.  And her eyes flew wide when the
pink duster appeared beneath her  nose.  Through the mirror she watched him coat
the black handle with Oil Of Olay taken from her handy  bedside bottle.  Ruperta
felt and saw him splay her ass cheeks with one masculine hand.  Gabe began to
tickle her anal rose with the feathers until she thought she's go mad. . . the
pleasure was so intense.  Skimming the lubed handle between her cheeks, he began
a furiously fast sawing motion.  Spreading her furry hood, he tickled her clit,
and against her will,  her cries of delight rose in octaves, building higher and
higher.  On the verge of tumbling into blessed oblivion, the feathers vanished, 
cruelly robbing her of an explosive climax.  The second she raised her hips in
frustration,  seeking more, the well-greased handle was pressed directly to her
anal bud.  She grunted as a curious swooping course through her inwards and
straight to engorged clit.  Oh my. . . he slowly inched the handle past her
rebellious sphincter.  In the mirror. . .  it  slid it into her rectum until the
pink feathers protruded lewdly  at the split of her ass.  "Now," he said; 
"Shake your tail feathers."

Oh god, she couldn't, wouldn't do it!  That she enjoyed the entry at all had
been mortifying enough.

"Well," Gabe said, ripping tissues from the beside box and succinctly  wiping
his greased fingers clean. "I just guess I'll have make that ass shake with a
good spanking until you do as you're told."  He picked up the brush, and it
descended with a lighting force and thunderous crack, searing her skin with a
spreading wave of pain.  She shrilled, legs shooting straight out behind,
reflectively expelling the rude intruder.
"Nice," he commented,  mortifying her further as he pulled it completely free
form her rectum, and then he  tossed it aside along with her sanity.  

Any shed of control was soon lost as he  began steadily peppering her ass with
the hated brush.   Her orbs  bounced and jiggled and flattened again and again,
left cheek, right cheek, he repeated blows, each one gaining in strength and
speed.  She kicked up her heels and he locked her against his middle and
imprisoned her flaying wrists in an iron grip.  When he delivered two dozen more
swats on the same tender  hot spots, her lingering arousal vanished, replaced by
agony.

Thwack!  Thwack!  Thwack!  Thwack!  On and on it went, only slower.   Was it 
more than an hour ?  Like the monotonous beat of a metronome,  strong, 
persistent,  maddening ,  her bottom cheeks  bounced and swelled throughout his
scorching punishment.   Even worse. . . he lectured, listing and punctuating
each of her sins with a hash smack as if to drive his point home.

"Owh!  Owh!  Oh! Ahh!   Damn you stop!" she wailed, incensed.  One fierce crack
was applied to another and she feared he would not stop until her bottom boiled
like a volcano.  In the mirror,  her bum  resembled two ripe tomatoes nested in
pink cotton candy.   He covered every inch of her rear flesh, from the summit to
the valleys, to between her thighs until her skin began burn hotter than a
Bunsen burner. "No! No Moooore! " she shrieked, babbling in Italian as her
fleshy hillocks jiggled and swelled with deeper,  bruising aches.  Alternately
begging him to stop, promising him she would behave,  apologizing to no avail, 
the forceful smacks that continued were unbearable.  She wiggled like an insane
eel.   Her voice grew even more in volume, if that was possible,  and she cussed
him again. 

"Watch your mouth!" he growled, but she could'nt help it, her ass was on fire! 

When he stopped,  she caught her breath,  sweating and dragging in deep breaths
as if she had run a marathon.  But when she saw Gabe reach for the bedside
clock, and then set that blasted alarm for another hour,  she screamed;
"Pleeeasse I can't take any more!"  With her lips wide open for another full
blown, air raid-like wail, he stuffed that orange into her mouth,  immediately
muffling her caterwauling and making her eyes  bug wide.

 "This will remind you that you will never again resort to sexual manipulation 
in order to finagle your way out of future punishments.  And starting today? 
There WILL be further punishments  whenever you either  lie, misbehave, or
disobey me."  Taking up the brush again,  he cracked her cheeks dead center, 
and she bit down on the orange.   Juice dribbled down her chin onto the pillow. 
Mortified, she thrashed her hair and grunted her protests around the humiliating 
gag.  

He then began a harder, faster series of  skin scorching smacks that sounded out
like  rifle shot at a shooting range.  If only the hands on the clock would 
move as fast  as his!  Her poor bottom was raw. Smack! Smack! Smack!  She
bounded up and down in his lap to the rhythm of his wrist, her keening muffled. 

And then mercifully, finally,  the bedside alarm went off, and the spanking
stopped. 


Gabe smacked the  button off, silencing the wake up call.    And without
warning, she felt him peel apart her ass cheeks,  felt him sink his index finger 
into her vagina, wetting his finger with her guilty juices.  He then placed the
tip of his finger to her anal bud  and slowly rimmed her cringing rectum.  When
he inserted his digit to the knuckle, right before the sphincter ring, the
muscle twitch uncontrollably, reflexively trying to expel the uncomfortable
intruder.  With his finger planted thus,  his other hand rose and fell in  a
fierce tirade, smacking her lower orbs, peppering her ass like a man possessed. 

The fight drained from her body.  She endured and accepted the nasty stings, and
while the queer sensation of his finger inside her bottom hole set off 
electrifying sensations to her very core, it barely overrode the meted pain. 
And  like the orange in her mouth,  it did nothing to assuage her humiliation. 
Which was considerable. 

His lecture, his dominance,  the orange and his persistent finger, all of it
combined toppled the walls of her will.  When Gabe stabbed his masculine finger
deep inside her rectum,  just once, before he withdrew it completely,   the
flood gates burst open.   She began to cry, silent, chocking tears.  The next
thing she knew. . .  the orange was gently wiggled from her teeth and free of
her mouth, and she yielded to the compulsive sobs that shook her insides. 

 "I was wondering when I would get through that stubborn Italian hide yours,"
Gabe comforted,  and he  then gathered her up into her arms.   Seated in his
lap, Ruperta buried her face into his shoulder, soaking it  with remorseful
tears while he soothed the sting and burn on her bottom, rubbing her hot flesh
in a  gentle caress.  Her tear-stained lips rained hungry kisses over his neck
and ear and cheek.  And then her hungry mouth found his, and her citrus flavored
tongue danced over his own.   Tasting the fruit of his wife's submissively sweet
surrender,  his hand skimmed between her thighs,  his feathering fingers
searching and finding the center of her pleasure.   But Ruperta removed his
hand, slid off his lap, and scrambled on her knees to the foot of the  bed.  His
rock hard cock strained in his trousers while watched her lower her forehead and
scoot her knees up, arching her lovely back and raising her red hot bottom on
high.  

His misbehaving maid then reached behind with faltering fingers, splaying open
her fiery red cheeks, exposing her anal rose in an unmistakably, subservient
appeal; a willing slave to his desires.





HANDS ON THE CLOCK/Copyright 2003/Frances LaGatta


Other work by this author can be found at Wicked Velvet  www.wickedvelvet.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Frances LaGatta


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





