BDSM Library - Training His Wife




Training His Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young couple discover that they enjoy the bdsm lifestyle. Their desire is for her to be completely submissive, but the husband isn't sure how to go about it. That's where I come in. Arrangements are made for her to spend two weeks under my training, so that I can deliver the requested product.
                                      Training His Wife

                                           by Mr.J


   It started with an email, as it usually does. My postings on the Internet
describes me as a 'slut trainer', and I get frequent queries as to what that
involves. The queries are usually from husbands, or Doms that cannot administer
proper training themselves, for whatever reason. I explain that I achieve my
goals through bondage and discipline, including, but not limited to, whips,
leather straps, paddles, canes, clamps, breast and vaginal punishment and
punishment enemas. Many times I never hear back from them, but occasionally, as
in this case, they wish to continue the correspondence.

   This was a husband, and apparently he had started a bdsm relationship with
his wife a few months before. They discovered that she was a submissive at
heart, and he wanted her to be totally subservient, but he didn't know how to go
about it. I explained to him that I wasn't an advice columnist, but if he wished
to put her in my care, I could produce the results he wanted.

   He wanted to know how long it would take, and how much it cost. I explained
that it depended on the individual, that some women had more mental baggage than
others, and that needed to be dealt with, but a minimum of two weeks for
starters, and possibly on-going instruction in the future. I told him that my
services didn't require cash, that my reward was in the final outcome. I said I
did it because I enjoyed doing it, that I was retired, and could devote myself
24/7 to her training. I told him that the time frame was totally up to him, but
it had to be within the next two months, as I had a delivery coming from the
East Coast then. He told me that he was definitely interested.

   We discovered that they lived about two hours away from me, so the delivery
wouldn't pose a problem. I told him to send me nude pictures of his wife, front
and back, including the face, and a detailed bio, to include any and all
exposure she'd had to bdsm, and her sexual history.

   He wrote back a few days later. His wife's name was Anna. She was 20 years
old, 5'4" and 110 lbs., 36D, 22, 33. They had been married for six months. She'd
had one previous sexual relationship with a boyfriend, and he, her husband, was
only the second man she had ever been with. They had started with blindfold sex,
and graduated to her being tied up and spanked. He said she loved oral and anal,
especially after a spanking, and that he had used a belt on her a few times.
That was about the extent of it.

   He said, if I approved, he would deliver her on the upcoming weekend, only
three days away. She had made arrangements to totally free up her schedule for
the two weeks after that. She sounded perfect, and I almost dreaded opening the
pictures; I've had some real pigs try and enlist my services. I was pleasantly
surprised; she was beautiful.

   She stood, facing the camera, legs about two feet apart, her hands at her
sides. She had big, full breasts, with large, brown aureolas, and she had large
nipples, that stood out nicely. Her pubic hair had been waxed or shaved, and her
slit had big, pouty lips. She had long, brown hair, almost to her waist, and in
the next picture, a rear shot, she had her hair pulled to the side, and I could
see she had a beautiful, heart-shaped ass. I told him to bring her to me.

   I sent him a final email on Friday, with directions to my house, and
instructions for her presentation. I wanted her naked under a cape or coat,
something that opened in the front, and her hair tied back. I wanted her wrists
tied behind her back, and black high heels on her feet. I told him I lived in
the country and was completely out of view from neighbors, so her exit from the
car would not be a problem.

   The car pulled in the driveway at about noon on Saturday. I watched from a
window as he walked around to open the passenger door and helped her out. Her
high heels slid to the ground and the front of her naked body was exposed, her
hands tied behind her back. I could see a cape tied around her neck and it fell
in place as she stood up, and her legs flashed through the opening as they
approached the house. I opened the door and he gave me a nervous smile as they
entered. I saw them glance quickly around the room. My whole house was equipped
for ensuring the compliance of females, and there was a spanking horse and a
low, cuffed equipped, table in the room. One wall was festooned with whips and
straps, hanging from wooden pegs. Canes of various sizes leaned against the
wall, and a long counter top held cuffs and clamps, dildoes and plugs, tubes of
lubricant and candles. Ropes hung, dangling from pulleys on the wooden beam
ceiling.

   "Stand here," I said to her, indicating a spot in the center of the room.

   "First rule," I said to her. "You will keep your eyes and head downward. You
are not to look up at me unless I tell you to. "Is that clear?"  She quickly
nodded her head. I had a ball gag in my hand and walked up behind her.

   "Open your mouth," I said. She opened and I jockeyed the ball into her mouth,
forcing her jaws open, and I buckled it around her head. Next came a blindfold.
Then I opened up a thin, steel collar, interset with metal rings, and wrapped it
around her neck, fastening it with a small padlock..

   "Now, then," I addressed her husband. He proffered his hand but I ignored it.
"You may stay only until I have completed my inspection. Then you must leave
her. But, just to re-iterate, her two weeks will be a rigorous time for her.
There are no safewords, and she will have no choice but to comply. Do you still
wish to leave her with me?" He nodded his head.

   "And Anna, do you still wish to stay?" She nodded quickly.

   "Very well," I said. "I have printed out a statement to that affect, if you
would please sign it," I said to him, indicating a paper and a pen on the table.
He glanced it over and signed it. 

   "Now, I will inspect her," I said. I pulled her cape back, tucking it under
her arm pits. I hefted her breasts in my hands, as if weighing them. She started
to breath heavily through her nose. Then her nipples; they were already erect
and I rolled them between my thumb and forefinger, pinching them, causing her to
moan slightly. She jumped slightly when she felt my finger at her slit- it was
completely smooth.

   "Hold still and spread your legs," I said. She widened her stance, and I
teased the length of her slit with a forefinger. She was wet. I slid my finger
into her, and she was hot, and tight. She moaned and pushed against my hand.

   "You are not to cum without permission, slut, or you will be horsewhipped." I
continued probing her wet, silky channel.

   "Hands and knees, slut," I said, "head on the floor, ass up, knees spread."
She awkwardly got to her knees, her hands still behind her back, and managed to
get her forehead to the floor. I lifted her cape up and draped it over her back,
her perfect ass exposed.

   "Spread your knees wider," I said, taking in the view of her smooth, hairless
ass crack. I snapped a rubber glove on and picked up a tube of lubricant,
liberally greasing up the middle finger.

   "Do not move," I warned her. I rotated my finger around her anus, greasing
the hole, and slid into her ass. There was a slight 'mmmmph' from behind the gag
as I slowly finger-fucked the tight hole.

   "I felt a turd up in there, Anna," I said, withdrawing from her ass. "We will
deal with that soon." I loved doing these inspections in front of the husbands,
as it left no doubt in their minds that their wife's body had been surrendered
to me. When I looked at him, he had an erection.

   I  nodded toward the door, indicating it was time for him to go.

   "I will keep you informed of her progress, " I told him. " I totally
discourage any communication between you and her unless it is a dire emergency.
It is paramount that she be taught to open herself, with you completely out of
the picture." He stopped at the door and turned back to the room.

   "Goodbye, Anna," he said. "I love you, baby." There was no response from his
kneeling wife.

   "Well, goodbye then," he said, and he walked to his car and drove away. I
walked back to my kneeling charge and helped her to her feet. I removed her cape
and admired her nakedness. I untied her wrists and buckled leather cuffs on
them, as well as her ankles, and I removed her shoes. I snapped her wrist cuffs
together behind her, and attached a leash to her collar. I removed her
blindfold, and tugged on the leash and she followed me down the hallway to the
bathroom. My bathroom was huge, and I had picked up a stainless steel autopsy
table, complete with drain, and it was the center of attention..

   I uncuffed the girl's wrists and told her to crawl up on the table on her
hands and knees. I knew she saw the enema apparatus hanging above the table, as
well as more punishment tools, and she trembled slightly as she took her
position. I strapped her wrists and ankles to the edges of the table, and filled
a double-  enema bag with warm, soapy water. The double-bardex was very
efficient at giving forced enemas, because it had two bulbs that could be
inflated, one inside and one outside the body. I lubed up the probe and slowly
pushed the first deflated bulb into her ass, and I could hear sounds of protest
from behind the gag.

   "You are to remain still, and quiet, unless I instruct you otherwise." I
started to inflate the inner bulb, and again she protested.

   "You have earned your first punishment, Anna," I told her. I inflated both
bulbs and retrieved a paddle from the wall. "I'm going to paddle you until you
agree to hold still, and be quiet." I went right to work, smacking her ass and
thighs with the paddle, harder and faster, harder and faster, the enema hose
swaying. I could hear her screaming behind the gag, and I knew that this
paddling had already gone beyond anything she had ever recieved before. When I
stopped, her ass was beet-red and swollen. I could hear her trying to breathe,
snot blowing out of her nose.

   "I am going to remove your gag, Anna, but only to hear you say one thing. You
will say,

    'I will be quiet and I will be still, Master.' If you do not say it, then
the gag goes back in and the paddling continues." I unbuckled the gag and pried
the ball from her mouth. She was sobbing and trying to catch her breath. I gave
her a minute to compose herself, and I admired her red ass cheeks with the
 hose protruding between them.

   "I...will...be quiet," she sobbed for a second and continued, "and..I ...will
be still, Master."

   "Good girl," I told her. "Now maybe we can continue without the gag...that's
up to you."

   I opened the valve on the bag, and she moaned as she began to fill, and she
tensed as she began to cramp. I stopped and restarted, over and over, until she
had taken a good portion of two quarts. I made her hold it for about 8 minutes
while I rubbed her rumbling belly and pulled and twisted her nipples. When she
finally broke out in a sweat I knew it was time.

   The table was equipped with water jets on the sides, and a short hose, and I
turned them all on. I deflated the bulbs and the whole stinking, soapy mess shot
out of her, the water jets directing it down the drain. Her guts spasmed for a
long time, and I hosed off her buttocks and the backs of her legs. Then I
refilled the bag and refilled her, making her take 2 1/2 quarts, and then again
with three quarts. I washed her down with a soft brush and soapy water.

   I led her back into the main room, and made her hold her ass spread for me
while I inserted a large, greased butt plug into her. It was tight, and she had
some trouble taking it, but I was finally able to force the flared plug past her
anal ring. I told her that I had two more that were bigger, and she would become
familiar with them, too. I strapped her to a St. Andrews cross on the wall, and
I bound her breasts with some soft, cotton rope; tightly, up against her chest.
She moaned as the pressure built in her bulging breasts.

   "Moans are okay, and screams are okay, but that is all I want to hear from
you." She looked at me pleadingly.

   "I told you not to look at me," I said. "That deserves another punishment,
Anna. That's two punishments already, and you just got here." She lowered her
head and whimpered. I fondled and squeezed her swollen breasts, pinching and
twisting her nipples until they protruded enough to get clothespins on them. I
put two more clothespins of each of her cunt lips, and tied them to her thighs
with string, splaying her open nicely. Then I circled her purple, bulging
breasts with more clothespins, ten on each one, then another ten down the soft
skin of each inner thigh. I picked up my riding crop and slapped a pin off of
her breast, and she screamed as the biting clamp was snapped off. Then one off
the other side, back and forth, methodically snapping them off with the tip of
the crop. Then her thighs, the pins leaving wicked, red marks where they had
been pinched to her flesh. She was blubbering and crying. I took the handle of
the crop and slid it through her splayed slit, back to front, causing her to
moan deeply, and I saw her moisten and her clit stand erect.

   I undressed and stood in front of her, the head of my erect cock pushing
directly at the center of her splayed slit, her soft, wet folds just barely
encircling my cock. I untied her breasts, and she screamed at the horrible pain
of blood flowing back into them, and I thrust my cock up into her, and she cried
out and orgasmed. I grabbed her tits and squeezed them hard, mauling them as I
held my cock fully up in her. I started to fuck her.

   "Cum, Anna," I said, and I felt her spasm on my cock and I ejaculated in her
hot cunt. I untied her and made her kneel with her head on the floor, her wrist
cuffs attached to her ankle cuffs, and a spreader bar between her legs. I could
see my cum oozing from her slit and I put a towel under her as the long strings
dripped from her. The butt plug  made a nice contrast to her red ass cheeks.

   I went in the kitchen and made myself some dinner, a nice steak, some rice
and gravy. I opened a bottle of good wine and drank about half of it. I scraped
some rice and gravy into a dog bowl and cut up the leftover steak into small
pieces. I carried the bowl out to her.

   "Lift your head," I told her. I put the bowl under her face.

   "You have three minutes to eat," I said. She took a tentative bite, then
began to eat ravenously, her face smashed down in the food..

   "This is what you are," I told her. "A dog, meant to serve at your Master's
feet and do his bidding. If you please me, I will feed you what I eat. If you
don't, you will eat dog food.  You will communicate with me in two ways, barking
and whining. One bark for yes, Master, two barks for no, Master. If you need to
piss, you will rub your head on my leg and whine. You will also whine and grovel
for my cock, or if I desire you for ass worship." I gave her a bowel of water
and watched her lap it up.

   I had a big doggie bed next to my recliner and I had her curl up in it, her
wrist cuffs attached to her collar and her ankle cuffs snapped together. I
watched TV and sipped my wine. I could lean over and reach her ass, and I would
occasionally tug on her butt plug or finger her slit, keeping her wet and
aroused. After an hour or so, I told her that I needed to piss and I helped her
up between my knees.

   "Take my cock in your mouth," I said, "and don't suck it, just hold it. I am
going to feed you this a little at a time, until you can hold it all down. I
don't want you puking on my carpet." I released a small amount of piss, and her
eyes widened, and she swallowed it, and she didn't gag.

   "Whine like a doggie if you can take more," I said. She whined and I refilled
her mouth, and she swallowed, and I saw her stomach heave.

   "Good doggie," I said, rubbing her head," that's enough for now." She
released my cock and rubbed my leg with her head, whining. I uncuffed her hands
and released her ankles. I put a leash on her and made her crawl to the back
door, and out onto the grass. She lifted her leg and pissed for a long time. I
loved the sight of the piss streaming out of her, the plug still firmly lodged
in her ass, and I led her back into the house.

   I had another doggie bed next to my bed, and I had her curl up in it. There
was an eye-bolt in the floor with a short piece of chain, and I padlocked it to
her collar, and attached her wrist cuffs to the collar as well. I grabbed the
base of the butt plug, and she moaned loudly as I pulled the big flair out of
her. She whined in appreciation. I covered her up with a blanket and got in my
bed. I was pleased; she did excellent for her first day.

   Her whining woke me up in the morning, and I led her outside to piss. Then
into the bathroom and onto the enema table.

   "On your back," I told her. I tied her knees back, exposing her ass and slit.
She whimpered as the deflated bulb went in, and moaned as I  inflated the bulbs.
I gave her the first two bags quickly, then again refilled it. I didn't let the
water flow just yet. I picked up a short, stiff leather spanker and began to
work her inner thighs with it, working up to her slit and back down until she
was glowing red and crying. Then I fingered her slit, and she was wet and
steaming hot. Then I rubbed her excited clitoris, and when she orgasmed I
released the water, and she cried out, thrusting her hips at my finger while she
came again, her guts filling with three quarts of water. When I deflated the
bulbs, her water started to gush out, but I was ready with her butt plug and
forced it into her, stopping the flow. I cleaned her off and made her crawl to
the main room, her guts sloshing.

   I got her kneeling upright, and she looked pregnant with the load of liquid
in her guts. She would wince occasionally, and I knew she was very
uncomfortable. I put my cock in her mouth and slowly fed her mouthfuls of piss,
and she moaned between swallows, her mind completely engrossed with her need to
release the enema. She took my whole bladder, a mouthful at a time. I attached
her cuffs to her collar and paddled her. Her beautiful, tight ass had recovered
completely from her paddling the day before, and I laid the paddle on her hot
and fast while she knelt there, her colon and intestines bulging full of enema
water, and her belly full of my hot piss. I put my cock in her mouth again.

   "Suck," I said. She sucked, her body wracked with sobs. I held her pretty
face in my hands and pumped into her mouth, face-fucking her, holding my cock in
her throat, shutting off her air while I ejaculated down her throat.

   "Good doggie," I told her. "This is what you are for," I said, as she knelt
there, panting, her belly swollen, her ass glowing red. "To be filled with water
and piss if it pleases me, to be whipped if it pleases me, and to take cocks and
cum into your holes. You're a cum dump and a whore, Anna, do you understand?"
She barked once

   I got her back into the bathroom and up on the table on her hands and knees.
When I pulled the plug she exploded, and her guts convulsed over and over, and
it took ten minutes for her to completely drain. I stood her in the shower, and
shampooed her hair and soaped her entire body, inspecting her as I went. She had
bruises on her breasts and thighs where the clothespins had been, and a red ass,
but that was all. I ran a razor over her crotch and inspected her ass crack for
hairs, and I plucked the few that I found.

   Back in the living room I re-inserted her butt plug and tied her over the
spanking horse. I hung weighted clamps from her nipples and labia, stretching
them downwards. I flogged her back, raising a series of welts, but I was careful
not to break the skin, but she still screamed. I strapped a harness around her
waist and fastened a large, vibrating dildo to it, shoving it up her cunt and
tightening the harness, holding it tightly up in her. I pulled her clamped and
weighted labia to the sides, straddling the harness strap. I turned the vibrator
on, and I used a riding crop on the backs of her legs and her paddled ass. I
knew it was a matter of time before the vibrator made her cum, and when she
tensed and cried out, I gave her two vicious cuts to her ass while she orgasmed.

   I turned the vibrator off and untied her, and made her crawl to her doggie
bowl, the plugs still in her, the weights still attached. The strap of the
harness was directly up the middle of her slit, and her weighted labia bulged
around the strap, and the weights banged together as she crawled. I cuffed her
hands behind her back and scooped some cold oatmeal into the bowl. The weights
hanging from her nipples clanged against the bowl as she ate and drank. I asked
her if she had to piss and she whined, so I led her outside. I unbuckled the
harness and pulled the dildo from her cunt. I made her hold it in her mouth as
she lifted her leg to pee, and the clamps and weights held her cunt lips open
delightfully. We stayed outside in the grass. I took the dildo from her mouth,
but left the butt plug in and the weights and clamps on. I made her suck me,
slobbering on my cock for about 20 minutes.

   "Are you ready to clean my ass?" I asked her. She raised her head long enough
to bark once. I stood and turned around and she did her best to get her tongue
into my hole. I held my cheeks apart to give her better access, her tongue
licking and slurping at my ass.

   "On your back," I told her, and she managed to get down, laying on her cuffed
hands. I squatted over her mouth, and now she could get her tongue into my hole
nicely. She actually started to moan, worming her tongue deeply into me. I
called her an ass-licking slut, and I rocked back and forth, smearing my
spit-slickened asshole across her face and mouth. When I stopped moving, her
tongue went back to work. I kept her at it for an hour or so. I got her on her
knees and cuffed her hands in front of her so she could support herself, and I
pushed her down onto all fours, slowly pulling the plug from her ass. I strolled
into the house for some lubricant. I stood in front of her, greasing my cock.

   "Are you an ass-fucking whore, Anna?" I asked. She barked and I smiled,
taking up position behind her. I grabbed the weights dangling from her nipples
and pulled them back towards me, stretching her nipples taut and causing her to
gasp. Her ass and back were hot, and I could feel the heat rising from her as I
put my cock to her well-lubricated and stretched hole. I sank into her ass
slowly, relishing the hot, greased tightness. Even after having the butt plug in
her she was very tight. I gave her a long, thorough ass-fucking, crouched on my
haunches as I fucked deep into her, pulling on her nipple clamps.

   I didn't play with her cunt. I didn't want her cum, I wanted her to feel like
an ass-fucked slut, a tight greasy hole for a man's cock to shoot it's sperm
into. She moaned as I pushed deeply into her, my balls pressing against her hot,
paddled ass. I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her tightly to me, my cum
spurting deep in her guts.

   "This is why you'll be enemaed every day, slut. To prepare you to take cocks
in your ass." She barked. I pulled out of her and reinserted the butt plug.  I
knelt in front of her.

   "Anytime a man pulls his cock from your whore body, you are to clean it." She
opened her mouth and I inserted my half-erect cock, and she sucked and licked
the grease and slime until I was clean. She crawled back into the house and I
removed her clamps and weights, and had her lay on the whipping table on her
back. I pulled her knees back and spread them, securing them to the table. I
picked up the crop and saw the fear in her eyes. I started just under her belly
button, stinging snaps of the crop across her lower belly, and another series a
little lower, just above her slit.. Then directly alongside her slit, hard snaps
that caused her to scream.

   "You know where the next ones are going, don't you?" I asked. Her mouth moved
and I thought she was going to speak. "Not a word," I warned her, "or we start
over. Do you understand?" She gave a weak, pathetic bark, and I brought the crop
down directly in the center of her slit. I saw her eyes roll back in her head as
the insane pain registered, and I hit her again. She was blubbering now,
straining against her bonds, and I gave her the third cut, her labia beginning
to swell now. I let her rest for a moment, then stood next to her head, stroking
her slit with the crop.

   "I want to give you one more, Anna," I said to her. I fingered her wet cunt
and I toyed with her until her clit was protruding from the top of the slit.
"One more, right here, " I said, rubbing her clit. I bent down and kissed her
mouth and she responded hungrily, sucking and moaning on my mouth.

   "But I want you to want it, Anna, and if you do, I want you to bark." Tears
welled up in her eyes, and she closed them tight.

   "Arf," she said in a barely audible voice, bracing for the blow.

   "That was a pathetic bark, Anna," I said. "Try it again."

   "Aaarf," she wailed.

   "Not good enough," I told her.

   "AAARF,"  she screamed, and I brought the crop down hard on her clit. She
tensed and her mouth went into a silent 'O', and she raised her ass off the
table.

   "Cum, Anna, " I said, and I watched her cunt spasm, and she frantically tried
to move her hips, and she orgasmed, her cunt now wet, the lips swollen and red.

   "It is so delicious to see a woman cum from having her cunt cropped," I told
her. "You have just taken a big step toward your future life". I could see that
she was on the verge of another orgasm, and her clit was throbbing and red.
"Would you like another?" I asked her. She barked and I snapped the crop down
again and watched, transfixed as she orgasmed again. I was a little worked up
myself, so I got up on the table and knelt between her thighs, my cock erect.
Her beaten cunt and clit were so sensitive that just a touch from my cock made
her cry out. I forced my cock past her swollen labia and into her wet cunt, and
she was in an almost constant state of orgasm while I fucked her. I pulled out
before I came and shot my cum up on her belly and tits, just for fun. I made her
clean me, then I left her tied up.

   "You truly are a whore, Anna, and a pain slut, too. Being able to cum from
being beaten is a gift, and it will definitely make your beatings more enjoyable
for you. I see many orgasms in your future." I smiled at her, and she looked
terrified.

   "I think I'll go write your husband and give him a progress report. You're
approaching the end of your second day, and I think your progress is excellent."
I went and got my digital camera and snapped a few shots to send to her husband.

   That evening I let her eat without being restrained in any way, although she
still wore the cuffs. Her slit was so swollen that she had a hard time crawling,
but I still made her crawl outside to piss.

   When I pulled the plug out of her ass that night, she whined and rubbed her
cheek on my hand. I told her that she would get a bigger plug tomorrow.

   By the end of the first week we had almost settled into a routine. Enemas in
the morning followed by ass stretching, piss drinking and ass cleaning. The rest
of the day I spent torturing her, needles in her tits and labia, tit paddling,
ass whipping, and usually a crop to her clit to make her cum. On Saturday night
I let her have a glass of wine, sitting on the floor, unfettered.

   "Congratulations," I told her. "You have made it through the first week.
Starting tomorrow, we pick up the pace a little." I could see her eyes cloud
over in dismay. "All of the things we are doing now we will continue to do, with
one exception...you will not be tied. You will do them willingly and without
hesitation. And, there will be other men." She was silent. "Do you understand?"
She barked and I put her to bed.

   It was a joy to see her take her enemas and her whippings without being tied.
I loved to make her hold her cunt lips open for her daily crop to the clit, and
she could orgasm quickly now, usually on the first blow.

   I brought various friends in during the next week, and I watched for any
signs of hesitation on her part as she took these men in her mouth, cunt or ass.
I saw none. She dropped on her knees if they wished to whip her, and held her
cunt or ass spread for the crop, no matter who was wielding it. I finally got
the largest butt plug into her, and she was now a very comfortable ass-fuck, and
my friends and I delighted in thrusting in her ass during, or just after, a pain
induced orgasm.

   I finally wrote to her husband and told him she was ready. Just before his
arrival, I whipped Anna, as severe a whipping as she'd had at my hands. I wanted
to send her home with my marks on her. I had a friend over and we double-fucked
her so her husband could find semen in her holes. She drank the piss from both
of us, and she was ready to go home.

   When her husband arrived, I draped the cape over her naked, welted body and
put her in her husband's care. As she was walking out the door, I asked her,

   "Would you care to come back and visit sometime, Anna?" She looked me right
in the eyes and smiled.

   "Arf," she barked.

   I settled down with a glass of wine and congratulated myself on a job well
done.



                                              End...Training His Wife     




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





