BDSM Library - The Meeting




The Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Master and sub meet for the first time, exploring all the aspects of being together.
The Meeting

Standing in the airport, she shifts from one foot to the next, not sure if he
will be the next one out of the terminal or not. Watching as all the people
leave, and there is no more, she frowns, and turns away. Her blue eyes losing
the sparkle that was within them, as she wipes the auburn strand off her face,
her shoulders almost slump forward, until she feels arms wrap around her waist..
warm breath on her ear as the voice whispers, "Hello Sexy". Her heart jumps as
she tries to take a deep breath..

"Is it you.. really?"

He chuckles and nods, turning her around "yes, baby.. its me"

Smiling brightly as she wraps her arms around his waist.. his still around her..
He leans down pressing his lips to hers, the warmth flowing through out her body
from just a simple kiss.. her lips parting for his seeking tongue. Slowly
sucking in his tongue as she presses her soft form to his, her fingers slide
lower to his ass, as the whole airport just disappears behind her. For the
moment its her and him, sharing their first kiss in person. He pulls away, still
holding her in his arms, smiling.

"Lets get my bag and get out of here"

Her heart jumps at the mere thought of him really being here and all she can do
is nod.. leading him to the baggage claim to get his bag. The walk out of the
airport, the sun warms her skin even more as she holds onto his hand, glowing
from just the kiss, her thoughts wander to what all the weekend has in store for
them.

Once in the car she glances over to him, drinking in his features. Everything
she has known online from the months that they have talked everything becoming
real to her. It was like falling in love all over again. He glances over to her
and whispers.

"Yes I am really here... " almost as if he could read her thoughts.

He places his right hand on her thigh as she let him drive her car, she moves
closer and covers his hand with her own.

"I never thought that it would be like this. " gasping softly as his hand
travels up under her skirt , the softness of his fingers the warmness as her
skin just tingles from the soft caress of his fingers.

He pulls into the hotel, turns and looks to her smiling as he leans in his
fingers brushing against her moistness as he runs his tongue over her lips
whispering softly,"I am going to tease and torment you.. make you want me even
more for the whole weekend and maybe give you what you want.."

She whimpers softly as he pulls away, watches as he gets out of the car. She
moans knowing that her whole body is on fire, slowly pushing the door open to
the car she slips out feeling the wetness between her legs just grow as her
nipples harden from anticipation. She takes his hand that he offers as he
unlocks the door to the room. Inside, she places her suitcase down, looking
around to the king-size bed and back to him. As he closes the door and locks it,
he turns to her wrapping his arms around her waist pulling her close sliding his
hands down her ass cupping her closer feeling her soft body against his as she
can feel his excitement pressed against her stomach, she glances up with soft
blue sparkling eyes as her own arms wrap around his waist.

"You want me don't you sexy.. You want to feel me inside of you"

Blushing she nods a bit as her eyes are locked on his, she almost whimpers as he
pushes her away from him, his voice soft but yet with that sternness to it,"then
strip for me.. and show me why I should take you"

Blinking she moves to the center of the hotel room, dark except for one lamp,
she hooks her fingers in her top pulling it over her head as her breasts bounce
within the soft confines of her bra, she tosses the top aside as her eyes are
totally on him. This is something she hasn't seen in him before, but she likes
it.. she has always told him of her fantasies, and he is making one of them true
for her. Her nipples harden within the cotton as she reaches behind her..
unhooking her bra.. letting it slide around her chest as the straps still hold
it in place, slowly to entice him she lowers on strap then another as she stands
there half naked in front of him. He nods in approval, his eyes raking over her
form with heat. He wants her, but he wants to make her work for it.

Her chest rising and falling with every soft breath that she takes, as she
pushes her skirt down her legs baring her sweet petals to his eyes, she lowers
her eyes to the floor feeling the heat of his gaze on her as it dips to her
smooth bare pussy. Feeling him move towards her, she holds her breath as she
feels his fingers slide under her chin lifting it up to meet his eyes, she sees
approval and soft lust in his eyes as his mouth claims hers for his. His other
hand wrapping in her hair tugging her head back as he savagely takes her lips
for his. A soft moan escapes from her lips as her fingers slide inside his
shirt, barely caressing his back, fingernails scraping along his spine as his
fingers travel down her back to her ass. He pulls away hearing her soft whimpers
and smiles a bit.

"ah my love, but we have all night long why rush things?" He chuckles a bit as
he sits in a chair leaving her standing there naked and wanton.. a nice blush
over her skin, he can smell the sweet essence of her as it drifts over him.

Whimpering she only nods and looks over his form, wondering how he can have such
control over her and hearing his chuckle only sends tingles over her already on
fire skin. Slowly she approaches him kneeling in front of him in all of her
beauty, blue eyes raking over him, only wanting him more as he looks down at her
running a finger over her chin. "My sweet lil slut wants something doesn't she?"

She merely nods and whispers,"yes, but I can wait.. I think.. "

He chuckles again "oh you think do you... " He picks her up and carries her over
to the bed setting her down so very gently as he walks over to his bag..."don't
move love" Her heart races as she has to wonder what is going on and what he is
doing. He has never shown this side to her before and it excites her, so she
lays back on the bed closing her eyes, she can feel him next to her.. his weight
on the bed. She opens an eye, and then suddenly she sees darkness as a blindfold
is placed over her . Whimpering softly she hears him whisper in her ear.. his
tongue flickering out over her ear.

"I am going to make you mine, and you are going to love it"

The darkness consumes her, taking her breath away as she feels his strong
fingers caress over her body, down her tummy over her hips not touching the one
spot that she wishes for him to touch. She whimpers softly as he tortures her
so. He can feel his hot breath on her toes, as he takes one in his mouth sucking
so gently, a soft gasp escapes from her lips as he twirls his tongue around her
sensitive skin making her whole body shudder in delight. Slowly his tongue
glides up her toe, up her leg nipping so very gently as he licks. Moaning she
shudders once more under his soft touch, he peeks his head up and smiles almost
chuckling as his baritone voice washes over her.

"what do you want my dear.. you must tell me"

Moaning softly as his mouth leaves her leg.. the loss of warmth there, she
whimpers again whispering,"to be yours totally.. do with me as you wish.. my
body belongs to you"

This time he does chuckle as that is what he wanted to hear as his fingers climb
up her shapely hips, thoughts of months of hearing her on the phone whimpering
just like she is now teases him as he brushes his fingers over her tummy and
climbs even higher. She moans once more writhing under his touch arching her
hips upwards as if she is begging for more, he can smell her sweet scent drift
up to him as his mouth reaches the inside of her thigh nipping so very gently at
the tender flesh enjoying th soft gasp and moan that she releases. His fingers
brush over her nipples finding them already hard for his touch and a smile once
more creeps over his face as he gently rolls her nipple between his fingers,
arching her back once more into his touch she moans even louder.. which turns
into a gasp when his tongue brushes over her slit up to her hard little nub. Her
heart beating.. racing from the slow torture, slowly she climbs higher and
higher with each touch as her breathing gets becomes heavier, the moistness
between her legs just grow so that his tongue gathers drinking in her sweet
taste. His tongue dives into her petals driving her hips to move upwards wanting
even more. He moans softly as she groans even louder containing himself to make
this last, he slides his tongue up over her clit once more sucking it into his
mouth nipping as she quivers under him. He can hear her soft moans and whimpers,
and begging for more, to let her cum. He lifts his head and smiles a bit.

"You may not cum just yet little one.. "

Chuckling as he hears her moan of pleasure as he lowers his head once more to
her thigh his fingers till on her nipples tugging and rolling making sure that
they are hard so very hard. There on her thigh he bites down none to gently as
he sucks in a piece of flesh. A scream erupts from her mouth as he does so..
marking her thigh of his love mark. He slowly moves upwards covering her body
with his, she can still feel the burning on her thigh from his mark.. she
whimpers not able to see him as he brushes his swollen manhood over her already
moist petals. So on the verge of releasing she holds still knowing that if she
were to cum without his express permission then all will be lost, he will get up
and leave her there until he deems it time to come back and start all over
again. His lips lower to hers she can smell and taste herself running her tongue
over his lips she moans again feeling the head of his cock slide into her, she
tightens her muscles around him as if she could keep him there only to be
rewarded with a moan of his own. Slowly so very slowly, he pulls back out of her
only to slam it deep within her folds. Her hips rise up to meet his sudden trust
with a cry of sweet torturous pleasure. He can feel her quivering under him as
he leans over and whispers..

"Cum for me pet.. Cum for me now"

Her eyes fly open only to follow his orders, her body responding to his, she
tightens up quivering with a growing scream as the cum dribbles out of her
pussy, he moans and slams into her like there is no tomorrow, almost growling
with need as he continues to ride her, with each thrust she is thrown higher and
higher into subspace, not able to slow her heart beating rapidly, nor the rate
with which she screams and cums. Pulling out of her sweet pussy knowing that her
cum has dribbled down her tight lil star, he pushes her hips upwards and slowly
slides his lubricated cock into her ass, only to hear her groan with pain.. then
the intense pleasure of his prick filling her tight ass. She rocks her hips
upwards only wanting more of him to fill her insides.. when she feels his
fingers dance over her clit once more, biting her lip. He growls with need as
his thrusts become faster and faster, harder slamming into her tightness, until
she is screaming and writhing with need and pleasure. He growls once more as he
leans down biting her shoulder as he squirts his hot liquid cum into her deep
bowels. Shivering and shaking under him she milks his cock of all of his cum,
her eyes closing with pleasure only to reopen as she feels him shift a bit
within her. He is smiling down to her, leaning over brushing his lips to hers
gently.

"You are so sweet pet and so lovely in the wake of passion. I cant wait until
you are mine for me to use in anyway that I will see fit"

whimpering ever so softly as she looks up into his eyes,"soon Sir.. so very
soon.. that i can promise you"

He shifts again and chuckles softly, "shall we get dressed so we can get a bite
to eat." Smiling as she nods slightly, then hearing her moan as he pulls out of
her, he reaches up and unties her, taking off the blindfold only to be lost in
her darkened orbs, he growls with need once more holding back the urge to turn
her over and take her once more.

"hurry up pet.. don't take a shower leave the scent of sex on you as we
eat....."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  azure^eyes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





