BDSM Library - Daddy




Daddy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She is born to it.1
I was born in one of the many breeding farms in the States, apparently
        my father and his family wanted a son so I was given to the slave orphanage.
        Growing up in an orphanage was hard at times but we were taught a lot
    and shown how to serve.   
We were woken up in the mornings before the sun came up, our diapers
      were taken off and we were run for 5 miles and told to do our vaginal and
      anal exercises. Then we were cleaned and brought to work in one of the
      many fields or farmhouses. At night we were taught the important things;
      Leather craft, sewing, speaking and how to walk in heels. We were encouraged
      to walk on our feet only for work, inside we always were led around on
      all fours. We were taught that we had no choices or will. The women who
      raised us were strict and nobody ever really went against them. The slaves
      that did went away and never came back. Some of my fellow slaves would
      be sold to families to be servants in some capacity but the lucky few of
      us that were whore-stock would be sold as untrained slaves on our 16   th   birthday.
      Whore-stock was rare. The Masters and Mistresses who would buy us had to
      be registered with the federal government to train new slaves, it was even
      rare for them to come across whore-stock. They were highly paid and well
      respected people in society and whatever money they made from selling us
      they got to split with the state, so needless to say they trained us well.    
It was the morning of my 16   th   birthday,
      the day I would be sold. I was taken to a large exam room and my diaper
      was taken off. I was bathed and made to wear the thick leather collar I
      had made in leather craft. Another diaper was put on along with a leash
      and I was led into a small wooden crate with air holes drilled into it
      and locked in. I was loaded onto the truck and driven to town.    
It was my first time off the grounds of the orphanage so I looked
      out of the holes in my crate in awe of the changing landscape. The truck
      stopped after about a half a day and the crate was unloaded and opened
      and I was led inside a large building and told that I was the only one
      today. There were four men and one woman watching me and others looked
      on as I was lifted onto a steel table and my diaper came off. I was cleaned
      off and told to raise my rump high. The four men and woman looked at all
      my holes and squeezed my tits, inspecting me and writing things down separately.
      I felt my cheeks get separated and I jumped slightly when my holes were
      touched lightly. Nothing was said.    
A clean diaper was put on me and then I was led out into the town
      square where it seemed like everyone in the town was there to watch the
      auction. I was held off to the side and watched as breeding slaves, servants
      and older whores were sold. I was last and when I was brought up there
      was a hush over the crowd. The four men and one woman were sitting in the
      front row and I realized they must be the Federal Masters. I was turned
      and talked about, as rare virgin whore-stock and the crowd seemed like
      they were in awe. The men were looking at me with lust and the women seemingly
      with hate as the bidding started. I was sold to a large handsome man for
      50,000 credits and I was put into the crate and loaded into the back of
      his truck.    
I looked out of one of the air holes as hours later we drove up
      to a huge farmhouse on what seemed like many acres. I watched as some of
      his servants carried me down into the cellar and opened the crate. I peaked
      out slowly and waited for instruction. The big man leaned down and looked
      at me and told me it was ok to come out. I crawled out tentatively and
      he pulled on my leash telling me it was ok and not to be scared. He asked
      me if I needed a diaper change and I instantly came out of the crate and
      lay on the floor on my back and raised my legs for him. He said, &quot;Good
      whore,&quot; and he changed my diaper and cleaned me up. He said, &quot;I'm
      your new Daddy, can you say Daddy, whore?&quot; He was rubbing cream into
      my holes as I nodded my head and said, &quot;Daddy.&quot; &quot;Good whore,&quot; he
      said, &quot;Daddy is going to show you how to go in the potty.&quot; I
      was confused but my new Daddy was so nice so I said, &quot;Ok Daddy,&quot; and
      I smiled. He continued rubbing the cream in and he sat back on his heels
      and just looked at me and said, &quot;You're a very pretty whore,&quot; and
      he reached down and rubbed my breast. I squeaked and said, &quot;That tickles
      Daddy and he pinched my nipple until I flinched. &quot;Do you like it,
      whore?&quot; he said. &quot;Yes Daddy, but it makes me feel like I have
      to pee, Daddy.&quot; &quot;That's because you're a whore and the only thing
      your good for, is to have your holes filled,&quot; as he put his finger
      slowly into my cunt hole and felt for my hymen. He smiled and said &quot;I
      think I need to fill your ass hole, whore, maybe I'll sell your cunt's
      virginity to the highest bidder.&quot; I didn't really understand him so
      I smiled and said, &quot;OK Daddy.&quot; He tickled my clit and said, &quot;The
      next time you have to pee you tell me ok, whore?&quot; &quot;Yes Daddy,&quot; I
      replied and he unhooked my leash and told me to follow him.    
I followed him upstairs to a huge modern kitchen with a large island
      counter in the middle of the room. There were pots hanging on a rack above
      the marble-topped island and all the appliances were steel. The back wall
      of the kitchen was all windows and French doors out to a deck leading to
      a pool. I could see a barn and a couple of buildings leading back to woods
      all around to the distance.    
He told me to hop up onto the island part of the counter onto my
      stomach with my legs dangling over the side. He smacked my ass and took
      my arms and placed them behind my back. He put a bowl of water under my
      face and said, &quot;It's time to feed that mouth hole of yours. Don't
      use your hands, whore,&quot; and I watched him prepare to cook as I lapped
      at the water. He chopped onions and garlic and made us an omelet. While
      it was cooking he said, &quot;Do you have to pee, whore?&quot; I said, &quot;No
      Daddy.&quot; He said, &quot;Good,&quot; and I saw him reach for the olive
      oil and I felt him pour some on my ass. He rubbed it into me and said, &quot;I'm
      going to enjoy this, whore.&quot; I smiled and said, &quot;OK Daddy,&quot; and
      he reached over and took a wooden spoon and inserted the long smooth handle
      into my ass hole. I squealed and moaned and he said, &quot;Keep drinking
      your water, whore. You shouldn't concern yourself with how I treat your
      holes.&quot; I took a deep breath and tried to ignore his probing but I
      was confused, it felt good and I didn't understand why. He was looking
      at me from different angles and he laughed and said, &quot;You are so brainless,&quot; as
      he slid his hands over my ass. He fucked my hole with the stick for a while
      and then washed his hands and put the omelet in front of my face and told
      me to eat. He sat at the table and ate properly as I stuck my face into
      the meal and devoured it like an animal. He laughed at me and told me I
      was a good whore.    
When he was done eating and he was satisfied that I had enough
      he told me to get down off the counter and clean up the dishes. He showed
      me how to scrape the food off and rinse them and put them into a machine.
      He sat back and watched me work with the spoon sticking out of my hole
      and the food all over my face. He showed me how to wipe down the counters
      and to put all the food away and he pulled at my nipples from behind me
      and told me to keep working. He watched me wipe the crumbs off of the counter
      into my hand and noticed some dropping on the floor. He grabbed my hands
      and head and pushed me to the ground and stuck my face onto the floor and
      leaned his knee into my back. He said firmly, &quot;You stupid little bitch.
      Lick it up, cunt,&quot; as he pushed my head down. I stuck my tongue out
      and licked the floor willingly. &quot;Do you want to please your Daddy,
      whore?&quot; He asked. &quot;Yes Daddy,&quot; I squeaked out and he got
      up and told me to scrub the crumbs off the floor as he slowly pushed the
      spoon deeper into my hole. He fucked me with it while I scrubbed and I
      felt that feeling again, like it felt good when he hurt me. &quot;You crave
      to be humiliated and used, don't you, whore?&quot; He said as I felt the
      long stick go deeper into my body.    
He asked me if I had to piss and I told him yes as he worked me
      upstairs into a lavish bathroom, steering me by the stick in my ass. He
      told me to hold it in and when we got there I saw a small child's chair
      in the corner. He told me to stop and then said, &quot;You sit on that
      potty and you relieve yourself, whore.&quot; He pulled the stick out fast
      and threw it in the garbage. He watched me relieve myself and laughed at
      me when I pissed. He said, &quot;Look at the whore, pissing for the first
      time in a little potty.&quot; It took me a long time and my legs were numb
      as he cleaned me off and turned on the bath. He scrubbed me while on my
      hands and knees and slowly cleaned my ass hole with his soapy finger. I
      got confused again and I decided to ask, &quot;Daddy?&quot; &quot;Yes,
      whore?&quot; He replied as I felt another finger fuck me. &quot;Why do
      I tingle when you touch me there?&quot; I asked, breathing heavy. &quot;Because,
      you are a whore and your sole duty in life is to be used. When you just
      breathe into it and take your abuse, you will feel release. Just breathe,
      never make a sound, whore.&quot; He answered and I breathed through his
      cleaning.    
He wrapped me up in a towel and carried me into a huge red bedroom.
      There was fabric everywhere and he laid me back onto the bed and spread
      my legs back. He left and came back with a diaper and a bottle of cream
      and he pulled open my pussy and poured the cream onto my open pussy. His
      hand went right to my clit and he rubbed the cream into me and I felt like
      I was sliding off the earth. I instantly grabbed my nipples and pinched
      them hard, holding them up and I let out a moan. He laughed and said, &quot;Maybe
      I should train you to be a cum whore. Yes, I am  &frac14;  I
      love it, a virgin cum whore!&quot; He stopped rubbing me and put my diaper
      on. He had me step into a harness that strapped all the way from my neck
      to my knees and he placed me on the bed so my head was down and my ass
      was up. He strapped me in to straps that had been attached to the mattress
      so I couldn't move. He hooked my arms comfortably by my sides and covered
      me with the blankets. &quot;I'm proud of your first day whore, but lets
      hope tomorrow is even better. Sleep.&quot;  
2 
The next morning I was woken up by the clicks of the hooks, unhooking
      the harness. I was told to stand and he took the harness off of me. He
      told me to get down and follow and I did. I crawled behind him and he said, &quot;Did
      you dirty your diaper, hole? Or did you behave and wait like a good hole?&quot; &quot;I
      was a good hole, Daddy,&quot; I replied and he laughed as he bent down
      and took the diaper off of me. He told me to sit on the potty and I did
      as he watched and told me what a good whore I was. He bathed me and put
      a collar and leash on my neck while I was on all fours. He held something
      up and explained that it was a small butt plug and that I just needed to
      breathe. He put cream on my ass and worked the plug in while I breathed
      through it. It wasn't that bad so I smiled when he asked if I was OK.    
He led me down to a beautiful living room and he posed me on all
      fours on a chair in the corner where he unhooked my leash. A servant brought
      him food as he read the paper and watched the TV news. The servant was
      instructed to feed me and I was told to get down and eat out of the bowls
      set on the floor in the corner. I ate sloppily and when I was done he wiped
      my face with a napkin and he grabbed my collar and posed me on the coffee
      table with my ass up. He sat behind me and told me to reach around and
      spread my ass cheeks and I obeyed quickly. I felt him turn the plug and
      he asked, &quot;How does it feel, hole?&quot; &quot;It feels good, Daddy,&quot; I
      answered. &quot;Good,&quot; He said and he pulled the plug out a little
      and shoved it back in. I breathed through it and got that tingling feeling
      again as he fucked my ass with the plug hard. I tried not to scream and
      moan with my true lustful feelings and he asked, &quot;I bet you want to
      cum, whore.&quot; I was breathing heavy and I asked, &quot;Cum, Daddy?&quot; &quot;That's
      right, I haven't explained cum,&quot; and he laughed. He told me not to
      worry about it for now and he kept fucking my ass as I heard a buzzing
      sound. He laughed and I felt him touch my clit with a vibrating ball and
      he told me to relax and let go. I shook and quivered as I let out a scream
      as I felt a quaking inside me, confused as to what it was. He rubbed my
      clit with the ball and shook the plug in my ass as I bucked and screamed
      and squirted all over his hand. He laughed as he wiped it on my ass and
      said, &quot;You like that, whore? That is cum,&quot; and he let me lick
      his hand and he continued, &quot;If you're a good girl and beg for it properly,
      I'll let you do that a lot, OK whore?&quot; &quot;Yes, Daddy I will beg
      you,&quot; I managed to get out as I recovered from the cum.    
He led me into the dining room and posed me on my knees on the
      table at the head, face down and covered with a cloth napkin, ass up. He
      hooked my leash around through my legs back up to my neck. The feel of
      the chain digging into the plug made me instantly drip. He looked at me
      and laughed and he left the room. Later, while one of the servants was
      setting two places at the other end of the table the doorbell rang. Another
      servant answered the door and I peaked a look at a very tall man wearing
      a dark hat and long cloak. The servant showed him into the dining room
      to wait for Daddy and she offered him a drink as she took his coat and
      hat. He asked for a bloody Mary and she went to retrieve it. I watched
      him wander into the room and come around behind me. He laughed and the
      girl came back with his drink. Daddy came in and asked, &quot;So are you
      hungry, Julian?&quot; They exchanged handshakes and greetings as another
      servant came in and served two salads at the table. The two men sat down
      and discussed the price of my virginal holes. They spoke of other business
      and some other prospects in the area, they seemed to ignore me as they
      ate. Bowls of food and water were set before me and I was told to eat by
      Daddy.    
The men ate and watched me eat with my filled ass high in the air.
      They were served another course as Daddy said, &quot;So you want her virgin
      hole, huh? You know that plug is the biggest thing that's been in the ass.&quot; &quot;I
      just want to help you work it open. I don't want the cunt, I just want
      that tight ass,&quot; Julian said as he ate his lunch. Daddy laughed, &quot;I'll
      let you work it for 20,000 credits.&quot; &quot;That's it? Sold.&quot; Julian
      said as they raised their glasses and took a drink. Daddy said, &quot;You're
      already making me money, whore,&quot; and I lifted my food-covered face,
      napkin and all and smiled, &quot;Thank you, Daddy.&quot; They laughed and
      Julian said, &quot;How big can I go?&quot; Daddy smiled and said, &quot;Let's
      see what's in my closet,&quot; and they got up and left the room.    
They came back and I was led to the living room where I was bent
      over a small-upholstered stool and my hands and feet were bound. Daddy
      told me that I was to be quiet during this training session and he put
      a ball gag in my mouth and hooked it so my head was kept up high. He turned
      the TV on right in front of me and put the porn channel on. He made me
      watch the breeding farms with slaves getting milked in the machines and
      always kept pregnant. I felt the plug come out and Daddy asked if I had
      to piss. I told him no and I felt cream get rubbed into my ass hole. I
      watched the screen: I saw the cheap whores getting fucked by huge animals
      in slave zoos as I felt something get pushed into my ass and it felt so
      good. I heard Daddy say, &quot;Just relax, whore,&quot; and I watched the
      federal whores getting fucked with bats at the pre-show at National Baseball
      games. He made me look at the slaves in the prison camps getting punished
      with federal examinations and medical testing as I felt my ass get stretched
      wide with the object. I wanted to cum but Daddy said no voice as I just
      breathed hard through the pushing. I watched the lowly freak farms. There
      they would make the slaves work the fields and then do the freak shows
      in town at night for food and water. He told me if I behaved I would always
      be taken care of and that's why he was training me. They both laughed as
      the object got worked in deep and just stayed there. I heard pictures snapping
      as I got used to the object and kept watching the other slaves.    
Daddy said, &quot;I want her at 10 X 3 by the weekend.&quot; &quot;You
      can do it, she's got 8X1 &frac12; in there now and it's a willing hole.
      Lets do it now,&quot; Julian replied. He held up a fat cock, he swung it
      in front of my face teasing me and I got scared at the size. I breathed
      hard and Daddy told me to relax and just be good. I felt the object come
      out of my ass slow and the next one starting to get worked in. This one
      went in easy because of my wet hole and I blocked out the TV and felt the
      giant cock in my ass. It felt so good and I tried to beg through the gag.
      Daddy laughed, &quot;I forgot about that whore-stock just loves the fat
      cock, it's been a while since I've trained one.&quot; Julian laughed, &quot;Its
      why I wanted this one, I like what you can put into them.&quot; Daddy laughed
      and said, &quot;Well you can use her ass anytime Julian.&quot; &quot;Thanks,
      he replied and I felt him finally pull it back out and shove it in hard.    
He fucked me with it hard and slow as Daddy just laughed at my
      slobbering mouth and said, &quot;If you want to cum then squeal like the
      pig you are, whore.&quot; I snorted and squealed as they laughed and Julian
      fucked my hole so hard. I felt my knees weak and shaking as I got pummeled
      and I begged for more. Daddy reached down and wrapped something around
      my leg then placed a ball on my clit and wrapped it around my other leg.
      I moaned and squealed as he turned the vibration on the ball. It was low
      and I needed more as I squealed and snorted louder and Julian just fucked
      me harder. I choked on the ball and they laughed as Daddy turned the ball
      up and I felt the whole cock get shoved in my ass. I screamed in ecstasy
      through the gag as I shook instantly and came so hard. It kept going and
      going as they kept fucking my ass and vibrating my clit. I begged for them
      to stop and I thought I would pee, as Julian wouldn't let up on fucking
      my ass hard. I snorted and squealed thinking that would let them know but
      it seemed to egg them on. This went on for hours as I was filled with more
      lube over and over and continuously milked to cum.    
When they finally got tired I was untied and told to reach around
      and pull the fat dildo out of my ass. I did and I held it as Daddy slowly
      undid the ball gag and he told me to wash the dildo in the sink and then
      to relieve my holes. He took my face and kissed my forehead and told me
      I was a good whore. I washed my shit off the dildo and then sat on the
      little potty and relieved both holes. When I was finally done I yelled
      for Daddy and he came in and wiped me and washed me off. He led me back
      out to the living room and he had me lie back on the bed with my feet back
      by my ears. He rubbed my cunt and ass with cream and he rubbed it into
      my ass hole. He told me what a good girl I had been today and he put a
      diaper on me and had me step into my harness. He hooked me in, ass up and
      said, &quot;Sleep.&quot;  
3   
He was so delicate but his words were so harsh as he told me he
      was going to put a diaper on me the next morning and I instantly lifted
      my legs for him. He was going to powder me and said that my holes were
      too dry and instead he grabbed for the cream and said, &quot;Your holes
      need to be worked well, whore. I'm going to make you crave it like a good
      little slut.&quot; He rubbed the cream into my holes slowly and it started
      to feel good. He put more on and he rubbed it into my clit and made me
      moan. I grabbed my knees and pulled them back for him, relaxed into the
      pleasure and said, &quot;Thank you Daddy.&quot; He grabbed my ankles and
      held them up and rubbed the cream into my clit. He rubbed it slow and hard
      and my body started to shake uncontrollably. He told me to reach down and
      spread my ass and I did. While he lifted me by my ankles, I slowly reached
      down and pulled my cheeks apart for him, as I felt my orgasm close. He
      stopped and wrapped my hands and tied them to the bed, he put a pillow
      over my face and said, &quot;I prefer the face hidden, whore.&quot; He
      poured more cream onto me and rubbed it into my swollen clit hard and fast
      making me shudder and said, &quot;Do you want to cum whore?&quot; &quot;Please,
      Daddy, let me cum?&quot; I moaned. He laughed and shoved some fingers into
      my slippery ass hole and fucked me hard as he rubbed my clit. I yelped
      and moaned and felt the orgasm work its way out of my body. I came so hard
      I squealed like a pig as he laughed at me and shoved his cock into my ass.
      He fucked me until he came inside it and then wrapped me into the diaper.
      He tied my arms up over my head and had me lie with my legs spread.    
He put porn on and I watched as he showed me all these pictures
      of men fucking their slaves with everything but the kitchen sink. He showed
      me the pictures of me on his new slave site. There was the one of my ass
      with the spoon sticking out and then another of my ass with the fat dildo
      in it. You can see that my legs were bound and there was a caption under
      it that read: Virgin Pussy Hole-50,000 credits, whore-stock, ass 20,000
      by 3-20-03 Dial Daddy. He was pleased. He was going to sell my holes and
      I was proud to be his, I knew I needed to please him. He said, &quot;I
      like showing you off, showing the world your training. I'm going to take
      these pictures of you throughout your training, and make some money with
      your whore holes.&quot; He kept showing me pictures of other slaves and
      their masters beating them and shoving them into holes in the ground and
      fucking them with sticks. He told me that I had better behave if I don't
      want pain. He said, &quot;If you just do what I say, I wont hurt you. Just
      be smart and listen.&quot;    
Much later I felt like I had to pee and Daddy told me to just go
      in the diaper. I did and I sat in it for a while until he came and changed
      me. He wiped me off and asked if I had to shit. I told him I did and he
      untied me and led me to the bathroom. He pointed to the little potty and
      I squatted over it and did my business as he watched me. He said, &quot;You're
      a dirty whore and I can't wait to see you getting your cherry popped.&quot; I
      finished and he had me bend over as he wiped me and told me to crawl out
      to the bed. I did and the whole way there he smacked my ass and told me
      I was getting too thin. He had me get on the bed in diaper position. He
      spread cream on my holes again, inside and out and told me that we were
      having a guest for dinner tonight. He dressed me in the diaper and a small
      girlie nightgown barely covering the diaper. He put my hair up in pigtails
      and told me to be a very good girl tonight and I wouldn't be punished.
      He grabbed my nipple and pinched it hard and said, &quot;You will behave
      tonight and answer every question correctly and do whatever is asked of
      you, aren't you whore?&quot; &quot;Yes Daddy,&quot; I answered.    
He took me downstairs and he put me in a playpen on all fours in
      an enormous living room. He put the Internet TV on and stopped on his favorite
      porn site. He made me watch as a woman was getting it in the ass, on the
      screen, by a fist. He went to the kitchen and I smelled food cooking and
      later the doorbell rang. I heard another male voice as they spoke in the
      kitchen and then came into the living room. They had wine glasses and Daddy
      said, &quot;Here she is, my little whore.&quot; The man laughed and said, &quot;Not
      even potty trained yet, I see. She's precious, I'd love to feed her.&quot; Daddy
      lifted me and carried me to the kitchen where he put me into a high chair
      and strapped me in. I watched as Daddy set the table and slide me next
      to the man who dipped his little finger into his wine and put it in my
      mouth. He said, &quot;Wine is good for little sluts, you like it, Whore?&quot; I
      shyly said, &quot;Yes,&quot; and Daddy told me to call him Uncle Ronnie. &quot;Yes
      Uncle Ronnie,&quot; I corrected and he gave me more wine on his finger.
      He rubbed it onto my lips and said, &quot;She's got a pretty mouth.&quot; Daddy
      laughed and said, &quot;Wait until you see her ass hole,&quot; and he served
      food onto their two plates. Uncle Ronnie fed me sloppily, blaming me for
      making myself a mess and Daddy kept laughing at how dirty I was.    
When they were done Daddy said, &quot;You can give her a bath while
      I clean up if you want, she's a fucking mess.&quot; Uncle Ronnie unstrapped
      me and carried me upstairs, tickling my tits. He carried me to the huge
      bedroom with my bed and put me down and told me to stay. He left the room
      and I heard him turn on the bath. He came back into the room with a washcloth
      and he wiped my face and hands. He took my diaper off and he pushed my
      legs back and looked at my holes. He laughed and said, &quot;Your Daddy
      was right, whore, your holes are all pretty.&quot; He stood me up and took
      the top off me and told me to follow him. He had me get into the tub on
      all fours and he scrubbed me down and tickled me everywhere. He kept making
      me giggle, he told me he likes to tickle and he dried me off and carried
      me back downstairs. Daddy was in the living room and I was told to crawl
      around on the carpet. They smoked and drank as they watched some porn and
      kept telling me how they were going to tickle my holes tonight.    
They were drunk by the time they picked me up and positioned me
      over the coffee table looking at the TV, while my ass was up and my legs
      were tucked under the couch. They spread my cheeks and I felt something
      wet getting rubbed in to my holes. Uncle Ronnie told me he wanted to tickle
      me inside and I felt his fingers spread my ass and enter it. Daddy told
      me that I could moan and I instantly did. I felt more fingers inside and
      he just kept pushing. I moaned louder and raised my ass high as they laughed
      and Daddy said, &quot;She knows her place.&quot; I felt the fingers come
      out of my ass and Daddy leave the room.    
Uncle Ronnie started fucking my hole again with his fingers and
      tickling my clit. Daddy came back with a big leather bag and plopped it
      down between them. I felt the fingers come out of me as I heard Uncle Ronnie
      gasp at the contents. I felt more lube get rubbed into me and then something
      smooth getting worked into my ass. I held on to the table and breathed
      steadily as I felt the thin object go in deep and slow. It felt good and
      I moaned lightly as they laughed and worked something else into my ass.
      It was bigger and it felt so good I moaned louder. This stretched me open
      more and it hurt as I held on to the table and squealed. They laughed as
      the thing got worked in deep and I took it all. I was going crazy; my hips
      started bucking as I was fucked hard and I was told to stop moving. Daddy
      asked, &quot;Do you want her tied Ron?&quot; He laughed and asked, &quot;Only
      if I can tie her.&quot; &quot;Its your money,&quot; Daddy answered and
      I was picked up and carried upstairs back to the huge bedroom. The things
      were still in my holes and my hands were tied above my head and Uncle Ronnie
      shoved me face up under the bed to my waist. He grabbed my legs and hooked
      them under the bed as well so I was a faceless set of holes for them. Daddy
      laughed and said, &quot; I like this position.&quot; Daddy told him to
      have fun and I think he left the room. He didn't say anything to me at
      all I just felt him fuck me with different things and made me cum over
      and over as he rubbed my clit hard and fucked me deep and steady. I felt
      him release on me many times and by the end of the night I was left there,
      filled with some toys, to sleep.  
4   
I woke the next morning cramped into the same position and the
      objects were finally coming out of me. I was released from the position
      and told to crawl to the bath. I got in and Daddy cleaned me inside and
      out. He told me I was a good girl and that I was going to be rewarded with
      a special treat. He dried me off and carried me back to bed and brought
      me a tray of food and told me to eat with my hands. It was delicious and
      I ate the whole thing very fast. He cleared the tray and took the covers
      off of me He looked at my holes and reached for the cream. He poured it
      over my cunt and spread my legs and rubbed it all into me. He rubbed it
      inside my holes and I moaned and threw my head back between the pillows
      and arched my back throwing my tits out. The pillows were over my face
      and Daddy said, &quot;That's it, whore, you keep your slut face covered,
      while I use your holes.&quot; His hateful words seemed to make me hotter
      as I felt the heat rise with my orgasm. I gripped the wooden bed as my
      body jerked and he laughed as he punched into my holes harder. I felt my
      body drain as I begged him to stop and he just kept rubbing my clit. I
      brought my hands down and put them on his and he stopped and said, &quot;I
      wasn't going to tie you today, whore. Are you going to make me tie you?&quot; I
      thought about his expert binds and I didn't say anything, I was confused. &quot;I'm
      confused, Daddy,&quot; I finally said. He laughed and said, &quot;You want
      me to tie you, it's ok whore, it just means your training is working.&quot; He
      took my hands and pulled me down off the bed and told me to follow on my
      hands and knees. He bent down and said, &quot;Tell me how bad you need
      me to play with you all day and night, whore?&quot;    
&quot;I need you to play with my holes, Daddy, they hurt and you
      make them feel better.&quot;    
&quot;Good, whore, now keep saying it,&quot; he said as he led
      me into an ornate office and he told me to bend over his desk. I noticed
      bolts in the floor as I said my mantra over and over. He bent down and
      cuffed my hands together and strapped them to a bolt, and he came around
      behind me. I'm glad you want to be tied, whore, maybe I'll be able to get
      some work done today.&quot; He put his keyboard on my ass and he told me
      to keep my ass high and he went to work on his computer. He kept putting
      me down and telling me that he had booked my hole up for the night and
      that he was going to have some fun. He told me that he needed new pictures
      and this photographer was going to help him out. He posted some new pictures,
      telling me that he was going to dress me up for tonight. He teased my hole
      with a pencil eraser for a while until he said, &quot;I'm bored slut, lets
      get your picture taken.&quot; He laughed and unhooked my hands and told
      me to follow him. He led me to the bathroom where he bathed my holes again
      and rubbed cream into my ass while I stood bent over grabbing my ankles.    
He patted my ass when he was done and he put a diaper on me. He
      dressed me in a short tight t-shirt dress with cute little white socks
      and sneakers. He redid my hair in the pigtails and told me to follow him.
      He led me downstairs where he put a big coat on me and put a hat on my
      head and carried me to the car. It was a dark cold night and he strapped
      me into the backseat and took me to a house far away. I had no idea where
      I was. It was very dark as we pulled up to a big house in the woods. Only
      a few lights were lit in the massive home and we went to the door and he
      had me ring the bell. A man Daddy called Uncle Martin answered the door
      and he smiled at me and told us to come in. Daddy took my coat and hat
      off and said, &quot;Show the nice man your belly, Jessie.&quot; I lifted
      my dress shyly and smiled at him and he just beamed, &quot;What a big girl
      you are Jessie, Do you want to show me more?&quot; He reached out his hand
      to mine. I smiled and took his hand and he took me into his studio. He
      told me to stand on the 'X' and show him, my belly again. I smiled and
      did it. I felt naughty and I took the dress off and squatted down and threw
      my head back and giggled. Daddy said, &quot;You're being such a good girl,&quot; as
      the camera clicked over and over catching every moment.    
Uncle Martin told me to take my diaper off and I lay down and raised
      my legs and Daddy laughed and said, &quot;She doesn't know how,&quot; and
      he came over and took it off. Martin told him to stay and play with my
      holes as he kept snapping pictures. Martin threw, a dildo, lube, a bottle,
      a candle and a can of whipped cream at Daddy and they laughed as Daddy
      spread my folds with his thumb played with my clit and said, &quot;Ever
      see a virgin pussy with a worked ass Martin?&quot; I kept my arms up and
      Martin put down the camera, as Daddy stretched my ass hole with some fingers.
      Martin bent down to tie my wrists together and said, &quot;Nice, maybe
      something really big in there then.&quot; Daddy laughed as Martin picked
      up the camera and got in close on my arms, moaning face, flushed tits and
      filled ass. Daddy held my legs back as I moaned and writhed for him. Martin
      said, &quot;We need to tie her more,&quot; and the look on his face was
      like a light turned on above his head. He grabbed Daddy and they left the
      room and I heard laughter and screaming as they ran around the house and
      came back with rope and other assorted tools.    
Daddy bound my legs at my knees so they were bent and my feet were
      tied around my hips. It was like I had no legs. Martin kept snapping pictures
      as I was carried upstairs to a bedroom with a low four-poster bed and set
      me on it. He tied my hands around my bound legs so I was like a wrapped
      ball. He laughed and rolled me onto my face and spread my holes wide. He
      said that I should be a good girl for Martin's brilliant picture idea,
      while the camera didn't stop snapping. I felt Daddy rub cream into my holes
      and work his fingers into my ass deep. I felt them come out and then his
      cock went in and he fucked me hard as I moaned and squealed. He came in
      my hole and I felt it drip as he picked me up and held me high above one
      of the large ball-ended posts on the bed. Martin laughed as he took more
      pictures. I was scared at the size as Daddy said, &quot;Beg for me to fill
      your whore ass, slut.&quot; &quot;Please Daddy, please fuck my empty ass,&quot; I
      begged. &quot;I didn't hear you, whore,&quot; he said as I felt the ball
      pressing on my wide-open empty hole.    
I felt him lower me, and the post slowly popped in as I held my
      breath and threw my head back and came instantly. &quot;This is going to
      make some great pictures, whore,&quot; he said as I closed my eyes and
      shook uncontrollably just hearing the camera clicking and feeling my ass
      spread-open, wide. I moaned and breathed silently as I lost all will and
      control, I felt the shaft in my ass, pressing deep into my body. I felt
      his hands let me go. I heard the camera snap the pictures. I heard his
      voice. I opened my eyes and threw my head forward, so I just looked like
      another ball on top of the post. I felt myself spin and slide onto the
      pole more. I heard laughter and the constant clicking. I felt Daddy lift
      me off and set me back down onto it, all the while, pictures. Martin said, &quot;Let
      me get the video,&quot; and he ran out of the room while Daddy impaled
      me and made me beg him for more. He let go and I just felt the room drift
      away as I heard Daddy sell me to the video, &quot;This ass with a virgin
      cunt hole, gentlemen, 50,000 dollars to fuck a whore.&quot; They both laughed
      as I drifted in and out of consciousness.    
I woke up bent over tied on all fours in a wooden box. I waited
      and waited and finally the box opened and Daddy smiled and said, &quot;Oh
      good, you're awake.&quot; He lifted me out and carried me outside to the
      patio. There was a big party going on and he threw me into the pool. I
      was tied and struggling to swim as I felt hands grab me and lift my face
      above the water. I felt fingers find my ass hole as I was carried to the
      edge of the pool and told by someone behind me to hold on. I grabbed the
      ladder and the man drove his cock into my ass and fucked my hole deep.
      I moaned and threw my head back to arch my back and he reached around my
      body and drove it deeper and I felt him cum. He lifted me and swam over
      to the shallow end and set me down. He smacked my ass and swam away.    
A woman swam over to me and looked at my mouth. She kissed me long
      and wet as I felt her hand, work its way behind me to my clit. She shoved
      her tongue into my mouth and pinched my clit hard. She rubbed it as she
      tickled my mouth with her dripping tongue. She licked my shoulder and kissed
      me again and laid down in the shallow water in front of my face and spread
      her legs open wide. She told me to lick her and I saw Daddy come over to
      me. He grabbed my head and shoved it into the woman's pussy. She moaned
      and writhed under me as I found her clit and sucked it hard. I felt hands
      spreading my cheeks and wetness as something was worked into my ass. I
      moaned into her cunt as she grabbed my head and held me sucking her clit
      like a cock. I felt the object push in all the way and start to fuck me
      hard and with long strokes. It made me crazy and I wanted to cum so bad.
      I sucked her until she came on my face and got up and fixed herself a drink.    
My ass kept getting reamed as another woman lied down in front
      of me and shoved her cunt into my face. I sucked her clit for cum as the
      strokes in my ass continued with no breaks. I moaned and tried to back
      into it and I got a smack on my ass. I made the second woman cum and looked
      behind me to see a man fucking me with a large dildo, it must have been
      10 inches long and 3&quot; wide. Daddy laughed and said, &quot;I love stretching
      her hole.&quot; The man agreed and pushed it in faster and faster and he
      reached down and pushed his fingers into my wet clit. I cried out and came
      so hard that I hid my head and Daddy laughed and told them how he had been
      hiding my head. They all laughed as I was pumped and drained and Daddy
      untied me and told me to swim.    
I swam around and the man that had fucked me with the dildo pulled
      me back onto him and guided my hips over his rock hard cock. He told me
      that whores make him the horniest and he sat my ass hole onto his cock.
      I instantly spread my legs for him and moaned like a good whore. He whispered
      into my ear that he wanted to buy my virgin cunt and show himself a good
      time. He told me that I had a good ass as he pumped his cum into me and
      let me go. I watched him go right to Daddy as this guy who was sitting
      on the edge of the pool told me to come to him. I did and he told me to
      lie back in the water and put my feet, spread over the edge of the pool.
      I did and as I floated there he explored my ass with his foot. He probed
      my ass hole with his big toe as Daddy walked over and told the man that
      I had been sold for the night and that I had to go now. The man took his
      toe out of me and I followed Daddy out of the pool and inside to the bathroom.    
He washed me in the shower and he said, &quot;You get to wear adult
      whore clothes tonight since you've been such a good girl.&quot; He dressed
      me in thigh high stockings and black high-heeled shoes. He put a short
      skirt on me that barely covered my ass and a corset, tied tight. He left
      the room and came back in with a brush and he did my hair in one ponytail
      on top of my head. He reached over and grabbed a hood and he just unzipped
      the eyes and mouth and he said, &quot;I like it when your slut face is
      kept covered whore.&quot; He fed my hair through the hole in the top and
      slid the hood over my head. He zipped it up and strapped the collar around
      my neck on the tight side. He handed me a leash and said, &quot;I want
      you to walk outside and find the man that told you he would buy you tonight.
      Call him Master when you find him and hand him your leash.&quot; I held
      my covered head high and realized what I had to do to please Daddy. He
      watched me as everyone did as I walked through the party by the pool and
      right up to the now dressed man who wanted me earlier. I got down on my
      knees in front of him and lifted my leash and put my head down in respect
      and said, &quot;I submit to you Master.&quot; I heard Daddy laugh and people
      clap as Master zipped the mouth shut and hooked the leash onto my collar
      and led me to his car. He lifted me into the trunk and told me to be a
      good girl.    
We drove for a long time and I was starving by the time we got
      to his house. He lifted me out of his car and led me by the leash on all
      fours into his basement. The walls were unfinished stone with all kinds
      of chairs with straps and torture devices and racks. There was a gynecological
      table and a rack against one wall with huge phalluses sticking out of it
      lined up in a row. There were all kinds of TV screens and cameras set up
      everywhere. The place was a mess and he looked down and he told me to call
      him Uncle Teddy. Ted looked at me longingly and told me he liked them dirtier
      and he reached down and grabbed my tit and squeezed my nipple. He said, &quot;I
      can't wait to fuck your new pink hole whore,&quot; and he squeezed my nipple
      hard until I squealed.    
He grabbed me by my collar and led me over to the gynecological
      table and he pushed me back. He put my legs into the stirrups and tied
      my knees back. He rubbed my holes with oil telling me to just relax into
      it and he fixed a camera on the tip of his fat cock and told me to stay
      still and watch the TV. I looked up and saw a close up of my open holes
      on the screen. He told me to relax and he opened a cabinet next to him
      and took out some things and put them out of my sight. He snapped gloves
      on his hands and he put lube on them and spread it all over my ass hole.
      He spread my cheeks and probed both of my holes playing with them as I
      realized he was getting my pussy wet. He fingered my ass hole as I watched
      it on the screen and it felt almost surreal to feel and see it in front
      of me at the same time and I started to get very hot. He told me that my
      pussy was amazingly wet and he kept probing my ass hole with his fingers
      and he slipped his thumbs into my ass and pulled out and stretched me.
      I yelped as he kept saying just be a good little girl and breathe through
      it. I screamed through the amazing feeling as he laughed and told me to
      be a good girl and I just whimpered and tried to breathe and be good. He
      pulled it open wide as I screamed and at one point he told me how much
      this video would make him. Tears were streaming down my face as I realized
      I was moaning more and more. He got into a rhythm with it and proceeded
      to stretch me open like that until I felt myself cum like nothing I had
      ever felt. I just started bucking and drooling and he kept doing it laughing
      at me and egging me on. &quot;Come on, good girl, cum for your Uncle Teddy,
      make your hole please your Uncle Teddy you little pig.&quot; I relaxed
      my body and he kept playing with me until I started to beg him to let me
      be and then he stopped and took his gloves off. He came around to look
      at me and asked, &quot;Do you think I'm anywhere near done&quot; and I
      shook my head and he laughed and told me he was going to pop my cherry
      now.    
He untied my legs and bent me over a table in the corner. He tied
      me so my ass was high and my legs were off the ground. I felt dizzy being
      bent in half and I felt him rub my clit. He told me it should hurt and
      he shoved a fat dildo in my ass and said, &quot;Get ready to feel the pop
      and he worked his cock into my pussy. He pulled my hair back as I screamed
      from the pain and made me watch the TV screen. He laughed and said watch
      this and he shoved his cock in and I watched and felt myself bleed. I cried
      and moaned as I felt the dildo get worked in from his hips pumping my cunt.
      I begged for him to stop and he kept laughing as he fucked me harder.    
He fucked my cunt for a long time and even after he came on me
      he wouldn't stop fucking it. He picked me up and bent me over the pool
      table and laughed as he pulled the dildo out of my ass and aimed the cameras
      at my holes. I saw that he was putting lube on something and then he held
      it up for me so I could see it in the screen. It was a pool cue and he
      poked at my ass with the bigger end. &quot;I'm going to fuck you so hard
      tonight your Daddy won't be able to fuck you for a week.&quot; He smacked
      my ass hard a couple of times and teased me with the cue. He said, &quot;Whore
      in the corner pocket.&quot; I saw him grab another cue and dip them both
      in the jar of lube and work them into my holes. I screamed as he fucked
      me hard and I watched myself getting it on the screen. I screamed and breathed
      hard and pulled against the binds as he laughed at me and just kept going.
      When I was dry he dipped them back in the lube and shoved them back in
      hard. It felt so good and I couldn't stop screaming and all he did was
      fuck me harder and laugh at me. He said, &quot; You look like a piece of
      meat, whore.&quot; He stopped fucking me. The sticks came out quick and
      he set up another camera and turned on another TV. In this shot I saw the
      full view of me with the cues leaning against the wall behind me. He reached
      into the cabinet and took out a fat long double dildo and held it up to
      the camera. I moaned and he told me to beg for it and he told me he was
      going to work me open for my Daddy and he dipped the dildos into the lube
      and held it up. &quot;Please Master use my holes more, please&quot; He
      laughed and spanked my ass a couple of times and pinched my nipple until
      I looked over and saw him start to work the obviously too big dildos into
      my holes. I was so exited to please him and he laughed and kept pushing
      until they popped into each hole. I screamed and begged to cum as I felt
      him rip me open and he just laughed and I watched as he push it harder
      until it was in to the hilt. I moaned and I realized they were locked in
      and he came over to my face. He climbed onto me and shoved his cock into
      my mouth and humped my face all the time filming, still shoving the cocks
      in and out of my holes. I opened my throat and took it all as I came over
      and over, seemingly drifting off out of body.  
5    
I woke up in my bed wrapped with rope from neck to ankles and my
      body ached with the massive fucking my holes had received. I lied there
      quietly thinking I had never been in this room and I didn't even hear Daddy
      until he said, &quot;If your good I'll let him play with you again.&quot; He
      rolled me over and I realized my holes were uncovered. I felt him rub cream
      into them as I lifted my hips and he drenched my holes. He told me it was
      nice to get to use my cunt as he worked the cream inside my holes and let
      me cum. He left and came back and rolled me back over. He fed me and told
      me that I had been very good and today was going to be fun. He untied me
      and bathed me and dressed me in a short girlie nightgown and gave me the
      bottle of cream to hold. I was led to a giant red bedroom with a sitting
      room on one side. The ceilings were high and the room itself was cozy yet
      at the same time menacing. I saw wooden hooks built into the huge wooden
      four-poster bed which also had giant carved phalluses sticking out of it
      in various places. There was a TV screen across from a huge chair and an
      ottoman. I was told to kneel and bend over the ottoman in front of the
      chair.    
I did and Daddy came in finally and sat behind me and said, &quot;We
      are going to watch your movie whore.&quot; He reached over and took the
      cream and rubbed my holes with it and put me on the screen from the night
      before. I was mortified as he laughed at me and I watched my cunt get popped
      then fucked with the pool cues and the double dildo. It just kept going
      I realized even after I was obviously passed out. Daddy was rubbing the
      cold, slippery cream inside my holes gently with his fingers and it felt
      so good as I watched myself getting fucked over and over by Ted. After
      the dildos he fucked my pussy hole with his cock again then my ass hole.
      He kept smacking me and getting my ass really red. After that he had poured
      olive oil on my holes and held up a fat wobbly sausage. Daddy laughed as
      we watched, on the screen, Ted fuck my cunt with the oil-slathered piece
      of meat. I was embarrased as I realized Daddy's fingers in my holes were
      getting me wet and he realized it too and he said, &quot;I love how you
      crave it now, whore.&quot; He told me to relax and that he was going to
      put a plug in my ass and I felt it enter me and he left me like that for
      the rest of the movie.    
Ted had fucked me with various objects all through the night including;
      the pool cues again, various other oddly shaped dildos and even made me
      cum (still passed out) when he was fucking my ass with a beer bottle and
      holding a vibrating ball on my clit. I saw myself shake uncontrollably
      watching my orgasm that I didn't feel and it got me even wetter and I clenched
      my legs together. Daddy saw me suffering and I watched as Ted wrapped me
      in the rope and threw me in the trunk and dropped me off at Daddy's doorstep.
      Daddy laughed and said, &quot;You made a good movie whore, lets see how
      many hits you got on your website.&quot; He flipped on the Internet TV
      and got to the page and I saw the pictures of me impaled on the bed-post.
      He said we needed to put the movie on here and he did and laughed at how
      many 'dates' I had this weekend. I smiled and said, &quot;Thank you Daddy,&quot; and
      he made me cum.    
&quot;I have a special treat for you, whore.&quot; He said as he
      smacked my ass. I found a man to pay a lot of money to buy you this weekend.
      He was very specific in his needs. He prefers whore-stock for their obvious
      need to be pummeled. I was confused and I wiggle my ass and said, &quot;Yes
      Daddy.&quot; He laughed and rubbed my head, &quot;I think you'll like it.
      He's a bit of a clean freak but that never hurt anybody. He wants a prisoner
      so it might be a little rough whore, but you'll be fine. I led me into
      the bathroom and pulled the plug out and had me wash it. I was told to
      empty my holes and then I got in the bath. He scrubbed me harder this time
      and fingered my holes well. I was dried and a large plug was locked into
      my ass. I was dressed in a white button down with a gray sweater. A short,
      gray skirt, knee-highs and shoes topped off the uniform, a red tie as the
      cherry on the cake. My arms were handcuffed behind my back and a hood was
      tied over my head. I was lifted and carried to a van and strapped into
      the seat with my legs spread. &quot;Just do as your told, and listen carefully.
      He'll try to trick you, he loves to punish,&quot; Daddy said as he drove
      the car for hours.    
We stopped and I was lifted out and put down and led by the neck
      through a gate and down into some kind of cellar.   
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Subher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





