BDSM Library - Taming of the Shrew




Taming of the Shrew
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ex-wife bought into line when I inherit a large ammount of money. Spanking, titty spanking, bondage, reluctant...
Taming of the Shrew

Simons' Revenge

Chapter 1

At last. Susan had always been in control of our relationship, after all, since
our split she had used the kids to extort from me what ever she needed. But this
time things would be different. For starters, her new boyfriend had left her,
and I had come into nearly 110,000 dollars, an almost inconceivable amount of
money for people like us. So I awaited her arrival with a plan growing in my
mind.

When she arrived, all smiles and hugs, I told her to sit down. I told her that
subject to a few conditions, I would give her 25,000 dollars to help her with
getting her life together. She wept, and hugged me, promising to do anything
that I thought was fair. Better and better. First, I commanded, she would have
to atone for her bad treatment of me in any way I saw fit. I saw her face change
a bit, no doubt she had expected and was prepared for me to demand some sex. She
smiled and ran her hand down my chest to my cock, licking her lips in that way
she knew drove me mad. I decided to let her go as she pulled off her top and
kneeled down in front of me. Undoing my jeans, she released my cock and began to
kiss and lick it, making sure to regularly make eye contact with me. She hadn't
lost her touch. Finally she slid her mouth over my cock, working it with her
tongue on the up strokes then throating me to my balls. My hand grabbed her by
the hair, but instead of pushing her down harder, I pulled her back. She looked
up with confusion in her eyes while I explained what I had in mind. It was quite
simple really. She would be my slave for the night, and would happily agree to
anything I commanded. Fuck me if she didn't seem turned on by the idea ! Well
she had no clue what it was I wanted. I decided to tell her. "Susan, I intend to
punish you for your behaviour these last two years. When I give you a command
tonight, any dissent will earn you twenty strokes of my hand on your naked ass.
I will be spanking you on your tits and thighs as well as your ass, and I will
be using restraints to hold you down." She looked suitably scared, but nodded
glumly. Perfect! "Now to begin. Get two pillows and place them halfway down my
bed. Then lie on your belly with the pillows under your waist so your butt
sticks up. HURRY !"

As she removed her jeans and lay on the bed, I took out the restraints I had
bought the previous day. One wrist, then the next, then her ankles to opposite
corners of the bed. My cock was so hard all I wanted to do was fuck her.
Patience I reminded myself. " Your first punishment will be fifty slaps on the
bare ass. You need warming up." She started to object, forgetting what I had
told her earlier. " That will be seventy slaps, do NOT argue again." This time
she was silent. "Much better, shall we begin ?" I moved over to the bed and slid
my hand all over her panties.

This was hotter than I had dreamed of. I pinched and squeezed her cheeks and the
top of her thighs, then took out my scissors and snipped the thin elastic sides,
revealing the white globes. " Get ready now babe, its time to redden up." I saw
the buttocks tighten in anticipation, and nearly blew my load. Raising my hand,
I bought it down on her right cheek. Slap! I saw the flesh wobble and three
distinct finger marks appear in pink. Slap, slap, slap. The second and third
made her squeal, and me nearly blow. I was gonna have to come first, or I
woudn't be able to concentrate. I rained about ten or twelve blows on her tender
rump which elicited several screams and then a burst of tears. "I tell you what,
If you blow me while I spank you, I'll go easy on how hard I hit." She mumbled
something through her tears, so I grabbed the long handled bat and moved up so
her mouth was available to my cock. I grabbed her hair with one hand and pulled
her mouth down on my raging hard-on. At the same time, I gave her a taste of the
bat, a blow that made a loud crack but wasn't too hard. I kept the blows coming
as I slid my cock in and out of her mouth, and far too soon later I blew a load
in her mouth. I looked down to see the tears streaming from her face, and my cum
dribbling from her mouth. Awesome. I never dreamed I would be so turned on by
this. I rubbed her head and told her what a great job she had done, and to her
credit, she gave me a smile.

Of course, I wasn't finished with her yet. I inspected her bottom, glowing a
lovely pink. As I ran my hands all over her flesh, she moaned. I slid my hands
between her legs to find find her soaking wet. I released her from her bonds and
turned her on her back. I reattached her leg bonds, and her left hand. "Now Sue,
I want you to bring yourself off with you free hand." She nodded. "While you do
this I will be giving your tits blows with this." I pulled out the flogger, and
her face went pale. "Begin!" She started to rub her pussy as I lifted the whip.
Slap. Her tits jiggled as she screamed "Ouch." Slap. Slap. Slap. She was crying
and begging now as I methodically whipped her titties, moving from one to the
other, hitting nipples, the sides and the undersides of those beautiful tits. I
coudn't help myself, I started to hit harder and harder, and it was obvious she
could not come while screaming so hard. I relented, and when she calmed down a
bit I told her that I was very impressed with how she had done so far. She
looked at my cock, and neither of us could believe that it was rock hard again
already. "Fuck me with that thing you bastard." WOW! I undid her ankles, spread
her legs, and plunged in. With my right hand I twisted her titty flesh and
squeezed her nipples, but instead of flinching, she started saying stuff like
"squeeze 'em harder, come on , twist my tits you prick." I came in a screaming
shudder. I looked at Susan, and couldn't resist a smile.

"Well babe, this is not what I expected."

" You should have taken charge of me years ago. How come you never mentioned
that you wanted to spank me."

"I guess I was too embarrased..... but I have always found the idea a real turn
on. But I'm gonna make up for it now. You will refer to me as 'Master' from now
on, and you will not speak or move without my direct permission." I walked
across to the table by the window and grabbed the small whip that was there. It
was about two feet long, much like a jockeys' whip, but at the end it had a
piece of leather about 3" long and 2" wide. After placing Susan on her back, I
slipped the pillows under her ass, then retied her ankles to the bed posts so
her legs were really spread. I gently ran the tip of the whip over her tits,
down her belly, then down to rub her pussy. She started to moan as I worked her
clit with the soft leather.

"Silence" I gave you no permission to make noises." With this I spun the whip
around and pushed the solid end between her cunt lips, gradually shoving more
and more of it in her hot hole. Faster and harder I fucked her with it, while I
rubbed her clit with my spare hand. She came in a noisy, gasping rush.

"Cumming without permission ? You must be taught to obey me girl."

I released her from her bonds, and firmly dragged her out to the shed. As soon
as I got her in there, I placed her wrists in the Velcro restraints hanging from
the exposed beam. I grabbed her by the hair and told her that if she thought
that I was going to be merciful, she was in for a rude shock.

She looked so hot, with her arms above her head, and a scared look on her face.
I had intended to use the riding crop on her thighs, belly and tits first, but
when I saw that her ass had begun to lose its redness, I decided to give her a
sound thrashing with the plywood table tennis bat. Then I would top it off with
six strokes of the cane. I showed her the paddle, then asked her how many
strokes she thought she should receive. She didn't know what to say. "Thirty? I
mean thirty please Master."

Heh, heh heh. "Only thirty ?"

"Please Master, if you don't give more than thirty I will please you whenever
you desire it. I will move back in with you and be obedient and I'll suck your
cock all the time and I'll even let you fuck me up the ass......Please Master,
I'll do anything."

"Yes Susan, you will do all those things. But I have decided to spank you with
this paddle for 10 minutes, to teach you not to try to get out of things by
using your femine wiles on me." I couldn't help laughing.

"Now, beg me to punish you. Tell me what a bad girl you are and how you deserve
to be thrashed."

Err, yes....Master ? I have been a wicked girl, trying to get my own way by
offering to suck your cock. I know now that I must give you any and all the sex
you want without conditions. Please give me a hard spanking Master, spank me
till I scream, then throw me on my back and fuck my mouth."

You have to hand it to her, she was bloody good.

"Very well Susan, your punishment begins now. Do not squirm or try to make me
miss, otherwise I shall cane you until the skin of your ass is striped like a
Tiger."

"Yes Master."

I moved around behind her, squeezing the globes of her ass. I lifted the paddle,
and bought it down on the left cheek as hard as I could. Immediately, the crack
of wood hitting flesh was drowned out by Susans scream. It must have really
hurt, the huge red mark looked very painful.

'CRACK'.....'CRACK'.....I gave her two more on the left cheek before starting on
the right. 'CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK. I gave her six as hard as I
possibly could. Already she was screaming louder than I would have believed
possible.

"STOP, OH GOD SIMON STOP....please, (whimper whimper) please...

Shit....I can't....please"

"Well, so far you have lasted about 45 seconds. How are you going to be after 10
minutes ?"

She could hardly talk she was crying so hard. "Simon, you have to stop...I'll do
anything.....please......take me inside again and tie me to the bed....spank me
with your hand...Shit, please...Do anything you want to me...but I can't take
this...please..."

"But Susan, you begged me to give you a HARD spanking, what can I do but carry
it out ? I tell you what. I find all this screaming most unpleasant. So here is
a deal. Either I give you the full 10 minutes of your punishment with a gag on,
or beg me to slap your tits, thighs, pussy, and ass for 1 minute each while you
count each blow. If you forget to count, or if you lose count, the one minute
begins again. Now choose. While you decide, I still have to give your left cheek
3 more strokes to even it out."

As I finished talking, I raised the paddle and delivered 3 fast, hard blows, my
cock nearly bursting at the seems. She screamed again and again as her cheeks
flattened beneath the blows, causing a scarlet glow that looked
fan-fucking-tastic.

"Master...Master...please..(gulp).....Please Master....please beat my titties
and my pussy....and my, um, my thighs......I'll be good...please, I beg Master,
punish my titties with the crop....."

"Very well Susan. I will begin with your tits in 14 seconds. Remember to count,
or we could be here for a long time."

As the second hand on the clock approached 12, I rubbed her nipples with the
crop as she flinched automaticly.

"It begins !"

I raised the whip and bought it down firmly on her left tit just above the
nipple. She yelled out, but remembered to turn her scream of pain into the word
" one ". I bought down the whip again, this time on the right breast . Another
scream with a strangled "TWO" . She was crying freely now, but it was obviously
not as painful as the paddle. I decided to hit the underside of her tits, that
lovely soft white flesh.....not white for long! While Susan whimpered , I
lowered my hand to my waist, then bought the whip up firmly so that the leather
tip hit squarely on the lovely skin of her right titty. She squealed again and
yelled out "THREE". "Whap..Whap..whap, I gave her right titty three hard ones in
the same place as Susan screamed uncontrolably. There was no way that she could
count, she was obviously in agony. I decided to just go ahead and give her boobs
a good flogging, and not to stop 'till I was ready. I worked the soft undersides
of her boobs mercilessly, ignoring her screams and watching the titty flesh
jiggle and turn bright red. Susan was thrashing around now, and so I gave her a
hard one centered right on her left nipple. A scream died in her throat and a
sort of low groan escaped her lips. She was starting to sag on her restraints,
she was obviously at the end of her tether. I stopped, and said to her "Susan.
SUSAN, listen to me. I will stop punishing your tits now if you beg me to give
you 2 more slaps to each nipple. She focused on me, and in a hoarse voice, said
" Please Master, no more...I can't.....

"SMACK !!!" I bought the whip down with all my strength on top of her titty, and
as she flinched and screamed, I repeated what I had just said. She tried to
speak clearly, but was having trouble getting the words out.

"Last chance, beg for it now or I will beat your titties for 5 more minutes."

"M..M....Master....p p please hit my nipples. I beg...I beg you to punish my
nipples....please....Simon....please stop for a while...your killing me."

"Simon ? Very well, since you begged sooo nicely, I will punish your nipples for
you. However, you will now get 3 on each nipple for calling me Simon." She
moaned in reply, so I raised the whip and "SLAP !", bought it down firmly on her
right nipple. Her whole titty wobbled and bobbed, as Susan let out a scream that
nearly curdled my blood. I decided to finish it quickly, so "SLAP" , "SLAP", her
boob jiggled as she moaned, and I immediately delivered 3 firm ones to her other
titty. She was too hoarse to scream now, but the sight of the flawless white
flesh turning deep red as her tits bobbed around was too much. Time for some
relief. For me that is. I released Susan from her bonds and helped her to the
house. She was crying and mumbling as I took her to the bedroom and layed her on
the bed. I went to the en suite and grabbed some oil, then went to the kitchen
and poured a glass of water. I gave Susan the drink, and she took it gratefully.
I stroked her hair and told her that I was so proud of her, that she had coped
better than I would have believed. I had expected her to give me heaps of shit
once she composed herself, she said something that floored me.

"Master ?"

"Yes Susan?"

"Have I made you happy? I have been a bad girl Master, thankyou for punishing
me. I'll try to do better for you from now on. If I suck your cock till its nice
and hard will you fuck me again ?"

"Of course Susan, but first I shall rub this tea-tree and almond oil into your
sore titties and your red ass." She lay face down on the bed with her legs
slightly spread as I poured some oil onto her crimson ass. She flinched as I
gently started to rub the oil over her beautiful red bottom. I kneaded the
mounds of flesh, letting my fingers slip between the crack of her ass, tickling
the little puckered opening as I used my right index finger to gently rub her
clit. She gave a little moan and opened her legs a little more. With perfect
timing, I slipped a finger into her pussy and a finger into her asshole at the
same time. She let out a very husky moan and rocked her hips to get more
penetration into both holes.

"I am going to turn you over and do your titties now, and once I have finished,
I will titty fuck you until I'm really hard, then fuck your asshole. "

"Yes Master, thankyou Master. After you fuck my ass, will you pull out and come
all over my face?

"You are an excellent slave, and your punishments are over for today. Tomorrow
though, I will punish your thighs and pussy. However, because you have been such
a brave little slave, I shall use the soft leather whip. Now turn over so I can
do your boobs." She rolled over, and I realised how hard I had hit her titties.
They were still bright red all over, so I lowered my head and started to kiss
them all over, paying special to her magnificent nipples. As they stiffened and
and swelled, my cock did the same. I poured some oil into my hands and began to
circle her superb breasts. I massaged the firm flesh and used my thumbs to work
the oil into her poor little bruised rosebuds. She whimpered a bit when I cupped
and squeezed the whole breast in my hands, so I used my right hand to rub her
hard clit. Faster and faster I rubbed, until she gasped and shuddered with a
powerful orgasm. She raised her head up, kissed my cheek, then looked me in the
eyes and said "will you fuck my titties now Master, they feel much better now."

I straddled her as she grabbed her tits in both hands, and slid my cock into the
warm, oily crevice she created. It was heaven. I started to fuck her boobs,
squeezing her nipples in time to my thrusts. As I looked down, I saw her tongue
flicking the head of my cock each time it appeared in front of her mouth. It was
far too much for my poor cock. I jumped off her and rolled her onto her belly.
She raised her hips to give me greater access to her asshole.

"Have you ever been fucked up the ass before," I asked ?

"No Master, but I have always dreamed of you sticking your hard cock in there.
Do it Master, buttfuck me now, PLEASE."

I slipped an oily finger slowly into the virgin hole, working it deeper and
deeper until I felt her muscles start to relax. I grabbed my cock, dripping with
pre-come, and pushed the head into her asshole. My God it was tight. I gradually
worked my way in, though it must have taken at least 2 minutes until I could
pull back and then slip all the way in. Susan was making some funny noises, part
pleasure, part pain, but all of a sudden she yelled at me to fuck her hard. I
grabbed her love handles and started to pound her like there was no tomorrow.
Before I knew it, I felt myself coming, so I pulled out, rolled her over, and
straddled her again. She grabbed my cock and started pumping, and in about 10
seconds I let out a yell and blew my load all over her face, neck and tits. It
was the most powerful feeling I had ever experienced, as I watched my new slave
rub my cum into her nipples, then lick her fingers clean.

We showered, went to bed and cuddled up.

"Master?"

Yes my beautiful slave?"

"Thankyou for my punishment. I hope your not going to be too gentle on my thighs
and pussy tomorrow. Or I might have to be a bad girl again. You need to be
strict with me. And with an impish smile, she kissed me and rolled over to
sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Simon Crowther


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





