BDSM Library - The Surrender of Annabelle




The Surrender of Annabelle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of a beautiful English woman, during the Voctorian times, who's passions had more control than reason over her and which eventually led her down a path from which there is no turning back, ever.
                                The Surrender of Annabelle

This is the story of a beautiful English woman, during the Victorian times,
who's passions had more control than reason over her and which eventually led
her down a path from which there is no turning back, ever.




Chapter one



The sailing vessel finally made it to the pier of the port of the island of
Zanzibar, to the immense relief of it's passengers. Among them was Annabelle, a
stunning beauty, even by today's standards. She was in her late twenties, and
shockingly unmarried for those times,

She was 5 ft 7 with the face of an angel, beautiful upturned French nose,
sensual pink pouting lips, high check bones, stunning light green eyes and long
thick wavy hair that was this rear mixture of light brown with red and blond
streaks and it reached down to her waist, but was now piled up under her hat.
Her body was perfection it's self, small delicate shoulders, with a narrow
ribcage and breasts that were larger than would fit someone so slim, they were
now held in the reinforced iron grip of the bra of that era, but when let free

they hang just slightly low on her chest, enough to make any man's mouth water
(and a few other things too), with her light pink delectable nipples needing the
slightest provocation to become hard. Her waist was slim but at the hips her
body expanded shaping in a large firm and beautifully curved ass, as though
sculptured, with big firm satin skinned cheeks. Her legs were what we call today
fashion legs, they were long and beautifully curved in the thigh and below the
knee ending in perfectly shaped feet.



She was arriving in Zanzibar to collect her thoughts and try to find for her own
sake some logical explanation of her behaviour with her French lover, she needed
the isolation this island would offer her.

She had been introduced to this tall French aristocrat two years ago, in the
hope of her relatives that she would get married but things took a different
course. The passions that burned inside her and which she tried hard to hide had
somehow been released in the hands of this man and finally finding it impossible
to resist her beauty, he had seduced her and although he had the reputation of a
powerful lover, he had been alarmed and humbled by her wantonness in bed, At
some time he had decided not to marry such an hot woman but to satisfy his kinky
desires he had wanted to be next to her while someone else was using her body,
so he started insinuating such a triangle but she rebuffed his attempts, until
one night when she had a glass of wine too much, they ended in his bed more by
force than her own free will and as his friend was mounting her with lust, he
would ask, lying  next to her, if she was enjoying it. At first she protested,
but as the night wore on, the feeling of being helpless and the dominance of her
lovers had taken over her senses and she had acted so passionately reaching to
orgasms that had left her drained. After that she felt so ashamed of herself and
wanted to break up with him, but could offer only meek resistance when it
happened again and again and again, until one day her lover had to leave on a
trip and she had found the chance to calm down and decided to collect her things
and travel to some secluded place to collect her thoughts and examine her
feelings.



Disembarking from the vessel and reaching her hotel had been an adventure in
it's self, but now she had reached her room and thankfully there was that huge
bathtub filled with hot water, she started undressing and when naked she slowly
immersed her body into the now so welcoming water. She was unaware that a pair
of eyes was watching her through a concealed hole in the wall facing her. As she
relaxed in the tub, her hands wandered over her body in a sensual way, images of
her fantasies flashing through her mind, slowly her left hand rested on her
pussy and her right covered one of her nipples " No I shouldn't play with myself
again" she thought, "I keep doing this a lot lately", but her long slim fingers
closed over her clit and nipples and soon she was moaning, lost inside her
secret fantasies.



-This woman is amazing, thought the person watching behind the wall, not only
she is unbelievably beautiful, she needs to be made what I want to turn her
into.

The person thinking these thoughts was a dark skinned woman in her late forties,
with a full heavy body, not fat but the kind of shape found in the east. She had
dark charcoal eyes and black hair cut just over her shoulders. She had a
straight and hard mouth, just as she was hard and ruthless and not a little bit
sadistic. She was short but with proportional legs and a flat belly.

Her spies at the port had always reported to her if there was any pretty woman
from the west disembarking, there was great demand in the east for such women by
lesbian queens and princesses to add to their harems, and they would pay
fortunes for them, but none had ever arrived as pretty as the one she was
watching, but she would not sell this one, she would keep her in her own private
harem on the far side of the island and she would earn her a large fortune. "It
got even better", she thought "she has arrived alone and does not seem to know
anyone here, I must now set up my trap for her".




Chapter two



It was evening now, and Annabelle was sitting in the first class lounge of the
hotel were young slaves were moving fans overhead to cool the room, she had
ventured outside for a while but it had been filthy and crowded and she thought
maybe it was a mistake to come here. Then a dark skinned lady dressed in the
local kuftan  approached her and said " Hello miss Annabelle, welcome to our
island" she was dressed in the way the affluent people dressed and had gold
rings on her fingers, "My name is Samia and I found out your name from the
British reident (a thoroughly corrupt man),  I am usually asked to chaperone
lonely ladies that arrive from England".

-Why that's so kind of you, said Annabelle, please sit down and tell me what
there is to see on this island.

-The best thing you could do is to allow me to invite you to my mansion on the
other side of the island and from where you can feel the fresh breeze of the
sea, listen to some local music and try some of the local delicacies.

-I would love to do this, you are so kind, when could we do this?

-Now, if you want, my carriage is out side and the evening is still young.

-Alright, let us then go.

Samia could not believe how easy this had been, once she got this beauty inside
her mansion, she would make sure she never left it again.

The ride was slow until they got out of the city, then the road twisted and
turned in the country side until they reached the far side on the island and
true to Samia's word a huge mansion, more like a castle stood at the edge of a
cliff below which was the sea.

They entered through large wooded doors and when the doors closed behind them
with a loud clang, Annabelle, felt shiver go through her, as though there was a
sense of finality came with that noise. They entered a very large sitting room
with large comfortable chairs and soon a pretty female servant with dark skin
like her mistress and large eyes, always looking down, came in and lit a small
burner next to Annabelle, then she threw some incense on the charcoal producing
a heavily scented blue smoke, then she left and reappeared with a tray of
Turkish coffee and some sweets.

-Take deep breaths of this incense young lady, it will make you relax somewhat,
it is the custom of our hospitality, said Samia.

Annabelle inhaled the smoke and truly after a while she felt light headed, the
Samia offered her a cup of coffee and when she had finished she offered her some
more, little did Annabelle know that both the smoke and the coffee were laced
with powerful aphrodisiacs.

After some time she felt herself getting hot and there was a warmness in her
loins uncalled for. As they talked and time passed she became increasingly
disorientated and now her pussy was running it's secretions freely.

-Is something wrong, sweet lady, Samia asked.

-Uhh, I feel sort of hot and dizzy, the victim answered.

-Why don't we go to my room and have you lie down for a while, maybe it's the
heat of the island that's effecting you.

She led her to the interior of the castle, into a huge bedroom with an equally
huge bed with high bedposts at it's corners.

Annabelle was now feeling so hot she had started to develop a light sweat on her
forehead and her pussy was now so active her under panties were soaking wet, she
was resisting an urge to play with herself again.

-Let me help you take your clothes off, young woman, you are burning up, and
Annabelle did not offer any resistance as Samia started undressing her. Whe she
was down to her under panties she tried to protest but Samia told her they were
both women so she shouldn't be shy. Finally she was completely naked and she lay
on the bed, but by now her senses were completely confused and did not notice
that Samia was also undressing. Then, through the haze of her mind she felt her
arms being lifted over her head and something was being tied to her wrists.

Uhh, what are you doing to me, she whispered through the haze she was in now.

-Nothing sweet lady, just making you ready, said Samia.

-Ready for what, Annabelle whispered again.

-You'll see soon, now just lay back and rest. And with those words spoken, Samia

finished tying the padded leather straps around Annabelle's wrists and then
tying the rings on the straps to hidden chains on each of the head bedposts. Now
Annabelle's arms were spread open over her head and firmly tied. Then Samia made
her move, she started feeling the victim's body enjoying the silk like texture
of her skin, the softness of her breasts and then brought her mouth over one of
the nipples which was now fully erect and sucked on it.Annabelle sighed and
offered a meek protest saying, "Ohh, what are you doing to me, we're both women,
you are touching me like a man.

-No honey, Samia said, no man can touch you like I will, and her mouth closed
over Annabelles mouth and kissed her deeply for a long time. Annabelle tried to
offer one more meek resistance but by now the aphrodisiacs she had consumed had
taken her over completely and she opened her mouth and returned the kiss. While
Samia was kissing her, she thought "This slut not only looks pretty, she tastes
nice too, I'm sure her pussy tastes like honey, and she started to move towards
the victim's pussy liking everything in her path until she reached her clit and
closed her mouth over it.

-Oooohhhhh, that feels so good Annabelle sighed and spread her legs more.

Samia moved from her pussy downwards licking the inside of her legs until she
reached her ankles, then removed from under her bed two more leather straps and
wrapped them around her victim's ankles and tightened them, then she started
licking her up to that delicious pussy and it took only a few more second of
sucking to bring Annabelle over the rim of one of the most powerful orgasms she
ever had, she threw her head back and cried.

-Ahhh, I'm cuming, uhhhh it's...it's so ahh strong, and with those words her
whole body convulsed in the spasms of ecstasy, and Samia licked up her juices
hungrily.

Whes the waves of her orgasm subsided, Samia kissed her on the mouth and said to
her, you are such a lovely woman, but you have many unfulfilled desires, and I
know what they are.

-Uhh, what are you saying, the helpless victim moaned.

-You need to be dominated, used and abused, to be treated like a slut, don't you
little lady?

-Nohhh, I.. I am not uhh .. like that, moaned Annabelle.

-We'll see soon, but remember you will get what you asked for.

Samia pulled from under the bed one more item, it was a ten inch long black
mahogany wooden penis replica, polished to a superb smoothness with straps at
the back which she started fitting on herself then she took from the table next
to her bed a jar filled with scented oil which was also an aphrodisiac and
dipped all of the wooden penis inside it.

She then got on the bad, put her hands behind her lover's knees and lifted her
legs up, over her head and spread them, then tied the straps on her ankles to
the same chains her wrists were tied, now Annabelle was bent double, her hands
and legs tied together and spread helplessly open for the enjoyment of Samia.
Her victim was now perfectly restrained and slowly this brought to the surface
her hidden fantasies, in which she was always the maiden in distress in a
strange land controlled by forces more powerful than hers. Slowly Samia brought
the penis to the entrance of her pussy and with a smooth push the penis started
sliding in.

Annabelle threw her head back and cried out," Ahhh, it's...it's too big stop".

But it kept sliding inside her deeper and deeper until it passed the limit of
anything she had had before and went much deeper.

-Ahhh, it's so....so big it's hurting me, it's too deep, take it out pleeeease.

But Samia was having none of this, she started moving in and out like a man and
the scented oil started burning all over inside Annabelle's tunnel making her
want to skewer herself on the cock to stop the delicious burning sensation.
Slowly her protests became moans of pleasure and Samia bent forward and between
kisses on her victim's mouth said to her.

-Isn't this much bigger , harder and better that any man offered you?

-Owww, yes but it's burning me.

-But you love it that way don't you my honey, and you want it to go deeper and
faster.

-Ahh, no.... yes.. uhh yes.

-Yes what.

-Yes please, Annabelle was starting her first lesson in humility.

-Tell me exactly what you want me to do to you or I will stop.

-Nooo, don't stop, please don't stop.

-Then tell me.

Annabelle was now going to use language that in all her upbringing had never
uttered and was considered the language of whores.

-I....I want you to uhhh fuck me.

-You want to get fucked slowly like a lady or hard like a slut.

-Nooo , not slowly, fuck me hard, fuck me like.. like uhh a slut.

So Samia started riding her harder and harder and her victim's passion grow
stronger and stronger and Annabelle felt herself being engulfed by an ecstasy
she had never known before, she was ready to say anything and do anything Samia
told her.

-Do you like being fucked like a common whore, you slut? the politeness now
leaving Samia's voice and her true self surfacing.

-Ohh, mmm, yes it feels good,she moaned.

-Do you feel like a whore now, you slut, does it feel good, her voice becoming
harder.

-Uhhh, yesss, yesss, I feel like a whore, and ....and it.. it feels soooo good.

-Do you want to feel this way all the time, feel like a whore?

-Yesss, it feels sooo good,... like a whore.

-So you would like to become a whore to feel this way all the time, slut, would
you like me to turn you into a whore, slut?

-Unnnngghh, Annabelle was ready to have an orgasm of amazing strength, yesss, do
anything you want with me, make..make me your whore, and with those words said
she was overcome by an orgasm shat shuddered and shook her body and then she
passed out in blissful unconsciousness




Chapter three



Annabelle started coming out of her deep sleep feeling strange, she slowly
realized that her arms were stretched over her head and tied by the wrists to
something above her, her body was immersed up to her breasts in a pool of warms
water up to her breasts with a light mist on it's surface, there was someone
else in the pool, another pretty dark featured girl and she was administering a
washing with a soft sponge over her body. The girl saw her wake up and spoke to
her in an unfamiliar language.

-Where am I, asked Annabelle, sleepily.

 But could not understand what the girl was saying, then she felt herself being
pulled upwards and more of her body exposed out of the water so the girl could
wash it. After a while she was raised some more and as the girl started washing
her pussy, she looked down and saw that all her pubic hair had been removed by
wax, she gathered as there was no trace of it whatsoever.

-You are being prepared for your first customer slut, she heard Samia say and
turned her head and saw her sitting in a comfortable armchair and the marble
edge of the pool.

-What customer, asked Annabelle, now slowly coming awake.

-Last night you asked me to make you one of my whores, so now you are one and
you are going to earn me good money, so we'll prepare you for your first visit
of the night, yes you have been sleeping all through the day.

-You can't make me your whore, I'm English.

-Yes that's what makes you so valuable, it is very difficult to find fair
skinned whores, but one as pretty as you is impossible, but now you belong to me
so you must accept the inevitable.

"What have I let myself into" thought the helpless victim, as she was now
lowered on the marble floor next to Samia, "nobody knows were I am, I could be
here for a long time and nobody will miss me".

-Is there no way we can find an arrangement so you can set me free? She asked
Samia.

-You don't yet see your position clearly, said the hard woman, you have no say
in anything, you have no rights, you are just a beautiful body, nothing else and
you will be used constantly.

Her arms were being lowered now and pulled behind her back were they were tied,
still protesting, a leather collar with diamond studs was placed around her
delicate neck and a long golden chain attached to a ring on the front of the
collar, then the girl took the chain and tagged on it for Annabelle to follow
her.

They entered a room of extraordinary luxury were there was a dressing table with
every sort of cosmetic article available at the time. In front of the table was
a large mirror, the girl sat Annabelle in front of the table and started combing
her hair, after a while Samia joined them and directed the girl how to make up
her new whore.For Annabelle all this seemed unreal, as though at some time she
would wake up and be far away from this place, but her mistress voice brought
her back to reality.

-The woman who paid to have you tonight is the wife of the Persian emissary,
mostly she wants to fuck you, but with a little twist, you'll see, she will have
you for two hours, then you will rest a bit and then the wife of an African king
will have you for another three hours, she is a nasty bitch, I don't think you
will be up to much after her, so I left the rest of the evening for you to
recover, now let's finish here, you first customer is already waiting.





Annabelle was made to look like a doll with very red lips and her nipples
powdered, she now walked behind her mistress, following the chain pulling her
and tried to remember the instructions her mistress had given her, they were
very simple, never look at anything but the floor in front of her, never speak
unless spoken to, and always obey without question,

Any thought of insubordination would be severely punished and if she entertained
thoughts of escape she would be thrown off the cliff into the sea, nobody should
ever know the real source of Samia's income. She would never wear any clothes
other than her bonds and she would always walk barefoot, as every part of the
mansion was heavily carpeted.

They entered the familiar large sitting room and a squat, heavy woman was
waiting for them. When she saw the whore Samia was leading with the chain, her
face became contorted with pure lust. She talked with the mistress in a language
Annabelle did not understand but the content was obvious, the heavy woman, in
her early fifties took the chain from Samia and started leading the poor slut
away, and Samia said to the whore,

" You will satisfy her in every way she wants or suffer the consequences".




Chapter four



The heavy woman led Annabelle in a large heavy furnished room, there she
undressed and

pushed her possession towards the bed and made her lie on it, then she started
kissing her breasts and feeling her body, " How will I ever go through this"
thought the poor victim, " she is so awful and so hairy", then the woman moved
down to her pussy and started eating it hungrily. Against her own will,
Annabelle's body begun one more time betraying her and she started feeling the
first stirrings of desire. The heavy woman was now also moaning and feeding
deliciously on Annabelle's pussy, kissing the inside of her thighs and then
licking her all the way down to her feet. Then after a while, she stopped and
turned the beautiful body on her stomach, licking her from the back of her neck,
slowly all the way down to her ass, then she put her chubby hands on Annabelle's
big ass and slowly spread the cheeks apart, looking hungrily at the virgin pink
anus. She brought her mouth over it and started liking it slowly. The helpless
beauty had never been paid attention to that part of her body and the sensations
at first were mixed but as time passed she felt herself aroused more than she
had while the woman was paying attention to her pussy, and she started moaning
softly.

After a short while, the heavy woman stopped her ministrations and grabbed a
handful of Annabelle's hair from behind her head and pulled her up, then walked
her over to a low heavily padded rectangular couch. She pushed her possession to
lie on it, then she came from the side and lifted from each side two wide straps
of a leather belt, brought them together over the small of  the beauty's back,
just above her big ass and tied them tightly together.

Then brought her arms together behind her back and tied them with some leather
straps to the same belt, then went behind her and put her hands on the inside of
Annabelle's thighs and pulled them wide apart and pushed them against the legs
of the couch and started to fasten the wide leather straps that were attached to
the legs of the couch. A strap went around each thigh just under her ass cheeks,
another went around each leg above the knee,

then her legs were bent and her ankles were fastened to the straps under her ass
cheeks.

The helpless beauty was now totally immobilized and felt helpless to stop the
heavy woman from doing anything she wanted to her, and in her present
predicament her desire to be submissive started once again surfacing making her
involuntarily quiver with anticipation.

Then the heavy woman dipped her fingers in a jar next to the couch, full of
liquid and started massaging the bound beauty's anus, slowly she inserted a
finger in and Annabelle cried out in protest, but the finger kept going in and
out lubricating the hole.

When the heavy woman was satisfied, she went to a small cupboard, opened it and
inside was a large selection of instruments, she selected a large wooden replica
of a penis, nicely polished and strapped it on herself , then walked back to the
bound girl and said something to her but was not understood. She then smeared
cream from the same jar over all of the wooden penis, and positioned herself
behind the bound woman. She grabbed the beautiful ass cheeks and spread them and
placed the head of the phallus squarely on the pink anus.

Annabelle understood then her intentions and started protesting, this was such a
forbidden act back home, it was utterly humiliating.

-No, not this way, she said, it's not right it's aaaaaggggggggghhhhhh, she
screamed as the phallus started entering her anus, " it huuuuurts, uhhhh, you're
killing meeee.

But the penis slid deeper and deeper inside her, tears of pain and humiliation
run down her cheeks and she felt the searing pain of the large intrusion opening
a new path inside her, she was so well restrained she couldn't move at all
,until she felt the heavy woman's belly press against her ass, the penis was now
all inside her. As she lay tightly bound, protesting and crying out, the woman
behind her leaned onto her and started kissing her ears and the back of her
neck, sometimes licking sometimes biting and now started puling out the intruder
and when it was half way out, she pushed it  hard back in.

-Uuuuuggghh, it huuuurts, the tightly bound beauty moaned.

But there would be no mercy, the heavy woman had paid a small fortune for her,
more so because she would be the first to enter Annabelle's virgin anus. The
sight of this amazing beauty bound tightly and helplessly at her mercy to enjoy
so much was exciting the woman and she started to sweat heavily and push the
penis harder and harder in the now deflowered anus.

Annabelle's cries and protests grew weaker as her anus begun to grow accustomed
to the large intrusion, and after some time she begun to feel an unfamiliar
stirring of pleasure in her nether area. " No" she thought to herself, "This
can't be happening, I can't be liking this" but her body had a mind of her own
and her arousal increased in this so unusual way.

Feeling once again the stirrings of passion that the combination of her bonds
and her submission and the rear intrusion were giving her, the first light waves
of an orgasm started building inside her.

The heavy woman was now fucking her in long hard strokes, her sweat dripping on
the back of this maddeningly beautiful slave, at that point Samia walked into
the room and stood next to the two women, and heard, in that unfamiliar language
how much the heavy woman was enjoying sodomizing the English whore, then Samia
kneeled next to annabelle's head and asked.

-You love what she's doing to you don't you?

Now Annabelle's passions were taking her over and replied.

-It hurts, but... it sort of...feels good.

Samia started caressing her whore's hair and said.

-You love being helpless and being used don't' you,slut?

-Uhh, you know me... so well, her orgasm building up.

-Shall I ask her to give it to you harder, slut , make her hurt you a bit?

-Uhhh....no..yes ...yes tell her.

Samia talked to the heavy woman who started giving it the poor girl so hard,
like a woman possessed, she now started slapping hard Annabelle's ass cheeks.
Annabelle cried out a few

times but then went back to her moaning, as the power of her orgasm was getting
out of control.

-It's fun being a whore, isn't it, you slut, it's what you wanted all along, I'm
I right?

-Yes, ohh....it feels so good what she's doing to me...

-Answer me, you slut, what are you?

The friction in her anus was not arousing her to heights unknown before, as she
replied.

-Ohh...I'm a ......a..whore, and with those words spoken she lifted her head
back and cried out as a massive orgasm swept over whole body, the heavy woman
sensed this and reached her own climax and fell on top of the bound girl,
smearing her with her sweat.

Gradually the phallus was pulled out of Annabelle's anus and she was released
from her bonds, when she was free and stood up, the heavy woman walked up to
her, grabbed a handful of her hair, pulled her face close to hers and kissed her
passionately on the mouth, then got dressed and left, Samia was now alone with
her new whore.

-You did better than I expected, I knew what you secretly wanted to be from the
first moment I saw you.

_Will I ever be allowed to be free? Asked humbly the English woman.

-No never, you can never go back now, firstly you know too much about me and
secondly deep inside you, you want to remain here a be my whore, I will prove it
to you tonight, now I must wash you and prepare you for your next customer.



Some time later when Annabelle was washed and made up again, she was taken to
the large sitting room to meet her next customer, she was still feeling a
burning sensation in her anus.



The woman waiting for her was fearsome, she was far taller than her completely
dark with huge white teeth and a burning hate for the English for taking over
her country. Not much was said, she led her to the lower part of the mansion
into what looked like a dungeon.

At the centre of this place was an enormous wooden structure like an X with
leather straps all over it. The tall woman placed the white whore at the bottom
of the structure and turned her to face her. Then she made her climb a high
stool and when on top, she spread her hands to press against the top V part of
the structure and tied leather straps to her wrists and arms. She then lifted
Annabelle's ankles, one at a time and tied them to the same straps as her
wrists, thus bending her completely double. Then she produced a strange looking
object like a ball with several straps around it and brought it close to her
victim's face, pushed the ball into her mouth and then pulled the straps around
each side of her nose, under each side of her chin and tied them all at the back
of her head, then stood back to admire her handiwork.

Annabelle was now suspended from her bonds doubled over and feeling so helpless
and exposed, her pussy and anus were like an open invitation and she could not
utter a word.

She saw the dark woman select from a hanger on the wall, a vicious looking whip
with several strips of leather and thought " Oh no, she's going to whip me, no".

The tall woman came back to the suspended whore, put her hands over her
stretched thighs and felt them all over, then her ass cheeks, smiled then moved
back a little, lifted her arm holding the whip and brought it down hard on the
white woman's buttocks.

-Uuuuummmmmmffffffff, Annabelle tried to scream through the gag, but not much
sound came through. She felt the sting of the leather straps burning her exposed
flesh.

-Uuuuuummmmmmfffffff, she screamed again and again as the blows started coming
down harder and harder, and started moving up to the back of each of her legs
and down again and when she thought she could take no more, the dark woman
released her ankles, brought her legs down, spread them and tied the ankles
again to the ends of the lower V of the structure. Then she picked up the whip
and resumed her whipping starting from the feet and moving to her thighs, her
belly and her breasts, she whipped the breasts quite thoroughly.

Tears were streaming down Annabelle's face thinking "This is impossible, I can't
take much more of this", but it went on for a long time. When the tall woman was
satisfied she had given enough to this white English whore, she untied and
brought her down from the structure, deriving immense pleasure from the welts
that now covered that lovely white body.

 She then took her to a high rectangular stool, spread her legs and pushed them
against the legs of the stool were she tied them to straps provided there, then
she pulled Annabelle backwards bending her and painfully stretching her over the
stool and tying her hand to the other two wooden legs. She now had the white
slut bent backwards, almost in a circle her wrists tied close to her feet low to
the ground and her belly stretched high in the air.

 She left for a while and came back with some nasty looking metal objects, came
close to were Annabelle's head hung close to the floor, covered each of her
nipple with her mouth and instantly they became erect, then fitted on each one a
metal clamp each of which had two small protrusions for stiffening them, took
the protrusions and clamped them shut.

-Uuuuuummmffffff, Annabelle screamed into her gag as she felt searing pain shoot
though her large breasts, but did not have much time to dwell on her breast's
discomfort, as another metal clamp closed shut on her clitoris, more pain
exploding between her legs. Every time pain shot through her body and she
squirmed, it stretched her belly and made the position she was restrained more
difficult, and the metal clips kept being closed shut all around her body, the
inside of her thighs, her lower belly, around her breasts, the inside of her
arms every ware. But slowly and unbelievable and not a little bit shocked she
discovered that there was that tingling again in her loins and she anticipated
with some excitement were the next clip would close.

"What is happening to me", she thought, " am I going insane, I' beginning to
enjoy this perverted experience".

When all the clips were used up, the dark woman kneeled between the bound
woman's legs and started feeding from her pussy, with a hunger that was almost
painful. Annabelle's arousal started increasing and as her tormentor's mouth
glued itself  between her thighs, she rumbled in an overwhelming orgasm.

She was then untied and the clips removed, leaving little nasty bruises all over
her body

and taken to another apparatus, this one had ropes hanging from heavy wooden
beams from a structure under the ceiling, her wrists were again tied and by the
use of pulleys were lifted high then her ankles were tied and a length of wood
was placed between them to keep them far apart, were pulled backwards, leaving
the floor and lifted high, she was now suspended in the air at then lowered a
little to be at the height of the dark woman's waist.

As her breasts hung downwards, something hard was being fitted on them, two
pieces of flat wood with a screw through them on each side and one in the
middle, the screws were then tightened until the two wooden planks squeezed her
breasts, and when they were firmly in their grip, her legs were lowered to the
floor and the two ends of the wood keeping them apart were tied to ropes on the
floor. Then the screws begun being slowly tightened and she felt her breasts
being flattened, her discomfort turned to pain, and then to agony.

-Uuuuummmmmfffffff, cried into the gag the poor whore, but still tighter the
screws went until she thought her breasts would simply burst. But their agony
would take a new twist.

Her tormentor stopped tightening the screws and took one of the candles that lit
the room, brought it close to Annabelle's nipples, tipped it over and let the
hot wax drop on them.

-Uuuuummmmfffff, she screamed again in the gag, as she felt the burning
sensation on her nipples, but surprisingly the wax cooled quickly and stopped
burning, then more was dripped and the same thing happened, now wax was dripped
on her shoulders, her belly, her ass , her legs and feet but the sharp short 
burning sensation it offered aroused her more than any other torture and her
pussy started getting moist again.

When the dark woman was pleased that her captive was covered in wax, she untied
her and took her to the same stool she was previously bound. Only this time she
made her bent over on her stomach and tied her securely again. Then she brought
the candle again and let it drip on the white whore's ass then in the crack of
her ass and after letting the candle burn for a while to accumulate a lot of
liquid wax, she pried open with two fingers the ass cheeks and let it all drop
on the girl's anus, then squeezed the ass cheeks together. Annabelle saw stars
from the sensation, this time the sharp burning was so sudden and strong that
she couldn't scream, only gasp.

Finally as her time was coming to an end, the tall woman strapped on herself  a
wooden penis, much larger than the woman before her had and came in front of
Annabelle, removed the gag from her mouth and pushed the phallus in making her
suck it. This was not a new experience for the helpless English girl, as her
French lover, now so long ago, had often made her suck his penis and she had
enjoyed doing it. So she licked and sucked on the thing, her arousal now on a
high wave, but abruptly it was pulled out of her mouth. Then the dark woman went
behind her bound slut, opened the cheeks of her ass and forcefully pushed the
phallus in Annabelle's anus making her scream from the sudden pain of the much
bigger now intrusion. She started riding her hard with an almost fanatical
passion to break this English slut and make her beg for mercy, but to her
amazement, after some time she saw and felt her moan in wanton pleasure and soon
she was crying out as she was overcome what must have been a massive orgasm.

She unstrapped the phallus from her body and left it inside Annabelle as she
left the room fuming with anger at not having beaten this slut.

Thus ended Annabelle's first day as a whore.




Chapter five





It was now late evening and Annabelle had been taken care of, and washed and had

been brought to the very large bedroom of her mistress who was sitting on a
comfortable couch  and in front of her was a tea table with a letter on it.

Annabelle was standing naked in front of her with her hands tied up behind her
and heard her mistress speak.

-You have now felt what it's like being a whore, and from what I saw today, my
lovely English slut, you enjoyed everything that was done to you. Tonight you
will share my bed and I will love you slowly and tenderly, as although I thought
this would never happen, I have fallen in love with you. Therefore I will give
you a choice, I have had a graphist draft a

letter, copying your own hand writing, saying to your family that you are fine
but hat you will be away for a long time. You have the choice of being free to
leave tonight and go back to your hotel and leave me forever, but if you decide
to sign this letter, then you are sealing your fate forever, you will work as a
whore only for a little while longer so you can experience everything a whore
needs to know, and then you will help me run this place and become my lover. The
choice is yours, now that you had your chance to live your most secret
fantasies, it's your decision were you go from here.



Annabelle's hands were untied from behind her and while she stood there, she
thought for a long time, sensually she looked at her mistress in the eyes, gave
her just a fleeting smile and signed the letter.









                                                            The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dimitri Perdikis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





