BDSM Library - A Good Team




A Good Team
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Patricia Johnson owns a company but slowly becomes owned herself by it.
				A good team

I'm the Boss

"Yes, I know Mr Anand "- said a very angry Miss Johnson - "I hired you 10 days
ago for us to become a team, for us to work hand in hand as different parts of
the same machine and not as till now as differnt machines, but that means not
here is no hierarchy" - she continued breathing heavily-"and I want you to know
that here I'm the Boss and you only are, you only were" - she corrected-"an
employee".

Mr. Anand, a small Indian doctorated in psychology and parapsychology, had'nt
stopped smiling all the time during her reprimand, not even when he heard he was
fired. Looking at her he saw a young, pretty and slim woman, probably natural
blond with good breasts, he liked what he saw.
Then slowly and calmly he started speaking with a surprisingly deep voice. "My
dear Miss Johnson" he said " I suppose you've gotten me wrong when this morning
I gave you a gentle pat on your behind ..." He continued speaking but something
was strange, it was as if Patricia was hearing his voice deep in her brain, her
anger gone and so were her own thoughts, when she just sat there and tried to
listen to his words.
"... you have to know the first barrier we've to demolish " he was saying " is
the touchability-tabu , you cannot expect us to work hand in hand as you said
without touching us" Then he stopped a moment to let
his words sink in. "Have you ever seen a real team on TV" - he asked her, and
without awaiting an answer he went on " how they hug and pat each other, how
close they seem? You want us to become a team ?"-he asked rhetorically -" but
you want to keep the distance, the individuality, the competitiveness.
"No sorry, you don't have to fire me" - he said standing up - "I quit myself
cause I feel I have'nt got enough confidence to be able to do a good job."

"No, no , sorry, Mr Anand" - answered Miss Johnson - "I just got upset of having
my backside touched like this in my own office, I did'nt really mean it when I
said all I said" - she went on in a very soft voice - "and I would ask you to
accept my apologies".

 She could'nt believe it. She was apologizing to him for not allowing him to
touch her butt, but she was doing it and she heard herself saying ".. from now
on I'll try to cooperate more with your guidance cause the enemies are out there
and we have to learn to stay together if we want to survive in this business"

The business Patricia Johnson meant was her invest company. With not more than
30 people they were moving more money than ten times bigger companies. At her 29
years and as a studied lawyer she knew perfectly that in this business
"information " is the keyword and that they have to share and cross their
informations to get more profit out of them. The problem was that nobody wanted
to share nothing in order to proof their own value. In short there worked 30
people but there was no team.

Lost in her own thoughts she only picked the last words "... so I propose you to
pass an internal letter to all the employees asking them to not keep in distance
between each other and explicitly with you. Ah, by the way,don't dress as if you
were afraid of being a woman" he finished still smiling.

When he left her office Patricia felt unease, what's wrong with her? Why now she
felt overdressed in her dark blue business suit with fine stripes? Did she
overreact when he patted her ass or was it sexual harassment? Her head still
heard his voice "...afraid of being a woman". Confused she went home.

The next day was uneventful till 5 in the afternoon when Mr. Anand came into her
office and very politly asked her to stand up, than complimented her shorter
skirt and sitting down said: " I see you are really trying to follow my
indications and so are our co-workers. Today, no please don't sit down -- he
interrupted himself - "I saw some of them telling jokes and feeling well getting
together" Patricia was feeling really stupid standing there behind her desk, not
knowing what to do with her hands and without enough courage to sit down. "why
-she thought - "am I standing here and why did I put on this short skirt I
had'nt worn for years".

"Here" - continued Mr. Anand - "I ve made a short list of things to improve in
order to become a team. You'll see that there are two parts, the first is
general and for everybody, but the second one is specifically designed for each
member of this company and that one is yours."

The List

To all our co-workers

As you know we are trying to become a team and I would ask you to follow these
rules. I know some of them may seem stupid to you, but nevertheless please
follow them:

1) Never drink your coffee alone, ask always an co-worker to come with you.
2) When coming or leaving greet each other by your given names.
3) Don't avoid personal contact such as hugs, pats on the shoulder, hand on hand
or arm, etc.
4) Make up meetings out of the office, know you better, meet your families, etc
5) When not meeting customers dress more invitingly.

To Patricia Johnson

1) Greet all your emloyees by their surnames but ask them to call you Patty
2) Thank them each morning for working for you
3) Offer yourself to be helpful in any way they may need
4) Ask them to not avoid physical contact with you, cause you are the teamleader
and you want to stay in close contact with each of the teammember.
5) Tell them that in order to democratize the office each monday we'll have a
meeting and that you will accept the resolutions voted by the majority (Except
the arguments concerning salary)

The truth was that all the employees got the same list and now knew perfectly
what to expect from her former so distant boss. They were getting together very
well and each one of the staffs male members and some of the female asked Mr.
Anand how to understand the "physical contact". Mr Anand explaind them eagerly
what to do:"Add your hands to your mouth" he explained "that means if you are
telling her how beautiful is her new hairstyle meanwhile take her hair in your
hands, if you compliment her blouse, touch it, etc" He avoided more specific
examples but knew that some of them would try to get a handful of her wonderful
bum or even more.

Patricia was sitting in her chair, behind her desk. It was seven in the
afternoon and she was alone in the office. On one side, she thought, I can see
how business is improving, the number of contracts and the amount of them are
raising, on the other side I don't know if Mr. Anand is the responsible for it.
Well , she decided, lets follow his rules for a fortnight I will survive
greeting my workers and if it is good for business...

Next monday everybody was greeted, thanked for working there, offered help and
asked not to keep on distance by a very embarrassed Patricia. When she was
telling the last of them all she should tell him, standing in front of his table
with the hands on it to avoid speakink too loud , from behind approached her
account manager and giving her a gentle slap on the ass he commented: "Patty
with a body like yours more than a teamleader you should become our cheerleader"
"A team needs a cheerleader" he joked. Patricia stiffened and paralized than
trying not to look to alarmed she went, no, flew, into her office.

What has happened? How is it possible that her till now so correct account
manager slapped her ass so openly? And why the hell is she so horny and why was
she coming along with all this.. Patricia Johnson with her 29 years was no
novice to sex.
It's true that dued to her frenetical work she has neglected her private life
and that she's not been with no man for more than 6 months now, but getting
aroused cause somebody slapped her ass was new to her. Normally she would get
angry and two weeks ago she would have fired Peter. But today she behaved more
like an office-bunny than like the boss she is. She knew she was not the only
woman in the office and decided to watch closely if they were suffering under
sexual harassment. With her they were six women.
Rebecca, 20 years, blonde at the reception. Megan, 33 years, latin beauty, long
black hair ,was the west coast Manager. Paola, 26, brunette, secretary. Frida,
29, german, her most close collaborator, lawyer like herself. They studied
together.. Dominica, 44 years, fat, Venezuelan, export manager for South
America, getting the best accounts, always.
What Miss Patricia Johnson could'nt know is that Mr Anand has started working
with all of them but has still not done, or better said, made them do, nothing
too unusual, only the dress suggestions got deeper.
The skirts were shorter, the heels higher and every compliment, welcome.

The first meeting

At ten in the morning everybody headed to the meetingroom for the first
democratic meeting to be held.When Miss Johnson entered the room she found
everybody standing up and waiting for her to sit down.The first ideas rose
slowly and the votes were quick made and things seemed to be OK when Mr Anand
spoke:" Patty, first of all allow me to compliment you . It is not easy submit
to changes, once in your position but you are doing really fine" He smiled at
her and she smiled back. "This morning" he went on "I saw Peter appraising
positivly your body and I think all of us agree, don't we" he asked his
co-workers " Patricia looked at him in disbelieve and as red as a tomato. How
could he raise such a subject now? But Mr Anand continued saying "Peter even
made a very interesting suggestion. Peter, please, could you tell us again your
idea?"
The account manager smiled and said: "Of course, I told Patty to become our
cheerleader cause she's got the stuff for it." He said loud and clear and added
" I suppose all of us would work harder and longer motivated in such a manner"
A general murmur of acceptance was heard in the room, only miss Johnson was
openly disagreeing, shocking her head from side to side. Than she rose and
spoke:" Ahh....I... cheerleader....I " but she was'nt able to disagree in public
even her soul was sceaming for it. She sat down and looked at Mr. Anand who
spoke for her. "Miss Johnson is moved by your kindness and I'm sure she accepts
her new role as a cheerleader without neglecting, of course, her role as
teamleader." So please can we have a brainstorming What do we expect from our
new pet...ty .. our new cheerleader.
After half an hour of hearing the most unimaginable things and close to tears
Patricia saw the final project wroten on the blackboard. She could'nt believe
why she did'nt object, why she had not dismissed all these people, why she was
so quiet as if accepting the final resolution without nothing to say. She is the
boss she screamed in her head, but only there.
Wroten on the blackboard and awaiting to be put to the vote were the following
ideas:

1) Patty should dress like a cheerleader
2) She should greet at the door all her co-workers in the morning.
3) She was expected to smile always
4) If she gets hugged, patted or kissed she should thank for it.
5) She sould come twice out of her office to parade in front of her employees
and ask them if she can help them in any matter.

The voting was soon made 26 voted yes 1 abstention and 1 vote against,
Patricia's; but democracy is democracy and the new regulations were approved.

Patricia was'nt able to move after the meeting. What had happend? How could it
come so far? She decided to stop this madness right now and leaving the meeting
room towards her office she asked Mr. Anand to come. When he came into her
office she was sitting at her desk but before she was able to say a single word,
still standing at the door he told her to come to the door and greet him
properly. She was about to reject but, not even knowing why, she went to the
door. Mr Anand was smiling when she greeted him and told him she was happy to
have him working there, then with his right hand he took her ass and with his
left hand her neck and kissed her on her mouth, squeezing her ass. He
interrupted the kiss to tell her she was expected to kiss back and than went on
fondling her ass while kissing her like a lover.

"Patty"he said to a totally astonished Patricia " I'm proud of you. The office
is working hard and I suppose you know we've got more business this week than
the month before" He sat down in front of her desk but still fondling her ass
which made her stand at his side. She did'nt know how to react. He has taken
such liberties with her body without denoting nothing strange that she was, once
more, confused. "Patricia why don't you go and by your new outfit? " I'm sure it
will make us work even harder".
Patricia, still standing beneath his chair and with his hand fondling her
buttocks just felt stupid. But OK it would be a relief to leave the office. So
she agreed and went shopping.

The week was a hell for her. On Tuesday she greeted all her staff standing at
the door in her new cheerleader outfit. All the men patted her ass or grabbed
her tits complimenting her, some of them kissed her and Peter even dared to pass
a finger in front over her panties, through her slit. It was wet. Then she did
her normal work without forgetting to parade twice in her office. She was asked
to serve coffee standing next to them in order to allow them to feel her up.

On Wednesday even the female members of the staff started touching her which was
more humiliating to her than anything else and their touch was intended not for
them to feel her up but for her to feel . The humiliation was that she did feel.
Dominica even kissed her on the mouth while fondling with one hand her ass and
with the other her tits.

On Thursday half of the members of her staff touched her pussy through her
panties not only at the door but when ever she was available. Twice she got a
reprimand for not thanking or not smiling while being touched and was asked to
train even outside the office in order to improve her lousy manners. Both times
she was ashamed of the bizarre situation but both times she got wet between her
shapely legs.

The shame she felt was even bigger than the anger, and the most horrible was
that she was getting aroused by all these public petting and was'nt able to hide
it away. She wondered, not that she was looking forward to it, but she wondered
if they would try to have sexual intercourse with her. This thought made her
even more horny cause she did't know if she would be able to stop them.

Friday she got a surprise when Frida came with her husband. Patricia knew Klaus
very well.
Before dating Frida he tried to make out with her, but she always rejected.
She kissed Patricia hard on her lips moving her hands all over her body and than
said to him:" Klaus erinnerst du dich an Patricia, meine damalige Freundin und
jetzige Chefin. Wir erziehen Sie zur Zeit zur Sexpuppe" Patricia did'nt
understand a single word but looking at Klaus she could guess what he had been
told. Then she encouraged Klaus to greet Patty, what he did with enthusiasm. He
frenchkissed Patricia holding her with his left arm meanwhile his right hand
fondled first her pussy over her slip but than slipped his hand into it and
massaged her sex directly.

Patricia felt like a doll in his hands she was too horny and too ashamed to move
and she knew that all her staff had seen this blatantly exposure of her new
status.

The second meeting

As unbelievable as it seems the first twenty minutes of the meeting were about
business. You see people care about their monthly income, and Patricia even
forgot she was dressed as a cheerleader with brillant red knee-high boots and
gloves and that she had undergone a heavy petting in the morning which brought
her close to orgasm.
But finally the main subject was discussed. Mr Anand asked her to stand up for
all to look at her and get inspired and again he asked for a brainstorming. He
asked his co-workers to think who to keep their motivation high, what they need
to come eagerly to the office, cause he added there is nothing Patricia would
not do for her business. Patricia thought otherwise but was incapable of
expressing it.

During the brainstorming Patricia was asked to take off her panties and then
lift her dress standing against the wall in front of the meeting table for all
of them to see her, once again wet, pussy.
She felt she had been stripped of her dignity too, and that was even worse than
showing her cunt to her whole office.
The picture was unbeatable. The boss a, now for sure, true blond, pretty and
absolutely embarrassed woman dressed like a wet dream standing there with her
feet slightly apart and lifting her hem for all to see her well trimmed cunt.
Peter stood up and went over to Patricia were he started fondling her most
private parts in front of everybody. Than he said: "I think from now on our
Patty should stay in the office without undergarment cause it motivates me a lot
to stick a finger or two into my boss's cunt whilst working" He illustrated his
words by slowly fingerfucking her..
The motivation ideas surpassed the most optimistics estimations of possible
number of ideas to get out of a brainstorming, but finally the new ideas were
wroten on the blackboard.

1) Patty will not be allowed to wear undergarments, not even outside the office.
2) When talking to an employe she has to stand with her feet apart, hands behind
her back and the mouth slightly open.
3) Her first assignment now is to keep her staff motivated other duties will be
done by Peter
4) In order to keep the people amused and motivated she can be tied up, lashed,
collared, gagged, ringed, pierced and, of course, fucked by anyone at any time
and wherever they want.

Patricia still showing her cunt was frenetically searching a way out of this,
but in her actual state of mind she found none.
They approved the vote without asking her and went out of the room touching
Patricia's exposed sex by the way.
Than Peter told her to come with him to her desk, to go under it and to blow
him. She was about to fight back but a hard slap on her naked ass was enough to
cut all her protests.
So she went, under her own desk and started giving a blowjob to one of her
employees.
He had got a short but fat dick, and she had not only mentally problems to get
it into her mouth. Then she worked on it meanwhile he was doing paperwork or
even phoning customers without paying too much atention to her, just petting her
hair in order to guide her. When Peter asked Rebecca to come into HIS office she
stopped sucking and wanted to hide but Peter slapped her face and pulled her by
the hair again over his cock. Rebecca entered the room and you could see her
clothing had changed a lot. She wore a tight black miniskirt, high heels, and a
see-through blouse with a minimalist bra under it. Peter told her to approach
the table on his side to show her something and when she did she could see a
crying, horny Patricia on her spread knees sucking a fat dick. Peter's right
foot was bare and he was teasing her cunt with it. As Rebecca looked at the
highly erotic picture of her Boss Peter fondled her ass with his left hand and
told her to buy a dog collar and a lash for the office pet. "No, better you buy
3 or 4 cause I'm sure we'll need them soon for you and some of your colleagues.
Don't you think so? " He asked Rebecca letting one of his fingers slip under her
panties and into her cunt. Rebecca did'nt move, just blushed and nodded.

Patty's new life

Tuesday was the most horrible day in Patricia's life. Standing at the door in
her cheerleader outfit with nothing underneath she felt exposed and vulnerable,
but knowing what was going to happen was even worse. When the first colleagues
arrived she was heavely patted, kissed, looked at and discussed.


It will continue ...




Patty's new life

Tuesday was the most horrible day in Patricia's life. Standing at the door in
her cheerleader outfit with nothing underneath she felt exposed and vulnerable,
but knowing what was going to happen was even worse. When the first colleagues
arrived she was submitted an heavy petting, kissed, looked at and discussed.

Then without even asking her they decided to fuck her. She was bent down and
Andy took out his fucktool as he called it and without more preambles he started
to fuck vigorously her very moist cunt. Marco decided to try the other end and
forced Miss Patricia Johnson to blow him. They were having a great time, more
co-workers arrived and all of them cheered and applauded. When Andy and Marco
finished two more men took their place. Patricia couldn't believe what was
happening to her. She was being fucked in her own office in front of her staff
and without even asking for her agreement. And she knew they could not only see
or touch her most private parts but feel free to use them. Some people were
taking pictures. Mr. Anand was also there enjoying the scene with his left hand
groping Paola's ass in front of him and his right hand fondling Rebecca's cunt,
standing close behind him. If the women cared they did not show. 

One hour later a totally debased Patricia was allowed to wash herself and to
tidy herself up. The office started its normal schedule. When Patricia came out
of the rest rooms she didn't really know what to do.
Peter was sitting in her, no, his office and doing what till last week was her
job. He looked up and seeing her he smiled, then he went on working. She went
into the main room, people looked at her and continued working, than she saw
Dominica near the photocopier. With a gentle nod she was told to come. The first
Dominica did was to slap her face for not assuming the right posture. "Venga,
Puta, comportate como lo que eres" and then in English "Open your slutty mouth,
put your feet apart, hands behind" shouted Dominica. Patricia went red. Then
Dominica looking her into her eyes slowly started fingering her slit. "Patty, I
think you should ask Peter to put a dog collar on you. I think it suits you" she
said slowly fingerfucking her in midst of the office. Patricia was absolutely
ashamed of being toyed with like this in her office and by another woman.
Dominica than frenchkissed her and increasing the rhythm of her finger brought
Patricia to an orgasm, then she dismissed her.

When Patricia came out of Peter's office she wore her new dog collar, and only
her new dog collar cause her cheerleader outfit was gone. There she was in her
full naked glory in front of more than 20 dressed people. The whole morning she
was ordered around, touched, fucked and forced to give blowjobs. In the
afternoon Peter decided she should walk on all fours, suggestion immediately
welcomed by the team. During lunchtime he had bought kneepads which he ordered
her to put on, then on her fours he tied her ankles to her thighs, clipped a
lead on her collar and demonstratively walked her around. During the rest of the
day she was not allowed nor to stand up nor to talk. They didn't even call her
by her name but whistling just to fingerfuck her or to stick candles into her
cunt or ass. "Tomorrow I'll bring a tail" suggested Andy "why don't we pierce
her nipples" asked Frida massaging her hanging tits and looking deep into the
eyes of her former friend. "Pierce her nipples and her clit too" added a few
minutes later Paola sitting with her legs apart, with her thumb deep in
Patricia, four finger massaging her nether lips and clit meanwhile Patricia's
head was hidden under her skirt.

Patricia herself was a turmoil. All this was too much for her. She just hoped to
get home and perhaps flew away, into another state, another country. How could
she again come into this office? Look at these horrible people? What would they
do with the pictures they took this morning and what would they do to her or
even worse made her do?
But by now all she could do is go on licking another woman's cunt, and again
close to orgasm due to Paola's ministrations.

From Patty ...

Slowly the people were leaving the office and Patricia was still on all fours
attached by her leash in a corner. She had been there for almost an hour for all
of them to see. Leaving and happily chatting they mostly ignored her naked and
humiliated boss and she just got some slaps on the ass or they gentle stoked her
hair. Andy and Megan were leaving together talking normally, but Andy's hand was
on Megan's butt who didn't fight it and Patricia made out Andy's words:"... a
dog collar on you too".
Finally there were only two people (pets doesn't count) left in the office:
Frida and Peter.
Patricia saw them coming and thought they would fondle her a little or perhaps
fuck her (how easily she was accepting this, she thought) and than leave but she
didn't expect what was about to happen.
"Peter, I've talked to Klaus and he agrees we can keep a pet" Frida was saying
"So, please, pleeease, let me take her home. I promise I'll look after her.
Bitte, bitte, bittchen " She finished pleading in German.
Peter looked at Patricia who was saying no with her head and than at Frida who
had folded her hands in front as if praying and looked at him with her best
puppy dog eyes nodding yes. Than he sentenced: "No, Frida, Patty is not your
pet. She has worked hard today and does not deserve any more effort.
Frida doesn't notice the strange intonation Peter gave the word "your "and not
to the word "pet". When Frida left, Peter behaved like a gentleman. He untied
Patricia's leash, cut the ties of her ankles and helped her to get up, then he
brought out of his office a pretty, long, dark blue evening gown for her to put
on and undid her collar. He even knelt down to take off her kneepads. Patricia
was absolutely astonished and wasn't able to say a single word. Was this the
same Peter?
He gently asked her if she wanted to go to the restrooms and she nodded yes.
When she came out he was ready to leave the office and waited for her at the
open door. She just went through it
"Thank you" she said. "You're welcome, Miss Johnson" he answered "I was
wondering if you would accept to have dinner with me and my family tonight".
Patricia really wouldn't but Peter had been so kind to her not letting Frida
take her home, that she accepted.
The dinner was great. Patricia met Anna, Peter's second wife, Paul (20) and Igor
(17) his sons. She was presented as "Miss Patricia Johnson, my boss". Paul and
Igor looked at Patricia when ever they thought she is not looking and Patricia
didn't know if it was cause of her beauty her because Peter had told them more
about her last performances.
"Paul, please if you go on looking at Miss Johnson like this she is going to
feel unease" said Peter in a soft voice and added " even I can understand you".
When they finished the dinner Anna showed her the wine cellar. It was a big room
with a lot of free space in the middle. Anna told her that sometimes they
organize little parties and than they dance there. She immediately put on some
music and lights to show her. Peter and his sons came down too and he started to
dance with his wife. Patricia stood there smiling and waiting to go up again
when she heard Igor asking: "May I have this dance ?"
Surprised by the coolness of this teenager to ask his daddy's boss for a dance
she couldn't deny
dancing with him.
He was a surprisingly good dancer. After the second song the little finger of
his right hand had reached the upper part of her bottom, gently she corrected
his hand just to feel that his left hand was now on her buttock. Shamed she
tried to cut short this dance. When they finished it was Paul who wanted to
dance with her. All the time Peter and Anna hadn't stopped dancing and Anna even
encouraged his older son to dance with Patty what finally he did. He too managed
it to feel up her ass and Patricia was ashamed cause she knew Anna and Peter saw
it.
The rest of the evening was uneventful. Peter treated her all over the evening
like a real gentleman and even drove her home. "Tomorrow morning I'll pick you
up at nine, because we have an appointment outside the office, so please dress
for business" was all he said when leaving.


...to pet

At 9 o'clock he picked her up. She was dressed in a two pieces red suit with a
short skirt and red shoes, her make-up was perfect, her hair done. "Where are we
going, Peter?" she asked when coming into the car. "Just to a notary to settle
same legal points" he answered starting the machine "it will take you only few
minutes".
"But I've brought nothing with me" complained Miss Johnson.
"Don't worry Padma is bringing everything over"
"Padma?" She asked.
"Oh, well for you it's Mr Anand"
"Ah, Mr. Anand... and you call him Padma?"
"Of course, we have been friends for more than ten years now, don't you remember
it was me who suggested you to hire him" He asked and without awaiting an answer
he put his hand on her thigh and moving it up and down he went on saying "and I
think he has done a great work, don't you think so Patty?
Patricia froze. This unexpected touch chilled her to the bones. She wanted to
take off his hand but wasn't able to do it.
"Yes, a very good job he is going to finish today" said Peter smiling whilst his
hand was now touching her cunt. Patricia was shocked twice, first cause of the
touch itself and second cause now she realized she were not wearing panties and
she didn't do it on purpose. 
"Patty kiss me" Peter ordered and Patricia couldn't stop herself and kissed him.
"Nice, nice and now take my cock out and suck it" Peter said. Patricia was
determined not to do it but her hands didn't obey her and when she had the cock
out off the zipper she started to suck it as if her life depended on it.
"Well; Patty, stop we've arrived" Peter hadn't finished but he put back his
penis and slowly drove into a garage. Padma Anand was there. The small Indian
dressed in a black suit greeted Peter amicably and then said in a harsh voice:
"Patty  come and greet me" Patty again wanted to disobey this order and again
she wasn't able. She frenchkissed him whilst he felt her thoroughly up. Then he
took his briefcase and went towards the lift chatting to Peter.
"Benjamin Gibson, Notary" was all she read on the door before an old man opened
it.
"Mister Peter Wilkinson, I suppose" greeted the notary.
"Mister Benjamin Gibson, I suppose" answered Peter laughing. Then they shook
hands.
Peter introduced Padma as a friend and witness. Patricia was absolutely ignored.
When they sat at the table Peter told her to kneel beside him and started
touching her ass.
She felt humiliated but redfaced she knelt down. Mr. Gibson was reading the
documents and than handed them over to Peter to sign them, what Peter did
immediately. Than for the first time he spoke to Patricia: "Miss Johnson if you
are voluntary agreeing, please sign and put your fingerprint on the documents,
you know I've to hear you agreeing before I can legalize them.
Patricia started reading and went red. Peter didn't know if it was anger or
shame. There she knelt reading she was giving her company, her house, her car,
her bank accounts to the man who was openly feeling her up. Peter said "sign it"
and slowly fighting with all her soul she signed it.
Then Mr. Gibson produced a second document for her to sign and put her
fingerprints on. She read again. If before she was close to tears now she was
openly crying. She couldn't sign this, no, no way. This was too demanding,
before signing it she would prefer to die. She read:

I, miss Patricia Johnson, born in .... She over-read all the details ...
Agree to the following points:

1) I'll lose my Status as USA citizen and as human being in general
2) I become Mr. Peter Wilkinson's pet to all legal effects.
3) My new name is now Bossy
4) Mr. Peter Wilkinson is free to use, keep, sell, hire, mutilate or slaughter
Bossy
5) Bossy is not allowed to talk and it's vocal cords will be modified for her to
bark only
6) Bossy is not allowed on furniture
7) Bossy is not allowed to dress or walk like humans if not told.

Bossy's Pawprints				Patricias signature


	
"Have you read the document Miss Johnson ?" asked Mr. Gibson "...and if you
willingly agree than please sign and put your fingerprints on it". "You know the
fingerprints are very important on that document cause as a pet your sign has no
legal force."
"No", Miss Patricia Johnson whimpered, "please not..."
"But, Patty, you have no choice" spoke Peter "I have promised Igor and Paul I'll
bring them a pet to play with and to show their friends. I know they liked you
and I suppose it will be a surprise as great as it was when I brought Anna; and
Padma has bought and installed a kennel in the office just for you" "and don't
forget the appointment I made with the surgeon" added Mr. Anand. "So, Patty, put
your paws on that document and stop talking". Miss Johnson fought all she could
but she printed her fingers on that awful document. Than Peter produced from
nowhere "her" collar, kneepads and a leash.
To be dressed like a free woman and collared like this was even more humiliating
than being nude. The notary congratulated Peter cause now he was a rich man and
squatted down to thoroughly touch Peter's pet. His hands fondled her cunt and
tits  he slapped her ass and finally order her to blow him.
Before leaving the notary she was order to strip naked following rule 7, then
they left. Two dressed men with a pretty, naked woman on her fours lead by a
leash.
They drove directly to the veterinary clinic to modify her vocal cords and for
her to get all the prescriptive vaccines. There she was put into an individual
cage, then they left.
Patricia looked around to see "other" dogs in cages like hers. The guard looked
at her and smiled. No, this wasn't possible. This guy was Aaron, from college.
The worst student she ever met and an absolutely jerk. "What a surprise, isn't
this Miss Pricktease Johnson" he said leaving his chair approaching her cage.
"No, please, Aaron let me alone" she pleaded. "But Patricia I'm so glad to see
you, to see all of you " he corrected and started fondling her ass. She tried to
avoid his contact but didn't succeed. "Patricia wait here" he said cynically
"I'm going to bring my new digital camera. I'm sure I still have our classmate's
e-mails. That would be a big surprise, don't you think so, Miss Johnson?
Patricia didn't answer. There she was naked, in a cage fondled by a stupid guy
and without any possibility of escape. Now the same guy she would have laughed
at for asking her for a dance was freely touching her cunt and tits.
And worse, all her classmates will soon now, and perhaps profit, her new Status.
She, Miss Patricia Johnson, was now Bossy, a pet to play with and fuck. Life is
horrible, for Bossy of course.

Back to office

When Peter and Padma came into the office, Rebecca greeted them as if she hadn't
seen them for years. They both groped her noting she wore no panties and that
she didn't object being touched like this. Than they went into the main room. At
first sight everything seemed normal but then they noticed...

It will continue ...




Back to office

When Peter and Padma came into the office, Rebecca greeted them as if she hadn't
seen them for years. They both groped her noting she wore no panties and that
she didn't object being touched like this. Than they went into the main room. At
first sight everything seemed normal but then they noticed that Paola was
standing next to Dominica wearing a very short skirt. Dominica was sitting in
her chair with her right hand holding the phone and talking and her left hand...
fondling Paola under her skirt. The secretary looked very embarrased and was red
faced but still she stood there and allowed Dominica to touch her most private
parts so openly.

Andy's place was empty and so was Megan's. Peter noted the new kennel installed
next to the main door, "Bossy" he read and went smiling into his office. Padma
approached Marco's table who was busy writing at his PC just to see under his
table an ashamed Frida on her knees blowing him. Than Andy entered the room
leading Megan on a leash. Megan's hands were cuffed behind, and she had the hem
of her dress in her mouth showing her freshly shaved cunt to all her co-workers.
She was also wearing the dog collar Andy promised her. He "parked" Megan
attaching the leash to a new ring in the wall, told her:" stay" and went back
working.

It was quite a sight to see this former independant, intelligent, and just two
weeks ago inaccessible women perform like a perfect slut, for everybody to feel
up, lay down or order around. Mr. Anand was doing a great benefit for man-kind.

During the whole day Megan stood there suffering the indignities her former
co-worker would do to her. All of them fondled her shaven cunt, kneaded her
tits, slapped her ass or french kissed her when ever they passed next to her,
which was quite often. She felt humiliated and degraded but even when Dominica
stapled a bill to her right nipple she suffered loudly but did not rebell. On
the bill stood:" Feel free to use. I'm the best man-toy." Dominica told her she
was not allowed to hide or quit the bill for the rest of the week. "That mean's"
she said pawing her bald and sensible cunt "you are going home and perhaps you
should explain your husband and maybe your neighbors your new status."

Megan couldn't believe it. It was bad enough to be seen naked, to have been
shaved and to get touched and teased by all these people but involving her
strict husband and neighbors was too much. It was going to ruin all her life.
But utterly ashamed she accepted her fate and didn't fight back.

When Frida finished blowing Marco, Padma told her that as the lawyer she was he
wanted her to redact and legalize the new office regulations. Once done all the
staff would sign them and they will be shown at the entrance. He asked  her to
take her place pointing at a special device and to note down the following
points, later she would give them the right legal form. Frida looked at the
device without understandingit; it was like a huge wooden lath thick at its base
and ending in edge, about 1 feet high and 1 feet long. She was going to sit on
the uncomfortable edge when Padma told her:"Frida, darling, you are supposed to
kneel on it, one leg on each side and the edge cutting deep into your cunt. You
know all your chairs will be changed into devices like this one. It's good for
the general mood of your co-workers and even better for business when customers
show up.

Once Frida was installed he ordered her to put her skirt's hem into her
waistband showing how deep the wood were cutting into her cunt. "Am I wrong or
are you wetting my device" he asked cynical to a deeply ashamed Frida while
caressing and pulling on her nether lips. Then he started dictating the  new
office regulations:

1) The following regulations apply to all the staff and their direct families.
2) In this office female and male are equal. Male equal to human, female equal
to pets.
3) If given a direct order a female has to obey, she HAS TO, there is no other
option.
4) Female salary, position, workplaces and names have to be adecuated to her
office status.
5) By working in this office I fully agree to the new regulations and promise to
fulfill them.

When he finished he told her to also care about the following changes:

Her name would change from Frida, lawyer (read Freeda) into Freefuck Lay-down.
Megan changes from Megan, West Manager into Megafun, Best Man-toy.
Poala, secretary becomes Paola screw-tary.
Rebecca, receptionist would now be Rebe cum-receptacle
And finally Dominica becomes Dominanta

Frida left Padma's office with an aching cunt and an horrible mood.- What had
happened to the office?- she thought looking at Megan's bald cunt and rubbing
her own.- Why aren't they reporting or at least quitting? Why had she been so
unfair to Patty? And why the hell am I always so hot?

She sat on her (still) chair and started working.

Bossy
`
Aaron had a great time with Miss Patricia Johnson. After conscientiously feeling
her up he took a lot of pictures, fucked her through the cage and finally forced
her to blow him. When the surgeon arrived she was let out on her fours.

Some hours later Patricia regained consciousness again in a cage, but in another
room. She thought about what had happened and exclaimed: "Oh my God", well, no,
what she really said was:" Ouu wow woow".

That night Peter collected her and made her jump into the trunk. She failed
twice and twice he caned her ass, finally she got in and he drove home. He
parked in his garage and without letting her out he went home. Five minutes
later she heard him coming back. "Tell me, Daddy what is the surprise?" Igor
asked.  "You open the trunk and search for it" Peter answered. Then she saw
Igor's face. "Daddy isn't this your boss? he asked surprised. "No, Igor she is
Bossy and she is the pet I promised."

"Daddy you are the best Daddy in world" said Igor embracing his father and then
to Patricia:"Come, Bossy, come" Patricia was so ashamed she couldn't move, but
when she saw Peter's cane she climed out of the trunk. Igor told her to stand
looked at her and feeling up her cunt he asked " Is this the same bitch that
yesterday wouln't let me touch her dressed ass? "Ask her" answered Peter
laughing."Tell me, Bossy" Patricia couldn't be more ashamed. She was standing
naked in her account manager's garage with a teenager massaging her cunt and now
she was going to humiliate herself further by barking. She just looked at him
with pleading eyes. Peter wanted her to say something and hit her ass with his
cane, hard. "WOOO" she exclaimed pressing her cunt deeper into Igor's hand. Igor
understood and joined his father laughing. He asked for the leash, ordered Bossy
to heel and ran into the house crying "Mom, Mom, Paul come and see... " Igor and
Paul called Anna "Mom" even it was her stepmother.

Paul was in his room with his best friend Richard and their both girlfriends
Melanie and Venus. They  were having a big time. Anna was also there, training.
Paul, Melanie and Richard were sitting on the sofa. Paul's left arm were on
Mel's shoulders, the hand cupping her tit. His right hand was under Mel's dress,
and his fully erect cock in Mel's soft moving right hand. Next to Melanie was
Richard whose cock was also in one of Mel's hands, the left one. Sometimes he
also fondled under Mel's dress or cupped her tit. All of them were looking at
Richard's girlfriend, Venus, a pretty black girl wearing Nike sneakers, a very
tight white short, a top and in her hand a whip ; and at Anna. Paul's
Stepmother. Naked with high heeled black boots, with a collar to which her hands
were attached and a ring gag, she was training. She was training to pick up
things with her cunt. It was not only very humiliating to have to act like this
in public, specially in front of her son's friends but very difficult too. Anna
was a very athletic woman and to pick up lets say a pen she had to kneel over it
and then open her legs until her cunt touched the floor, grip it and without
letting fall out, close her legs again. To worsen things her cunt was moist and
slippery.

After lunch, when her son's friends arrived, Paul asked her to bring some cokes
to his room. She went upstairs with the cokes, entered into Pauls room and saw
Venus standing in the middle of the room with the whip. She wanted to back out
but there was Ricky, who slapped her ass. She was about to protest when Paul
told her to strip and behave or "I tell Daddy" he said. The whole afternoon they
had toyed with her, and she had given head and been fuck or both between
training sessions; just when Igor called she was trying to pick up an apple. It
was the third time the apple slipped out, delighting everybody and earning her
another lash. "Mom, let the apple and go and see why Igor is calling" ordered
Paul. Anna knew she had to obey, and it wasn't the first time Igor saw her like
this. In fact Igor and Paul had abused her a lot of times but when ever she
tells her husband he just says:"They are boys don't take them too serious" or "I
brought you home to make us a happy family, so try your best" or "It's normal
for boys to play"

Anna went downstairs and saw Igor leading a blond naked women on all fours.
"Hey, Mom, you look great" said Igor and slipped his hand between her legs.
"Look what Daddy brought home. She's called Bossy" and than to Patty "Bossy,
bark, bark" And much to her shame, Patty barked.

After Igor entered Peter and looking at Anna he said:"Oh, Darling, I see you are
occupated right now. When you are finished would you please prepare dinner?" And
he switched on the TV.

Igor took Patty into his room.

One hour later Anna, still naked, was setting the table and Paul came down with
Ricky, Mel and Venus. He presented his friends to Peter who shook hands with
Richard and just said "hi" to the girls. Anna was mortified to hear they were
staying for dinner.-Yes, they had seen her naked-, Anna thought, but not in
front of her husband. When they went into the dining room they saw Patty on all
fours attached in a corner. "Paul, you pig" exclaimed Melanie happily kicking
him "you never told me you had a bitch at home" "It's new, really" said Paul
jumping away."Yes, Miss Melanie," said Peter I brought her this afternoon. "It
was my bitchy Boss and now it is my bitch Bossy" everybody laughed. They sat and
ate dinner normally, if you call normally having dinner with one naked woman
sitting at the table and another one eating directly out of a dog bowl, in a
corner.


Thursday morning Peter didn't go to office. The night had been very long and
tiring and he and Bossy, more then him, needed to rest. But in the afternoon he
showed up. Perfectly dressed he came into HIS office, Bossy followed behind on
her fours like the bitch she was. Rebecca greeted him with passion, he just
fingered her cunt and passed by. Once in the main room he attached Bossy to her
kennel and picked up a bowl to refill it with water. Then he looked around.
Megan was naked but everything else was ok, everybody was working, just Megan,
Frida, and Paola looked stressed. He knew why.

He went into his office and sat at the table. Half of the wall in front of him
was now an enormous poster of Miss Patricia Johnson, dressed in a red two piece
suit, with her hair done, a perfect make up and smiling. Printed at the bottom
of the poster stood:"I'm the Boss". The other half was empty. Not for long,
there he is going to post the picture of Bossy he took yesterday: naked
squatting down with wide open knees showing her well trimmed cunt, hands at her
side and a big bone between her teeth . This poster will also be printed:"I'm
Bossy". He knew the efect it would have on his customers, and on Bossy, of
course, but who cares?

Megan

Megan lived in a flat, and even it was in a good neighborhood the lift into the
garage and to the floors  was not the same. So, once she parked her car she
hoped nobody would come across to see the ominous note stappled to her nipple
and took the lift. -Now out of this one and into the next-, she thought and run
out. "Megan" she heard "do you have a moment?" -Nooo, not Ms Fawn- she thought
and without looking back she answered:" Noo, I'm sorry Miss Fawn, but I think I
forgot the iron on Alan's shirt and I've to check. Then the lift arrived and she
jumped in. She opened her door and closed it behind her breathing heavily -
saved- she thought. -But how am I explaining this to Alan- she tried to quit the
bill but somehow her hands didn't obey and she only elonged her hurting nipple.

Alan Bates was a rich, strict man. Ten years older than Megan he married her
cause of her beauty but he wasn't really in love. When he came home he saw his
wife preparing dinner in the kitchen, said the mandatory "hi, darling'' and
switched on the TV. "Darling, on friday night we are invited to the yearly
good-neighbor-dinner by the Fawns. Dinner was ready and she brought it to the
living room, than she sat down and without looking at Alan, started eating. Alan
also ate but suddenly a white paper pending on Megan's breast caught his
attention. He read it and went on eating.

When they finished Megan quitted the table and prepared coffee. Alan went on
watching TV. She brought two cups and wanted to sit on the sofa when Alan
spoke:"What happen to your breast?"

"I, I have to wear it this week" she answered."And why?" he wanted to know."I
really don't know, but I have to" she whimpered."Is it true, are you a Man-toy?"
he inquired. "Alan, please, I don't know...I think..today....yes" she finally
said."Very well, Megan, if you are a Man-toy I want you to strip naked right now
and I don't want you to dress again, not till this note disappears. A Man-toy
should always be naked." Megan started to undress; when she was done he noted
her shaven cunt."Yes a Man-toy looks like this, shave it every day, keep it
bold, slut" he said. It was the first time Megan had heard Alan saying such a
word, letting alone saying it to her. He made her stand next to the TV  and went
on looking it without another word. Finally he stood up and went to bed
saying:"Toy, don't move and touch yourself all the night but don't dare to cum.
See you in the morning."

Next morning he found an humiliated and frustrated Megan standing next to the
TV. He approched and inspected her swollen cunt. "Very good, toy, now prepare
breakfast shower, shave your cunt again and hurry up to office.

"Alan, please, let me put on just a dress" Megan pleaded. "Toy" he said strictly
and went to the bathroom. Before leaving Alan said:"Toy, I'm driving you to
office as you are. Naked, no phone, no money, no keys. In the afternoon you ask
any colleague to give you a lift and wait for me standing at our door, with your
feet apart and hands behind. You are not to move, under no circumstances, is it
clear, toy" and added "Don't try to cheat or to get in."

Paul and Igor

Paul and Melanie also got up late on thursday, they too were tired. Wednesday
had been a very tiring day.First they toyed with and fucked Anna, then they
toyed with and fucked Bossy and finally they made love. After dressing they went
down. Anna greeted: "Hi, Couple, slept well?, come, sit down and have
breakfast."Where's Igor" asked Paul "He took Bossy for a walk" answered Anna as
if talking of a real dog. "And Ricky and Venus left one hour ago" she added.

To be continued...

Dear reader shall we plot against Melanie and Venus or not? The sequel is still
open at this point.
Please email: woolfighter@yahoo.es




Monday



Things were slightly different Monday morning. Peter had been the first this
Monday; he attached Bossy to her kennel and went into his office. Miss Patricia
Johnson couldn't avoid still feeling humiliated by this treatment. She, the
former owner of the company, was now a legal pet, always naked and on her fours
for everybody to touch or use. Whenever she forgot her status and wanted to say
something her barking remind her of it. When she was brought Thursday afternoon
she was utterly humiliated, and to worsen things all her male staff enjoyed her.
Friday had been even worse when the company's best customer Mr. Kondo showed up.
At first he couldn't believe his eyes and seemed shocked cause he knew Miss
Johnson very well but when Peter made Bossy bark and fetch different items he
laughed his head off.

Mr. Kondo spent the whole morning fucking and teasing the female staff and when
finally he decided to invest more money he did it with his cock in Bossy's mouth
his right hand fondling Paola's cunt standing next to him and finger fucking
Freefuck, sitting with spread legs on the table, with his left one.

Megafun arrived that Monday dressed in a two sizes too small dress with her
hands tied behind, a dog collar on her neck and a ball gag in her mouth, she
went over to her kneeling device and knelt on it.

Freefuck was brought into the office by her husband Klaus and Paola. Paola who
had spent the weekend at Klaus's place wore a transparent skirt with nothing
underneath showing freely her cunt. Klaus fondled her ass with his left hand
while leading Freefuck's leash with the other one. She walked on her fours,
naked and with her tongue sticking out of her mouth. At the end of her tongue
she wore an enormous ring that didn't fit into her mouth and attached to that
ring was a small bell. Klaus patted Bossy's head and groped her before
installing his wife and Paola on their kneeling devices. When the male
co-workers showed up they patted, groped and laughed at her former colleagues
before starting work. The last one showing up was Dominanta. She came into the
office wheeling an enormous birdcage. Inside the cage was Rebecum. Poor Rebecca
had suffered the whole weekend at Dominantas hands and was now disguised as a
strange bird. The position in the cage wasn't comfortable either. To fit into it
she had to squat down impaling herself on a dildo and Dom had her wide spread
knees attached to the cage bars. Her head was enclosed in a bird-like helmet and
her hands, attached to her waist by an invisible nylon cord. The cage was to be
fixed to the ceiling by a very big spring. Once installed it would swing up and
down continuously fucking herself. Her helmet would transform all her suffering
sounds in whistling.



Six weeks later 



Peter was launching a party for his Annislavery as he called his anniversary. He
had invited all the office with their families and some friends and neighbors.
During these six weeks Mr. Anand had been regularly dining with his work
colleagues, at their homes. It was important to him to prepare the wives just in
case they decided to show up at the office or their husband brought home one of
his colleagues.



The first to arrive were Marco, his wife Emily, their daughter Mary and their
son Marco Jr. They were greeted by Bossy's barks, chained to her kennel in the
front garden. Marco ignored his former boss, Emily just patted her head, Mary
(16) ashamed didn't look but Marco jr.(13) was delighted. He squatted down and
fondled this naked grown up woman till he came into his pants.



Andy and his family (wife, two daughters and a boy) came together with Megafun
and her husband, Mr. Bates. They were all formally dressed except poor Megan.
The former west coast manager was wearing only incredible high-heeled blue boots
and a blue cap. Her hands were cuffed behind. And a chain attached to a ring in
her denuded cunt was hold by Eric (14), Andy's teen son.



Anna was happy they had hired a catering service, so she too could enjoy her
party.

Two hours later the garden was full of drinking, eating and chatting people,
even Bossy was running free, on her fours, of course. She was the attraction for
the younger boys. Everybody knows that kids and dogs come along well, and these
boys were cumming very well. They just couldn't get enough and fondled and
tortured Miss Johnson's most private parts without getting tired. Pour Patty,
caught in her degrading spiral was now just a toy for teenage boys.



Peter asked Emily to join him in his study cause he wanted to talk to her.
"Emily" he said in a very concerned tone "I've heard you want to report my son
Igor"

"Yes, of course" retorted Emily "last week he tried to rape my daughter, but by
now Mary is too shocked to be able to explain the whole thing. I'm just letting
her to recover emotionally before talking to the police"



They were still standing in the middle of Peter's well-decorated studio.

"To rape, to rape, such an ugly word" started Peter "they were just having
fun..."

"If you mean it's funny my daughter came home without bra and her panties in
shreds.."

"It is her own fault for wearing them, and by the way" Peter stopped a moment
and continued "... your husband is fired."

"You, you..." stammered Emily "... you cannot fire him like this. You have no
right. It is our sole income. How are we suppose to..." Emily's voice was now
soft and pleading. Peter didn't let her finish. "It's not my fault. It's him who
broke the rules"

"What?" Emily's concern grew by moments "What has he done?"

"He contravened the first of our Office regulations" said Peter "I suppose you
know them and..."

Peter took out a sheet of paper and showed it to Emily:



Office regulations

1) The following regulations apply to all the staff and their direct families.

2) In this office female and male are equal. Male equal to human, female equal

to pets.

3) If given a direct order a female has to obey, she HAS TO, there is no other

option.

4) Female salary, position, workplaces and names have to be adecuated to her

office status.

5) By working in this office I fully agree to the new regulations and promise to
fulfill them.



Signed



Marco Smith



"You can clearly see that the regulations apply to my worker's families and that
Marco promised to fulfill them. He failed and that for he is fired. Enjoy the
rest of the party Miss Smith" Peter started to walk away.



"No, please, Peter wait. Mr. Wilkinson, please. I did a mistake" Emily was now
clearly crying "it's my fault, please don't fire him. I regret it so much.."

Peter stopped, inwardly smiling. "You regret what?"

"Threaten to report Peter. I promise I'm not going to do it" Emily was between
hysteric and desperate "but please do not fire Marco".



"No, Emily that's not the point" - at least he has called me Emily again, she
thought- "but come over to my desk and lest discuss the whole thing like
civilized persons.



Peter went to his desk and sat down waiting for Emily to follow him. The desk
was just under the window from where he could see the garden and the party. He
could clearly distinguish the office-bunnies. Klaus was fucking Paola whilst
Frida was on her fours licking his balls. Bossy surrounded by kneeling boys was
on her back with bended legs. It seems they were stuffing her cunt full with
something. Marco, Emily's beloved husband was dancing with Imelda, Victor's
daughter, with both hands on her ass. Megafun stood behind Eric who hadn't
released her not for a single moment. Even when he danced with other girls and
shyly tried to touch them, he hold Megan's chain and forced her to follow it,
cunt first. Dominanta was talking to a group of wives. Rebecum was not there
cause she hadn't been released out of her cage.



Emily looked twice at the wooden triangular device, supposed to be a chair. She
didn't know how to accommodate herself on it. Not only the edge seemed
inappropriate to sit but also the whole thing pointed in the wrong direction. If
she sat on it she looked at the door or through the window, but she wanted to
face the table. It should be parallel to the desk.

"Emily, please, I've a lot of guests to attend. Would you hurry a little bit up"



"Yes, sorry, I just don't..."

"You've to kneel on it, my dear. A knee on each side and the edge cutting
directly into your cunt" Peter saw Emily flushing red but she didn't dare to
protest. "As civilized persons" she remembered. Slowly Emily positioned herself
over it and lowered her body bending her knees. If before her adjusted pants had
done little to hide her feminine forms, now her slit was blatantly jutted out.



"You told me you did a mistake, didn't you?"

Emily's voice was broken when she answered: "Yes sorry I regret it so much..."

"Still you think it is not funny when your daughter comes home without bra and
her panties in shreds? Or now you think it is funny and the unfunny thing is
your husband coming home jobless?"

"Yes" was the whispered answer of a very uncomfortable Emily. Uncomfortable in
both ways, physically and emotionally.

"Yes what?" "It is funny to hear from your daughter my son had fun with her,
Emily?"

"Yes" words and tears came together.

"And are you going to amend that error?"

"Yes" the whisper was inaudible.



"Miss Smith I can't hear you, and would you please stop frigging yourself off
against my furnisher and speak louder building whole sentences." Peter's voice
was loud and cold.

It was true she was horny and these f... edge made her move constantly.



"I'm going to tell my daughter how fun it is coming home without bra and her
panties in shreds and that I firmly support Igor having fun."

"And?"

"And I'm going to make her to apologize for her behavior"

"Misbehavior" corrected Peter

"Misbehavior" repeated Emily.

"And what is she going to say"

"She is going to ask him to forgive her and... and... and to feel free of having
fun with her if he felt like"



Peter reclined on his chair and smiled. Padma had done a good job, but lets test
how well.

"I don't know Emily if you understand your situation, but before you go on, I
think you should be braless. You agreed before that it's funny"

Emily's shock was clearly visible on her face, her mouth dropped open and she
wanted to answer, but her mind didn't find the right words.

"If you want me to believe you, go on telling me Mary's apologies with your tits
on show."

Slowly and deeply ashamed, this pretty and 35 year old woman started undressing.
Once topless she covered her breasts with both hands.

"I said on show, you stupid slut"

Peter was delighted when she lowered her hands. "Now go on I want to know the
exact words Mary is going to tell"



"She is going to say that he can look at her breasts.."

-"Tits"-

"tits if he wants to or even touch them"

-"Grope them, knead them"-

"Grope them and the also her sex..."

-"Cunt"-

"Also her cunt is available to see or tou...grope"

-"Fuck"

"That also her cunt is. ...Fuckable." Emily said these last words openly crying.

"Yes, her cunt is fuckable, the same as her mother's one, isn't it Miss Smith?"

"Fuckable by anybody who feels like it" finished Peter.



Emily was trapped. Trapped by her own feelings, by her own fears, by Padma's
conditioning

Finally she stammered a 'yes'

"Perfect" said Peter "than lets see this fuckable cunt of yours before we rejoin
the party and you tell everybody"



This couldn't be true. He was not expecting her to strip and than show her off
at the party.

Yes, exactly this is was Peter expected.

He stood up and helped her getting up cupping both her tits from behind. Her
protest didn't pass her lips. Peter went on massaging her globes whilst she
stripped off her trousers.

The last dignity went away with her slip. Finally Peter released her and took a
look.

Emily's shame was overwhelming. There she stood, naked, in her husband's boss'
Office, letting him look at her and feel her up. And he did. Slowly ha advanced
his right hand and cupped her cunt. Then his middle finger started moving.

"It's nice this fuckable cunt of yours, Miss Smith" he said it looking directly
into her eyes.

He slowly started finger fucking her. "Know I want you to repeat again what you
are telling your daughter"



"I'm going to tell her ..ahh.. she is ..ahh, aavailable"

Peter pinched her nipple and corrected her: "We are"

"That we are avaaaaailable"

His slowly pace was driving her crazy.

"What does it mean, Miss Smith?"

"That anybody can touch us, -again her nipple-, our cunt, our tits, that we are
fuckaaaable."

"Very good, indeed, very good now suck my dick before I fuck you. A party is
waiting for us"



The party was in full swing when Peter appeared with Emily. Everybody stopped a
moment to look at her. Marco's wife was well known and it was quite a sight to
see her stark naked wearing only black boots. The men welcomed the sighed and
started applauding; the women also felt the eroticism of that view and let their
husbands have fun. Victor, one of Marco's and Emily's best friend was the first
to react. He went over to Emily took her hand and started dancing with her. When
Marco and Victor made eye contact one was fondling Imelda's ass and the other
was openly groping Emily's cunt. Everybody seemed amused, but Mary. Mary,
Imelda's best friend, was with 3 of her friends criticizing her Imelda's
behavior and explaining again the incident with Igor when her mother appeared.
Her initial shock grew when she saw her mother being toyed with by Imelda's
father.



If Mary was shocked, Marco Jr. was delighted. Today he had seen more nude women
than in his whole life, and he had not only seen them, he had touched them too.
And now it seemed that his mother was also belonging to the touchable group.

Mary and Marco met at the dancing surface. Both aimed to their mother. Mary
reached first.



The slap in Mary's face sounded loud " ... and you should do the same" shouted
Emily.

"But Mom" stuttered Mary caressing her red cheek. Somebody shut the music down.

"I have had enough of your selfish attitude" Emily was still shouting and
everybody was looking at them. "Always accusing people. I want a complete
apologize, a humble one: to me, to your brother, to poor Igor, he was just
having fun, to all the boys. And I want you to tell them that it is ok if they
play with you, that it's funny to come home with ripped panties. If you don't
want boys to tear your panties don't put them on"



Mary couldn't believe her ears. She wanted to tell her mother she was nuts,
crazy, mad, gone but all she did was to become red. Padma had done his work. Oh,
yes, knows God he did it.



"And well" asked Emily standing nude in front of her daughter and the whole
party with Victor fondling her ass.



"Mom, I..."

"You...you...show if you are wearing panties"

Utterly ashamed by that order Mary raised her dress and showed her friends, both
boys and girls, and all the presents that, indeed, she was wearing blue panties.

The next order was even worse, she was ordered to remove it. You could have
heard the grass growing. Slowly her thumbs went under the waistband and down it
came. Finally she stepped out. The dress was again in it's place.

"Boys and girls" shouted Emily pointing at her daughter "this here is Mary and
she is panty- less. Do you want her to show?" A general yes came from the crowd,
but the most enthusiastic one was her brother's.

With a slowly motion and with both hands she lifted the hem of her dress until
even her navel were visible. Mary's cunt was there for all to see.

The crowd applauded and cheered.

"And now you are to dance like this with anyone who asks you. And don't lower
that dress or you'll regret it."



The party went on for hours. It didn't take long before Mary was naked except
for her shoes. All the boys danced with her. And all of them felt her up. They
squeezed her ass, fingered her slit, and sucked on her nipples. Even some of the
girls fondled her. It was as if her clothes she had also lost her status.

Isabel (17), Andy's oldest daughter, asked Eric to bring Mary over to the girls.
There she ordered Mary to kneel without sitting in the midst of them. Then they
started touching and exploring her former friend's body. Sheila (15), Isabel's
and Eric's sister asked her to explain again the episode with Igor whilst
sticking a finger into her friends cunt. Imelda slapped her ass for criticizing
her, and even Violet fondled her tits. Isabel cupped her cunt from behind,
without disturbing her sister's fucking fingers and tearing her by the hairs she
French kissed her.



"Mary" she said once she broke off the kiss "from now on if you want to join our
group first you have to show you are wearing no panties, then you are to kiss us
and finally you kneel down and wait for our approval" Isabel got hornier the
more she talked "Is it clear, Miss Smith. You do it if we are alone, with boys,
in school or whenever we meet"



Mary only nodded. She was close to orgasm and if Sheila didn't stop soon, she
was going to humiliate herself even more. Finally she couldn't hold on longer
and whimpering she wet Sheila's hand. The girls laughed and applauded, called
her all kind of names and dismissed her. 



Finally the party was over. It had been a success. All over tired but happy
faces. Eric went away with each hand on his sisters' bum, tearing at Megafun. He
had menaced them in becoming a 'Mary 2' and even he was the youngest of them
they didn't dear to risk an open confrontation. So he was happily fondling his
sisters bums.



Marco Jr. and Imelda walked side by side happily chatting. Mary was wearing a
dog collar and had to crawl just in front of them. "It is to see your slit" was
the explanation she got from her brother.

Their mother wanted to stop her son and...

And five minutes later she too was crawling on her fours collared and leashed,
next to her husband with a clearly caned ass.



Victor, who left without his wife, walked next to them, occasionally petting
Emily's hair.



But where was Susan, Victor's wife, where had she been all over the party?



To be continued...




Susan



Susan had been a problem from the very beginning. She was, by far, the
prettiest, but also the most intelligent woman between them. She with a six feet
tall and athletic body, with firm, natural 36c breast was blessed with a 143 IQ.
In her blond head and behind her green eyes she's got brains. She was the
youngest woman ever becoming judge and since she turned 20, 16 years ago, she
has been a feared feminist leader of the community.



Victor knew it could be dangerous letting Susan get wind of the office changes.
But somehow she got and when Victor suggested that a co-worker was coming for
dinner, she refused: "If somebody of your creepy workplace is putting a foot in
my house, I'm going to jail him."

Victor was shattered. For over ten days his colleagues had been taking
co-workers (or fuck-bunnies) home and spending a great time without marital
problems and he was not even allowed to invite Mr. Anand to have dinner.



It was this latter who found a solution. Victor was to tell her she looked
stressed and to convince her to start yoga. "Two hours weekly would be enough"
Victor told her "and me and Imelda, letting alone yourself will profit from it".
A few days later he showed her a brochure.



'Great Master Anand helps you to relax, to see clearer, to take the right
decisions by practicing yoga'

First hour free of charge.

Practice yoga in the privacy of your home; let Master Anand enter your life to
transform it.

Our schedule is as flexible as our body, phone!



She swallowed the bait. At least now there was hope. Under Padma's wise
directions she realized that another point of view, especially a male one, could
be better than her own, that she had been negligent both as woman and as mother,
that she should take more advise from authority. In short: she should obey!



Victor patiently waited for the first results to show, before taking any action.
And slowly results were produced. His suggestions in regard to her clothing were
not only welcome but also followed. Victor reached the breakthrough when
regarding Imelda they were having an argument and suddenly she smiled and gave
in. And it was important cause it was about dating boys.



Than Victor started inviting Marco or Andy and their families to spend weekends
together and these last weeks the three families had even dined together a lot
of times.

And their kids were happy too. It seemed true that the office regulation about
meeting outside the office contributes to general happiness.



That afternoon Paul and Richard together with their girlfriends Melanie and
Venus were at the party, bored. They were bored cause over these six weeks they
had played enough with Paul's father employees. Of course they preferred a naked
Megafun to a dressed Megan, but after six weeks the kick was gone. So they
chatted, drank and danced a little bit, but they were not really enjoying.



Victor arrived late. They didn't see him; neither did they notice Imelda. Their
eyes were locked on Susan. Dressed in a light blue dress, with her blond hair
moving freely, openly smiling and swinging her hips seductively, whilst walking
on high-heeled blue sandals, Susan was not a woman; she was a goddess.



Paul and Richard asked her for a dance but smilingly she rejected both to dance
with her husband, who afterward took her to talk to Andy and Marco. Frustrated
Paul and his friends retired. Ten minutes later Paul came back to ask Anna to
join him a moment in his room.

The party was going well and Anna hoped nobody would miss her, because being the
party's hostess she should not disappear.



Her happy smile froze on her face when she saw her training devices displayed on
the table.



Her high-heeled black boots, collar and a ring gag. And this damned Venus was
holding a cane.

"No, Paul, not today, please, it's my anniversary" Anna pleaded looking with
puppy eyes.

"But you are still not fully trained" it was Richard who answered, whilst he put
his hand on her wonderful round bum. Her tight spandex trouser, worn without
panties, left few for imagination. It acted more as a magnet than as a shield
against hands..

Anna stiffened, but did not fight his hand in the silent hope to find a way out,
behaving well.

"I think she is not motivated enough" Venus said passing her cane through Anna's
noticeable slit.



"Perhaps if she brings a training's partner..." started Melanie putting one hand
under Anna's chin to turn her head, and making eye contact. She fondled her tit
with the other hand without finishing her sentence. Anna's breast felt soft and
her nipple immediately hardened, proving her training.



"Whoever, I bring you whoever you want" Anna, in her state of mind, would have
sold her own daughter to a street brothel, if doing it she could escape her
predators. She felt like a sheep encircled by wolves. Ashamed she was accepting
to be felt up by her son's friends and when Venus ordered her to open her legs
to grant Richard's other hand a better access to her cunt she immediately
complied.



"Susan we've to talk" Anna took Susan by her arm and lead her into the house.
"Anna, my dear, what happens?" They stopped a moment not to fall over Bossy, who
naked on her fours was running away from of a group of laughing boys with small
branches. She looked stressed. "Boys" commented Susan and until reaching the
kitchen she and Anna commented how nice Miss Patricia Johnson was doing and how
fine their husbands business were developing.



"Well, Anna, I listen to you" said Susan once sitting in the kitchen.

"You know I'm only a Step mom and a second wife..." started Anna

"You put it down as if you were inferior" interrupted Susan " and I can... "

"Susan" went on Anna" I know I've to do more than other people, that's why I'm
training"

"Training?"

"Yes, or better said I'm being trained"

"How, who .. I mean how you can train to be a mother or a better woman"

"My son trains...ah, helps me and his friends too."

"You mean you care about them as if..."

"No, no come with me, I show you. I think you too should train." They stood up
and headed towards the second floor.

"Well, I guess my yoga teacher would agree with you, but I don't know how..."

"But we do" it was Paul talking from upstairs.



When Susan entered the room she saw nothing strange. There, sitting on the sofa
was a guy and two girls talking. Paul took a seat next to Melanie and when Susan
moved a chair to sit down he stopped her.

"Miss Cash a good woman should not sit down, at least not without asking
permission." Susan stopped a moment and thought 'ok, it's his room'.

'"Sorry, your name was?" Susan asked.

"Paul, I'm Paul this here is Melanie than Richard and finally Venus"

"I'm Susan, Susan Cash. May I have a seat?"

"No! I prefer you standing, you looks more womanly."

Susan was shocked, but, not knowing why, she remained standing.

Richard looked at her and after half stripping her with his gaze, he commented
what a disaster of woman she was not even knowing how to stand.



Susan felt ashamed and looked at Anna. Anna was standing straight, she knew her
position. Oh yeah, in that room she really knew her 'position'.



Paul barked " Get that feet apart, hands behind, chest out, lift the head and
open slightly your lips" That was exact the way Anna was standing. Susan should
react, protest but, confused, she obeyed.



Paul got up and approached her.

"I interpret you want to learn to be a better woman, a better mother a more
value person..."

"Yes..." it was more a whisper then a word.

"...and you are here asking us to help you, to improve you to train you"

"No, not, I really no..."

"Silence" he underlined his sharp word slapping Susan's ass. Indignant she
looked at him and wanted to answer, but all she got was another slap.

"And don't move "



Ashamed she resumed her former position. How could it be that she was standing
in that ridiculous position in front of three strangers and didn't even fight
back when an insolent boy touched her ass. Her body was getting aroused and her
mind searched for an answer.

"Ok, Miss Cash, we accept to train you even it seems you are lousy and lazy."

She had never been called that, but perhaps, she thought, she hadn't the right
vision of herself. Master Anand also told her to improve; and now Paul affirmed
she needs it, perhaps it was true.



"Venus give me the cane"

Susan shivered. 'A cane, what for?'

"This is the baton, I'm the director and you... " he said pricking her left tit
with the cane,

"...you are going to be trained, thoroughly trained. You are going to be trained
until we decide you've reached the desired level."



"Do you exercise, Miss Cash?"

"Yes twice a week, and I've got a yoga teacher..."

Paul didn't let her finish "...and do you train in street clothes?"

"Of course not, I've got my track suit" Her answer denoted annoyance.



Paul was having fun. In front of him stood the most beautiful woman he knew
answering stupid questions without losing her position.

"That's the point, to train you have to change clothes. Strip"

"But, but, " Susan was lost. How did he mean it? "Look, here I do not...'

"Shut up" this time it was the cane what reached her bum.

"First rule: silence; second rule: obedience" Paul sternly looked at her.



'Didn't you strip cause you were afraid we would see your tits?" Paul lifted his
hand and fondled one of her globes. She wanted to shy away, but remembered the
cane. Humiliated she endured his fondling. 'Or is it your ass what you are
hiding" Paul's hand was now lightly squeezing it.

Susan's body shivered and her mind raced. 'I'm judge I should jail this nerd,
this is indecent assault' Oh, my god, he's touching my pussy, and these people
are looking "Paul, please..."

With his hand still between her legs he squeezed her cunt.

"And why can't you keep that mouth shut?"



"Paul" Melanie said "today is her first day, I think we should help her and not
overtax her. Venus pass me the ring.

"Now my dear Susan open your mouth wide 'aaaaa', as if by the dentist" Melanie
talked to her as if talking to a child. Susan felt stupid but she did open her
mouth. Moments later she had a ringgag fixed in her oral cavity.

Immediately she wanted to tell them to take it out, but only produced some
'aahgs'. Than she decided to take it out herself but get a cane-hit on her ass.

Paul commented "Didn't I tell you NOT TO MOVE, my god how stupid are you.
"Melanie I think you are right let us also help her with her hands." Richard
fixed the collar on her neck and Venus and Melanie each a wrist to it.



The four friends went back to the sofa to have a seat and to look at Susan.
There she stood with a wide-open forced mouth and her neck and hands trapped in
a dog collar. She felt humiliated and somehow horny, but didn't dare to move.
Richard without even looking at Anna started to pass rithmically his finger
throug her slit.



Downstairs the party was at full swing. People were dancing or drinking and
chatting. Paola was getting fucked by her co-worker's husband, her co-worker
herself was naked on her fours licking his balls. Eric was absent-minded mauling
Megan's cunt whilst looking for a girl to dance with. Emily's pussy had been
introduced to a wooden edge or a wooden edge has been introduced into Emily's
pussy. Marco had fun fondling Imelda's ass. Miss Johnson had her sex full of
snails. All in all the party was going well.



"Your equipment is almost ready" Paul said "and I think it's improving you,
don't you agree"

The 'eeghs' answer could be interpreted either as a 'yes' or as a 'no'. "

"Just two more things, first your shoes" Paul looked at her and asked "Miss Cash
would you please remove your shoes." Soon her shoes were removed and Venus and
Melanie helped her with the training boots.



"Anybody thirsty?" asked Paul. Mel wanted a coke, Venus a soda, Richard a beer
and Paul himself another coke. "Mom, fetch" and Anna run out to bring the
beverages. Susan was astonished.



"Susie, you don't mind me calling you Susie, do you " whispered Paul into her
ear from behind whilst kneading both her globes "before stripping you we take
some pics and than the training may begin" Susan writhed embarassed in his hands
but couldn't do nothing to avoid them. Her breasts felt soft and warm to Paul?s
hands.



From the window Susan could see her family leaving. She reconized the naked
crawling women as Mary and Emily but she couldn't care less. She too was naked
or worse wearing her training outfit and she had been told she would wear it for
the next days. DAYS. After humiliating and abusing her for the whole afternoon
they had decided to keep her there. THEY had decided it, she was not asked. Nor
could she express her free opinion about getting her cunt shaved by two almost
unkown boys or about been filmed meanwhile two chicks fondled her till orgasm.



After the party



It had been Anna who informed Victor that Susan was staying. No, that's not
true. It had been through Anna that Victor got informed his wife was staying.
Cause Anna was wearing another training outfit, the same as Susan's but bright
red. After stapling an envelope with a note and a photo to his stepmom tongue,
Paul had given her a slap on her ass and "Fetch Victor".

She should be happy cause Paul with the stapler in his hand had asked were to
put the envelope. To her clit? To her tongue? To a nipple?

She streched her tongue through her ringgag all she could but it hurted and she
couldn't take it back into her mouth with the envelope there; She run back to
'her' party, red and embarrassed of having to exhibit herself like this.



Before reaching Victor, Miss Chapman, her neighbor, reconized her. "Look,
darling there is Anna, the hostess. "Anna, Anna" she shouted leaving for her.
She took Anna's arm and made her join the group of friends and neighbors her
husband was with. Never her neighbors nor her friends had seen her like this,
but they were delighted. Whilst  Miss Chapman hold her arm telling her what a
wonderful party it had been, Mister Chapman enjoyed the touch of her sex, felt
up her bum, flipped her breasts and commented to the group, which was also
heavily petting her : "I'm going to ask Peter to borrow us Anna instead of Bossy
for our next meeting. "

"Now I know the slut she is"  one of her 'friends' said, "our relation is going
to improve" and sticking three finger into her friend's cunt she asked "Isn't
it?"



"Well, it seems Susan had decided to stay" Victor said to Marco after reading
the note and looking at the pic. Marco, with one hand around Emily's naked waist
and the other one on Imelda's ass invited him over to them until Susan returns
home. Victor accepted without asking Imelda.



"Dad if the Cashs are coming with us, can I ride in their car?" Marco Jr.asked
when reaching the parking.

"Don't ask me, ask Mr. Cash"

"Please Dad, let them come with us in our car" Imelda begged. No-one asked the
crawling women.



Victor followed Marco's car. In the rear seat were Marco Jr., Mary and Imelda.
Marco and Imelda were sitting normally, but Mary, still naked, had to kneel with
wide spread knees between them. They had forbidden her to talk or move, but for
her hands. She should massage her tits and pinch her nipples all over the ride
cause as Marco put it "If I can't avoid having a bitch of a sis, then at least I
want a bitch on head.



To Mary's shame Imelda was telling Marco the orgasm Mary had at Sheila's hand
and to add graphism to her words she started slowly finger fucking her former
best friend. The whole hour it took to get to Marco's home they abused, pinched,
and molested Mary. The poor chick had two orgasms, much to her companions
delight.



"Victor" Marco said "I'm going to sleep in the spare room. I borrow you my
bedroom and Emily, in case you want to fuck her." Emily was bewildered. Ok, she
had been seen naked and felt up on a party,  which she left collared and leashed
on her fours, but that her husband borrows her to a common friend as if she were
a doll was humiliating.  "Marco" she said "I'm not a doll..."

"But Emily, of course you are. You are a fuck-doll. Didn't Peter tell you? Ah,
now I mention fucking,

Victor, if you want to fuck Mary too,  feel free, I haven't still decided were
she is sleeping, cause it's Imelda who is going to use her bed "



Mary blushed. She had been sure she was going to enjoy the privacy of her room
once they arrived home, and now her father not only offered her room and her bed
to Imelda. He was also offering her as a comodity.

Finally they solved the sleeping problem attaching her by the neck to the leg of
her brother's bed.



Eric wasn't happy he had to turn Megan over to her husband, but Mr. Bates wanted
to take her home and he was in charge.

Andy drove home talking in a lively way with his wife. They both had enjoyed the
party very much. Behind them Isabel, Eric and Sheila were also commenting
animately the events. Whilst for the girls the most important part had been
Mary, for Eric it was the power he knew he had won over his two sisters. There
he was, sitting between them with his right hand on Isabel's left thigh and
freely moving his left one up and down on Sheila's right thigh. And both sisters
kept their thighs spread.



Bossy felt asleep as soon as she was in her kennel, it had been a long and
humiliating day for her.



Susan didn't sleep well in her training outfit. When Richard and the girls left,
Paul attached a thin nylon string to her clit and fixed it to a bedpost. "Susie"
he said "don't be noisy". Than he went to bed and switched off the light.



Susan finally managed to lie down but as soon as she started dreaming and moved,
a sharp pain in her tender flesh remind the proud judge she was being trained.



To be continued.




Peter goes into politics

After one month of intensive advertising Peter's options to become Mayor had
grown from a meekly 17% to a full 46%. His adversary and actual mayoress Miss
Anna Bengtsson couldn't believe what was happening. How this unknown and
inexperienced guy have become a really thread to her reelection.

She, a natural blonde in her thirties, had studied politics and Marketing in
Stockholm, in her native Sweden, and moved to the States perhaps in the silent
hope to meet again her best friend Stefan.
There she rapidly moved to the top in her party and winning the last elections,
she became the States' youngest Mayor.

She knew that next Saturday's face to face would be crucial and was preparing
herself for it, by studying her opponent , but there were some inexplicably
black holes. Where does his wealth come from, why his rather stupid advertising
campaign is such a succeed, which is his political background, etc.

Two months earlier

The Burns

"Sheila" shouted Eric "come to my room, please".
Sheila heard her brother calling and went to see him. Three days had passed
since they came back from the Wilkinson's Annislavery party, three days full of
events. She remembered how much she enjoyed humiliating Mary, but she also
remembered how her brother threatened her of becoming "Mary 2" if she denies his
hands on her bum. Half cause she was horny, half afraid she granted him free
access to her behinds.

That was on Saturday evening. On Sunday he "forced" her to admit his hands all
over her body. The whole Sunday wherever they met he fondled her ass, her sex,
her tits. First he hid from their parents view, but when their father caught him
in the kitchen fingering her slit through her trousers, and proudly commented '
that's my son' the hiding was over.

On Monday they went to school. Their classrooms are in different buildings from
the same complex, so they only could meet in the dining hall. Their he saw her
and called her over to, in front of his buddies, pat her ass.
Ashamed she endured his groping hands and the avid eyes of his buddies. In the
afternoon, at home, he told her to come to his room where he ordered her to
strip.
"No" she denied "you creepy pig, I'm not your doll to dress or strip at your
will"

They became involved in a violent argument and even tried to hit each other
until their father came into the room. He was just coming back from office with
Mr. Anand when they heard the noise.
Whilst Padma stayed downstairs talking to Andy's wife and older daughter Isabel,
Andy himself went to see what was happening in Eric's room.

"He told me to strip naked" started Sheila " and groped me in school, and are
blackmailing me..."
"Just a moment, just a moment" stopped Andy the overflow of accusations. "Eric,
my son, is YOUR sister behaving as she should?" Sheila's mouth dropped open. How
on earth should she behave? What kind of question was this? Why wasn't he
listening to her?
"No, Daddy, she is stubborn and insulting, if she goes on like this, nobody is
going to marry such an unbearable bitch."

Before Sheila could answer Andy looked at her and very angry he said:
"Sheila, you heard your brother and if he ever complains again about HIS sisters
I'm myself give you a lesson you are not going to forget." Said this he turned
and went downstairs.

With her family and Mr. Anand waiting for her to have dinner, Eric made her join
them wearing only high heeled black boots and a black velvet necklace. Ashamed
to the most she appeared at the top of the stairs. In was quite a view seeing
this pretty naked teenager walking down the stairs with feline like
movements. Her sex was not very hairy and her slit was perfectly visible for all
of them. Once at table Andy ordered her to pose a little bit for them to enjoy.
Isabel couldn't hide her emotions and went red. Padma , in his deep, soft voice
suggested her to join her sister and Andy told her to follow Mr. Anand's always
wise suggestions. Padma himself was sitting on the sofa, next to Andy's wife,
with his right hand on the upper inner part of her wide spread thighs.
Isabel wanted to complain, but after looking at Padma and seeing her father's
eyes grumbling she stood up. "Eric, prepare YOUR sister for dinner, will you?
Happily Eric obeyed his fathers order and five minutes later they came back.
Isabel only wore high heeled sandals and a peaked cap. Her brother was towing
her behind him. She had her hands bound on the back and he was holding over his
shoulder a rope attached to her hands. This rope passed between her legs cutting
deep into her sex. The effect was highly erotic for the viewers and deeply
humiliating for her. Sheila was still posing, now next to Mr. Anand who was
quietly fondling her with his left hand. His right one was by now on Andy's wife
cunt.

Sheila went to her brother's room. When she entered the room she saw her sister
and mother standing there naked, hands behind, with slightly parted legs facing
Eric. He was sitting on his desk with a ruler in his hand. "Sheila, please, join
the group I've to talk to you." Patiently he waited for her to strip and
position herself next to her sister. Than he jumped from his table and walking
around them, he started speaking:
"My dear family, as you know daddy is not always here" his hand was passing from
bum to bum lifting them slightly "so he decided it should be me who calls the
tune at home" Eric enjoyed touching and kneading this warm, soft flesh of the
former so untouchable family members. The female felt ashamed, standing there
naked and exposed for a teen to look at, touch and teach them.
"I've decided" he proceeded "you should follow a few home rules. They are easy,
but if you fail" he said and hit his mothers ass with the ruler making her
shriek and jump forward "assume position!, but if you fail " he repeated "I will
be implacable". Said this he went to his table and took a sheet of paper.
His mother was rubbing her clearly marked ass. Slowly he positioned himself in
front of his mother and feeling up her soft and wet cunt he read:

First rule: You obey me whenever daddy is not home or not speaking

"This is an easy rule, isn't it?" he said and pinching his mothers clit he
withdrew his hand to fondle his older sister. She shivered , but did not move.
He was having the best time of his live, and it was just the beginning. Her cunt
was tighter then their mothers one, but he had no problem in fitting two fingers
into her.

Second rule: At home you are to dress to enhance your nakedness, not to hide it.

After finger fucking a little bit Isabel he went over to Sheila and pinching her
cunt lips he read his third and devastating rule:

Third rule: You are forbidden to speak if not asked and "NO" is a forbidden word
for you when talking to a man.

Sheila cunt was, by far, his preferred. It was 'new'. He thought to himself that
if ever he marries his wife should have a cunt like this. Softly he fondled his
sisters inner folds.

"That's all folks" he said slapping Sheila's ass "and now, before you leave
finger yourself whilst mom is going to give me a blowjob. Ms Burns kneeled in
front of her son and taking his shaft out of his trousers, she started the
humiliating task. How on earth had it come to this? She thought. She remembered
how shy she reacted when Mr. Anand first touched her breasts. Now she couldn't
remember his words, but what he told her reassured her in permitting him this
kind of touching, even in front of her husband.

She remembered her husband bringing home female co-workers and Mr. Anand feeling
her up and making her cum whilst Andy toyed with and fucked his colleagues.
Normal. They were colleagues and they should understand each other. She
remembered visiting him at office, greeting Bossy at the entrance and seeing the
female worker on their kneeling devices or servicing their male colleagues. Till
here nothing abnormal. She remembered the Annislavery party and even there
nothing strange happened. Why did she feel so humiliated having to suck her
son's dick?
She needed Mr. Anand's advise. And with that thought she doubled her efforts and
soon got the first prize, swallowing it.
Sheila and Isabel, absolute against their will, obediently stood there fingering
their slits. Sheila was near orgasm when she and her sister were dismissed, but
she didn't dare to ask her brother to permit her finish. To speak was not
allowed any more.
The Smith

Marco was the happiest boy on earth when he awoke that Sunday. He made Mary
climb into his bed and powerful he fucked his sister, twice. Than he made her
clean his cock with her mouth and dressed to have breakfast.

Mary didn't sleep well chained to her brother's bed. She slept cause the party
day had been very stressing for her, both emotional and physically. Still she
hadn't assumed the magnitude of the changes. Yesterday morning she was a normal
16 years old girl preparing for a party, yesterday afternoon she became a naked
toy for her former friends and today it seemed she was her brother's slave.

When Emily came to unfasten her daughter, Mary knew that the changes were deeper
as she thought.
Her mother was dressed as an oversexed caricature of a French maid.
She wore mega-high heeled white boots till the knee, a white tutu ending at ass
level, a tight white corset, lifting, not hiding her tits, an enormous white
ball-gag and a nurse cap. From her lying position Mary saw her mother's freshly
shaved cunt.

Marco, his son, Victor and Imelda were having breakfast when Emily and Mary
entered the kitchen.
Emily was a picture on her own but Mary was second to none. She was gagged and
dressed as for school but her skirt was rolled up and fixed fully exposing her
sex and her blouse was transparent putting her tits on show.

Marco jr. despite he had fucked twice that morning got an erection, a hard one.
Marco senior whistled aloud, Victor applauded and only Imelda didn't seem to
enjoy the view. Ashamed she lowered her view. On the party and in the car she
enjoyed humiliating her former friend, but know cooled down, when she looked at
them she felt like seeing her future. She too was female, and it seems she was
overdressed.

During the day Marco Jr. got bolder, from occasionally brushing her ass he
passed to openly pat and knead it. Imelda didn't dare to fight back. On Sunday
night only the Smith women had been thoroughly fucked by the three men, but
Imelda's body seemed also free to be toyed with. Still dressed, for dinner she
stood between the Marcos for them to feel her up. The toyed with her slit and
pinched her nipples or smacked her ass, talking as if nothing. Meanwhile Mary
and Imelda were under the table blowing their father and son, respectively.
Victor enjoyed the rear view of the kneeling women, and not only the view.

On Tuesday the Cash picked up Susan and went home. Susan wore the party dress.
She didn't seem changed in any way, but she had been changed. She had learned
how fuckable she was, and to not forget her Status she had to wear the
clit-string whenever she was out. But not only wear it, her orders were clear:
each morning she had to find a MALE (different to her husband) to attach the
string and each afternoon another one to release it. Only the though of it made
her blush. To phone a neighbor or a coworker to ask him if he would be so kind
to finger a little bit at her cunt was a thought she couldn't bear. She was
judge. And very respected, till now.

Six weeks to elections

A general meeting was to be held that Monday at ten in the morning. And it was
very general cause not only the employees but also their families were invited.
The new meeting room had been prepared for it.
A lot of chairs and a bigger lot of kneeling devices waited there to be used.
All of them knew Peter's intentions of becoming Mayor. For ten days now, the
office seemed more the headquarters of the newly founded party M.A.N. ( Moral
and National) than an office.
The official reason was primly one: fund-raising

At ten thirty started the meeting. The room was full. A little rostrum with a
big table and three chairs had been installed. Peter occupied the middle one, to
his left sat Andy and to his right Padma. Fixed by her clit-string to a hook in
the table, next to Padma, stood Susan naked, bound and gagged. Her pour clit had
been enlarged by the constant pulling of the devilish string.

When the first morning she called her neighbor to come over a moment to help her
fixing a string, she thought she was going to die of shame. But she didn't and
her neighbor very enthusiastically help her in that task fondling at kneading
this wonderful woman at his whim. After him the whole street helped her to
attach or detach the string, they even tossed for it. Two or three days later
they establish the habit of fucking her afterwards, without asking her for her
opinion. They showed up even two or three together or bringing their boys and
she had to endure the humiliations of getting a clit-string and being fucked
whenever they wished. On Sunday the boys showed up alone and had a great time
fucking her.

But at work and for the general public she still was the respectable Judge Cash.
Susan looked at the people in the room and recognized many of them. There was
her husband, dressed in his best suit and her daughter kneeling naked on the
wooden edge. Next to her sat Eric and his two sisters wearing only a dog collar
also kneeling on a device. She recognized some other kneeling women and some
other sitting men. Only Bossy was not there. She was in her kennel at the door.

"Ladies and gentleman" started Peter "thank you for coming today" He went on
speaking for half an hour till he reached the main point. Fundraising. He told
his staff he is going to sell the company to a Japanese invest company ensuring
their jobs. He also told them he is going to sell some capital goods, the Tokyo
Inv. Company does not need.
"I've found private investors for some of these goods. Our computers will go to
a school, our desks to a bank, Rebeccum is going to adorn the hall of a bird
lover, Megafun was bought by a Mexican customer, and finally Freefuck will be
her former law teacher's personal pet." As for Paola she belongs to the company
and now to the Japanese. Satisfied he reclined and looked at his staff. The sold
women looked shocked, but gagged as they were, there was little they could do.
Their husbands seemed a little bit worried, but not really stroke.

"The natural owner, of course" started Padma "will perceive a gratification" He
stood up went over to Marco.
"I've talked to the football team of Mary's school" he said kneading this latter
tit " and they've shown interest in hiring her..." Mary was devastated. Since
the party she had been caught in a descending spiral she hadn't been able to
stop, but to be rented out like a whore was too much.

The humiliation she endured at the party was reinforced next morning being
fucked by her own brother.
Than she and her mother had to parade around like porno-stars and permit any
present male to grope or fuck them. On Monday, at school, it hadn't been her
brother but Isabel who ashamed her. All her friends, including Isabel, were
chattering in a corridor when she came out of her English class.
"Mary" shouted Isabel "come and join us" Hesitantly she joined the group just to
find out Isabel was telling her performance at the party. The girls didn't know
if they could believe Isabel but the boys showed real interest.
"Mary, greet us" insisted Isabel.
If given the option she would have chosen death. But she had to perform. Shyly
she kissed Isabel, permitting her to feel her up in front of all her friends.
Then she kissed the next girl, then the other, when she reached the boys, all of
them were spotting erections and all of them were eager fondling her. Finally
she had to flash her naked sex to them , which made two of the boys wet their
trousers. The kneeling down was a relief, as she escaped the fumbling hands. In
this last two weeks not a single boy at school at only few girls missed the
possibility of fondling her. To her greater dismay this continuous attentions
made her wet, making her feel a total slut. They made her greet all of them each
morning, and they showed no inhibitions in touching her. School had been hard,
but to officially be a hired whore was even worse.

After some more examples they started explaining the strategy and advertising
campaign. The main idea was to make the male voters believe that with Peter in
the city hall they would regain some power both, home and at business. The
female voters were told that at least there will be again a M.A.N who cares for
them.
The campaign was to be reinforced by constants meetings hold by Peter and Padma.
Susan was also an active member and would be used ( in more than one way) to win
the confidence of the feminist thinking women.
 Not even two weeks later the campaign started. They had collected enough money
not to win elections, but to buy the whole city.

Face to Face

The day before Peter had arranged an informal dinner between the both leaders
and their seconds. In a small restaurant he had Miss Bengtsson three full hours
submitted to Padma's power whilst he himself talked about flimsy arguments with
Mr. Marcus Aster.

The local TV greeted both candidates when they entered their installations.
Peter dressed totally black, Anna wore a dark blue suit with some light blue
stripes. The color and design were conservative, but the pants were too tight,
Anand's influence. It sculpted all her female forms. Her round ass only
partially hidden by the jacket was followed be the camera when leaving for the
platform. When reaching it, it was another cameraman who send her frontal view.
Pretty with her blonde long hair, her blue eyes and she shyly smile at the
camera, then the cameraman focused on her clearly visible slit

Ten minutes later the debate was in full swing, and it was Anna's turn to speak.
"Mr. Wilkinson I would like to believe you want to become Mayor for the city's
benefit, but I do not. I've being studying your backgrounds and I've reached the
conclusion your targets are egoistic. You acquired the company you worked at,
just to sell it for your own benefit." Peter sighted with relief. She was not
going to talk about Bossy. Anna went on talking and accusing him, but nothing to
worry about. Finally she finished saying "And I'm sure you'll use the post, if
you ever get it, only in your own gain"

"Dear Miss Bengtsson , or may I call you Anna?. Why are you talking about me and
not about your project. Cause there is no project. You accuse me that everything
I do is for my own advantage. This is a lie and as a liar I'm going to correct
you later. First: I'm selling my company to become Mayor. Can you tell me were
the benefit is. It's my own money, my own job, my people. The Japanese only
needed one person of my female staff and I've worked hard to find a place for
them." He had to smile. The image of Frida (freefuck) playing with Bossy, both
bitches naked on their fours, in his garden, whilst he and the professor were
having coffee crossed his mind. The public took his smile as if he had landed an
ace." It was my money and my time I invested in it and you tell publicly on TV
that I'm an egoist, you are a liar, and you will be corrected" He went on and on
and each time he told her she would be corrected. Anna didn't know why, but
whenever she heard that word a certain nerve tickled in her brain (or was it her
sex).
During her turn her speech did not hang together at all and Peter went on
'correcting' her during his.
"Didn't your father tell you to stay to your word?" Peter asked rhetorically
"and that for lies you get corrected or better" he corrected himself "punished?
Don't you know I can report you for defamation and even have you jailed? I'm not
going to do it, but I think you've earned yourself a small corrective."

Miss Bengtsson was sweating profusely and didn't know what to do, the people in
the hall and in front of the TV set were silent waiting for her Mayoress to say
something. But it was Peter who talked again:
"Annie, come her and ask be to smack your bottom in order to forgive your guilt
and not report you."
The hall went loud but not everyone disagreed with such a radical measure. Miss
Bengtsson couldn't believe her ears. Did he really ask to let him spank her
there, on TV? No impossible, but why the hell is she so silent and so damned
randy. I've to do something, she thought; but unless permitting him spanking
her, she got no other idea. If only Mr. Marcus Aster were there to help her.
Suddenly she realized her seconds name: he was M.Aster , Master, perhaps her
Master...Why am I thinking such a rubbish...

"Miss Bengtsson are you going to come here for me to spank you or do you prefer
the police taking you to jail" It was Peter who interrupted her thoughts.

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





