BDSM Library - The Mysterious Redhead




The Mysterious Redhead
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Charles Hampton walked the fogged streets of Whitechapel, and in a Lodging House, he discovers a secret that he's keep buried in the depths of his soul. He discovers a new world had opened for him.
	The Mysterious Redhead

	By

	Hunter and Fawn

	

	The sound of the carriage wheels on the old cobblestones echoed
throughout the darkness. The London fog slowly rolled down the streets into the
alleyways giving the night a chill that could send a shiver down a sailor's
back. The ladies of the evening in their feathered hats stood under the street
lamps, trying to entice customers into the areas of darkness to practice their
trade. The voices mixed with music that drifted from the Pubs as patrons opened
the doors to leave or enter the establishments. The East part of London was
known for its wild life, and sometimes danger that lurked the streets. The
London papers had been filled with the murders of the prostitutes who walked
along the streets of Whitechapel. The publications had named their killer Jack
the Ripper from the letters they had received from the mass murder.

	Charles Hampton walked down the street with his eyes trying to penetrate
the darkness. The ladies under the lamps cut their eyes at him in suspicion, and
then reached out toward him with a smile on their face. Charles dressed in his
derby, his long coat, and his cane in hand moved away from the ladies in
protest. "No thank you ladies."

	The wheels on the cobblestone of an approaching large black coach drew
Charles's attention. The driver calling out, and pulling back on the reins to
stop the Coach in front of the Lodging House across the street. The large black
coach resembled wealth, which was something you rarely saw in Whitechapel.
Charles hurried to cross the street just in time to see the Driver open the
door. A person dressed in black cloak with a hood that covered the head of the
person exiting the coach, and disappears into the Lodging House. He could tell
how by the way they walked, and moved it had been a woman of class.

	Curiosity starting to burn inside Charles, he entered to see were the
elegant Lady would be going in a neighborhood like Whitechapel. Inside, the lady
was no where to be seen, but behind the desk stood a large blonde woman several
years his senior. Charles had never been in one of these places, so he had no
idea what to expect. There were rumors on the street if a bloke had the money;
he could buy anything at anytime.

	"Hello Sir, what can I do for you," the Blond asked with a smile coming
across her chubby face.

	"Oh, I'm just looking," Charles said, looking around to see if he could
get a glimpse of the woman he saw getting out of the Coach.

	"Sir, we do have a menu if your undecided," said the Blond in a cockney
voice. She picked up a card from her desk to hand to Charles.

	"Oh, I'm not sure I know what I want," said Charles in protest. If she
knew he was there to find the identity of the woman she might throw him out. He
would just play it by ear until he found out where she had disappeared.

	"Maybe you would like to see a bit, you know to wet the appetite," said
the Blond, looking up at Charles giving him a wink. She walked out from behind
the desk, heading down the hallway with her large backside moving from one side
to the other. The Blond stopped mid ways of the long hallway, moving a picture
to one side. "This is Candy, she has sweet delights."

	Charles placed his eye to the hole in the wall and inside the room a
busty naked blond laid on a love seat with her hands slowly sliding down her
naked body. She parted her legs, and slowly slipped the artificial shaft through
the think black pubic hair, into the fold of her pussy. The blond closed her
eyes as pleasure crossed her young pretty face. "No...don't think it would be
something I would be interested in." Charles voice cracked with surprise from
what he had seen in the room.

	"Then maybe you would be interested in something else," said the chubby
blond with a smile. The Blond moved to the next picture on the wall, moving it
to one side.

	Inside the second room a brunette set on a large canopy bed, with a
large object that resembled like a man's cock. She gently rubbed the artificial
instrument over her breast, teasing her taunt nipples. The brunette closed her
eyes as she spread her legs wide, and moved the cock slowly down her body. The
tip of the shaft slipped over the woman's clit before spreading the lips, and
slipping into her hot wetness. A moan escaped the woman's lips intensified the
pleasure on her face. The warmth deep inside Charles started to stir. "She is
very appetizing, but still, looking for something more, " said Charles with a
smile.

	"I see you're a gentleman with proper up bringing, maybe you want
something a little more naught," said the old Blond, giving Charles a sly grin
with a wink.

	"Please show me more sweet lady," said Charles, lifting his cane, and
pointing further down the hall. Charles had never seen these sights before, and
never knew such places existed in London, and did not know there were such
ladies.

	The Old Lady moved further down the hall, and moving another picture
aside, "This might be more to your taste then." The Old Lady looked up at
Charles with a smile, nodding for him to look.

	Inside the room was a table with different instruments of torture, and
on the far wall hung metal wrist shackles. The opening of the door to the side
caught Charles attention. A figure wearing a hood and cloak that looked like
what he seen step from the coach enter into the room. The only skin visible was
bare feet beneath the edge of the dark garment. The driver steps in behind her,
leading her to the other side of the room, facing toward Charles. The Driver
also dressed black, stepped behind her, and pulled the cloak from her shoulders
to reveal her naked body.

	The site of her beauty took Charles's breath. She was n common
prostitute who walked the streets, but rather a lady with up bringing, and
training from London's aristocrats. The leather mask that covered her head,
showing a glimpse of red hair close to the base of her neck. Charles's eyes
slowly traveled her beautiful body admiring her creamy white skin. The soft
mounds of her breast nicely rounded with small pink areolas with darker taunt
nipples. His eyes dropped down to the sparse red hair; that did little to cover
her womanhood. "Yes...Yes. I like this one," said Charles, still looking through
the small peephole.

	"She's a naughty slut, who needs to be disciplined," breathed the old
blonde with a grin on her lips.

	The fire deep inside Charles started to stir, and his cock jerked inside
his trousers. He had never felt so excited, and never realized the thought of
spanking the bare bottom of a beautiful woman would be so stimulating. "Yes, she
is a slut, and she needs to be taught a lesson," Charles answered.

	"Follow me sire," said the old Lady. The blond walked around the corner
to a door. "Let me have your things sire."

	Charles removed his derby, overcoat, jacket, and handed the items over
to the old woman. After taking a deep breath, Charles entered the room. The
beauty still standing in the place with her head bowed.  At first Charles had no
idea what to do, but the more he thought; the more things came to mind what he
wanted to do to the most desirable wench. "Come slut," ordered Charles, grabbing
her by the wrist.

	"Be merciful sir, I beg you," whimpered the beauty from behind the mask
that covered her face.

	"Bitch you don't deserve mercy, you've been naughty, you have to pay,"
Charles roared Charles in a demanding voice. He jerked the lady's body to the
wall, latching her wrist into the high on a wall. Charles stood back, looking at
her arms extended above her head, her long sexy body dangling before him. It
surprised Charles of the animal instincts that had emerged from him, and the
strong desire it inflict the beauty before him with pain.

	"Please Sir, I will be good, I promise," the redheaded beauty with her
head back. The green eyes looked at him through the holes in the mask, and they
seemed to be filled with hunger and lust, and begging for attention.

	Charles reached over taking the riding crop from the table, "It's too
late, you're a cheap slut that needs to be taught a lesson." The whole room
echoed with Charles's voice. Charles turned her body against the wall so her
sexy ass faced him. He lifted the crop; he swung it around, and the sound of
leather coming in contact with flesh echoing throughout the room.

	"Oh Gawd, " the beauty screamed out with her body stiffening, and
twisting with pain.

	The whelp from the crop turned the cheek of her ass to soft red. Charles
reached down, running his hand across the warmth of her flesh and his finger
tracing the red lines that raised higher on her skin. The new feeling of power
and control excited him like he had never experienced before. The urge to
inflect pain and to hear the pleading in her voice fed the fire that now raged
deep inside him. Charles raised the crop, coming down harder on her flesh. The
redhead threw her hooded head back as her body wrenched in anguish as she tired
to deal with the pain that rushed to her brain. "Yes slut, you will learn that
your Master is in control, you will submit to my wishes." The strength in
Charles's voice echoed in the room, giving the slut little doubt he had complete
control of her thoughts and her body.

	Again he came down on her body with the crop, and her screams became
louder with each contact of the leather against her tender white flesh.  He
could only imagine of the face of anguish that must be on her face under the
hood that hid more of her beauty, and that also hid identity from him. The
thought she might be a Lady of Society, or a wife, even a mother excited him
even more. Charles did not question the new feelings that stirred in him. His
cock became harder from her cries in pain, and pressed tightly against the front
of his trousers. Charles reached down, spreading the cheeks of her ass to see
the dark opening of her asshole, and the beginning of the fold of her pussy.

	"Please sir, the pain is horrible, so degrading and embarrassing," she
whimpered in a tearful voice.

	"You're a slut, all I see is holes for a man to take his pleasures,"
Charles answered in a lust filled voice. Charles twisted the redhead's body
around to gaze at her breast. "You have nice breast slut." Charles picked up the
nipple clamps from the table, and lifting them so the hooded redhead could see
the interesting instruments.

	"Oh please sir, don't...please sir, this is cruel, and it's to painful,"
she pleaded.

	"You need to feel pain slut, it reminds you of my power, and my
control," Charles said, placing both clips on her taunt nipples.

	"Oh my gawd, please take them off sire, please," she pleaded, her body
twisting to deal with the pain that now raced through her.

	Charles turned her back to the wall with her ass facing him. He raised
the crop, coming down on her ass again. Each blow made the cheeks of her ass
redder, and each scream excited him even more. The whelps on her ass becoming
higher, and more purple on her flesh. The fire inside him now raced through
every fiber of his body. His heart started to pound with excitement and his
breath labored from the lust filled his body. No longer able to control himself,
he dropped his trousers and his large throbbing cock standing erect sprang out
from his fly. A moan escaped his lips with his shaft being caressed by the
coolness of the room air.  He spread the cheeks of her now red ass, and placing
the blunt head of his cock at the opening of her asshole.

	"Oh please sir, don't, I've never, oh please," she protested. The
redhead twisted her body trying to avoid his hard throbbing probing member.

	The more the she struggled, the more exited Charles became, and his cock
became harder with anticipation of feeling her warm body around his shaft.
Charles grabbed her twisting body by the hips, pushing the head of his cock
against the tender flesh of her asshole. No longer aware of the world around
him, he pressed harder the head of his cock against the protesting flesh.

	"Don't, no, please don't!" The Redhead screamed out the words as her
body stiffened from the penetration.

	The redhead's legs became weak from the pain that rippled through her
body. Charles used his hands to hold her body into position so he could maintain
the pressure against her tight asshole. Her body stiffened from the sudden
release of the tension, and his cock slipped into the depths of her asshole. The
redhead's screams echoed throughout the room, making the assault on her body
more exciting for Charles. His heart pounded, his breath labored, and without
mercy he slammed his cock into her ass. Every thrust forcing her body against
the wall, like an old rag doll being thrown around by a disobedient child.

	The sounds of pleasure replaced the pain, and her body started to move
to meet his thrusting cock. "Yes master, fuck my ass, fuck me hard, you know
what I need. I'm your slut, your bitch, your whore." The redhead screamed out
the words in a lust filled voice that was mixed with pain. "Please let me cum
Master, please," she pleaded.

	"Sluts don't cum without their Master's permission," Charles breathed in
a labored voice. He looked down to see his hard throbbing cock disappearing
between the crack of her ass. No longer able to control the passion, his body
stiffened as the fire exploded in his balls, sending his hot cum deep into the
depths of her ass. Each jerk of his cock sent another wave of spewing cum into
her body. "Yes...yes...fill you slut ass with my cum you bitch." Charles had
never lost control of his passion, and for the first time the words rolled out
without thought of what he had said. "Cum you slut...fill your pussy with your
cum."

	"Oh Master," the Redhead screamed out. Her body pressed back toward
Charles to receive the reward of her Master. Her body stiffened, and in a series
of gasps, moans and her body jerking, it became evident the intense pleasure
rocked her body.

	The whole wold seemed to stand still for Charles. At that moment, he
could have lived a lifetime of sexual fulfillment. He had never experienced the
lust that had rushed through his body to feed the fire of his passion. Charles
leaned forward; kissing the mysterious woman's red curls at the bottom of the
hood that covered her head. He reached up, unclasping the shackles from her
wrist. He held her weak body, lowering it to the base of the wall. He looked
down at the exhausted body at his feet, and he knew the world would never be the
same for him. He would always be a Master, and no longer be satisfied without
the control and the power over another.

	After pulling up his trousers, Charles bent to his knees, wrapping his
arms around her naked body. He pulled her to him, placing her head on his
shoulder. Her breath still labored, and her body still shaking from the effects
of her intense climax, he pulled her tighter to his body. She would never know
the gift she had given him this night, and how she had introduced him to world
of erotic pleasures that would change his life forever. "Thank you," Charles
whispered.

	The Redhead lifted two fingers to his lips to stop the word, "No, it
should be me, who should give thanks,"

	Charles lowered her body to her feet, and she pushed him away. She
picked up her cloak to cover her naked body, and then walked out of the room
without looking back.

	Not knowing what to say or do, Charles walked from the room. Outside the
old Blond stood holding his derby, coat and cane. He started to ask the name of
the redhead, but second thought maybe it was better to stay a mystery. In his
own mind, she could be whoever he wanted her to be. One thing he knew for sure,
it would be an experience he would never forget. Charles stepped out on the
London fogged street, adjusting his collar to protect him from the night damp
air. Charles disappeared into the fog looking for a coach to take him back to
the Westside of London.

	

	THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hunters Fawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





