BDSM Library - Poker Night




Poker Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Andi is a nurse who finds her every hole forcibly used when Poker Night takes on a new meaning.
Poker Night

By

Rhetoric



You can read this and many other stories for free at

http://www.geocities.com/master_kinkstop/mainpage.html



Andi opened the door to Jim's apartment to see him sitting on his couch watching
porn videos and stroking his erect cock. She smirked and threw off her blue
scrubs as she headed towards the bathroom. "At it again, dear? Looks like I'll
have to take care of that after I get out of the shower."

"You do that, little girl. I'll be right here taking care of my own bad self"

"Bad indeed, you nasty man," Andi called from the shower as the water started
running. She put her hands on the far wall of the shower and stood on the balls
of her feet straining calves feeling the water run from her shoulders all the
way down her back and legs. The warm spray hit her pussy and caused her to
wriggle and moan in pleasure. Images of Jim's cock manifested in her mind as her
pussy lips opened up and her clit swelled with blood and stiffened. She eased
back down and soaped her body up and ran her greedy hands all over herself. She
was a tall girl and had large breasts. Her black hair was long and shiny and had
to be put up with pins when she worked. Andi hefted her breasts and after
watching the water rinse the soap off of them she fed them to herself. She drew
her right nipple into her mouth and lightly bit it as her tongue flicked it up
and down. Then as her pussy began to drip down her legs along with the shower
water she took her other nipple into her mouth and sucked it harder than the
other biting it and chewing it. She sagged against the shower wall as her hands
kneaded and squeezed her breasts.

The water began to get cold and reluctantly Andi shut it off, got out of the
shower and toweled herself dry. She wrapped the damp towel around her wet hair
and walked out into Jim's living room to see him still engrossed in his movie.
She sat down on his lap blocking his view. "Now isn't their something else you
could find that would be a bit more interesting then TV?"

"Oh I think I might be able to find something to catch my interest." Jim picked
Andi up and pulled her close to his erect cock. As big as she was he was far
bigger. Lifting weights and swimming had made him into a chiseled block of
stone. His hands teased Andi over his cock head. Her red cunt lips brushed him
and she tilted her head back and moaned. Jim gave her ass the pinch and slap
that she knew was his just as his fingerprints were his and his alone.  Then she
snapped her head forward and looked at him and his brown eyes stared into her
green ones. She broke away from his gaze and for the first time noticed all of
the snacks that were laid out as if for a party.

"Oh Jim you aren't going to have those asshole friends of yours over again, are
you?"

"Oh, honey I wish you wouldn't call them that. They really like you, you know.
Besides it is poker night"

"Well I don't like them and if they come over tonight I am leaving. They are
losers and when you hang around with them you act like a loser too."

"Oh really? Well I don't think I'll allow that. No ma'am. I think what you need
is to get to know my friends a bit better. Then you might like them more."

Jim brought a pair of handcuffs out from under a pillow on the couch and quickly
snapped them on Andi's wrists. She reddened and struggled against the cuffs as
Jim held her down kneeling over his cock. "You let me go this instant! I am
going to scream if you don't let me go you bastarmmmmmmf!"

Jim had shoved a big red rubber ball gag into Andi's mouth and as he hugged her
naked body to him he buckled it around the back of her head.  "Now when my
friends get here treat them right, nursie. If you don't you are going to get a
prescription Dr. Jim has prepared and it won't be pleasant; for you that is."
Just then the door opened and ten men came into the apartment one after the
other as if in cue. They all stood around grinning as Andi made "mmmphh
mmmmppphh" noises and struggled to hide her tits and pussy from their gaze. "Now
kitten, we are going to uncuff you and dress you up. Struggle if you like. We
are very strong and there are a lot of us. Now listen close. We are going to
dress you up nursie and then we are going to put you in bondage and then you are
going to have to take care of us." Jim tore the towel off of Andi's head and
slapped her hard on the face twice.



Jim gestured to two of his friends who took the kicking struggling girl up off
of him and uncuffed her. They held her arms as Jim brought a box out from behind
the couch and opened it. That's what nurses are for right? Taking care of
people? Well we have a swelling down between our legs and your pretty mouth is
going to take care of each and every one. First though we need to put you in
uniform." Jim reached into the box and brought out a rubber garment. It was
white and shiny and had a red cross over the left breast. He handed it to one of
the men and he unzipped it.

Andi's eyes popped wide open and she pulled and kicked but she knew that she was
lost as soon as she felt the strength of the men holding her. The man holding
her right arm forced it through the right sleeve of the rubber dress and then
the man holding her left arm pressed it through the left sleeve. All the while
Andi was held helpless and struggling. She moaned as she felt a third man
zipping the tight confining rubber dress up behind her. The zipper started at
the hem and went all the way up to the high neck of the sheath. Andi felt hot
already as the rubber captured her body heat. Her twisting made the rubber
squeeze and stretch around her hourglass figure. The dress had short sleeves and
the skirt only went down as far as her pussy, which could be easily seen.

"Oh, you look lovely dearest, almost ready to blow everyone in the room. What is
missing? Oh yes. Stockings, high heels and gloves. We can't have a fetish nurse
without those, can we?" Jim threw a rubber garter and stockings to his friends
who put them on the humiliated girl. The forced her feet through the garter belt
and after partly unzipping the dress from the bottom they fastened it around her
waist. Then it was the work of a moment to roll Andi's stockings up and clip
them to her garter belt. Her white stiletto heels were slipped on her feet and
secured there with their ankle straps. As a final humiliation long whit rubber
opera gloves were pulled onto Andi's arms almost up to the short sleeves of her
confining dress.

"Perfect, Nurse Andi. Now we put you in my stocks. I had the day off today so I
went to the hardware store and bought some nice wood. Take a look. I hope you
like what I built because you are going to be well acquainted with it over the
next few hours." Jim wheeled out a wooden device that looked like a short little
wall with three holes in it. One of the holes was larger than the other two. Two
of the men forced Andi to kneel in front of the contraption and Jim undid a
latch on its side opening it up.  The top of the wall swung up and it was
revealed that the holes were not complete but were formed only by the top of the
stock closing down on the bottom. The men pulled Andi's wrists and head into the
bottom halves of the holes and then Jim swung the top of the stock down on top
of her. He put a padlock on the latch locking her in.

"Get used to that position, bitch. You are going to learn to love it." Jim took
a little nurse's hat and carefully pinned it to Andi's hair. She struggled to
keep her balance and found that she could only do so if her ass was slightly
tilted up exposing her pussy and asshole. She moaned through the ball gag as the
men joked about her position and how haughty she usually was. This went on for
an hour as the men became drunk and their demeanor turned cruel. They never
touched her and seemed to be waiting for a cue from Jim, but that in a way
seemed worse. Andi kept wondering when they were going to rape her and the
anticipation made her drip with cream, despite herself. The men each got beer
and food and sat around laughing and joking as Andi squirmed in her stocks.

Finally some of the men got a bit bored and began playing poker. The others
however had one eye on the porn video and the other on Andi as she fought to
stay comfortable in an uncomfortable position. "Andi looks hungry guys. Let's
give her something to eat too.' Jim grinned as he showed his friends the ring
gag he had bought earlier that day. He knelt next to Andi and put his face close
to hers. "Andi, baby I am going to put this ring in your big mouth and then we
can all use it for something worthwhile. Kneel and suck like a good head nurse
or I might have to whip you." Jim then removed Andi's ball gag and as two men
held her mouth open he put the big leather covered ring deep into her mouth. The
ring was large and forced her mouth open so that she could not help but drool on
the carpet. Jim spread a towel under her face and the whole room was treated to
her moaning.

Andi's head was about two feet from the floor and her mouth was spread painfully
wide as the ring fastened around her head by the leather strap held it in
tightly. Her vision was limited to the floor beneath her as she could not raise
her head and she screamed as she saw the naked cock shoved under nose. She tried
to twist her head out of the way, but when she did she felt a horrible pain. Her
boyfriend was whipping her ass with his belt. Each painful stroke had as its
brother a disturbingly abrupt slapping noise. Soon she knew she was hopelessly
beyond any degree of salvation and only moaned pitifully as the cock slid into
her mouth.

Andi's saliva greased up the leather ring and the cock in her mouth was soon
deep inside her. It pressed deep into the back of her throat and she clenched
her rubber gloved hands together as she strained to take it all. She gagged as
the mushroom shaped cock head pressed the back of her throat and teas began
rolling down her eyes. Hands gripped her head and soon she found that the man
was fucking her face. She wasn't licking or sucking but the man plunging deep
inside her did not seem to care. He just fucked her harder and faster letting
his cock get harder and longer. Soon he was so big that Andi could not help but
slide her tongue along the underside of his cock as he rifled in and out of her
mouth. Every time the gagging reflex hit her she found her tongue working
quickly and insistently on the underside of the thick angry invader.

Jim had stopped whipping Andi and was spreading her ass cheeks for some of his
friends to see.  She shifted nervously in the rubber stockings as she felt them
pull her legs apart and hold them there. Her cunt was growing sticky as she felt
their eyes upon her and the absence of their touching was driving her insane.

	

	"Look at her lips, guys. The really are quite beautiful. One might say
they look like a flower, but that is kind of trite. I prefer to think of them as
needy little fingers trying to hug any cock in their general vicinity deep
inside their whorish little embrace. Oh look she's starting to pump cream out
now all over the carpet." Jim put a glass under Andi's pussy and it began
filling up with juice from her dripping vagina. Andi was blushing and moaning as
the cock in her mouth fucked her and fucked her. She could feel her clitoris
poking out at the men behind her and it felt as if it were as big as a doorknob

Precum coated Andi's tongue and she knew that soon she was going to be drinking
the real thing. Her ass cheeks were spread wide and cool air was making her feel
very vulnerable. She forgot herself and gagged hard on the cock as it rammed
her. She gulped down hard several times as her closing throat squeezed the
cockhead like a hungry cunt.  Whoever owned the cock liked that. He liked it so
much he began growling and pumping his hips in and out. Andi's eyes bulged as
she felt her moth become nothing but a tube for pleasure. The brain encased
above it was useless to her now as she was restrained like an animal and fucked
like an object. What did it matter that the cock was pounding into the wrong
hole as it raced towards its orgasm?

Then she felt it and her cunt squeezed and pumped wildly. Hot white semen
spurted out of the monster inside her mouth just as it rammed deep to the back
of her throat. Andi felt herself open up and forced herself to relax to take as
much of the salty goo as she could. The voice above her was screaming as he
pounded his hips deep into her mouth. He was doing something purely for himself
and Andi's role was only that of thing. She was a thing to them all and as her
cunt lips were spread she knew that she was a thing that was going to be well
used before the night was over.

You can read this and many other stories for free at

http://www.geocities.com/master_kinkstop/mainpage.html

The rubber clung to her skin and caused her to start sweating. She felt hot and
wet and sticky as her cunt dripped cream into the glass under her and the cum
from the cock in her mouth filled her so that she could not swallow it all. She
felt like a perfect whore and as the man pulled out halfway through his orgasm
to shoot his remaining load on her cheeks and chin she knew that she was going
to look forward to the other cocks that were to be hers.

Just then the man got up and another cock was pushed under her nose.
Unceremoniously it was pressed deep into her mouth through the open portal of
her ring gag. She screamed as she felt the wet cock that had so recently been in
her mouth prodding her asshole. Andi had only recently begun playing with anal
sex, ever since she had begun going with Jim really, and she certainly never
thought she would be fucked there and most definitely not by a total stranger.
Or was it a stranger? Certainly Jim's friends were not that bad. Tony was nice.
Andi had noticed his body and the way jeans held his cock nicely when he wore a
tight pair. She found herself screaming over the cock as she thought about Tony
assfucking her. 

The probing of her asshole was steady and gentle. At first it was, that is. 
After the cock in her ass found its rhythm it move faster and hands gripped her
hips and spread her cheeks apart. The cock in her mouth was shorter but thicker
than the first and it barely fit into the ring gag. Andi could hardly take it
all the way into her mouth because its girth was enormous. She sucked and licked
it greedily thinking of Randy, Jim's law partner. He was a short man, but
muscular and this cock reminded her of him. She made love to it with he tongue
the way her body would make love to his. Her wrists strained against the wood of
the stock not out of fear or terror, but in a desire to get at more of the
wonderful cocks in her mouth and asshole.

The cock in her asshole thickened as she squeezed its lubed up shaft it spread
her wide and reached deep inside her. She felt herself being pushed up inside
herself as her insides gripped him hard and danced over his rigidity. It fucked
her harder and harder as she screamed. The men around her slapped her ass and
laughed at her because they thought she was screaming for mercy. She wasn't
screaming for mercy. She was screaming for more.

She stopped being dainty. Andi stopped teasing the cock in her mouth and
tickling it with her tongue. He was down to it now, down to the heart of it
where the juice flows and the honey tastes sweet. She was sucking that cock as
hard as she had ever sucked lemonade through a straw as a little girl sitting on
her front porch. She sucked it like deep into her and tried to keep it inside
her so it would never want to leave. But leave her it did more and more
regularly as it too pounded in and out of her suckhole towards its inevitable
explosive climax.

Andy grunted and growled as the assfucking she was getting affected her deeply.
The cock in her body was pulling at her cunt lips and making them rub against
her clit like tiny velvet buzz saws. The sensation was demonic because it made
her need to move when she could not. It made her want to cum, but she could not.
It was like that Greek water in mythology that only made thirstier and
thirstier. Indeed she was so thirsty for more delicious cum that she began
humming on the cock planted in her face. It stayed a bit longer because of that
and Andi smiled as best she could around her ring gag.

The cock in her ass had no intentions of resting comfortably, though. It was
drilling her harder and harder as it felt the squeezing that Andi was giving it.
Here Andi was no innocent, either. Although her legs were kept spread apart by
strong hands that grabbed her ankles her tight little asshole gripped its
playmate with an unearthly strength. She clenched down as hard as she could and
was rewarded with a howl and a furious pumping as the cock that was raping her
asshole released a flood of cum deep into her cunt. She felt like Sodom and
Gomorrah's best casino floorshow as she sucked the cum out of cock in her
asshole. It spent its last as it heated her up and before she had a chance to
mourn its loss another longer shaft was fucking her just as hard.

Then she lost her concentration and stopped humming. The cock in her mouth sped
up its assault and fucked her intensely until its veins bulged and it began
pumping load after load of creamy goo down her throat. The cock in her ass was
pounding her harder as it too wanted some of the ecstasy its brother had just
tasted. As it slammed deep into her Andi could feel the tight rubber nurse
outfit squeeze her body all over. Her thighs were encased and her waist was made
even more pronouncedly thin than it usually was. The dress was a joke and one at
her expense the tight rubber stretched over her ass and she could hear everyone
laughing at her. And then laughter was the least little thing on her mind as she
felt the pounding cock in her ass speed up and pour its hot seed deep into her.
She moaned and wished she could fuck it back. It was being so nice to her, so
delicious as it rubbed her cunt lips over her clit. But then it was over and she
was left without any cocks in her at all.

The sensation or lack thereof made her want to weep. She couldn't even beg for
cock because of her gag. All she could do was droll and moan as the rough hands
slapped her ass and pinched her nipples. She loved the caresses that played over
her rubber covered body and tried to accentuate her sexual openness by moaning
loader and spreading herself as widely as the hands holding her legs would let
her.

"Look at the pretty nurse. All terrorized by the mean gang of rapists." Jim
chuckled as his fingers moved in and out of Andi's mouth fucking her gently as
he spoke.  "Nurse I was wondering if you could teach us about human sexuality.
We have some things here and were wondering if you could tell us what they were.
Of course we aren't going to show them to you because that would be too easy.
Nooo, we want to see if you can guess what they are just by how they feel shoved
up your tight cunt."

Andi screamed, "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhoooooooooooo!" She could not move but tried
to anyway. God she needed a fucking but what would be putting inside her? She
did not need to wonder for long as she felt the first object slide into her. At
first it felt hard and thin, but as it went in it got bigger and bigger until
her cunt was straining and stretching. She was fighting to take more of it as it
pressed insistently inside her. Jim took off her gag. "What is it, nurse? Oh if
you guess wrong I will put a clothes pin on your body."

Andi did not know what was fucking her and could not concentrate well because
whatever it was it felt so god damned good. "Unh! Unh Goooddd! I guh guh guh
ooooooooooh!" Then she felt a horrible pinching on her left nipple and a sharp
shock to her already twitchy clit.

"No, dear it is a champagne bottle. Too bad, I hope you are enjoying that
clothes pin on your nipple. Now I want you to tell me what you think this is."
Andi felt the champagne bottle being removed from her and saw it placed in front
of her. She looked longingly at its cream covered surface. Then she felt
something big stretching her cunt widely. She was in horrible agony as it slid
in but it was good agony and she craved more of it. As the thing pressed inside
her the stretching subsided but she was completely filled inside. Every part of
her cunt was stretched out and rubbing this massive ball in her cunt. She begged
for it to fuck her harder, but all she got for her efforts was a slow metronomic
fucking. It went in and out and in and out slowly almost lovingly.

"What is it, nurse? Hmmmm? Can your talented cunt identify the mystery object
for us?" Andi grunted and groaned but once again could only answer with fuckme
fuckme noises. Another clothespin seized her right nipple. She screamed and
clutched. "Too bad nurseslut. That means another pin and no more of this." The
bulbous thing was ripped out of her and she cried for it to be shoved back in.
It too was put in front of her face and she moaned when she saw it was a bowling
pin. She moaned and drooled as the tip of the pin was placed under her nose. The
men laughed and joked as she gave it head of her own free will. Andi's lips
stretched over the wet sticky with head of the bowling pin and a cold feeling
made her shriek. It felt like her insides had just dropped ten degrees and the
cold feeling slid deep inside her.

"Any clues, bitch? Does our head nurse want to venture any guesses?" Andi was
about to guess ice, but then she stopped herself. She had to know where they
were going to pin her next and she knew the only way she was going to find out. 
She writhed as best she could on the cold lengths within her and facefucked the
bowling pin. The men around her felt her little body with its surplus of curves
and ran their hands across the rubber that stretched over her as if they were
smoothing their hand over the enamel of a new car.

"Look, the Nurse doesn't like her choice of profession. She cares more about
getting a good fuck and suck than health education. Well it's time to give her a
taste of what laziness begets. Andi felt her cunt lips lifted up and spread
apart. She moaned as the ice in her ass melted within it's plastic sheathes and
the taste of her own cum coated her mouth. Her moans turned to shrieks as a
clothespin bit her swollen throbbing clitoris hard. The pain was unbearable as
she fought not to twist too much. She was left like that as the men took
photographs of her. One of the men shoved a video camera two feet from her face
to capture her moaning face fucking agony.

"Smile for the camera, rubber nurse. Let everyone know what a whore you are."
Jim took the ice from her cunt and took her bowling pin away from her. He cut
the ends off the plastic sheathes and Andi saw that they were Otter Pops made
gooey by her creaming cunt walls. Jim squeezed the tart fruit juices into Andi's
mouth and as she sucked the mess down she licked the outside of the plastic and
her own cum.

Now let's all get ready to fuck her cunt. I want you guys to line up by length.
Fuck her good and hard and don't give her any mercy. I want our little rubber
nurse to get healthy rosy cheeks. Now pump her full of cum!" Jim removed andi's
clit pin and she screamed loudly. The men then got in a line and the one in
front began slapping Andi's rubber covered ass as he pounded her cunt with his
cock. He was on the edge as soon as he had gotten inside her because he had been
waiting for a long time for his pleasure. As soon as her grateful cunt muscles
began working him over and over he screamed and began piston pumping in and out
of her as hard as he could.

Both screamed as his cm sprayed her cunt hard and he collapsed on his back on
the carpet exhausted. The next man was slightly thicker and longer. He was still
a nice fit and fucked Andi for so long that others were getting jealous and
slapping Andi's ass and pulling her nipple pins. Finally he to felt his crisis
approach and pounded away at Andi's battered cunt walls until he creamed her
deep inside. It went on like this for hours as man after man jammed deep inside
her increasingly swollen cunt. They fucked her. They fucked her good and still
she needed more.

She felt wave after wave of cum hitting her cunt and was filled up to such a
point that she was dripping cum out of her cunt because she couldn't hold
anymore. Her rubber clad thighs were glistening with the combination of her and
her rapists juices. She twisted in her hot sticky dress and wished she could go
to work this way. Sleek, shiny and wanton Andi wanted to be bent over unused
beds all day long. She knew she was not thinking properly as the pounding in her
pussy made her lose her mind. Still she could not help but give in as a powerful
vibrator was taped over her clit. She strained at the wooden stocks. Her wrists
were simply trapped as was her neck and she felt like she was a town harlot
getting everything she deserved.

"Gooooooood godddddddd fuck my cuuunt! Andi screamed as she underwent pounding
after pounding. It took so long for the nine men to cum in her cunt that some
had recovered by the time their turn came back around and were fucking her
again. Jim lay down on the carpet under her face and smiled up at her. "How do
you like my friends now, dearest?"

"I . . . I . . . looooooooooooove themmmmmmmm! Guh . . . fuh . . . fuck
meeeeeeeee!"

"Good. I am glad you have come around. See my friends and I thought you might be
getting a bit snooty and at our last poker night we discussed having you serve
as the entertainment tonight. Understand that you will be doing this every
night, nursie. You will be available for that, yes?" Andi nodded as quickly as
she could until her nurse's hat fell off and her hair fell down around her face.
"Ooooooh godddddddddddddd, fuck me forevahhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmm!"

"Excellent. I think that as my friends are busy busting your little cunt I will
plug your mouth. I know how much you love drinking cum. Now suck it all down and
we will let you go." Jim got up and bucked his hips deep into Andi's mouth. His
cock was big and thick. It was hot and burned her as it went deep into her.
There was no ring gag in her mouth so Andi was able to press her thick lips all
over the fleshy shaft as it raped her lips over and over again.

She sucked her cheeks in tightly to make a pussy of her mouth and slid her
tongue up and down as quickly as she could. She felt his hands grip her head
hard but as she worked his cock over with her soft lush lips and tongue she felt
him stroke her bulging cheeks and hair. Screams issued forth from her mouth as
the vibrator touched of dynamite on her clitoris. Her cunt was so slippery men
were thrusting into it as hard as they could the first time they lined up behind
her. Their dry cocks made wet as they cut her open like a knife into ripe fruit.

Jim felt himself get ready to explode and once again grabbed Andi's captive head
in his hands as he pounded her wiling mouth with his battering ram. He fucked
her harder and harder as she accepted him more and more readily. Jim looked down
and saw cum dripping from her face as she stuck her tongue out to lick his
balls.

Andi dripped juice and cum into the cup under her as orgasm afterr orgasm ripped
through her body. She pressed her lips down hard on Jim's cock and whipped her
tongue over him praying he would release his sweet cum into her mouth. The
tonguing was too much for Jim and he thrust quickly in and out of Andi until his
balls filled with cum and he could contain himself no longer.

"Urrrrrraaaaaaaahhhhhh!" Jim yelled as his pumping cock shot hot cream down
Andi's gulping throat. She moaned as she drank and her current rapist pressed
into her hard. He felt her cunt grab him like hot wet rubbery jellyfish and he
too came deep within her slippery walls.

Everyone heaved a collective sigh as Jim let Andi loose from her stocks. She was
stood up by two of Jim's friends and forced to lean back while still on her
knees. The cup of cum, both hers and Jim's friends', was pressed to her lips by
her lover. As it was tilted back Andi drank it heartily in one long steady pull.
It tasted like nothing she had ever had before. It tasted like freedom. When she
finished Jim took her into the bathroom as the men dressed. He cleaned her pussy
and asshole and brushed her teeth and kissed her deeply for many minutes.

"Hi everyone." Andi was still wearing the rubber outfit and serving beer to the
men as they played cards. They smiled at her lovingly and more than one man
kicked Jim under the table shooting him jealous glances. She made a show of
bending over for things and wiggled as she walked. The men, each and every one
of them, paid her the supreme compliment of being viciously erect the entire
night and playing cards very badly.

As Andi passed by Jim on the way to the kitchen for more beer he hooked her arm
and looked at her meaningfully. "How are you dear?" Andi smiled and went into
the kitchen leaving the door open so that only he could see her. She knelt down
on the cold linoleum and put her hands on the floor in front of her. Wordlessly,
she lowered her head slowly to the ground and kept it there until Jim looked
away just in time to see that he had been dealt a straight flush, queen high.



The End



If you liked this story please read more like it at:

http://www.geocities.com/master_kinkstop/mainpage.html




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Rhetoric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





