BDSM Library - Dominating Charlene




Dominating Charlene
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is two stories of Charlene as she learns that she loves to be dominated.
Author: Powerone
Title: Dominating Charlene
Summary: This is two stories of Charlene as she learns that she loves to be
dominated.
Keywords: M+/F, Mdom, anal, oral, span

Dominating Charlene

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the author at
controlher@hotmail.com.


	This is two stories as told to me by Charlene.

	One of the most amazing things that has ever happened to me when I was
18 and went on a boat, not a big one, it held about 6 people.  I was with my
friend, Amy and her 45-year old father, Michael.  I look back now and what I
really knew I liked was being dominated.  It turned out that the propeller on
the boat broke as we were heading off to this island about 2 hours from where I
lived.  We ended up going very slowly to the island, it taking us over three
times as long to reach our destination.   Michael called the mainland and
ordered a new propeller to be sent over, but it would take a week to arrive. 
The trip had only been planned to be a 3-day cruise.   Amy had to be back home
for school at the university on Monday, so she left the day after we got to the
island.  She went home with the other mates on the boat.  I had nothing to do,
so I thought, hey I am staying to soak up the sun and swim with the fish. 
	
	The day turned dark and Michael and I sat up on the deck, playing cards
and getting very drunk.  The loser had to scull and of course I lost more.  Now
I think about it I might have been set up.  After we had been playing for a few
hours, it was my turn to scull once again, I turned to Michael and said
"Michael, are you trying to make me lose, and get me drunk". 
	
	His reply was "are you accusing me of something little girl?"
	
	 I denied everything, but he didn't think I was being serious. He said
"right downstairs, its bed time, I've had enough".
	
	I thought, ah well I am too drunk to play anymore, I need sleep and
followed his lead.  My bedroom was underneath the deck, a huge bed, king size. 
I closed the curtain to my area of the boat and I undressed to my bra and
g-string and climbed into bed.  My voice sung out, "night Michael", and slowly
drifted to sleep with the rocking of the boat. I was almost asleep when I heard
Michael stirring.  I peaked out the curtain to see him walking toward me wearing
only his boxer shorts.  I quickly laid down pretending to be asleep.  The
curtain slowly moved to one side and I could sense Michael's body on the bed.  I
started to panic, not knowing what was about to happen, was he just wanting to
share a bed.  No, no, as if that was it.  I knew what he wanted.  I should have
stopped kidding myself, but I didn't want it to happen.  My back was facing him
so he couldn't see that I wasn't asleep.  My eyes were shut.  Next I felt his
hand running up my side and I thought, no I have to stop this.  I stirred a
little and then rolled over and said "Michael, what are you doing?"
	
	He boomed "you know what I am doing and you will let me little girl".  I
was totally shocked. No one had ever spoken to me with such disrespect before. 
I didn't know what to do.  I just looked at him. He started talking calmly. 
"Now Charlene, I know you're not as innocent as you look, I know you like to
please men."
	
	I didn't know what to say.  The only time I had ever been with a man was
against my will when I was 13 and I was horrified by it.  Michael began to run
his hands over my bra, feeling my nipples beneath, squeezing them.  This felt
great.   I didn't want him to stop.
	
	"Sit up," he ordered me.
	
	Like a schoolgirl I immediately did. I couldn't control myself, I felt
he was dominating me.  My body was full of fear and terror, but I loved the
emotion he had me feeling.
	
	He reached behind me, unclipping my bra, letting my breasts fall free. 
"You have lovely, young, firm tits, little girl".   Michael leaned down to my
nipples and he began to gently bite them.  I could feel myself getting wet.  He
bit down harder, my pussy started aching.
	
	 "You like this don't you little girl?"
	
	 "Yes Michael I do," I managed to murmur.
	
	"No, No, No, call me Sir," Michael boomed out.
	
	"Yes Sir, I do like this feeling, but..."
	
	 Michael interrupted, "No buts and No No's, do as I say."
	
	 I was in shock, no where to run to and not a thing I could do.  I
didn't know if I wanted to stop this.
	
	 "Wait there," Michael said as he left my cabin.  With rope, clothespins
and an empty vodka bottle, Michael made his way back in.  "Take off your panties
off".
	
	I stood up and removed them.  He too removed his boxers, his cock
already hard and erect.  "Lay down on your back with your hands above your head. 
Spread your legs wide".   He took the rope and tied my hands together.  Kneeling
down between my legs with the bottle and clothespins he grinned saying "are you
ready for a hard fucking little girl?"
	
	 I didn't know what to say, so I said nothing.
	
	 "I take that as a yes then."  He pinched my nipples hard, making them
stick out, hard and erect.  I groaned in pain, squirming on the bed.  He took
the clothespins and placed one on each nipple.   "Don't even think about trying
to get them off."   Then came the bottle.  He started rubbing my clit, then
leaning down and licking it, and pinching it.  I was soaked by this stage.  He
took the bottle and started nudging it in my pussy.  It was cold from being up
on deck.  I shuddered as he started playing me with it, soon the bottleneck was
fully pumping my pussy.  He pulled it out and licked the bottle.   "Mmm little
girl, you taste so sweet, are you ready for me yet?"
	
	 I just nodded slightly, still not sure, but so horny.
	
	"Roll over," he ordered me.  He took his cock and rubbed it up and down
my pussy then so hard and so fast, slammed it deep inside me.
	
	I let out a scream, it really hurt, but felt also fantastic.  I loved
all 9 inches of his lovely dick.  Then I felt his finger move over my asshole,
wet from my juices.  I braced my body as it slowly forced itself into me, my
asshole gripping it tightly as it sank into my asshole.  I could feel the build
up in my body and I wasn't sure if I should be feeling this good for my friends
dad.  What if someone found out?  What would I say?  After pumping me for about
10 minutes, I felt his cock twitch a little.  He removed it straight away and
also removed his finger from my ass.   Then with one hard pump his dick was in
my ass. I screamed in pain and pleasure.  This felt so lovely.
	
	Then "Slap! Slap".
	
	"OUCHHHHHHHHHH stop that sir please, it hurts".
	
	"Your my slut, little girl, shut up and do what I say, I will stop when
you have come".  His hand reached around to rub my clit. 
	
	I was so close to coming and he knew this.  He reached forward and
ripped the clothespins off my nipples.  With the pain and warmth running through
my body, I began to come, screaming, shuddering, exploding all over his fingers
in my pussy.  Meanwhile he is still slapping my ass with his free hand.  "SIR
I'M, I'M, cominggggggg," I screamed.
	
	He flipped me over and started slamming my pussy and biting my nipples. 
"You're such a slut, now make me cum you slut."
	
	I clenched my pussy around his cock, he jerked a little and exploded
inside my warm pussy.  His body slumped on mine as we both lay, spent from the
fucking.
	
	I was left tied up until morning.  He pinched, slapped, flogged and
fucked me all night long.  By morning I was so sore.
	
	He untied me and said, "don't put clothes on again until we are home. 
You're mine for the week and you will be in so much pain when you get home, but
all you will want is me, me looking after you and me pleasuring you.  Now go and
clean up, I want a clean pussy to fuck over again".
	
	 For the week I was with Michael I serviced him, and learned to be a
good sub.  I began to enjoy the pain so much, that I ended up becoming a real
brat, by doing things to annoy him, so he would punish me, and that he did and I
enjoyed every second of it.  Still to this day, Michael and I take off on the
boat occasionally and no one suspects anything, they just think he is Amy's dad
and we get on well together.  But truthfully, I am poked, pinched, slapped, over
and over again, not only by him, but sometimes his brother.  Let me tell you
about that.
	
	Sam, Michael's brother is incredibly handsome and at that time only 28. 
He is a lawyer, single, and funny.  I met him once at Michael's house for dinner
and we hit it off.  I think Michael knew this, as only a week later, Michael
rang me asking me to come over for the night.  When I got their Sam was there. 
I wasn't bothered, but delighted. Michael poured me vodka, not even having to
ask me what I wanted.  He just knew, or was it more that I just accepted what he
prepared for me.  Sam and Michael had bourbon.  We all sat in the lounge on the
blue leather lounges, the conversation was semi-boring to me.  Forgetting my
place in Michael's life, I got up to turn some music on.  I walked to the stereo
system and proceeded to look through the CD collection.
	
	 Next I felt the male touch on my hips and warm breathing in my ear,
then I hear the faint but words, "what are we goin to fuck to Charlene?"  
	
	Assuming it was Michael, I softly said "anything you like sir" and
turned my head to see Sam's face nuzzled into my neck.  I immediately pulled
away, not knowing how to handle the situation
	
	I heard Michael voice "Little girl, answer my brother".
	
	I replied, "I'm not sure sir".  Sam leaned past me and chose a CD and
placed it in the stereo.
	
	 Still I have no idea who it was, it was some sort of classical music. 
I went and sat next to Michael.  I was keen, very keen for this to happen,
though I needed to act innocent and unwilling.  But it was something I had once
gotten off thinking about when I was by myself.   Michael ran his hand up my
skirt, I hadn't worn panties, as Michael didn't like me wearing them.   But I
would have if I had known that Sam was going to be there.   Michael leaned over
and started kissing me.   I could see Michael's cock under his jeans getting
very firm.  Next I felt another hand underneath my skirt and not even realizing,
I was spreading my legs for both hands.
	
	This was happening after Michael and I had been seeing each other for
about 4 months and it was second nature for my body to do, as I knew he wanted. 
I knew this was Sam's hand, not Michael's other hand, and it thrilled me.
	
	 Michael whispered in my ear "You are goin to make him cum, then you're
going to make me cum."   As those words came out of Michael's mouth, my eyes
closed and I could feel my pussy starting to moisten. 
	
	By this stage Sam had two fingers inside of me "Gee Michael, this one is
tight".
	
	"Sure is Sam, wait till you have your cock inside her." 
	
	 It was taken for granted that I was willing to explore this situation
and I loved it or was it that it was demanded that I would accept it.  Either
way I was ready, and so turned on.   I unzipped both men at once, inviting them
to ravage my body and I was sooo horny seeing two large cocks hard in front of
me.  Michael being my master, I started playing with him first, rubbing his
balls with my fingers then leaning over to lick, suck and tickle his cock, and
what a lovely cock he had.   These two men didn't care about foreplay, they just
both obviously had discussed fucking my pussy and ass until I was sore. 
	
	I could hear Sam working himself up and he had two fingers in my ass, by
now my ass was accustomed to this exposure.   I then felt Sam's hands on my ass
cheeks, and parting them to see my ass fully.
	
	"Shall I do the honors, Michael," Sam announced.
	
	 "Sure Sam, I have had her ass around my cock so many times and I want
you to enjoy what I have."
	
	 Michael, whispered in my ear as I was sucking and deep throating him,
"your not getting out of this one little girl, my brother and I are going to
make you so sore, don't push him away, invite him into your ass." 
	
	 With that, Sam edged his cock head onto my ass, slowly pushing harder
then pulling away, teasing my ass and making me wriggle trying to find his cock. 
Then all of a sudden Sam plunged into my ass, my head bucked back and I
screamed.  Michael grabbed my head and pushed it and held my head on his cock. 
The feeling of having a cock in my ass and one in my mouth was turning me on so
much.  I wanted both in me, one in my pussy and one in my ass.  But this wasn't
goin to happen very soon.  Michael had his mouth around my nipples by this
stage, and Sam had his cock pounding my tight asshole.  I was in sheer bliss and
loving every second and inch of these two lovely men
	
	.  Michael out all of a sudden said "OK brother, its my turn."   Michael
picked me up by my hips pulling me off Sam.  Sam looked shock and disappointed,
he wasn't as dominant as his brother.   Michael rested me on his lap facing him,
my tits dangling in his face and his mouth wrapped around my left breast.  As he
sucked and bit me, he lifted me yet again and lowered my onto his cock, easing
it into my wet, warm pussy.
	
	"Fuck me girl, NOW" boomed Michael.  I went crazy, fucking my gorgeous
man, wanting to please him, squeezing my pussy around his cock.  Out of the
corner of my eye I could see Sam, with his hard rod in his hand and I didn't
care, though I did want him in me as well.  I think at this stage Michael could
tell I wanted his brother also.  He pushed his hips forward and lay back further
down and pulled me down onto his chest, my pussy still humping his cock and my
ass in the air.  He did this on purpose and I knew it.  All I could hope for
that was that Sam took the hint.   With that, Sam approached my ass again and
slowly pushed his cock into my ass, inch by inch, eventually filling my ass.   I
had two lovely huge cocks in my body, I was full, and never had experienced this
before but even though quite painful, I was loving this feeling. 
	
	I almost came right then and there, Michael knew this and yelled at me
"don't you dare cum or you will suffer the punishment," the punishment being 50
slaps of his belt.  Even though I got off on the belt, I had to choose which I
wanted more, the belt or the cocks, so I slowed down slightly and clenched my
pussy to try and take some of the tingles away.
	
	"Slap her ass Sam."
	
	 "No, Michael I can't do that" Sam replied.
	
	 "Seriously brother, you will get off on it, hearing Charlene scream
with every slap."
	
	 "I'll hurt her," Sam sounded so concerned about me.
	
	"She's our slut Sam, she will take what you give her".
	
	Sam started slapping my ass, while fucking me and Michael pinching and
biting my nipples while I fucked him.  I was loosing it, my mind wasn't there
with them.  This was too much, I could feel my body going into some sort of
shock and my brain losing focus and drifting into sub space.
	
	 Michael slapped me, he knew how to control me when I got to that stage,
which I had many times. I thought to myself, I don't know how much more of this
I can take, but the aim here was to get it over as quick as possible.  I was in
pain, and ready to cum, I clenched my pussy hard around Michael, then clenched
my ass hard around Sam and kept going.
	
	 Michael started rubbing my clit, he was ready, and he knew I was. 
Michael looked at Sam and I could see in a mirror, Sam nodding to Michael.  I
gave Michael one more hard clench of my pussy and felt him jerk and start to
explode inside of me.  Then I clenched Sam and he also jerked and started to
cum.  This sent me absolutely crazy, knowing I had two men inside me cumming and
my pussy exploded all over Michael and my ass gripped onto Sam's, hard cumming
cock.   Both men where moaning and I was screaming0 but it didn't stop.  I still
had both men inside of me and this turned me on so much.  All of a sudden, my
pussy started tingling again.  I asked Michael to rub my clit, he did so and I
exploded again, screaming, moaning and dripping all over Michael's semi hard
cock still inside me.  I collapsed on top of Michael absolutely exhausted and
semi conscious and must have passed out.
	
	 I came too and was in the bath with Michael washing my breasts,
shoulders and back.  Sam had gone.  "I'm so proud of my slut, little girl.  You
made me cum so hard inside of you and you made my brother explode also," Michael
softly spoke.
	
	 "Thank you sir, it was too much for me, but I loved it."
	
	. After this night, Sam had Michael's approval to call me if he wanted
to and he did.  Michael ended up moving overseas to London for work and Sam took
his spot in my life, but a mellower role. We actually ended up falling in love,
and getting engaged, until I found out he was cheating on me.  At that stage I
wasn't into women and he wasn't willing to let her go, so it all ended.
	
The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





