BDSM Library - Night of Passion




Night of Passion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A night with her Master brings her a full circle in her submission.
Night of Passion

Replacing the phone a small smile reaches her face as she hurries to get the
kids in bed, for he will be here in a short while and she has quite a  bit to do
before he arrives. After she makes sure the kids are in bed and dreaming of the
sandman, she makes her way into the bathroom, turning on the shower, she slips
in letting the hot water cascade over her body. Her fingers sliding down to her
already moist pussy, feeling that it needs a touchup. Quickly shaving her puss
until it's nice and clean, she finishes up with a tweak to her breasts and steps
out of the shower. Jumping in complete surpise as she sees him standing next to
her bed.

"My god you scared the life out of me Sir"

He chuckles and motions to the bed "towel on the bed girl.. now.. quickly"

She scurries to get the towel on the bed, her skin prickled at the coolness of
the night, as she lays the towel on the bed. Coming up behind her, he presses
himself against her naked ass, letting her feel his cock, moaning she presses
back only wanting more. He smacks her ass.

"girl, lay down on the bed.. make sure your ass is on the towel"

"Yes Sir" as she climbs up on the bed, her ass on the towel as she looks upward,
her pussy already tingling as he grabs one of her wrists, tugging it upwards
wrapping the cuff over it. Then doing the other wrist, he grins as he grabs the
clover clamps.

"ohh no... please Sir.. no no.." whimpering and struggling against her binds,
her blue eyes widen a bit as he takes her nipple, and lets go of the clamp, the
ridges on the clamp making her jump and scream in pain. He leans down and flicks
his tongue over the other nipple, making it hard and stand to a point, hearing
her soft cries as he slowly releases the clamp over it. Once again she yelps and
rises her back off the bed as he pulls on the chain between making the clamps to
tighten on her nipples.

He then moves to her thighs, cuffing them to the side of the bed and arranging
her feet to where the soles touch, but her legs are still spread for easy access
to her pussy.

"my my girl.. you scream in pain, yet your pussy is already dripping" He stands
back with the singletail whip, lightly popping her legs and pussy with it,
causing her to jump and whimper with each hit. He manages to hit her clit,
making it stand out, hearing her moan in pain/pleasure, knowing that she is
starting to fly high. The sensations of the clamps on her nipples and the pops
to her clit, throws her even more into subspace, her pussy just dripping on the
towel.

She whimpers softly as the popping of the whip stops, she feels him next to her
tugging on the chain, making her mouth fall open. As she opens her mouth, in his
cock, hard, glistening with precum, licking and sucking she almost chokes as he
pushes it to the back of her throat. Not stopping with the attack on her mouth
and throat, he reaches over tugging off the clamps, she screams as the blood
fills back in her nipples and the pain of the clamps being tugged off which
allowed his cock to slide farther into her throat. Her eyes open wide as she
whimpers looking up to His face.. his hazel eyes filled with lust over her
whimpers and screams. Slipping off of her, his cock falls from her mouth with a
dangle of spit following as she whimpers trying to get it back in her mouth.

"ohh girl, you are so wet and so needing to cum arent you?" She just nods and
whimpers, licking her lips catching the last bit of precum on her tongue, almost
shooting off the bed as he slides the vibe in her pussy. He turns it on low and
laughs as she raises her hips off the bed trying to fuck the vibe. As she lifts
her ass, he slides the plug into her ass causing her to moan louder. He knows
that this is her fantasy, to be filled in the ass and in her pussy at once.

Her soft voice whimpering whispering "please please.. let me cum"

"No" was all he said as he turned the vibe on high, as he replaces the clamps on
her nipples, sending her higher and higer into subspace. Her head thrashes about
as she moans louder and louder, her whimpers becoming even more insistant"

"ohh please please.. ohh god.. please let me cum"

"No" she whimpers softly as the vibe leaves her pussy, he watches as her chest
rises and falls with each breath she takes, whimpering as she raises her hips
only wanting more of the vibe. As she raises her hips, the plug in her ass slips
out with a soft pop to her dismay. He chuckles and shakes his head a bit.

"mmm we need a bigger plug dont we now?" her whimpers and shaking of her head
just causes him to tug on her chain a bit between her heavy breasts. She yelps a
bit in pain, then as the pleasure washes over her once more, he lubes up her ass
and the biggest toy she has in her collection, a pink vibe/plug about 8 inches
long and as big around as a flashlight towards the bottom. He bends down between
her legs, sliding the pink vibe into her ass slowly, whimpering she pushes down
on it causing it to slide further in. She nearly screams as she wants to cum
badly, feeling the other vibe slip back into her pussy, turned on high, he tugs
the clamps off her nipples once more as she screams this time. Hearing his soft
spoken words "Cum girl!! Cum  now!!"

Finally able to release all that she has built up, she screams as the vibes are
pressed deeper into her pussy and ass, stretching both vibrating against one
another, her nipples tingling from the clamps filling back with blood as he
leans over and nips at the darkened peaks. As he nips, she is thrown over the
edge once more, spilling her sweet juices over the bed as her ass clutches at
the vibe buried deep within her.

"yes.. give it to me girl.. give me that cum.. you slut.. show me what a slut
you are" the words causing her to shudder even more as he climbs ontop of her,
shoving his cock deep into her mouth once more as he lays his head on her thigh,
taking the vibe out of her slippery pussy and easily sliding in four fingers.
The stretching and vibration from the vibe in her ass causes her mouth to open
wider for his cock, she sucks at his cock, only wanting more from him.  "yes
slut give it to me.. suck my cock like you want it" her pussy tightens around
his fingers "cum again slut" her scream is cut off from his cock being shoved
deep into her throat. He fucks her throat as his fingers are replaced by the
vibe turned on high sending her into orbit more. She struggles against her binds
thrashing and screaming as she isnt able to stop cumming. Finally he climbs off
her and lets her legs go, taking the vibe out of her pussy, he slips between her
legs, sliding his cock into her pussy as she moans loud. Her blue eyes meet his
hazel as they are filled with the love and care she has for her Master. He
raises her legs high up and lets the vibe slide out of her ass, he slides his
harden cock into her ass and begins to pump away.. seeing that she wishes to
hold him, he releases her arms. Her fingers dance up to pinch her nipples as he
thrusts in and out of her ass, holding onto her feet he tickles them slightly
causing her to cum once more. No more asking permission to cum, she isnt able to
stop from cumming.

He encourages her to go on and on, to keep cumming until he finally shoves his
cock into her one last time as he releases his hot jism deep within her ass. She
shudders once more as she calms down, looking up at him.. seeing his smile as he
leans down and kisses her gently on the lips.

"Girl, show your appreciation and clean up the toys" and he is off of her and
moving towards the shower. She lays there for a moment, enjoying the fact she is
free once more and shivering, with cum sliding down her legs. She finally climbs
off the bed and begins to clean up the mess she has made, a smile on her face as
she rubs her now sore nipples. Grabbing a towel she waits for him to climb out
of the shower and begins to dry him off. He smiles to her kissing her once more
tweaking her nipple causing her to gasp softly. As he moves off she slips back
into the shower herself cleaning off and turns out the lights, slipping back
into bed next to his warm body, curling up against him as he holds her. They
both are exhausted and fall right to sleep, dreaming of the night they just
shared.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  azure^eyes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





