BDSM Library - Wife's Secret




Wife's Secret
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife is caught on Video by a private detective charging for oral sex. Instead of giving the tape to her husband, the detective uses the tape to backmail the wife for sexual favors and bondage.
Wife's Secret

	Things in your life have been a bit tumultuous lately.  You can't put
your finger on it, but your wife isn't as "warm" and amorous as she used to be.
You thought at first that maybe it was because you were just getting older but
lately you have begun to sense that there is more to it than that. You make
innocent queries to your wife about her day while you were at work searching for
anything in her answers that might reveal that something is amiss. But, she does
not overtly present you with any indications.  Over the next few days this issue
is in the forefront of your mind, and soon it begins to dominate your every
waking thought.  Now, it is not simply a matter of curiosity, but is fast
becoming an overwhelming obsession for you!

  You wrack your brain to try to come up with an idea that might substantiate or
refute your fears.  One night while you are home, there appears on the TV a
commercial for an old detective series, Mike Hammer.  Then it strikes you!  "Why
not hire a private detective.....and let him do the investigative work??"   What
a stroke of brilliance!  You get out the yellow pages, and look under detectives
first, and then it refers you to private investigators (nobody calls them
detectives any more). Here you find the Bill Smith detective agency.  Since I
have the same name as yours, and you having nothing else to go on, you decide to
give me a shot!

  You call the number, and I answer the phone......."Smith detective agency,
this is Bill Smith, how may I assist you??"

  You respond........"I think my wife is fooling around on me, and I want
someone to find out for sure.  Can you  do this??"  I say........."Why of
course!  As a matter of fact, this constitutes the majority of cases that
private investigators are involved with.  Now, what's your wife's
name.........and where do you live??"  After we exchange some of the base
information you ask........"How long will this take, and how will you get the 
proof?"  I say to you............"Mr. Smith, exact specifics of how I obtain
this information/proof I will not discuss,  but suffice it to say that if I do
get evidence, I will present it to you in its entirety"

  After discussing the fee, and method of payment, and getting contact
information so that I can reach you covertly, I tell you that I should have some
info within a week, and hang up the phone.  After hanging up, I begin to plan my
operation.  I have available to me a very small, yet powerful high  resolution
TV camera that will fit behind something as small as a light switch.  With that,
some good quality sound, and recording equipment I will set my trap.

  The next day while you are at work, I don a gas company uniform, and drive a
rented truck to your  neighborhood.  I conceal my equipment in a tool pouch
(covered with actual tools) and find your house.   I set up down the street and
will wait for a while to see if anyone arrives at your house.   After half the
day has passed, there has been no visitors to your home.......so I decide it is
time to plant the bug.  I go to your house and ring the doorbell.  I have a
phony picture ID on denoting that I work for the gas company and when your wife
comes to the door, this is the first thing that she sees.

  She is not dressed in clothing one would expect a person to be wearing this
time of the day, but rather in what appears to be a sort of nightgown except
that she is wearing black silk hosiery, and those fuzzy house slippers.  While I
know this is not normal, I do not let on that I suspect anything, and she does
nothing to either hide her motives or display them. 

  I introduce myself as Bob Snow of the gas service company, and say that
according to our computer  monitoring equipment downtown, there is a gas leak in
this neighborhood, and it appears from performing local diagnostics to be
originating in your home.  I ask if I may come in.  After allowing her to peruse
my  picture ID at great length.  You wife responds with......"OK, but can you
hurry, I am expecting some relatives to  come over in a little while!!"  I put
her at ease and say..........."Sure......this won't take long at all, but I may
need to get access to several rooms in the house.  I'll start in the basement
where the pipe comes in and branch  out from there.  I won't be any trouble and
you will hardly notice that I am there!"  She agrees and I set to work.

  After stalling around in the basement for a while, I come upstairs and into
the kitchen.  She is not paying attention to me, but I am to her.  Those black
silk hose are very erotic and I am hoping to get a shot of her  hosiery covered
feet as well!  This is one of the job fringe benefits. 

  Well, she doesn't reveal anymore, and after a time I tell her
that............"It looks like there might be a leak into the walls of your
home.  If that's true, then the entire infrastructure of the walls could contain
gas and this

  would pose a potentially fatal explosion and fire threat.   I am going to need
to look around upstairs as the gas tends to rise."  She is quite concerned by
this and offers to go up with me.  I put her at ease by saying......."No..it
would be better if you stayed down here.  If I find anything......I will let you
know."

  I go upstairs to your bedroom.  I immediately begin to "scope out the area" to
find the best location for the equipment.  Lo-and-behold there is large dresser
just across from your bed with a lot of personal items (stuff) on it.  It will
be easy to conceal the camera and the small battery unit behind items on the
dresser.  I set up the camera, eyeball the position in reference to the bed, and
set the "wide angle" option for the camera.  This should provide me with a
complete view of your bed, and the room.  I turn the camera on, and go
downstairs.  Instead of telling your wife that everything is OK, I tell her that
I found no evidence of the leak  but that I may need to come back later on with
some larger, and more sophisticated monitoring equipment.

  She agrees, and I depart for my office.

  When I get there, I turn on my TV monitor, and sound equipment.  The picture
is more that I ever hoped for.  Not only can I seen anything going on in the
room, but the resolution, and detail of the photographic images  is stunning! 
Now........all I have to do is wait!

  For the next three days, after you leave for work, I turn on the camera and
record.  I do get a very good image of her wearing her house coat and putting on
the same black silk hosiery.  She has very nicely shaped legs,  and feet and if
I wasn't working for you.....hell I might try to get a little of that "action"
myself!  My thoughts return to business!

  On the fourth day of monitoring, about ten in the morning your wife comes into
the bedroom but this time she is not alone!  There are not one, but four men in
the room with her.  She says to them......"It's going be fifty apiece.......and
only blowjobs......no fucking!"  They seem to agree, and she removes her clothes
except for the hose.  Her tiny pert breasts are alive with color, and each
nipple is hard enough to cut glass!  It's evident that whatever is about to
transpire is exciting her to no end!

  Each of the men takes of their clothes as well.  Your wife sits on the bed and
the first man walks over until his cock is even with her mouth.  Without
hesitation......she grabs his tool and jams in between her lips, and begins to
suck like a Hoover!  The other three are watching and masturbating then two of
them walk over to  where she is sitting and as she sucks off the first guy, the
two each grab one of her hands and wraps it around his dick and now she is
sucking one, and jacking off two more!  What a scene!  I'm not only getting all
the video, but the sound system is so good that you can even hear the sucking
sound her lips make around

  the guy's big cock!  Voyeurism is not really my thing, but I gotta
admit....this was making me hard as well!

  All of a sudden............out of the clear blue.......the one guy who was by
himself says to her......"Hey..........I'll give you an extra thirty if you let
me tie you up while you suck me!"  This seems to have the same reaction as
someone shitting in your coffee cup!  Your wife is so livid at this suggestion
that she ceases all activity, and yells back......."FUCK NO!! NO ONE IS GOING TO
TIE ME UP!!  AS A MATTER OF FACT.....YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.........NOW!! 
The guy is visibly taken aback by her response and doesn't move initially

  because he does not think that she is serious.....and after all........he
ain't finished with "business" as of yet!  "GO ON.........GET THE FUCK OUT OF
HERE.....I MEAN RIGHT NOW!! I DON'T WANT YOUR FUCKING  MONEY THAT BAD!!"  Once
the guy realizes that she means business, he dresses and leaves quickly as he

  is not sure what she may do as pissed as she is!

  After he leaves, the other three try to calm her down.  After almost twenty
minutes of negotiation, and with the promise of an additional ten dollars each,
she finally gives in, and agrees to finish that which she had started.  She
blows each man in turn and just before each cums, she pulls out his cock, and so
quick as to not even be discernible, she pops a rubber onto each cock to catch
the sperm as each man ejaculates.

  They were not happy about this, but it's her way or..........the highway!

  After she and they are done, they all dress and leave the room.  I of course
have the entire episode in living color and in enough detail to almost see the
sperm swimming around in the ejaculate.  Later on that afternoon, I contact you
at the number we agreed upon.  I say......."Listen...I got a little information
today..........but I want to give it more time before I say anything.  I would
like to keep up the surveillance for  another week and then we will get together
and discuss the findings."  You say..........."What did you discover??"  I
respond........."Well......I'm not sure yet.......and I don't want to speculate. 
Let me get more info  then we'll talk.....OK?"  You reluctantly agree not
knowing that I have a video tape of your wife blowing three  strangers for sixty
bucks apiece!  I'm beginning to work a little con of my own..............and I
may not tell you  what I have found!

  The next day is Friday.  You dress, and leave for work on time.  The
difference is that I have been waiting outside your house (in my gas man
costume) for you to leave.

  I wait for a full hour after you have left the driveway, and with a copy of
the videotape that I made of your wife's little performance, I knock at your
door.  She answers still in her housecoat and slippers but this time, no hose.

  As she opens the door, I say to her........"Mrs. Brown, I have a video here
that I made down at the office that  shows all of the gas lines in this
neighborhood, and how they are fed into your house in particular.  I would  like
you so see it as I think there is something you should know.  She does not
understand this, but sensing  there may be a real problem, she agrees to watch
the video.

  As she sits in front of the TV, I power up the VCR, and put in the tape.  I
select "Play" on the remote and  almost immediately, she sees herself with the
four men in her bedroom.  She doesn't move or say anything  for a few seconds
because she cannot believe what she is seeing.  After a few moments she 
says........"WHERE DID YOU GET THIS??......HOW DID YOU GET THIS??....WHO ARE
YOU??" I say...."Do you like my work??  Rather revealing don't you think??  I
must say.....you have perfected cocksucking to an art!  Question
is..........does you hubby know??  How about the guys in his office, or maybe
the Pastor at your Church??  Hell.......for that matter.......I'll bet this tape
would go well on any one of the many, many amateur or erotic newsgroups on the
internet!  Yessir......I'll bet within a week, I could make you one of the  most
popular cunts in the entire country!!"

  She is so upset, and mad that she tries to speak. 
"YOU.......YOU....SONOFA........" I yell this time......."SHUT THE FUCK UP!!" 
She whimpers........."what are you going to do with that tape??  what do you
want from me??  I'll do anything you ask if you don't let my husband see it." 

  I say.......Well.......that's more like it!  Personally, I don't have a
problem with your little "indiscressions" but I'm fairly sure that everybody
else in your life won't be as....... shall we say......... forgiving as I when
it comes to your hobby. "   She begins to sob lowly.  Then I
say..........."Now...here's what is going to happen.......I am going

  to develop several scenarios.  Then, I am going to give you specific
instructions on how to carry out a task.  You are then going to perform that
task exactly as I specified it and in the exact time frame.  If......for any
reason.....I give you a task or set of instructions and you fail to carry
it/them out.....I will make sure that every person that you have ever known has
a copy of this video tape.  Wouldn't this be a great addition to the family tape
section down at the Price Chopper where you shop??  Not to mention a copy to
your husband, his boss,  and all of his co-workers."

  She cries out........."THAT'S BLACKMAIL!"  I say....."You bet your sweet
fucking ass it is!!  So what??"  "She  gives me a look of utter contempt, but
says nothing.  She does however subconsciously grip the top of her housecoat
tighter as if anticipating what may happen next.

  I say........"I'll be in contact with you.  When I call, you had better be
ready to jump!  Do you understand??"  She makes no acknowledgement of what I
just say.  "BITCH.....DO YOU UNDERFUCKING STAND!!??"  She nods  her head meekly.

  I'm about to leave but decide that I will test her resolve to obey and at the
same time, get myself a preview of  things to come.  I say to her......."I want
you to take off your house slippers"  She looks at me as if she doesn't believe
what I just said.  She was expecting me to have her take off her clothes or
something else, but not

  this.  She looks at me dumbfounded.   "ARE YOU HARD OF FUCKING
HEARING??........She shakes her head. 
"THEN......TAKE...OFF...YOUR....FUCKING....SHOES!!!"    This time she
immediately complies.  I take note of the perfectly shaped sexy little feet she
has.  I then say...."Now..open your housecoat so I can see your  legs as well."  
After she has done this (and still thinking that something else must be coming)
I say to  her......."Now turn so that your left side if facing me.  Then I want
you to lift up your leg, and point your toes

  down toward the floor."  She is really confused now........but obeys.   I look
at those shapely legs and the  perfect wrinkles along the edge of the foot and
say to myself........."This is gonna be fucking great!!"   I tell
her..........."That will be enough for now.  Just remember......when I contact
you and no matter how.........you

  WILL obey my instructions to the letter!  Right?!!  She shakes nods her head. 
"SAY IT BITCH......I WANT YOU

  TO HEAR THOSE WORDS COMING OUT OF YOUR MOUTH.  I WANT YOU TO FEEL THE
HUMILIATION, THE

  DEGRADATION.......NOW SAY IT!''  She replies........almost in a
whisper........"i will obey"  

  "Perfect" says I, and collects my equipment. "Now.......don't say a word about
my visit to anyone for any reason.  I will be contacting you on Monday after
your old man has left for work.  Do nothing.....say nothing till
then......understand?"  She replies......."yes."

  I leave the house feeling very good about things and the thoughts about what I
want her to do next dancing  merrily about in my head.  I don't want to act
hastily.  After all, since I have her right where I want her......I may as well
make the most of it!




Part 2: Wife's Secret

  ===========================
The weekend passes uneventfully for you both.  I do however still have the 
dresser camera in place and while you do not engage in sexual activity with 
her during the weekend, I do get some good shots of her coming out of the 
shower with nothing but a towel on her head.

  "My Grandma.........what nice little titties you have."  I would really 
like to pinch the fuck out of those hard little nipples.  Maybe I will!

  I have given it a good deal of thought and if there is one thing that 
really turns me on, its having a woman do things that are inherently against 
her will number one, and having to do with
  bondage/humiliation/degradation for number two.  With this train of 
thought in mind, I plan out what I want your wife to do, how, and when.

  Monday morning you leave for work.  I again don the gas man uniform not 
for your wife's sake but to keep any nosy neighbors from assuming that 
something is going on, and I return to your house.

  When your wife answers the door, she is dressed in jeans and sneakers.  
She immediately recognizes me and reluctantly lets me in.

  "Well, well, well..........and how has my little slut been while I was 
away??   Suck any good cocks lately??"  She looks at me angrily, but says 
nothing. "Now, now, let's not be that way.  After all, it wasn't me who blew 
half the fucking guys in town for money."  That really pisses her off.

  "You really don't know who I am do you??"  Until then, the question had 
not really crossed her mind, but now that I asked it she was in fact very 
curious.  "Well, I am a private investigator that your husband hired to find 
out if you were fucking around on him.  Man, how little did he know!"  Her 
look of anger is now replaced by one of sheer terror!  "That's right bitch, 
your old man isn't quite as dumb a fuck as you thought!  He has had 
suspicions for quite some time."

  She says......"You....you wouldn't really let him see this would you??"  I 
say......"Well that depends on you!  It depends on how bad you really don't 
want not only just him, but every fucking person you know to see this."  I 
hold up a piece of paper with some writing on it.  "Do you know what this 
is??"  She shakes her head.  "This  is the mailing address of your Mother's 
house.  She is startled and says....."but how did you get that......how do 
you know her....its......"

  I interrupt, "I'm a fucking detective for Christ sakes.  That's what we do 
is find out things, and if you don't do exactly as I tell you today then 
your hubby going to find some things out!  Further, I will make sure that 
not only  will he get a nice video to show the boys at work, but dear old 
MOM an early Christmas present as well.  Now, won't that be something to 
show around the table at Thanksgiving??  While everyone else is showing the 
naked baby pictures of their children, she can show her naked baby with a 
dick jammed down her throat,  and jizz dripping down her chin!"

  You wife explodes and comes at me with the intent of slapping me.  I can 
bench press three hundred  pounds, so this is not really a problem.  I side 
step her, and grab her arm and twist it  behind her back and apply enough 
pressure for it to hurt.  She calms down, and I throw her on the divan.

  "NOW, YOU LISTEN TO ME......I'M TIRED OF FUCKING AROUND!  YOU ARE GOING TO 
DO EXACTLY WHAT I
  TELL YOU TO DO, WHEN I TELL YOU...UNDERSTAND??"

  She makes two more feeble attempts at getting loose from my grip.  Finally 
she nods her head.  "SAY IT!"  She sobs lowly......"i 
......will......do......whatever....you want!"

  "Excellencio" says I.  "Now, here is the deal.......I have a friend of 
mine that has a web site.  He specializes in
  women in various bondage/kidnap and rape type themes.  What we are going 
to do is go to a cheap out of the way motel I know of.  When we get there, 
You are going to pose for photos and a video in various  bondage scenes.  I 
will in turn then sell them to this friend of mine for his porn site."  "YOU 
CAN'T BE FUCKING SERIOUS"......she screams.  "THERE IS NO WAY IN FUCKING 
HELL THAT I AM GOING TO DO THAT!!  I DON'T GIVE A DAMN IF YOU HAVE PICTURES 
OF ME BLOWING TWENTY MEN.......I WON'T DO IT!!"

  I do not say anything.  While she is engaged in her tirade, I pick up my 
cell phone and dial a telephone number.  I say......."Hello......yes I would 
like to speak to Mr. Joe Smith please.  Yes.......I'll wait"  Immediately  
your wife calms down and says to me......."No, no.....don't......I'll do it 
.......please......I'll do it......just don't tell
  him!!"  She again begins to sob this time more vigorously.

  I tell her, "That's the last time I want to hear any defiance......next 
time...no excuses, no sorry, I'll just make the calls, and send the tapes!"  
She nods.

  "Now do you have a long overcoat??"  She looks at me like I have lost my 
mind.  "Do you??"  "Yes" she says.  "Good.  Now, here is what I want you to 
do.  Come here."  She walks to me.  Out of my back pocket I pull a large 
(very large) red rubber ball gag on a leather strap.  I grab her face and 
start to force the gag into her
  mouth. "No.....no.....mmmphhhhhhhh" are the sounds she makes.  She resists 
and I pinch her nose shut so  she can't breathe.  She opens her mouth ever 
so slightly to breathe, and I force the gag between her lips.
  Once in place, I buckle it behind her head so tight that it completely 
fills her mouth, and feels like I might disjoint her jaw with it.

  She is standing before me still clothed, but completely gagged.  I take 
this opportunity to reach over, and  squeeze one of her breasts.  "Nice 
tits........real firm.  I want you to go upstairs, remove all of your 
clothes.
  Then, take a hot shower.  When you are done with the shower, I want you to 
put on your make-up just like you
  were going out for the evening.  Leave the gag in place.  Put on a pair of 
pantyhose.......and nothing else.
  Then come downstairs.  Understand?"  She nods and I say "Go!"  Up the 
stairs she goes.

  Twenty minutes pass by, and I am getting a raging hard-on in anticipation  
of what is to happen next.

  Finally, down the stairs comes this lovely, sexy creature wearing just 
hose and a bright red ball gag.  "Where
  is the coat?" I command.  She points to the hall closet.  When I open it 
up there is a tan colored full length
  woman's trench coat.  I also notice a pair of black patent leather high 
heel shoes.  I pick them up, and throw them at her feet.  "Put these on" I 
bark.  She slips her sexy hosiery covered feet into the shoes.  "Come here" 
I  command.  She walks to me.  "Turn around" as she does, I grab both of her 
wrists and pull them roughly behind her back.  She knows better than to move 
and does not resist or move from that position.  I take rope  that I have 
prepared for just this purpose and tie her wrists together very, very 
tightly.  I take more rope and
  secure her bound wrists to her waist by wrapping rope around and around 
them.  Finally, I take more rope  and tie her elbows together behind her 
back and secure them to her upper body by wrapping the rope  around.  The 
last thing that I do I reach around with both hands and get myself two hands 
full of tits.  After  squeezing them for a while, I slip my hands down until 
her nipples are between the thumb, and forefinger of each hand, and pinch 
both nipples very hard.  She moans and moves but it appears to be more a 
moan of eroticism than that of pain.

  With her bound and gagged there before me, the final thing is to take the 
overcoat, and drape it around her  otherwise nude body so it looks normal.  
I take the empty sleeves and tuck them into the pockets of the coat.
  I button the buttons all the way to the top.  Now, this will not fool 
anyone who is scrutinizing her very closely, but to get to the car and not 
arise too much suspicion, it will work just fine.

  I take a head scarf, put it around her head and ears and save enough 
length to wrap around her face in order to cover the ball gag from view.

  After taking a look around outside, and satisfying myself that no one is 
at a window watching, I take her outside, and open the passenger side of my 
truck.  It is somewhat awkward, but I am able to get her into the front seat 
in the middle.  I secure her lab belt on, and mover around to the driver 
side of the vehicle.  After getting in the truck, I take another look around 
to make sure that no one is watching us.  After satisfying myself that the 
coast is clear, I reach down and pull off both of her high heels taking the 
time to rub my hands
  on the soles of the feet which is causing me a very very stiff woody.  
Quickly I pull out a piece of rope from  under the seat and tie her ankles 
together very tight and then secure a free end of the rope into a loop in 
the  floor.  Not only are her feet tied tightly together, but also secured 
to one spot now.

  After admiring my handiwork, I start the truck back out of the driveway 
and with a hard-on,, and a smile, I drive off toward the motel.  She looks 
at me and maybe, just maybe that wasn't dread I saw in her 
eyes............but  anticipation!

End Part-2

  =====================================================================
Comments: This story was written by an anonymous user in exchange for 
pictures of my wife in Bondage. If you would be interested in swapping 
private bondage pictures, go here for details 
http://snatches.porncity.net/646/
=====================================================================
To be continued.............




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe Brown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





