BDSM Library - New Mexico's Best Club: Slave Pam




New Mexico's Best Club: Slave Pam
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A continuation of the series NMBC. A submissive pam is free to spend spring break with her trainer owners, when her daughter leaves for the week. They prepare her for her entry into the club.
NEW MEXICO'S BEST CLUB  "SLAVE PAM"

I will not waist time with too many preliminaries. Pam was big titted, yes D
plus and all natural. No she was not a thin playboy type but had an hourglass
figure and for 39 not a bit of flab or cellulite. "Big Boned" as they say. I am
sure you all know some one like her. Her long brown hair framed her very pretty
face with light eyes.

Pam's "friends" we will call Jack and Jill. Jack is 27 and jill is 22. They are
members of the club but keep Pam to themselves until this Spring Break week; it
was time for her to start another part of her journey.  How they met and how
they found out about pam's need for pain and humiliation is another story and
not as exciting as this week I am writing about.

Pam's, soon to be graduated daughter, flew back east to spend spring break with
her father. As soon as she got home from the Sunport, pam called her son across
town and told him she would be gone for five days, through some pre selected
clothes in one bag, some sexy lingerie in another and hopped in her SUV and
headed to the mountains. She wore a short skirt, simple blouse and a pair of
five-inch heels. The blouse, picked by Jill for her to travel in, pressed hard
against her big tits and erect nipples. She watched her speed, as it would not
be a good thing to be stopped by one of New Mexico's finest, except for him of
course.

Let me take a moment and tell you about slave pam's pussy. For a woman of 39 she
has had only four lovers. Her cunt was tight as hell, even between lovers she
was always so embarrassed about sex that she only masturbated with the fingers.
She only had one experience with a sex toy before she submitted to Jack. The
other thing, this bitch had the wettest pussy her owner or I had ever seen. She
just flowed when turned on!

Pam drove up the long gravel driveway, her adrenaline kicked into overdrive. She
parked in her usual spot, a place set aside so she did not block her Master's
pickup. She pushed the switch to open the garage door, with the small bag pam
walked to the opening door. When it stopped a note hung from a string. "Strip
now! Assume your position and open the box on the step!"

Standing on her wobbly legs the sexy slave quickly looked around the secluded
area and unbuttoned her blouse. A moment later a naked bitch stepped into the
garage, her clothes lay in a heap just outside the door. The cold mountain air
sent goose bumps to every inch of her body.

Half the large garage was set up as a carpenter shop. Slave pam glanced to see
if Jack had any torturous projects in work. She wanted to stop and stare at a
sheet covered item wondering if it was one of the weird devices that Jack built
to torment her and jill or just a new piece of furniture.

After taking her kneeling position on the uncomfortable, course "Welcome" mat
pam reached down and opened the nice wooden box. It held four gold rings, two
about 2 inches in diameter and two about 1 inch in diameter. Each had a small
turquoise bead attached. The note read "It is time to replace your studs with
the proper rings. These were made special for you my whore, enjoy them and the
testing that they will bring." Signed Master Jack

Just after they first met and pam submitted to the couple they had her nipples
and labia pierced. Healing studs had been in them ever since. She found that she
really loved them but hiding them from her daughter was the most difficult
thing. Putting the loops in her nipples was easy as she healed well but her cunt
was another matter. Oh yes the holes were healed but the angle was hard as she
could not sit and by the time she finished her nipples and the trip there her
bare lips were so slick from her juice her hands kept slipping off the flesh.

Inside the house, Jack sat sipping his coffee with his feet propped up on his
naked slave jill's back as she knelt on all fours. He was watching the
television. One of the many cameras around the house was directed at pam. He
smiled and chuckled as she struggled with her cunt lips.

Pam finally completed her tasks, after taking a second to admire her new
decorations she assumed her waiting pose. Her ass back on her heels, head bowed
and hands placed gently on her upper thighs.

Just as the cool air sent a shiver through slave pam the door opened startling
her. The tall blonde slave jill took a dominant stance in her high heels looming
over the kneeling slut. Jack had bought his slave wife a red leather collar and
cuffs to wear when she was allowed to act as "first slave" to poor pam.

Slave pam took care not to look up at her female trainer. Leaning down jill
roughly encased pam's neck with her thick black leather collar "Are you ready to
serve your Master this week WHORE!" she snapped.

"Yes Ma'am" answered pam immediately.

Jill attached the leash to the collar and with a jerk led a crawling slut pam
into the house. The slave was a sight crawling on her hands and knees with her
attractive firm tits hanging down, swinging with a rhythm commensurate with the
speed, which she crawled.

As she followed the slave down the hall of the respectable size ranch house, pam
looked down at her new nipple loops. The weight of the beads helped keep them
hanging straight down. She also felt her new cunt rings rubbing against her
legs.

Turning a corner, pam realized she was being lead into the living room. When she
noticed the carpet change the slave took a quick look up, trying not to make it
obvious. Her young Master was siting in his favorite recliner. Her horny heart
fluttered as she noticed that he was dressed only in a pair of tight jeans and
boots. His legs were crossed and barely gave her a look choosing instead to
watch what was on the big screen TV. It was a video of his slave wife, jill,
fucking herself with a big dildo.

As instructed, jill lead her charge passed her owner, around in front of the
television and back again, like a dog in a ring. Jack motioned for her to do
this at least three times, each time slave pam's cunt twitched in anticipation.

Jill finally jerked the chain and had the slut stop in front of Jack. As trained
pam extended her arms out and placed her forehead to the carpet. She arched her
back keeping her ass in the air and opened her legs wide for easy access to her
holes. Slave jill, took Jack's cup, refilled the coffee and stood over pam
waiting for his instructions.

As the scene on the TV changed from jill fucking herself, to her being fucked in
the ass by one of the Club members, Jack picked up a long thin whip and handed
it to jill. Its handle was an eight-inch dildo and the five thin leather strands
were about 18 inches long. This was the sign of jill's mastery. When she had the
whip she was allowed to be "First slave" and have limited power over other
slaves.

Jill ran the strands of the whip lightly over pam's back. The slut jumped a
little. This was to let her know that she had the power. Jill then raised her
arm and let the whip come down hard across pam's back, leaving only a momentary
mark but stinging the pain slut.

"Don't you have any respect for the Master?" barked jill " Get on your fucking
belly and lick his boots, and you had better thank him for giving you this
time!" jill gave the slut another swipe with the whip.

Quickly pam went to her stomach and slid up to Jack's boot. Sticking out her
tongue pam took a lick at the toe then quietly said "Master Jack, sir, I thank
you so much for letting me stay and serve you!" she kissed the toe of his boot
and took a long lick up to the arch.

Jill knelt beside her so she could watch. Not only to be sure the slut did a
good job but also she got incredibly turned on by humiliating poor pam.

Jack shifted his attention between the TV and the groveling boot licking slut.
Jill kept giving the wench quiet instructions punctuated with the occasional
swipe of the quirt. After about 15 minutes and when pam was just about to start
on the other boot, Jack again reached into the hiding place and produced rather
thick 6-inch butt plug. It was the second meanest looking one that Jack and Jill
could find on the Internet. They had searched the Net during the previous
several weeks and the plug was just one of four hundred dollars worth of toys
and equipment that they had charged to pam's credit card in preparation for this
week.

With a small smile, naked jill took the plug from her Master. Standing now she
ordered pam to spread her legs. The lowly slut tried to comply and in doing so
she took her lips from her Owner's boot. "Keep licking you fucking slut!" barked
jill " and spread wider damn it!" as she kicked the slave's legs out further.

"Wider!" ordered jill, until pam thought her pelvis was going to pop.
Finally satisfied, jill knelt down between the cunt's legs. Taking the plug she
slowly rubbed it around and between pam's bare and pierced cunt lips. Pam almost
had to stop licking the bitter leather of Jack's old boots when the bumps and
ridges of the plug touched her clit and the swollen tender inner flesh. Jill
moved it up and down the slave's hole, twisting and turning it getting the cunt
juice to cover every inch of the hard rubber. She teased the slut by pushing it
only slightly into her open hole. When the tip was wet jill took it and pressed
it against the tender clit of her charge. She moved it back and forth then in
little circles. To the sadist's delight it caused pam to lift her hips off the
floor and moan into the leather of the instep.

Jack held up a tube of KY. Jill shook her head indicating that it would not be
needed. Dragging the plug out of pam's cunt she pressed it hard to the area
between the cunt and rear hole. This sent a shiver through pam's body, as she
knew what came next. With slow and steady pressure jill pushed the big rubber
device into pam's upturned and open asshole.

With only about two inches inside her, pam again moaned but still managed to
keep her lips on her Master's boot. Jill took a hard swipe at the plump ass
cheek with the whip, "Open your hole cunt, and keep cleaning that boot or Master
will hang you by your tits for two days!"

Pam tried to relax her hole as jill twisted the plug and pushed harder. Finally
with a sharp pain to pam the wide part cleared the muscle. Her hole closed
around the rubber plug. Jill pulled it out slightly and gave it a few twists as
she looked up and smiled at Jack. Of course Jack smiled showing his approval.
They had just started pam's anal training four weeks ago and this week would be
her graduation.

Jack made sure that his buxom slave finished her job and with a wave of his hand
jill pulled pam to her knees. She took a well-trained and motivated pose.

"Thank you Master, thank you so much for letting this slut serve you!" said pam.
Not just a practiced line but true gratitude.

Jill ordered pam to remove their Master's boots. She shifted forward on her knee
and taking each boot that was offered she pulled them off and handed them to
jill. Jack then offered his socks for removal. Pam gently rolled each one off
his foot. As each was removed the slave cupped each foot and lovingly kissed the
top three times.

Pam was again kneeling, waiting for her next order when Jack stood and removed
his jeans. He wore no underwear so as the pants cleared his hips his half-hard
dick sprung loose. Slave pam knew his dick was free but she could not give in to
urge to look. Jill took his pants, folded them and knelt beside him as he sat.

"Look up, bitch, and watch how a real slave sucks cock!" spat Jack. As small as
it seems this did humiliate pam, as she loved his cock and thought she was a
good slave.

As pam looked on, the tall blonde leaned over Jack's lap. Making sure that pam
could see, slave jill took her Husband's hard cock in her mouth. The slave
wasted no time in sucking the entire length deep in her mouth and throat. With
one hand she cupped his big balls and with the other she gently stroked his rod
in classic fashion.

A shiver of jealousy coursed through pam. Goose bumps were raised on every inch
of her body. She had seen this before but for whatever reason she expected a
better welcome. Still her cunt flowed with the shame of her mistake.

Jack was as hard as a man in his late 20s could be. Jill's head bobbed as the
dick disappeared entirely in her mouth. Suddenly, Jack grabbed the blonde
slave's hair, pulling her off his hard prick. "Ready my dear?" he asked jill.

"Oh yes Sir, please sir my cunt needs you!" she replied.

When her Husband released her hair, jill stood, straddled his crotch. Facing the
horny pam, jill guided the thick prick into her naked tight hole. Jill's eyes
almost watered up as jill moaned as she impaled herself on Jack.

Pausing a moment, jill took in the pleasure of a filled cunt. "Whore! Get over
here and pleasure my Husband's balls while I fuck the shit out of him!" ordered
jill in a low stern voice.

Jack leaned back as his young blonde wife road his stiff one. Almost immediately
he felt the other dedicated slave's tongue dance over his loose warm balls.

Pam heard jill cum, time after time. Although concentrating on her job she
wanted to cum so bad and it got worse each time jill moaned. Time was lost to
pam as it would for most of the week. She felt her Master's balls go tight, his
hips plunged up hard to meet the slave's downward thrusts, she knew he was about
to blow.

She was right; he came hard into jill's hot hole. As he had planned, he
abstained from cumming for a full day so he would have a great quantity. In fact
Jack had planned most of the week.

On her hands and knees, a satisfied jill was cleaning her Husband's deflating
cock, under her, was pam. On her back jill was sitting on her mouth as she
sucked the Master's cum from her cunt.


Her work done, jill hugged and cuddled her Husband and after a quick grope she
trotted of to clean up. Pam quietly knelt next to her Master, her cunt flowing
with fluid and cum drying on her face. Jack leaned back and changed the TV to
the late morning news.

Jill returned, cleaned perfumed and wearing a panty and bra set that obviously
came from Victoria's secret. It matched her leather collar. She brought Jack an
Ice Tea.

While Jack sipped his tea, jill had slave pam stand. Leather cuffs with only a
foot of chain between them were locked around her ankles. Without the needed
kind word from the man she gave her body and soul too, pam was led away to the
kitchen by jill. Pam started out with only a mild curiosity about the same sex,
now she stared at the cute thong ass, wiggling in front of her.

A usual immaculate kitchen was somewhat of a mess. "Master let me leave the
housework for the last few days for you. Besides our toy, you will be our
serving wench for the week." Said jill.

Instead of the usual small rug in front of the sink was a plastic mat. Small
spikes covered the surface. Jill unhooked the leash and pointed to the mat. With
short hobbled steps pam stepped on the strange device. The spikes were not sharp
enough to penetrate but were painfully sharp. She found herself moving her feet
side to side to try to find a comfortable position, this amused First slave
jill.

Like most kitchens a window overlooked the sink. Jill took two small chains that
were attached to each cabinet that framed the window. With small locks she
locked the free end of the chain to each of the slave's nipple rings.
Jill gave each a nasty tough and with a hard slap on pam's ass she told pam that
she would be back later.

Pam started the dishes. Her feet tortured by the spikes of the mat and her
movements limited by the tight locked chains to her nipples.

While washing the stack of dishes, pam was periodically mauled and molested by
the first slave jill. Also her Master, used his camera to take pictures for the
website that he just set up. Pam did not know about that yet. He even went
outside and making her painfully lean forward and open the window, in order to
take frontal shots. Poor pam could hardly stand still as the spikes kept up the
pressure on the soft soles of her feet.
About half way through her task she remembered, there was a dishwasher in the
counter, right next to were she stood.

One other thing pam did not know yet was that besides video taken by Jack and
slave jill, was Jack had borrowed small hidden cameras from another Club member
for the week. He had plans to edit the video and sell it on the net.

Naked pam kept working at her task. About half way through the pile, jill came
in and sadistically shortened each nipple chain. This pulled up pam's heavy
udders and restricted her already limited movement.

Pam washed, rinsed and stacked as the chains did not allow her enough room to
dry and put the dishes away. When she was finished and had washed the sink, pam
spread her legs as wide as the chain would allow and put her hands behind her
head and waited to be released. This was not as simple as it seemed. While she
waited her Owner and the slave came and went several times, ignoring the waiting
slut.

Jill finally came over and stood next to the big tited slut. She roughly
unlocked the chains, pulling hard on pam's sensitive nipple rings. Putting the
slave bitch on her knees jill ordered pam to present her tits. Pam put a hand
under each udder. She lifted them as high as she could. Jill attached a clip to
each ring. The clips were attached to a leash and for the first time pam was led
on her hands and knees by a nipple leash.

As she followed jill, her hobble limited the speed that she could move. Jill led
her into the pantry. There connected to one of the shelves was a rather thick
black dildo. It was a few feet off the floor. Pointing to it jill instructed,
"There are one of these in each bedroom closet, the storeroom off the garage,
the attic, the tack room in the stable and in the garden shed. If someone comes
to the door that we do not wish to have see that piss poor body of yours, you
will find the nearest one, and shut the door." She moved pam closer," If you
notice it is just the right height. Until we come for you, you will practice
your cocksucking technique on it! Now start sucking!"

Pam shuffled forward and opened her mouth. Slowly she took the rubber dick into
her hot hole. Jill stood over her slave and watched her head bob up and down
along its length. Pam would pause and like the real thing, use her tongue along
its body and the fake balls.

"If you are gagged or plugged" jill continued, " you will back into it and
impale your open hole on its entire length. NO CUMMING! If you use your cunt the
first time you must use your asshole the next! I will keep track! Do you
understand SLUT!?"

Taking her mouth away from the phallus for a moment pam answered "Yes Ma'am,
this slave understands your instructions." She obediently returned to her job
until jill tugged on the leash and led the horny slave back to the kitchen.


It was time for lunch so jill allowed pam to stand and set her about making
sandwiches for her and Jack. Pam set about her task, as she had done this many
times in the last few months she knew where every thing was.

Jack and jill came into the kitchen just as the slave finished pouring the
drinks. Master Jack sat at the table; pam knelt by the sink while jill served
him. Before kneeling beside him to eat her lunch jill went cabinet and opened a
can of beef stew. She dumped the contents onto a plate and placed it on the
floor.

While Jack watched jill handed slave pam a wrapped package. "Open it slut." Was
the order.


"Thank you Ma'am." Said pam as she started ripping the thin wrapping.

A cold shiver coursed through pam when she saw the present. It was a red dog
dish. As she turned and looked at it she noticed the finely had written words.
"slave pam, horny whore, worthless pig and cocksucking cunt"

With a quiver in her voice the slave again thanked jill and her Master. Jill
pointed to Jack. Pam put the bowl down, crawled to her Owner and while kissing
his feet she thanked him many times. When he was satisfied and pushed her away
she was made to do the same to the blonde slave.

As pam ate her cold stew lunch off of the plate on the floor and drank her water
from her new dish, Jack and jill ate lunch making comments about their "dog
slave and K-9 cunt". Pam was not allowed to use her hands and had a hard time
trying to keep her face as clean as possible. She had only done this a few other
times and never with the humiliating bowl in front of her. It was hard for her
to take her eyes off of it.

Jill cleared the table and at Jack's quiet instruction, squatted behind the
slave as she licked the last of the food from the plate. Pam felt the first
slave's slender finger tap the anal plug to check that it was still seated then
it traced it's way down pam's upturned crack to the two new rings on her cunt
lips.
Smiling, jill took one in each hand and tugged and turned them. Jill pushed two
fingers slowly into pam's exposed cunt. She took a moment to wiggled them before
she drew them out. Jill then knelt and presented them to Jack.
"Your slut is wet Sir" she said.

He smiled, rubbed his young slave's tit and pushed her hand toward her mouth. As
erotically as she could she took the wet fingers in her mouth and sucked pam's
fluid.

For the second time in two hours pam found herself standing on the cruel spiked
mat washing the dished. Her nipples were left unlocked and she was allowed to
wash her face. Jack and jill retreated from the room to devise pam's next
torment.



Pam was made to stand in the middle of the living room as jill prepared her for
the rest of the afternoon while Jack took pictures.

Pam was bent at the waist and made to spread her ass cheeks while jill pulled
the plug out a few inches, so it could be seen in the picture, twisted it
several times and roughly shoved it back in causing poor pam to wince.

Now with her legs spread as wide as the hobble chain allowed and her hands
behind her head pam was made to push out her huge tits. Jill knelt in front of
the slave's cunt. With pleasure she attached bells to each cunt ring by a few
inches of chain. Also small lead weights were connected to same chain. As it was
the first thing that pam had ever attached to her rings she shook, fearing it
would do permanent damage, but her Owners knew what they were doing.

Next came the nipples, similar but heavier bells and weights were attached.
Tears started welling up in the slave's eyes but she so wanted to please she
maintained her position. This rated a kiss on the cheek from her slave Madam
"Good girl" she said.

Jill gently inserted bell earrings into each of the slut's four earring holes.
When she was pierced they made her add another to each ear.

For Jacks picture set jill made a big show of tying a nice frilly apron around
her charge's hourglass waist. A chain was run from the slave's thick collar to
about mid stomach where the center of the one-foot of chain that attached her
wrist cuffs was secured.

To please her Master and satisfy her slave nature, pam posed for a number of
pictures, showing her ass, lifting her tits and holding her nipple rings. Of
course she still thought that these were just for her Owner's pleasure.

While pam was showing off for Jack, jill had moved a wooden chair to the center
of the room. On it she placed a cock gag. When Jack was happy with the picture
pam was made to kneel in front of the chair. Jill ordered her to lean over and
gag herself. Like the cunt weights this was also something new. Pam felt her
cunt twitch as she felt very humiliated! More so when the camera flash went off.
Pam obeyed and sucked the dildo into her mouth and knelt erect. Jill reached
around and fastened the leather straps around her head. The good part was that
gags turned the slave on.

Slave pam's instructions, for the rest of the afternoon, were to clean the
bathroom assigned to her and two of the three bedrooms. This does not seem like
much but pam was now hobbled hand and foot, wearing 5-inch heels and she was
only allowed a small dust rag and brush to complete her job.

Before she was sent off pam was ordered to continue kneeling while Jack put jill
on her back on the floor and fuck her hard and fast while staring at poor pam.
Pam wanted that cock bad, very bad, so bad a tear ran down her left cheek.

After jill swallowed her Husband's cum; pam was set about her work. She was only
stopped for pictures and the occasional drink of water when the now dressed jill
removed her gag. Jill would also appear with the video cam to record the older
slave's humiliating tasks. Jack also would stop and watch her. He got a very big
kick out of all the bells as the jingled and rung with each step and movement.

Dinner went much as lunch did. Pam was partially released from her bonds and was
made to eat like a puppy as Jack again documented it. She flushed with
embarrassment when he would call her a "good mutt" and told her how easy she had
had it so far.

When slave pam was finished with her meal she cooked dinner for her tormenters
and as they sat in the dinning room she served them the evening meal like a good
servant. Of course the Master was dressed. Jill was allowed to sit opposite
wearing her collar and a short silk robe. It has been months since pam had given
herself to them but no matter how she tried she could not get used to being
naked while others were dressed. Her reading showed this was a rather common
embarrassment.

The evening was rather mundane. Jill sat at Jack's feet as they watched TV. Pam
now stripped down to her collar cuffs and bells waited on her Owners.
When she was not being used she knelt off to the side of the room. She knelt
with her head to the floor and her arms behind her back, unable to enjoy the
Television. At times she heard the sounds of slave jill sucking and licking
Jack's thick dick. Again denied the need to have the man's hard dick a wave of
anxiety flowed through her. When she heard her moan and grunt she knew he was
giving jill the seed that she herself needed and desired.

The sleeping arraignments were simple. Pam slept on a foam pad next to Jack and
jill's king-size bed. A leash was attached to her neck and the other end to the
thick wood headboard on Jack's side. This made things easy, whenever Jack
required her service. He just pulled her up by the leash directed her movements
and pushed her back onto the floor.


That is how the first day went. Rather than following a direct chronology I will
now just tell you about specific incidents as they were related to me, or shown
to me on video. These incidents are in a sort of order but that order is not
important.




PART 2

Although she knew it was bound to happen pam still shivered when jill told her
that it was time to go shopping. After her humiliating morning meal of luke warm
oatmeal and water from her dishes on the kitchen floor and completing her
morning chores jill took pam to the bedroom.

Pam was only left alone while she cleaned her rear hole out. When she completed
that jill watched her douche her hot cunt and directed her shower and shaving
her pussy. Jill also instructed the slave how to and how much make-up to put on.

Jill laid out pam's clothes and some devices she was expected to wear. Pam
replaced the large nipple rings with her small ones then picked up an unfamiliar
harness. If you read B & D catalogs you have seen it but it had a custom twist.
It was a harness that held a thick ass plug and a large studded dildo. Pam was
ordered to kneel erect in front of jill. "Give those cocks your best blow job,
cunt!" ordered the dominant slave.

Pam slowly took the dildo in her mouth. She ran her wet tongue over the plastic
surface, wetting it before she slowly pushed it deep into mouth. Jill was
pleased with the sensuous look on pam's face. She did not know that pam imagined
it was her Master's cock. She had been there 24 hours and the pleasure of
blowing her Master had been cruelly denied her.

Jill felt her own cunt get wet. She wanted that slut's mouth sucking her hole
but that was not part of Jack's instructions. When the dildo looked wet enough
she had pam start on the thick butt plug. Pam hoped she would be allowed more
lubricant than her own saliva. Jill made her stretch her mouth painfully wide,
while trying to take the thick part deep.

"Is your cunt wet, bitch?" asked jill.

"Yes Ma'am, your bitch's cunt is very wet." Answered pam.

Pam was made to push the butt plug into her cunt and use her own juices to add
the need lubricant. Of course she desperately wanted to use it to make herself
cum, and jill enjoyed watching the slave suffer and enjoyed denying her that
pleasure even more.

Pam fastened the leather belt around her waist and leaning forward she slowly
shoved each phallus in her open holes. Jill had to rub her cunt through her
jeans as a loud moan escaped pam's lips.

Jill told pam to stand in front of her. The custom part of the harness was that
just passed the attachment of the big studded dildo, the leather split. Jill
made sure that pam's pierced cunt lips were on each side of the belt. She then
made sure that the harness ran on either side of the slave's clit. This kept any
real stimulation away from the slut's tender part. Jill took small locks and
attached the crotch strap to the belt.

Pam was standing with her legs spread as wide as she could and her hands were
behind her head. She felt jill playing with her cunt rings. Jill pulled the
rings together around the leather strap and attached another lock. This
effectively secured the dildos into the slave's hole.

Pam found it stimulating and difficult to pull on her thigh high stockings and
her high heels. Jill handed her a tight skirt. Pam wiggled her ass to get it on.
It was long enough to be worn to an office and did not show the leather belt
shape though the material, but if pam bent over too far or crouched down the
hanging pad lock would most certainly show.

Pam was happy when jill gave her a very pretty Victoria's Secret bra, as she
assumed that she would have to go braless and show her nipple rings. Her delight
was short lived. Jill held up the big cups. Sewn into each at the tips were
squares of very rough and course material. It was a material Jack used in his
woodwork. Pam dared give jill a puzzled look and was told just to put it on and
it was none of her fucking business what the material was.

Pam winced as she shook her heavy jugs into the pretty but tortuous bra. The
material immediately started rubbing her sensitive nipples. The bra pushed up
her great tits and accented her cleavage.

The blouse was rather conservative but jill made her leave the top three buttons
open to display her immense cleavage.

A thick gold chain and a one-inch locket replaced Pam's collar.

"This is a gift from your Master" said jill as she opened the locket "Even after
you leave here this week you will wear this quite often, Master Jack will give
you instructions."

Pam looked at the open locked. Inside was a picture of a naked pam, collared
with her legs spread wide. One the other side it said "Any one who sees this may
fuck my property, Jack M"

Pam was appalled. " This is no joke, slave. If anyone takes the locket from you
and opens it without asking is your Master or Mistress for the moment. You must
do what they sat. Now lets get going!" said jill.

As they drove to town, pam found it hard to concentrate on her job of reading
bondage stories to jill. The plugs moved within her with each bump and the cold
padlock rubbed against her inner thighs. Jill purposely took the worst roads to
the highway to make the slave's big tits bounce and jiggle. Each thud made pam's
nipples rub on the now torturous pads in her bra.
Jill would yell at her each time she tried to grab her tits to stop her torment.

Jill dropped pam off at the grocery store and told her that she would be back
after going to the bank on Menaul. Pam noticed jill on the cell phone as she
drove off.

Feeling over dressed she took her shopping cart and started shopping. After the
first aisle pam felt weak on her feet. Every sensitive part of her body was
being stimulated and by now she felt that every eye was on her, and of course
with her tits sticking out many were.

On her list was almost every cock shaped vegetable. She spent several minutes to
pick the ones she thought would please her Master. She did notice a tall dark
man with a thick mustache eyeing her. After her embarrassing blush went away she
just thought he was staring because of her skirt or tits.

Checking out it seemed that all six, bag boys wanted to bag her food. She smiled
politely and thanked them. Just then she suddenly became aware of the cold
padlock between her legs, this sent a shiver up her spine and raise goose bumps
all over her skin.

Jill had not returned for her yet, on purpose, but pam did not know that. She
had to stand next to her cart in front of the store. She suddenly felt someone
come up behind her, it was the tall dark man. She noticed he was about her
Master's age and was carrying only a single bag. He nodded to her and gave her a
small smile. " Can I help you?" he said

Surprised that he spoke to her pam smiled back and said "No thank you, my ride
should be here soon." Then remembering that she was trained to be extra nice
"Very kind of you Sir, but I will be fine."

He nodded and headed for his pick up.

A few moments later jill pulled up. Pam put the bags in the bed of the truck
while jill sat in the cab. "Did you get everything?" asked jill as pam buckled
herself in. "Yes Ma'am, I hope this slave's choices will be adequate." She
answered.

Jill drove around town stopping in five or six places for one thing or another.
If she did not make pam get out and do the task she made her get out and
accompany her into the store. She stopped to pay a loan and specifically ordered
pam to smile and show her tits to the loan officer. Pam was mortified; she had
never acted that way. Jill saw the hesitation; "you will be punished for that,
cunt. You are our whore and will act that way! Do you fucking understand?
Besides I know you love it!" spat jill.

"Yes Madam jill, your slut is sorry and will do as told and you are correct I
need to be your slave." Answered a sheepish pam.

In the office pam did as she was told. While jill paid the bill pam flirted with
the rather fat and ugly man. He almost looked like he was drooling.

The final humiliation of the trip was when pam had to pump the gas into the
truck and wash the window while the younger woman sat sipping the soda that pam
had fetched for her.

At home Jack greeted the two slaves by the side door. He simply snapped his
fingers and pointed to the ground. Each slave knelt on the doormat, bending with
their asses in the air each rained kisses on his dirty boots. Only pam worried
about someone driving by the semi-secluded house.

Pam stripped off her skirt and blouse there at the door and was made to make the
second trip to the truck in the driveway in her bra and harness.

Jack stared and studied his slave in training, as she put away the groceries. He
stopped her and felt the wet tops of her thigh highs. With a finger under her
chin, he lifted her head up and kissed her very deep and lovingly. Pam
automatically crossed her wrists behind her back and almost fainted. In
preparation for this week it had been weeks since he had kissed her in such a
way. Feeling her leaning toward him, Jack grabbed her big tit and squeezed.
The rough pad pressed into her raw nipple, but that did not phase the slave lost
in lust.

Jack released the slave from her bra, secured her wrists behind her and when
jill walked in had the slut on her knees fucking her mouth as he sat in a
kitchen chair. Pam did her job with enthusiasm, taking the thick cock deep in
her slave throat and begging for his white sperm.




PART 3 LATER PUNISHMENT

Slave pam knelt in the middle of the master bedroom. Her hair was pulled into a
tight ponytail high on her head. A thick leather blind fold blinded her. Heavy
leather cuffs caressed her wrists and ankles. Her big nipple rings were again
adorned with the hanging bells and finally a very heavy collar was locked around
her neck.

She waited for her Owners to come for her. He thoughts filtered back to the
recent passed and how horny she had gotten by being publicly and privately
degraded and humiliated.

Pam heard the door open and felt jill pull hard on her ponytail. The slave rose
to her feet. Jill fastened a split leash to each of the slave's nipple rings.
With a sharp tug jill lead the blind slave out of the room and down the hall.
The big tited slave kept her wrists behind her back and her head down, as she
was lead to the "Room". The little bells jingled with each step, amusing jill
immensely.

Jack had finished setting up the devices he was to use to train and punish he
older buxom slave. The tapes were running as a naked jill led pam into the
subdued-lit room.

Pam was positioned in the center of the room. She assumed the standing waiting
pose that she had been taught, legs spread wide head down. Her wrists were
already behind her. The slave let out a painful gasp as jill dropped the nipple
leash and it pulled painfully on her tits. Naked blonde jill removed the slave's
blindfold but she kept her eyes downward. Jill retreated and took her place,
kneeling beside a table of punishment equipment.

Young Jack was dressed in sweat pants. He circled the plump slave, running his
hands over her soft ass and tender thighs. "You hesitated in doing as my first
slave told you!" said Jack in a soft but threatening tone.
"You will be punished for that and so you do not ever forget to obey again!"

"Yes Master Jack" answered pam.

"Do you know the other reason you will be punished?" he asked

"No Sir" she whimpered

"Because I feel like it, isn't that fucking right, bitch!" he spat

" Oh Yes Sir I have no rights Sir." Said pam trying to please her tormenter.

Jack unclipped the leash from her nipples then grabbed her ponytail and turned
his slave toward the other side of the room. As he did jill hit a switch and lit
up the device where pam would spend the next hour.

Using her hair to guide her the sadist directed his property to the device. She
struggled to get a good look at it. It was a wooden "T" highly polished with the
base attached to a platform a few inches high. The bottom of the "T" had some
pegs and other hardware attached. And the top of the platform looked strange.

Jill rose and stood by as Jack directed the slave onto the device. Pam jumped
slightly as the spikes on the platform dug into her feet. They were similar to
the ones by the kitchen sink but sharper. Jack had taken a plastic desk floor
protector, cut it out, and attached it upside down to the platform.

Pam was pushed up against the "T". The top crosspiece pressed into the bottom of
her big tits. Jack released her wrists "Put your tits on the brace" her ordered.
Pam picked up her lovely breasts and moved gently forward until the cross member
touched her chest, she then lowered her tits and placed them on the wood.

The slave felt something and looked down, jill had grabbed her ankles and was
securing them to the platform by chains. The spines dug into the soles of her
feet.

Jack took attached leather straps, running them over the top of pam's tits and
through locks on the device he tightened them down. The straps pulled her large
bags down into the smooth depressions of the cross bar. Pam winced as her
tightened the leather down. Her tits ballooned with the nipples hanging over the
opposite edge. She looked down and saw her nipple rings and bells hanging over
the edge.

When Jack was satisfied he pulled on her ponytail, making her lean backward,
pulling on her tied tits. "ahh" moaned the slave.
Jack laughed and pushed her back into position. He walked around in front of the
slave, she made sure to divert her eyes. Jack concentrated on pam's nipple
decorations. He tapped, pulled and rang the bells.

While Jack was playing with her bound tits, jill was working, wrapping a belt
around the slave's waist. She roughly grabbed the slave's wrist and attached the
cuffs to each side of the belt. Jill took a few moments to indulge her lesbian
side. She rubbed, pinched and licked the bound slut's smooth and sexy ass. Pam
did not know how to act. She was turned on by Jack's abuse of her big bound
breast and now the tender touch of a beautiful woman felt so good at her other
end.

As time had gone away and no one involved cared anyway I do not know how long
they played with their property before Jack gave up the tits and jill plunged
her fingers into pam's open cunt to make sure she was responding properly to the
torment. She was. Pam was as wet and sensitive as she ever was.

Reaching through the slave's legs, jill attached chains from the upright of the
"T" to pam's cunt rings. As she pulled her hand back she took a second to reach
up and rub the slave's engorged clit. Pam's knees weakened with pleasure and if
her tits were not supporting her she would have surely fell to her knees.

Now fully bound, Jack took out his ever-present still camera and shot his
property from many angles. Jill joined in with a video camera although the
hidden cameras caught all the action. Jill smiled, as she could not wait to see
how pam would react when she found out that all this was going out on a web
site!

The two dommes loved watching the slut wiggle. The pain in her crushed tits met
the pain and discomfort of the spikes in the soles of her feet. Jill held on to
her camera as Jack's attitude changed. He laid his camera down and walked over
to the whip rack. He stood there for a minute or so, lost in thought. He finally
picked up flexible leather paddle.

When she heard the slap of Jack testing the instrument, poor pam tried to turn
her head. As flexible as she was the slave could not turn far enough and only
wound up pulling at her tormented tits.

Jack pushed the paddle in slave pam's face. Her training of the last few months
took over. She passionately kissed it and begged her Master to use it on her.
The painslut did want it and shook in fear and excitement as she waited for the
first blow.

Jack started easy but that did not lesson the tension and it still hurt. She let
out a yelp! Pam found that she had to keep her position. That would be the
hardest as her Sadist increased the strength of the strikes. Pam knew she could
not get away, not that she wanted too.

 "WHAP!" Went the second blow on her nice firm ass. Slave pam clinched her bound
fists.

"Slap!" a little harder. Pam tried to keep leaning forward, if she lost her
balance her big tits would be painfully pulled, and her labia chains would
strain.
The next stroke made pam loudly moan and a tear appear. During the pause that
gave her a moment to catch her breath pam just lost her thoughts in lust. The
sight of Jack's cock, in fact any cock flashed through her mind.

"WHAP!" went the next one and that broke the slave, "MASTER!"She yelled, "Please
fuck your slut..!" she begged.

"Slap!" "YYYess" the slave moaned, feeling her cunt twitch!
Pam could not help it; she started moving her ass in a circle. Pushing it out
and around as much as her bonds let her. The bitch was in heat; she wanted
anything in any hole. Her needs made her torture herself. The spike pushed
painfully into the soles of her feet and she felt the strain on her big tits.
Jack knew the slut would act this was and designed the torment with her actions
in mind.

Jack smiled at his naked blonde slave wife, as he took aim for the last
punishing blow. He waited until the horny slave pushed out her hot ass as far as
her cunt chain would allow.

 "WHAP!" went the leather on the red ass.

" MORE, Master please beat me, more!" begged pam. She thought she was about to
cum.

Her wants fell into Jack's plan. He dropped the paddle and reached up and
grabbed pam's ponytail. Pulling it back sharply he kissed her passionately,
tasting some of her tears. She moaned in lust into his mouth.

"Have you learned to do what I say, cunt?" he said

"Yes Sir" she said breathlessly not really remembering what she did nor actually
caring.

He moved his hands over her tormented body. Taking a lot of time to play with
her crushed and stretched tits. He liked how the bells rang with each of her
horny hip thrusts.

When he would move to a different part of her body he would kiss her deeply.
This just melted the older woman. With his tongue deep in her mouth Jack touched
her hot twat. He felt the wet inner thighs; fluid ran to the slave's knees.

Jack snapped his fingers; jill scurried over and knelt behind bound pam. On her
way she put down the camera and picked up a large vibrating dildo.

As planned the slave wife turned on the vibrator and slowly started working it
up pam's open and wet cunt. Pam used all her strength to stand and was grateful
to her Master for helping to hold her up as jill worked the thick dildo,
torturously slow, into her hole.

Jill's intention and instruction was to bring the slave close to orgasm then
back off, keeping her on edge. But that did not happen, as soon as the dildo was
fully swallowed by the slut's wet hole, pam reared her head back and yelled,
"YEEESS! Fuck my cunt!"

With a nod from her Owner, jill continued to fuck her slave! She knew that Jack
would punish her for failing to keep pam from cumming, so she rammed the big
dildo hard into the wet twat.

After her third orgasm, pam could not talk. She just moaned loudly. Jack's thick
cock rubbed against his slave as he held her tight. With a wave of his hand jill
dropped the slim covered rubber cock between the slave's legs and released the
chains holding pam's ankles. As Jack held the older slave his slave wife
released the big tits from the stocks and helped her Master lower the weak slave
to the floor.
They moved her over to a fluffy quilt, and released her wrist. Jack stripped off
his clothes and lay down on a low padded table. He simply snapped his fingers
and pointed to his hard dick. With a smile his blonde wife quickly dove on it
engulfing it with her talented mouth. Jack lay back with his hands behind his
head and watched his wife throat his dick.

Jack would stop jill when he would get too close to blowing his load. He did not
restrain his show of pleasure; he moaned and directed her actions.

Pam slowly recovered her senses and hearing her Owner, she managed to sit up and
watch him and his wife in the dim light.
Jack noticed pam watching. Grabbing his wife's golden hair he pulled her mouth
off his cock and guided her so she straddled his waist. Reaching behind her she
grasped his rod and guided it into her bare wet slit.

Jill rode his hard dick, waiting for his permission to cum. Jack ordered pam as
he raised his legs up and put his feet on the table, "Slave! Get your lazy ass
over here and lick my ass!"

Pam complied; she crawled across the floor until she was in-between her Lord's
legs. On her knees she reached up and spread his ass cheeks. She ignored jill's
beautiful young ass bouncing in front of her. Pam stared at the brown pucker she
was ordered to please as she lowered her head for one of the most degrading
things she could do.

Jack directed jill to slow down so he could enjoy pam's tongue swirling around
the sensitive skin around his asshole. The slave pam had only preformed this act
once before. She licked and kissed the tender flesh to give pleasure to her Lord
and Master. Pretty pam ran her tongue around the hole then up to his balls,
bathing each in her mouth then back down to the hole.

Jack told jill that she could cum, as he was close. She humped his cock hard and
slow pulling her left nipple, twisting and yanking it. Knowing her Husband she
reached around and pushed pam's face into his hot ass. She obediently shoved her
tongue deep into his hole, rimming it as fast and smoothly as she could. For a
moment pam came out of her sexual haze and realizes what she was doing and felt
so humiliated and remembered that she would have to watch herself on tape over
and over.

Jack blew his big wad deep into his wife, now cumming for the second time. All
three humans collapsed in a heap. With a few minutes rest, jill automatically
started licking and sucking her Husband's deflating dick clean. Jack ordered
tired pam to clean between his wife's legs. Again pam crawled between someone's
legs. She started to work on the woman, being reminded not to forget her tight
asshole.




PART 4 More	

Pam was doing her housework, in the most humiliating way of course. She was
dressed in a full maid's costume, a few modifications of course. Her big tits
were barely contained in the low cut top. The short white apron did cover more
but the slave had be careful not to lean over too fast. She was careful,
balancing on the six-inch heels, these were newly purchased with her credit card
of course. She had also put the slave in a garter belt and hose.

Jill had spent an hour on the slave's make up and hair. After pam sucked and
licked a large dildo attached to a high stool, she was ordered to impale herself
on the rubber rod. Pam showed no hesitation, she stood on a couple of rungs of
the stool and with only one or two strokes, filled her hot hole with the
phallus.
After jill did the slave's lips she locked a ring gag in her mouth, another
first for the lovely slave pam. Jill was like a little girl with a doll as she
applied the make-up. The blonde slave was so proud of herself; after she gently
pinned on the little white hat she stood back and took in her work.

Her tormenters were generous with the chain that connected her ankles; she could
almost take a full step. Her wrists had the usual short chain attached. Of
course she wore her thick collar.

Jill had the slave pose for her digital camera. Pam, now got a rush from posing
for these kind of pictures. If she was not gagged she would smile, but the
camera caught the twinkle in her eyes. Pam bent over, opened her ass and cunt
for the camera, she lay on the bed and split her legs wide and pulled her tits
from her uniform and proudly showed them off.
When jill was satisfied with the shots she locked the slave's cunt shut by her
rings.

Pam found herself in the guest bedroom, gently dusting the knickknacks on the
dresser. She was startled by the ding-dong of the doorbell. It is the first time
she had heard it since she started coming over to her Owner's house. She stopped
and listened to it ring a second time, and started to go back to her work but
with a sudden start she remembered her instructions. With her tits bouncing she
hurried into the closet, hoping the dildo would be there, she dreaded having to
go to the Master bedroom and the chance of being seen. She looked around and
found a long red dildo attached to one of the shelves.

She knelt, took a condom from next to the dildo and quickly opened it. She
unrolled it over the dick and turned her ass to the prick. With difficulty she
back her ass toward the shelf. She managed to put her legs on either side of the
support. Pam could not use her hands to spread her ass cheeks so she wiggled her
butt until she felt the dildo press on her asshole. With steady pressure she
pushed back, until she felt the first small pain before the head popped through
her muscle. Pam knew she must hurry as jill could come in and check on her
obedience at any time.

With steady pressure she impaled the entire length of the rod deep in her shit
hole. The slave took a deep breath when she felt her cheeks hit the wood. The
cock was larger than her Master's was but she had taken thicker dildos in her
training.

There, on hands and knees the slave slut pam waited. She waited for her Master
or Mistress to come in and humiliated her. Humiliating the older woman with
words, pictures and actions. The shame pam felt also made her cunt wet and her
skin tingle. Endorphins rushed through her system with each stroke of the whip
and each degrading act she agreed to perform.

Although pam had no way of knowing about forty minutes passed, with the long
phallus up her ass, before she heard talking outside the closed closet door.
Even thought pam had prepared herself for the entry of one of her Owners she
still jumped when the door opened.

Pam did not look up but she heard her Master's voice softly say "Very good
slave, very good. Now stay still and quiet."

The submissive had only a second to wonder why he said that. She heard another
person move into the doorway and make a comment "Nice"

"Oh my God!" thought pam and a strong shiver coursed through her whole body. "A
stranger!" The shiver ended between her legs, she felt her cunt twitch in
excitement.

"You may look this way, my dear," said Jack.

The slave slowly raised her head and looked toward the door. Her Master stood
back a little to allow a tall strange man to get a good look at her. The man
looked strangely familiar to the slut but she could not place him. He was tall
dark, Hispanic and had a thick mustache. He spoke to her Owner in a muted voice,
with his mouth turned from the slave. She could not hear more than a word or
two.

"You may release yourself and crawl out here!" ordered Jack.

Horny pam nodded her head in recognition to the order and slowly started to move
forward. If you are a slave you will know what it is like to have a big dick
pulled out of your ass, that is of course the pleasure and disappointment pam
felt. She felt so empty and open when she cleared the dildo. Turning she
unrolled the rubber off the shaft and placed it in the small trashcan along with
the wrapper.

As she crawled out to the bedroom her Master took a seat on the bed and the
stranger sat on the chair near the door. When she reached a point between them
Jack ordered her to stand. He made her turn and show herself to the stranger. He
then put her through several poses to show off her attributes. She had to bend
and pull up her skirt to show off her ass and twat. She turned and released the
upper part of her apron and pulled out her tits. Bending forward she was made to
hold them and display them to the man. She had to shake and jiggle them like a
stripper. She pulled on her rings to show how secure they were. Jack was pleased
how well and quickly she obeyed even though she was beet red with embarrassment
and humiliation. She had never done this to anyone but Jack and had not expected
to ever do this to anyone else.

The stranger only broke a small smile and a nod of approval to Jack. The slave
really felt like a piece of meat or an animal at the state fair. Little did she
know this was just the first step.

"Well Pete, should we eat lunch?" said Jack.
Pete answered "Yea thanks".

As Jack passed the posing slave he removed her gag and told her to pull herself
together and meet jill in the kitchen.
"Yes Sir" answered pam as she pulled her apron up and slowly followed the
Masters down the hall.

Pam found jill in the kitchen just finishing up some sandwiches. Pam was
surprised to find jill dressed in just a string bikini. The slave went to her
knees, "What can this slave do for your Madam jill?" she asked.

"Take the tray out to the Masters, and do not forget your manners!" said jill.
"Yes Ma'am" replied the slave as she rose to get the tray.

The men were sitting out on the back patio; again the slave had to perform
outside, to her dismay. The back was fenced and only faced a hill with nice pine
trees but just the loss of privacy truly scared the submissive woman.

Pam stopped next to the table and bent at the waist. She removed the plates and
put them in front of the men. Jill had already set the table and had already
eaten, this surprised pam. Jill followed with beers for them.

Pam went to her knees, "Master Jack, what may this slut do for you and your
friend?" she said, hoping that was the right thing as she had never served a
stranger before.

It seemed to work. Jack said, " Go over to that board, kneel on it, spread your
legs wide and hold your ass open for us."
Jill released the slave's cuffs so she could comply.

"Yes Master, thank you Master" she said in a puzzled tone.

The board was a 4X8 supported on a couple of cinder blocks by the edge of the
patio.  Pam walked over to it and gently knelt on the board, it seemed stable
enough. She opened her legs as wide as the chain would allow, pulled up her
skirt and exposed her ass and cunt to the dommes. She flushed red again. She was
thankful she was in the sun as it was warm that spring day. She felt the sun
slowly heat up the bare skin of her exposed ass. She had lost some of her tan,
even though she had done the tanning booth thing once or twice that winter.
After a minute she moved some to make her legs a little more comfortable. What
that did is make her very aware of the heavy padlock that locked her cunt
closed. While she stayed in that degrading position she wondered what was next.
She was hot from the thoughts of what the stranger's cock was like and was he
some exotic Master. She made up several fantasies to pass the time. She could
not hear what they were talking about from that distance.

While the men ate and talked jill stood by Jack quietly. She stood as a slave,
head bowed and hands behind her back. When they need something she would scurry
off and fetch it in silence and present it to them without a sound. The table
was more in the shade and the air was cooler, this gave the men some amusement
as jill's cold nipples stood out so far it looked like they were going to pop
through her bikini.

Pete was on the board of the Club. Jack had him there to talk about bringing in
pam as probationary member, belonging to him and jill.
As they had already sort of, broke some rules by having the slave outside the
Club they were being a little more political than usual, they did not want to be
"quarantined" for several months. Jack showed Pete slave pam's credentials.
Sexual history, which was rather short, STD tests, and other documents as to
background.
Pete had already views a number of the tapes they had made of the slave's
training and was just being told of the web site the couple had set up. He was
rather pleased, especially because he was shortly to take advantage of the
slave.

The meal was nice and simple and the view was great. Yes pam was voluptuous but
that was very pleasing to Pete who had a hard on for most of the meal.

Jill called the slave; she held the tray while jill cleaned off the table. As
she stood there, she shuddered a little when she felt the stranger's had touch
her leg just behind her knee. As much as she tried she still tightened up as
Pete slowly caressed her leg as he moved his hand up to her ass. Pam did not
move when jill put the last glass on the tray and waved her away. The stranger
was running his hand over her ass and into her crack. Jill was annoyed until she
noticed what was happening. She then smiled and left for the kitchen.

As taught, pam slowly opened her legs when Pete started probing toward her bare
crotch. He felt how wet her inner thighs were and after moving his fingers
between her cunt lips he took a minute to tap the lock. He liked how it swayed
and pulled on her flesh.

"Do you want to use the playroom?" asked Jack, taking a sip of beer.

Pete looked at his watch, " I would fucking love too but I do not have the time.
I have to pick the wife up shortly, but this bitch has caused me some
discomfort."

"The living room is on the way" smiled Jack.

"OK thanks, bitch met me in the living room!" he ordered pam.
When he was finished, Pete slapped the slut on the ass and she moved off toward
the kitchen.

Pam put the tray on the counter and started to leave. Jill barked at her as she
was supposed to do the dishes. "Mistress jill, I am ordered to met your friend
in the living room, I think I am to be used or must serve him." She said with a
stutter.

Jill smiled and waved her out. Pam left as fast as her chained ankles would let
her.

She met Jack in the hall; he clipped her wrist cuff together behind her back,
removed her apron and pulled her big tits out of her blouse. She again was
slapped hard on the ass to send her on the way.

When she entered the living room, the stranger was sitting on a chair by the
door. His legs were spread and he was unbuckling his belt. Hoping it was what he
wanted she went to her knees between his legs and kept her head down, but could
still see his crotch.
He pulled out his hard cock; pam was surprised and then scared. It was a good 10
inches long. She had taken dildos that big but not a real one.

No romance, no foreplay and without concern for the slave he grabbed her hair
and pulled her mouth to his cock. Pam took as much as she could. As she sucked
and licked pam realized again that she was being used and abused like a beast.
She was happy when she heard him moan. She was learning to be a good cocksucker.
When he was not pulling her hair Pete was reaching down and grabbing her big
tits and pulling her nipple rings.

Pam was looking forward to a mouth full of cum, but instead when his balls were
pulled up tight and his dick rock hard, he pulled her up by her nipple rings and
pushed her over the arm of the chair.
Pam heard him open a condom pack and in a moment felt his rubber-covered dick
pushing on her exposed brown pucker as he spread her cheeks.

She relaxed her muscle and readied herself for the pain. He was not gentle. With
steady pressure he shoved his dick all the way into her ass. Pam gritted her
teeth and grunted, enduring the short pain.
The slut realized that she was an anal slut when as soon as the head of his dick
cleared her opening she pushed back. This fact was not lost on the stranger.

Pete pounded the slut's ass, using her costume and hair for leverage. Pam pushed
back wanting that big hard cock deep in her asshole.
"FUCK THIS SLAVE'S ASS, MASTER, YEEESS!" she yelled.

Standing in the doorway were Jack and jill. He had his hands under her bikini
top as they watch. Jill was rubbing her cunt with one hand and her Husbands cock
with the other.

Pete grabbed the slave's ample hips and shoved his cock deep as he blew his
load! Then several short thrusts, with each he gave her a sharp slap to her ass.

Pam did everything to keep from cumming without permission and when she did she
tried to hide that fact. When the sadist relaxed pam went limp on the chair.
Jack and jill 7 halted their erotic fondling they had plans.

When Pete was slightly deflated her ordered pam to clinch her ass. Putting his
fingers on his prick he pushed the rubber off his dick as he pulled out, leaving
the rubber hanging half hanging out of the slave's ass. The Master gave pam
another hard slap on the ass and ordered. "Hold that in until your Owner's tell
you to remove it. You might do, for a lousy whore bitch!"

Weakly she replied "Yes Sir, your order will be obeyed".

Pete zipped up and after thanking Jack and telling him he would support them he
left.

It only took a few minutes for jill to be naked and Jack to have his pants down.
The camera in the corner of the room not only taped pam's ass fucking but also
now was filming the trio. Jack sitting on the chair, jill between his legs deep
throating his hard cock and slave pam, on her back her legs spread with the
rubber humiliatingly hanging out of her ass. jill was kneeling over pam's face
with her slick bare pussy pressed to her mouth. Pam knew what to do her lips and
tongue was pleasing her Mistress.

Jill came more times than she could count before Jack blew his huge wad of cum
in her talented mouth. As jill leaned against her Husband's leg she made a weak
pam lick all the white cum from her face that she could not swallow.

Pam was made to keep that limp rubber sticking out of her ass for the rest of
the afternoon. She had to eat her lunch out of her dish with her ass sticking up
in the air as jill took pictures and laughed and made fun of the slut. The
cleaning jobs she was given kept her mostly on her knees so she could have her
ass displayed for pictures at any time. When she was allowed to remove she had
to hang it on the mirror of the small bathroom she was allowed to use.



CONSTRUCTIVE FEEDBACK IS WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED. AS WE ARE NOT PAID FOR OUR WORK
OUR ONLY REWARDS ARE YOUR COMMENTS. I ALSO OFFER A SMALL REWARD FOR GOOD
FEEDBACK. ESPECIALLY FROM REAL DOMS AND SUBS.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





