BDSM Library - Her Master's Slut




Her Master's Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fawn angers her Master, and he takes her to the chamber room were he takes his pleasures and punish his slut.
	Her Master's Slut

	By

	Hunter and Fawn

	

	Fawn walked into the room to kneel facing the lone chair that set
against the back wall. She bowed her head, waiting for the sound of her Master's
footsteps. A nervousness of uncertainty of the pain and embarrassment she would
have to endure filled her body. She waited patiently for the sound of his voice
that would be demanding and forceful, giving her little doubt how to fulfill his
desires. The expression on his face showed the displeasure when a sudden
outburst of anger came from her lips kept flashing through her mind. She had
tired to explain to him she was sorry, and it had been a long hard day at work.
It took her by surprise when he rose feet without speaking, and walked through
the doorway to the bedroom. Moments later he walked back into room, ordering her
to the chamber where he often took her to enjoy his pleasures, and to administer
her punishment. The sound of his footsteps broke her train of thought, making
her aware of his presence.

	"Disrobe slut," he demanded, setting in his chair to look down at her.

	"Yes, master," she softly poke, raising to her feet, pulling the
clothing from her body to let it lay at her feet. Now totally naked, and aware
of her Master's eyes on her nudity, she knelt to the floor in the position of a
slave to serve her Master.

	Hunter reached down, grabbing her by the arm; he dragged her to the
stone wall were the wrist shackles hung high. "Bitch I will teach you that mouth
is only used for a man's pleasure, and not to be used to speak."

	 Her Master pulled her to her feet and the pain of his jerks and yanks
on her body sent waves of pain through her small lean frame. The cool wall no
pressed against the front of her body, and no longer able to see her Master's
face. Fawn's stood on the tip of her toes just to make contact with the floor.
The discomfort from her body made her aware how hopeless, and pointless it was
to struggle. The tears started to from in her eyes. "Please master, I promise I
won't do it again, please don't," she pleaded. Fawn felt the cheeks of her ass
being pulled apart, and the pressure being applied to her asshole. Her body
struggled to escape the blunt instrument, but the wall prevented her movement.
"Oh gawd, don't, it hurts!"

	"Shut up slut, this butt plug will remind you of your disobedience, and
you will not remove it until I say so," Hunter said in a firm demanding voice.

	"Oh Shit," Fawn screamed with her face marred with a brief moment of
pain as the butt plug penetrated her asshole. The pain felt like a piercing
razor blade being shoved up her sensitive tight ass. The tears started to form
in her eyes, and trickle down her cheek. A bright sigh of relief escaped her
lips when the pain from the violation of her tight asshole started to subside.

	"Now slut, you going to feel the kiss of my crop," Hunter said.

	Fawn struggled to turn her head to see her Master, but his movement
remained hidden from her site. "Please Master, don't...please," Fawn pleaded.
Her face grimaced with pain from the hard metal shackles that pressed into her
flesh when she made an effort to turn her body. Fawn loved Hunter with all her
heart, and he knew what she needed. Hunter stood behind her; the touch of his
hand on her ass brought her back to the reality of her situation.

	"Love the feel my sluts soft skin," Hunter whispered.

	The first strike of the crop sent a searing pain from the cheeks of her
ass to her brain. "Oh shit, it hurts," Fawn screamed. Her body tensed, and
twisted on the shackles in an effort to deal with the agony that filled her
body. 

	Hunters hand slide across the area of flesh that had met the leather of
his crop. "Love the sight of redness on skin, and it feels so warm."

	Again the crop came down on her ass, and again the pain went screeching
through every fiber of her body. Fawn leaned her head forward against the wall,
and with her eyes tightly shut, she struggled to consume the pain and turn it to
the pleasure she often felt from his punishments. The wetness started to form in
her womanhood, and the fire deep inside her started to spread throughout her
pain filled body. The hunger to feel more of the crop fed the lust that now
consumed her every thought. "Yes, Master, make me pay for being bad, I deserve
it." Her legs now weak, she could no longer able to hold her body up on the tips
of her toes. Fawn's body slumped with the pain of the shackles on her wrist that
now held the weight of her body.

	The crop came down on her tender flesh again, and again. Her body
jerked, and twisted with each contact of the leather crop. At times Fawn felt
she would pass out from the pain that was mixed with the pleasure that filled
her pussy, but she struggled to keep her awareness of what her Master would do
to her.

	Hunter forced his hand between her thighs, and slipped two fingers into
her hot wet pussy. "I think your ready, slut."

	Fawn wondered what his words meant, and what he had in mind. She never
knew with Hunter, he could always push her to the edge, and pull her back.  The
sudden release of the shackles sent her body to the floor in the fetal position
with her eyes filled with tears.

	Hunter stood with his crop still in hand, and the sound of the leather
scepter slapping the side of his leg filled the room. "Now slut, kneel in the
middle of the room facing the door," her Master ordered.

	Fawn sore tired body crawled to the center of the room, not wanting to
cause any further displeasure for her Master. She feared his anger, and frame of
mind, and did not know how far he would go with her punishment for her
transgression. The knock from the door caught her by surprise, and she cut her
eyes toward the door without raising her head.

	"Come in," her Master said.

	The door opened, and in walked two strange naked men, using their hands
to pump their cock to hardness. Fawn struggled to keep the shock of surprise
that rushed through her body. 'Oh my gawd.' she thought. 'What is Master going
to have her do.' She pushed the horrors of the truth from her mind.

	"Greeting Master Hunter," both men spoke at the same time.

	"This slave needs to learn she is just a slut, and naughty sluts get
used by their Master. She has no choices, so fuck her like the slut she is,"
Hunter said.

	The strange men walked toward Fawn, her eyes wide with surprise at what
her Master had just said. All she could see were two hung hard cocks coming at
her that would soon be penetrating her small frame. In her mind she wanted to
run, and hide in a place of darkness, but she knew there were no choices. She
would have to endure whatever her Master requested of her; it's his right.

	The first stranger, older man with graying hair stood inches from her
face. The fragrance of his cock filled her nostrils, and the feeling of fear
mixed with humiliation raced through her body. She tried to deny the moisture
that was starting to build in her womanhood. The man's fingers slipped through
her hair to grasp hand full of her red curls, and pulled her mouth toward his
hard shaft. In an attempt to shut out this horrible humiliation, she tightened
her lips. The older man pulled on her hair, to force her mouth open. She
screamed out, and his massive shaft slipped between her open lips. Its size made
her jaw muscles ache, and the head hitting the back of her throat caused her to
gag. But the stranger made no attempt to pull it back, only to start moving his
hips to thrust his cock in and out of her mouth. The stretching of her mouth
beyond its capacity sent another wave of pain screaming to her brain.

	"Oh yes, the slut's mouth feels good," the older man said.

	"Le me have some of the sluts mouth," the younger stranger said.

	Fawn's head was jerked around, pulling the older man's cock from her
mouth. The young man's cock forced between her lips into the depths of her
mouth. The younger man's cock was smaller in width, but longer. Fawn had to
relax her throat muscles to take him deeper into her mouth. The fire inside her
burned hotter with lust, and her pussy became soaked with her own juices
trickling down the inside of her inner thighs.

	"Get on all fours slut," the older man ordered.

	Fawn leaned forward, never losing the cock thrusting deep into her
mouth. The intense desire to have both of the men's cocks in her consumed her
every thought. The younger man leaned back on the floor so her head would be
lower, and her ass high in the air. The younger man with his legs spread wide,
and the head of his cock slamming the back of her throat, "Suck it slut, like
the cunt fucking bitch you are."

	The words of the young man excited her, and she started to drift beyond
the world of reality into the world of pure pleasure. Her body jerked from the
slap on the cheek of her ass from the older man as he grabbed her hips to
position the head of his cock at the opening of her pussy. In a sudden movement,
he slammed his huge hard cock into the depths of her wetness. The penetration of
his cock sent a stimulating pain mixed with pleasure ran through her body. She
made an attempt to scream out, but the young man's cock only muffled the sound.
Both men started to fuck her like some cheap whore they had found on the street
corner. She had gotten to a point were nothing mattered, but the two cocks that
now filled her body. The intense desire for them to shoot their cum inside her
to extinguish the fire that burned out of control deep inside her body.

	"Slut, don't you cum, you don't have my permission," her Master ordered.

	The two men now ravaged her body, and each thrust of their hips, and
each thrust of their cocks into her body became more violent. At moments Fawn
struggled to keep consciousness from both the pain and the pleasure that rippled
through her. It had come to a point; she could no longer distinguish between the
two. The passion that now filled her body had forced into the world of pure
lust, and she no longer cared about the things around her, except for the two
instruments of pleasure that filled her body.

	The young man thrust his cock into the depths of throat as the head
jerked spewing his hot cum into her body. "Oh fuck...yes...shit yes slut." The
young man screamed out the words as his body stiffened from the intense climax.

	The older man forced her body forward with each thrust of his hips,
driving his large cock into the depths of her pussy. The fire inside her body
had reached the point that called out for release. "Oh please Master, let me
cum...please let the slut cum." She spoke the words with a lust filled pleading
voice.

	The older man forced his cock deep inside her pussy, and held her hips
in place. His cock jerked, spewing his cum into the center of her passion.
"Gawd, I love your tight pussy bitch," the older man screamed out.

	"Please Master...Please let me cum." Fawn pleaded.

	"Roll over slut," Hunter ordered.

	Fawn laid on her back with her legs spread, her finger massaging her
swollen clit. She looked up at her Master who had knelt next to her with his
hard cock in his hand. Her Master's cock jerked, shooting his hot thick cum onto
her face.

	"Wear my cum slut, feel it on your flesh slut," Hunter said, in a
passionate filled voice. Using the head of his cock, he spread the white hot cum
across her face, and along her lips. He pushed the cum soaked head between her
lips into her mouth. "Now cum slut. Fulfill the slut in you."

	Fawn's body screamed for release as she tasted her Master's cum. The
sudden rush of her own cum into her pussy became over whelming. "Oh fuck." She
screamed out the words with a marred look of pleasure covering her face. Her
body jerked uncontrollably as wave after wave rippled through her body. "Oh
yes...fucking yes."

	Hunter cleaned his cock on her flesh to put his cock back into his
pants. The two strangers left without saying a word, leaving her struggling to
regain her composure. Her heart pounded, and her breath labored from the intense
pleasure she had received. Even thought her body felt tired, it felt good, and
she no longer felt the stress that had consumed her body.

	The humiliation and guilt from what she had done started to fill her
thoughts. The strong urge to bury her face in her hands, and cry her eyes out,
but instead she looked up at her Master, and the love filled her body creating
warmth that she savored. Her Master knew the slut that dwelled in her, and knew
he enjoyed the pleasures she could give him. Her only purpose was to satisfy his
desires, and give him the pleasures the deserved as her Master.

	
THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hunters Fawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





