BDSM Library - The Electric Crab




The Electric Crab
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a South American Republic, Colonel Marcos and his assistant, Anna Perez, interrogtate a young woman unfortunate enough to have fallen foul of the Junta.
Interrogation One: The Electric Crab

The air inside the underground room was hot and sticky, overlaid with the smells
of excitement, sweat and fear.  The edges of the torture chamber were shrouded
in darkness but, as she was dragged through the door, the terrified girl could
see the gleam of white wall tiles and a jumble of nameless equipment on a bench
against one wall.

	The guards forced her forwards, laughing at her futile attempts to
resist. Still dressed in an expensive blouse and jeans, it was obvious from the
bruises, and the disarray of her clothes, that the soldiers had taken every
opportunity to fondle her well-developed body in the short period since her
arrest. Maria Jimenez, still shocked by being seized, cuffed and driven to this
detention centre, fought to control her breathing and her rising terror of what
unspeakable things were about to happen to her.  

	With her wrists cuffed in front of her and arms held in the iron grip of
the two brutal guards, she couldn't see past the Colonel's back, but was aware
that the only illumination was coming from four bright spotlights that were
focused beyond him, onto an area in the middle of the floor.  Abruptly, the
Colonel turned, signalling the guards to drag the young Brazilian student
forward until she could see what was happening in the hot glare of the lamps.
	
	Maria Jimenez nearly fainted in horror as she stared at the familiar
figure displayed in the harsh blaze of the lights.  Her best friend, Juanita,
had been stripped of her dress and panties that now lay discarded to one side. 
Completely naked, she had been mounted on what looked like a small leather
saddle, set about three feet off the floor on a thick steel shaft.  Her legs
were stretched painfully wide apart. Each ankle was lashed tightly to a ringbolt
set in the concrete floor, so that she was forced down in an obscene squatting
position, hard against the damp leather. 
	
	Juanita's hands were behind her back. Broad straps, the leather dark
with sweat, had been cinched tight round her upper arms, dragging her elbows
together and forcing her shoulders back whilst a single nylon tie bit viciously
into her wrists. A single rope, leading from the wrist tie to a hook in the
ceiling, was holding her up.  The rope had obviously been deliberately over
tightened, lifting Juanita's arms agonisingly up and away from her back, forcing
her to bend forwards so her large, round breasts now dangled away from her body.
	
	The watching girl saw immediately that such cruel bondage opened and
presented her friend's most intimate places to the cruel attentions of her
captors.  In particular, Maria saw how Juanita was unable to shield her
sensitive breasts from the hands of her tormentors. The diabolical torture
saddle was also designed to leave the core of a woman's body vulnerable and
open. The front was cut away and Maria could see the plump hairless purse of
Juanita's cunt jutting into thin air, completely unobstructed and exposed
between her widely parted thighs.
	
	Maria Jimenez started towards her friend, but the guards twisted her
arms viciously, holding her fast.  Before she could resist, a ceiling rope was
threaded through her own cuffs and her hands were jerked up above her head. 
They stopped hauling on the rope just as Maria reached tiptoe. She was left,
stretched and helpless, staring into the pitiless glare that bathed the
sweat-streaked body of her friend and the white-coated figure bending over her.
	
	The young Brazilian's eyes widened in horror when she realised that the
person standing by Juanita was not a man, as she automatically assumed, but a
young woman in her twenties. Dressed in a short white doctor's coat, her bare
legs hinted that she was naked beneath the starched cotton. As she looked up,
Maria saw the young woman's calm, confident face, almost devoid of makeup but
with strong bones and deep set, black eyes. Her black hair was cut so short it
was almost a crew cut.   Talking quietly with the Colonel, one hand continued
stroking the slope of Juanita's sweat-beaded breast where it dangled invitingly
beside her.
	
	The Colonel turned back to the terrified student. 'You may wonder why
your friend doesn't slip off our little toy,' he murmured, looking at the
straddled figure before them. 'You can't see it at the moment, but she is also
enjoying the feel of one of these.'  He walked back to the dangling figure
holding a thick, familiar shape. Colonel Marcos lifted the fat, curving dildo so
that Maria could see it more clearly. At first she couldn't understand why it
looked so odd then, with increasing horror, she understood. The black shaft was
covered with blunt spikes and sharp, swirling ridges. The colonel stroked the
fiendish device down the girl's cheek, watching her shudder as it scraped across
her skin.
	
	He let his hand drop and looked back at the girl in the lights. 'Of
course, now she's riding it fully, she doesn't feel it too much... as long as
she doesn't try and move. She's found that out quite quickly...' He chuckled to
himself, enjoying the shivering fear of the girl stretched out beside him. 'But
if she does wriggle a bit... well, I'm told the effect becomes increasingly
painful after a little while.' He paused, 'such a pity for her that the
lieutenant has so many ways of making her move...' 
	
	The Colonel looked across at Juanita. 'It's so very silly. All this show
of silence and bravery.' He raised his voice slightly, 'your friend will tell us
everything, absolutely everything ... in the end.' The colonel stroked Maria's
cheek very gently, 'just as you will too, my dear.' He smiled as the young
student twisted her head away, her lips tightly shut. 'Oh, please don't think
you can choose to keep silent; Lieutenant Perez here is one of my very special
experts in these matters. As a woman, she knows exactly how to provide quite
unbearable stimulation to all those delightful little places that a man might so
easily overlook. Pretty young students with rebel friends are a particular
favourite for both of us. So much delightful and responsive flesh to play
with...'
	
	He paused, watching Maria wriggling madly on the end of the rope. 'It
was Lieutenant Perez who designed that dildo I showed you.' His hand closed
round the girl's jaw and his voice became a low, calm whisper. 'Now, watch the
lieutenant and see what she does to your friend this time. Then you will talk to
me... or very soon it will be your turn in the spotlight!'
	
	He turned again to the woman who was still stroking Juanita's breast and
talking softly into her ear. 'Lieutenant, what progress so far?' 
	
	The woman took two steps to stand, almost at attention, in front of the
Colonel. Her eyes took in Maria Jimenez's stretched figure with interest. 'We've
only just started Colonel; I've been using the crab on her tits. When we start
again, she'll know what's coming and the effect will be that much better. She's
got plenty of stamina left yet.' She smiled, 'despite all the screams and
protests. But, sir I'm afraid I don't think she really knows anything...'
	
	The Colonel looked at her with obvious understanding, then nodded
towards the dangling figure next to him. 'This young lady has just arrived.
She's unwise enough to be little Juanita's roommate and Carlos's girlfriend, the
one we are so anxious to talk to, is her cousin. I thought she should first have
a chance to see how you are playing with her friend.' 
	
	The lieutenant smiled at the girl with sudden, hot expectation, and
looked at the watch on her left wrist. 'Of course, Colonel, young Juanita has
had plenty of time to rest since the last session. I'll go on working on her
nipples for now; she seems particularly sensitive there. Then, if we need to, we
can try something later on.' The Colonel waved his hand in agreement. The
lieutenant smiled in anticipation as she turned her attention back to the olive
skinned beauty pinned astride the torture saddle. 
	
	Juanita looked up, saw her torturer coming, and began pulling
frantically at her bonds in a vain effort to escape. Suddenly, she bit her lip
and gasped, holding herself unnaturally still. Maria winced, realising that
Juanita had lifted slightly on the saddle so that the vicious rubber spikes had
scraped and rasped against the tender insides of her cunt.  Lieutenant Anna
Perez, also knowing exactly what had happened, reached out and stroked the damp
strands of Juanita's hair.
	
	Juanita's head jerked up at the caress. She began pleading urgently
between her gasps of pain. 'No, not so soon. Ah! More time! You said I could
rest. Uh, Please I need to rest. Oh God, don't touch me again... Please don't
make me m-m-m-move... I've told you, I don't know anything. Aaah, you must
believe me!'  The lieutenant, smiling serenely at Juanita's sudden babbling
outburst, looked to where Maria and the Colonel were hidden in the darkness. 
	
	Speaking mainly for Maria's benefit, she replied in a soft, voice... 'Oh
dear, did you feel that? Its gets so sensitive inside there after a bit they
tell me... and you're going to wriggle so much more in a moment. How on earth
will you stand it?' The hand continued stroking the wet straggled hair. 'And all
I want is the girl's address. After all... it's her we really want to talk to
isn't it...?' She paused, 'still nothing to say... ah well.' She turned,
standing close between Juanita's painfully stretched legs. 'Then perhaps I'd
better see if you're all nice and ready for me again?'
	
	Almost tenderly, she reached down to cup the dangling breasts of the
shivering eighteen year old student before her. Lieutenant Anna Perez gently
stroked and smoothed the heavy globes in her upturned hands for a few moments
before concentrating on twisting and pinching the unwillingly offered nipples.
Nipples that Maria Jimenez could now see were already swollen and red, painfully
sore and raw-looking from whatever torment had been applied to them before she
had been brought into the chamber. Juanita was wriggling her shoulders madly in
a useless effort to protect herself from the pitiless fingers. Maria could hear
her crying out in agony as the expert hands abused her most sensitive flesh once
more.
	
	The lieutenant smiled down at Juanita as she looked at the two hard,
swollen peaks gripped fiercely between her fingers. The girl's body had made its
inevitable response to her intimate caresses. Juanita continued to scream aloud
into the darkness beyond the blinding lights. 'No, no, no more, not again
please, pleeeease no, not again. I've told you I can't, not again, not so soon!'
Feeling that the woman had stopped fingering her now-rigid nipples, the girl
stopped babbling and began to pant even harder in awful anticipation of the
agony she knew was coming.
	
	'Now, now,' the lieutenant continued, digging her nails into the hard
tips. 'You lied to me. These little ones are saying you're all ready for me
again.' She chuckled as she flicked the tender stubs with her nails. 'I think
you should try our little silver crabs just once more, all right?'
	
	Juanita's desperate scream of protest echoed in the chamber. Maria
Jimenez, puzzled as to what the 'silver crabs' were and why Juanita was so
panic-stricken by the name, saw the lieutenant reach across to the little table
beside the saddle. She picked up some wires; at the end of each one, a silver,
saw-toothed crocodile clip winked and glittered as it swung to and fro in the
lights. Maria stifled a cry of panic, burying her face in her arms as she
realised what the lieutenant had meant, and what they were about to do to her
friend.
	
	'She can't see us because of the lights,' the Colonel said, and then he
noticed that the girl had turned her head away. One hand smashed casually
against her cheek, the impact bringing a trickle of blood from her mouth. 'I
told you to watch her, my silent little bitch. You want to be fully prepared for
what's coming, don't you?' The Colonel knew from experience that anticipation of
the pain to come would heighten the young Brazilian's reactions. He smiled as
she reluctantly obeyed his command, looking back to where Juanita's torture was
beginning once again.
	
	Cupping one full globe the lieutenant leaned down and sucked on the
tender, swollen nipple for a moment before positioning the open jaws of the
first clip on either side of the fleshy peak of Juanita's left breast. 'Ready?'
Her fingers opened, allowing the teeth to sink into the soft crinkled flesh.
Hearing Juanita's hiss of pain and anticipation, Anna Perez pressed on the jaws,
forcing the teeth together. A tiny row of red beads across the swollen nipple
showed how cruelly the little clip was being used. As she pressed harder, a
further wailing scream of agony was wrenched from the strutted girl.
	
	 Allowing time for the effects to develop fully, lieutenant Perez waited
a full twenty seconds before lifting Juanita's right breast, again sucking the
nipple into glistening erection before applying the second clip. Once again she
waited, asked the tormenting question, then pressed the clip closed so the jaws
stabbed deep into the delicate flesh. Another wailing scream burst from the girl
before her head fell forward.
	
	To her friend, concealed in the darkness and heat of the torture
chamber, it looked exactly as though Juanita was intent on studying the silver
crabs now gripping each nipple in a steel vice. 
	
	The lieutenant picked up a box from the table. 'Oh God no, not
electricity, not there, she can't. Oh Juanita my love!' Maria Jimenez had heard
the stories round the university, stories of how the authorities used torture,
especially electrical torture, to extract information; but had dismissed them as
the usual hysterical left wing propaganda. Now, in this hot dark cellar, it was
all too horribly real. The pain in her wrists, the ghastly scene before her and
the gnawing terror of what was going to happen to friend, and then to her, made
Maria Jimenez pant harshly with fear
	
	Part of the horror was that the device the lieutenant was holding looked
so domestic and ordinary, just a small, plain box with a single black plastic
knob and a red button set into the top face. The thin wires hung down, curving
from two little jack plugs in one side across to the clips on Juanita's nipples.
A thicker, black cable curled away from the back to the transformer on the
floor. The colonel heard Maria's outburst, and the sudden panting breaths, and
smiled to himself. These girls, they had no idea, no idea at all of what could,
and would, be done to them here in the underground rooms of the Ministry, he
thought. This was a world of carefully created pain and agony. His world, a
world they would soon discover inch by screaming inch.
	
	Preparations complete, the lieutenant yanked Juanita's head up by the
hair, forcing her to look at the little box as she turned the knob on the front
to a new setting. She waited for Juanita to react, watching eagerly as the girl
began to gabble, crying out more loudly in obvious knowledge of what was about
to happen to her. The lieutenant smiled, shook her head, and stepped back as her
thumb pressed the red button. 
	
	Silence fell in the chamber, broken only by the soft humming of the
transformer and, at first, it seemed as though nothing had happened at all. A
low buzzing came from the clips.  Then, Juanita seemed to arch backwards, the
tendons of her neck and arms standing out like cords as her mouth opened in a
grimace of agony. Suddenly, she screamed! A wild tormented wail that went on and
on. Heedless of the torturing dildo within her, she began to buck up and down on
the leather pad as the current blazed agony through her nipples. Maria Jimenez
could see drops of sweat flicking off her friend's dangling breasts as they
flailed and bounced madly as Juanita shuddered and shook in pain.
	
	The lieutenant's thumb lifted, the buzzing ceased and Juanita collapsed
like a rag doll, as far as her bonds would allow. 'Anything to tell me yet, or
shall we try again?
	
	'Arrrggghhh! I d-d-d-don't know what you w-w-w-ant. P-p-p-leas-s-s-e
stop. Oh God, I don't know...'
	
	'No no, you must try a little harder.' The thumb pressed down again and
Juanita was jerked into another screaming frenzy as the current surged through
her tits.
	
	In the darkness, Maria Jimenez watched in horror, as well as a sort of
guilty excitement, as the sadistic lieutenant took her friend into a world of
screaming agony. For ten long minutes she kept her young victim writhing and
yelling before allowing Juanita to sag forwards against her bonds.
	
	After watching the limp figure for a few moments, Anna Perez brought her
round by simply tearing the clips free of her nipples. Juanita jolted upright,
pop-eyed and open-mouthed as the little steel teeth ripped across the delicate
tissues. 'Time to talk... or would you like to try something else? Simple
question... where is Maria's cousin hiding now?'
	
	'Arrrrgh, I don't, know. Told you, p-p-please, don't. Oh God my breasts,
what have you done to me?'  Juanita wailed. She sagged forwards again trying to
ease the pressure on her arms and thighs, crying out as the deeply buried dildo
raked and flayed her vagina right up to her cervix.
	
	Lieutenant Perez put the controller down and lifted the moaning
student's chin, looking into the pain-wracked eyes. 'Talk you cow, or shall we
start with something else...?' Her finger and thumb reached up to grasp one of
Juanita's bloodied teats. 'Talk...now!' Anna Perez suddenly clenched her hand,
twisting and pressing to make her nails claw into the swollen stub.
	
	'AAAAAAHH! Oh God, I DON'T KNOW! P-p-p-please...' Without warning,
Juanita fainted again.
	
	The lieutenant flicked the tortured nipple contemptuously and walked to
the colonel's side. 'Sir, I suggest we switch... This one can wait. In a couple
of hours the swelling in her tits will double the effect of the electricity and
she'll talk soon enough. In that time we can hear what Maria here might want to
tell us?' The colonel nodded, signalling to the guards.
	
	Maria watched in dread as the two guards freed the ropes and leg straps
before pulling Juanita off the saddle. Her friend managed to scream just once
more, a long wail of agony as they wrenched her free of the impaling rod. Then,
her arms still bound behind her, they dragged her out.
	
	'Now, my dear,' the colonel said gently, his hand just caressing Maria's
left buttock. 'How is your memory for names...?'

Maria's story is continued in 'The Copper Cup'
Cortez
Cortez	The Electric Crab	2




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





