BDSM Library - The Little Pet




The Little Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of a human dog living with her Mistress and Master.
The Little Pet

I am a slave. I was bought from my Russian father a year ago by my Master as a
present for his wife, my Mistress. My mother was English and had taught me to be
bilingual, but after her death my father fell on hard times, and was very keen
to receive the huge sum of money for me. So then I was smuggled into the
country, and became a non-person. Sometimes they call me slave, sometimes piece
of shit, sometimes doggy slut. I answer to all names. Let me tell you a little
more about my life here in England.

Every weekday morning I am woken up at 5 am by the electric shock pad that is
put nipples at night. I do not sleep in the same room as Master and Mistress,
but I have a small bean bag bed, (similar to one bought for a large dog) and a
little dog blanket. I sleep in the corner of their en suite bathroom unless
specifically told to sleep somewhere else. They do have an outdoor kennel, where
I am chained at night - but only if I have been very naughty. I pack my bedding
away carefully. I then have to give myself a thorough clean, both inside and
out, (it usually takes two enemas before I am clean)

I get up and make breakfast for the Master and Mistress. They like the table
laid out perfectly, all the cutlery and crockery shiny and polished. During the
week they like a selection of cereals, freshly cut grapefruit, with toast and
marmalade. I have to make fresh orange juice (they were given a juicer as a gift
which has made my life a little easier) as well as freshly brewed tea and
coffee.

At precisely 7.00 am I go into the Master and Mistress's bedroom, get down on my
hands and knees, and wait beside the bed for the alarm to go off. I must not
allow it to ring more than once - they set it for 7.10 am and it seems so long
watching those ten minutes slip by. The Master likes to get up and shower
immediately, so I have his towelling robe ready, while the Mistress likes sleep
a little longer.

After holding the Masters dick in my mouth for him to pee, Master stands under
the shower, while I wash his whole body, then dry him. Next I give him a wet
shave, taking great care. Master likes to dress himself, while doing so Mistress
usually gets up. She usually sits on the toilet while I kneel down before her,
my face touching the floor - then she calls me toilet paper and I lick her clean
completely. I wash her in the shower, taking great care to massage her scalp
thoroughly.  After she is dried, I follow her into the bedroom on my hands and
knees. I dress her quickly, as she does not have much time as she needs to get
to work.

Downstairs I serve Master and Mistress their breakfast, waiting at table is one
of the few occasions I am allowed up from my hands and knees. They usually
depart during the week at around 8 am. When the door closes, I feel a sense of
relief. I am able to walk around freely and do my chores, unimpeded. Usually I
am bursting to go to the toilet by then, so I walk through to the attached
garage and use my litter tray. I am just a piece of shit, I am not good enough
to use a toilet, unless it is to clean it, (sometimes with my tongue.) The
litter tray is a cat litter tray, and I am expected to clean it after use, but
first I must take out my anal beads and vibrating Chinese balls. The anal beads
are around 45mm diameter, and there are twelve in all, they extend quite a way
up my ass. I am very adept at feeding them in, and working them as far as
possible. The Chinese balls are also 45mm wide, and I have two pairs in my pussy
at all times, do you can imagine I am pretty full most of the time. I cannot
actually pee until I take out these objects, which means I am constantly feeding
my ass and pussy. When I have finished, I clean the litter tray, and dispose of
the waste. It is cold in the garage, and as I am never allowed any clothing, I
feel the cold keenly.

I return to the house and clear away the breakfast dishes. I am allowed to eat
any scraps as long as I put them in my large red dog bowl. They have left me a
few crusts of toast, and the soggy residue of cereal. I eat this all hungrily,
as I am only allowed to eat dog food the rest of the time. Luckily the tea is
still hot, and I lap this from my water bowl, on my hands and knees, elbows
resting either side of the bowl. Eating this way means that you get very close
to your food, and often have to put your nose right in the food in order to suck
up the liquid or rations. When have eaten, I then go about my chores.

The Mistress has laid out a plan of my cleaning for each weekday. Each room is
given a thorough cleaning from ceiling to floor. The dining room takes the
longest, as all the cutlery has to be polished and the crystal glassware washed.
Although they have a dishwasher, I am not allowed to use it during the day and
have to wash everything by hand. I am allowed to use the washing machine, and
must have all dirty clothing washed, dried and ironed in the same day.  They
have cctv in the house, and do monitor what I have done throughout the day, so
there is no way I can steal any food, or take a rest. I am allowed to eat six
dog biscuits and half a tin of dog food at lunchtime. I try not to drink too
much water, to cut down on my visits to the litter tray, as it is sometimes very
painful to put the balls back in. I lay the table for the evening meal and do
all the food preparation I can.

At six o'clock precisely Mistress returns from her work - I have to be kneeling
facing the door with my head touching the floor and my ass up in the air. I will
already have a small tray of coffee waiting for her by her chair, I have to make
it exactly as she has instructed, little china cup and saucer, bowl of sugar
with gleaming spoon, a little milk jug with some skimmed milk and a matching pot
of coffee. She does not take sugar in her coffee - but I have to do this the
same in case she decides to bring home a guest.

She sits in the chair and drinks her coffee while I take off her shoes and
massage her feet - sometimes she likes me to lick them clean. Depending on her
mood she may allow me to have a small bowl of coffee, or she may wish to beat my
ass. I try to placate her. If she is in the mood to beat my ass she usually
inspects my cleaning and finds a small fault with it. If that is the case then I
am taken upstairs to the "play room" while she chooses an appropriate
punishment. Believe me, I ensure that I do my best always, because the beatings
are very severe. Sometimes she has me crouch on the whipping bench, and she will
cane my ass until the tears flow freely down my face. Other times, she will put
me on the rack device they have, it is like a table but there is two holes for
my tits to go through, it pulls my arms and feet in opposite directions,
stretching me painfully. She will then put clips on my nipples and then hang
weights on them, adding the weights slowly until the clips slip off. This is
very painful and leaves my nipples sore for days. She likes to use the cane
often, and is not satisfied until my ass is completely stripped with long red
welts. After half an hour she usually feels better, and will get me to kiss and
lick her feet again. Then I run her a bath as she likes to soak for a while
before dinner.

At seven o'clock the master comes home so I must have to have the meal ready at
7.20 pm. The Mistress needs to be dried and dressed as well as serving the
Master. He typically comes home tired, but fortunately he is happy to sip his
coffee and watch the news while I attend both the dinner and Mistress.

I serve them their food, hoping that they will leave me a few scraps, so that I
can enhance the tin of dog food. While they relax in I quickly tidy away the
dinner things, I am allowed to use the dish washer this time because they want
me to be available to serve them. I am allowed twenty minutes to clear the
table, make them a tray of coffee, and if I get time, eat the rest of the tin of
dog food and any left over scraps.

If the Mistress has already beaten my ass, I may spend the rest of the evening
being her footstool, listening to the television with my face flat on the floor.
Or if she wants to punish me we go to the play room again. I am also used at
intervals as toilet paper. The Master usually takes a bath at 10.30 pm, and I
attend to his needs. I undress the Mistress for bed, carefully folding her
clothes to be laundered the next day. I make them a final bed time drink and
after I have cleared away the dishes, I am free to return to my little bed in
the adjacent bathroom.

At the weekend, the routine varies; they rise later, usually around 8.30 - 9am.
I have to have a cooked breakfast ready for them, eggs bacon and so forth. They
have a mixture of friends, some "Vanilla" who do not know I even exist. During
those times I am hogtied and placed in the back of their wardrobe. Sometimes the
guests stay for hours, and it is very uncomfortable. Once or twice a month their
children or parents will come and stay and I remain in this position for days on
end. The master will slip away to feed and water me occasionally, and I am
allowed to use the toilet twice a day. These visits seem to go on eternally;
however, I find them preferable to when their SM friends come to visit.

They have a couple of friends who visit often, they enjoy using me.  I am
expected to attend to their refreshment needs, and then I am often played with.

They have a large circular dining table on which is placed a very heavy duty
"lazy Susan". I am strapped to this device, while all four of them weald whips
and beat me mercilessly. I am called many names by them, filthy slut, fucking
whore, pain slut, piece of shit, three holed piece of meat, dog bitch. The list
is endless. I am used in many different ways:

I have to be a toilet to the whole company, and they do not feel any
embarrassment in defecating in my mouth in front of one another. I don't mind
eating shit, because it stops my grumbling tummy. (I am not often fed anything
else at weekends, so you can understand why dog food is a pleasure to eat.) I
can't always drink the piss fast enough though, so I am often lying in a pool of
piss on the waterproof sheet by the end of the evening.

Sometimes they string me up by my wrist cuffs, so that I am only just able to
stand on tip toe, while they flog me, or they put clothes pegs all over my body.
Adding weights, to nipples, earlobes, lips, nose, pussy lips, where ever they
can find lose skin, until the weight eventually pulls the pegs off.

Every so often I am made to ride their wooden pony. This is a wooden triangle on
four legs. The legs are just long enough for me to straddle the triangular
wooden block, and just be able to stand on tip toe. The sharp end of the block
splits my pussy lips wide, leaving my clit exposed to the bare wood, with my
hands tied behind my back. All the time I can stand on tip toe I am fine, but
after half an hour, my legs start to shake, and wobble, the muscles of my legs
burn and I find I am forced to lower my heels back onto the ground, the problem
with this is that my whole weight rests on my clit.  I usually last about an
hour, alternatively raising myself on tip toe, and then lowering myself onto my
bruised clit - this is where riding the pony comes in. If I am managing too
well, the Mistress uses some exercise ankle weights, which make the whole thing
more unbearable. It sometimes takes me a couple of days to get some strength
back into my legs after this particular game.

Another toy they use is an electric prodder. This gives an electric charge to
any part of the skin it touches. Sometimes, if they are feeling particularly
vicious, it is inserted into my pussy or ass, and then switched on. They find it
very amusing to see me piss myself - and that is before they put it in!

Sometimes they get one of those spectrums, and they all take bets on how wide
they can force my cunt or ass open. Sometimes they use blow up dildoes, or but
plugs, pumping until they hear my hips crack.

The visitors I hate to see most are a couple with a large Great Dane. The dog
itself is very friendly, but he gets really excited when he arrives to see me
kneeling on the floor in front of him. I often have to beg to suck the dogs dick
to get it nice hard and wet, until eventually ordered to turn around and beg the
dog to fuck my pussy. They are considerate enough to put some gloves on his
paws, but he is still very rough. They tell me that I am just a piece of shit,
lower than the fucking dog, and I should ensure that the dog is pleased with the
service I give him.

The Mistress likes to have dinner parties, but usually gets a caterer in to do
the food so that I can remain tied to under the table to administer my tongue to
the guests in turn. Sometimes I have to clean the shit of their shoes,
sometimes, I have to lick their feet clean or be their toilet paper.

Sometimes I am just passed to all the guys to be fucked, often they don't think
my low down slimy pussy is worthy of their cocks, and I have to really beg them
to fuck me.

I have to say, "I am just a worthless piece of shit, lower than a dog, with a
shitty ass, a shitty tongue and a slippery cunt. I am just a piece of meat with
three holes; please use one of them, Sir. I beg you to use my slippery cunt, or
spilt my ass open wide with your lovely cock, or use my mouth and ram your cock
so far down my shitty throat, I can't breathe. I would love to be used by you
Sir, please fuck my shitty body"

I was sterilised, as requested in the master's order, before he acquired me, so
there is no chance I can get pregnant. One guy that comes round thinks I am such
a worthless piece of shit that he only uses my ass for fucking, while he stuffs
his hand up my pussy and wanks his cock with his hand. This is very painful,
and, were it not for being gagged, I would scream the place down.

Occasionally I am leant to an exclusive club, where I will be the toilet slave
for the evening. I am then chained to the wall, with my head pulled back by my
ponytail. They insert a funnel in my mouth, and it is quite long so that it
passes my gagging reflex and I am used as a urinal for the evening. My tummy
gets very full on those occasions that my ass is left unplugged and the piss
drains out. Sometimes, the guys that come in decide to wank off all over me, so
by the end of the evening I have dried cum over my face and have to be hosed
down, before being put in the boot of the car for the home journey.

The master bought me as a gift for the Mistress so she could express her
dominance, he never fucks me but she does regularly with her large variety of
dildoes. Some of them are very thick and very long, and I do fear that she will
do some damage to me one day. I am usually fucked a couple of times a day during
the week, but lose count at weekends. Sometimes I have to suck the master off
while she fucks me at the other end.

Sometimes, they like to make love, and I am ordered to clean them both up
afterwards, especially to clean all the cum out of Mistresses cunt. If there is
any cum left afterwards I am given the electric prodder so I always ensure I do
a good job.

Well that is about it, my life as a piece of shit, you may have some sympathy
for me, but don't waste it. I am a complete pain slut and love every minute of
my life.

(c) Scarlet Submission




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scarlet Submission


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





