BDSM Library - A Night in the Life




A Night in the Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A master mixes mindgames and torture with a little bit of roll play and a taste of other exotic sports.
A Night in the Life

By RevelationX

"Tonight" he said " You will not call me master, you will call me daddy."

"Before we continue I will set the tone for the evening, remove your clothes and
lie down on the bed so I can immobilize you. "Do you understand?"

She says "Yes Daddy" as she removes her shirt and bra. Her nipples start to
react to the thought running through her mind and as she starts to remove her
pants and panties she is starting to feel a warmth and dampness in her crotch.

Standing naked she asks "What now Daddy?"

In a stern voice he says " Lay face down on the bed while I get the bindings"

as she lays down he open the toy chest and removes 4 short pieces of rope and a
roll of duct tape.

"Raise your hands above your head my little girl"

She hears the ripping of the tape as he tears a long strip to wrap around her
wrists so the rope doesn't leave any marks.

After he has finished putting the tape around her wrist that he has joined as
one he slips a loop around her wrists and ties her bound wrists to the head of
their bed.

"Now little girl, is that too tight?"

"No Daddy that's fine" she says and the warmth and dampness seem to grow between
her legs and she feels the first trickles of her wetness start to dampen her
thighs

The butterflies seem to grow more agitated in her stomach as he takes her left
ankle and loops the rope around it.

She feels daddy pull the binding down to the foot of the bed and make it tight.
As he reaches for her right ankle she hears him, " My, my it seems my little
girl is a might bit excited" as she feels his fingers caress the inside of her
thigh, feeling her juice on her leg "I could be wrong though, Little girls can
be so tricksy"

As he is looping the rope, around her ankle and fastening to the foot of the bed
she knows why he didn't use any tape here. She feels the rope bite her flesh and
knows that she can hide marks so no one knows about her games or how "Tricksy"
she is.

"How does that feel?" he asks her.

"Fine Daddy, only the rope hurts me a little bit"

"Is that all?" he asks with a bit of humor in his voice "I think shortly that
will be one little thought lost in a sea of thoughts." Now her excitement is
starting to war with her fear. She looks forward to these nights with excitement
and trepidation. Her mind often plays these tricks on her, she loves to be tied
up and that makes her feel helpless.

She was not raised this way and in her heart she knows it is wrong to like it
but she can't fight the lustful feeling is raises in her.

"Now" he says "It's time to show you the how things are going to go this
evening, there are rewards and there are punishments ".

As he says this she hears the buckle on his belt jingling, "SMACK!" she feels
the blow on her naked ass and feels the flesh on her ample buttocks jiggle with
the blow.

"AHHH!" she cries and feels the welt start to rise.

"Do I need to gag my little girl?" he asks "Because if my little girl can't be
quiet...That would be a bad thing and I would have to punish her even more" She
hears the belt whistle though the air and braces herself for the impact
"SMACK!!!"

"OUWWWW" she moans and knows she won't be able to stay quiet "Daddy? Please gag
me" she whimpers, "I know I will only cry out and that will make you punish me
too."

"All right baby girl " he says.

As she sits and ponders her feelings she can not but feel angry with herself
wondering what he will gag her with. She thinks, " The tape would be quick but
it pulls my fine downy hair and that damn ball gag hurts me so". A little
flutter in her stomach flipped. " Or maybe he will just use a sock or bandana
and a pair of his own underwear" yet another flutter and a little more moisture
escapes her.

She hears the tape rip again and knows the answer.

As he uses her hair to lift her head and put the tape over her mouth he whispers
in her ear, "Just a few more to show you the punishment and then I will give you
a small taste of the rewards for being a good girl."

"SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!!!" the blows come hard and fast and she feels her soft
round ass wiggle and squirm and the heat begins to build both on her ass and
inside her body.

"Now, I promised a small taste of what good little girls gets".

As he says this she feels his fingertips slowly start moving down her back. As
they cross over to her tortured ass, she winces a bit then she feels them
explore the crack in her soft round ass, brush gently across her tiny tight
asshole and inside she winces again.

She knows how he loves to do horrible bad things to her asshole. But he
mercifully moves on and she feels him stroke her outer lips and continue to her
engorged clitoris.

As he does this he does not enter her but only touches the outside of her,
feeling the slightly sticky always-slippery juices of her body.

"Does that feel good?" he asks "I think by the state your juicy little pussy is
in; Daddies little girl does ".

She hears him laugh just a hint of evil as he does "Now, I'm going to untie you
and you are going to go take a shower "

As he starts to untie her legs she hears him say "Do you understand?" she shakes
her head yes. "Good...While you shower I want you to shave your legs and I want
you to shave your pussy

I don't want you to just trim it up, .I want it as bald as the head of my cock.
Understood?!?"

As he takes the tape off of her mouth she says "Yes Daddy as bald as the head of
your cock".

She looks up at his eyes "May I look at Daddies cock? To make sure how bald it
is?"

As she says this she reaches down and feels it and finds it very swollen and
hard "Please? Let me kiss it I'll be a very good girl"

"Alright" he says "But for just a moment".

As she takes him in her mouth she gets the same felling of failure she always
feels. She knows she can not take all of him and not gag when she feels his head
on the back of her throat.

"I wish I could do this for him, I try so hard to please him " She feels her
excitement rise as he touches her uvula and yet still continues.

"Gaahck" as she fights the urge.

"What's wrong baby girl?" he asks as if he didn't know, he loves it when she
tries so hard to please him, and fails.

"Easy love, gently" as he grabs a hand full of her thick red hair. "Let me help
guide you"

She starts to feel a little frightened, sometimes he is gentle with her and
guides her slowly on to his cock.

But not tonight she feels his grip tighten and shove himself forward into her.
"Wwreeeeaatcch"

As the contents of her stomach rise and fill her mouth along with his cock, she
pulls back and wretches on the floor.

"You nasty little BITCH!" he bellows "SMACK,SMACK,SMACK" She hears the whistle
of his belt as it screams though the air and strikes her back and ass.

"Please Daddy I'm sorry I tried...."

"Shut up you filthy little THING" as he steps back from her mess.

"Clean this mess up and get in to the shower and clean yourself up!"

As she climbs into the shower and begins to turn on the water and adjust the
temperature she thinks

"Daddy has taken all the new razors out of the shower" All he had left her where
the dull rusty razors "Well I'll just have to do the best I can and hope I make
Daddy happy" she thinks.

As she shaves she feels the dull razors pulling the hairs of her pussy and
almost enjoys the feeling, Even the minor nicks are not so bad.

"This is nothing compared to daddy's wide leather belt, " she thinks as the warm
water slouches down her tortured backside.

After she finishes her chore and reenters the bedroom she sees that Daddy has
not been idle.

She sees the soft fluffy towel beside the bed and the plastic sheeting on the
bed.

What is on Daddies mind now she wonders with a little thrill, "Will it be the
candles tonight?"

"All right my love we have a few more things to take care of before we proceed"
he says from the doorway. In his hands are the largest cups in the house-a 46oz
super-sippy cup and a 8oz juice glass with some viscous substance.

"Drink this ALL as he hands her the smaller of the two glasses.

"Uggh" as she takes the first tentative sip "Daddy what is this?"

"Just some oil my darling girl, Drink up" As he stands swishing his belt back
and forth

"But Daddy...This will make me have to...You know?" she starts to quiver a bit
Daddy has some serious plans and she starts to realize why there is plastic on
the bed.

He starts to laugh a little and she sees the glint of evil in his eyes. "I KNOW
what it's going to do, DRINK IT!!"

She chokes down the oil and feels it set none to gently on her stomach

Now he reaches out with the large glass "Now you need to drink all of this, but
first take these," hidden in his hand he holds out 4 small green and white
capsules.

"Tylox my dear baby girl your favorite, unfortunately when you lost your tummy
earlier you might have lost the 3 I opened and powdered your dinner with"

Now she thinks, "I wondered why the food was a little bitter" as she looks at
Daddy " Wont this make me sleepy? You don't want me sleepy do you?"

"Trust me, Sleep is along way away for you" he says "Now take these and drink
all your water"

"Daddy all this water will make me have to p...Oh"

"Hahahah" he laughs "Yes. It will won't it?!"

She starts to drink the water and swallow the pills " Daddy I don't think I can
drink all of this" "swish...SMACK!!" she feels the belt lash out and wrap around
her hip and ass.

"DRINK!" he shouts "Drink or be punished"

So she chokes down the last of the water.

"Now what Daddy?"

"Just lie down on the bed for a bit, You have done well and as promised I will
reward you"

As she lays down she feels her full stomach swish with all the fluid she had
consumed.

"Now let me see how you have done with the shaving-a few nicks " and she feels
his tongue snake out and lick the blood spots.

"You seem to have missed a few hairs, I'll be right back" he steps off into the
bathroom and returns with a new fresh razor, some tweezers and a spray bottle.

"Let's see what we can do here," he says. She feels him manipulate her outer
lips to tighten them up and a fine mist of water as it falls.

"Oh god he knows how this makes me feel when HE shaves me and grooms me down
there" she thinks

as her juices once more begin to form. He gently starts to clean up the stray
little hairs suddenly she feels a sharp swift pain.

"I had to pluck that one, I see a few more that I'll have to pluck as well.

"Oh!" the sharp plucking pain begins. He snickers as she squirms "I'll be done
soon" "PLUCK!,PLUCK!,PLUCK!" she feels these and the pain is strange, after two
caesarian births the nerves are a little crossed and sometimes it feels like the
pain in coming from her round tummy.

"Now, roll over and let me see your ass." As she rolls over she wonders what he
has in mind now. She finds out soon enough as she feels the fine mist of water
fall on her round ass.

"He is going to shave the fine downy hairs on my bottom" she thinks "this is
new," as the quivering in her tummy starts but she is not sure if it is her
excitement or because of the pills and the liquid.

Then he spreads her cheeks. "Reach behind and hold them open for me" he says. As
she does this she feels the mist fall again. "He is going to shave the little
hairs around my asshole too, Dear god what is going to happen to me tonight?"

"Aww isn't that the cutest little asshole," he says as he begins to shave the
crack of her ass. He knows how to play her. Anal sex for her is a frightening
thing. Other than the rape that she was subject to many years ago, Daddy is the
only man she lets have her that way and only to please him. He knows how she
feels about it but he knows that it's ok and even exciting to her to have him
"play" near her asshole and even to touch it.

Lick. She feels his tongue slip out and just graze her tight little corn hole,
and hears him giggle as it flexes and tightens. All the while her heat is
building and the moisture is flowing between her legs.

"Roll over" he says. As she does she feels him help her. "Now I'm going to
pleasure you for being such a good little girl. As he spreads her legs she knows
what is coming.

"Ahhh, oowwwwwww" she feels his tongue slip into her now soaked pussy, she has
always been a very wet girl. "ummmmmmm'

"Daddy is so good at this, he knows just how to make me feel good". She feels
the first of her orgasms building. The heat rising and the quivering of her
fleshy legs.

"Ahahhhh ahhaha, AHHHHHH!!!!! Stop stop stop please oh stop it's too much," she
yells.

But of course, he doesn't just like always. "One more good one and I'll stop" he
says, and being the good little girl she rides the wave out to another explosive
orgasm "AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! Stop stop stop! you promised!!!"

"True. I did didn't I? "

As he rises up and crawls up her body until the tip of his engorged penis rests
at the entrance of her throbbing pussy. "Now just a little taste for Daddy" as
he slams his cock into her waiting pussy.

"BASTARD!" The word slips out before she can stop it.

"Bastard am I?!, well we shall see about that" He thrusts in and out as if he
was trying to push himself out of her throat." Are you about to come again for
Daddy?"

"Ye..Ye..Yes" she moans "Almost there?" he asks and knows by her actions that
she is.

"Yyee..yyeess!" she moans even louder. "Too bad, I'm a bastard. Remember?" As he
rips his penis out of her. "Now how should I handle a foulmouthed little girl
like you? Acting like a little bitch!"

He leans back and reaches out and twists her left nipple very hard "OWWWWWW!"
she yelps "Looks like a ripe red raspberry it does" he says. "Now I'm going to
get the ropes again and I'm going to play".

Now feeling frustrated she reaches down between her legs to finish the orgasm he
stole from her. "SMACK!" the belt whistles through the air and strikes her
hardened nipples on both breasts.

"STOP!..NOW!!" he bellows "You will do only what I let you and WHEN I let you.
UNDERSTOOD?!?!?!" he says in a tone full of menace.

"Yes Daddy, Daddy. But I think I need to pee." she pleads.

"Well hold it, bad girls don't get bathroom privileges"

"Oh god what am I going to do?" as she feels the pressure build in her bladder.
"All that water, the asshole knew what it would do. He knows I have a small
bladder," she thinks.

"Rip, Rip, Rip" she hears the tape. He grabs her left hand roughly "Now give me
the other hand" and she does. She feels him bind both wrists together and then
the loop of rope tightens around them

As he ties her hands to the head of the bed she hears him mutter "I'll show you,
you little cunt, Daddy's little girl, my ass. Daddy's little bitch is more like
it!"

Now she feels the loop of rope around her left ankle tighten and her leg is
pulled back towards the head of the bed. "Now let me know when this is to far
up" he says. "There," she says "right there."

He laughs, "Good" as he pulls it a little farther "Comfy?" he asks.

"No it hurts a little"

"Good...That's what I want to hear," he says with evil in his tone. Now he takes
her right leg and trusses it to the head of the bed at about the same point.

"Heheh" he laughs "looks like you are on your hands and knees. Only upside
down."

He stands back to look at his handy work.

"That will do, now where is that other piece of tape? Ahhh! Here we go, alright
over the mouth, any last words? And think carefully my little bitch."

She thinks " Daddy. I think the pills and the oil are staring to work...I feel a
little woozy and have some pressure in my bowels and I still have to pee."

As he places the tape over her mouth he says, "Perfect!"

Daddy moves off to the side of the bed "Now for the last few things" he reaches
for the black cloth they use for a blindfold and some cotton balls out of the
toy chest.

"You know what comes next? " As he reaches to blind fold her he grabs her thick
red hair and yanks her head up and pulls the cloth through to the other side and
ties her so she cannot see. "Can you still hear me? Nod if you can."

She nods.

"Good now we come to my favorite part" She hears him rummage in the toy chest.

"Here we go, just what I was looking for" A muffled groan is all he hears as the
first needle passes through her nipple and out the other side. He laughs as she
squirms and moans and at the slight "popping" sound the needle makes as the next
needle pierces her other nipple.

"Now where did I put the tens unit" he mutters, "Aha there it is."

At this point our darling dear is feeling very worried.

"What the hell is he going to do with the tens unit?" She feels the first signs
as he tapes on lead to the first needle "OH SHIT!" she thinks. They have played
with this before so she knows he won't cross over her heart "I hope" this unit
has 4 separate leads

She feels the next lead taped to her other nipple "Will he only use 2 leads?"
She knows the answer soon enough as the 3rd lead enters her anus.

"OHHHFUCK" she thinks. Then she smells the alcohol and hears him blowing.

Suddenly she begins to quake she knows where the last lead is going.

No need to worry about infection with any of the others.

"FUCKFUCKFUCK! this one is going to go into my urethra, why else clean it with
alcohol and blow it dry? As she feels him manipulate her swollen lips and around
her clitoris. He is searching for it.

"Is that your little peehole? Nod."

Resigned she nods. "Ohhhhh!" He places it like a catheter, but only a short way
in.

"Now we are ready," he says. As she feels the first small shock it runs from her
left breast to her anus, and the next from her peehole to her right breast. He
knows it is working because he sees her shake and he turns up the current.

Soon he has her writhing and wiggling all over the bed "How's that you little
bitch, You like that?!?!" As she moans he laughs.

"I'm going to get a drink I'll be back in a few," and she hears him walk away.

"OHHHCHRIST!!!!" this hurts" she thinks and she slips off into oblivion for a
few precious moments.

Sometime later she realizes the current has been cut off.

" Now we can't have you slipping off like that, It's not right."

She feels him removing the leads from the tens unit "Now, we can finish soon if
you want to be a good girl. Nod, if you want to be a good girl."

Nearly breaking her neck she nods.

"Alright I'm going to remove your blindfold so I can look into your eyes as I
tell you how this is going to end." As he removes the cloth he begins.

Looking her in the eye he says " I'm going to roll you back a little and lay
this towel just under your back and slip this plastic around and under you, do
you understand?" She nods. "Now you still have to go potty right? Well now is
your chance."

"First I'm going to fuck you, HARD. And I better not feel any piss on me when
you come. It could be bad for you."

He slams his cock into her poor abused pussy as her head swims in a cloud of
tylox and endorphins. She tries not to pee as orgasm after orgasm racks her body
and then the unimaginable happens.

"I feel alot of wetness," he says and she feels his finger explore her down
below.

"Hmm...tastes like piss, you fucked up," his voice cold and hard. He grabs her
fleshy thighs and rolls her up a little. "Ahh HELL," she thinks "MYASS, NOT MY
ASS I HAVE TO SHIT!!" and he knows she can't beg because she is still gagged by
the tape, but she shakes her head furiously back and forth.

"No use fighting it, I'm in charge bitch," he says as she feels the throbbing
head of his cock pushing at her small little asshole and then the pain as he
slides it in all the way to his balls.

He watches and grins as the tears flow from her eyes and sees the shock and
pain. He knows she is fighting not to shit and he slams his cock harder and
harder into her ass "Please cum PLEASEOHPLEASE FINISH IT" she screams in her
head.

But still he keeps thrusting all the way out he pulls and slams it back in. she
feels the shit being packed in. And finally he pulls out and stops, sweat on his
chest.

"Time for daddy to cum" he says and rips the tape from her mouth she doesn't
even register the pain now. "Don't say a word just do as you are told understand
?

"Ye.." she nods "open your mouth" as she opens her mouth she fights not to lose
what ever is left in her stomach, she knows what is coming.

"Suck Daddies cock, suck Daddies dirty nasty cock that just came out of your
shitty ass!"

And she has no choice she sucks and he fucks her mouth and finally he lets his
load go and she swallows and gags at the same time "Swallow it all bitch" and
she does.

"Are we done yet Daddy?" she asks.

"SMACK!" across her face.

"DID I SAY YOU COULD SPEAK?!?!?!" he bellows. She shakes her head no.

"Now we will be done when "I" say we are done!" She feels his hand explore her
sore poor pussy. "I'm going to rub you and you are going to cum some more, and
as you do you will piss HARD! I want to see it jet out of you. Do you
understand?" As she feels him rub her and enter her with his finger she feels
the orgasm building

"ahahAHAHOWOWW!!!!" as she explodes and piss comes jetting out dark and yellow
and she smells it. "Here, taste it" as he rubs his fingers on her mouth and
inside. "Now my love, one last thing and you are free" he laughs. "Can you guess
what that is? You may speak"

"Daddy, You want me to poopie?!" She shudders, "this is an evil man I married,
how he has changed me." "Very good! But you will do it like this."

She feels his hand start to rub her pussy again and suddenly she feels his other
near her ass. A finger slides up her ravaged anus "I feel it" he says in an
excited voice.

"As you cum this time I want you to shit, I want to see your face red as you
push it out. Think of it as giving birth" He starts to manipulate her pussy,
slipping 3or 4 fingers inside to hit that oh so special spot. "UHHAHAHAHAUAUA!"
she groans and her face begins to redden. She is pushing and feels the waste
start to come as she herself starts to cum.

"Daddy Daddy!! It's coming move your finger out of my ass!"

"No darling I want to feel it come out of you" "GRUAUAUAAHAAHHA!" as she feels
like her asshole is ripping apart and the shit comes out in a rush and more piss
flows as she comes again and he still fingers her and she keeps cuming. He won't
stop and finally she is spent with nothing left to give him.

"You did well baby, I am very pleased," he says and for the first time tonight
she hears love in his voice and humor.

She sighs " Thank you, you know I live to please you." He says "I know Baby, now
let me untie you so you can clean this shity pissy mess up. Take a shower too
you smell like hell and I'm ready for bed, HEHAHEAHH" He laughed evilly.

"What a dichotomy my husband is, loving and evil. What's a good little girl like
me to do?"

Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RevelationX


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





