BDSM Library - Model Engineer




Model Engineer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A British model engineer on a trip to the States meets a bitchy disabled woman. After an initial fight they get on well together.
Model Engineer

Synopsis.

A British model engineer on a trip to the States meets a bitchy disabled woman.
After an initial fight they get on well together.

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.





This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003

Model Engineer

by obohobo



"I think I will do that," Tom Peders exclaimed to himself as he read the email
from his Stateside friend Chuck Walters.



Tom and Chuck had corresponded first by snail mail and now electronically for
many years. They had never met but had become good enough friends to make
derogatory remarks about each other's work. 'That heap of polished brass you
call a fire engine' was actually an exquisitely crafted model of a Shand-Mason
steam powered fire engine c1890 that had won a silver medal at the last Model
Engineer Exhibition in London.

"I think I will do that," Tom repeated, "There's nothing to stop me now I've
been made redundant and they gave me redundancy pay equivalent to over one
year's salary so I don't really need to work for a bit." The engineering firm
where Tom had worked for the last twenty years, ever since he left school at 15
had been taken over by a big multinational company which had closed the tool
making section and transferred it abroad. "It's the end of September so the high
season fares should have gone down. I can afford it."

Two weeks later, Tom found himself at Gatwick Airport trying to explain the
contents of the polished wooden box after it had passed through the Xray
machine. He had decided the parts were too fragile to let the box pass through
with the cargo hold luggage and it was small enough at about fourteen inches
long to go as hand luggage. Fortunately he had made the box so the sides folded
down when four toggle clasps were opened. He also had the copy of The Model
Engineer which described the making of the engine. After fifteen minutes of
explanation, it seemed the officers were more interested in the model than in it
being a security risk.

It was a similar if somewhat different scenario when he arrived at Dulles
Airport, Washington DC. After standing in line for ages to get through
immigration, he finally arrived at the desk to be greeted by a rather sour woman
who questioned him aggressively concerning the fact he had only $100 in cash, no
travellers cheques and only one credit card. Half convincing her he wasn't going
to be staying over his allotted time she then turned to the purpose of his
visit. "You've brought a model engine to exhibit in a show here in Washington
and yet you say on this form the value is ?200, that is only $300. Surely any
exhibit in a high profile show is going to be worth more than that?"

"That was the cost of materials," Tom replied, "I put my own time in and don't
charge myself for the pleasure."

"But you might easily sell it for a lot more?"

"I wouldn't sell it Ma'am. I've put too much of my time and effort into making
it to want to sell it."

"But you could easily sell it," the officer insisted.

"Ma'am, why would I want to do that? All I would get was money. Everyone has
that. Its common stuff. No one in the world has a fire engine like mine. It's
unique. I will not be selling it."

"How else are you going to pay for your nineteen day stay?" Tom tried to
convince her that he was staying with friends and he wouldn't be needing that
much money and in any case he had a credit card but the woman just seemed to
lose patience and reached under the table to ring for assistance. Another woman
officer came and from her appearance seemed senior to the desk officer. Tom was
lead away to an office.

"I am Captain Karen Bradley. I'm sorry we have had to detain you but it seems
you may be bringing a valuable item into the country and could sell it here. If
that happened Uncle Sam would want his cut." Karen smiled at him.

"At least she seems more pleasant," thought Tom as he went into the spiel again
about the purpose of his visit and how under no circumstances would the engine
be sold.

Karen had him open the box and gasped at the sight. She had never seen anything
a model as beautiful. "This had got to be worth $20,000 dollars of anybody's
money," she said, "But I can see why you wouldn't want to sell it". There was a
pause, and then more questions, this time on the model and what it represented
and how it was made. Tom didn't mind showing her but it was now over two hours
since the plane had landed and Chuck would be waiting and he hadn't even picked
up the remainder of his luggage yet. Putting this to Karen, she apologised made
a phone call and went on, "Mr. Peders, your arrival has been announced so your
friends will know you are here. Now back to business. I should ask for a bond
for $20,000 from you to allow you into the country with this. You would get that
bond money back when you left with it but I guess it would be difficult for you
to raise that amount. I see you are staying in the Bluewaters Lake area which is
not too far away, if I set the bond at $1,000 will your credit card stand that?"
Tom nodded. Karen went on, "If I set it at that low figure would you agree to
give a talk to the Potomac Women's Guild on Thursday week?"

"I will if I can get there, it depends on what Chuck is doing."

"That's no problem, I or someone will pick you up."

Eventually Tom was able to get through immigration and customs and meet Chuck.
Like Tom, Chuck was down to earth and the pair laughed and joked all the way to
Chuck's house. This was far larger than Tom's place but not as grand as many of
the places they passed en route. Mary was much more of a socialite. Her face was
well made up and she was neatly and correctly dressed. Tom guessed she was one
for keeping up appearances. Nevertheless she was friendly and polite and Tom
soon sat down to a huge meal. Jet lag and his biological clock overcame him soon
after.

Next morning, Tom was up early having slept only a few hours. Slipping down to
Chuck's workshop he looked at some of the equipment and magazines for a couple
of hours before Chuck appeared and they went through it together. Later at
breakfast Mary reminded Chuck of the family reunion on Saturday.

"Sorry to spring this on you Tom," Chuck said, "It's been planned for while.
Mostly it's Mary's family. I am an only child but she is one of ten all girls
and they like to get together every now and then. We've rented an area in the
park for a cook out so we hope for good weather otherwise everyone will cram in
here. Could be fifty or more people. If you don't want to come, you can stay
here but if the day is nice, then you'll find the park is a pleasant place to
be. There's a lake that's about two miles long and the park itself is about ten
miles by five so you should find plenty to see and do if our family is not your
cup of tea. From what you have said in your letters, I gather you are not much
into partying."

Tom agreed to go with the flow and mix as best he could. "I forgot to tell you
last night that I have been asked to give a talk to the Potomac Women's Guild on
Thursday week." He went on to explain the circumstances.

Chuck laughed, "You watch yourself there buddy. They are mostly widows and
singles and will have the pants off you in no time." Mary chided her husband but
didn't contradict him.

Saturday was bright and clear and warm without being over hot. Tom tried to mix
with the guests for a while but quickly became bored with idle conversation and
most people were chatting in groups on family matters and he did not want to
intrude. In any case they were well dressed and while he was in his best casual
clothes, against the others they seemed ill fitting and his straggly beard
suggested to them he was a hill-billy. Indeed he heard one woman enquire of her
friend if he was one of the mountain folk. Chuck was kept busy serving and
cooking food so had little time to speak with Tom.

Wandering aimlessly around he noticed a girl in a wheelchair sitting alone in
the shade of a tree. He'd seen her pushed there nearly an hour before and was
surprised no one went near or spoke to her. Feeling a little lonely and out of
things he went over.

"Good morning, I'm Tom," he greeted the girl. Immediately his eyes took in the
fact that she had no legs and her head and face were rather distorted and
elongated.

With a hostile look the girl who Tom guessed was a few years younger than he,
sourly replied, "What do you want?"

"Just thought you might like a bit of company miss. You've been sitting here
alone for a while."

"Piss off."

"Charming! I was led to believe all Americans were freindly."

"You talk funny."

"Is that why you told me to piss off?"

"No. No one ever comes to talk to me. They look the other way."

"Are you one of the family?"

"What's it to you? Why are you here anyway? You gate-crashing?"

"No, I'm not gate-crashing. I'm a friend of Chuck's from England. Am staying
with him for another fortnight."

"Yeah I heard heard he had a dumb metal basher coming. Fortnight? That's
fourteen days right? "

"Yes. Sorry I forgot you people don't use the term. So what's your name?"

"Sod you."

"Sodyou. That's an unusual name. Are you part of the family?"

"Mind your own business."

"Sodyou, do they leave you alone out here because of the way you look or the way
you speak?"

"Stop calling me that. You know it's not my name."

"No, but it sounds appropriate."

"You an English gentleman?"

"English but anything other than a gentleman. Specially with bitchy girls who
can't run away. Are you hungry?"

"Someone will bring me something, -- when they think of it," the girl added
after a pause.

"Why not go and get your own?"

"You stupid or something, Englishman? Won't get this chair near the tables with
all those people crowding round and it will disgust them to see me."

"We'll see about that Sodyou." Tom went behind the wheelchair and kicked the
brakes off. "Chocks away," he yelled.

"No! No! NO!" the girl yelled but now they were picking up speed on the slight
downhill as Tom broke into a trot. Her shouting caused everyone to turn and look
in their direction and those nearest the food tables scattered as the chair sped
towards them seemingly out of control. At the very last moment, Tom braked and
turned the chair to a stop alongside the table. Chuck was serving.

"Hi Chuck. This young lady is named Sodyou and she's hungry."

"Sod you Englishman! Stop calling me that." Their arrival seemed now to be the
talking point. Nearly everyone was now looking in their direction.

"What would you like Sodyou?" Tom enquired.

"Her name is Vivienne, Tom. We usually just call her Viv. She's Mary's youngest
sister."

"Well Viv, can I call you Viv or should I use the name you gave me?"

"You can call me Vivienne, Englishman. Only my friends call me Viv."

"Do you have any?" Tom taunted her.

"Sod you."

"Charming young lady. What would you like to eat?" Soon he piled a couple of
plates with food and asked for a tray to put them on. He gave the tray to
Vivienne to hold while he got two cartons of cola. His without ice.

"You can drink warm cola? Yuk! I suppose you really wanted hot tea." She put a
lot of disgust in her voice.

"Yes, I would rather have a nice mug of hot tea but when in Rome do as.... or
rather when in America do as the Americans do. At least up to a point. Do you
want to sit by a table here or go back to your tree?"

"Do you expect me to sit here and be gawked at? The tree of course that is if
you can get there without upsetting this lot."

"Watch what you get up to with her? And be careful, her tongue will slice you to
threads and you could have your balls turned decorated with fancy patterns."
Chuck called as he started to push the chair uphill along the path. The
significance of the last remark was lost on Tom, at least for the time being.

They ate almost in silence until the last of the cola was gone. Tom stood. "I'll
take the rubbish back and then we'll go for a walk."

"Who says I want to? Especially with a damn stupid Englishman. And here you take
garbage and put it in the trash can."

Ingnoring the last remark Tom answered, "I do. You'd only get bored sitting in
one place. And I'd like some company as well even if it is bitchy and legless
and a most unfriendly girl. Beggars can't be choosers as they say in England. As
I said, I'm no gentleman and you're a helpless female so you can't do much about
it." On his return, Tom released the brakes again and set off along the path
that ran around the lake. He tried to talk to Vivienne but she seemed to have
retreated inside herself and determinedly refused to answer. In fact she was
rather unnerved by this man who had taken her away from her family without her
really agreeing. Half a mile on they came to a rest room.

"You want to pee?" Tom asked bluntly.

She did but didn't wish him to know. "I can't get out of the chair."

"There's a disabled one."

"There's still no trapeze for me to get out of the chair."

"No problem." Tom remarked leaving her to wonder what he intended. Tom pushed
the chair to the door and finding it unoccupied, wheeled Vivienne inside.

"Your not going too...." Vivienne broke off abruptly as Tom undid the chair's
safety harness.

"You need to pee. So do I. It will be some time before we can get you somewhere
else. I won't rape you, not yet anyway. Peeing is just a body function that we
all have to do so don't worry about it."

"You can't mean....? Sod you!"

It was really too late for any protest. Tom had unzipped the bottom of her
skirt. Having no legs meant that her pubic area would quickly have been exposed
had not the bottom hem of her skirt been fastened together with a zip. For
practical reasons like going to the toilet, underneath she was naked. Tom lifted
her from the chair and found the skirt still wanted to fold itself under her.
The only practical way he could see was to unzip the waist band and remove the
skirt altogether which gave him a good view of her luxuriant bush. He sat her on
the loo seat and finding herself over the opening, Vivienne was unable not to
let go of her piss and blushed profusely at the sound of it tinkling in the pan.
Outwardly Tom seemed unaffected. Hearing her stop he snatched a piece of paper
from the roll, lifted her and wiped Vivienne dry. Again he got a good look at
her bush and the rounded end of the leg stumps. Dropping the paper in the pan,
Tom then massaged her cunt and felt her clit. Vivienne would have closed her
legs but she didn't have any. She tried to pull his hand away but without legs
she almost lost her balance.

"Sod you bastard."

"Was that the first time a man has felt you there?"

"You get a thrill from it?" Vivienne spat the words at him.

"Yep. Viv, you needed to pee. I helped." then Tom added, "You looked pretty
normal down there." After replacing her skirt and returning her to the
wheelchair Tom took out his cock ready to pee. It was half hard from seeing and
feeling Vivienne and knowing she was in close proximity and could see it.
Lifting the seat he started his stream flowing. Vivienne watched.

"You embarrassed me by looking so I'm going to do the same to you, you goddam
bastard." It was the first time she had seen a man's prick close too but she
wasn't about to admit it to him. However Tom wasn't embarrassed at all and when
he'd finished unashamedly held it close to her. "Put the thing away. I didn't
want to see it, only wanted to make you blush."

"Hold it." Tom ordered and took her hand and placed it around his now firmly
hardened cock. Vivienne blushed and let go. "I said hold it." Tom's voice was
firm and commanding. Surprising herself Vivienne again clasped her hand around
Tom's manhood. "I don't suppose you have had many boyfriends," Tom went on,
"Maybe you've never felt a man's prick before. On the other hand, I've had a
number of women and I'm old fashioned enough to believe the one thing they need
is for a man to be strong and dominant, particularly in relation to sexual
demands. If they don't submit to me willingly they leave. As did my wife some
eighteen months ago." It was somewhat of an exaggeration as Tom, although
outwardly dominant, was kind hearted and did what he could to please his
partners.

"But I can't leave. You have taken me away and I cannot get back easily on my
own. I can cry rape and have you put away." Tears came to her eyes. "I can phone
my family and get them to come and collect me.

Tom kissed her forehead. "But you won't. Too much explaining to police and
counselors and you have already said, your family are disgusted by you. Lets
continue on along the lakeside. The weather's too nice to be stuck in this bog."

Slowly Tom pushed the wheelchair along the path around the lake to an area with
an ice cream kiosk and a few benches overlooking the water. "You mean you can
eat cold ice cream and not drink cold cola?" Vivienne queried sarcastically when
he offered to get them."

"I have to let them melt first," Tom laughed, "But that is true. I don't though
swallow great globs at a time." He placed her chair by the end of the bench and
for a while they watched ducks on the water and more surreptitiously, a young
couple who were cuddling and kissing on a nearby bench.

Vivienne spoke. "That's disgraceful. Doing that in public."

"Why? They are not doing anything wrong. Is it because you never have?"

"Sod you. You know no one would ever hold me like that. Not the way I am. People
always look the other way when I pass by. You've noticed that surely? That's one
reason they put me away from the others at the reunion, to stop some of my
family even, becoming too embarrassed by my presence."

Tears came to her eyes and for the first time since Tom met her, she let down
some of her guard. He reached round, undid her harness and lifted her on his
lap. Before she could utter more than a few words in protest, Tom had cradled
her and put his lips to hers. She tried to turn away, but Tom prevented it and
continued to kiss her fully and passionately. The hairs of his moustache and
beard tickled her face causing a little involuntary giggle. Vivienne pulled his
beard and then continued trying to push him away until Tom whispered in her ear,
"Vivienne, don't fight it. It's something you ought to experience at least once
in your life." He stopped kissing and just snuggled her close for a while and
then kissed her again. Despite her outward antagonism to him, this time she
kissed back. Their pleasure was interrupted by her mobile phone.

"Where are you Viv?" It was Marjorie, Vivienne's sister who had brought her to
the reunion. Vivienne told her. "But that's halfway round the other side of the
lake. I was just about to leave and it will take you half an hour at least to
get back here," Marjorie complained, "We were all going to the theatre and now
we'll be late.

"Don't worry, Marjorie, Tom will push me home or is he supposed to go to the
show as well?" The statement surprised Tom.

"No, we booked the seats before we knew he was coming. Chuck was going to stay
behind with him."

Tom was close enough to the phone to hear. "Tell Chuck to go. I'll look after
myself for the evening."

"What are you up to that he is close enough to hear what I am saying?"
Marjorie's voice was sharp.

"We're sitting watching the ducks. Until Chuck gets home from the show Tom can
have a look at my lathe and see if he can do the repair I've been waiting months
for Chuck to look at. Chuck did say he was a toolmaker," replied Vivienne.

"You're sure you are okay?" Her voice sounded doubtful. "It's not like you to
talk to anyone let alone take a man home even if it is to look and that old
machine you've got." After assurances that Tom and she would be fine and
promises to advise Chuck of the arrangement, Marjorie hung up.

"Sounds as if you actually want to experience more of my cock," Tom whispered in
her ear. "And what's this about a lathe?"

"No, but I don't want to put the others out," Vivienne half lied. Part of her
wanted to experience his cock again, the other half rebelled against it. "You're
not the only one to use a lathe. I have a Holtzapfell lathe that's a 142 years
old and I can use it."

"You're into ornamental turning? I'd never have believed it. How do you...?"

"You didn't expect a girl to be able to use a lathe?"

"Well there are one or two female model engineers in England and more that are
into wood turning but you?"

"You need mathmatical skills as well hand dexterity. You don't need legs. So get
off you high horse. I'm good at what I do, or so Chuck and others say but at the
moment I'm limited because the damned part has seized up. Chuck says you're not
that bad at engineering, not for a Brit anyway." Viviene gave him a derisory
look.

"Well if it is as old as you say, it's probably clapped out so I won't do much
harm to it. I'll certainly see what I can do but, I am warning you, if we go
into your house alone, you may well be submitting to me whether you like it or
not."

"That would be rape."

"Perhaps," Tom replied noncommittally.

"We'd better go," Vivienne said, "I live about a half a mile from where we held
the cook-out." A hour later Tom was seated in her lounge with a cup of hot tea.

"Can I use your loo?" Tom asked.

"The bathroom you mean. You talk so funny. Probably, but your aim will need to
be better." Vivienne showed him her low toilet with its two large rings hanging
by chains from the ceiling. He realised now what she meant earlier about not
having a trapeze in the public toilet. Everything else was lower too to
accommodate her height in the wheelchair.

"Your not going to watch to see how well I aim are you?" Tom asked when she
didn't move from the room.

"Just want to make sure you don't wet my floor as it is quite difficult for me
to clean it."

"And you want another look at my prick."

"Why should I want to see that sausage?"

"Because you don't often get to see one perhaps. Or perhaps you want to hold it
and do the aiming?"

"Just do it Englishman." He did. She watched.

"Your turn now," stated Tom. "I want to see how you manage on your own. It looks
like you're a pretty independent woman to live on your own like this."

"You just wanna see my pussy."

"Yes, please."

"Sod you." Nevertheless Vivienne hiked up her skirt and tucked it into her
waistband, gripped both of the trapeze rings and deftly swung on to the seat.
This time it took a little longer before she could start. Her bladder was
nowhere near as full.

Finishing she reached for the paper but Tom was there first. "My job," he said.
This time he took a lot longer to dry her and managed to rub her slit several
times in the process.

"You don't have to make a meal of it." Vivienne snapped.

"You wouldn't really mind if I did."

"What?"

"Make a meal of it. Would you mind if I went down and ate you?"

"You're disgusting." Vivienne's voice though belied her words.

"You ready to for some dinner?" Vivienne enquired.

"I'll eat you anytime. But if you mean food, then yes, please, if you have
anything in stock. It's some time and several miles from the buffet and I've
been pushing madam's carriage for hours."

"I didn't ask you to."

"But it was better than just sitting alone under a tree."

"Maybe. A bit. It annoyed Marjorie though."

Tom again took her on his lap. "Stop taking advantage of a helpless girl,"
Vivienne squealed but again the tone of her voice betrayed her words. "I don't
know why I let you into the house."

"Oh yes you do. You wanted me to kiss you again, just like this." This time her
response was immediate and she kissed him back. Soon their tongues were fighting
in each other's mouths and through her thin skirt Vivienne could feel Tom's cock
hardening.

"Are you really going to rape me, Englishman?"

"No, but you are going to submit to me for both our pleasures."

"You smell of sweat and your shirt is soaked through."

"That's only because of the work I've had to do pushing you around."

"You ought to take a shower."

"So should you. Come on, Viv, time to reveal all."

"No way man!" But Tom was already carrying her squealing to the bath. At one end
of the bath was a small plastic seat with another trapeze above it. Like most
items in the house, the shower head was also very low. Tom took her skirt off,
sat her on the seat and started to unbutton her blouse.

"WHAP!!" Tom fell backwards and landed heavily on the floor. One eye was
painfully closing. Vivienne still sat on the seat, one hand clutching the rim of
the sink to keep herself upright, the other rubbing her sore knuckles against
her chest. She was frightened now. Tom was sitting up shaking his head. "What
will he do to me know?" Vivienne wondered knowing she was powerless to run away
or to even move far from the seat without her chair and her mobile phone was in
the other room as was the emergency button she normally wore around her neck
while in the house. That would have summoned her care worker who lived just a
block down the road.

"You'll pay for that my girl," Tom muttered, his head still dizzy from the blow.

"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry Tom." Vivienne was really crying now. "I didn't
mean to hit you so hard."

"My God gal, that was some punch." Tom was still dazed.

"Please don't hurt me Tom. I didn't mean it. I just forgot my arms are much
stronger than most women cos I have to use them more. Please Tom. I'm sorry."

"You will be." Tom paused for a short while to allow his head to clear, "But
don't worry it won't be your face that will be sore." He staggered to his feet
and looked in the mirror. His right eye was almost closed and he knew he would
have a real shiner shortly. Glancing down at the crying and shaking Vivienne,
seeing her helplessness he no longer felt angry. She was almost childlike in her
fear of him.

"First round to you, Viv but the bout is far from over. I had thought you wanted
me to continue loving you but obviously I was wrong. Now do I have to tie your
hands and cut your blouse off or will you take it off yourself? Either way you
are going undress completely for me."

Slowly and with tears still running down her face, Vivienne undid the buttons
and removed her blouse. "Now the bra," commanded Tom as he undressed too. It
wasn't long before they were both naked. Tom looked and felt her tits. They
weren't big, but they weren't small either. Just nice, he thought. That part of
her body had developed normally and her nipples responded to his touch.

Vivienne continued to plead with him not to hurt her and these pleas became
louder when he stood and reached towards her and warily in case she threw
another punch, picked her up and carried her to the lounge. Both now naked, Tom
laid her over his lap as best he could. Without legs it wasn't so easy to hold
her in position and her struggles didn't make made it even more difficult. Soon
though she was held by his left arm and despite her curses and invective laid a
hearty slap on her exposed arse. Her right cheek reddened and even with one eye
closed he could see the imprint of his hand. 'Slap'. His hand descend hard on
the other cheek. Vivienne started to yell and scream but Tom moved a cushion
under her face which muffled the sound. Thereafter he continued to smack her
until both cheeks were very warm and a rosy red colour.

"Sod you bastard," Vivienne yelled when he stopped. No one had ever hit her like
that before. Internally she fumed at herself for letting this Englishman get
control over her in this way. She felt herself being lifted and sat gently on
his lap. Her belly felt the hardness of his cock against it as she was held
close to his body. Through her tears she could look directly at his face, at the
face she had marred; at the closed and painful looking eye. Inside herself she
knew she'd hurt him much more than he had her.

"Viv, calm down. Keep your power punch to yourself." Cuddling her Tom ordered,
"Put your arms around me and hold me close to you."

She did and Tom felt her breast push into his chest. "After a few moments, she
released her hold a little and looked him in the face, "Tom, I really am sorry.
I was scared and lashed out without thinking. Please forgive me. I've had enough
pain in my life and today you have given me more pleasure than I have known for
a long time. I am so sorry. Are we quits now you've spanked me?"

Hugging her and kissing her forehead Tom answered, "Yes, I guess we are. I won't
spank you again until you deserve it. Nor will I rape you even though your
wriggling on my cock has made it hard as you can no doubt feel. For some odd
reason, I actually like you despite your being a real bitch."

Vivienne could indeed feel its hardness. She could also feel herself becoming
wet down there, more so than when she lay in bed playing with herself and
fantasising that some handsome man was in bed with her. Tom too could feel her
wetness and bent his head to suckle first one breast, then the other. He could
tell the girl was becoming very aroused by the way she was quietly moaning and
writhing on his cock. "Tom?" she said hesitantly. "Tom? If I let you do it to
me, will you forgive me?"

"Do what?"

"You know...... fuck me? It won't be rape if I am willing."

"Do you think you deserve it?" Vivienne didn't answer. Tom picked up his
trousers and removed his wallet from the back pocket. "You know what this is?"
he asked showing her a foil packet. Vivienne nodded. Carrying Vivienne to the
bedroom, Tom sat her in a chair and said, "Put the condom on me if you really
want to fuck but no concessions because your arse is a bit tender."

Vivienne opening the packet and carefully taking hold of his now rock hard
prick, rolled the condom on. "Please, be gentle," she said, "I haven't done it
before."

"What gentle like you were with your fist?" laughed Tom. Again Vivienne
apologised several times until her words were silenced by his mouth kissing her.

Over the bed hung the trapeze that seemed ubiquitous in every room of this
house. Vivienne reached up and swung herself on the bed. "Just treat me like a
normal woman Tom."

"Well at least I won't have to spread your legs." Through his one open eye he
could see her cunt open, available and ready to take his cock. A box of tissues
lay on the side table and he put several under her arse before placing his cock
at her entrance. It seemed very odd to him not to have a pair of legs in the way
and to be able to have an unrestricted view of both her openings. He entered a
short way. She was tight, very tight but well lubricated by her own juices.
Vivienne winced as the pressure of entering pressed her sore cheeks to the bed.
For a few seconds he waited for her to accommodate him and then started to enter
further until he met her hymen. Withdrawing a little he thrust forward breaking
through the membrane. Vivienne gave a short cry as the pain stabbed her loins
but it soon receded and she began to enjoy the sensation of having a man inside
her for the first time. Short cries of pleasure emanated from her lips as by
pressing back with her arms she tried to meet his thrusts. For both of them it
was over far too quickly. Tom pulled his deflating prick out and used the
tissues to wipe the juices from her cunt before removing his sheath and wiping
himself dry too. Rolling on his back he pulled Vivienne on top of him, "Well my
legless fireball, now you know what it is like to be fucked. I think from the
noises you made, you enjoyed the experience."

"Oh Tom, I never believed it would be quite like that. Even though the stories I
read on the Internet made it seem a wonderful thing. I just didn't believe
anyone would even consider wanting to do it to me."

"You ready for that shower now?"

Vivienne nodded, "And then we had better do something about your eye. They say
raw steak but I don't have any fresh in the house."

"Don't worry about it. Just let it take its course. It's what story we tell
Chuck that is more of the problem!"

Later, after they had showered and eaten, Vivienne showed Tom her ornamental
turning lathe. "I've only ever seen one before and that was in a house in south
London," Tom remarked, "That still had its original treadle although the owner
had fitted a motor but I can see why you've had the treadle taken away and the
lower stand made. You've done some very beautiful work on it," Tom went on as he
admired the 'ivory' Chinese balls within balls that had started life as a
snooker ball and an elaborate open spiral blackwood candle holder she had made.
"Chuck once mentioned someone he knew who did ornamental turning but I didn't
expect it was you when I saw you under the tree this morning."

"Thanks, I enjoy the challenge but I can't do some of the things I want because
the fly cutter is clapped out. The cutters no longer run truly enough to do
accurate work and it needs metalwork facilities to repair. It's a job Chuck said
he would do when he had time but I think Mary doesn't want him to have much to
do with me. I'm the skeleton in her cupboard."

*****

"Mary, I can't do that to a visitor and you know what your sister is like. She's
probably giving him hell now," Chuck argued with his wife.

"But that means we cannot go to the party afterwards. It's all your fault for
inviting that tramp over," Mary countered.

"I didn't know about this shindig then but I can't do anything about it now can
I"

"You can see if he will stay with Vivienne."

"You think she would allow that? I doubt it. You can ask her if you want. I
daren't."

Tom and Vivienne were now dressed and sitting together awaiting the arrival of
Chuck and Mary when the phone rang. "Vivienne something has come up. We may be
here until the small hours. Would you mind if Tom spent the night at yours? I am
sure he won't be any trouble and he could use your settee. We wouldn't be back
until about three and he still seems somewhat jet lagged and....."

"You want me to put up with him while you're partying?" snapped Vivienne, "And
what makes you think he won't be any trouble? Yeah, I guess he won't. He's
already got one black eye. I'll ask him though." Tom half heard the conversation
but for effect she covered the mouthpiece and relayed the information. "He says
that might give him a chance to get his own back."

"You two having a minor set-to there?"

"Not now. We have called a truce. Okay he can stay but on one condition. You
allow him to fix the lathe part that Chuck has been going to do for the last
three years." Three years was a wild exageration but Mary wouldn't know that.
Viviene went on, "To get that done will probably be worth the risk." Vivienne
disconnected the phone. "You're staying here for the night but only if you spend
it in my bed and not on the settee."

"You mean you want fucking again?"

"Only if you have enough rubbers. Otherwise perhaps we could just cuddle and
play. It would cause too many problems if I got pregnant."

"I have a couple more but perhaps I should introduce you other games we can
play."

"What like sucking and doing my bottom hole? I've read the stories but I'm not
sure how much I will like either of those games."

"You won't know until you've tried but I think we'll leave bum fucking for a
bit. Perhaps though we can do a bit of mutual sucking before bedtime if you can
put up with the fact that I haven't even a toothbrush with me."

"Toothbrush is no problem but you may find all the facilities more suitable for
young school children. I guess you won't worry about pyjamas."

For a while they cuddled on top of the bed, content just to hold each other
close. Vivienne could feel his cock start harden under her and wondered if he
would make love to her again. That is how she thought of sex with him now.
Making love, not plain fucking. In her shame at what she had done, she tried not
to look at his swollen face and blackening eye but realised that was illogical.
He had immediately looked at her deformed face without flinching. Still he was
not the one who had caused her deformity, she had caused his. He had tried to
show her things no one had before and possibly never would again and she had
repaid him with a vicious punch. How could she make it up to him? The pain of
the spanking was already receding to a pleasant warmth but she knew the pain in
his eye and the bruise would be there for days. Carefully she reached down,
found his prick and gently massaged it. Tom caressed and kissed her for a while,
then picked her up and laid her in the sixty-nine position on top of his body.

"I'm going to suck you Viv. Do the same to me. Be gentle and I will be gentle
with you." Tom proceeded to lick her cunt and push his tongue inside her
opening. Finally his lips and fingers found her clit and sucked her to two
orgasms. Vivienne's efforts were much more reserved at first. To start with she
would only put the end of his cock in her mouth and only kiss it but gradually
after her first climax she became bolder and took more of it in. Her lips and
mouth sucked harder and her hands rubbed his shaft. Tom tensed and groaned out,
"I'm coming Viv," but Vivienne was past caring. Inside her loins the second
climax was almost ready to burst. She sucked and rubbed Tom's prick until its
seed spurted inside her mouth, and, like she had read on the Internet stories,
she swallowed. To her, there seemed little taste or unpleasantness. "Where is
the hot salty stuff the stories speak of," she thought.



Waking first, partly because of his natural tendency to rise early and partly
because his body hadn't fully adjusted to the time change, Tom went to the loo.
Returning he was just in time to see Vivienne grip the rings of her trapeze and
swing lithely into her wheelchair. Obviously she had done it many times before,
this time though when she landed she gave a little cry. "Oooh. I felt that!" as
she landed on the relatively hard seat.

"Oh my God," she cried as she saw him in the doorway. "Your face looks real
nasty this morning. Oh, Tom, I am sorry for what I did." Indeed Tom's face was
painfully sore and swollen and his flesh surrounding his eye very visibly black.
"Would you like a couple of Tylenol?" She brought him the painkilling tablets
before using the toilet. As she wheeled herself back in the bedroom and swung
herself back on the bed she asked, "Is there anything else I can do for you."

"Of course there is," Tom replied with a grin, "You can get me hard again and
then put one more of these condoms on me." He had already taken it from his
wallet and laid it on the pillow.

"I'm still a bit sore from last night."

"I'm still a bit sore from last night too, but not in the same places." Tom's
lopsided grin was infectious. He straddled her chest while she massaged his cock
and then gave it a quick suck before rolling on the rubber.

"Don't be gentle this time Tom. Fuck me like you would a normal woman. I want to
make up for the pain I caused you."

"Maybe I'll just have to smack your lovely bum again," replied Tom as he thrust
into her.

"Promises, promises," laughed Viviene.

 Having cum twice the previous evening, Tom took longer to reach his climax.
Vivienne on the other hand, stimulated by the tenderness of her cuntal opening
and the warmth she felt from her bottom as he pressed her down, had a series of
orgasms and cried loudly each time.

For a short while they lay together, recovering, cuddling and kissing. Vivienne
stroked Tom's tender face and once again regretted what she had done. "Tom," she
started, "You are one of the few people who look me in the face. Almost everyone
else looks to one side or if I am with my carer, they ask her what I would like,
as if I cannot talk or think for myself. Why do you seem to like me or at least
take an interest in me?

"Let's face it Viv, you are not going to win a beauty competition and I'm not
Mr. Universe. Most of the beautiful women I know just look down their noses at
scruffy old me so I tend to look for the personality behind the face. When I
spoke to you under the tree I realised your bitchiness was a front for hiding
your real feelings. You needed someone and I too needed someone so I, perhaps
not consciously, decided to make an effort with you."

"Tom, I am now glad you did. At first though I thought you were a pushy
foreigner." She laughed too. "Tom? Before you leave today, will you do what you
said you would? Spank me again. I feel so guilty over your face."

"Later Viv. First we will have to take the fly cutter to Chuck's and try and
repair it."

"We?"

"You are coming surely."

"I don't think they want to see me there, or at least Mary won't. She doesn't
like me showing up in front of the neighbours. Chuck seems to accept me when he
is on his own."

"Well then we'll just have to give the neighbours something to talk about. You
know the way? Is there a pavement I can push you along?"

"You mean a sidewalk you British bum! Yeah, all the way. Mostly used by
joggers."

It took several minutes before Chuck opened the door. "Morning Chuck."

"Is it?" Chuck wore only his dressing gown and pyjama bottoms. He looked tired
and surprised. "Well old buddy, you really were on the receiving end of her fist
and everyone is going to know it for a while. What d'ya hit him that hard for
Viv?"

"We'll leave you to guess that Chuck," Vivienne replied surprising Chuck even
more by the cheeriness of her voice. "You don't look very sprightly this
morning."

Didn't get in to 3.30 and it was 4 o'clock before I got to bed. Mary will be
worse. I was the designated driver so only had juices. You're early, Tom. Settee
not too comfortable?"

"What settee?" Tom quipped.

"You two didn't? Is that why she's unusually perky?"

"Tom, I thought you were an English gentleman." Vivienne blushed which
reinforced Chuck's assumption. She aimed another fist at him.

"I do need one eye to do your job, Viv so watch what you are doing with those
fists of yours."

"Don't start squabbling in my house especially with Mary still asleep and even
when she wakes she'll have a real sore head. Coffee's on. Help yourself when it
has dripped," responded Chuck.

"Before you go Chuck, would you mind if I used your equipment to try and do this
job for Viv please?"

"Help yourself to whatever you need. Don't know how you'll get her down there
though, the new guillotine is blocking the outside door until I finish the stand
for it so the only way in is down the stairs and they are a bit steep."

"I'll toss this one down and carefully carry the wheelchair," laughed Tom and
ducked as Vivienne again aimed a mock punch at his head.

The next two hours were spent trying to get the fly cutter apart. It was a major
job as it hadn't been apart for about a century and a half. Two grub screws were
well rusted and had to be drilled out but in the end Tom had all the pieces laid
out on the bench. "Looks as if it has been run for long periods without oil,"
Tom pronounced, "The spindle wore and seized in the bearings and then they
started to turn and have worn the main frame holes. We'll have to in-line bore
the frame, make larger bearings and a new spindle with threads that match those
on the fly cutter head."

"Sounds like a big job, buddy." They turned as Chuck brought in coffee. "I
wondered what you might be up to when I noticed the machine was still full. If
it is too strong, I'll make some more."

"Thought you only drank tea, Englishman."

"That's at home. Your so called English Breakfast Tea is like gnat's piss and I
haven't unpacked the tea friends advised me to bring yet." They continued their
good natured banter while Chuck found the items they would need to start the
repair and cleared the milling machine ready for Tom to use. Half an hour later
they heard the door to the basement open and Mary's voice came down, "Chuck, fix
me a Seltzer and then you'd better go and pick up your tramp friend from my
bitch of an ugly sister." The voice tone was sharp and she was obviously not in
a good mood.

Chuck started to answer but Tom cut in, "Good morning Mary, I'm already here and
I brought your ugly sister with me. And she's not so bitchy anymore and nor is
she any more ugly than I am."

"CHUCK!! Why didn't you tell me you had been to get them! How could you let me
embarrass myself like that?" Chuck apologised to the now crying Vivienne and to
Tom who seemed to regard it as quite a joke but as soon as Chuck left he picked
up Vivienne and held her close.

"Even my own sister thinks I am just an ugly bitch. She's such a stuck up snot."
Vivienne went on to call her sister all the vilest names she could think of.

Tom let her go on and then said, "You know Viv, the best way to fight this is
not to revert to being a bitch like everyone expects but to be nice to them.
Make them ashamed of themselves. It'll be difficult at first, but if you answer
jibes with laughter that will unnerve them more than a cutting jab." For some
minutes she cradled herself in his arms until he suggested they continue with
repairing the fly cutter to take their minds away from what had been said.

Chuck's benches were much too high for Vivienne to work at in her wheelchair but
Tom found a couple of pallets which he put side by side to form a platform and
provided she didn't try to move the chair more than a few inches, Vivienne was
able to use the vice to clean up some of the rusted parts while Tom started the
machining. Every so often Chuck popped down to see how things were going, each
time apologising for his wife's remarks. "I think she would like to say sorry in
person but cannot bring herself to come down and say so."

"Is she dressed? Asked Tom.

"She's got her body covered if that's what you mean," replied Chuck and then
with a laugh added, "She still has the plaster and filler to put on her face
though."

"Well if the mountain won't come to Mohammed or whatever the saying is, then we
will go and see her. Clean your hands Viv."

"No, Tom. I don't want to see her."

"Now then Vivienne, remember what I said earlier. Clean your hands." Minutes
later Tom carried the trembling girl into the master bedroom. Mary was in front
of the mirror contemplating what to do with her face. It looked a mess from the
effects of too much drink and too little sleep. Observing them in the mirror as
they entered, Mary was taken aback by how close her sister seemed to be hugging
Tom. Her arms were tightly around his neck and he closely supported her bottom.

Tom turned Vivienne to face the mirror and held her so both their faces were
framed either side of Mary's in the mirror. "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is
the fairest of them all," he chanted in a parody of the fairly tale. Mary was
aghast at the images. Tom's bruised face with its half closed eye, hers, now
shorn of make-up looking pale, haggard and far older than her age, Vivienne's
elongated, clean and fresh but somewhat tear stained visage. There could only be
one answer.

A long pause during which more tears fell first down Vivienne's cheek and then
Mary's. "Oh I am so sorry," Mary exclaimed, "I didn't know you were back."

"Now try looking through the faces Mary. Look at what is inside the heads. Look
for the personality behind the faces. None of us are super models. I know I'm
not in the world's best dressed men top ten. You may try what we call keeping up
with the Jones' or over here it might be the Goldbergs. Viv has her own unique
outward problems but each of us has a personality with its good points. Try and
look for them Mary as we will look for them in you. Somehow though, I feel there
is more to your feud with Viv than her appearance."

"Yes, very much more," muttered Mary, "but that I am not going to discus with
you." The aromas of cooking wafted up the stairs. "Smells like Chuck is making
brunch, let's go eat and I will put my face on afterwards."

Later after they had eaten and were again working on the fly cutter, Tom asked
Vivienne what the feud was about. "I might tell you later," she replied cagily.

"Would you like me to spend the night with you again, Viv?" Tom asked.  "It now
seems pretty obvious Mary is not too keen on having me. I don't want to
disappoint Chuck though."

"Oh I don't know about that Tom. You might actually give my ass another hiding."
Her voice once again has a giggle to it.

"I always try and keep my promises Viv."

Chuck popped down to see how they were getting on and told them Mary was going
to the pharmacy to get something for her hangover and asked if they needed
anything. "Something for my face perhaps and ask her if she will get us a big
box of condoms please," Tom replied.

"You can't be serious Tom? I don't think she would have the nerve for that."

"Shall I go with her then?" Tom was creasing up with laughter.

"Ooh that would start the neighbourhood tongues wagging, Tom. It would soon be
around the estate that Mary had got a new lover."

Mary came bursting into the workshop soon after. "You don't really expect me to
get contraceptives for you surely?"

"I did offer to come with you but that didn't seem acceptable. Is it too far for
me to walk?" It was several miles and part of the way was along a freeway.
"We'll just have to be careful then and perhaps get we can get over there
tomorrow or sometime soon. Sorry I asked. I should have realised it might be too
much of an embarrassment for you."

"TOM!!" Vivienne interjected blushing furiously, "Are all Englishmen so blunt?
You humiliate me and you embarrass Mary. Perhaps I wont let you stay with me
after all."

"But you really wish me to stay don't you?" Vivienne nodded. "Then you don't
want to risk me not withdrawing in time." Again Vivienne nodded. "Well then we
need to get to the pharmacy sometime before it closes and it just seemed
sensible that if Mary was going she could pick some up."

"I'll drop by that way when I run you home Viv." Chuck countered, "Unless Mary
is brave enough to pick up a box while she is there,"

"I don't think you ought to be taking advantage of my little sister that way.
She can't very well refuse you. Or get away. I'll see if the shop is empty but I
still think you didn't ought to be doing that with her. It's disgusting." That
seemed to settle it.

*****

Tom, Vivienne and Chuck worked steadily for a couple of hours and had most of
the repairs done to the fly cutter. The cutter now ran easily and accurately on
the spindle. All it needed to complete the job was a new pulley wheel but the
old one, although chipped would suffice for the time being. They would try it
out first. Having a break from the workshop they sat around the kitchen table.
Tom made a pot of real English tea and everyone was having to sample it. Chuck
was reluctant to have milk in his tea but Vivienne, once she had allowed it to
cool, said she could get used to the taste but didn't have Tom's cast iron
stomach to drink it scalding hot.

"You haven't showed her that pile of polished scrap brass you brought with you,"
Chuck reminded him.

"What did you bring?" Vivienne asked. "You didn't mention anything to me." Tom
went and fetched the box. Vivienne's eyes lit up at the sight of the exquisite
fire engine. Tom sat her on his lap so she could see better and just as he
started to explain things to her, Mary came in with her sister Marjorie and two
more of her lady friends. It was obvious they expected Tom and Vivienne still to
be downstairs and the two women looked with some disgust at bearded and black
eyed Tom clasping the deformed girl sitting on his knee with one hand and
pointing to the funny if rather elegant looking thing on the table.

"Tell them! Tell them they are for you and Viv. I've never been so embarrassed.
Marjorie and her friends came in just as I was at the check-out. I thought I'd
done fine as the shop was nearly empty and then they came in."

Tom looked up and started laughing in his infectious way which caused Chuck and
the Vivienne to start too. "Sorry," Tom stuttered, "We could have gone tomorrow.
I didn't really expect you to get them but thanks, it will save us a trip.
Shopping is not one of my fortes unless it is for tools."

"What is it?" enquired Marjorie.

"Don't start him off," Mary exclaimed, "He'll talk all night about it." And Tom
did. He was a superb engineer and also a very good raconteur. The ladies soon
forgot about appearances as Tom took them back in time to the end of the
nineteenth century and his stories of firefighting and the equipment they used
and some of the fires and rescues the engine had attended. He'd copied the old
log book still extant in a South London station and could build word pictures in
their minds that kept them enthralled. Of course they also tried to wheedle from
him how he'd spent the previous night and how he'd got his black eye but Tom was
much more reticent in giving that information but they got some idea of the
relationship from the packet Mary had bought and from the fact that Tom carried
her to the toilet and stayed with her until she was finished.

Marjorie was very blunt in her questions and virtually accused Tom of abducting
her sister but Vivienne heatedly disavowed that and suggested that if Marjorie
hadn't been so eager to go to the theatre it would only have been a pleasant
walk around the lake. "But I am glad the theatre was more important than me,"
she went on, "I've known love even if it is only for two days."

*****

"Tell me. What it is between Mary and you," Tom asked when they were together at
her place that evening. "There is much more to it than looks and disabilities."

"Make me," Vivienne taunted him cheekily.

"Okay then, but keep your fists out of my face. I know you've got the job you
wanted done so it is usable but I don't want to need a guide dog or as you say,
a seeing eye dog, for the rest of my stay." Picking her up and removing her
skirt he held her face down on a cushion. "Are you going to tell me?" He tried
to use his best interrogator's voice.

"No! Oooww!!" Vivienne cried as his hand landed on her bare arse. "That hurt."

"Tell me." Vivienne remained silent. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! The blows were
nowhere near as hard as the on previous evening.

"Alright I'll tell you. First though take me to the bedroom and make love to me.
I feel all warm and tingly there now." Tom did as requested and fucked her hard.
Both of them climaxed and lay still and naked in each others arms.

"There is nine years between my age and Mary's. I think I must have been an
accident on my mother's part, in more ways than one. She died giving birth to me
and Mary has always blamed me for her death. All of my other sisters are older
than Mary so she was the one most often that had to take care of me. Father
worked four nights a week so he wasn't there too often and when he was, he was
working on getting compensation for what they did to me in the hospital."

"What did actually happen?" Tom asked.

"Somehow in my development inside my mother, my legs got tied up and lost the
blood circulation to them. We didn't have sonic imaging then so it wasn't found
out till I was born. I wasn't due for another six weeks when mother's water
broke and she was rushed into the hospital. It was only a small local hospital
with one junior doctor on duty and when my mother arrived the junior doctor had
only been a week out of training. He had sense enough to call the consultant but
he was suffering a heart attack and a second consultant he tried to get was at a
party fifty miles away so this junior had to try and birth me on his own with
just the nurses to help none of whom was overly experienced. It should have been
a C birth but the junior didn't think he should undertake this on his own so let
mother try and birth me naturally. When my head showed he gripped it with tongs
and had started to pull before the nurse yelled at him not to. That's why my
head is the shape it is. Being premature, the bones were not hard enough to take
the pressure and the fact that my legs were tied somewhere inside meant I wasn't
going to come out anyway. All this came out later at various inquests and
tribunals.

Apparently I was stuck half in and half out of mother who was bleeding profusely
internally. One of the nurses managed to contact another consultant at the free
hospital and they rushed him over. His action saved my life but he was too late
to save mother."

"What a gruesome beginning Viv." Tom remarked as he gave her a squeeze.

"For much of my early life I was in hospital. They removed the remains of my
legs and over a period did various skin grafts but they couldn't do anything
about my head. However, the head squashing must have done something to my brain
as I turned out much brighter than any of my classmates particularly in
mathematical things. Hence my liking for ornamental turning. An uncle had the
lathe and showed me a lot of things. He left the lathe to me when he died.

From about two years old, Mary had to spend more and more time looking after me
and by the time I was twelve she showed her resentment especially when she had a
date and couldn't go out because of me. I think it was because of this and the
fact we were usually alone in the house four nights a week that she brought her
boyfriends home and I heard them having sex in the next room. She wasn't as
staid then but still rather spiteful.

She first started to torment me sexually when I was about thirteen. Mary had
bathed me, nothing unusual in that but then she laid me back on the bed and
started to play with my breasts that by now were well developed. Afterwards she
played with my pussy, all the time taunting me with the fact that no boy would
ever want to have me like they had her."

"I wouldn't have believed that of Mary," Tom remarked, "She seems so
straight-laced now."

"She was quite a tear-away when she was in her teens. She's changed a lot since
she met Chuck. Anyway, soon it wasn't just her that played with me. A group of
her girl friends came round and she showed them my stumps and of course in doing
so, my pussy. Mira particularly seemed very interested in playing and pinched
and played with my clit and tits until I became wet and had an orgasm in front
of them all. I was totally humiliated. This became a regular feature of their
entertainment when those girls came round.

Things got worse when she brought a boy home and asked him if he would like to
see my cunt. One thing led to another and soon she had me playing with them but
fortunately she drew the line at them actually fucking me. They did most other
things though. It all stopped when I got my own back on her.

After nearly fifteen years of fighting for compensation from the hospital, they
agreed to paying out several million dollars over a period of five years and one
of the first things my father did was to employ a carer for me which relieved
Mary of many of her obligations. The carer though had certain nights off and had
arranged to go away for a weekend, from Friday afternoon to Monday morning. This
clashed with a party Mary had arranged at the house. I was put in my room and
told to stay there out of the way. However I needed to use the bathroom and I
could now do so on my own because father had made a temporary frame for me to
pull myself out of the chair on to the seat. On the way back I saw Mary go into
her room and went to ask her for a drink. She was incensed I was out of my room
and could be seen by her guests and went to slap my face. As you have found out,
my arms are quite strong and I surprised her by grabbing the hand and twisting
it behind be back. Luck was with me as the chair also trapped her legs. I picked
up a pair of her panty hose from the bed and bound her wrists and when she
started to yell I jerked both arms up and fastened them to the bed rail.

Now I took my revenge for years of abuse from her. I gagged her and then removed
all the clothes from the lower part of her body so she was lying across the bed
with her bare bum in the air and her pussy exposed. I knew she was far from
being a virgin and was on the pill so I took one of her lipsticks and wrote
'Fuck Me' on her hinny and left her while I went and locked myself in my room. I
think I just made it inside before one of the boys came up to use the bathroom
and saw her displayed through the open door. Soon there seemed to be a stampede
and a lot of noise. It was obvious the boys were taking turns with her egged on
by the girls.

Suddenly everyone heard my father's voice. He shouldn't have been home for hours
but there was a power-out where he worked and everyone had been sent home. After
father came in the room everyone quickly left. He entered my room using his
emergency key on the special lock and asked me if I knew anything of the
incident. I of course kept quiet. Father looked for booze in my room but found
none. Mary decided not to involve me for which I was grateful but I guess she
knew if she split on me, I would have told why I did it. I was taken to Mary to
confirm her story. In front of me, Mary received a hard spanking for using the
house for a party and having booze available to minors but oddly little was said
about the raping. For a while Mary was very subdued but then she left and got an
apartment nearer to her work. Later she met Chuck. He had a good job, a house
and prospects so she set her hooks in although they are quite different
socially. They seem to get along quite well now though. Since the incident, Mary
hasn't tried to molest me but our relationship is more of an armed truce rather
than sisterly affection."

"Perhaps now it the time for it to improve," remarked Tom.



The next few days flew by for Tom. He transferred all his stuff to Vivienne's
home but still spent a good deal of time with Chuck and to a lesser extent with
Mary. Whenever, he went there he took Vivienne with him. Mostly they were making
or repairing other parts of her old lathe but several times they just walked in
the park, even Mary coming with them on one occasion.

Two days were spent at the Model Engineering exhibition. Tom couldn't enter the
competition. The entry forms should have been sent in a month ago but the
organisers gave him a stand where he could put engine on show. Each day they
took Vivienne along. At first she was most self conscious at sitting behind the
stand facing the public and having them face her. Tom insisted she bring along
some of her ornamental turning and soon involved her in any discussions. Most
model engineers were also interested in the turnings and they could only see her
face so had no idea she had no legs. At first they usually asked Tom how they
were done but always her referred them to Vivienne saying she was the expert. By
the end of the second day, Vivienne began to believe that there were some people
in the world who were not repelled by her looks, people who believed she could
contribute to a discussion.

This was particularly brought home to her at a dinner held in an up market
restaurant to which Chuck and his friends were invited. Ten people sat round the
table, all casually dressed as they had just finished packing up their exhibits.
One of the group, Michael, seemed to have a special interest in Vivienne's
turnings and wanted to know exactly how she achieved the quality of finish. Two
others kept joining in the conversation and Vivienne found herself the centre of
attention for a while. At the end Michael said, "Vivienne you really are a
special woman. When I saw you at the show I had no idea you had no legs. How you
are able to produce such superb work without being able to stand in the right
position, beats me."

"I just have to use me arms and hands," Vivienne replied.

"You must have well developed muscles then."

"As I found out," Tom cut in causing everyone to laugh. The area around his eye
was still very blue and tender and would be that way for a while yet.

Thursday came and as arranged Captain Karen Bradley came and picked them up for
the meeting of the Potomac Women's Guild. Tom introduced Vivienne to Karen as
his new girlfriend. Karen looked surprised but introduced herself cordially and
shook hands with her, then bent down and kissed her cheek. Turning to Tom and
looking at his face, she commented that it looked as if he had been getting
himself into mischief while over here. "Too many beers in our downtown bars?"
she asked.

"I just marked him as mine," Vivienne interjected with a laugh but really she
was just a little jealous of the tall captain who she thought could be a rival
for Tom's affections.

All three were able to sit in the front of her vehicle and for a while
conversation lapsed, then Karen spoke, "Tom, Vivienne, please don't get me wrong
but some of the older people in our group are a bit sharp with their comments
and you may well get grilled on your relationship. They will want or at least
they will try and find out, all the juiciest details of how you got together,
what you do together, and especially I think, how and why you got that black
eye. I'll try and keep them away from the subject but I don't doubt they will
find a way to ask and probably ask in the bluntest way. Millicent at least
will."

So it proved. Tom had them enthralled with his descriptions of the engine and
how it was used, He insisted Vivienne show the Chinese balls she had made and
for two hours no personal comments were made. Karen thanked the visitors for
coming and entertaining them so well. "I'm sorry to note that it seems likely
that you will be getting your bond money back and Uncle Sam will have to go
without his tax on it. Pity." She laughed and then went on, "The ladies have
baked home-made cookies for us and I will make tea the British way for our
guest. I can even make it with real English tea or you can have iced tea or wine
if you prefer." Tom of course plumped for 'real' tea. It was as they sat around
eating and drinking that the questions came.

"How did you meet?"

"I found her under a tree, alone. So I pushed her to the food table and filled
her belly and then abducted her away."

"And you got a black eye for doing that?

"Sort of." So the questions went on, neither Tom nor Vivienne giving too much
away.

Millicent spoke, "So you are going back to England in a few days time. What's
going to happen to your relationship then? It is going to be difficult for you
being separated by 3,000 miles.

Vivienne broke down into tears. Tom stuttered an answer but they both knew
although they had put off thinking about it soon now they would have to face the
inevitable. Neither knew what they would do or how they would feel about the
separation. Millicent knew she had touched a raw spot but blundered on in the
way elderly ladies think they have a right to, "Looks to me you have three
choices. Separate and treat this as a holiday fling, you girl, can move over to
England or Tom can move over here." Karen stepped in at this point and called a
halt to the dialogue, saying the couple were stressed enough.

By Sunday they began to talk seriously on the problem. Tom suggested they invite
Chuck and Mary over for an English roast beef Sunday lunch with all the
trimmings and which he would cook. Tom managed despite the low level cooker,
work surfaces and table. Afterwards Mary raised the question, not out of spite
but for once in a genuinely concerned way.

Vivienne told them of Millicent's options and said they had ruled out the first
one. Neither of them wanted it to be just a holiday fling. The stumbling block
was which one was going to move. Chuck in his down to earth way suggested to
them, "Tom you've been here for two weeks now, would you actually like to live
here permanently?"

"In some ways yes. America has a lot of good points but it has all been very hot
paced. It is more laid back at home and I have so many friends I would miss and
I would miss not meeting my model engineers. I've money enough to live for a few
months but I will have to try and get another job and I think I am more likely
to do that in England."

"Viv," Chuck went on, "You have never been to England so I would suggest that
before you two make up your minds, you take a holiday over there. Yes, I know
there would be problems in travelling but none that cannot be surmounted. You
might like England, on the other hand you might not. Either way you need to
know." They talked around the problems involved in Vivienne travelling and made
a couple of calls to travel agencies and then to airlines. It seemed that flying
to England was an option provided the airline knew they had a disabled passenger
at the time of booking.



Wednesday saw very tearful good-byes. As was to be expected, Vivienne was
particularly depressed. Karen met Tom when he passed through customs and sorted
out the paper work concerning the bond money.. "How is Vivienne taking your
leaving?" she enquired.

"Not very well and to tell the truth I will miss her badly too. I'll come back
as soon as I can but I must look for another job soon."

Before he left her she gave him a card with her home email address and he wrote
his on a card for her. "Let me know any flight times etc and I will see what I
can do to help you through immigration."



*****





The email was timed at 17:21 EST which Tom quickly calculated to after midnight
in England. It was 5:30 a.m. in England now so it would be midnight:30 over
there.

There was a second email, this one from Karen.



A sleepy sounding Chuck answered and after a brief run down on what happened and
Vivienne's condition he told Tom he had booked him a seat on that flight but it
could be changed if necessary.

After confirming he would be on it, Tom asked Chuck to inform Karen first thing
in the morning.

*****

Vivienne lay awake knowing she ought to get up but since Tom left she'd hardly
seem to have the energy to do anything. She had managed to get to the toilet and
make coffee but was still in her nightdress. "I suppose I'd better make a move,
Elsie will be here soon," she thought to herself. The door buzzer went. "Sod it,
she's here already. Must have forgotten her swipe card." That had happened only
twice in the two years she had been Vivienne's carer. Vivienne picked up the
remote and the speaker crackled, "Hi, Vivienne. I'm Martin, mother's sent me
with a box of cleaning stuff. She's coming along later." The voice sounded a
little strange over the intercom and the face wasn't too clear on the monitor
but unsuspectingly Vivienne pressed the button that released the door catch.
Immediately two youths entered and pulled ski masks over their faces.

One held Vivienne at knife point while the other searched the house. He  only
found $50 in cash and very little else they could readily sell. Vivienne had
very little need for jewellery. The youths thought she must have more cash
stashed away. One held her arms and the other started punching her. "Where d'ya
keep the rest of the money?" he demanded time and time again each time
accompanied by a blow to her face or chest. Unfortunately for Vivienne Elsie
should have taken her to the bank the previous day but Vivienne didn't feel up
to it. When it became obvious she hadn't anymore more ready cash, they became
even more angry and both hit her again. One punch knocked her off the bed and
then they kicked her. Vivienne's nightdress was now ripped and they saw her
breasts and naked cunt. "Well if you can't give us money, we'll just have to
have a bit of fun with you. I've never had a legless cunt before," the bigger of
the two youths stated. Holding her arms above her head, the other one opened his
flies and showed Vivienne his erect cock. Vivienne knew that held as she was,
she was utterly helpless and couldn't even kick at her attackers. Through her
tear filled eyes she could see the watery glazed look in their and guessed they
were both somewhat high on drugs.

"I hope you are ready for this," small guy muttered as he pushed his prick
against her opening. He forced it in her dry cunt and forcibly raped her. She
screamed as the youth thrust in hard. Vivienne's body, dulled by the pain she
had already received unwillingly took the youth's cock but she received no
pleasure, Then they changed places and as the second one pulled out, Vivienne
got one arm free and summoning all her remaining strength landed him a blow to
the jaw. It was a pretty devastating punch which connected with the bigger guy's
jaw, dislocating and causing the boy to almost pass out. His friend had to hold
him up.

For a few seconds it looked as if he was going to beat Vivienne  again.
Fortunately at that moment Elsie entered the house using her card and yelled
along the hall, "Hi, Viv. You not up yet? Be with you in a mo." The youths
stuffed a pillow over Vivienne's face to stifle any reply. Elsie hung her coat
in the hall and got the vacuum from a nearby small closet. She often did this to
save her walking back for it later.

"We better get out quick," small guy growled and tugged his still dazed friend.
As the boys ran passed Elsie, she put the rod from the vacuum between the legs
of small guy and he fell. Elsie, a powerfully built working woman, pulled his
hat off.

"Michael O'Conners what are you doing in here," she managed to say before he
escaped again and followed his friend out of the door. Rushing to the bedroom
she saw Vivienne and immediately dialed 911 and within minutes the police and
ambulance arrived. Both boys were soon arrested.

Then began the ordeal of questioning by the policewoman. She was gentle enough
but Vivienne's mind had no desire to go through the whole episode again. Chuck
and Mary visited. "I'll tell Tom," Chuck stated.

"No! No, don't do that. I don't want him to know about this." Vivienne seemed so
distraught at the thought, Chuck didn't inform Tom for two days but then decided
Tom really ought to know and sent the email.

Karen was as good as her word. The lines through immigration were extremely long
due to two previous flights having arrived late and only minutes before his. As
he entered the hall, Karen was waiting in full uniform. "Put your hands out
Tom." Quickly she grabbed them and slipped a pair of cuffs on. "I thought that
might surprise you," she laughed, "But it will keep the other staff from asking
why I am out here and taking you through to the head of the line. In any case,
it is one way for me to get a man!" Karen marched Tom straight to a desk, picked
up the stamp and slammed it on his passport, tore the tab off the immigration
card and stapled it in. The officer at the counter looked questioningly at her
superior but said nothing. Tom was led to the carousel for his suitcase and on
to her office where the cuffs were removed. Picking up the phone Karen ordered
her driver to bring the car round.

"I suppose you haven't brought any valuable items with you time?"

"Just this." Tom pulled a small box from his pocket. Inside was a braided gold
ring surmounted with a tiny gold rose. "It cost about ?60 that's about $100 for
the fine gold wire I needed for a model ten years ago. No idea what it is worth
now and I hope I don't have to take it home."

"You made this? It's beautiful Tom. No one would buy one like it. You're a
clever sod. But I haven't seen it so, there's nothing to declare."

"How badly injured is she?" Tom asked

"I don't really know Tom. Pretty bad bruises according to Chuck and some cracked
ribs. Badly scuffed knuckles where she landed a punch on one of them. He had a
dislocated jaw. They've got both of them now but Chuck will tell you the full
story. If you can believe the reports on the news and in the paper it is a tear
jerking story. Headlines like 'Brutes beat and rape legless woman'."

"Is she likely to get pregnant?" Tom asked. "We always used condoms."

"I asked Chuck that question when he phoned and he said she should be okay. She
had gotten herself on the pill ready for your next visit and besides the
hospital cleaned her out after taking samples for DNA testing and gave her the
morning after pill. So you shouldn't have anything to worry about there and no
doubt they will have done the usual blood tests. They take a few days to
verify."

Karen's uniform got them through security to Vivienne's bedside. Chuck and Mary
were already there. Vivienne appeared to be asleep. As Tom bent and kissed her
lips so Vivienne's eyes opened in surprise. No one had told her he was coming.
Her reaction though caused Tom more surprise. "Go away, you sodding Englishman!
Don't pretend you want me now. Not after you know what happened. Not after what
they did. Not when I look like this. Not when..."

"Sodyou, shut up!" Vivienne looked up as he used the name he first called her.
He kissed her again.

"Tom, please leave me. I don't want you to see me like this. No man will ever
want me now. I was an ugly sister before now I am repulsive bitch. Let me go
back to being a bitch that no one wants."

"Nurse," Tom said, "Have you got a largish mirror please?"

"There's one in the locker room but..."

"Get it please. There is a good reason for my asking." When the nurse returned
he asked Mary to sit on the bed alongside Vivienne and then he sat at Mary's
side. Carefully he supported Vivienne so she could see the three faces when the
nurse held the mirror.

"Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?"

"She is of course," spat Vivienne.

"Mary? Last time we did this, what did I go on to say?"

Blushing a little, Mary said, "We should look past a person features and into
what lies behind them. Look for the inner being and not the outer."

"So Viv, let's look at you. Let us look past the swellings, past the bruises to
the person behind, Has she changed inside since I last saw her? Not if your
emails were anything to go by. Not even by the way she doesn't think before she
swings her right fist from what I hear." There was gentle laughter. "Ooops I see
it was a left hook this time. That's creates a bit of a problem. You see, I had
hoped to put this on the third finger of your left hand." Tom produced the ring.
It glittered in the light but Vivienne could hardly see it for tears."

"Sod you Englishman. It's beautiful. You made it didn't you?" When Tom nodded,
she went on, "And you must have worked on this for some weeks before this
happened." Again Tom nodded. "Sod you Englishman. Yes, I will marry you and go
to England with you."





Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





