BDSM Library - Training of a White Wizardess




Training of a White Wizardess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This being a treatise on the training of a White Wizardess in the Old Way. The Wizard Drandar the White wrote this treatise in an attempt to record information that was being lost to the world of the Arcane Arts and was recently discovered by archeologists among many other such works.  With surviving work of this quality we shall soon have a richer understanding of what life was like in the time of Arcane Arts on our planet.
Training of a White Wizardess


This being a treatise on the selection and training of a female White Wizardess
in the Old Way.

Before all knowledge of the Old Way passes from this world I have made it my
work to write down the essentials of the training process and the benefits that
can be derived from the unique partnership of White Wizard and White Wizardess
in the world of the arcane arts.  It is wise to read this work in its entirety
before attempting such training.  There is much that must be prepared before
time, and careful thought and consideration must be given before embarking on
such an intense training.  There is much misinformation and myth surrounding the
process and this work seeks to clarify the process so that others can benefit by
this training and have access to higher order arts.

The pursuit of working the arcane arts is a dangerous one, requiring
extraordinary talent, dedication, hard work, and sacrifice by those seeking to
master the Arcane Arts.  Each school of magic requires something different of
its practitioners.  While it is the general perception that the White school
requires least of all and Black the most, this is not true in practice.  What
they all require is a dedication and control of bodily functions and the mind
that most would not and could not endure.

A female student with aims to enter the White School of the Arcane will have
been identified by the Abbess of the township and sent to live with the nuns to
begin their training by the age of 6.  This is not always the case as some
parents need the child to work and will sometimes hide children of talent away
when the scouts come searching for candidates.  Conversely, parents who have
dreams of profiting by their children being selected to a school of the arcane
will foist upon the scouts children that are not suitable for such a vocation. 
Great care must be taken that the talented children find their ways to the
Abbeys whilst the unsuitable are immediately culled from the group.

A Wizard may in his travels find what is referred to as a Wild Talent -- a child
that has not had the benefit of being selected for training in the arcane arts
but has developed some rudimentary skills of drawing upon the arcane forces on
their own.  This is a separate case and will be dealt with in a separate
treatise as it is far beyond the scope of this paper.  This paper deals with the
training of a female who has had some introduction into the arcane arts by the
nuns at an Abby.  For more information on the early training of White School
candidates at an Abby, please refer to 'The Early Training and Education of a
Wizardess at the Abby of Neversin' by Gabriella the Grey.  Though written with
the Grey School of Magic, it is none the less an accurate account of excellent
early childhood education methods in the arcane arts.

Before the age of Menses the female destined to study the arcane arts of the
White School of Magic should be sent to live full time with a Wizard.  The age
of Menses for those females studying the arcane arts is much later than for
other females.  The exact reason for this is not known, though this fact
supports the idea that proper training in the Old Way, that relies on feminine
energies for the foundation of control, is the correct course.  Academy training
is not recommended at this time as they no longer follow the rituals and
protocols of the Old Way, in fact, they often forget that such protocols exist
and have become quite lax in their training and discipline of those with skills
in the arcane arts.  A dangerous precedent that will bode ill for the future.

It is critical at this phase to first establish absolute trust and absolute
control of the female student --  instilling in that student absolute obedience
until mastery is attained.  It is imperative that the student learn the
consequences of a moments distraction or hesitation in wielding such powerful
forces.  Students at this age are willful, under the influence of the female
essences and can be difficult to subjugate - but for the safety of everyone, the
student must submit to the will of the master.  This is accomplished by the
method described below and has been proven effective for hundreds of years.

When the student comes to the Wizard to be trained, it is necessary to establish
most unequivocally that the Wizard is in charge in all things, that a new way of
life is to begin from this moment forth.  It is the way that from this moment
on, the student shall be clad only in the white apprentice shift or remain
entirely unclothed.  Whatever garments have come with the student shall be
burned accordingly and the student thoroughly cleansed and scrubbed.  The
student should then be put upon a strict regimen of fasting and cleansing for
one week to rid the body of any impurity.  For the serious study of the arcane
arts it is necessary to convey that modesty or personal discomforts have no
place at all.  Reticence for any of these tasks by the student should be dealt
with swiftly and sharply.  Sustenance for students at this time should be
supplied by a suitable wet nurse from the Abby at least 4 times daily.  It is
best to have the wet nurse nearby so that the student has access to sustenance
at all times.  The Wizard can supplement this sustenance with a specially
prepared potion that must be introduced directly to the stomach as it is quite
unpalatable though quite nutritious.

During this same week of cleansing and fasting, the first lessons are those of
building trust and control.  The student is made to remain still, in a kneeling
position, while various stimulus is applied and the student must complete
whatever task is assigned them without faltering when the stimulus is applied. 
The goal of this stimulus is to provoke the student and increase mastery of self
control so that eventually the student will not be distracted by any amount of
pain, discomfort, or unusual circumstance.  The most common methods include
applying nettles to sensitive parts of the body, applying stinging insects,
making small cuts into delicate tissue, applying mild stinging agents to the
cuts, stings, or mucus membranes while the student is expected to maintain her
position, remain focused on her thoughts, and otherwise master control of her
reactions. 

Failure to maintain position or concentration at these times should be punished
severely and immediately by application of a thin cane to either the nether
regions of the body or across the nipples - these areas being quite sensitive to
a female student.  If the student fails again in the course of the same day, an
additional punishment should be implemented immediately.  The student should be
taken outside and secured spread eagle to an appropriate device that is sturdy
while allowing access to all parts of the body. 

The student should be reminded of the critical importance of maintaining both
posture and attention and then the punishment is to begin.  Place into the mouth
of the student a small cutting of bitter horseradish root so that she can hold
it easily and taste its bitterness.  Remind the student that she must keep it in
her mouth no matter what else occurs.  A blindfold is then applied so that the
student will have to depend on other senses as she experiences what she must
understand.

The following can be applied in any order, being mindful of the student's own
weakness and circumstances.  Needles are to be passed through the areola tissue
of the breast, several through each nipple, and should be of sufficient gauge to
cause intense sensation.  Needles should also be passed through the Labia
majora, Labia minora and in persistent cases of inattention and control, the
Clitoris.  The piercing of these body parts is moderately painful and should
remind the student that her focus should be on control. 

Once the needles are inserted, first order spells can be applied that will make
the needles reactive or quite hot to the touch.  If the Wizard chooses not to
use any spell casting at this time for personal reasons, hot bee's wax can be
dripped over sensitive tissues or small metal probes the size of toothpicks can
be heated red hot and applied to sensitive areas of the body.  Once these spells
have been cast upon the needles in the girls flesh, it is necessary now to
violate the very personal spaces that keep the girl separate from total
submission to the will of the Wizard.

All students will undergo this particular exercise in their first weeks of
training, usually as a result of failing some small trials.  It is quite natural
to have to insist upon total control and subjugation of another and may not be
avoided.  While the needles are in place, the spells cast to keep them hot or
reactive in some manner it is now the job of the Wizard to enforce his will most
deeply upon her psyche.  It has been shown to be 99 % effective to aggressively
make use of the student's anal opening to achieve this end.  Forceful violation
of the anus generates a deep sense of submissive will in the female though the
exercise may have to be repeated at regular intervals to complete the cycle of
ultimate submission.

In conjunction with anal intrusion and violation, it will be necessary to also
violate the oral opening as the vaginal opening should remain chaste until such
time as she will be bred.  There are many accepted methods of violating the anal
and oral openings in a young female student, each have their own strengths and
weaknesses that must be understood by the Wizard implementing them.

It is often easiest for the Wizard to utilize his own organs for this exercise
and that is often done.  In other cases, Wizards have opted to utilize various
implements for this task.  Whichever method is chosen, it is essential that the
violations be aggressive, compelling, and done in a manner that breaks the
outward rebellion of the student without damaging the self-esteem and motivation
of that student.  The point of the exercise is not to damage or enjoy some form
of retribution for failure, but to underscore the dominant and submissive nature
of the relationship between student and Wizard.  It is a delicate balance of
caring and punishment that achieves this purpose.

Whichever implements are decided upon in the subjugation of the student, it is
essential that both the oral and the anal orifice are violated at the same time
and aggressively so.  The oral orifice should be stretched somewhat painfully
and should include penetration to the throat - to the point of cutting off the
air supply so that the student shall learn that stillness, contemplation and
concentration are essential to the basic act of taking in air.  If the student
struggles, continue to block the breathing passages until the student learns to
relax and thus be able to take in life giving air.  To also violate the anal
opening in this case makes implements a wise choice as a Wizard has but one
organ capable of violating two places at once.  There are spells that will
provide the necessary components to practice a dual violation and should be
utilized in this case.

Whichever implement or organ is to be used in the anal violation, it should be
coated with some form of lubricating compound so as to avoid any permanent
damage.  A favored lubricant for this activity is one in which some form of
menthol or other irritant has been added.  The diameter of the invading
implement should exceed one inch and the most common implement is generally
sized at 2 inches in diameter, necessitating a slow intrusion over time with
adequate, stinging lubrication.

Again, it is not the purpose to inflict pain per se, but to establish a level of
control.  The anal violation should be a slow one, with some measure of pain,
but most of all, the feeling of inevitability for the student, that she cannot
escape, that she must submit to the will of the Wizard even while struggling to
allow air into her lungs from the oral invasion while being most intimately
invaded in her anal passage.

The effect sought here is a balance between the pain of the anal violation and
the need to take in air through oral orifices, all the while blindfolded and
restrained, underscoring the complete power of the Wizard over the student.

It will take several such sessions of control to challenge the student to such a
degree that she fully accepts her position as submissive to the Wizard.

The activities described above can have many other components added to them, all
designed with one end in mind - to remind the student of their position in
regards to the Wizard teaching them.  In some cases, other methods are required
to achieve this purpose and these include such exercises as denying food and
water or feeding only via the hand of the Wizard.  Restraint in uncomfortable
positions while having to recite lessons or cantrips, increased application of
stinging nettles, potions, needles, fire or other elements to the naked flesh,
application of the cane to tender parts of the anatomy, and so on.  Many methods
have been written about and the Wizard should avail himself of any he deems
necessary to bring the student to submission so that she can begin to master
both herself and the powerful forces of the Arcane Arts.

The process of subjugation will take anywhere from 2 months to 2 years depending
on the will of the student and their prior experiences.  Even if the student is
reluctant to submit to the will of the Wizard, much can be taught in this time
as a way of motivating the student to properly achieve goals.

It is a fact that females introduced to the arcane arts early on will achieve
menarche later than other females and for this reason it is essential that the
student understand her role by this important time.  The natural forces of
menstruation and the probability of being an able breeder wreaks havoc with
those who have not yet learned control.

At the time of the first menses, a student should have learned at least 2 dozen
cantrips and several first order spells with alacrity.  The student should also
be fully dependent on the Wizard for all things, and be submissive in nature,
able to withstand most disturbances in spellcasting and still be able to cast a
spell correctly despite distractants such as nettles, needles, fire, and the
like.

It is most desirable for a student to be bred at this time, rather than waiting
for later.  It has been conclusively shown that early breeding is best, yielding
better progeny and allowing for greater personal development for the student
later on. Delaying breeding greatly interferes with the natural progression of
the student and interrupts higher level learning at the worst possible time. 
With this in mind, the Wizard should immediately develop a plan to breed his
female students at the earliest possible times, preferably immediately after the
onset of menarche which typically occurs in students in the 17th year.

In the interests of passing along all advantage of those capable of wielding the
Arcane Arts, it is essential that breeding be given proper consideration.  It
has been suggested by the Council of Wizards that all Wizards breed their
females at least once and then consider other breedings with other Wizards so
that each female at minimum breed four times, though preferably, they should be
bred 6 times before continuing higher level studies.

The breeding process for Wizards is quite different than it is for ordinary
mortals.  There is much at stake with the forces of Arcane Power and it does
have impact on the breeding process and the ultimate viability of the progeny.

In order to breed effectively, a Wizard must first prepare his student according
to the following protocol:

Immediately upon the onset of menarche, the Wizard must have the student cast
the Summon Unicorn spell.  It is essential to cast this spell within hours of
the onset so that before the cycle has completed, the student's own Unicorn will
appear to assist her with the breaking of the hymen and preparing her womb for
future progeny.

Once the spell has been cast, the student must be ritually cleansed and must
fast for the duration of the bleeding cycle.  This will ensure a deeply lucid
mind process, unfettered and uncomplicated by the body having to attend to such
distractions as processing food and other bodily functions.

The Wizard must at this time be sure that the blood and fluids of the womb do
not escape - they must be preserved in the student's body until such time as her
Unicorn appears.  This can be accomplished with the application of a small
cuplike device at the entrance to her womb, without disturbing the hymen. 

To be absolutely sure that the device is not disturbed by ongoing bodily
functions it is essential that a length of small tubing be inserted into the
urinary opening so that the urine can be discharged via the tube.  It is also
wise to insert a much wider tube into the rectum for the same purpose and opened
for waste disposal at the convenience of the Wizard.  To accelerate the process
of elimination of bodily waste, the Wizard should give the student the potion
for that purpose. As it is nearly impossible to willingly ingest this particular
potion, it is highly recommended that the Wizard secure the student horizontally
and carefully insert a tube deep into the student's stomach via the mouth and
carefully pour the potion down the tube.  Within 30 minutes, the student will
begin to cramp and the bodily wastes will be expelled rather forcefully, another
good reason for the tubing in the anal opening which can then direct the
effluent harmlessly into a prepared container.

Once the student has been completely cleaned, cleansed and her menstrual fluids
carefully contained within her womb, it is time to prepare her for the
ministrations of the Unicorn.

As is well known, the innate magic of the Unicorn is essential for good White
Magic.  They are bestowed with unique energy and forces that the female of our
species is quite receptive to.  Without the Unicorn, there would be few White
Magic Users of the higher orders.  White Wizards can be the most powerful of all
the classes, and it is the association with the Unicorn that makes this possible
though also demands something few can willingly give - absolute obedience to
Wizard and Unicorn both.  This is why there are so few White Wizards.

The student must be restrained for the attentions of the Unicorn.  This is a
major test of suitability for the student and if failed, the student must choose
another school of wizardry or more likely, another vocation altogether.  Failed
students often retire to the monasteries to service the clerics and give
themselves to the gods in all ways.

To properly restrain the student, it is required that the Unicorn have access to
her womb, by both horn and organ.  The best position for this is to restrain the
student upon her hands and knees, her legs widely spread on the breeding board. 
The most common design of the breeding board is so that the student's face is as
low as possible to the board while her hips and reproductive organ are as high
up as possible.  The board will have to be adjusted to incline the student at
the proper angle for easy penetration of any of her orifices by the Unicorn and
ultimately, by the Wizard that will actually breed her at breeding time.  Push
down on the shoulders so that the breasts are pressed through the openings of
the board so that the Unicorn may also have access to these.

Once the student is properly secured, the Wizard must then prepare her flesh for
the test.  Beginning with thin canes, the Wizard must carefully stripe her
entire body with lightly bloody welts.  It is essential that this is done
correctly as many a Unicorn has refused to bless the student if it believes the
student has not appropriately supplicated herself to him or has offered enough
of her pain and flesh in exchange for the blessings the Unicorns bestow.

Once the welts have covered as much of the student's body as possible, it is
necessary to anoint the welts with a stinging potion.  The cries of the student
should mark the point at which the Unicorn is near.  The Unicorn is lured by
these cries, knowing that the time will be soon.

If the Unicorn fails to arrive by the time all the welts have been properly
dressed with the stinging potion, it will be necessary to elicit further cries
of more vigor from the student.  At this point, it will be necessary to apply
the stinging potion to a long and wide phallus that is marked with rounded studs
the size of marbles over the entire shaft.  Apply the stinging potion liberally
and apply several cane strokes directly to the anal opening until the opening is
lightly welted and has some bleeding.  Press the phallus against the anal
opening and insert it fully into the rectum, being sure that it is quite long
enough to extend past the internal sphincter.

This has rarely failed to produce cries of the correct intensity and vigor to
make the Unicorn come forward and claim the student.

When the Unicorn has approached, the Wizard should take up his position at the
head of his student and insert the 'O' ring gag into her mouth to protect his
organ from inadvertent bearing down by her teeth when the Unicorn takes her.  He
should then prepare his organ for oral penetration of her mouth so that his
release of seminal fluids will coincide with the emission of the Unicorn's
fluids into the student's womb.

Most Unicorns will approach slowly, savoring the cries of the student.  He will
then nip the breasts and nipples, eliciting more cries but with the purpose of
stimulating the nipples to rise to their erect state.  Once the nipples have
sufficiently hardened the Unicorn will turn his attention to her womanly
opening, ripping away the cup that has retained her menstrual fluids. He will
drink deeply of the menstrual blood, as it is known that this contains unique
energies that feed the Unicorn in a way that nothing else can.  Once he has
drunk all that he can suck from the opening to the womb, he will retrieve more
by breaking the hymen with his horn and inserting the uniquely shaped tongue
deeply inside.  Once sated, the Unicorn will then mount the student.  It is at
this time the Wizard must penetrate the student's mouth with his own organ.

Do not be alarmed at the relative size of the organ of the Unicorn in relation
to the size of the vaginal opening of the student.  While it seems a poor fit,
the innate magic of the Unicorn will ensure that the student's womb is undamaged
by the coupling.  The coupling can last anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes and so
the Wizard must be sure to have control of his own organ, not allowing any
emission of seminal fluid until the Unicorn has discharged his own seminal
fluids into the womb of the student.  The organ of the Unicorn is such that
while coupling with a human, a smaller appendage emerges from the tip of his
organ that is of small enough size to fit into the small opening deep within the
womb, known as the cervix. This induces severe cramps for the student while also
relaxing the throat muscles.  It is when the student's throat muscles relax,
allowing sudden deep penetration for the Wizard that is the cue that the Unicorn
will release his own seminal fluids momentarily.  This second appendage extends
and violates the cervix only moments before the Unicorn releases his own seminal
fluids and so is the best indication of when the Wizard should release his own
seminal fluids into the throat of the student.

The seminal fluid of the Unicorn will prime the student's womb for breeding
while the seminal release of the Wizard at the same time prepares the student's
body to accept his seed in the future.  If the student will be breed by someone
else, the entire process will have to be repeated with the appropriate breeder
taking the part of the Wizard instead.  Each change of breeders necessitates a
repeat of this coupling with Unicorn and breeder.

The student should remain on the breeding board until such time as her menstrual
flow ceases.  The Unicorn requires all that will be expelled by her womb and
will work to cleanse her internally using his horn and his tongue.  The muzzle
of the Unicorn is quite adept at manipulating the folds of flesh for the
purposes of drinking the menstrual fluids.  He may mount her again and again
though oral penetration by the Wizard is not necessarily required though is
thought to be helpful in fully preparing the student to accept his seed when the
time to breed occurs.

When the cycle has ended, the Unicorn will retreat until the day that the
student will in fact be breed, generally 14 days from the onset of menses.

In the intervening 14 days, the student will undergo an intense time of
preparation for her first breeding.  At this point, she should be allowed only
human breast milk.  If any other sustenance has been allowed, it should now be
discontinued.  The student shall nurse from the breast of the lactating woman at
least 6 times daily to insure that she retains the stamina for the intense
training.  She also may not invoke more magical energies than that required by
cantrips.  Large expenditures of magical energies is thought to weaken the
energies required to build a strong womb.

Instead, it is time to intensify the student's control of her bodily functions
in all ways.  The training thus far shall have included teaching the student to
depend upon the Wizard for all stimulation of a sexual nature, and should by now
have made possible the overriding of the student's own urges or at the very
least, sexual fruition should not be possible without the Wizard's permission
and stimulus.

This is the time to concentrate more fully on this aspect of the training.  If
the student is able to bring herself to fruition by her own hand, it is now the
time to make that impossible.  There are several ways to accomplish this task.

The most direct method is to stimulate the student, or allow her to stimulate
herself to the point of deep, near climax arousal and then stop.  If she cannot
stop of her own volition, it will be necessary to apply immediate and
excruciating pain to the center of her arousal organ by either a needle pressed
through the flesh of her engorged clitoris or a red hot metal probe the size of
a stout toothpick touched to the engorged clitoris.  Needless to say, the
student's pelvis should be restrained for such training.

This process should be actively repeated until the student can master control of
her sexual center.  If the Wizard has a partner that can assist in this, such
needles or red hot probes should also be applied to the erect nipples. 

It is possible that this must be done several times over the course of a day
until such time as the student can no longer come to fruition by her own efforts
and volition.  She should understand that her level of arousal is purely under
the control of the Wizard.  The Wizard should be quite aggressive in this aspect
of the training, finding as many ways as possible to sexually stimulate the
student and quashing any sign of arousal that occurs without his permission. 

The Wizard should now have full control over the ability of the student to reach
fruition.  In fact, that is the easier part of the training. What is more
difficult to achieve is deterring unbidden arousal in the student and it will
likely take years to eradicate any unwanted arousal in the student.  However,
the training at this particular stage of development is to ensure that a student
can not of her own volition reach a state of arousal that is near to fruition. 
Mild arousal at this point in time is of little consequence though needs to be
dealt with consistently and sharply.

The female body can be stimulated in many different ways.  It is essential to
test each point of arousal so that nothing is left undone.  Females are often
aroused by other females, by animals, by warm water, touch, the sight of a male,
the sight of animals copulating, drink, music, and other elements. It is the job
of the Wizard to expose his student to as many possible sources of arousal and
deal with them immediately, leaving only mild arousal as an option until such
time as the training is complete and all arousal of any level is under the
control of the Wizard.

There is a special spell that will assist in this purpose.  The spell, once
activated, will immediately alert the Wizard to any signs of arousal in the
student as well as an indication of the strength of the arousal response.  It is
designed to make note of changes in lubrication, heat, engorgement, tissue
tenseness, and mental activity of a sexual nature.  It is a difficult spell, but
well worth the effort as it is quite accurate.

It is best that during these 14 days of intense training that the student remain
by the Wizard's side at all times.  She should sleep in his bed, or at his feet,
bath with him, nurse in his presence, cleanse with him and spend every waking
moment within arms reach of the Wizard.  This will ensure that any sign of
arousal is immediately acted upon - consistency in training is essential.

As soon as the Unicorn has left, the student may be taken down and thoroughly
bathed, inside and out.  The Wizard can then immediately begin exposing his
student to sexual stimuli, preferably after the 'Detect Arousal' spell (see
appendix for spell information) has been cast.  As noted earlier, the spell is
difficult on both student and Wizard, but well worth the effort.  Once the spell
is active, the Wizard should introduce the following stimuli to the student and
any others that might come to mind.

The Wizard should lightly brush the student's nipple with various objects,
moving from light pressure to more solid pressure to the point of pain. Pain is
sometimes arousing to some females and should not be overlooked.

If the spell notes any signs of arousal, pain should immediately be introduced
to the student's sexual center by the Wizard's favored method.

If by chance the student is aroused by the intense pain of the correction, the
Wizard should consult with the guild as these are cases that can not be covered
in a simple treatise such as this.

Next, the Wizard should lightly brush his fingers against the student's vaginal
opening, her anal opening and combinations thereof.  Again, any sign of arousal
should be immediately corrected.  Needles, red hot pins, a quick sharp blow by a
thin cane, application of heated bees wax and the like should suffice if they
are directed to the very sensitive centers of the student.  These centers are
the nipples, inner vaginal area, clitoris, cervix, anal opening and irritation
of the mucus areas of the vaginal and areas via potion or herbal mixtures.

Immediacy is the crucial factor here so the Wizard must not skimp or otherwise
withhold the consequences of the least sign of arousal.

The Wizard should next check for arousal while cleansing the bowels or inserting
tubing into the urinary opening.  Females are often aroused by these rather
innocuous events as actions of this type stimulate areas very near the sexual
centers.  Again, if arousal occurs during these mundane tasks, correction must
be swiftly applied.

The best results have occurred when irritants are immediately applied to either
the cleansing solutions or to the tube that is inserted into the urinary tract. 
Several potions are available to make this fast and efficient, though several
applications may be necessary.  Also effective is combining this method with
traditional caning, intense pain to the sexual centers via needles or red hot
probes.

It will be necessary to expose the student to female stimulation and the guild
provides such women free of charge for this purpose and can be arranged for in
advance.  These women have been specially trained to explore all avenues of
potential arousal from other females and are highly effective in ferreting out
unwanted arousal.

A woman of the guild will entice the student by touch, sight, and oral
stimulation.  It is nearly 100 percent likely the student will be aroused by
another female so the Wizard should be on hand to administer correction
immediately.  If the Wizard chooses, he can instruct the female guild member in
proper corrective measures though this is not recommended unless the correction
is also supplied by the Wizard at the same time.

Correction for arousal by another female can involve the methods described
already though it has been shown more successful for students to be subjected to
an intensely humiliating procedure that while not physically painful, provides
the emotional pressure to master self control.  A common remedy recreates an
environment of babyhood for the student, but in the context of being an adult. 
As females this age want so desperately to be accepted as being adult, forcing
them to be treated as an infant is quite powerful.  The Wizard, in conjunction
with a female of the guild can create such a scenario by speaking in code so
that the student does not understand a single spoken word, by forcing the
student to crawl as the only method of moving about, increasing the nursing,
disallowing self motivated discharge of both urine and fecal matter via some
diapering method, giving the student baby toys to play with and so on.  The
student is to be treated exactly as an infant.  While the arousal is not
immediately negated via the application of pain, the emotional impact of being
treated as an infant will manifest itself within 12 hours.

Once this stage has been reached, the Wizard and the guild aide should then over
stimulate the student by applying sensation so that the student can not help but
climax.  It is the point of this exercise to apply enough sensation so that the
student climaxes repeatedly, beyond comfort, beyond pleasure, beyond endurance. 
Note that this may require hundreds of climaxes on the part of the student and
even then, should be continued until the student loses consciousness from over
stimulation.

Next, the Wizard should expose his student to the copulation of farmyard
animals.  If arousal is noted (and it is in over 50% of females) the Wizard
should immediately create an animal environment for this student by spell or if
available, real animals.  This can be as simple as having a pair of randy hounds
and bitches in the stables (equine or canine will suffice).  Whether by spell or
by actual stable, it is essential that the student believe she is among some
animal and subject to their whims.  In the event of equine or canine animals in
real life, be sure that the student is anointed with the necessary scent to
invite the respective animals to attempt copulation with her and also force her
to nurse from lactating bitches or equines and live in their quarters, being
treated exactly as one would treat such animals.

For those not used to dealing with animals, please note the following regime for
the student.

The student shall live in the appropriate domicile.  For this example, let us
assume that equines are the choice as most have access to equines as they are
the preferred mode of transportation.  The student shall have a stall in the
barn, with a water bucket, wood shavings on the floor and other equines nearby,
specifically a male pony of some type.  The student should be made to nurse from
a female equine in the usual way and then sent to be bred by the male pony.  She
should sleep and eat in her stall, be subjected to the advances of the male pony
and made to nurse from the female equine until such time as she is able to
withstand stimulation from the acts of animals copulating.

Each subject of arousal should be dealt with in a like manner utilizing physical
correction or emotional correction or a combination of the two.  In very extreme
cases it has been necessary to subject the student to complete sensory
deprivation whilst certain corrections are administered.  This is not so rare as
one would imagine and the strongest female White Magic users are the ones that
have had to endure such extreme training to harness and control their energy.

By day 12 from the onset of menses, the student should be completely submissive
to the Wizard and ready for breeding.  The use of certain spells may greatly aid
this process, but the human touch has been proven most effective with a majority
of students.

The two days before the actual breeding, the student must be thoroughly cleansed
and cleaned.  She may still be nourished by the wet nurse but must also have
taken in seminal fluids from the Wizard in the intervening time.  It is
essential that the Wizard release his seminal fluid into the student's mouth
daily from the end of menses to the day before the breeding ritual.  Ingestion
of the Wizard's seminal fluids on a daily basis will strengthen the potency of
the Wizard's fluids as well as prepare the student for his seminal fluids for
procreative purposes.  It is advisable that the Wizard deposit his fluids deep
within the student's throat so that she may not taste his fluids.  Tasting of
his fluids may predispose the student to favor only his semen where it is
preferable that she not favor his semen for future breeding requirements.

Once the cleansing has been accomplished, it is necessary to begin making the
potion that the Unicorn will ingest from the very stomach of the student.  I
will here describe the making of the potion as it is one of the most
misunderstood aspects of the breeding ritual.

The student should be secured to the breeding board at this time, but instead of
being in a position to receive the Unicorn on her hands and knees, she must be
secured upon her back, with her legs spread widely and bent at the knee.  She
will remain secured upon the board until the breeding occurs in two days time. 
Tubes should be inserted to take care of waste matter.  Nursing should continue
so that she maintains her strength for the breeding. 

The Wizard should then stimulate his student so that the natural lubrication
produced by her vagina can be collected into an appropriate vessel.  This should
be of sufficient amount to please the Unicorn and so stimulation must occur
frequently and be of sufficient vigor to produce copious amounts of the
substance.  However, it is critical that the student not be allowed fruition at
this time.  This is where control over bodily functions is critical.  Any method
may be used to stop fruition from occurring.

Also at this time, a bleeding of both Wizard and student must occur so that the
Wizard can collect blood in sufficient amounts to mix with the lubrication to
create a pint of fluid.  To collect the blood from the student, it is necessary
to make small incisions into the flesh of each nipple, the prepuce of the
clitoris, and the blood produced by the full excision of the hymen.  Do not, at
this time, excise the labia minora!  That must only occur when the Unicorn is
present and has already drunk from the stomach of the student.

In the course of two days, sufficient fluids shall have been taken from the
student so that the Wizard need only add enough volume of his own blood to make
the total one pint.  The potion should be composed of 3/4 pint of the student's
fluids and 1/4 of the Wizard.  This potion should be held in a cool vessel until
it is ready to be introduced into the stomach of the student on the actual day
of breeding.

On the day of the breeding, allow the student to nurse until both breasts run
dry.  An hour after the feeding, cleanse the student completely, being sure to
use the tubes.  Scrub the body of the student with astringents, being sure to
apply it on the incisions used for the blood letting and on the delicate mucus
membranes of the vaginal and anal areas.

Before noon, insert the specially prepared bladder into the student's stomach by
a tube pressed into her mouth and down her throat into the stomach.  It is into
this special bladder that the fluid the Unicorn will drink is held in the
student's stomach without being digested.  Just before the noon hour, pour the
chilled potion of blood and lubrication into the tube so that the bladder set
inside the student's stomach will be filled with it.

Remove the throat tube from the student.

The Unicorn shall arrive at the noon hour.  He will inspect the student,
pressing his horn deep within her womb and discharging a powerful substance
there.  It is believed that the horn penetrates deeply into the actual womb, not
merely the birth canal as a normal coupling would.  It is believed that this
special substance is what confers the ability to practice the arcane arts to the
progeny generated in that breeding.  The cries of the student will most likely
be strident as the procedure is quite painful owing to the forces of arcane arts
involved.  The cries however serve to arouse the Unicorn and his own organ shall
grow to full erectness upon hearing them.  The Unicorn will then nuzzle or bite
the nipples of the student to bring them to arousal and then he shall move to
the head of the student, placing his erect organ into her mouth and pressing to
access her deeply, cutting off her air supply with the thickness of his organ as
it slides into her throat and into her stomach to absorb the contents there.  It
will appear that it is impossible for the Unicorn's organ to safely penetrate
the student's throat, but the innate magic of the creature makes it possible and
the second appendage that was once used to violate the cervix of the student
will now work itself into her stomach to withdraw the fluids in the previously
prepared bladder.

At this very point, the Wizard should place his own erect organ into the vaginal
opening of the student.  The pressure of the Unicorn's member constricting the
students throat will allow for a very tight convulsing movement of the vaginal
muscles that will bring fruition to the Wizard quite quickly no matter the usual
amount of time it takes to reach fruition.  The Wizard will find that his
fruition is much more powerful and copious than it has ever been, owing to the
substance deposited within the student's womb by the horn of the Unicorn.

When the organ of the Unicorn has drained the fluids prepared in the bladder
inside the student's stomach, he will expect his offering.  He will withdraw his
organ from the student's mouth and move to stand near her splayed legs.  It is
at this time that the Wizard should step aside and offer to the Unicorn the
labia minora.  The horn of the Unicorn is such that it can be quite sharp enough
to excise the delicate tissue if the Wizard holds the labia with his fingers so
that the horn can cleave it from the vulva.

Some Unicorns will also insist on circumcising the prepuce of the clitoris at
this time.  Again, the Wizard should hold the flesh with his fingers so that the
Unicorn can use it's horn to make the excisions.  The Unicorn will then
carefully lick the blood from the student's vulva and the incisions will quickly
close and begin healing magically.

Once the Unicorn has finished cleaning the vulva of the student with his tongue,
he will stay to assist in the branding of the student.

Each student shall be branded at each breeding so that an exact and permanent
record is kept of all breedings for the purpose of identification and study of
lineage in the future.

The branding iron of course should have been prepared in advance with the symbol
of the Wizard who is breeding the student.  A symbol is also created at this
time for the student and incorporated with the symbol of the Wizard.  Also, the
number of the breeding is included so that the finished brand will include the
symbol for the Wizard, the symbol for the student and the number that represents
the breeding - for example a 1 for the first breeding, a 2 for the second and so
on.  Other symbols may be added so long as those three components are included. 
The brand should be of sufficient size so that the brand can always be easily
read, but not so large as to cover the entire mons pubis or labia majora as it
is expected that the student will be bred at least 6 times.  The first branding
should be placed directly on the mound, above the clitoris though it is also
permissible to place the first brand on the perineum if it of sufficient size to
accommodate such a brand.

It is advised that the branding iron be heated by the arcane arts as the
temperature for proper branding can be more easily controlled with a spell than
with actual fire. It is also easier to invoke at such a time.

The Unicorn may indicate with his horn where he wants the brand to be placed. 
If so, then the Wizard should comply once the Unicorn has inserted his horn into
the student's mouth.  The insertion of the horn into the student's mouth is
little understood, but a part of every breeding.  It is suggested that this
immobilizes the student so that the brand is clean and clearly applied.  It is
clear that despite the pain of being branded, the student does not flinch at all
when it is done when the Unicorn horn is deeply implanted in her mouth and
throat.

The breeding is now complete and the Unicorn and student will be forever bonded. 
The Unicorn will return at regular intervals to copulate with the student until
it is time for the birth.  The Unicorn will be present at the birthing and that
will be addressed later in this treatise.

Once the Unicorn has finished, it is time to release the student from the
breeding board.  She should be allowed ample rest and as much breast milk as she
can take in.  At this time, the Wizard may allow her seminal fluid on a daily
basis as well as other tidbits of food.

During the incubation time, the student shall not practice the arcane arts
though must still study the spells and makings of potions.  She must still be
made to practice intense self control and the regime of testing for arousal,
control of emotions and such must continue and in fact, be more aggressively
pursued at this time.  Females are quite subject to the influences of the female
essences during pregnancy and so must work twice as hard to control themselves.

A pattern should be established early on to build discipline during this time. 
Each morning, the student should nurse, eat what is provided by the choice of
the Wizard and then bathed.  She must then be set upon her studies, in some
unusual and constricting position.  There are a wide choice of these, but they
all should take some effort to maintain and she must recite her studies while
maintaining them, and must disregard any distractions the Wizard happens to
apply to her as discussed earlier in this work.  Such work should not be
stopped, and should in fact be doubled.

In the first month, the student will be unlikely to notice the changes her body
is undergoing to sustain and nourish the growing life within.  The student may
exhibit some tenderness in the breasts and fatigue.  The wet nurse should be
able to provide some comfort and the student shall be expected to maintain her
studies, positions and control at all times despite any discomfort.  At this
time the Wizard will notice an increased arousal factor and should correct any
unbidden arousal.

By the second month of incubation, fatigue, breast tenderness and increased
lubrication of the vaginal area are quite evident.

At this time, the wet nurse should be preparing the student for eventual
childbirth and nursing.  This should be carefully supervised by the Wizard so
that the student can be corrected immediately for any signs of arousal.  Arousal
is the single most persistent problem throughout incubation and must be
constantly monitored and corrected.

The wet nurse should be inserting her own hand into the vaginal cavity of the
student to exercise the muscles and stretch them to accommodate the baby's head
moving through the birth canal.  This exercise should be done at least twice a
day and by the end of the incubation period, the wet nurse should be able to get
both of her hands inside the student's vaginal cavity.  It is also wise for the
Wizard to try his hand at this as his hand is likely larger and so the exercise
is of more value to the student.  Many Wizards opt to do these exercises
exclusively, believing the wet nurses hands to be too small and too gentle for
the task of fully exercising these muscles.

In addition to the vaginal exercises, the nipples of the student must be
prepared for proper nursing.  It is critical that they be massaged constantly,
to build up their strength and to be stretched to appropriate size for nursing. 
To prepare the nipples for nursing, the following regimen should be followed
several times a day depending on the size of the nipples of the student.

Lightly abrade the nipples with a brush or rough cloth.  Pinch the nipple behind
the aureole and apply a squeezing motion for 5 minutes, much the same motion as
is required for milking a cow, though of course, a human nipple is much smaller. 
The nipple can also be pulled outward and squeezed, pinched and rolled between
the fingers.  The wet nurse can also provide these exercises or the student may
do them herself so long as her state of arousal is dealt with.  Stimulation of
the nipples, despite what training she may have already received invariably
leads to arousal and should be dealt with in a strict manner.

It is likely that during the 5th month of incubation, small amounts of milk will
leak from the breasts.  It is at this time that the Unicorn will bring with him
his own progeny to nurse from the student thus alleviating the need for Wizard
or wet nurse to stimulate the student's nipples.  The baby Unicorn will happily
nurse several times a day, often while the Unicorn mounts the student.  The
Unicorn should have been coming every other day to couple with the student in
any event, but it is the appearance of the milk that brings the baby unicorn to
nurse from the student.

The baby unicorn is quite adept at this and will stimulate milk production to a
great degree. The Wizard will notice an amazing increase in the size of this
student's breasts and on the days that the baby unicorn does not come to nurse,
must relieve the pressure by milking his student.  The milk can be drunk or
preferably made into cheese as it is highly prized among those working the
arcane arts.

As has been said, arousal is the single most problem of the incubation period. 
The Wizard may be quite surprised that his usual remedies do little to deter his
student and so may need to resort to more extreme measures.

It will seem to the Wizard that his entire life these past months have been
devoted only to preparing his student for birth, feeding her his seminal fluids
and correcting her for unbidden states of arousal. It is a difficult time
indeed.

But let me remind you, gentle reader, that the more trouble a Wizard has with
arousal, the higher the potential for greater wielding of the arcane powers of
the student.  It remains the focus of the Wizard to personally harness these
powers and yes, even to encourage them so long as he retains full control over
them.

It will be necessary for the Wizard to apply all his energy to this task, most
especially during the time of incubation.  While it is tempting to destroy the
source of the arousal by severing the nerve that supplies sensation to the
clitoris, thereby making arousal impossible that would destroy the student's
ability to wield arcane powers at all.

Instead, the making of a Ring of Arousal Control should be the choice though it
is a difficult choice for the Wizard and student alike.  The creation of such a
ring is an arduous and potentially dangerous task and will require the
assistance of the student's Unicorn.

If this is to be attempted, it must be done before the 7th month of incubation
and the Unicorn will have to agree and assist in the process.  The making of
this ring will require one full week and should begin on the day the Unicorn
normally arrives for coupling and nursing of his progeny.  The Wizard should
then ask if the Unicorn wishes to have the Ring of Arousal Control applied to
the student.  Very rarely will a Unicorn deny such a request.

On day one of the process, the student should be allowed to nurse and then
bathed and cleansed, utilizing the tubes as it must be a thorough cleansing. 
The student shall then be secured to the breeding table.  For the first phase of
the preparation of making the ring, the student shall be secured on all fours. 
The Unicorn shall then let his progeny nurse from the student until both breasts
are emptied of milk.  The student shall then be blindfolded, her ears blocked so
that she can not hear and repositioned upon her back, spread wide so that
Unicorn and Wizard can easily access all her arousal centers.

The Unicorn possesses such power in his horn that he is able to both arouse the
student against all conditioning and then collect the resulting lubrication,
storing it in his horn until such time as the Wizard has need of it for forging
the ring.  The student will enter a trance like state when the Unicorn forces
his horn deeply down her throat and she will remain in that trance for the
entire process, even after the Unicorn has removed his horn from her throat. 
The Unicorn will then move to insert his horn into her vaginal opening, again,
it's innate magical properties making this safe for both student and baby.  It
is assumed that the horn resonates with some vibration that stirs the arousal
centers causing the vagina to produce copious amounts of natural lubrication.

While the Unicorn is arousing the student and collecting the lubrication, the
Wizard shall be forging 4 tubes of varying diameters of the special substance
known as Melthon.  This substance is both flexible, yet harder than steel and
able to conduct arcane energies as well as discharge them.  The first tube
should be of sufficient girth to stretch open the throat to nearly the point of
cutting off the supply of air to the student.  The second should be of
sufficient girth to spread the vagina open widely, as widely as it will be
spread for the birth which is approximately 5 inches in diameter.  The third
should be of sufficient girth and length to penetrate both the outer and inner
sphincters of the rectum with a flared base so that the tube may not be expelled
by the student even under extreme circumstances.  The fourth tube should be
quite narrow so that it may fit into the urinary opening and should also have an
inflatable tip that will secure the tube into the urinary tract so that it can
not be expelled.  These tubes will serve as the means to transfer the primal
energy of the student's aroused state that will then be discharged into the Ring
of Arousal Control to be forged by the Wizard.

In addition to the four tubes, two rings with adjustable nipple shields shall
also be made of the Melthon.  The nipples shall then be pierced with a wide
needle and the rings inserted.  Once inserted, the shields shall be adjusted so
as to stretch the nipple upwards, increasing their length from the half inch
they normally are to one inch by the end of the week. This is a painful process
though it does result in sufficiently large nipples later on if the exercise is
continued.  In the trancelike state the student can feel the pain, but can not
react to it.

For 7 days and 7 nights, the Unicorn and Wizard must arouse the student without
allowing fruition so that the forged tubes can collect the energy of the arousal
to be used in the ring when the final spell is cast.  The tubes, once forged,
must be enspelled so that arousal will be met with a violent discharge of energy
that is designed to prevent the student from even wishing for arousal. 
Ultimately, the properties of the tubes and the energy transference they are
capable of will be transferred to the much easier to wield ring.  While the
tubes could be left in place to do the job of stifling arousal, they would be
most uncomfortable and interfere with daily activities.

During these 7 days and 7 nights, the Wizard and the Unicorn will take turns
stimulating the student by touch, by magic, by copulation, by releasing seminal
fluids into all her mouth and vagina and by applying vibrations to the tubes and
rings.  The young unicorn shall nurse as he pleases from the student and the
Wizard shall work the nipple rings so that the unicorn can nurse properly.  This
nursing is arousing to the student as well.

The horn of the Unicorn is tireless and collects the fluids while keeping the
student in a trance.  She will forever remember the pain of the intrusions, the
shocks of arcane energy and the piercing of her flesh to accommodate the rings
but is unable to physically react to it, underscoring her complete sense of
helplessness.  She can not resist in any way to any of the ministrations.

Upon the 7th day, the forging of the ring shall begin.  It will be completed at
midnight. 

The Wizard must remove the tubes from the student's openings. These tubes must
then be melted down by use of the appropriate spell which will also require that
the collected blood and lubrication be added to the process.  The blood must be
collected at the time of the forging, it can not be collected before.  Incisions
should be made around the nipple but not on the nipple, on the tip of the
clitoris, and on the walls of the vaginal opening.  These should ensure a good
flow of blood while also carrying along as much of the feminine essences as is
needed for the forging of the ring.  Lastly the vaginal walls should be spread
and a small incision made on the surface of the cervix.  Once sufficient blood
has been collected, the Unicorn will carefully lick and nuzzle the wounds to
close them.  The Wizard can now begin forging of the ring.

The casting of the spell (see appendix) while the tubes, blood and lubrication
are melting will transform and blend all the energies and essences to form one
small bit of metal imbued with all the properties of the tubes and the essences
of arousal from the student.  The casting will take several hours to perform and
the student must be kept in a state of constant arousal during the entire time
while not achieving fruition.  Her energy is directly transferred to the casting
process by the arcane forces the Wizard is wielding.

Once the casting is complete and the ring forged, the most difficult step of the
process is at hand.  The student must be brought as close to fruition as
possible and held in that state long enough for the Unicorn to place his horn at
the base of the student's clitoris with the intention of using his horn to
pierce through the sensitive bud at exactly the moment the student is allowed
release and fruition.  The Unicorn must pierce the clitoris at that exact moment
so the ring can be placed.

The Wizard should be warned that this is an extremely delicate process and will
be accompanied by powerful discharges of arcane energy as the forged ring
connects directly with the flesh of the student, accessing the raw energy of the
high level of arousal and ultimate fruition.

At the same moment that the Unicorn will pierce the base of the clitoris with
his horn, the Wizard must plunge his own organ deep into the student's mouth and
release his seminal fluid into her throat.  If the casting and arousal have gone
smoothly, these events will happen simultaneously and nearly spontaneously once
everyone is in place.  If it should fail at this juncture, the entire procedure
will have to be repeated from the beginning.

Once the Unicorn has pierced the clitoris with his horn and the Wizard has
discharged his seminal fluid into the student's throat, the ring should be
applied to the fresh piercing and magically sealed.  Once it has been sealed,
the Unicorn will gently lick the wound, causing it to heal.

The ring will now control the arousal states of the student. It is attuned
exactly to the patterns of her own body and will discharge painful jolts of
arcane energy if she should, of her own volition, become aroused.

Owing to the long and arduous nature of creating the Ring of Arousal Control it
would be wise to rest for several days before attempting any other action. 
Allow the student to rise and drink fully from the wet nurse before sending her
off to rest.  The Unicorn and his progeny shall return to their regular schedule
of copulation and nursing with the student.

As the birthing time nears, the Unicorn will begin to come every day for
copulation and nursing of the student.  Unicorns seem especially fond of women
in their final phase of pregnancy and are known to be quite affectionate and
gentle with them while actually being somewhat more aggressive sexually,
mounting the student hard and fast and taking much longer to reach fruition.

Often the coupling takes so long that the young unicorn will often nurse from
the student while she is being taken by the Unicorn.

This is a time when the Wizard should rest all he can in preparation for the
birthing process.  If a Ring of Arousal Control has been applied, the Wizard can 
relax with the knowledge that arousal is finally under control and he can turn
his mind to other endeavors.  If the Ring of Arousal Control has not been used,
the Wizard will find that the increased coupling with the Unicorn has reduced
the amount of unbidden arousal, though we must still remain vigilant and
instantly correct sharply any lapses by the student.

As the time nears for birth, the student will be unlikely to correctly cast any
cantrips whatsover.  At this point, resting is important for the student as well
as the Wizard.  The birth process can be as long as 36 hours and the Wizard has
a large part to play in the process as does the Unicorn.

On the day when labor begins, the student should be restrained into the birthing
chair in a slightly reclined position but so that she is squatting, supported by
the chair.  The chair should be such that it can be moved and inclined to allow
access to the student's mouth, vaginal area as well as her anal area.  In the
early stages of labor, it is helpful for the Wizard to sharply plunge his erect
organ into her mouth as this will help to open up the vaginal area to allow
passage of the infant.  It is known among midwives that a relaxed and open mouth
helps to relax and open the vaginal cavity.  It is important that the Wizard
withhold his own fruition until the infant actually crowns which could be a long
time.

The Unicorn shall arrive with his progeny at the stage where the cervix begins
to open.  The Wizard need not do anything special to summon the Unicorn, it will
simply arrive at that time.  When the Unicorn arrives, it will want to copulate
with the student and so she must be released from the birthing chair to
facilitate this.  This will be an aggressive coupling, but fear not, no harm
will be done to mother or child.  While the Unicorn may spend over an hour
copulating with the student, the young unicorn will nurse contentedly from the
student.

This aggressive coupling generally induces the last stage of labor and when the
Unicorn has released his seminal fluids deeply into the now opened cervix, he
will withdraw so that the student can resume her place in the birthing chair for
the final stages of labor.

The contractions will be much more vigorous than a regular birthing and the
student's state of arousal will become quite high at this point.  As this is
permissible, the ring will not hinder her arousal state and will in fact augment
her state of arousal.  It is best to allow the birthing student as many
instances of fruition as her body can stand during the active part of labor. 
This makes for quite vigorous progeny.

The Wizard should continue to plunge his erect organ into the student's mouth,
forcing it deeply down her throat. She will be quite excited and will likely beg
for him to remain inside her mouth and the Wizard is free to do as he wishes in
this regard so long as he does not release until the head of the infant appears
in the vaginal opening.

The Unicorn may also plunge his horn or his organ into the student's mouth and
should be allowed to do so at will.  It is important for a birthing student to
feel the closeness of her partners through the entire birthing process and the
stimulation will assist her in achieving fruition again and again, making for an
expedient birth and strong infant.  Stimulation of her sexual centers should
result in numerous climaxes.

As the student climaxes, it is wise to keep track of the descent of the infant
into the birth canal.  This can move very quickly in properly aroused students. 

If progress seems too slow at this stage, more stimulation should be applied to
the student's nipples and clitoris so that she is able to climax and get things
moving. 

In some cases, the baby is turned in the wrong way, not as in a breech birth,
but simply stuck around the pelvic bones.  The best remedy for this situation is
to have the student get on all fours and have the Wizard aggressively penetrate
her mouth with his erect organ while the Unicorn insert his erect organ into her
anal opening as a way to push the infant around to the correct position.  This
may take some time and is tiring and quite painful for the student, but
obviously necessary to assist the birth process.  While this is taking place, it
is also helpful for either wet nurse to stimulate the nipples or to allow the
young unicorn to nurse as this will stimulate more contractions.

Once the baby is in the correct position, the student should be returned to the
birthing chair as the Unicorn will want to take charge of breaking the waters as
the baby begins to emerge from the birth canal.  The Wizard should now take his
place so that he can release deeply into the throat of his student as the baby
emerges from the birth canal.

It is likely that the baby will emerge as soon as the Wizard once more
penetrates the throat of his student as that creates powerful vaginal
contractions.  As this happens, it is also likely that the student will
experience a most powerful climax just as the bag of waters is pierced by the
horn of the Unicorn.  These events almost always occur simultaneously creating
colorful curtains of chaotic arcane forces that are harmless if very showy.

The baby should be immediately placed upon the breast of the student and the
cord should not be cut until it has stopped pulsing.  Once that occurs, the
Unicorn will sever the cord with his horn and await the expulsion of the
afterbirth.  This may take some time and the Unicorn may in fact nuzzle the
vaginal area and gently lick it to arouse the student enough to climax once
more, usually expelling the afterbirth with the force of the climax.

Both Unicorn and young unicorn will likely lick up any of the birth water or
blood that is seeping from the vagina, and will continue to drink up these
fluids once the afterbirth is expelled.  The afterbirth will be examined by the
Unicorn though it is not known what information they gather from this and it
should then be examined by the Wizard and wet nurse to ensure that it is healthy
and complete.  It is an essential ingredient for many higher levels spells and
must be properly preserved.  Once the student has been thoroughly cleaned of
blood and her baby begins suckling the Unicorn will take its leave and return in
one week's time.  The schedule of coupling and nursing of the young unicorn will
continue at that time.

The student should be allowed to rest and should be encouraged to drink deeply
from the wet nurse as well as be allowed some other sustenance as determined by
the Wizard.

The next three months should be a time of peace and rest.  While the student
must still control her urges, practice her spells, and her potions it is
generally a quiet time as the baby takes up much of the time and energy with
nursing.  As the student regains her strength, her studies should become
increasingly more difficult and demanding of her time and energy.  At this time,
the Wizard should also seek a new student.  Having one trained and bred student
to assist will make training of another student much easier than the first, lone
student. 

The Wizard may notice a new level of serenity and maturity in his student once
the baby has been born and he will note that studies appear to go more easily. 
This is a consequence of the breeding process and the expenditure of vast
amounts of energy at that time.  This is an ideal time to focus on the arousal
training, and for training the student to disregard distractions of pain when
spell casting.

By the time the infant is 1 year old the student should be able to cast both 1st
and 2nd order spells even while having needles pierce her flesh, red hot probes
applied to sensitive body parts, blades cutting the skin, extreme arousal, or
even the shock of the Ring of Arousal Control.  She should also have some
responsibility for correcting the new student and should share nursing of the
new student with the wet nurse while still nursing her own child.  This is a
time of great progress and nearly exponential learning and mastery of the arcane
arts by the student.  The Wizard will find her tractable and quite eager to
please and learn.  She will happily remain still and focused on her recitations
no matter what is going on around her, whether she is kneeling on a bed of
gravel with stinging phalluses filling her orifices or being suspended upside
down with a whip made of nettles stinging the tender flesh of her nether
regions.  Her obedience and submission should be complete.

At this time, depending on the progress of the newer student, the first student
should be considered for another breeding.  The process is the same for each
successive breeding and it is recommended that the Wizard again impregnate his
student before allowing others to breed her.  However, this is left entirely up
to the Wizard.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wingate


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





