BDSM Library - The Breaking of Batwoman




The Breaking of Batwoman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Batwoman is back.  And the Joker is going to teach her one final lesson.
The Breaking of the Batwoman.




Joker prodded "Batwoman" with the cattle prod.  It was set at 30,000 volts, so
he just touched one nipple with it.  It roused her back to consciousness with a
blood curdling scream.  All at once the memories came flooding back to her.  So
much for the "loner."  So much for the rejected partnerships of the other Gotham
City crimefighters.  She preferred to call them "vigilantes", as though she were
somehow superior to them.  That was pretty interesting coming from an individual
who was not the original Batwoman.  Joker, had of course, taken care of Barbara
Gordon with a well-placed bullet to the spine.  This was the replacement
Batwoman.

It had been a perfect trap.  A young, innocent damsel in distress.  Batwoman
learned later that the damsel was actually another of Jokers' hired goons.  But
the woman had played the part to the hilt, almost too perfectly.

Batwoman was unprepared for the dynamic duo that had set upon her, seemingly out
of nowhere.  They were bigger, stronger, powerfully built and almost superhuman
in their agility and stamina.  But, all that paled when laid beside their
skills.  An eclectic mix of martial arts and acrobatics.  And they were dressed
in body armor, making them almost impervious to hand-to-hand tactics.

They had pressed mercilessly as Batwoman struggled to counter their attacks. 
Batwoman ducked an attack from a flying top hat and that was all the opening
that the two women had needed.  The blows landed like pile drivers: feet, fists,
elbows, and knees.  It was all so fast.  The world turned to black all around
the dark knight detective as she was subdued by the two superwomen. 

When she awoke, she was strapped in an elevated harness, hanging above the
floor.  Totally naked, save for her cowl, Batwoman witnessed grim visage of the
Clown Prince of Crime: The Joker!  Flanking Joker on either side were the two
superwomen.  He identified them as "Bambi" and "Thumper."  And at the Grim
Jester's feet was a little dwarf, impossibly muscular, even through his suit,
with a tuxedo and top hat.  The Joker identified him as Major Domo.  Behind them
was the mountain of a man called "Sweet Tooth."

"You're a hard woman to pin down."  Joker began.  "Unfortunately, for you, you
do-gooders are all so predictable.  It wasn't hard to lure you into my trap!  He
stated and laughed an evil laugh.  Then he extended a hand behind him and called
out.

"Oh, Girl!"

On cue, the young blonde woman Batwoman had attempted to rescue stepped forward,
taking Joker's gloved hand.  She was, however, dressed in a skin-tight bodysuit
and harness that resembled a horse.  From her head and rear end, there was a
flowing golden mane and long tail.  And she wore shoes on her feet that looked
like the golden hooves of a horse.  The girl bowed her head obediently, looking
at Batwoman with disdain, but not making eye contact with the Joker.

"Yes, Master."  She stated submissively.

Joker slapped her across her face, eliciting a scream of pain and fear as her
knees buckled and she fell to the floor from the force of the blow.  She cringed
and held her hand against her mouth, as she sobbed: tears rolling down her
cheeks.  The girl still did not dare make eye contact with the Evil Jokester,
who stared at her with wide-eyed murder in his eyes.

"I am not you Master!"  He bellowed.  "He is your Master!"  Joker pointed to the
little dwarf, Domo.

Domo stepped forward and delivered a vicious kick to the girl's posterior,
sending her down to the floor.  Then he grabbed her by the mane and dragged her
off.  He pulled out a riding crop and began to beat her with it, the snapping
sounds and her own pleas receding as they left for parts unknown.

"You sick bastard!"  Batwoman spat at Joker.  "Let her go!"

Joker turned his attention back to the cowled woman.  He looked down at he pubic
area, which was well exposed, as she was pulled open for easy access from the
restraints: upright, in an "x" pattern and suspended off the floor in the
elaborate system.

"Hmmm."  Joker continued.  "You are a natural redhead, aren't you.  And all this
time I thought it was a wig!"  He smiled, looking up from her pubis.

"You need to learn to hold your tongue---Bitch.  But for the grace of Me, you'd
be a bloody, used hole right now!"

"Go to Hell!"  Batwoman retorted bravely.

Joker thumbed the switch on the cattle prod.  He touched it against her outer
labia.  Batwoman wailed and her teeth clenched involuntarily, as the voltage
shot through her body.

Joker smiled widely.  His henchmen did the same, admiring the Boss at work.

"Y-you'll have to kill me."  Batwoman weakly emoted, trying to gain motor
control over her face again.

"Such brave talk.  A crimefighter to the very end.  How much of this do you
think you're scrawny little ass can take girlfriend?  What are you, all of five
feet tall and ninety-five pounds?  I got news for you---a lot less that you
think!  Do you have any idea how many little cunts like you I've broken?! 
Batwoman!?"  Joker related and then spit on the floor at her feet.

"Phaah!  Fuck with the best and die like the rest!"  he admonished.  "You
fucking little cunt!"

"I break people for sport!  You're no different.  Kill you?  Oh now come, come,
Batwoman.  What would be the sport in that?  You'd like that, wouldn't you?  It
would save you from the humiliation.  The humiliation of being captured and
broken by me!" 

"You'll never break me---Clown."  Batwoman fired back. 

"Tsk, tsk.  Even now you're trying to bait me into killing you.  Honey, I may be
crazy, but I'm not stupid!  But I'll make you a deal.  Tell me you're my Bitch
and I'll let you go!  Say it!  Say 'I'm you Bitch, Joker!  I submit to you
Joker!"  The Evil Clown spoke.

"Like I said, go to Hell."  Batwoman retorted.  "Let me go, Joker.  You already
have enough blood on your hands,  Enough to send you to the electric chair.  You
must know that."  Batwoman weakly explained.

Joker hit her with the cattle pod again.  This time he let it linger for a few
seconds longer.  It had the desired effect, as he watched her body shake and
convulse.  Batwoman was not so quick to recover this time, and Joker slapped her
to get her back to full consciousness.

"You're a very bad little slave."  He stated as he snapped his fingers.  Two
more slave girls appeared at his side.  They were garbed in what appeared to be
leather straps, but their breasts and pussies were bare.  Joker pointed at a mat
on the floor and the women laid on it and began to kiss and fondle each other. 
Their passions were animalistic, as though they had been two starving beasts. 
Batwoman turned her head in disgust, as the women began to play with each others
breasts and probe between each others legs.  They unashamedly frolicked on the
mat for all to see, acting like they were the only two people in the room, as
they spread themselves open for the other to easily access their genitals.

As Batwoman turned her head a large flat screen TV started up on the wall she
looked at.  It displayed women engaged in steaming hot lesbian sex, like the two
women in front of her, who had moved into a sixty-nine position and voraciously
ate each others dripping quims with wild-eyed passion.  They caressed their own
breasts and pinched their own nipples as their ecstasy heightened, faces slick
with one another's body wine.

Batwoman turned her head to the other side, but there was another TV displaying
woman on woman sex scenes, featuring all manner of sex toy and device on that
wall too.

She closed her eyes so that her senses would not be assaulted by the debauchery. 
Her mind was flooded with the visions of what she had seen.

"Awww..."  Joker began, as the two women began to climax together on the floor. 
"...s'matter Batwoman-Binkie?  Not into women?!"  He laughed.  "Well they're
certainly into you!"  Joker related and snapped his fingers again.  The two
women were writhing on each other's faces covered with their cunt juices,
dripping down their chins as they eyed the naked and open Batwoman with heated
lust.  They attacked her in unison.  One woman grabbed her ample breasts and
began to lick the areolas and nipples, licking her tongue over them, swallowing
as much of her breast in her mouth as she could.  She sucked hard and eagerly,
as Batwoman protested venomously.

The other woman was at the Batwoman's pussy in earnest!  She licked at her outer
labia and pulled her folds apart, caressing in between them with her fingers. 
She found the shroud of her clitoris and pulled it back, revealing batwoman's
pink nub.  She sucked it into her mouth, sucking and licking it as Batwoman's
head thrashed back and forth.  Batwoman cursed the two women as her body began
to respond to their ministrations.

The woman at her breasts switched to sucking the other tit and squeezing the
previously sucked breast, as Batwoman's nipples became hard and extended.  The
woman at her pussy pushed her fingers up into her ever-dampening cunny hole.  As
she did so, she used her thumb to flick Batwoman's clitoris.  Batwoman screamed
her denial as her body shook from her first orgasm.  That having been
accomplished, the woman who had originally been at Batwoman's pussy roughly
wiped Batwoman's own pussy juices off her fingers onto Batwoman's pretty, pouty
mouth and under her nose, so she could smell her own smeg.

The women became very vocal, as they attacked the crimefightress anew.

"Take it bitch!"  "Give it, slut!"  "C'mon Batwhore!  You know what you want. 
You know what you like!"

"I'm gonna ram my whole fit up in you!"  "Fist, Batbitch!"  "Fuck you're hole,
Batslut!"

"Give it!  Give it!"  "Yeah!  That's it!  That's it, cunt!"  "Give it to me
Bitch!"

"Take it, Bitch!  "Take it!"  "Yeah!  Ready for the thumb-trick?!"  "Here it
comes!"

"Feel that Bat Ho?!"  "Feel my hand?!"

Batwoman was writhing and screaming as the second woman inserted her entire hand
into her all-too-small vagina.  The first woman got behind her and began to get
to work on her defenseless asshole.  She licked and sucked at it, reaching
between her own legs and Batwoman's ass with her own pussy juices, before
inserting a finger inside and then another, followed by a third, as she
continued to lick.

Joker and the others watched as the woman violated both Batwoman's fuck holes
simultaneously.  Batwoman's cries had turned to whimpers and low moans as the
woman fucked in and out of her pussy and asshole in rhythm: one plunging in as
the other pulled back and repeated over and over.  Batwoman's body involuntarily
responded, racking her with a second orgasm, much more intense than the first.

Joker stepped forward, taking Batwoman's face in one gloved hand.

"Don't like girls, huh?  Like to take, but you're too fuckin' stuck-up to give! 
Bitch!"

All at once, he took a needle and injected a purplich solution into her arm.  As
she was tied up, it was not hard to find a vein.

"What the hell did you give me!?"  Batwoman found the strength to protest,
looking hatefully at the Joker.

Joker just laughed and stepped back.  It wasn't long before the effects of the
hallucinogenic drug began to send Batwoman on an incredible high.  It was laced
with elements of crystal meth and several other chemicals concocted by the
Joker.  Though Batwoman had no common frame of reference, it was twenty times
more intense than any acid trip.  The universe itself seemed to explode around
her, taking her to the highest high she had ever imagined.  Booze had never even
come close.  She was lost in it, unable to keep from being swept under by the
tide.

Uncounted hours later Batwoman awoke, begging for another hit of the drug that
she wanted back in her system so desperately.  Joker refused the now-addicted
crimefighter.  He watched as her body went through withdrawal, shaking and
sweating as she screamed in agony.  Her entire body felt like it was covered in
hot coals.  Joker teased her maliciously.  At one point, she released her
bladder and bowels right on the floor underneath her, straining at her bonds
with a force that threatened to snap her wrists and arms right off.  Only then,
and only after he made Batwoman degrade herself openly and loudly, did he
administer another "hit" of the drug.

When next she awoke, Batwoman received nourishment to keep her strength up.  She
was collared, but aside from that, allowed to walk around.  She begged, however,
for more of the drug.  Major Domo strapped her to a table.  He pierced each
nipple and her clitoris without any anesthesia, local or otherwise, placing
metal bars through the openings.  In exchange for more of the drug, Domo ordered
Batwoman to stick out her tongue, which he also pierced, placing a metal stud
through it.  Then he hooked, thin but strong metal cables through the bars in he
nipples and clitoris.  The elaborate system included special earrings, which
were also chained to the others.

Domo made her stand, as she tripped on the drug, as he tattooed a small joker
playing card, complete with green hair, on her right buttock.  She was the
Joker's property now!

While she was still high, Domo forced her on her knees and stuck his huge dick
in her mouth.  He relieved his bladder, pissing in her mouth and on her neck and
chest.  More of the Joker's gang did the same, some pissing on her face and in
her eyes.  Batwoman was aware of it, but unable to protest.

After that she was locked in a cage in one of the dungeons.  Chained, she was
given dog food with human piss mixed in it.  Needing nourishment, having the
munchies and craving another fix, Batwoman ate it down fervently, much to the
delight of the rest of Joker's gang.

In the morning, or what passed for it, she was used as a human toilet by Joker's
Gang and various other male and female slaves.  She was so full at one point
that Batwoman bent over and regurgitated all the piss and dog food on the
ground.  Joker made her lick it all back up.

Another hit of the drug and Batwoman was willingly led to another chamber where
lesbian sex movies played and several women slaves sexually assaulted her, three
and fourt at a time.  As they finished, leaving her lying on the floor, the male
slaves stood over the caped crusader and jerked their cocks off until they shot
their loads all over her naked body.  They made her say "I love Stallion Sauce"
repeatedly as they did so, shooting their salty loads all over her body, face,
breasts and so on.

They let her come down off her high, after being raped and fisted and cum on. 
Then they put new rings in Batwoman's nipples and clitoris, hooking them into
her collar and guide leash.  They exercised her, making her prance like a prize
pony, and putting a harness on her.  Her ass and thighs were lashed with a
riding crop as she worked.  If she did not perform a trick to their
satisfaction, they would pull on the chain for her nipples or clitoris.  She
quickly learned to perform her tricks right the first time.

In the evening, she was strapped in the trapeze-like harness again.  This time
the male slaves, or "stallion boys", as they were referred to, were given free
access to her holes. 

Some twenty or more males took turns fucking her pussy and asshole and filling
them full of their man seed.  Cum dripped out of both holes, down Batwoman's
legs and pooled on the floor, as many went back to her well-opened and well used
orifices for seconds and even thirds, as many hadn't been with a woman for many
months and were extremely horny. 

They fucked her like hungry dogs, as many had had pent up loads.  It was not
uncommon to see two stallion boys, on in front of Batwoman and one behind her,
filling both holes simultaneously as they fucked her with their engorged cocks. 
They were each oblivious to the other, and only interested in satisfying their
lust through Batwoman's holes.  As one would shoot off and fall away, another
would take his place, fucking Batwoman hard and deep, seeking sweet release
inside her womanhood.

After they were all done, Domo appeared with an impossibly large phallus.  It
was black leather and covered with "ticklers."  The monster cock was more than a
foot long and nearly half that around.  The evil gnome fucked Batwoman viciously
with his own monster schlong for over an hour.  Following that he shoved his
massive member up her asshole as Bambi and Thumper took the phallus and rammed
it up inside her used vagina.

Batwoman begged for mercy as Domo's meat and the phallus nearly split her in
two.  After another hour of this, she finally passed out.  Bambi and Thumper
continued their onslaught for an hour more, then let the phallus slide out of
her pussy and fall on the floor with a heavy thud.  Domo fucked her asshole, his
baseball sized testicles slapping against Batwomans' ass and pussy for yet an
hour more, holding on to her limp body.  Then he pulled out and, with cannon
like bursts, spent himself all over Batwoman's back and ass.  He spurted for
almost two minutes, covering Batwoman's flanks with jets of thick, gooey spunk. 
When he finished, he took his still-hard dick and slapped Batwoman's ass with
it.

"Not so smart-mouthed now, are ya Bitch!?"

For the evening, it was The Joker's turn to administer electro shocks.  He did
so on a bearskin rug, while cuddled up next to a scantily-clad Bambi and
Thumper, who watched with glee as Joker verbally humiliated the ace
crimefighter.

By that time, Batwoman was begging for another hit of the drug.  Joker decided
she should fight for it.  So Batwoman squared off against Bambi and Thumper. 
She fought lie a wild animal, which only increased the sport of it for the two
combatants.  But, in her weakened condition, she was no match for the twins, who
beat her senseless.  They carried her out to her cage and left her there for the
evening to sleep it off.

In the morning Batwoman played human toilet again and was exercised in the yard
as a pony-girl.  This time she got a special reward from Bambi and Thumper for
being especially good.  They made Batwoman kneel between them, each in turn. 
Ordering her to open her mouth, they both shit long, hot, steaming loads onto
her tongue and made Batwoman chew it up and swallow it all.

After rinsing her off in the yard with a firehose, the almost-frantic Batwoman
finally received another hit of the drug.  She was in heaven once more.

To test her obedience, she was once again put in with the female slaves. 
Batwoman was told to make love to a particularly vivacious blonde slave or that
her drug rations would be cut off.  Batwoman attacked the woman, eating her out,
fingering her pussy until the woman came on her face, then she sat on the
woman's face as she was pleasured.  Quickly cumming in her own screaming orgasm,
more intense than she had ever experienced, Batwoman finally had discovered the
pleasures of lesbian sex.

Domo ordered Batwoman to put on a strap-on dildo.  Spreading the woman's legs,
she shoved the strap-on up inside the woman and fucked her as she had been
instructed to do.  Although her mind was still reeling from the drug, Batwoman
knew exactly what she was doing, as she pumped, hard, in and out of the woman
until they both came again.

Batwoman did not hesitate when Domo instructed her to turn the woman over and
fuck her ass with her strap-on.  She pumped brutally and eagerly, as the woman
moaned and scratched at the floor, obviously enjoying being used in that manner.

Domo ordered another slave to fuck Batwoman and she watched through half-closed
eyes as the woman, another blonde, put on another strap-on, lubed it up and
proceeded to fuck the shit out of her Bat-ass as she fucked the other woman. 
Domo ordered another and then another, and soon a human chain of dildoed slaves
were on the floor fucking each other's brains out.

When they all finished cumming, Domo strapped Batwoman in her harness again and
proceeded to fuck her primed ass with hs bestial dong, while Bambi and Thumper
prepared the abominable leather phallus once more.  They lubed it this time, but
didn't need to, as Batwoman's pussy was, literally, dripping wet with her own
juices.  Batwoman was fucked for over an hour like that, her body racked with
multiple orgasms, her once-virgin pussy stretched grotesquely.

For the evening, after being cleaned up and fed, Joker let Batwoman smoke a
blunt: pure Columbia primo marijuana laced with a special chemical concoction of
Joker's own making.

Batwoman sat between his egs on a plush leather chair.  They passed the blunt
back and forth and Joker ordered one of his slaves to bring him a sifter of the
finest cognac, which she did quickly.  Then he ordered the natural blonde slave,
naked of course, to sit in front of Batwoman.  He called her by the name he had
given her: Cinderella.

As Joker and Batwoman continued to smoke the blunt, Batwoman drifting on a Cloud
Nine high, Joker ordered the slave to play with Batwoman's pussy.  The woman did
not hesitate as she spread Batwoman open with both hands and began to caress and
stroke her pussy lips.  She dipped her finger inside and Batwoman moaned.  Joker
took a remote control and turned on the 42 inch flatscreen TV in front of them. 
The DVD player played images of horses mating.  And the disk was full to
overflowing.

The woman licked Batwoman's juices off her fingers and continued to play with
the crimefightress' pussy.  Joker handed the blunt to the woman who joyfully
puffed and passed it back to Batwoman, who did the same and passed it back to
Joker.

Joker hit it and then he took the unlit end of the fat cigar-like smoke and
inserted it in Batwoman's pussy.  He twisted it around inside her as the woman
looked on in ecstatic glee while Batwoman moaned and undulated.  Joker moved it
in and out of Batwoman's red-haired twat, fucking her with it and getting her
juices all over it.

Then he removed it and held it up to Batwoman's nose.  She breathed deeply,
luxuriating in the decadent smell of the pussy-laced weed.  Joker handed it to
her and Batwoman took several long drags on it.  Then she handed it to the woman
at her feet.  The woman sniffed and licked at it.  As Joker glared at her, she
inserted it into Batwoman's cunt and twisted it around.  Then she moved it in
and out like a dildo.  Batwoman groaned sensuously and bucked her hips in rhythm
to the woman's fuckings, taking more of the fatty inside her.  Then the woman
pulled it out and toked it, a look of pure euphoria on her face as she did. 
Handing it back to the Joker, he fucked Batwoman with it, faster and deeper. 
When he pulled the smeg-covered cigar out, he handed it back to batwoman who
luxuriated once more in smoking her pussy-laced herb cigar.

In between her own smokings, the woman played with and licked Batwoman's pussy. 
At Joker's signal, she stood up and turned around, bending over and using both
hands to spread her butt cheeks, exposing her clean-shaven pussy to Batwoman. 
Batwoman did not try to hide her arousal.

"Shove that blunt up 'er cunt!"  Joker ordered.

Batwoman didn't hesitate.  She stuck the end of the blunt, again the unlit end,
up inside the woman, and began to pump her pussy furiously, marveling at the
sight of it going in and out of her.

After the woman came, Joker took the blunt back and fucked Batwoman's cunt with
it.  As he did so, he made her recite certain little diddy's which she did in a
throaty, sexy manner.

"I'm your cunt."  "You're my Daddy."  "I'm your hole."  "You're my King."  "I'm
your bitch!"

Batwoman's orgasm swept over her as she uttered the last phrase.  It was so
intense that she screamed and dug her fingernails into the soft leather
upholstery.  As she did so, Joker worked the cigar in and out of her at a
lightning pace.  Wave after wave rolled over Batwoman's body.

To be continued...


Kelly Ragen # 826788
Lowell Correctional Institute Women's
1137s, Post Office Box 147
Lowell Florida  32663-0147




The Breaking of the Batwoman. Part 2





Batwoman had no idea how long iy went on, nor did she care.  When she finally
came back to reality, she was still in Joker's arms and he was puffing on the
blunt.  He had an evil, satisfied look on his face.

"Y'know?" He began.  "I'm glad you finally realized your place.  I should fuck
your goddamn throat and make you gag on my dick and my nut---Bitch.  But I've
got something even better in mind.  Since you profess to love dick so much more
than pussy, and you have loved some pussy over the past couple of days, I'll
tell you what!  I'm gonna give you the dick of your dreams!"  Joker stated then
inserted a thin needle in Batwoman's neck.  She nodded off to sleep immediately.

Day four soon came.

When she awoke, Batwoman was shackled to what looked like some kind of pommel
horse.  Having been a gymnast prior to beginning her crime fighting career, it
was all-too familiar, but somehow different.  She looked around and got her
bearings, at least as best as she could.  It appeared that she was in some kind
of barn, complete with the requisite haystacks.

Without a word, Domo bounded in.  He had an evil look in his eye.  The mad dwarf
had a big jar---big even for him.  He scooped into it with his hand, and from
behind Batwoman could feel him applying what felt like tons of petroleum jelly
to and inside her pussy.  He just scooped out handfuls of it, until it dripped
out of her in warm rivulets. 

"Well, I'm glad Sleeping Beauty finally decided to wake up!  Couldn't start the
show without you."  The Clown Prince of Crime stated as he came in, leading a
black stallion by the bridle.  A real horse this time, not a stallion boy.

"I'd like to introduce you to Blackie.  He's my prime stallion.  Keep him for
special occasions and he always rises to them!"  Joker exclaimed.

Batwoman had to look over her shoulder to see.  She was effectively immobilized
from being tied up.  But this definitely did not look good.  Her heart raced in
her chest.

Joker moved Blackie to a position behind Batwoman, and then summoned another
female slave.  It was Cinderella again.  She was wearing a robe which she
quickly discarded.  Underneath she wore nothing but riding boots.  Giving Joker
and Batwoman a sultry look, she turned and began to run her hand along Blackie's
flanks.  It wasn't long before she was actually caressing and even kissing him
on his back, sides and withers.  She planted, deep, passionate kisses on his
muscular rump.  To Batwoman's amazement, the woman climbed up on Blackie's back
and began to slide her lower torso back and forth on him.  She was rubbing her
pussy back and forth on the horse withers and began to moan sensuously as she
did so.  It wasn't long until she cried out in the throes of her orgasm, coating
the horse's back with thick, white smeg.  Several minutes of undulating passed
and then she slid down.

Batwoman's eyes went wide as the woman repositioned herself sideways.  The, to
her utter astonishment, she watched the woman slide under the horse!  The woman
began to stroke the horse's monstrous member with both hands as it protruded
from its sheath.  And Batwoman could see the impossibly huge and long horsecock
growing, hardening, and pushing more and more out of the sheath.  It was
incredibly massive.  Simply impossible, Batwoman thought to herself.  She had
never even imagined anything so huge.

Two slaves moved a wooden platform into place underneath Blackie.  Cinderella
quickly positioned herself on it, lying on her back.  She never released her
grip on the horse's cock as she did so.  Still stroking it, she began to lick
and kiss the fat, blunt head of it.  It seemed too massive to possibly fit in
her mouth, as she began to make passionate oral love to Blackie's equine meat. 
Her tongue darted in and out of the pee hole and she licked lovingly around the
entire head, as the horse whinnied and nayed, obviously enjoying the woman's
ministrations.  The slave steadied the beast as she continued to service his
cock.

Cinderella slid off of the platform and, Blackie's member still in one hand,
went right to licking his softball sized testicles in his leathery-smooth ball
sac.  She cupped her hand underneath them feeling their impossible weight and
girth.  They were incredibly hot to the touch, and Cindy could feel how
impossibly full they were.  She kissed, licked and caressed them taking in
Blackie's wondrous musk and taste, and imagining the gallons of cum inside his
swollen horsenuts.

After long minutes of watching the woman orally service the powerful stallion,
watching her play with a cock and balls she was having a hard time even
imagining, Batwoman watched the woman slide back onto the platform.  She never
let go of Blackie's long, hard tube.  Batwoman watched as the woman lifted her
legs, opening wide and guiding the monstrous member down between them.  She
watched in shock and awe as the woman's expression changed and a loud groan
escaped her lips.  Batwoman's heart almost stopped as she watched the woman push
the huge horsecock up inside her pussy!  Her mouth hung open as she saw the
woman actually taking more of him inside her.  She could literally see it
pushing into the woman's small, flat, belly as the woman moaned louder and
shouted aloud.  There was a look of pure ecstasy on her face as she took the
beast member inside her tiny body.

Domo pulled the pulverizing pud out of Cinderella with a resounding pop and
Batwoman thought she was dead.  But moments later, the young woman was begging
to be filled again.  Pleading for anyone to fuck her and to have Blackie's clock
back.

"Please!  Oh god, please Master!  I wanna fuck Blackie!  I want him to fuck me
so hard an' deep!  I'll take him any way you want me to!  Oh please, Master, I
need it!  I need to be fucked so bad!"  She pleaded.

Domo got up on the platform, bent the slave over and gave her her wish in both
holes, followed by the same from Sweet Tooth, and, to Batwoman's horror, Bambi
and Thumper too!  They had cocks!

"Now..."  Joker began again.  "...Bat-Bitch!  I'm gonna find out just how hetero
you really are!"  he emoted, and slapped his right thigh with one hand, dropping
the reins.  All at once Blackie reared up on his hind legs and, in one
well-trained motion, rested his front legs on the post Batwoman was tied to. 
She couldn't help but cry out, afraid she would be crushed.  She could see the
monstrous horse member, now positioned directly behind her helpless form.

"No!"  Batwoman cried out as her mind reeled from the revelation of what was
about to occur.  She began to weep uncontrollably, every ounce of bravery and
resolve gone.  Her knees went weak, but with her arms and legs tied, she was
held upright and in fucking position.  Even if she passed out, she would remain
accessible to Blackie's bestial ruttings. 

The beast didn't hesitate, probing for her opening with his cock.  It was small
and tight.  It would be neither after Blackie finished with it.  Batwoman was
all of 4'-9" and 100 lbs.  her vagina, although well "conditioned" from Joker's
training, was still much too small o accommodate anything even close to
Blackie's size.  Although well developed, with womanly hips and ample breasts,
Batwoman was, nonetheless, not much bigger than a pre-adolescent girl.

She shook from fright and cried out.  Batwoman begged and plead with the Joker
to stop Blackie.  She pleaded with every fiber of her being.  She addressed
Joker as "My King", "Master", and "Sire."  Days ago she had welcomed death.  Now
the prospect terrified her.  The prospect of being ripped apart by a huge
rutting animal, of literally being impaled, was terrifying.  It was a kind of
death she had never, in her wildest dreams, imagined.  Her cries became insane
rantings, as terror gripped her.  She felt the head of Blackie's member finder
her buttery opening and Batwoman screamed at the top of her lungs, a scream that
would have waked the dead in Hades.

Joker was at her side, his eyes wide with glee.  He held a hand up and Blackie
was pulled back, off the wooden bar.  Batwoman's head dropped and she began to
son uncontrollably.

As Joker raised her head in his hand, he looked into her water-filled eyes.  He
knew the look well.  It was the look that he had dreamed of for so very long. 
It was the look that a wild horse had in its eyes, just after it had been
broken.

"What's your name?"  Joker spoke softly but firmly.

"B-B-B-B-Bat..."  She tried to form the words.  "B-B-B-Bat..."  She couldn't do
it.  It wasn't inside her anymore.  All of that was gone from her: gone forever,
along with her spirit.  Her eyes dropped, as she was no longer able to meet the
Joker's gaze.  Her head dropped, as if all the strength had left her neck and
she stared at the puddle on the floor beneath her.  She had, in her terror,
released the entire contents of her bladder---peed all over herself, and it had
dribbled onto the floor.  She had never felt so ashamed in all her life as she
did at that moment.  She wanted to be used: needed to be used.  At least that
way, she would have a purpose instead of being a useless shell of self-pity and
loathing.

"Oh Master."  She breathed before she even thought about it.  Then she realized
she was now his!  She was the Joker's slave.  He had broken her!

Joker lifted her head again and held it as he stared wildly into her eyes.

"What is your name---Bitch?"  He stated more forcefully.

"B-B-B.."  She tried to say it again, and again it would not cross her lips. 
"Liza."  She finally whispered.  "Liza Trestle---Bitch!"  She managed to get out
and let out another sob.

"The infamous Trestle bitch!  I was beginning to think you were a myth.  I am so
glad you survived your little ordeal.  But your name is no longer Liza Trestle. 
Henceforth you will be the meat served to all my other slaves, so that you may
satiate their hunger!  You will be passed around and partaken of by all her, at
my whim and at my choosing, just like a blunt.  Your mouth, your hands, your
asshole, your pussy will give service as I choose and as I see fit, when, how
and where I want for as long as I want!

Joker moved around in front of her and he undid his pants, taking out his own
member.  He stroked it unashamedly, getting it rock hard and pointing at the
ceiling.  Liza didn't take her eyes off of it, and strangely enough, felt her
mouth begin to water in anticipation.

Joker moved behind her and ripped off the filthy mask, then threw the last
vestige of what she had been at her feet.  Joker slid his pants down to just
below his butt and rammed his dick up into Liza from behind.  She groaned and
her entire body shuddered as she felt him slide into her walls.

Joker grabbed Liza's hair like the reins of a horse and rode her pussy, easily
driving his cockhead to the end of her tight pussy.  He increased his rhythm and
began to slap her on the ass---hard!  His handprints could be seen on her
alabaster skin.

Liza bit her bottom lip and bucked her hips to meet Joker's lustful pumping. 
She wanted his dick more than anything she had ever wanted in her life!  Liza
squeezed and massaged his member with her walls, as it slid in and out of her. 
She made love to it like she had never done with any mane before and would never
with any other man again.

The Joker reached around and ran his gloved fingers up and down her sex, where
their bodies were joined.  He gave a signal and two henchmen released Liza's
wrists from their bonds.  Her right hand immediately went between her legs and
cupped Joker's smooth, swollen balls, nurturing and protecting them.  Joker
groaned this time and began to pump Liza with an inhuman fury.

Liza, with the grace of a circus acrobat, bent down and, literally, slipped her
torso between her own legs like a contortionist.  From that position, she began
to lick Joker's rock-hard dick as it slid in and out of her, licking her own
juices off of it.

Joker grunted three or four times in succession and then he let out a load
growl, like some wild animal.  It filled the entire barn and Liza screamed
again, this time out of ecstasy, as Joker filler her up with his hot, steamy
load.  She felt the hot seed spurting against her cervix.  She saw his balls
tighten and contract, releasing their pent up nut sauce.

Her first scream was from surprise: surprise at the force of his blast and the
fiery heat of it inside her.  Her next screams were from her own orgasm.  If
Joker had not held her by the hips, she would have fallen over as her mind
exploded.  And Joker exploded.

His copious load and Liza's mind reeled again as his spunk dribbled on her face,
dripping out of her own spasming quim.  It only heightened the orgasm as she let
the sweet sticky sauce fall into her mouth and splatter on her face.  She was
amazed to find that Joker's spunk was sweet with only a hint of saltiness.  Liza
milked her King's balls and cock to coax every drop of his semen out.

"You're my property now, Bitch."  Joker breathed, still pushed up inside Liza to
the end of her cervix.

Liza straightened up, face full of jism, and rested her arms on the pommel
horse.

"Yes, Master.  Always."  Liza emoted, reaching between hr legs again to caress
Joker's balls.  Hoping she had satisfied him, desperately needing him to say so. 
She wanted to know she had fulfilled her one and only true purpose in life,
pleasing the Joker.

Suddenly Joker pulled away.  He turned to his henchmen and commanded...

"Get Blackie over here---now!  I want this bitch split in two!  Somebody get me
some popcorn!  This is gonna be one hell of a screamfest!"

Liza let out a bloodcurdling scream as Blackie mounted up.  The next scream was
even worse as the beast drove his titanic tool into her twat!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Moet Chandon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





