BDSM Library - From Stud To Slave In A Weekend




From Stud To Slave In A Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: From stud to slave in a weekend. Title says it all.From Stud to Slave  
In a Weekend  
Hi I'm John and this is how a weekend can change you life forever! I have
  been considered a stud as long as I could remember! I was tall dark and handsome!
  My 6'3" frame was ripped with muscle, but if that wasn't enough I was blessed
  with 12" of cock almost 4" in diameter! I was a machine with a furious appetite
  for sex!  
Women were lining up to fuck me, as I had a well establish reputation! I
  loved orally sex and most would try to give me head, but couldn't handle my
  thick cock in their mouths! So I've never had a good blowjob and longed to
  know the pleasure of one! But that doesn't stop me from eating them! Hell I
  love eating pussy and many considered my tongue magically, beside it makes
  them wet enough to handle my thick cock!  
But after I've eaten or fucked them into a devastating orgasm they're completely
  spent and would beg me to stop! Hell I was barely warming-up, but stop I would!
  You see I'm not your typical stud, as I'm a humble man who adores women! I
  always put their needs before mine! So no, don't or stop always means just
  that and I would! I don't believe in forcing a woman to do anything against
  her will and I hated guys who did!  
But my reputation was getting the best of me! I grew tried of one-nightstands
  and women who just wanted to fuck! Hell the word was out on just how thick
  my cock was and most stop trying to give me head, even after I had licked them
  into a lathering mess? My sex life sucked; hell my life sucked and I was miserable!  
Then one day I finally realized I was now 28 and have never been in a committed
  relationship in my life! That's why I'm so miserable! I've known for a while
  I was ready to settled down and start a family! The truth be know; I hated
  the stud title, as it was attracting the wrong women! But what kind of woman
  would satisfy my needs?  
Well first she would have to have a ferocious appetite for sex! She would
  have to be open-minded and most importantly she would be able to handle my
  cock anywhere I wanted to put it! A tall order for sure, but she's out there
  as everybody has a counterpart! There soul mate and I would search for mine!  
My search seemed hopeless until one night surfing an alternative sex site
  I saw it had a personnel section! I figure it couldn't hurt, as I liked a little
  kink! So I posted an ad: Man with huge cock seeks open-minded sex crazy women
  for LONG-term relationship! I haven't met a woman yet who could handle my cock
  in her ass, mouth or pussy passed one orgasm! Please only reply if you know
  you can handle10" plus!  
The first night I got several replies, mostly just women who want to get
  fuck by a huge cock! The last one was unbelievable! Who says 10" is a huge
  cock, sound like you have a big ego to go with your SMALL PENIS. But if you
  want to talk I'll be on the net at 10.00 tomorrow night signed
  {Hungry Pussy} 
  . Well no one had every referred to my cock as a small or penis for that matter!  
So at 10.00 PM I logged on and she was already on! I sent her an IM!  
 
  {JS} 
  Hello I'm John the guy with the small penis.  
She didn't response so I went about checking other replies. About ten minutes
  later she answered my IM  
 
  {HP} 
  So John with the small penis are you looking for a good blowjob and fuck?  
 
  {JS} 
  Yes, but I have never had anyone call my cock a penis or small!  
 
  {HP} 
  Well John lets face it, 10" isn't really that BIG!  
 
  {JS} 
  WHAT!! Well mine is actually 12" and really thick  
 
  {HP} 
  12", is that all John?  
 
  {JS} 
  IS THAT ALL!!! Are you going sit there and tell me you can give head to a thick
  12"Cock?  
 
  {HP} 
  AS A MATTER OF FACT, I CAN!!! I know a good blowjob is hard to find, as it's
  an art form deep throating such a cock. But it's one I've MASTERED!  
 
  {JS} 
  REALLY! So I'm guessing fucking something that size is easy too!  
 
  {HP} 
  You got it sweetie in any hole I choose, but I'm always looking for someone
  who can fuck for hours. Most men are lame fucks who blow their load and off
  to sleep they go. Leaving me hungrier! So John can you really fuck for hours!  
 
  {JS} 
  YES! But I'm not just looking for a good fuck. I want a committed LONG-TERM
  RELATIONSHIP!  
 
  {HP} 
  Well John that's moving a bit fast, but I'm not opposed to A Committed "LONG-TERM
  RELATIONSHIP", but maybe we should LIKE MEET FIRST!!!  
 
  {JS} 
  Hmmm a smart ass, I like that!  
 
  {HP} 
  I'm glad John; maybe I should send you a picture to see if you really want
  to go any further?  
 
  {JS} 
  Sure that would be great, I'll send you one as well!  
As I sent her a picture file of me, hers came in. I opened it and it was
  a picture of her pussy! Her pussy lips were enormous and pierced; her clit
  was the largest I'd had ever seen and her strawberry bush looked like it had
  never been shaved! This was the biggest pussy I had every seen and could indeed
  handle a very large cock!  
Before I could reply another picture file came in. This time it was her naked.
  She was absolutely stunning; Her thick long Strawberry hair reached the middle
  of her back! Her eyes were emerald green and her body was well-chiseled muscle,
  she had beautiful breast that had large nipples. I was capture instantly by
  her beauty!  
 
  {HP} 
  Well John what do you THINK?  
 
  {JS} 
  You're absolutely gorgeous!  
 
  {HP} 
  My pussy or me?  
 
  {JS} 
  YOU and your pussy is incredible!  
 
  {HP} 
  Oh John you making my pussy so hungry, do you want to fuck me?  
 
  {JS} 
  Oh you have no idea! But what did you think of my picture?  
 
  {HP} 
  Very nice; you look like you're a big strong man, but you're dressed, how do
  I know you really have a thick 12" cock. Do you have any pictures of your cock?  
 
  {JS} 
  NO! But I really do have a 12" cock!  
 
  {HP} 
  John I hear it all the time from guys who want to sleep with me!  
 
  {HP} 
  John are you a man of your word?  
 
  {JS} 
  Yes! Why?  
 
  {HP} 
  Well if you want me, you have to give me you're word you wont hurt me!  
 
  {JS} 
  Never! I would never hurt a woman. I hate guys that do that! I give you my
  word!  
 
  {HP} 
  Well then Mr. Ego! You said no women could handle your cock that sounds like
  a challenge to me! I'm betting I can handle every inch of you anywhere I desire!
  Do you want to bet that I can't?  
 
  {JS} 
  Hmmm a challenge! What's the bet?  
 
  {HP} 
  I'll make you beg me to stop fucking you, before I beg you to stop fucking
  me!  
 
  {JS} 
  WOW that some bet! What does the winner get?  
 
  {HP} 
  Let see How about the loser belongs to the other person!  
 
  {JS} 
  What do you mean belongs, like tied up, oh I like that!  
 
  {HP} 
  Oh do you now! So is it a bet then?  
 
  {JS} 
  Yes I love a good challenge!  
 
  {HP} 
  John give me your word you won't back out if you lose!  
 
  {JS} 
  I give you my word I wont back out if I lose. Hell a little bondage and kink
  is cool!  
 
  {HP} 
  We'll see! We should meet next weekend if possible, John where do you live.  
 
  {JS} 
  On the Southside!  
 
  {HP} 
  Cool that's close to me!  
 
  {HP} 
  So John do you really want to do this!  
 
  {JS} 
  Oh yes you have no idea how long I have been looking for a woman like you!  
 
  {HP} 
  Hmmm! That's a little cocky, you really do have a big ego!  
 
  {JS} 
  Sorry! I'm just very frustrated as most woman quit as I get started!  
 
  {HP} 
  Hmmm John another bold statement as well, are you bragging?  
 
  {JS} 
  Nooo ! I don't mean to sound cocky and I don't have a big ego! I'm just looking
  for a woman who enjoys sex and loves a big thick cock, which she can handle
  with ease!  
 
  {HP} 
  Oh John you're making me so hot!  
 
  {JS} 
  Sorry !!! I hope you give me a chance to show you!  
 
  {HP} 
  Oh John you're going to get your chance, I PROMISE!  
 
  {JS} 
  GREAT! Do you have a real name!  
 
  {HP} 
  OF COURSE, but you wont know it until you satisfy my hungry pussy and back
  up all your bold talk!  
 
  {JS} 
  Please don't get the wrong idea about me. I'm really a nice guy who just frustrated
  and not cocky at all!  
 
  {HP} 
  We'll see John we'll see! John if you want me, meet me at Highland Park at
  8.00 Friday night; park in the far parking lot!  
 
  {HP} 
  Has Logged off  
My mind raced, as this beautiful woman who I had never met has just set up
  a date to fuck me. Then reality set in, Highland Park is in the worst part
  of town and a nothing but gangs hang out there! Hmmm no biggy I can handle
  myself. Then I started thinking this was to good to be true, as I have searched
  long and hard without any luck! Now in one night the girl of my dreams answers
  my ad, can it be!  
 Friday came and I was a mess, was I really going to do this? Is this a set-up?
  How could someone so beautiful just fuck me without ever meeting me? I popped
  myself in the forehead, hey meatball Women have been doing that your whole
  adult life! My head was spinning, but all was cured when I took another look
  at her pictures and she was all I could think about!  
It was 7.15 and I took off for the park! When I got there the front parking
  lot was full of people and cars, as I got to the far parking lot, it was empty.
  I pulled in and parked waiting nervously. I didn't have to wait long, as within
  minutes a car rolled up along side mine! The window rolled down and it was
  her! Hello John how are you? I'm Fine and yourself? I'm good; lock up your
  car and get in!  
Without thinking I locked up my car and just jumped in with her! He smell
  was intoxicating and she was even more stunning in person! All my thoughts
  were consumed with having her. I tried starting a conversion, but she told
  me she likes to concentrate while she drives! Sure no problem I'll just admire
  the view. She gave me a very seductive smile and the hook was set deeper!!!  
We drove for a while and she obviously didn't live that close to me, but
  all I could think about was having her! She turned into a private driveway!
  Deep into the woods we came upon a set of heavy steel gates that guarded the
  entrance to an old stone mansion! Thought the headlights I could see it was
  covered in ivy and the bushes were all over grown, it looked like it hadn't
  been inhabited for quite some time!  
 Wow this place needs some work. Not really I like it rustic! Come let's
  go inside. As we walked into the light I took notice of just how BIG she really
  was! She easily was the same height or taller, but it was hard to tell while
  she still had her heels on! She was even heavier in muscle then her picture
  showed, but she still very feminine. I loved Tall Muscular woman and my excitement
  grew!  
Wow some difference from the outside! I know! Come John I'll show you around.
  This place is great! Thanks but you haven't seen anything yet! We walked into
  the den and it was breath taking. This colossal fireplace took up most of the
  front wall except for a set of stairs leading upstairs. The windows were beautiful
  stain glass, guarded by bars and heavy shutters. What's this place a fort?
  She laughed, come let go to bed! Sure!  
She reached for a candle scone on the fireplace and pulled it! A secret door
  opened and revealed a set of stairs leading down! I guess I should have been
  leery, but I wasn't! Wow this place is really cool. Thanks, my Grandmother
  had it built a long time ago and most people don't even know it exists, as
  where miles from anywhere!  
When we got to the bottom of the stairwell a large wooden door guarded the
  entrance, it was at least 8" thick! We entered the room, which was very dimly
  lit. But as my eyes adjusted I notice a Giant four-poster bed that had to be
  made from 12"x12" timbers that went right into the ceiling and the light was
  coming from a large fireplace. This place is unreal! Oh you have know idea!  
She removed her dress and stood their naked! You're so beautiful! Thank you!
  Her hands fell between her legs! So John do you I liked my hungry pussy? Your
  pussy is incredible! Oh John! Do you know why it's so hungry and unshaven?
  No! No man has ever satisfied it; can you satisfy it John? YES!! Well come
  over here and show me!  
I walked over to her and kissed her passionately. When our kiss broke my
  heart was racing! Her emerald green eyes gazed into mine and I was completely
  mesmerized! She dropped to her knees, removing my pants on the way down. She
  took hold of my cock teasingly and kissed it softly! I was losing myself to
  her when it happened!  
Her beautiful lips wrap around my cock and she swallowed every inch of me!
  No woman had ever done that and my cock responded by growing to its full length!
  It was mind blowing, as I finally got the blowjob of my dreams! For15 minutes
  she magically worked my cock! When she knew I wasn't going to cum she stop!
  Hmmm very good control John! We kiss again and she smiled, YOUR TURN!!!!!!  
She ripped off my shirt and forced me to my knees with unbelievable strength!
  She held me inches from her pussy letting her pussy scent intoxicate me! Finally
  she let my hungry tongue taste her incredible pussy, she was drenched and tasted
  fabulous! All I wanted to do was lick her into a massive orgasm. But before
  I could get her there she pulled me up and we kissed again!  
Our kiss broke and again her emerald eyes gazed into mine stealing what was
  left of me, as my blood boiled with passion for her! Remember our Bet lover!
  I laughed! Sure I remember our bet; hell you can tie me up right now, as I
  don't want this to end! Are you sure John? I never have been surer of anything!!!
  This is my dream come true, as I always wanted to be a woman's fuck toy! OH!!!!!!  
She pulled out 2" leather cuffs with steel chains attached to them and locked
  them around my wrists and ankles! She left the bed and turned a crank attached
  to one of the bedpost, the chains began to tighten. I was now spread eagle
  and complete at her mercy! Finally I realize just how vulnerable I was, as
  she was a stranger! HEY that's too tight!  
She hoped on top of me and put her fingers to my lips, shush my little fuck
  toy! I'm going to fuck you till those big balls are in agony! Then your going
  to beg me to stop and the position you're in now will become PERMANENT! WAIT!
  What do you mean PERMANENT? That was the bet? The loser belongs too the other!
  Please wait!! John for a guy who is so unhappy and scared you're awful hard!  
Now remember I expect you to keep you word! Now be quiet or I'll gag you!
  She mounted my hard cock and took every inch without a problem. Oh John you
  feel so good inside of me! Please this isn't fun anymore! Really your cock
  seems to be having fun! She was right; my cock was in the pussy of my dreams
  and it was incredible! Now be quiet and enjoy this, as it might be a long time
  before you enjoy fucking a woman again!  
She rode up and down my cock like she trying to break a wild horse! Her pussy
  had incredible muscle control and each stroke she took she clamped down tighter!
  Finally it felt like my cock was in a vice! With just her muscles she began
  pumping me like a milking machine and soon my balls began to stirring!  
I knew it wasn't long before I would cum! She knew it to and with a couple
  of extra hard squeezes I exploded! My body shutter, as spurt after spurt left
  my cock! I begged her to stop so I could enjoy the orgasm as each squeeze became
  painful! Ahhh begging already? NO! Finally she stopped squeezing, as her orgasm
  took control of her!  
She licked her lips and stared into my eyes! Oh you're going to do just fine!
  By the way did I say you could cum! I looked at her puzzled! John I didn't
  say you could cum; now did I! Granted you lasted long then most studs, but
  your cocks deflating and my pussy is still so hungry! Wait just give me sometime
  I'll be ready soon! But John my pussy is so hungry and time is one thing you
  don't have!  
I guess that beautiful mouth and superb tongue of yours are going to have
  too do some more work! Wait! Wait for what! I just came in your pussy! I know
  John, but it so hungry! Beside you're going to lick it clean, so it's nice
  and fresh for our next round! Plus you'll think twice about cumming without
  asking for permission, now won't you?  
Before I could answer, her hot dripping pussy was pushed into my mouth. Lick
  my pussy clean! I had never eaten my own cum, let only been forced too and
  I wasn't looking forward to it! John you better start licking my pussy or else!
  OH slow-learner! She crushed my balls in her powerful hand. NOW EAT ME!!!!!!  
I was reeling in pain, but when I finally caught my breath! I licked her
  like I never licked a woman before! In no time she was a frothy mess and exploded
  into orgasmic bliss! It was like nothing I had ever experience, as she ejaculated
  like a man squirting cum from her pussy! Gushers of it too, so much it was
  running down the sides of mouth!  
When she composed herself I was hard again and she jumped back onto my cock!
  Hmmm how lovely you have cum running from your mouth, you're going to be a
  great little bitch!! Her pussy was on fire and felt even more incredible! To
  incredible because in no time she had me ready to explode again! She could
  see me straining not to cum, as sweat pour off my forehead! She just grins!
  Don't you dare cum! Please I don't want to play anymore!  
Her scowl said it all and her pussy clamped down even harder forcing me too
  exploded! My balls strained, as my cum was forced from them! Without a word
  she mounted my mouth and I immediately went to work licking her clean! This
  time she held me tightly, as she came again. I almost drown as I fought to
  breathe, but she forced me to catch it all! Hmmm much better, now my ass wants
  a turn or two!  
She took every inch of me up her ass and her muscles just toyed with my cock!
  Squeezing it to release my precious cum! For the next 2 rounds her ass had
  it's way with my cock and I was forced to lick it clean each time! She was
  enjoying me anyway she desired and I was just a fuck toy completely at her
  mercy!  
Finally her pussy had me on the verge of my 5 th  orgasm!
  I was totally exhausted and my balls were ready to explode! I couldn't cum
  again, as my balls were in agony! It was over! Please Stop, Please Stop please
  no more! Tears were just rolling from my eyes!!!! She gave me a soft peck on
  my lips! Ahhhh you lost and now you belong to us!  
Oh how we're going to enjoy turning you into our little bitch! Please don't
  do this! To late my partner and I have been looking for a slave like you for
  quite some time and now that we have you we're certainly not letting you go!
  Your partner? Yes, you'll meet her soon enough! Please I'm begging you!  
John a Bet's a Bet and you shouldn't have bet more then you could afford
  to lose! Now be a good boy and stop whining, besides you're about to have your
  wish come true and become a real fuck toy! Expect I'm sure not in the way you
  thought, as your literally going to be the one getting fucked! She busted out
  laughing and left the room!  
She was gone for a while and returned with a collar in her hand! What's that
  for? You, as it will make you easier to control! 2 ways to do things Hard or
  Easy! The choice is yours! If you chose the easy way I'll feed that pathetic
  little dick of yours some pussy once in a while! The hard way and you're going
  to regret being borne!  
Why are you doing this? A couple of reasons! But for now all you need to
  know is; all men are dogs ruled by their pathetic little dicks! You inferior
  to women and should be our slaves! You're also necessary when a Dildo just
  wont do! It's kind of funny; we had giving up on finding a strong slave with
  a huge cock when I saw your ad!  
Please I'm not like that, I'm not a dog, REALLY? Let see; you met me, took
  me home and fucked me! That's a DOG! Enough of this SHIT, you're mine now and
  need to be collared! Just as a dogs is trainable so are you and we're going
  to train you to be our little bitch! You'll obey and serve without question
  or pay the consequence!  
She put the collar around my neck and I heard it lock in place! By the way
  pet it's un-removable so I'd learn to love it, as it was made just for you!
  Obey and serve without questions and you'll never know what horrifying things
  that collar is capable! Disobey and I promise you won't like what it's capable
  of doing!  
Now it's time to get you ready for Tasha! Please don't do this I'm begging
  you! That's enough! I see you're not a man of your word! Well it's the hard
  way! The collar started to tighten around my neck until I couldn't breathe!
  Please I'm going to pass-out! I KNOW! One of several ways the collar works!
  It capable of intense pain or DEATH!!!  
Right now pet with every squeeze your life's begins to fade, are you sure
  you want to fight this! I shook my head no! Hmmm very well then! The collar
  loosens up and I was breathing freely again! Now I'm going to release you and
  you're going to fellow me into the next room and do as you're told, understand?
  Yes Ma'am!  
She led me into the room and put me into a large shower stall. Those chains
  on the wall, attach them to your ankles and wrists! Once I was done, the chains
  tighten. I hope you like my dungeon slave, as it's your new home! No one will
  hear your screams accept Tasha, me and anybody else brought here to torture
  and play with you!  
Time to remove that nasty body hair! Please don't do this! SLAP!!! Enough!
  She retrieves a gag and gagged me! She covered me from the neck down with this
  cream that smelt like baby oil! Soon enough I knew it wasn't baby oil, as my
  skin began to burn! I started to struggle! Pet relax just a moment more! She
  washed me off and checked me for body hair! She wasn't satisfied so she repeated
  the process. When she was done my skin was soft as silk and so alive! I also
  was as naked as the day I was born!  
She glared at me! Men are so pathetic and easily trapped! I began to cry,
  as the humiliation and pain were too much! She grabbed my balls and I tried
  pulling away! Ahhhh poor thing are they sore! I nodded yes! That's to bad as
  they don't belong to you anymore and she crushed them in her powerful hand.
  I screamed for mercy, but the gag just turned my screams to moans! Moan my
  little bitch I knew you would love this!  
Again I tried pulling away! Hmmm NEVER pull away from me! Understand! Fighting
  the pain I nodded yes! Then she crushes them even harder! I begged, but only
  moans are heard, which only fueled her to inflict more pain! Moan; moan for
  your New Mistress, you're making me so fucking wet! Finally she released them
  and it was all I could do to keep from passing out!  
Only now do you begin to understand the position you have gotten yourself
  into! Your going to do what I want, when I want, understand? Fighting my tears
  and pain I nodded yes! Slave come! From nowhere comes a Tall Asian lady. She's
  moving very slowly and I can see she was wearing a chastity belt. Come bitch
  move! Hmmm are those 2 big dildos making it hard to walk! Come show our new
  little bitch your special talents!  
She turns back to me! This is Jade. She an expert in Japanese rope bondage
  and CBT! I'm going to make her use leather just for you! You'll thank me later.
  Jade if you want those dildos removed; his cock and balls better be in pain
  for the rest of the night! I thought to myself! I'm already in pain and it
  couldn't get any worst, as I've never endure this much pain in my life!!!  
Jade began tying up my balls, loop after loop pulled my balls away from my
  body and then she separated them! She kissed them genteelly at first and then
  started sucking on them causing me tremendous pain. I screamed, but only moans
  were heard! I know she does great work!!! I also was wrong about the pain as
  it went to the next level!!  
Jade finish binding up the bottom 3" of my thick shaft! She then proceeds
  to give me a blowjob causes my cock to swell even tighter! Who knew a blowjob
  could cause that much pain! I screamed uncontrollably!!! Moan bitch moan, I'm
  so fucking wet! Her hand dropped between her legs and she works herself into
  an orgasm in no time!  
When she recovered they freed me and walked me through the dungeon! There
  were many instruments of torture and it was horrifying! I was lead to a doctor's
  office table and told to get on. First my waists were strap down. My fear got
  the best of me and I started to struggle to again! Jade quickly grabbed my
  throbbing cock and I stopped!  
Pet don't fight this or it will get much worst! I'm not going to tell you
  again understand! I nodded yes and let them continue securing me to the table.
  The stirrups were pulled out and my ankles and legs were strapped in. Two straps
  were added across my chest and waist, completely immobilizing me!  
She removed my gag and circled like a shark! Please this joke has gone on
  long enough! The pain is unbearable, PLEASE! She hopped on top of me and her
  pussy was still drenched! She kisses me, as she ran her fingers though my hair.
  Pet this isn't a joke! As for the pain I'm afraid it's only going to get worst
  unless you stop fighting this! The faster you accept you're a slave and belong
  to me, the easier this will get I promise!!!  
PLEASE my friends will come looking for me! WHO JOHN? Think of where you
  left you car, those people don't talk to cops! Did you tell anyone you were
  meeting me? No! No one knows you're here John; Face it you're just another
  missing man who was in the wrong part of town and soon you'll be forgotten.
  You lost the bet, now accept the consequences! Understand? Yes Ma'am!! That's
  a Good boy!  
Hey John you every fuck a woman in the ass? Yes once! You give her ever inch!
  Yes! Oh John that's good because your going to find out just how good that
  feels! Oh please don't she didn't like it! Hmmm must have been her first time!
  Yes! That's why, because it's wonderful after a couple of times! I know because
  when you were in my ass earlier it was wonderful! John you ever taken it up
  the ass! Of course not I'm a man! Hmmm Not for long bitch!  
Please don't do this! To late, as Tasha loves fucking virgins and she has
  so many cocks to choose from, right up to 14" Oh how it feels to have that
  much cock inside of you! Oh Please! Enough! Stop fighting this or I'll start
  feeding you women hormones and in no time you'll have nice big tits to match
  your cock! Please don't! Then be quiet! Jade time to get his pussy ready! Yes
  I said pussy your beautiful tight ass in now our PUSSY!  
She straddles me again and forced her hairy mound into my mouth! Pet your
  cock has ruled your life, Hell it's why you're in the position your in now.
  From this day fourth you'll worship pussy and it will rule your life! Soon
  you'll be so obsessed with satisfying pussy and it's owner it will consume
  you every thought! Now make my pussy feel good! My tongue went to work and
  in no time she was trembling mess! Gushers of her juices flooded my mouth!
  OH FUCK YOU Do that good!!!!!!  
She left and returns with a cock shape gag! Open up cocksucker! I thought
  about resisting until I felt Jade grab my balls! She gagged me and strapped
  it in place! Hmmm you're a natural! A funnel was place in the open end of the
  gag and I feel a small stream of liquid entering my mouth. I start chocking,
  as I fought it from entering my mouth!  
I'm not going to tell you again stop fighting its only water; I know you're
  thirsty! I calm down, but my mind was getting the best of me, as I couldn't
  see anymore! I didn't have to wait long to fine out what next! I heard relax
  or this will hurt! Next a skinny very well lube probe started violating my
  ass. I'd said relax!  
 I tried to fight it from entering me, but it slipped right in until it finally
  came to rest deep inside of me! Still thirsty pet! I shook my head yes! I'm
  glad and she pisses into the funnel and tells me to get use to it! That's your
  punishment for making me repeat myself so much! When I chocked down the last
  of her piss the funnel was removed!  
Pet the probe in your ass is 10 inch long and not too uncomfortable yet?
  But you see that's an amazing probe; as it's only &frac34;" around now, but
  it inflates to an amazing 4" in diameter! Becoming a huge 12" X 4" butt plug!
  I started to scream and struggle! Ahhh Poor thing I wouldn't waste your energy,
  as you're going to need it! But don't worry it's only set for 11" X 3". It
  will inflate and deflate for the next 4-hours slowly getting bigger and slowly
  stretching your tight little pussy bigger!  
When it hit 3" it will release a nice warm soapy castor oil enema! Hmmm that
  will clean out that nasty pussy, but you're going to be in some pain come morning!
  But don't worry Jade is going to make sure nothing bad happens to you! You
  should know she was once Japans most sadistic Dom. Her specialty was CBT before
  I enslave her!  
Her skills performing CBT are legendary! She can inflict tremendous pain
  for hours without doing permanent damaging! I invite her to America to do a
  demonstration! Her special trick is turning a man cock into a dildo! Intense
  pleasure for the woman and tremendous pain for the man! Little did she know
  I would enslave her and she fought it for a long time, but as you can see she's
  totally devote to me now!  
Jade did we forget something! Oh yeah those big sore balls! I felt them being
  encircled again then a weight dropped forcing my balls to be pull down without
  mercy! Bet that hurts! Tomorrow we're going to beat that ass and if that's
  not enough for your mind to deal with, let me show you something! A light came
  on and every size dildo know to man was hanging on the wall! She pulled one
  off!!!  
Look pet Tasha favorite; this is the Horn of Virginity! It's hundreds of
  years old and made from elephant ivory! It's 11" long and 3 &frac12;" in diameter!
  It was designed to take the virginity of man and turn them into obedient slave!
  I screamed and struggled in horror, as it wasn't just long but it craved ridges
  that look like they would de-bowel a man! Oh stop moaning bitch you'll know
  its pleasure soon enough!!!  
Grandmother told me the Horn posses' magical power that steals a man soul!
  The first couple of times it hurts and she laughed! But us see these craved
  ridges that look so evil. They're perfectly place to over stimulate the prostate!
  She said bind a man's balls so he can't cum and then fuck him with The Horn
  till he's begging to cum! In no time you have a totally devote slave to the
  woman who took his virginity with The Horn!  
Our mother fucked our father once a month with this very dildo. Father served
  mother faithful and worshiped her without being bound till he died! If you
  accept you're faith you to may enjoy the freedom our father was given, but
  only after you have proven your devotion and are properly trained! By the way
  pet Tasha loves The Horn! Hmmm I can't wait to watch her take you!  
You'll serve us faithful by choice or by force, really doesn't matter! I'll
  leave that up to you and one more thing pet! Mistress or Ma'am will always
  be the first word out of your mouth and you'll wait for acknowledgment before
  you say anything else, unless we asks you a question and you'll answer immediately,
  understand! I just nodded yes!  
She kisses me softly! You should have kept your word today and not fought
  this! Because tomorrow when Tasha's fucks you, you'll get no mercy and you'll
  have wished you kept your word, that's a promise! Oh how I'm looking forward
  to tomorrow! Jade lets take out those dildos! Pet Jade loves a big cock in
  her, so she's going to ride you bound cock most of the night!  
Her pussy juices are going to soak your leather bindings and they'll loosen
  a little. But when they dry out well, they'll be much tighter! Yep your cock
  going to be in some pain come morning! Then she'll turn it into a big dildo!
  Hmm I'm so fucking wet! Jade Have fun and make sure you change the setting
  on the probe to max. Goodnight!!  
As soon as the door close Jade mounted me. My balls were screaming in agony
  as the weight swung back and forth in rhythm with her stroke! Several times
  during the night she removed my gag and forced me to eat her! When she had
  enough she forced me to suck on a large dildo, making me take more and more!
  She never spoke a word!  
While dealing with all that, the probe continues it's own assault! Growing
  larger and larger until finally the enema was released into my bowels. Almost
  instantly the cramps began and soon were unbearable! Jade glared into my eyes
  and laughed at my misery! Finally her smile grew bigger, as the probe began
  to inflate to its full size! I was being ripped in half and Jade was enjoying
  my misery even more!  
She got off of me and got a can off a shelf! She untied my throbbing cock
  and balls! Iced and messaged them for about 30 minutes allowing the blood to
  flow freely again. The relief was short lived, because when the ice was removed
  I went hard again! She retied my package and slipped a rubber on me! She opened
  the can and poured liquid blue latex over my cock turning my cock into a 13" blue
  dildo!  
She waited for it to dry and lubed up my cock/dildo and impaled herself on
  it! She slammed up and down my shaft. Every stroke she took caused me tremendous
  pain and I screamed in agony! The only peace I would get is when I would blackout!
  But Jade made sure I wasn't out long! Was this night ever going to end!  
Just then the door flew open and Jade was ordered to get off me! The 2 Mistresses
  walked in! Now towering above me was a woman with Raven-black hair and eyes
  that match! Her body was heavily muscled and her small breasts had large nipples!
  I guessed it was Tasha, she was even bigger then Christina!  
She removed my gag and said good morning pet! Through my tears and pain I
  managed a Good morning Mistress Tasha! Good you know who I am! Yes Ma'am! Open
  your mouth wide pet! She stepped over me placing her pussy inches from my mouth!
  Her bush was even more untamed than Chris's! OK pet enjoy, as my Morning nectar
  is the best and don't you dare miss a drop!  
When I finish chocking down her piss she pushed her pussy into my mouth!
  Ok pet let see what you can do! I put my tongue into action, licking her until
  her pussy was nice and frothy! Her swollen clit look delicious so my tongue
  concentrated attacking it! Soon I sent her over the edge! She came harder then
  Chris and I was drowning in her cum! When she composed herself, I heard her
  tell Chris This Little Bitch Can Pussy!  
She got off of me! Pet you want our balls to stop hurting? Yes Ma'am! She
  pulled down hard on the cord holding the weight! My screams echo throughout
  the dungeon, as the pain was unbearable! The first word out of your mouth is
  Mistress or Ma'am and than you wait for acknowledgment unless we asked you
  a question, now isn't that right? I just nodded yes! Hmmm quick study this
  one!  
Pet don't you know screams like that just make Chris's pussy hungry. Without
  a word Chris took her place over my mouth! You know what I want! Wow Tasha;
  look at his big blue cock! Oh pet I bet that hurts! The whole time I was licking
  Chris, Tasha was pulling on the cord attached to my balls! The pain was unbearable
  and I passed out!  
They threw ice water on me to bring me too! I woke-up screaming! Tasha glared
  into my eyes; enough screaming understand? Ma'am Yes! I'm guessing you know
  how bad minstrel cramp can get, as I'm sure the cramps you're experiencing
  are quite painful! Now you know what us women have to endure once a month!
  Mistress yes I know the cramps are unbearable! Oh I know and from now on every
  time one of us has our period, you'll be left in this state at night to share
  our misery!  
Ma'am! Yes! Ma'am please let me go to the bathroom and end my suffering!
  Sure pet I'll let you go to the bathroom as for ending your suffering; I'm
  afraid that's just begun! The probe was ripped from my ass and Tasha took hold
  of one of my nipples, squeezing it as hard as she could! I screamed as my bowels
  empty instantly! It was a foul mess! Dam Tasha that one nasty pussy, better
  clean that again!  
With that the fully inflate probe was rammed right back into my throbbing
  ass. I could feel them giving me another enema! I wailed for mercy! They laughed
  as they let the enema do it work and again ripped the probe out, letting my
  bowels empty! The more I wailed the more aroused they seem to get!  
Jade washed away the mess with a hose! Finally she turned her attention to
  me! Every time the water hit my balls I screamed in agony! When they were satisfied
  I was cleaned, Jade was order to release my balls! My cock received no relief!
  Mistress! Yes! Mistress Thank you! Oh pet don't thank us yet, were only just
  starting!  
Now are you going to be a good little bitch! Mistress Yes! Funny I don't
  believe you, but when we get done I know you will! I'm going to untie you and
  reposition you! Mistress OK! I was release and place on my knees! They locked
  me into position with my ass high in the air! My balls were again tied up and
  they gagged me.  
Oh pet you're going to love this and the beating began! Blow after blow landed
  tenderizing my ass! Soon I was screaming non-stop but it was in vein, as they
  just came out moans. That's it moan for us, moan you little bitch! Worse was
  my moans only fueled them to hit me harder! Moan bitch your making us so fucking
  hot! Finally they stop and I could hear them moaning as I think the sadistic
  bitches came!  
One of them reached for my tender ass! Oh Tasha he is so hot and ready to
  be fucked. Well he's not wet yet; well I'll fix that! A Heavily lubed finger
  enters my throbbing hole! Tasha the probe has done its job well! She had 3
  fingers in my asshole and what felt like a whole tube of KY! Tasha this pussy
  is so ready to fuck.  
Bitch I'm going to fuck your brains out, but I don't want to destroy you!
  We have plans for you and their very long-term! The lube will make sure I don't
  damage you! Pet you have a nice big cock and soon your going to have a big
  pussy to match. A big sloppy pussy like a little bitch should, as you're our
  little bitch now!!  
I felt the head of The Horn pressing against my throbbing hole! Wait shouldn't
  I get a blowjob first! Don't worry I've got that covered! This bitch will blow
  me while you fuck him! Great idea! I know! Bitch don't worry my cocks 3" shorter
  then yours, but I do expect you to deep throat me just like I did you last
  night!  
She removed my gag! I don't want to hear a word, understand? I nodded yes!
  Now suck my cock or I'll beat that ass again. I could barely get my mouth around
  her cock as she pushed it into my mouth. Slowly she worked it deeper into mouth!
  Come on! Suck on my cock you little cocksucking whore! Oh I like the sound
  of that Tasha I told you he was a natural cocksucker!  
Tasha slowly slid The Horn into me stretching me open again. I was now being
  ripped in half inch-by-inch as she plunges deeper into me! Bitch every stroke
  I take will break your will to fight and steal a piece of your soul! You'll
  become more and more our little bitch! Living only to please us, now suck on
  Chris's cock! Yes pet soon we'll own you mind, body and SOUL!!!!  
Oh Chris this is one tight pussy! Happy Birthday Sister! I thought to myself
  sister what the hell have I gotten myself into! This is the best present ever
  thank you! You're welcome now fuck him till his our little bitch. She started
  slowly and increased her rate of speed! Finally she was moving in and out without
  mercy! I lost track of time as their assault starts to take its toll on me,
  did remember wishing I'd kept my word!  
Finally I could feel their bodies starting to tense and shake, as their orgasms
  began to peck. Finally over come by their own pleasure they drove the entire
  length of their cocks into me. I couldn't breath and I felt like Tasha split
  me in half. They kept their cocks planted deep until their orgasms subsided
  and finally they pulled out of me!  
Tasha grabbed my face! So Bitch did you enjoy being rape??? I was a sobbing
  incoherent mess! My throat felt like it had been cut and I almost blackout
  from lack of oxygen. My ass felt like it was split in half! I didn't answer
  hell I was barely conscious! I ask you a question! Finally mustering enough
  energy! Ma'am Yes! Good answer bitch!  
She kissed me and tells Chris I was a great piece of ass! Then Chris kissed
  me and says I know. I bet that package of yours is throbbing for relief, as
  I'm sure you have to cum! Hell after enjoying a fucking like that, you would
  have to need to cum! I thought enjoyed, I was raped and the 2 of you are the
  only ones who enjoyed it!! But she was right I had an overwhelming need to
  cum!  
She was also right about my throbbing package; it had just kept growing against
  its binding, which were drying out and getting tighter! I had forgotten about
  my package because the pain in my ass was overwhelming, but now I had to deal
  with both. She was now behind me toying with my abused hole! First one then
  two fingers until she had her whole fist in me! She laughed; now that's the
  pussy of a little bitch, big and sloppy.  
Well bitch Tasha wants to ride her knew dildo! With that they reposition
  me again my body was in more pain then I thought I could ever endure, but there
  was my cock begging for relief! They cut away the top of the latex exposing
  the head of my now purple cock! They just laughed  
Tasha slides her pussy over my cock/dildo and instantly I began moaning in
  pain! What's the matter my little bitch your cock hurt! She laughed as her
  pussy clamped down tighter with every stroke; I couldn't stand the pain and
  screamed for mercy. Oh yeah scream my little bitch your making me so fucking
  hot, scream for me!  
Finally someone freed my balls and cut the bottom of the leather bindings
  on my cock! Bitch eat my pussy and don't you dare cum! I had no chance, as
  I was cumming before she said it! My balls pumped a massive load into Tasha's
  pussy. It was the most painful orgasm of my life and she made sure too squeezed
  every last drop from me!  
Poor thing I bet that hurt! Guess we have to switch Chris! She mounted my
  face and Chris jump on my cock, which was unable to deflate as the latex held
  the rest of the binding in place. Tasha made me eat into an orgasm and then
  pissed on my face! She lowered herself back down and made me lick her clean!
  Very good bitch! Finally they order Jade to release my cock and make sure there
  was no damage!  
Jade freed me and took me to the shower where she cleaned me up. I was taken
  to the bed and Jade inspected me for damage! Jade told them I was fine, but
  I would be in pain for quite sometime and my balls would stay swollen for the
  next couple of days! They all just laughed!  
Tasha glared at me! Pet you're going be fine, accept your balls will be swollen
  a while! Then they rubbed cream into my swollen ass and laughed as they joked
  about the welts they left! Then they rubbed the cream on my balls; hmmm pet
  looks like they're already pretty swollen! But soon the cream started to soothe
  the pain of my swollen parts!  
 Now Christina was looking at me! So how does it feel being our little bitch!
  Tears rolled from my eyes, as it was all too much! I was in way over my head
  with no way out! You don't have to answer that, just remember HARD or EASY
  the choice is yours! Rest now as tomorrow will surely bring the same.  
Mistress! Yes! Mistress may I have something for pain! What would be the
  lesson in that! You deal with it, as you brought it on yourself! They left
  me alone for the rest of the day to ponder my new position! I was in extreme
  pain and could only find minimal comfort while lying on my side! My beaten
  and raped ass couldn't bare my weight, nor could my swollen packages as it
  throbbed with each beat of my heart!  
I'm guessing Jade was there next target, as screams echoed throughout the
  dungeon the rest of the day! The energy these 2 sadistic Mistresses had was
  unreal. Their thirst for orgasms and sadism was unquenchable. Friday was a
  dream come true turn nightmare; today was just horrifying! I cried as I wonder
  what the rest of my life would be like as their slave!  
Tasha came over to me and saw my cock was rock hard! Her evil grin clued
  me there was more to come! You'll find that you wont lose that erection anytime
  soon, as your prostate is so over stimulated that each pump of your heart will
  just go straight to you aching cock! I've heard hard-on's that last long can
  be extremely painful. Be sure and tell me in the morning if that hurts to bad!  
Now roll over onto your back! She slipped a cock ring on me. Then Jade was
  order to get on my cock! Her pussy lips looked swollen and the last thing she
  needed was another big cock in her! I could tell as slid down my long shaft
  she was hurting. Then our ankles, wrists and waist were locked together!  
They rolled us over onto our sides and without warning a large frozen butt
  plug was shoved deep into both of us! We screamed simultaneously, as it was
  too much! As cruel as you think that is, now that we have your pussy where
  we want it! That going to make sure it stays that way, beside it will help
  with the swelling! As we're going to rape you again tomorrow!  
Sleep well pet! They left giggling and soon I got the joke! Jade's pussy
  started to spasm until finally it spasm uncountable the rest of the night!
  Her strong pussy muscles would clamp down on my aching cock and we would torture
  each other till they came for us! There would be no rest for either of us tonight,
  my second sleepless night!  
Morning came and so did the Mistresses. Fear set in as the door swung open.
  I had know idea how I could endure another day. My body was still in tremendous
  pain and I knew my ass couldn't take another assault like yesterday. They said
  nothing, as they unchained us. They just took Jade away!  
I was free and alone, as I turned my head I saw they had left the door open!
  My mind races, as I saw an opportunity to escape. I jumped from the table and
  headed for the door! 2 steps from the door my whole world went dark and I crash
  to the floor! As I tried to get up I notices a pair a legs standing in front
  of me!  
They grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me to my knees, as I looked
  up I saw Chris's untamed strawberry bush! LOOK AT ME YOU FOOLISH SLAVE I told
  you that collar was special! The boundaries of your freedom are 2 steps from
  that door, so when you cross the boundary you activated your collar! Hurts
  doesn't it? Mistress Yes! A hard lesson one of many! NOW WERE YOU TRYING TO
  ESCAPE? Mistress please! THAT'S NOT AN ANSWER!  
I knew no matter what I said it wouldn't be what she wanted to hear, so I
  went with the truth hoping she would have mercy on me! Mistress Yes! Where
  did you think you were going to go without any cloths! Tears rolled, as I was
  lost for words! I ASKED YOU A QUESTION? Mistress please I didn't think that
  far ahead! YOU DIDN'T THINK AT ALL! Did you really think it would be that FUCKING
  EASY??? Mistress Please! WRONG FUCKING ANSWER!!!!!  
I see yesterday didn't teach you a thing and you have chosen the hard path!
  Well we were going to break you slow, but now we're going to finish this today!
  I promise you when we're done their will be nothing left of you, but a mindless
  shell. Just waiting for us to program you into an obedient little Bitch! Mistress
  please I'll do anything! I know you will! But I'm fair so I'll give you 2 chances
  to show me that's true! Mistress Anything!!!  
Open your mouth pet and don't you dare miss one drop or I'll double what
  I'm planning to do. She pulled me into her pussy and almost instantly her foul
  nectar was flowing. I was chocking it down when she said relax your almost
  done! My whole world exploded, as I was kick in the balls and doubled over
  in pain. She pissed on me as I rolled around in agony! Ahhhh just one more
  chance!  
Tasha grabbed me! Don't miss one drop or its double again! I try to beg for
  more time, but she forced me into her pussy! Her nectar flowed freely! Hmmm
  almost done pet and again my world exploded, as I'm kicked in the balls again!
  I screamed uncontrollable and flailed around the floor. She finishes pissing
  on me! Tasha grabs me! Pet this is going to be the longest day of your life!
  COME!!!!  
My head and hands were locked in a stock! From the floor a long skinny bar
  with a gigantic butt plug was pushed into me! Then apiece was attached to the
  bar forced my balls to be separate between the bar holding the butt plug! My
  legs were spread and lock in place. I didn't get the significance of all this
  until Tasha's hand traced down my butt to my now fully exposed balls! Look
  at me! Mistress Please! Shut-up not another word!  
When this beaten is over you'll be unconscious! But you'll remember it the
  rest of you life! Mistress Please! Shush no more talking! They started with
  paddles, they move to riding crops and then canes! The relentlessly beating
  started mid thigh to the top of my ass and back! My balls were targeted regularly
  and my screams only fuel this sadistic pair thirst for pain! The last thing
  I remembered was Chris showing me a Bullwhip!!!  
Someone pours a bucket of ice water over my head. Still foggy soon the pain
  from the beating becomes surreal, as tears flow freely from my eyes. Then I
  notice Tasha was wearing the Horn and heading behind me! Mistress please I
  can't take anymore! OH!! Pet this day is far from over as Chris approaches
  with a large dildo for my mouth! You know the drill, suck you little BITCH!  
Mistress please I can't take anymore! She laughs! What do you mean you can't
  take anymore! You haven't been asked to do anything that none of us can't do,
  so don't tell me you can't! Your lucky you passed out during your beating!
  What a pussy, you only lasted an hour and a half! Hell Jade lasted 3 hours!
  Now shut up and get busy!  
Ice water again wakes me! It was Jade and the Sisters were nowhere in sight!
  Jade speaks to me for the first time! Stop fighting this and just do what they
  say! The faster you accept your new life the easier it will get! Jade please
  free me! I can't! Now be quiet and let me finish treating your wounds and then
  I'll feed you!  
When she was done with my wounds she fed me, it had been the first thing
  in 2 days! Eat slowly, your stomach has shrink and the last thing you need
  is a sore stomach! I was starving, beating to a pulp and rape repeatedly without
  mercy. I cried throughout my meal and Jade actually comforted me, Shhhh it's
  all right you have a couple hours before they come back! I fell asleep under
  her gentle touch!  
I didn't here them come in, as I was awoke by Tasha's touch! Tonight we finish
  breaking you! Then we'll train you to be a proper little Bitch! Hell I'm surprised
  your still alive, but I'm glad you are! It means you're very strong and fit
  perfectly with our plans! We're going to enjoy you for along time! Now its
  time to finish this! Ok Boys!  
Now standing in front of me are six men! None of them were well-hung, but
  it was too much for me to bare!! Tasha grabbed my face! No man will ever touch
  you again, unless of course you really piss me off! But tonight you're their
  little sissy fuck toy! Boy's he hates the idea of being a sissy! Noooooooo,
  Mistress please!  
Tasha grabbed me again! Don't you dare fight this or tomorrow it will be
  10 well-hung men! Mistress Please don't leave me alone please! Oh I understand
  your scared pet! Don't be, they're all very healthy slaves like you! Beside
  look at them, none of them have a magnificent cock like yours, but they haven't
  cum in months and you might be the only opportunity they get to cum for months
  to come, as their Mistresses are very cruel!!!!  
She left laughing and I was completely at their mercy! One of the men grabs
  my face! I hear you don't want to become a Sissy Slave; well today you become
  one of us! WOW this boy took some beaten! HOLY-SHIT would you look at the cock
  and balls on this Sissy!!!! Quit admiring his package and lube his ass up!  
They split up into teams and started fucking me! There savage assault left
  no hole untouched! When it was over I had given no less than 10 blowjobs and
  was fucked that many times or more! My face was covered in cum and it was leaking
  from every orifice. One of them scoops up a wade of cum leaking from my ass
  and forced me to eat it!  
Welcome to the club, as you're a sissy cocksucking Slave now and here are
  the pictures to prove it! The humiliation was more then I could bare! Bad enough
  I had to endure the rape, which was painful in its own right, but it was on
  film! When I thought it was over they beat me and kicked me in the balls till
  I was unconscious!  
Jade woke me up with smelling salts and I started crying immediately! The
  rape didn't really do any physical damage, didn't have to I was already damage
  by the sisters! But I never had been force to endure anything so humiliating
  in my life and knowing it was on film was just too much! My mind was spinning
  out of control and I didn't know who I was or what was happening to me!  
The sisters arrived and started taunting me! So how's our little sissy cocksucking
  Slave! Mistress no more please no more! I'm yours slave please no more men!
  They just started laughing! See Chris It always being fuck by another man that
  fucks them all up! He ready for the finally phase of this! Yes he is, I'll
  be back in a sec. pet!  
Tasha left and came back wearing The Horn, MISTRESS NO please I can't do
  it! ENOUGH, if you want this to end you'll push The Horn into yourself and
  beg me to fuck you! Without hesitation or thought I impaled myself on The Horn
  and begged her to fuck him! The pain was beyond anything I could imagine and
  Tasha wasted no time in giving me what ask for! Soon she was ferociously pounding
  in and out of me!  
My mind went blank and soon the pain became pleasure! The pleasure was unreal
  and it consumed my entire body! Without knowing I was involuntary bucking back
  to meet her every stroke and was now on the edge of a cosmic orgasm! Then the
  cruelest of all her acts took place!! She stopped and pulled out of me! Mistress
  NOOOooooo! My body kept bucking back fucking the air!  
Chris grabbed me! Now settle down pet! Look at you; you're all fucked up
  and begging like a little bitch, but that was the plan! Tasha this bitch needs
  to cum! Yeah and he don't care how it happens, look at his hungry pussy pumping
  buck looking for a cock to satisfy him! Soon enough my little Bitch! My body
  was there and they knew it!  
Mistress Please I need to cum! Oh I know, but you'll cum when we're ready
  to let you and not until then, now shush understand? Mistress yes! But soon
  my hungrier to cum was unbearable! Mistress! WHAT! Mistress please just fuck
  me! Oh you little slut now your going to wait even longer! You'll learn to
  keep your mouth shut, now shush!  
 They toyed with me until my blood boiled! My mind was completely blank now!
  My responses became condition reflexes! Mistress please I can't stand, I'll
  do anything! You were told to keep you mouth shut, but anything it is! They
  fucked me without mercy learning my bodies needs and craving, soon they knew
  it better then me!  
 Finally Tasha asked me what I wanted! I was completely on autopilot and
  like a cock-crazed slut I begged! Mistress please fuck me! Chris laughed! Tasha
  just said theirs nothing like a man on the edge so fragile and controllable!
  I know! Time to end this Sister! Agreed! I heard everything, but was completely
  helpless!  
There was nothing left of me now, but an empty shell awaiting input! They
  started asking me questions that would actually program me to do things or
  crave things! My answering would only reinforce my need to do or crave that
  very thing! I was like a sponge absorbing everything they asked, as they programmed
  me!  
Finally Chris told me to beg her to fuck me! Mistress please fuck me! Hmmmm
  not good enough, beg Chris to eat her pussy, while I fuck you! Mistress Chris
  please let me eat your pussy while Mistress Tasha fucks me! That did it and
  in one mighty thrust! Chris RAMMED The Horn into me!  
My whole world exploded completely erasing the memories of my old life leaving
  only what they had programmed! Then the most intense orgasm of my life took
  over my body! Waves of pleasure ravaged my wanting body, as I bucked into The
  Horn over and over! Cum spewed from my massive cock covering me and then I
  collapsed completely spent! It took me almost an hour to recover and Chris
  pulled me from her luscious pussy!  
Tasha I bet the little bitch never had an orgasm like that before! Bitch
  you ever have an orgasms like that before! Ma'am No! One Thing! Ma'am yes!
  When did you ask for permission to cum! I was coherent now and panic set-in,
  as I knew I was in trouble! Ma'am please I wont do it again! I'm sure of that
  and she crushed my balls! Remember pet there are no freebies! Understand? Reeling
  in pain I finally answered Mistress yes!  
Then Tasha's black eyes peered into my soul! Still very fragile she made
  me hers FOREVER! Pet I'm your WORLD; I'll take care of all your needs and desires!
  You exist for my pleasure and to serve me! I'll decide when you receive pleasure
  or pain and I don't need a reason to inflict the latter! Christina and I are
  one; make sure you treat her accordingly! You'll die without our touch, understand?
  Mistress you are my world and I will die without your touch!!! Very good my
  pet now rest!!!  
I was left alone for a quite a while, as my body healed! I think they drugged
  me, as I slept allot! Chris finally woke me by rubbing my hairless body and
  I felt so alive! Oh how good you feel pet and you wont have to worry about
  it growing back, as I had it removed permanently while you were asleep!  
Come with me to the mirror pet I have something to show you! As I moved I
  realized I had a large butt plug in my ass and my cock was locked away in a
  chastity device! How's my slave? Ma'am Ok! Good! Move slowly bitch that's a
  big cock in your ass, but then again I know how much you love a big cock!  
As I approached the mirror I saw what she had done to me! My nipples were
  pierced; my cock had been pierced in several places to ensure the chastity
  device work properly and my chest had a large tattoo!  Tasha
  and Christina Fuck Toy  and a picture of a man on all fours being fucked
  in the mouth and ass by two Amazons!  
 Now open your mouth, see your tongue is pierced too! That will maximize
  the pleasure you'll gives us with that magnificent tongue! I started to cry!
  She laughs! I love tears of Joy; I was right about you, you're a strong one!
  Only an exceptionally strong man could have survived that much abuse! Mistress
  I have know idea how I survived, I think it was a miracle! Nonsense!  
Come with me! See this man, he needs a blowjob! Without a thought I dropped
  to my knees and began blowing him! I had a hungrier to blow him beyond my own
  control and my mouth had only one desire to get every drop of his pearly nectar!
  I sucked his dick until he exploded and I did just that! Very good Pet! Mistress
  I live to please you! Oh I know, as you're well trained! She laughed as she
  said or should I say programmed!  
As I thought about what I just done, I began to cry again and had a complete
  melt down! Tasha came for me and pulled my head into her lap! I heard Tasha
  yell at Chris! I told you he was still too fragile! Lighten up sister; he's
  our pet after all! You've falling for this slave! Don't be silly; he's just
  the first to survive in along time and I like to keep it that way, as we do
  have plans! I guess your right and he is adorable!  
Pet what's wrong? Ma'am I'm all fuck up! Why? Ma'am didn't you see what I
  just did and I like it! The butt plug in my ass feels good! My cocks locked
  away and I don't care! I have all these crazy thoughts and freaky desires in
  my head! I'm not gay or masochist! Or am I? I don't know who or what I am!
  That's easy you're our SLAVE!  
Pet we planted allot of thoughts deep into your subconscious when we broke
  you too make your life easier to except! Your not gay or a freak! You're just
  a slave whose thoughts and desires now meet your Mistresses needs! Mistress
  then I'm not fucked up!! Nope just the PREFECT SLAVE! She stroked my hair tenderly
  as she comforted me!  
My nose caught her scent and I was overwhelmed with a hungrier to eat her
  pussy I wanted it 10X more then that cock I just had! All I could think about
  was licking her into oblivion! Mistress I have to eat you! I know, but I'm
  not READY so you'll suffer until I am! Suffer I did, as I began to hurt while
  the craving overwhelmed! My desires now control me! I had to do something to
  get my mind off her scent!  
Ma'am! Yes! Ma'am can I ask some questions! SURE! Ma'am how do you think
  I survived and why are you being so hard on me! Well I'll answer your second
  question first! You were told there were 2 ways to do things Hard or Easy!
  When tried to escape you pick the hard way and have to deal with the consequences
  of that choice! You're just lucky we're so good at this and you're so strong,
  as you could have DIED! You'll never forget that day and I'm betting it won't
  be the last like it! She laughed!!!  
As to how you survived! Christina and I were talking about that very thing!
  Chris says you were DESTINE to be a slave, OUR slave! You like bondage and
  I think you the pain, as you get so excited and scream or maybe it's I get
  excited as you scream! Either way it's great for me! But the biggest tell;
  was when Chris enslaved you! You never once threaten her; you only begged for
  her to free you! Only a truly submissive man would do that! YES PET DESTINY!
  My tears never stop and flowed down her beautiful leg!  
Pet you still have no idea what your part of now! Mistress No! Pet Tasha
  and I are Members of a large Secret Society of Women Supremacist! Men are inferior
  to WOMEN and as such need to be DOMINATED and RULED! But only the strongest
  men, who can handle the most extreme torture, will be selected as our slaves!
  Then we decided only a very well endowed slaves would do for us! Our search
  was really going nowhere; then destiny stepped in and brought you to us!  
Tasha you're really taken by this slave! Christina you can't tell me your
  not! This truly is DESTINY! How many men have survived what we put him through?
  None! Look at him, he's putty in our hands to do with what we want! Well we
  programmed him to be just that! Yes we did and he's also a great piece of ass!
  Pet plan on eating lots of pussy and giving up that ass of yours allot! Her
  evil laugh went right through me and I cowered into her lap!!!!  
You poor thing so lost and unfulfilled hiding in a world you didn't belong!
  Then destiny stepped in and brought you to us! You went FROM A STUD TO SLAVE
  IN A WEEKEND in fulfillment of that very destiny! You'll never be lost or unfulfilled
  again and soon you'll fulfill the rest of your destiny, as your going to father
  the next generation of this family! MISTRESS! Yes its true!  
My tears never stopped nor did her fingers running through my hair! Her gentle
  touch reassuring and comforting me! Pet stop crying; soon we'll truly love
  you, as we're allowed to love a man, as long as he's our Slave and he Never
  forgets his place! Besides you're going too father our children that should
  make you happy! For your sake I hope they're girls because you'll be rewarded
  for girls and PUNISH SEVERELY for boys!  
Pet serve Chris and me freely, and you'll be loved! You'll also be free to
  walk the house as our father did, but you'll never go beyond the gates again!
  The collar will see to that! This is your home now and it will be as comfortable
  or uncomfortable as you make it! This is your Destiny; don't fight this anymore,
  as you know how cruel we can make this! Ma'am Yes I know and I'm crying because
  I know what your saying is True!  
Mistress I really hated the stud label, as I've never met the right woman
  or been sexually satisfied! Then you enslaved me and the sexually pleasure
  was mind blowing! Yes you did cum pretty hard! Mistress I've always known I
  was meant to serve a woman and wouldn't be happy till I was! The sisters busted
  out laughing!  
Christina this was to easy, I know! Mistress! Yes! Mistress what was to easy!
  Private joke pet! Mistress this really was destiny and I ran from it for a
  long time! I'm sure that's what you think! You can't rush DESTINY it just comes
  to you when it's time! NOW EAT ME! I couldn't get to her luscious pussy fast
  enough, as her scent was driving me crazy and I was aching to please her! I
  licked my Queen into oblivion!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  UBisSub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





