BDSM Library - Juanita's Needlework




Juanita's Needlework
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After her initial interrogation, Juanita is brought back for a second session of torture at the skilled hands of Colonel Marcos and Lieutenat Anna Perez. This time it is Anna's probing needles that bring her to screaming agony.
Juanita's Needlework - Interrogation Three

By Cortez

This is the third episode in the story series that begins with 'The Electric
Crab' and 'The Copper Cup'.  Both Juanita and Maria have suffered one session at
the hands of Colonel Marcos and his Lieutenant, Anna Perez. Now, having had a
chance to recover a little, Juanita has been brought back to the torture chamber
for her second session...

Jose and the other guard dragged Juanita into the chamber. She was shivering
violently and a sheen of sweat gleamed on her deep olive skin. Despite the
vicious grip on her arms, she was still trying desperately, and futilely, to
shield the full globes of her breasts from any more of their attentions. Colonel
Marcos and Lieutenant Perez, watching as the guards forced her into the pool of
light, saw that the eighteen year old girl's long dark nipples were still
painfully swollen and red from the bite of the little steel 'crabs' and the
electrical torture she endured only a few hours before.

'Ah Juanita,' the colonel purred.  'As you will have realised...it's time for
you to entertain us once more. No more of that unpleasant saddle you see...this
time you can use the chair... Do please sit down whilst Jose makes you
comfortable...' Without time to react, Juanita was hustled across to where an
ominous-looking, and heavily constructed, wooden chair stood in the lights
opposite the torture saddle she'd ridden in such agony a few hours ago.

'Well, go on, sit down' the colonel's soft voice insisted. Juanita started
wildly as she looked down, seeing the ominous gaping space where the seat should
have been, the short curved thigh supports at the front of each side rail and
the network of thick straps bolted to the woodwork. Laughing at her realisation
that this was just another torture device; the guards twisted her round, pushing
her back until she could feel the low crossbar against her calves. Then, they
released her arms. Jose, the sergeant, pinched one nipple between his
nicotine-stained fingers and laughed at her obvious terror. 'Better sit now
girlie... or you want us to do it for you...?' Trying to keep clear of his
brutal fingers she lowered herself into the chair frame, spreading her knees as
she sat to get the minimal support of the two pads under her thighs.

Instinctively, she braced herself against the wooden backrest, hands clamped
tightly on the polished arms, trying to hold position as she felt her
unsupported bottom slipping further downwards. Jose and the other guard, still
laughing at her plight, wasted no time as they strapped her at ankles, wrists
and knees before moving on to fasten the wide thigh straps. Finally they took a
particular pleasure in tightening the broad bellyband under her trembling
breasts, each of them tweaking and tormenting her abused nipples as they cinched
it tight, forcing he back against upright back so movement was almost
impossible.

As they finished, Lieutenant Anna Perez walked across to the shivering, captive
girl, a broomstick in her hands. She chuckled, watching Juanita's panic-stricken
reaction. 'Oh dear, poor darling, did you think that this was to hit you with?'
She chuckled as she handed the broomstick to Jose. 'Don't worry, my pretty
little thing, in a little while I'll have you praying for something as mild as a
simple beating. All right, Jose, brace her up!' 

From behind the chair, the other guard grabbed Juanita's elbows, pulling them
back violently until they stuck out behind the backrest. Jose jammed the
broomstick between one elbow and the frame and then pushed it across and out
through the crook of the other elbow. Immediately, Juanita was held immobile,
arms strained backwards, wrists strapped tight to the chair's arms. Locked in
the embrace of the torture chair, Juanita could now do nothing to protect the
heavy globes of her breasts and the soft, sensitive valley of her sex from the
lieutenant's cruel and expert attentions.

The colonel studied the sudden play of light across her sweat-beaded skin as
Juanita wriggled and flexed her muscles, desperate to find some movement, some
way of shielding her body from the agony she knew must come. He smiled to
himself as he noticed that, just as she always did, Anna Perez was stroking the
soft curves of the girl's out-thrust breasts very softly as she whispered. 'Now,
little Juanita, how are those tits of yours after the little crabs have been at
them? Just let me feel if you're ready for me this time...'

The lieutenant grinned at the squeals of agony as she rolled the swollen teats
in her hands, enjoying the sensation as she felt them thickening and hardening
between her clever, twisting fingers. 'Oh darling, what a noise, but they're so
sore, aren't they. Shhh, no more of the little crabs for now, I've got something
else for you this time...' She stopped as she heard Colonel Marcos cough gently
behind her

'Listen to me...' the colonel spoke almost gently, his tone quiet and
reasonable. 'Juanita, it's all your own fault... since you still refuse to tell
me anything we must try other ways of loosening that stubborn tongue of yours.
Let me tell you what comes next...' He paused, listening to the panting terror
of the girl in the chair, 'as we both enjoy the effect they have, Lieutenant
Perez is going to use some delightfully long needles on your most sensitive
places.'

Juanita's mouth opened in soundless protest as she saw the slim, glinting
instruments in Anna Perez's hands for the first time. Each needle was four
inches long; shining steel and mounted in a wooden handle. 'You understand, my
dear? Just imagine how it will feel as Lieutenant Perez slowly pushes one of
those little toys into the very centre of a nipple... or slowly up into your
body through your cunt, perhaps? No...? Well, I'm rather afraid, Juanita, you
will have a chance to show both exactly how it fells in a very few moments...'

Anna Perez placed the bundle of torture needles on a little glass-topped table
by Juanita's side, making sure that they were positioned so that she could
continue to stare at them  'You fucking animal, you, you... I've told you we
DON'T KNOW what you want. Stop all this; please stop you'll kill us if you go
on. Please have mercy, please, please! NOOoooooo!' Juanita fought wildly against
the ropes and straps, the leather cuffs creaking as she strained and tugged
uselessly in her bonds.

'Now, now Juanita, don't exhaust yourself too soon. Look, you can just relax for
a moment... Lieutenant Perez has only just picked up one of the needles and
you'll need all your energy in a moment I assure you... Unless you have
something to say to me... before your start screaming?'

Anna Perez grinned at her boss's remarks as she sat down on a small, backless
office stool and rolled it to the side of the torture chair. She paused as Jose
put a blue plastic bucket under the chair before picking up the first of the
long, shiny needles. Taking a firm grip on the wooden handle, she ran the tip
down the upper curve of Juanita's left breast very gently.

'Oh my darling, I love this part of my work,' she breathed as she watched
Juanita's frozen expression. 'See this... this is going all the way into your
breast. Oh, it will hurt sooo much you'll probably lose control and pee into
that bucket Jose has just put under you.' The needle's tip circled the wide
brown aureole, scratching a thin red line and making Juanita gasp with the
sudden stinging pain. 'Do you want to guess where I'm going to start pushing it
in? No... well you probably know the answer anyway...'

Seeing the colonel nod his permission to begin, Anna Perez cupped her other hand
gently under the heavy globe, lifting it up so that the long, swollen nipple was
pointing out towards the colonel's interested gaze. 'Ready darling?' She curved
her finger and thumb round, holding the nipple firmly between them, then pressed
the needle against the very tip. Holding her breath with excitement, she watched
the point dent the peak of the tender stub and then, oh so slowly, begin to
slide into the nerve-rich flesh.

'AAAAARRRRRGGGGHHH! NOOOOoooooooo!' 

An inhuman scream ripped through the thick air of the chamber. Juanita went
rigid with agony, tendons standing out like steel wires and every muscle locked
solid as the needle slowly travelled down the length of her nipple. The
lieutenant waited for the first wave of pain to subside then jogged it up and
down, only a fraction, but enough to wring a second anguished scream from the
tethered girl.

'OOOHHHHGODNOOOOOOOOO!'

The eighteen-year-old girl's demented screaming continued as the needle was
slowly twisted and pushed down into the meat of her breast. Finally, the
lieutenant let the soft weight fall back onto the Juanita's chest, sitting back
with a sated expression on her face, leaving the little wooden handle jutting
obscenely from the centre of the skewered nipple.

'No names yet? So, my darling, shall we try the right one now?' Anna Perez
whispered to the shivering girl, using one hand to stroke the sweat-soaked black
hair away from Juanita's pain-wracked face. 'Shhh, what's that... stop...?
Darling, we've only just started, of course I won't stop. Oh yes it hurts so
much I know... But it's meant to, my darling, that's the idea. No, no swearing
please... all I want are the names... Perhaps, if you tell me what I want...
then I'll stop using the needles. Perhaps, if you're very good, I'll let you
watch me using the little crabs on Maria's clit instead...'

Whilst she was tormenting and teasing the girl, the lieutenant moved her stool
round to the other side of the chair. She picked up the second needle, lifting
the soft weight of the young student's right breast in her other hand as she did
so. Juanita jerked as she felt the lieutenant's hand cupping her other breast,
saw the needle, and began to pant and gasp frantically. The eighteen year old
stared into the calm, black eyes of her torturer, seeing the hot, cruel
anticipation in their depths as the lieutenant waited for her to realise the
agony that was about to begin all over again...

The pleas were even more frantic this time. 'P-p-p-please, n-n-n-no, not there,
no, you can't, Oh don't, oh God don't....' She looked down, watching the fingers
tightening, holding the swollen stub of her flesh out and ready for....

'AAAAAAGGGGGHHH!'

This time the scream was higher and louder as the needle began its slow
remorseless journey into her body. In one of the short silences between the
screams, a silence broken only by Juanita's ragged, racing breathing, everyone
was suddenly aware of the sound of running water. Just as the lieutenant had
predicted, Juanita had given way and was now peeing uncontrollably as the agony
of the needles took her to the limits of endurance.

The lieutenant let the tortured globe dangle beside the other one, the two
wooden handles sticking down like obscene teats, moving slightly as tremors
wracked Juanita's sweetly curved figure. Intent on building on the agony, Anna
Perez slid her fingers between the widely parted thighs, sliding them in the
wetness of the young student's cunt as she fondled the naked lips with slow,
intimate movements.

'Aaah, nooo, no don't make me m-m-m-move...' The cry was whispered in a broken,
hoarse voice as Juanita tried to ignore the wicked masturbation, anything to
prevent the embedded needles moving within the flesh of her breasts.

'Oh darling, you didn't think I was only going to use two of my little
needles... not when there's all these places down in here that you will feel so
much more. Perhaps that naughty pee-hole in a moment but first...' One finger
tip diddled against the opening of Juanita's urethra bringing another desperate
surge against the straps. The lieutenant's fingers moved again feeling for that
special spot...'Oh, there it is! What's hiding under this little hood here? Is
that nice, Juanita, no, no I understand that wriggling hurts so much, but if I
just stroke this little button here....'

'Oh God, ah, ah no, not there, p-please. Aaaaah!'

 Juanita writhed in pain and pleasure as Anna Perez expertly stroked her
clitoris into full erection. Then, the girl began shaking madly as the
lieutenant picked up the third needle. Using one hand to part the lips of the
Juanita's cunt, Anna touched the point against the small stub she had been
fondling only moments before. 'Oh darling, get ready...this one will send you
wild, I promise.'

'OH GOD! NO! MERCY, NO! NOOOOoooooooo!'

The scream was scarcely human in its pitch and volume as the needle slid
delicately into the girl's clitoris and on, up into her body. She tore at the
leather straps so that the whole chair creaked and flexed with the demented
struggles. Suddenly, the overload was too much and Juanita's head flopped
forward and she slumped forward to loll unconscious in her bonds.

Looking across to where the colonel sat, the lieutenant shrugged and carefully
withdrew the needle from the girl's cunt. She tugged the other two out as well
before getting up from the stool and stretching to ease the cramp in her back
muscles. Efficiently, she checked the racing pulse in the girl's neck and said.
'Only another fainting spell, she'll come round in a few moments, sir. No marks
so far, I've removed the needles so that she can have the delight of watching me
put them back in again later if necessary. Should we go back to Maria?'

'No, wake this one up and we'll try the needles again, up the urethra perhaps,
or right up inside but I don't think she's got anything to tell us. If there's
nothing we'll call it a day and see if the patrols can pick up Maria's cousin
tonight. This one can go back in the cells for a few hours...' He chuckled. 'She
can help Maria to keep Jose and the rest of the squad happy anyway.'

'Of course, sir.' The Lieutenant swung a series of sharp slaps against Juanita's
cheeks. 'Come on, darling, no sleeping. You still haven't answered the colonel's
questions. Picking up a little glass phial she broke it under the student's
nose. Juanita jerked and bucked back to full consciousness as she breathed in
the powerful stimulant.

She stared down at her breasts and then at the little table where the six
needles glinted in the spotlights. 'Noooooo, no, no more, please I don't know
anything, no I don't p-p-p-please, please stop, stop! PLEEEEEASE!'

'Oh I'm so sorry Juanita... no names means another needle.' The lieutenant
picked up one of the evil looking objects. The point caressed each nipple in
turn bringing fresh pleas and screams from the writhing girl 'Now, we've tried
those and you know what it's like going through your clit but... Lets see if
that naughty little pee-hole of yours can help you remember some more...'

Uh, uh, n-n-n-not there, no, no you won't no please. P-p-p-p....'

The pleas died away as Juanita bent her head to watch the lieutenant kneeling
between her knees. Once more, the gentle, knowing fingers parted her labia and
began to stroke the soft, wet inner membranes of her cunt. Despite the lingering
pain in her clitoris Juanita could feel the tingle of sexual arousal as Anna
Perez fondled her most secret flesh. One finger, then two probed up into the
moist, wet opening of her vagina, bringing gasps of pleasure from the pinioned
girl as she responded to the slow finger fucking from the woman kneeling before
her.

The pleasure vanished as Juanita saw the lieutenant holding the needle in her
right hand as her left continued sliding sensuously in and out of her body.
Juanita screamed once, briefly, as the lieutenant probed for the sensitive
little opening she sought. Then she jolted, just as though she'd received
another electric shock, as the point found the tiny opening.

'Oh Juanita darling, that's it isn't it, Now, are you ready to scream a little
more now...?' Without wanting, or waiting for an answer, the Lieutenant slowly
twisted the wooden handle, working the needle up the wildly sensitive channel of
Juanita's urethra. This time the screams rang through the chamber for a full
five minutes as she carefully wormed the needle deeper and deeper. Every so
often she stopped, withdrew it slightly and then pressed it in once more, bring
fresh agony to the pain blazing though her victim's cunt.

Juanita's voice was cracked and hoarse with screaming as the needle reached full
depth. 'Names, Juanita, give us the names...' the colonel demanded. Lieutenant
Perez took a fresh grip on the wooden handle and slowly began to twist it round
in a circle, working the tip against the delicate tissues deep inside Juanita's
cunt. The extra lancing agony was the final straw and Juanita, despite the
stimulants she'd been given only quarter of an hour before, collapsed in another
dead faint.

Lieutenant Perez tugged the needle free, dropping it with a clatter on the
tabletop. 'You were right, sir. I don't think this one has anything to tell us
after all.' She paused, watching as Jose and the guard unstrapped the
unconscious girl from the torture chair. 'But we could try her with the
electricity again tomorrow...'   

Cortez
To be continued...
    
Cortez	Juanita's Needlework




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





