BDSM Library - The Accidental Surgeon




The Accidental Surgeon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story set in ancient times pits the evil Soporanus against the nubile Katana. It is meant only for those for whom extreme fiction is desired. Part Two will shortly follow.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture, sex and crucifixion. Please do not read further if any of
these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

This constitutes PART ONE of The Accidental Surgeon.

Your sole enjoyment and cooperation in not using this story in any other
application without the express permission of the author is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar



The Accidental Surgeon



	Centuries would pass before the arrival of castles and shining knights;
for now courage and stamina necessarily meant more to royals. The ability to
defend from attackers took precedence over noblesse oblige. Parental training
coupled with individual talents in the martial arts had, until now, successfully
defended those lands. But overwhelmed by attacking forces her royal court now
consisted of a dusty lot baked by broiling sun, attendants fat black bodied
flies and the occasional curious lizard. She knelt held, wrists lashed behind
her back, a course noose around her neck, tethered like a common animal. Despite
the humiliating defeat and followed by hours spent kneeling, cracked and parched
earth her only kneeler, courage and stamina that had served well in the past
refused to yield; Katana fought the bindings, frustrated once more as her
bondage held. Now a prisoner stripped of all regalia except for a cowhide top
and skirt. Humble though the brief ensemble was its owner announced a truly
regal bearing despite unwittingly firing a cauldron of lust to too many. A
remarkable chest shown above the leather, tops of breasts rolling forth like
creamy clouds bursting for freedom, their effect accentuated by bare muscled
arms pulled behind. A dramatic narrowing led to a tight waist that later swelled
to curvaceous hips atop defined thighs. What one could see, and there was much
to see, left little doubt of the warrior's sex. Mussed golden strands loosed in
the tussle framed a living portrait of pulchritude that featured full rose lips
and intelligent hazel eyes ablaze with sparkle. A portrait composed on a honeyed
vanilla complexion canvas currently overheated in the merciless sun. Katana
shifted restlessly. She wished she could reach her eyelids, but with hands
pinned behind she could only blink her eyes clear.
	
	Human activity stirred past shimmering waves of heat at the far end of
the lot. Katana willed her eyes to see. Two soldiers appeared and marched
closer. Coarse hair covering stout legs came into greater focus. Rustling mail
signaled their imminent arrival. Flies panicked and scattered. She pretended to
ignore the men and stared down at the jagged cuts above deep crevasses torn in
the dried dirt. Lizards sensitive to too much had long since scurried away.
"You! Up!" Katana continued to keep her face cast downward. "Here," one of them
growled as he slid ands under her arms and lifted. "You come."



	"If they must insist on a female to lead them, they at least picked one
with looks." Katana thought she recognized the speaker by its seedy voice alone
but the sole light in the gloomy chamber came from above and the voice came from
the darkness. A shaft of sunlight poured down from a ceiling grate. She and the
two who had brought her stood in its illumination. The rest of the room was
impossible to see. One of the men took a knee. She felt his fingers undoing the
straps of her boots. The other undid her wrists. Katana held them before her.
For a moment she saw the raw lines struggles with the rope had incurred. "Cuff
her wrists and ankles," the disembodied, somewhat familiar voice said.

	Katana glanced at the thick veins glistening down her forearms as metal
cuffs locked around each wrist. With her boots her feet felt cooler on the stone
floor. Hands pulled apart her legs, a feeling similar to the action on her
wrists snapped around her ankles. Into the beam of light pointed a gnarled
finger. The ring atop the extended digit signified its owner, her torturer.
Soporanus, the evil despot so vile even his own people could hardly stand him,
sent by superiors distant enough so that he could indulge his sadistic
depravity, yet close enough that the pervert's wildest indulgences did not miss
their governing attention. Despite the gleaming impressiveness of the ring's
golden seal, the index finger bearing it looked like some rotted miniature wagon
wheel spindle cast too long underwater. The finger with its ring shook. "You may
know that I am Soporanus, appointed leader of this region." A blast of fury met
her nemesis even as shackles snapped at locked ankles and chains pulled out
arms, effectively negating any counterattack.
	
	"What you may not be aware of is our peoples' respect for the tolerance
of pain. All regardless of sex or station in life aim to so heed this
expectation." More of her enemy came into view. The rest of him looked every bit
as mottled and barnacled as his rotted finger. Purple hues of the toga draping
the cadaverous looking Soporanus echoed what the ring announced. "Especially our
leaders ...and other so-called leaders such as yourself. That is why I have
prepared for this moment in advance. A challenge to your integrity as a leader
if you will."
	
	Stooped and balding, the man had to be over sixty Katana thought. His
breath reeked. She moved to strike the leering face but chains locked to wrist
manacles caught any hope of forward motion. The stymied effort frustrated "Today
we will attempt to break you. Learn what you can and cannot take both as a woman
and of course as I mentioned a leader. No doubt you will break. Tomorrow when
you are crucified will of course be much more public than our somewhat exclusive
meeting here. But feel free to yell your head off anytime and forget about
retaining any notion of respect. We won't mind..."

	Katana peered into the darkness facing her. From the gloom she heard
others chuckle. All that was visible was a solid wall of black. She looked back
to Soporanus who briefly turned and then pulled a small table into the sunlight.
Many of the instruments on the table she recognized, some she did not. "My
friends do have fun at times," Soporanus said as he acknowledged the others and
stood alongside the table with its small polished tools. "Laughing especially
when I tell them of my hobby as a surgeon. An accident helped me along, really.
One day when I was a young general returning from some victory or other our
local surgeon just keeled over. Naturally as the commander in charge, I took
over the poor man's responsibilities. When all was said and done, I kept his
equipment and that brings us here with you today."
	
	Katana wanted to spit in his gap-tooth face but held to a mere snarl.
More frustration raged as she again fought the restricting chains. Instinct
spurred the urge to lash out and then she held back. Teeth clenched as she saw
Soporanus gingerly lift a small scalpel from the table into the sunlight as if
to inspect the keenness of its finely honed edge and say in his wheezy voice, "
Let's start with that top of yours, shall we? It does need to first be removed
before we can truly begin to judge just how well you can earn our respect and
meet our...expectations."




The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture, sex and crucifixion. Please do not read further if any of
these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

This constitutes PART TWO of The Accidental Surgeon.

Your sole enjoyment and cooperation in not using this story in any other
application without the express permission of the author is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar



The Accidental Surgeon
 Part TWO



	Katana tensed. She braced for the riot of thunder spearing her chest.
Ironically it was all sparked by a tiny prick at the base of her left nipple.
Just like her right. She turned her head away, not caring to witness her
tormentor's craft. Now both were pierced. Weight from the second lead throbbed
as it was fitted in place.
	
	"Very nice," Soporanus said as he inspected his work. Daylight from the
grate above angled differently than when they had first arrived. Tiny down mixed
with shiny droplets on her skin caught in the sun's rays. Beneath heavy curves
shadows deeper. Soporanus cupped one tit and hefted its firm, though pliable
mass. Portions of the bluish-gray metal shone. Tracing up the sweating body
Soporanus saw that her eyes remained shut as they had when he first applied the
ferrum candens. "So much for calling this little thing the "bloodless knife"",
he said. He returned the stained implement to his collection and used a cloth to
dab away thin crimson trails winding down from each nipple. "You accept pain
rather well, not that what you just endured caused one so brave much anguish."
	
	Katana slowly faced forward and opened her eyes. Light from the grate
above revealed more than she had been able to see before. Ahead rose a relieving
arch and brick facade. Seated on a low bench attached to it were the shadows of
four other men. One looked to be some sort of official by the dimly visible
striped long toga he wore. The others appeared more military in dress. She
swallowed slowly and spotted Soporanus's bent figure to her left. He motioned
for something. Scraping noises across the floor drowned out the sound of her own
hurried breathing. "Surgery has become a hobby, much by accident as I previously
explained, though to fully challenge your character I have resorted to less
sophisticated means." Katana sighed and clenched her fists. To each side went
her upper arms. Her elbows rose just about the height of her head. Forearms
angled out and up toward the cuffs locked to chains. The piercings did little to
stop the sweat. Half naked and in chains she was drenched
	
	"You shall see with the introduction of this next device..." From the
shadows emerged two male slaves dragging a tall post. A cylindrical metal shaft
with base, it rose past the hollow of her chest. A horizontal bar was raised
along the shaft from below and secured so that it slightly propped up the base
of each breast, the relative cold of the metal's first touch causing a mild
shock to an already heated system. The tip of Katana's nose grazed the greased
pole that topped out at her forehead. The animal stench of the shaft's thick
slime coating was unavoidable.
	
	"It also was designed by me," Soporanus muttered, referring to the
device as he unstuck the syrupy thin knife from the cloth on which it had been
placed, "but obviously has little to do with a surgeon's practice." Freeing the
tool his stooped shoulders turned back to Katana. Sliding it between one nipple
ring he lifted and then let the pale mass fall.. "You're sure to enjoy, but do
be forewarned that this challenge to your tolerance will be much more strenuous
than before."
	
	Katana's eyes tracked one of the slave's movements as he deferentially
handed Soporanus a narrow rectangular piece of metal roughly the same width of
horizontal support at the base of her chest. There was a hole in the middle of
the bar. Soporanus centered the hole over the top of the shaft and slowly
lowered it down until its coolness chilled the small hairs atop the base of her
chest. An order was given and she was pulled upwards by her arms. Her heels left
the floor; muscles tightened; rising breasts protruded into more daylight from
the ceiling. Loose chains from above were attached to each end of the metal that
nearly touched across the top of her chest.
	
	"You are just about ready," Soporanus said as he disappeared to sit with
the others in the shadows. "Note the slack in your chains. Now I know that the
physical strength of your upper body is only a fraction of what's below your
waist, however you may use whatever resources to keep the bar pressing down.
It's heavy and no doubt will hurt some if you don't lift with your arms and
back." He paused and nudged the one sitting next to him on the bench while still
addressing Katana . "You can probably already feel its weight tugging
downwards...a lesson in gravity if not courage. Oh, and remember there will be
more to follow should you succeed in keeping this one off that lovely chest of
yours."
	
	Katana's arms pointed straight up at the ceiling as the slack
diminished, carried lower by the metal. Its cold hardness touched along the base
of the tops of her breasts. Reflexively her arms bent back down. Puffing with
exertion, she peered down simmering cheeks and saw the ominous shape rise. A
gasp caught her pride of accomplishment when she spied another bar being fitted
over the shaft's tip. The second weight shot rapidly down the greased shaft. It
landed with a clang. Metal atop metal pressed down. Her head flew back with the
impact. Katana's mouth formed a scream, albeit a silent one. She did not want to
give Soporanus any satisfaction in crying out however much the shock.
	
	"She is strong," one of the men seated on the bench with Soporanus noted
as they watched the tall blond sweat profusely, alone in her efforts, shadows
defining exerting muscles. Slower this time the horizontal bars rose off of
crushed flesh.
	
	Soporanus nodded his agreement but also said, "Yes though we are not yet
through...Watch what happens when a third is added." Bewhiskered lips twisted
into a leer. Nipple rings appeared to shrink in size atop ballooning tits
already reddened in color. "Resignation under such abuse certainly is to be
expected."




The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture, sex and crucifixion. Please do not read further if any of
these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

"Macrobdella Decora" constitutes PART THREE of The Accidental Surgeon.

Your sole enjoyment and cooperation in not using this story in any other
application without the express permission of the author is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar



The Accidental Surgeon
 Part THREE

Macrobdella Decora



	Muffled conversation, the occasional rustle of a passing slave and
Soporanus's fidgeting over his tray of surgical appliances softly sounded in a
stilled chamber. Facing the men seated on the bench stood a female clad only in
a skirt revealing naked legs forming a triangle with the floor and arms pointing
toward the ceiling. A nearly solid stack of iron rods rose above swollen
mammaries barely distinguishable by color from their background. Two small rings
dully glinted from atop her pinned chest. Along the wall a throat coughed from
one of the seated men and he asked, "Is she dead?"

	Soporanus stopped what he was doing and wiped his face on his already
stained sleeve. Stooped over the table his gray mouth twisted in
acknowledgement. Phlegm choked his throat. Clearing it he said, "Oh no. Just
watch this." The practicing, but hardly perfect, surgeon wannabe selected from
his array of specialized tools and picked a favorite: his acutus, or sharp hook.
Stepping around to wall conduits winding through a macabre ornamentation lining
the doorway he approached the unconscious form from the rear, noting that even
in this suspension the hour-glass form was neither a conceit nor the trickery of
some tailor. Using the acutus Soporanus viciously raked a shallow slice from the
top of one shoulder, across the spine, past the elongated torso onto the flare
of the opposite hip.

	The effect proved spontaneous. All awakened at Katana's startled alarm.

	The void arose immediately in front of her face. A creak of light parted
near the top. Her head throbbed and chest felt numb. All Katana could remember
was the weight of three bars inexorably pressing down and then mightily fighting
to lift them with her arms and back muscles. Maybe it had been four bars, or
five or even six before she lost count, power to lift failing, arms stretching
higher, feeling like they would dislocate. A sea of lost consciousness then
engulfed. She actually preferred the gulf of that unconsciousness but the good
news now was that the lighted part she saw between the upper bars widened.
Someone was lifting them.
	
	Her head fell back. Golden rays no longer streamed in from the ceiling.
A dusky sky filled the grating once aglow with sunlight. A slave lifted up and
away the final bar. She could make out Soporanus hovering around and the seated
men. Faces now showed in firelight from lit torches. The faces appeared callous,
heedless of her plight, intent only on witnessing more of her suffering.

	"These could use some massaging to get the feeling back." The flesh
remained supple, however discolored in Soporanus's grasp. His fingers molded and
plied the firm warmth. He peered closely at Katana. No more beauty laurels for
her... Her features were more asymmetrical now: the cut cheek slightly swollen;
swelling across her forehead were she apparently banged her head growing; paler
lips now devoid of the fullness and color; once breathtaking golden hair now a
tangled mess of lank strands. He continued his particular brand of hands-on
therapy with the soft mound and then included its twin. A more natural skin
color gradually returned to both. Ringed nipples scrubbed his palms.
	
	"I mentioned your crucifixion tomorrow out in the open for all to see,
but our private little group here still has more chances today for you to prove
how well you handle pain. Keep in mind, we expect and respect a high degree of
tolerance befitting one who leads. Why, even our lowliest gladiators are
expected to ignore a finger scratch," he leered up at her blood-shot eyes, "or
whatever." Soporanus swung a final slap that snapped across both tits and said,
"She's ready. Bring it."
	
	Katana tried to pull back, but her arms felt so weak. She had to keep in
mind what she had been taught about fortitude and stamina regardless of physical
weakness. Once the stack of bars were lifted away her arms no longer shot up
straight but again bent at the elbows. Despite their new leverage though the
power did not return. Another scraping noise, this time more wooden sounding
than the noise made by the terrible metal shaft, came from behind. Afraid to
look she started, gradually loosing a sigh of relief when she felt her body
slightly lifted and supported to be seated on the table's edge. A cup of water
appeared. She eagerly gulped, splashing as she drank, feeling somewhat restored
as a trickle of the cool water escaped and dribbled down her chest. Her arms may
be sapped of strength, but a tingling sensation in her chest meant that her
breasts were still there. Quenching her thirst was a small pleasure not to be
missed, especially now that her tolerance was so deliberately tested.
	
	Soporanus appeared holding up his scalpel. "I imagine that it feels good
to be free of those bars. You probably like sitting on that table and having a
drink of water too." Katana felt once more like spitting into his smug face but
decided not to. "But you do realize that this," he said lifting up a leather
plait from her skirt damp from the spillage, "has got to go." The blade shook in
his trembling gray fingers as it slid between her lower stomach and the narrow
waistband. The sawing and slicing around her small waist began.
	
	
	
	Ankles locked to wrists forced Katana further back on her spine. The cut
across her back scraped the table's wood. The obscenity of her pose was enough
to contemplate but the shock of the cream applied to her mound caused her to
look anyway. Brown slave fingers applied the white lather between her splayed
thighs. The same fingers used a diminutive razor to shave away pubic hair
leaving bright wakes of pale skin. Soporanus appeared alongside the head of
Katana showing her his small pair of forceps and a curious circle. "This ring is
larger than the ones already in your nipples. See these tiny beads? Guess where
it goes." The scabrous pate with scattered gray wisps lowered. Her head fell
back to rest on the table. The forceps pulling out her clitoris made her wince.
Brilliant shots of colors flashed. She turned her head and gasped as it was
pierced.
	
	"We call this a speculum magnum matrices." Katana blinked up at the
construction of bronze strips with a turning knob at one end of a long screw
separating the strips. "It's really for your own good," Soporanus chortled as he
moved away along the tableside. Katana cringed as she felt her labia further
opened and the tool inserted. Thoughts of stamina and bravery flashed by. More
colored lightening exploded in her mind's eye. Despite the pain she needed to be
strong.
	
	Soporanus gave all his might but could turn the screw no more. Holding
the inserted speculum as steady as he could he motioned for a waiting slave to
ladle warm honey into the gaping orifice. Viscous overflow seeped out. Once the
slave finished, Soporanus withdrew the tool. "It appears that you are all set
for our next challenge to see how well you accept pain." He let the beaded
piercing rest back upon the labia.
	
	Gnarled fingers curled around one bare leg's smoothness. The back of the
same ring that had cut her cheek felt cool to Katana. "This one has shown
impressive courage in tolerating pain. Now its time to take things up
to...another level." Soporanus looked down at Katana and said not unlike an
arena announcer, "Meet the Actium twins!
	
	The two brothers at the far end of the bench rose. Like one, they
removed their short tunics displaying Herculean bodies with massive jutting
erections.
	
	A screech of wood against stone sounded. Katana felt the table she was
on jerk suddenly away. With nothing below she dropped slightly. Her sole support
rattled. Arm and hip sockets felt ready to pop. She opened her mouth to issue a
loud scream just as the unbearable pressure in her limbs eased by hands lifting
her ass. Katana's body tilted slightly as it rose. A warm meaty mass she
instantly recognized as male covered her forehead. She felt the clit ring beads
rub deeper and then a heavy hardness plunge. The thickness filling her seemed to
retreat as fingers near her face pried apart her jaws. Her mouth filled with
another enormous solid.
	
	The pot-bellied patrician friend, a tribune invited along for the show
and the stooped figure of Soporanus watched from the wall as the Actium twins,
the slickness of their muscled bodies flexing with each thrust, found a rhythm.
Between the two rocked the hapless female. Rattling chains, various grunts and
the fleshy noises of liquids sloshing to and fro were the only other sounds in
the chamber. The room's stifling atmosphere seemed to increase with every thrust
and parry of the subjects dancing in syncopation to a bizarre eroticism.
	
	A new and different heat pounded through Katana. Despite her suspension,
she felt her body reacting to the raw sex. Release would feel good. The heavy
balls rolling over her eyes made seeing problematic. She nonetheless sucked
harder. If she could not see, at least she could feel the bodies increase their
excitement, an excitement that made her own thrill charge.
	
	Her desperate appeal for release from such ironic sources suddenly
halted. Katana caught a fleeting glimpse of a heavily muscled torso leaving.
Frustration mounted until she saw what appeared to be the same torso return.
Anticipating more, Katana eagerly ate the fat cock in her mouth, but its taste
had changed. The new flavor now mixed with her own. The two males had switched.
	
	The clanging increased until first one, and then the other Adonis froze
in ecstatic poses. Grunts grew massive with final thrusts. Only the sounds of
heavy breathing followed. In the stifling moment, Soporanus gargled his
congested throat and motioned for slaves to pull up on the chains. The panting
female swung over a large tub. He supervised as she was lowered into the heated
water, turning his back only to lift a shallow pan from the table that held his
surgery gear.
	
	Katana felt the urge to orgasm pulsate. The warm water soothed. The
bottom supported much like the table had. All but the base of her neck upwards
was underwater. The tops of swollen breasts bobbed just under the surface.
Soaked ends of hair fanned across the dark surface. Gism slid from corners but
she knew it hopeless to attempt to wipe her mouth clean. Soporanus appeared at
the great tub's edge. In his unsteady hands the accidental surgeon held a deep
dish also filled with water. Slithering in the dish were small thin bodies.
	
	"They are Marobdella decora. Frisky when hungry, aren't they?" The pan
shook in Soporanus's quavering grip. "Or many just call them leeches. They won't
hurt much when they suck your blood and someday may even be used in medicine,
you just never know." Katana's revulsion sent shudders through her entire body.
Underarms barely skimming the surface of the tub's water jerked and sprayed, but
there was no escaping. Her eyes widened as the squirming creatures left the
tilted pan to join her in the tub. "They bounce around when hungry like these,"
the living gargoyle said as he emptied the pan into the tub, "until they seek
out warm bodies...like yours."
	
	
	
	Night fell as Soporanus separated all but the last of the leeches from
the trussed female using one of his surgically sharp hooks to pry them from the
living flesh. Where other Marobdella decora had sucked was obvious by the small
red rings left by teeth marks and the flow of blood trails. He came to the
last-its bloated spotted shape stuck to the back of an upper thigh. As quickly
as it fell away, he clamped over the wound a bronze cupping vessel, or
cucurbitulae.
	
	Filling the cup, he placed it to Katana's lips. Pinching her nose he
tilted the blood-filled cup allowing most of its contents to drain into her
mouth. With speed and strength belying his age the accidental surgeon closed her
lower jaw still keeping her nose pinched and thereby forcing her to swallow.
"Drink and then you may retire for the night as you have a very, very big day
tomorrow."




The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture, sex and crucifixion. Please do not read further if any of
these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

"Crux Kitana" concludes The Accidental Surgeon series of episodes. None of the
story installments are intended to be stand alone and it is recommended that
interested readers begin at the beginning.

Your sole enjoyment and cooperation in not using this story in any other
application without the express permission of the author is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar



CRUX KITANA



	Past the rusty iron gate to her cell Soporanus appeared. From the small
crack high on one wall Katana could see the morning sky of another day, one that
according to Soporanus was to be her last. Behind him two soldiers dwarfed his
frail frame. Katana crept closer to the gate and angrily wrapped her fingers
around the encrusted metal. She pointedly explained to Soporanus that all of his
talk about his peoples' respect for dealing with pain was silly, his fascination
with surgery tools bizarre, and that he was a shriveled pathetic pervert whose
only source of pleasure was her suffering and no doubt the suffering of others.
Soporanus did not disagree with his prisoner's outburst. Contorting his mouth
into something of a smile, he wiped his sleeve across his lips and gestured to
the accompanying guards. "Bring her."
	
	The grate she remembered before slowly circled above. As if reaching for
it her arms joined at the wrists, the long tunic given for the night removed.
Lowering her chin Katana saw the bench and wall. Where other men once sat now
was empty. "I suspect she needs an example of what the scourge can do,"
Soporanus said, indicating to the one holding the menacing whip and the wooden
table Katana recognized from the day before. A loud whoosh! breezed through the
space. A crack! followed as tips of the scourge struck the wood. Dust and
splinters flew. Katana hung vulnerable and impressed. Fresh tracks appeared
across the old table. Soporanus cooed as he cupped one ringed mammary and said,
"Just imagine..."
	
	Katana squirmed as she felt her ankles locked in position to the floor.
She determined not to allow Soporanus pleasure at her expense. Be it the heat of
the new day or watching the scourge display as she hung in chains, Katana felt
her body warm. A purplish bruise ran the width of her bare chest. A thick line
already dotted by perspiration. The beads formed with others elsewhere. Slow
trickles began to slick over and down curves. Katana shook her head clear of the
brutish demonstration on the clawed table and swore again to not give in to
Soporanus. He couldn't break her yesterday like he said he would and today was
to be no different. Resistance was hers.
	
	
	
	Soporanus wiped his fevered brow. On the wall thrown water varied in hue
as it dribbled down the spattered brick. Before hung the female, still conscious
and unrepentant, albeit head hung low, trailing hair matted over weeping welts.
A summoned slave attempted to dab dry the cuts. Soporanus's hearing certainly
used to be better, but age had changed that. The panting of his victim now
seemed all too muffled.
	
	Increasing amplitude would soon increase whatever age had stolen away,
he thought, as arthritic fingers ripped two sections from the wool tunic given
her last night. Major muscles atop thighs bulged. The statuesque form remained
firm but now with bruising left by the weights, bite marks from voracious
leeches and the scourge's lacerations, torture clearly showed. Passing the slave
the two torn narrow rectangles Soporanus said, "Knot these together just above
the hips." No more muffling of her sounds...
	
	The lot in which Katana first was first held no longer was vacant but
now nearly filled. Dust made more hazy by morning sun blinded, but she made out
many military uniforms appearing as smudges of gold, red and brown. Close to one
side she made out the purple tunic of Soporanus. Hot wind flapped at the clothes
and humans. Blowing grit made the two torn pieces of wool waving between her
thighs seem that much more trivial. The gold and red and brown blurs seemed to
be laughing at her undress. This naked she should be chilled yet streaming sweat
said otherwise.
	
	Soporanus struggled to maintain as much dignity as possible as he
hobbled into the yard. It was important before so many of his inferiors to
retain an air of authority. "Throw her down there," he commanded as they
approached the short plaster column. Stooped as he was he stood nearly eye level
as she stumbled, her knees plowing small berms in the powdery dirt as they hit.
Holding up a small wooden placard affixed along its upper edge with two eyelets
he said, "We could have written much more about you but there wasn't enough
space on this so, the carved label of "Whore!" shall suffice." He handed the
wood to a guard and made way for two others who hefted a much larger and longer
timber. Soporanus sniffled in the heat as Katana's hands were unchained, cuffs
removed and then arms wrapped over the heavier wood set on the tops of her
shoulders. The two guards helped her unsteady rise. Grabbing the placard back
from the guard, Soporanus fumbled and attached it to the two nipple rings and
then stood back to appraise his subject. The young woman now was nearly as shaky
and bent as he, though any possible similarity there ended.
	
	Katana fell again, this time landing one knee. The weight she carried
and the stretching of her wounded nipples felt too great. A heavy strap across
her injured back whapped out wind as it hit her ribs. Wind or not, the sting
forced her back to her feet. She shuffled closer to the gate leading out of the
military yard.
	
	
	
	The town was not large but well populated and virtually all of its
population turned out. Golden and bronze insignias mounted atop tall poles
carried by infantrymen swayed. The parade winded its way through simmering
narrow streets. Soporanus rode inside a shaded litter carried by four slaves.
His regal gestures did little to dissipate vitriol aimed at the condemned. All
manner of insults launched from a crowd inwardly happy that it was someone else
and not them being tortured. The mob hurled missiles of whatever proved handy to
exorcize their heated emotions. Infantry and mounted steeds bearing gilded
riders stepped over rotted fruit, pottery shards, and excrement strewn along the
twisted way
	
	Katana slipped and crashed. A knee landed in a street drain. A fierce
cauldron burned inside and all around. Faces glowered, invectives shouted, her
chest and lungs felt like bursting. More lashes fell. From the corner of her eye
she saw help in the unlikely form of a soldier. He lifted one end of the beam.
Almost grateful for his assistance, she rose back to her feet. A hopelessly
confused puzzle of matted hair covering most of her face obscured hope of seeing
much more. Each movement shifted added stabs of agony. Back on her feet, the
best she could manage was a staggering shuffle motivated mainly by the solid
smack of the lash. The breast wrenching sign bounced from side to side, the
weighty wood beam seemed more massive with every step.
	
	Wind that had gusted in the early morning hours subsided. Desolation
surrounding the tall upright replaced what noise the wind provided. Implanted on
barren land near the highway leading into the town, a lone omen to all who
passed lest they too be unfortunate to hang from its height. This day the eerie
silence would be replaced by sounds to challenge whatever the wind could muster.
Sounds of the jostling, angry mob began to build as they grew closer to the
upright.
	
	Katana breathed deeply as she lay. Glare from the sun high over her
right shoulder was nothing compared to the latest trials. Soldiers pulled arms
no longer willing to resist out along the wood beam she had carried. The placard
rocked as it lay atop her panting abdomen. One of the men detached it and then
scaled a ladder. Squinting up she saw his figure nailing the sign near the top
of the soaring upright.
	
	Soporanus wiped his brow with a stained sleeve. Reaching into one of the
recesses of his sedan he withdrew a smaller version of the bronze cupping vessel
he used before. The band of his ring clinked the metal. A grin flanked by gray
bristles broadened as his focus returned to the naked female. "Hope you don't
mind being simply labeled as a whore," he said to her as a hammer hitting a nail
sounded on what was to be her most dramatic torture device. "You are much more
but as I mentioned before, there was only so much room on which to write."
Attaching the titulus to her nipple rings had been another idea of his. Now
little bloated towers nearly obscured the rings. Swollen and stretched nipples
poked skyward from their bountiful mounds of scourged breast flesh, a most
generous amount marked by the deep bruise running across their base. The sight
made his mouth parched.
	
	One of them pressing her elbow down with his knee laughed and tweaked an
erect nipple. Katana bent her neck forward raising her head and saw a man's hand
squeezing one sweaty breast. A prick stung her wrist drawing away her attention.
The swiftly moving object blocked out the sun. Her head fell back hard against
the dirt. Sheets of needles behind her eyes rocketed, to be followed by more
multicolored bursts.
	
	Katana barely recovered. Panic nearly seized. Far below were male and
female shapes. A helmet seemed larger than most until she realized that it was a
soldier climbing a ladder up to her. Looking down her glistening chest she saw
the man taking a knife and cutting away the two knots holding the last vestiges
of clothing between her legs.
	
	A gasp arose as the two rags, weighted by too much fell to earth.
Soporanus smiled his satisfaction. His addition to the nude clearly entertained
the mob. Before leaving the garrison he had a cord tie the clit ring tightly so
that beads inside its circumference pressed into and rubbed the shaven lips.
Another end of the cord was attached to a rectal dildo. Every step the female
took moved something. He handed the cupping vessel to the soldier stepping down
from the ladder. The man returned up the rungs, pressing the vessel into the
female's wet crotch. Filling it with her juices he climbed back down and gave
the vessel with its musky contents back to Soporanus.
	
	Katana screamed and shook. She strained and forced her hips out. Waves
upon waves of passion mixed with pain crashed down upon her body. The rushing
flood consumed her psyche. Her cries were of one who instinctively knew the
passions she felt were to be her final ones.
	
	Release followed release, until she could bear no more. Her legs bent
outward and she hung. Soporanus signaled his slaves. There existed no further
need to remain. Besides, it was cooler elsewhere.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





