BDSM Library - He Had No Idea Who She Was




He Had No Idea Who She Was
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Master provides a very particular and private service for those for whom revenge is a dish best eaten cold.
He had no idea who she was

He had no idea who she was. He'd long since given up finding out about the
background of all the women that were brought to him for his special pleasure.
She was, like so many before her, just a figure he'd taken a fancy to and
ordered his men to acquire. He wasn't even sure if he could remember where he
had first set eyes on her. His collectors could cast a very wide net and trawl
his catch to order.

This one was delicious. Full figured with well covered curves and pendulous full
breasts. Breasts with deep, dark, aureolae and a hint of blue vein. She had a
thick bush between her legs, he'd have fun with that later.

This one had screamed the place down when she had been brought into his special
place. A real outrage borne of complete disbelief that this could be happening
to her in this day and age. Oh yes, by the time his toys entered his inner
chamber they knew what was coming, that was all part of the delicious torment he
so enjoyed inflicting.

When the toys first entered his domain they would hear whispers and sniggers
from the guards, nothing concrete, just sinister suggestion. Then they would be
left, often in small groups, tethered in darkened rooms. Then they would start
to hear, but not see, the noises of the playroom. The groans, the frantic shrill
pleadings, the swishes, the thuds, and then the piercing screams. The breathless
sobbing and the hoarse crying. Oh yes, the toys would start to be very afraid of
what lay in store.

The toys would start to sweat and tremble, to tear at their bonds, to sob, to
rant and rave. Then when they had stewed in their own imaginings for long enough
he would send them one by one to be interviewed by Gudula.

He had found Gudula many years before on one of his campaigns. A woman of
remarkable talents, who had learnt her trade at the hands of someone much like
himself. Her talent for sadism had been clear from the moment she had been
taken. Thrown in a room with two other women who had screamed and pleaded like
so many before. Only Gudula didn't scream or plead, she despised the weakness of
the other two, she struck out and felled them to the ground, one after the
other. She spat on them and kicked them in their bellies. When the guards came
in to separate them she was already using strips torn from their own clothes to
bind them. The sergeant was so taken with Gudula that he ordered her be taken
for his own.

The Sergeant was to be disappointed, word of this strange creature spread like
wildfire and soon she was dragged before his commander and after the briefest of
interviews set to work upon a victim hanging from the rafters by her wrists
tethered together behind her back. When Gudula had finished so was the woman and
the company that watched on knew that they were in the presence of a truly
remarkable sadist.

A deal was struck, just as long as Gudula could provide such sporting
demonstrations for her captors she would have freedom of a sort and protection
from the attentions of the men. Gudula was in her element. Now year's later she
had moved on and held a very special place in the hierarchy that provided this
most special of entertainments.

He had started providing only for his own tastes and allowing for the sating of
his hirelings pleasure, but now he could provide a show for those who could
afford to pay. Only a very few could afford this most particular service and
those that could were never disappointed.

Occasionally he would have a guest who watched for free. Perhaps guest is not
the correct term. Usually it would be the Husband, lover, father or brother of a
toy. Someone who had done him or a customer a great disservice.  A man who would
be strapped to a chair, head fixed in place by a brace, eyelids glued open.
Someone who could not even shut his eyes to block out the torment.

Oh yes, he could find many ways to torment those who had crossed him or someone
who could afford his services. That was a very special service, a luxury, most
of his toys were simply trawled because he had liked their shape, or saw
something in their expression that would look so exquisite to him as they were
racked in pain..

That was what this one was, yes, he could remember now, the full figure has
first attracted him, he had her enticed into the clothes shop so that his hidden
cameras in the changing rooms could let him see more. Cameras that could move
in, could see from every angle, could enlarge could reveal all. Then she had
stood on a tack, he liked to have them left carelessly on the floor. She had
recoiled and in that moment the camera had caught her face. Such a face, such an
emotive face, oh yes, playing her body would be like conducting a fine
orchestra.

Before he could enjoy his toys they met with Gudula and she would explain and
show what lay in store. The toys would then receive a choice of sorts, those who
had been brought to settle a score just found out what lay in store. Most
fainted clean away.

Gudula had an archive of video and audio recordings of her best, or worst, work
and a collection of some of her favourite tools for playtime. It was now that
the victims discovered what lay behind the screams of torment they had
overheard. They would clutch to cover their breasts and cross their legs as they
saw and heard some of Gudula's favourite party tricks. For most they witnessed
acts that they had never even contemplated and yet might only be minutes from
excruciatingly experiencing.

Now Gudula would explain the choice, not that it was much of a choice. An
operation such as this needed a constant supply of sexual relief for its
operatives. It needed relief on tap twenty four hours a day and 365 days a year.
The toys were not to be spoilt for their special displays and their were few
women who would volunteer to be serviced by the rutting mass. So that was the
alternative on offer. A promise that they would be kept from the special room
and the cruel and unusual torments that lay therein if they agreed to become
permanent pleasure vessels for those that wanted to relieve themselves in or
over them. It was a harsh choice, some might even think that the offer was the
diabolic against a fate worse than death, but there it was.

Gudual would go on to call in a "vessel" as they were called to confirm, as if
they would dare deny, that the bargain had been kept. At this point the toy
would often throw up in absolute fear and horror. It had been known for a toy to
become paralysed by fear and so become unable to make any choice at all.

Vessel's had been known to turn upon their keepers, but retribution would be
swift, inventive and excruciating. As a result some adaptions had been made to
the vessels over the years and the results of those developments would be on
display for the toy faced with the starkest choice of her life. After all the
keeper's were to be protected if they were to be kept from exercising their
worst excesses on the toys.

Gudula enjoyed making a vessel display for a toy. Most vessels felt for the toy
in front of them, most could remember when they had been faced with the self
same choice, could remember back to a time when the playroom had been unknown to
them. But Gudual would require, without prompting, the full silent performance,
the fullest revelation of all the vessels charms, both natural and adapted.

Usualy the first thing the toy would notice would be the rings. Rings through
their noses, not small rings as in decorative piercings, but rings a man might
lead a vessel by her nose, his fingers through it. Then rings through each
aureolae, again fat and large in circumfrence. Rings a man might hold with his
fists as he rode a vessel while he rutted. Rings, not a large as for the
breasts, but large enough, hanging from each labia, for ease of opening a vessel
for use.

Gudual would then point out that vessel's were branded on their bellies, a
permanent reminder of their place, and a convenient method of keeping track of
the stock. It would be explained that a cocktail of drugs would be administered
and that menstruation would be stopped, their would be no time off for time of
the month. The toy would be asked to marvel at how well nourished the vessel
was, ample bellied and full breasted, replete from dozens of fellatio
performances with not a drop spilled. After all that was to be the vessel's main
source of nourishment. Food was a luxury in the gift of the captor's and only
given to those who had performed most exquisitely or assisted in the playroom
most fully. Once the bargain was struck and kept to the only relief was from the
unremitting anguish of the playroom. It would be explained that the rings would
all be fitted swiftly and with relative freedom from agony, it would just hurt.
The brand would be sudden and then done. No lingering torment there.

Then Gudual would rise and motion to the vessel, both would slip beside the
numbed, often frozen toy. Before the toy could realise what was happening she
would be stripped as naked as the day she was born and dragged through the door
and into an unheated plain walled room containing a most unusual chair. The last
words the toy would hear as the door was shut were Gudula's final offer, "cross
to the chair with two phalluses rising from its seat and impale your cunt and
ass to the hilt before I return and you may become a vessel. Decline by the time
I return and you will discover the true impact of entry into the playroom."

That was perhaps the moment that he found the most exquisite, the awful choice,
the utter anguished and terrified disbelief that often came across their faces.
Oh yes, it was moments such as these that he lived for, the living of another's
life on a razor edge of horrible decision, the opportunity to break the spirit
or to have the pleasure of breaking the body, slowly, inexoriably, exquisitely.

It was also the moment that he learnt of the true metal of his toy. Would she be
paralysed with fear, only shocked from her inertia by pain, or would she come
fully conscious to her nemesis, knowing that she had chosen to retain her
integrity unto pain.

He could feel his pulse race, his breath came shorter and his manhood swelled as
he contemplated his latest addition and her companions and contemplated what was
in store. He summoned a vessel, he wanted relief, when this one progressed
through her choices he wanted to be ready to last, he wanted to really savour
this one.

The vessel displayed her ample charms and waited for the signal as to which
orifice was required. She hurried towards the wall and back to him bent at the
waist and grabbed the rail exposing her ass for penetration. He opened his gown,
advanced upon her and thrust, reaching round as he did so to grab the hand sized
rings hanging from her teats and pull upon them until the vessel thought he must
surely rip them from her chest.

The vessels knuckles were white as she gripped the rail, she ground her teeth to
try to deflect from the pain tearing at her teats and yet she dare not cry out.
He knew exactly what he was doing and could sense the cost to her in pain and
torment as she fought with her self to remain silent. She won, as suddenly as he
had entered her he withdrew, he spun her round and offered her his member to be
sucked and emptied, the greatest accolade she could expect, his come. She needed
no second bidding, knowing that as the chosen vessel she could now expect to be
filled by the others who were with him.




Chapter 2

This would be delicious, the middle aged women to be brought before him was the
wife of a man who had tried to cheat him in a business deal. She was a haughty
matron, about 5' 8" with a big chest and a voluptuous belly and well developed
thighs and a colossal bum. She had been astonished when she had been taken and
had fought like a wild cat. A few slaps to her face had proved of no effect but
a full blow to the stomach and a knee in her crotch had brought her blubbering
to the floor. Her husband was strapped in the special viewing chair, eyes fixed
open, he would see and hear everything.

The first session of the show would be seen by several high paying clients. The
woman was brought in, still clothed in the expensive frock she had been taken
in. Her makeup was smeared, she had been wailing a lot, her stockings laddered
and her dress the worse for wear. It wouldn't matter, she would be naked and
under the ministrations of one of his most experienced torturers soon enough.

He had long ago learnt that women are much more humbled if made to strip for
their audience. Few would start voluntarily, he had taken care of that, a few
good blows would soon encourage her to perform. She needed the encouragement. On
being told to strip and make it good she refused and screamed more abuse. The
scream was cut off by the punch to her ample belly that knocked all the wind out
of her and dropped her to the floor.

"Get up and strip, NOW." She was told. She groaned and did not try to get up. A
well aimed shoe caught her again in the belly. She screamed again. An electric
cattle prod was produced and jabbed into her left breast, she jolted on the
floor and screamed fit to burst. Before the scream could subside the prod was
reapplied to her other breast and held there for a full 10 seconds. She was
rasping for breath and sweating profusely.

"Get up, strip, now."

She begged for mercy, and tried to get up, her husband screamed and pleaded and
was told to shut up or it would be worst for his wife. He babbled on and on.

She rose, unsteady on her feet and with a look of real terror in her face
started to unzip the expensive frock. It slipped to the floor revealing
expensive black lace bra, garter belt and knickers. Her breasts heaved andd her
belly was round and fecund over the belt. She hesitated, her husband begged. Too
bad. The cattle prod was thrust again into her belly and she dropped gasping to
her knees.

"You've been warned, now you pay". She was ordered to take off her knickers and
stuff them in her husbands mouth to stop his babbling. Deep into his throat so
that he started to gag. It took a few more jolts from the prod for her to
complete the task.

Then the belt and stockings were removed leaving her with just the bra hoding up
her pendulous breasts. She couldn't understand why this skimpy garment was left
on. She would find out soon enough.

She was told to cross to a chair set in the centre of the floor. To thrust he
vagina onto the monstrous dildo and fuck herself. She didn't move quickly
enough, she was too stunned. She felt the cattle prod again and was soon hanging
by her wrists from the ceiling her legs spread and attached to rings in the
floor.

Before she could even get her bearings she heard the swoosh of the long carriage
whip as it snaked towards her. The crack of the whip was drowned by her scream
as the whip ripped into her lace bra, rending it and drawing blood. The bra was
soon in tatters and her breasts striped with pain. She sobbed and groaned
incoherently. Then her tormentor whispered in her ear, you didn't obey quickly
enough, now you will be gagged and you won't be asked to do anything again until
you have learned your lesson.

A ball gag was rammed into her mouth and as she tried to shake her head she felt
the wooden tit trainer being snapped into position on her bosom. The screws were
turned and her aching breasts bulged as they were flattened between the planks.
She tried to scream but nothing came out.

She felt as though her breasts would explode from the pressure, her nipples were
engorged with blood and the pain blocked out everything. She could not think or
speak, her world was simply the pain of the moment. Then the lash cracked again
like lightening on her swelling teats and she passed out.




Three

When she came to her teats were still in the tit trainer and the pain was as
great as ever. Gudula was leaning over her and whispering in her ear. She was
being offered a deal. If  she agreed to having all of her body hair shaved then
for the time being the tit trainer would be removed. Of course if she didn't
agree she would be shaved anyway, but the process would be that much more
painful.

She tried to speak to say yes, but the ball gag stopped her, she frantically
shook her head, anything to get the tormentor off her breasts, anything. Gudula
beckoned her assistants and she was allowed to her feet and the screws were
relaxed. It seemed to hurt even more as the blood rushed back into her flattened
breasts. The awful realisation of what she had just agreed to dawned, she tried
to resist, she tried to plead, she made the mistake of saying no.

Suddenly her arms were forced behind her back and attached to cuffs on the end
of a rope. The rope was pulled taught and she found herself suspended in the air
by her arms. The pain on her shoulders was excruciating she thought she would
faint again. Then the rope was released a little, she dropped only to be pulled
up short of the ground. She thought that her shoulders would pull out of their
sockets. Again and again she was raised and dropped. The breath was knocked out
of her lungs, she couldn't breath and she couldn't speak or even think. There
was just the pain, the excruciating pain.

Her husband was frantic, how had he let this happen, what more could they
possibly do to his poor wife, what else had they in store. But shackled to his
special chair all he could do was watch and agonise. He was covered in sweat and
shaking. There was just nothing he could do.

Gudula signalled to the tormentors to stop the rhythmic yanking on the rope, her
victim was allowed to rest her toes on the floor to take some of the weight from
her shoulders. "Co-operation will ease your pain my dear. Ease not excuse it.
Now we will involve your husband. He will determine how long your punishment
will last because of your refusal." She snapped her fingers and perhaps the
fattest and ugliest woman you have ever seen came into the room. "Elsa will now
take pleasure from your husband. You will be tortured throughout. As soon as
your husband has ejaculated your torment will stop so that we can shave you."

Neither husband or wife could believe what they heard. Suddenly sharp metal
clips were attached to each aching nipple, then to each cunt lip and to her
clitoris. A dildo with wires running from it was rammed painfully into her cunt
and a probe thrust up her ass. "I will play a little electrical game while your
husband pleasures Elsa, I hope that your screams don't put him off too much"

As Elsa approached him he saw the body of his wife arch in agony as the first
electric shock hit her. Wave after wave of shocks were pulsed into her most
sensitive parts as Elsa took out his limp cock and laughed at him. She crushed
his balls in her fat hand and thrust her flaccid hanging breasts into his face.
He was reading to shit himself and in no mood to orgasm, but he must and quickly
to save the torment of his wife.

In the control room the Master called for a vessel, a ripe matron with full
pendulous breasts and an ample stomach, he wished to be relieved while he
watched this next passage in his revenge.

His victim continued to writhe in agony, wave after\ wave pulsing through her,
never enough to make her pass out but more than enough to cause her extreme
torment. Gudula stood to her side whispering in her ear\ between shocks that it
was unwise to refuse to honour a bargain.

It took Elsa agonising minutes to even get the poor husband erect, his fear,
shame and horror prevented him from coming swiftly. Elsa thrust first one and
then two fingers into his rectum and squeezed some more on his balls as she
sucked, he finally became hard and Elsa swallowed his cock into her cunt. She
rode him, slowly, she liked to hear the screams of torment.

Gudula was not satisfied, she took a lash from the wall and set about her
victims inner thighs. Once she had warmed up her stroke she lashed the belly and
then the underside of the breasts. Elsa steadied her rhythm, this was too good
to miss, she wanted this to go on.

For Elsa the end was near, she started to come, excited by the torture and by
the now hard cock in her cunt, and as she did her victim orgasmed too, finally
driven over the edge by Elsa's clamp like vaginal muscles. He slumped spent.
Gudula turned off the electricity and put down the lash. Now for some more fun.

But first a respite, the Master had another treat in store.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Janus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





