BDSM Library - Perils of Penelope Cruz




Perils of Penelope Cruz
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Penelope Cruz is kidnapped by people from Joey's club. She is used and abused in a variety of ways.
This is a work of PURE FANTASY intended for ADULT reading.
comments to: damian4004@lycos.com

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Perils of Penelope Cruz- Part 1

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Penelope Cruz's head was spinning as she woke up. She felt the cold steel under her. 
Penelope tried to sense where she was, but she was unable to see anything in the dark. 
She moved her hands and felt steel bars on all sides. 
Penelope was trying to figure out where she was and how she had got there. 
After groping in the dark for a few minutes she was certain that she was in a 
steel cage of some kind. Penelope screamed for help a few times, but there was no 
response from anywhere. Penelope was trying to figure out what had happened to her. 
Slowly she remembered... 

She was in New Mexico for shooting of a film. End of the day's shoot, she went back to 
her hotel, and decided she wanted to relax a bit in the pool before she had her dinner 
and hit the sack. She spent a relaxing halfhour in the pool, came back to her room, and 
ordered some food. Penelope then called up Tom Cruise and spoke for some time. 

She heard room service fellow knock the door, and told him to keep the food outside 
as she was on the phone. As her food was left outside her room, a dark haired man 
who was staying in the opposite room quickly came out, out a few drops of some 
liquid from a bottle into Penelope's wine and rushed back to his room. 

It was just a two minute gap between the instance when the roomservice man 
left the food outside Penelope's room and when she opened the door and picked up 
her dinner. But those two minutes were enough to change Penelope Cruz's life. 
Penelope usually ate slowly and sipped the wine alongwith the food. 
Within the first two sips her head started spinning, she thought of calling for a doctor, 
that was the last thought in her mind before she fell unconscious.... 
This all came back to Penelope's mind. 
It was obvious that she had been kidnapped by someone and was now under their duress. 
Who were her captors ? What did they want ? Various thoughts came to Penelope's mind. 
She wished this were either a dream or a movie where her hero Tom Cruise would come 
and rescue her. Few hours passed, Penelope Cruz lay silently and helplessly in her cage. 

She heard a door open, this was followed by a light being switched on.
Penelope was blinded for a few moments, then she began to look around. 
She was in a metal,probably steel cage in a room that had no windows. 
There were several other empty cages in the room. Two men were walking towards her cage, 
they stopped besides the cage. One of them smiled and said,
"Good morning, Miss Cruz."
"Let me free.." Penelope shouted, she was cursing them and shouting for a few minutes. 
As she saw they were unaffected by her screams,she stopped screaming. 

"I am glad you stopped screaming Ms.Cruz. You better save your energy and your screams 
for the evening. You will get a chance to scream a lot then.." 
He grinned at Penelope. 
"Now, Ms. Cruz let me explain your situation, listen attentively. 
My name is carl and this is fred. And, you Penelope Cruz, are now a property of Joey's club. 
You will be put on a show tonight, and probably every night after this.
There is plenty of pain in line for you Miss Cruz,and keep in mind, there is no escape. 
Don't try to escape or resist. Resistance will only make things worse for you, 
as our customers are especially harsh on hostile bitchess. 
And your celebrity status has already ensured that you will get quite a raw deal. 
After all, you are the first bigtime celebrity among our acquisitions." 
Penelope's heart sank in fear on hearing all this. 

She offered them money, millions just to let her free. They just grinned in return. 
Later Penelope was made to perform her diurnal activities and returned to her cell. 
She spent another few hours in the cage, contemplating what was in store for her and 
how she could escape it. 
The two men came back. They handcuffed her wrists behind her back, they even placed 
steel manacles in Penelope's ankles.Penelope was dragged out of her cage and lead to 
some stairs. She climbed one floor and was dragged along a corridor and suddenly pushed. 
Unable to maintain her balance Penelope fell down after being pushed. 
She heards cheers as she was falling down. She was on stage !!! 

It was like a bar, around 100 people sitting in it. 
On the stage in the bar was Penelope Cruz- handcuffed , manacled and 
most importantly - horrified & utterly helpless... 


Penelope was greeted on the stage with whistles, cheers, claps , 
lewd remarks from the crowd. A man appeared to be in charge of the proceedings on the stage. 
He was saying, 
"And today we have got for you , Penelope Cruz. She has been brought here exclusively for 
your pleasure. " 
He went near the helpless actress, grabbed her hair and brought her on her own feet. 
He then dragged her across the stage holding her by hair, as he was saying , 

"Here she is, Penelope Cruz, secured exclusively for the guests of Joey's. 
Now gentlemen , who will like to strip this bitch ? 
Let us have an auction, the gentleman who wins the auction will get to tear off her clothes." 

This was accomponied by loud cheers by the crowd. The crowd almost went mad at the pretty & 
helpless site of Penelope. Heavily chained, Penelope was being dragged across the stage by 
Joey who was holding her beautiful black hair. 
Terrified and humiliated, Penelope had never felt so vulnerable. 

Joey started the bidding as he was walking back and forth on the stage, 
Penelope being dragged behind him made a pretty site. Almost all the cocks in the hall had 
become erect by then. Bidding went quite high , and finally the bid to strip Penelope was 
settled at $25000. The man who won the honor came forward and walked towards the stage, 
as he went on the stage Joey dragged Penelope to his feet. 
The man who looked to be in his late forties, bent down immediately and grabbed Penelope 
by her hair. 

Penelope was sobbing uncotrollably due to all the torment and the humiliation. 
He brought Penelope up on her feet and pushed her towards a pole that was at the center 
of the stage. He made Penelope stand against the pole. Penelope was no longer able to 
control her tears. She looked even more beautiful when in distress. 
She was wearing a bright-red sleeveless one-piece dress. 
The man held her against the pole,he was still holding her by hair, 
but now he grabbed her from sideways so the entire hall could see the pretty actress's 
degradation. 

He began fondling her breasts, he squeezed them as Penelope screamed in pain. 
The crowd went wild hearing Penelope scream, this was even better than the best erotic 
dream most of them had had. The winner was getting full worth for his money. 
He started caressing Penelope from top and continued to her inner thighs. 
Penelope was feeling utterly debased and was flinching at every touch. 
This made things better for her tormentor as well as the audience. 
Afterall seeing a celebrity like Penelope Cruz being used that way was worth all 
the money they had paid. And her every discomfort was an added pleasure for them. 

He continued caressing her for a few minutes and then began to tear off her dress 
from the bottom. Actually he could have stripped her naked just by cutting the two 
shoulder slips that were holding the dress together, but he wanted to make it last 
as long as it could, and make it as humiliating as possible for Penelope. 
He slowly worked his way up the actress's dress continuing to fondle the 
bodyparts he exposed with every little cut. 

It took him twenty minutes to completely rip off the dress. Now Penelope had only 
her bra and panties on. He put his hand inside Penelope's bra and stretched it to 
the maximum, and released it. It hit Penelope's breasts and she screamed in pain. 
Laughter broke out in the hall seeing Penelope being harassed. 
He did the same thing 3-4 more times drawing applause from the audience each time. 

Finally he snapped the elastic and Penelope's bra fell on the ground. 
He started playing with her panties next. After playing with them for a few minutes he pulled 
them down too and tore them apart. Penelope was now completely naked. 
Joey came back onto the stage and congratulated the man for a job well done. 
He greeted the cheering crowd and left the stage to return to his seat. 

Joey now went near Penelope and started caressing her naked body. 
Tears were continuously rolling down Penelope's pretty cheeks.She was totally humiliated. 
And this was just the beginning of her perils. 

Joey now started announcing the next auction. 
This would be to fuck Penelope, highest bidder would get to fuck her or 
make her do anything he wanted her to do. 
Bidding went on quite fiercely and finally at 80,000$ the bids were settled. 
Ed, the winning bidder, came on the stage amongst loud cheers from the crowd. 
Joey removed her shackles and cuffs so that it would be easier for him to fuck her. 

Ed grabbed Penelope's hair with his hand  and dragged her to a bench in the 
center of the stage. Then he grabbed both of Penelope's legs, lifted her up to 
drag her ass to the edge of the bench and slipped her wrists in the cuffs
on the bench.
Now, we're going to warm you up," he said as he stroked Penelope's naked ass 
and naked back.

   SMACK!  He brought his hand down hard on Penelope's ass.
   "UHHH," Penelope cried out in pain.
   SMACK!  He slapped the other asscheek, eliciting another moan.
   SMACK! Again.  "Pleeeaze, Nooo," Penelope screamed
   SMACK! "Quiet!" He ordered, "or I will get out my belt.
   SMACK! "Ohh ", Penelope groaned softly, the hot, red pain spreading fire over her ass cheeks.
   SMACK!
 
   SMACK!  AH Shit!!  Ed walloped Penelope's ass with his hand.  

   SMACK!, "AAAAHH!" Penelope cried.  

Penelope could feel her ass begin to flame and again he hit her!
   SMACK!  "Pleeeease STOP!"  Penelope cried, starting to really cry.  

The crowd was cheering him on, 

"Come on man"
"Come on homie"
"Show the bitch"
"Fuck the celebrity bitch"

Various shouts coming from the crowd egging him to go on.

   Penelope was suppressing the lump in her throat,  trying not to cry.
   Penelope's ass and the back of her thighs were on fire.

   SMACK!  "AAHHHHHH, Noooooo," She begged as her ass burned with Ed's
torturous spanking and Penelope writhed on the bench, helpless and defenseless
as he continued his relentless attack on Penelope's ass.

Then Ed said to Joey, "Spank her ass!"

"Me ?" asked Joey, " Oh sure, why not ?"
"This cock sucker bitch needs to be spanked."

"Nnnnnnoohhh," Penelope mumbled , but no one paid attention.   

Joey slapped Penelope's ass.
While Ed went towards her mouth and started to face fuck her.

   "Unnnnnhhh," Penelope cried jerking her butt, but Ed kept his hands on her
head and began to mouth fuck her.

   Smack! Joey slapped her again and Penelope jerked.
   Smack! smack!  He hit her again and again while Ed started moaning
and thrusting in earnest. 

   Smack! Penelope couldn't take anymore, her ass was burning.  
Ed was blocking Penelope's throat again with every thrust, her lips were sore, 
and she could barely breath.

   Smack!  Joey landed a sideways blow directly on Penelope's exposed
asshole.   "NNNNGggghhhhhhh," She moaned as Ed thrust again and started
cumming, "Oh yeah, bitch!  Take it!"

He started pumping shots of jism into Penelope's tonsils and she tried to
swallow to keep on breathing, but Joey kept on slapping Penelope's shaking
ass and she gagged and coughed.  
Wads of cum rolled down the sides of Ed1s dick as Penelope coughed again onto his 
balls and belly.

   Smack!  Again Joey hit her.

   Joey stopped his assault, placing both hands on Penelope's burning ass and
digging his fingers into Penelope's red and abused asscrack.He started rubbing her fiery
ass, he pushed a finger into her asshole.

Penelope's eyes shot open as Joey pressed into her ass with his dick.His huge cock
opened Penelope's anus and with one thrust, he buried himself in Penelope's ass.

"OOHHH, FUCK, NOooo, Please,"  Penelope protested at this sudden anal
rape.  His dick was a shaft of hard fire in Penelope's ass.

The crowd started cheering Joey up. 

" This be a lesson for you cockteasing slut?" Joey drew back his burning rod 
and slammed it home again.
"OOOooo, pleassse, nooo," Penelope cried out, her body rising up in
protest as his hard thrusts filled her ass.

Ed grabbed Penelope's nipples and pinched them as he continued to
stretch Penelope's ass with his hard cock.

"You fucking celebrity whore." Joey continued his invective as
he fucked her hard, in and out, sliding his hard meat in and out of Penelope's ass.

He continued verbally abusing Penelope as he fucked her hard.
"Ahhhhhh," Joey moaned , his fuck tool spewing hot cum into Penelope's ass, 
pumping its molten seed deep into Penelope Cruz's bowels.

She could feel the liquid ooze of his sperm as he withdrew his cock from
her ass. There were loud cheers from the crowd. 

Joey came back onto the stage and announced that the club was closing for the day in 
a few minutes. He also said that Penelope Cruz was now property of the club and a show 
like today's would become a weekly feature. 
People could rape, torture and humiliate Penelope Cruz as much as they wanted. 
Penelope was listening to her fate, lying down helplessly on the stage, raped and degraded. 
This was only the beginning of perils for Penelope Cruz... 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Perils of Penelope Cruz- Part 2

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


It was almost evening, all day Penelope lay silently in her cage 
trying not to think about what lay in her future. Her body was still 
acheing from all the abuse she had taken.

Suddenly she was woken up by Carl who came to Penelope's cage and 
poked her ass with a long cane he was carrying.
"wake up cunt, let's get you ready, we got a busy evening ahead.
We can't let you sit lazing around all day. Wake up Penelope whore."

Penelope got up slowly, her body was still aching but she dared not
defy any order. Carl said laughing,
"We won't put you on stage every night.
But Joey thinks you can still serve our customers's needs 
and attract more of them.Today you are going to serve in the toilet, whore."

Carl opened the cage, reached in and grabbed Penelope by her hair.
He then dragged her out of the cage and led her up the stairs to the 
men's restroom. Penelope had no idea what he had in mind for her.
But it didn't sound good at all. 'Serve in the toilet'...
Penelope shuddered at the thought of the various things this could mean.
Penelope was brought into the restroom, Carl lead her to a row of urinals.
There was an empty space between two urinals in the middle. 

Carl pushed Penelope on the ground , Penelope was scared beyond imagination
and also felt terribly humiliated at being in a men's restroom. She had never
seen the insides of one before. What shamed her further was the thoughts of what
she was going to go through in here. It certainly didn't look too promising.
She was hoping it wouldnt be as bad as she thought it would be, but her 
hopes were shattered in just a minute as Carl pushed her in the empty space 
between two urinals. 

With horror Penelope realized that the she was meant to serve as the urinal.
Carl lifted her head up, making her pause a moment while he strapped a
wide collar around her throat. Then he made Penelope sit on her knees.
And attached long chains to the collar, A chain ran from each
side of her collar to the wall on each side of the urinal. 
Penelope's legs were also chained to each side, leaving her cunt wide open.
Penelope started pleading him to let her go, but in return he just slapped
her hard and grinned, saying 
"Shut up whore, someone should have done this long back. You cockteasing sluts
should be put in their proper place. This is just the beginning of your misery."
Then he produced a wide an O-ring and put in in Penelope's mouth,
it kept her mouth open wide and freely accessible for anyone wanting to use.

"Come on, Penelope baby.  I think you better get used to this.
You are going to spend the evening in here, as our guests relieve themselves
in your cunt mouth. Let me give you a taste of things to come babe." 

Within moments Penelope's nostrils were buried in a forest of Carl's 
pubic hairs. As the first volumes of warm piss flowed into his mouth, Penelope's
inner psyche screamed in horror.  This was total debasement.  It was
abominable.  Yet she could not do anything but suffer in absolute helplessness.

As Carl detected the first swallows from his celebrity captive below 
he congratulated himself for having fulfilled his fantasy.   
"Whoa, looks like Penelope is a piss-pig too!" laughed Carl as he continued
to slowly empty his bladder into the mouth of the lovely spanish actress.

Penelope was duitifully swallowing every drop of urine that
poured into her mouth. The debased heroine stared helplessly into the
cruel eyes of her captor as he heaped scorn and abuse upon her.

"Look into my eyes Penelope.  That's my piss that you're drinking.
That's the first piss you are drinking tonight. But i guess you will have
at least another 500 piss-loads in your pretty mouth tonight.
Isn't it lovely Darling ? We are going to make hefty money out of this too.
How much do you think we should charge people to piss in your slut mouth?" 
asked Carl with cold contempt in his voice.   

Tears were flowing from Penelope's lovely eyes, which brought a smile on Carl's 
face.

"You're dumb bitch, aren't you? " Carl asked smirkingly. 
"I asked you a question."
He slapped Penelope and shouted at her again. 

"Tell me how much we should charge,bitch. 100$ ? 
I think that's all people will pay for your worthless slut mouth."

Penelope's face  was red from humiliation and she went on sobbing.
Carl said "There's some more jewellary we need to give you"
And from a nearby rack he picked out two large black dildos.
Carl slid a hand down between Penelope's legs and shoved in the huge 
black dildo-vibrator in her cunt , and turned it fully on.
Then he slipped the other dildo in Penelope's ass and turned it on too.

Then he lightly touched one of Penelope's nipples...causing her
to strain forward to His touch...he laughed and then flicked first 
one nipple, and then the other, and then again, back and forth, and 
every now and then He would pinch and pull on them, making them hard and 
very large... and causing Penelope's pussy to spasm as the dildo in 
her cunt vibrated on and on. 
Carl then grabbed one nipple and suck on it, gently at first and then bit it...
just before He placed a nipple clamp on it, making Penelope scream a
muffled scream through her ring-gag...

"you like that, don't you slut...it is what you  have been waiting for"

Then He did the same to Penelope's other nipple.  
He then connected a chain to each clamp and she could feel it hanging between her 
clamped nipples. Carl moves aside and shows Penelope the camera in the wall that was 
capturing every moment of what went on in there. 
Carl then produced a permanent marker from his pockets and wrote on Penelope's forehead
-"URINAL". Of course Penelope could not see that, but he read it aloud to her.

"Look here slut, these cameras are taking pictures that are being boradcast on a 
big screen in the club upstairs. Just to ensure that everyone can 
enjoy. Don't you like it slut ?" 
Carl laughed.
And he went away leaving Penelope helplessly bound there as a urinal.
The taste of his piss was still there in her mouth, and the thought that she would have to
swallow gallons of piss already made her sick. Penelope hung her head in humiliation, and 
closed her eyes, dreaming of Tom Cruise , or just freedom from that wretched place.


But That's where Penelope stays for the next two hours, waiting for the club
to open, bound, gagged, squirming, taste of Carl's piss still in her mouth.
Penelope tried jerking back and forth, twisting her legs despite the pain, 
hopping up and down a little, but this only worsens the situation as the vibrator
dildos in her ass and cunt get in unison shaking her entire body.
Frightened, Penelope is even pissing.

The club had started to fill in, and the news of today's special attraction had spread 
very much bringing at least twice as many people as regular days. 
These images are beamed directly on a screen in the main bar in the club upstairs.
Penelope's plight brings joy to the customers in Joey's club.
People are getting hornier looking at the misery of the beautiful actress.
They are told that anyone could use Penelope's urinal mouth for a price of 
just 20$. People are drinking extra beers to fill up their bladders quicker.
All this means extra business.

Finally it begins, Joey announces that people could start using Penelope piss-slut.  
Carl is sitting at a special counter issuing tickets to people going to the restroom.
People form a line and start coming to Penelope one by one.
They're drunk , but not too drunk and hence some of them miss their aim
pissing on Penelope's face, nose, hair. Then some get the idea and start aiming 
on different parts of Penelope's body.
Some piss on Penelope's face, on her sodden head, on her clamped tits.

One black fellow tried to remove the vibrator in Penelope's cunt and 
fist-fuck her. Mark the club manager, who was supervising the ordeal came down quickly 
and stopped him. He was angry and said that he would give thousands more for fistfucking
the whore. Mark came up with the idea that good money was there to be made.
He started charging people either 20$ just for pissing or they could pay 500$ and have 
10 minutes to do anything with Penelope. 

There was simply no limits to people's perversions. People were doing all kinds of things
to poor Penelope. Some slapped her, some temporarily removed the clamps and then picnhed 
her nipples, some were fist fucking her. Some people just came and pissed and went on 
to get few more beers so that they could come there once again and humiliate 
the stinking, yellow, piss-stained Penelope.

As the club fills up, and so does Penelope. For the next several hours Penelope sat 
there, chained, as people abused her several unimaginable ways.  
Her whole body is stinking from piss, Penelope's hair is plastered down 
on her head in a stinking, dirty, mess. Piss rubs on Penelope's tortured
nipples they scream for mercy- and there's none.

As more and more people want to use Penelope, Mark had to let them relieve themselves in 
other urinals. He told them that this was free of charge and assured them that later they 
would have Penelope clean all the urinals with her tongue. 
Fortunately for Penelope she was too busy drinking all the piss to hear this.
She saw people beginning to use other urinals and she was slightly relieved that she wouldn't
at least have to drink some piss, but she would only later find out that she was wrong.

Penelope's abuse continues till 2 am, the club would close at 3 am.
As Mark had promised the customers he says he will make Penelope lick the other urinals.
No costumors are allowed to enter the restroom after 2, Carl takes charge.
Now there are a few more cameras placed in the restroom, since Penelope is going to be 
all over the place and they didn't want to miss any piece of action or any expression
on Penelope's pretty face. 

Carl unchaines her from the wall, and removes the ring gag from her mouth.
Penelope thinks her ordeal is over at least for the night but she is wrong again.

Suddenly Carl grabs Penelope by her her and drags Penelope over to the first urinal 
in the row. He pushed her so that her face was level with it.
"Lick it up bitch. All that piss was really meant for you."

He pushes her head towards the bowl forcing Penelope to smell the yellow pool
that collected in the corners of the urinal drain. Penelope is still 
a bit dazed and a bit hesitant but Carl didn't leave her any choice.
Holding Penelope's head with one hand he removed the belt from his pant 
with the other. 

"Come on slut hurry up, you have got lots more urinals to clean up"
He shouted and brought the belt thrashing down on Penelope's back.
Penelope shrieked in agony and quickly began licking the urine from the 
urinal. She had consumed so much urine today that some more wouldn't probably
make much of a difference. 

Carl quickly jerked Penelope away from that urinal to the next one 
and pushed her face against the back wall of the urinal mashing her lips
against the piss wet porcelain. 

"Now do your job, quick. This is what dirty whores like you deserve." 
He says with an evil grin on his face.
Penelope not wanting to get another thrashing from the belt quickly starts
to lick the urine from this urinal. There were also pubic hair and a chewing
gum in it. Carl made Penelope pick up the piss-soaked chaewing gum and swallow it.
This scene brought lots of cheers from the crowd who were watching this upstairs 
in the club. 

Carl again grabbed the back of Penelope's  neck and pulled her
away from this dirty urinal to the next one. 
In this manner Penelope cleaned all the 10 urinals in the restroom.

After this Carl pushed Penelope into a toilet stall. 
He forced Penelope to her knees holding her head over the bowl of the toilet.
"Lucky for you this is the only one that's dirty. Now lick it clean bitch." 
Penelope was looking down into the bowl. Fortuntaly the person who had used it 
had flushed it, there were just some remains of shit floating in the water.
The water got suddenly closer as he pushed Penelope's face into it. 

"Lick that bowl clean, whore!"

He had removed the dildo from her ass and was fingering her asshole with one hand, 
occasionally running his fingers up Penelope's tits picnhing and squeezing them. 
"I know you like it you fucking bitch, dirty sluts like you need to get 
molested like this."

to be continued....

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  damian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





