BDSM Library - One Friday night




One Friday night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One perfect night, the thoughts and dreams of my loving wife and not always subserviant slave.
One Friday night

"Psst."
She was lost in thought when she heard him whisper to get her attention. She
wanted to finish that last stitch before she looked up from her needlework.
"Psst. Hey Baby." 
"Hmm?" she asked with the thread still in her mouth.
"I think I wanna get a little freaky tonight." 
"Oh yeah? Why do you say that?" she muttered with a half grin.
"Because I do and because I can" he said.

Hmm, she thought it actually doesn't sound half-bad. They had sex on a fairly
regular basis truth be told but he was always up for some more. He was always
game, even when he was feeling bad-particularly if he was feeling bad he wanted
it, she laughed in her head.

But 'getting a little freaky' meant a lot more.

And it could mean either a whole lot more or maybe just something light. There
was such a large spectrum of possibilities with him. She loved almost all of it,
but even with her submissive side she still couldn't bring herself to be a total
rag doll. He always said she would be a piss poor slave.

She then said, "okay but I want to finish this thread first." And he also
agreed, mainly because he was still watching whatever it was he was watching on
the history channel. But it gave her plenty of time to think about what was to
come. When she was finished she declared she was done for the night and they got
the house settled for them to retire into their bedroom.

They walked into their room and she absentmindedly looked at the large eyebolt
in the ceiling. It has been there so long now she sometimes doesn't even see it.
She wondered if it would get some use tonight.

He gave her a long slow kiss standing at the bed, and said he wanted to taste
her in other places besides her mouth. She immediately thought of how much
cleaning she had done that day and how sweaty she was between her legs, "okay
but I want to shower first."
"Good grief baby," was his reply then without warning all the dogs began jumping
onto the bed. They laughed and agreed she would take a shower and he would put
all the dogs into the living room.

She turned the water on and checked its temperature. She got in and began to
clean herself up, from her tits to her feet. Her hair would take forever to dry
so she tried to keep it from the showerhead. She thought about what kind of
shape her pussy was in, was it too bushy? He liked it trimmed up, and he loved
it bald but she just couldn't bring herself to do that very often. The itching
was insane. She decided she would trim it up real good to make sure all was
perfect for his visit later. She soaped herself up and got the razor, opened her
legs and shaved the top of her triangle and then the sides. This part wasn't as
erotic as the rest and she always did that last because it made her so weak and
fluid. She put one foot on the wall of the shower and took her left lip and
stretched it so it was real smooth and she shaved it clean. She did the other
side after she was happy with her handy work.

(She recalled that time he shaved her public area and how crazy it made her.
When she was excited it was painfully obvious that she was, with her pussy
juices flowing. And every now and again it goes to extremes-that night was one
of those times.)

After she was done she turned the water off and stepped from the shower. As she
dried herself off, she noted between her legs were wet not from the water but
from her thoughts and actions in the shower. She often though there was
something wrong with her, regarding her moisture. She told him many year ago
that yes, she gets real wet when they were asking one another personal questions
in the beginnings of their relationship. She wasn't lying and he wasn't
disappointed. "Crazy," she thought.

She walked back into the bedroom to find him on his computer looking at naked
pictures. He loved big girls. Not enormous gals, but the kind with meat on their
bones, small waists and soft bellies. Like me she thought, even though she had a
fairly active self-esteem problem.
"Psych'ing yourself up for our evening?" she said.
"No, I thought you might want to look at them with me"
"Cool," she said. And plopped down on the bed on her tummy. They looked at short
ones, tall ones, black ones and just about all kinds with a comment about them
every now and then. Sometimes he would touch one of her tits and play with it.
He knew what playing with her tits did, and liked it. Then out of the clear blue
he said, "I want to tie you up tonight." A shiver immediately ran through her.
Just the thought of it sometimes made her wet. And tonight she was getting it. 
"Hmm, sounds nice."

He walked around the bed to the nightstand and opened the top drawer. That was
where all the toys and gadgets were. He pulled out some rope, the soft kind. She
had a little wave of excitement rush between her legs and she thought she must
be real sticky by now. She didn't want him to think of his wife was a total
slut. But there was no way she could be coy about how excited she was when he
felt her there.

When he placed the first rope around her wrists, she couldn't keep her eyes from
closing and almost purring as he attached it securely to the bedpost. It made
her even more aroused if that was even possible. As he went down to secure her
feet he pulled them apart and he saw her glistening telltale evidence as such.
"Oh my, I think my baby is little bit excited." 
She could only giggle.

"I am going to blindfold you as well," he told her. Her only reply was a
delicious sounding throat moan. He wrapped the blindfold around her head
carefully as to not entangle her thick red hair. He didn't want to cause her any
discomfort, yet. He knew how much she enjoyed this, and yet it frightened her as
well. He was indeed a loving but sadistic husband at times. Oh well, you take
the good with the bad in life all the time he thought and grinned.

She laid there and was silent. He liked that; he could look her over and take
his time. She was modest but with a strange mix of exhibitionism. She didn't
like how she looked but he felt sometimes her views were a bit skewed. Her
nipples were erect and sitting there like insubordinate raspberries. He took one
of her breasts in his hand and caressed it, ever so gently at first but then he
squeezed with lustful aggression. She wiggled in her bindings, very nicely he
thought. He then took a finger and explored her lips, enough to make them
tickle. With this she instinctively licked them and now they glistened almost as
much as her other lips. He traced her body with his hand and purposely missed
all the places he wanted to touch. She wanted them touched as well, and he knew
that.
"Good things come to those who wait my dear," he said to her and silently to
himself.

He rummaged in the drawer partly to reacquaint himself to its contents, and to
stir up her suspense.
"Whatcha looking for babe?" she asked.
"The gag to keep you quiet."
"I can be quiet without one"
"Not tonight you can't," he said with an evil grin. Although she couldn't see it
with her eyes, she saw it in her mind.

He pulled out the duct tape, and a grabbed the pair of her panties from before
her shower. He put them in her mouth and taped it closed in one fluid motion.
Now she was in trouble she thought.

With her movement, eyesight, and verbal skills restricted he thought he might as
well go the extra step further. He took two cotton balls from the bathroom and
placed one in each ear and then put gun muffs over them. She was completely
isolated from all outside stimuli. This is something new she thought, but
whatever could he be up to? It is more frightening to not know at where the next
touch would come from, but it was also scary in a good way.
"Okay," she thought, slow your breathing down a bit and just be ready for
whatever comes.

Even though she told herself to be ready she truly wasn't for what happened
next. While she was in her dark silent world he had been preparing the stage. He
had a candle lit and gotten out a few goodies from the drawer. He raised the red
candle up high so it wouldn't totally scorch her when it landed on its target.
He let the first bomb fall. It must have been aimed perfectly because it spread
out directly on her left nipple. He saw her take that gasp in through her nose
and knew she was surprised. (Excellent he thought, she should always be on her
toes.) He let a few more drops fall on her left breast and then moved on to her
right. Her little raspberries had waxy shields now. He varied the height of each
fall of the candle wax and had one or two come in from close range, which of
course was subjective to each participant as to whether it was too close or not.

She gasped at the heat she felt on her tit.
"Oh my god what is he doing?" she thought but before she could think much more
then she felt another, and then another. Wonderful pain and pleasure was all her
body was aware of, it was ecstatic.

When he was finished with his art, he slowly picked some of the wax off her
tender breasts and lovingly rubbed them. He licked and suckled on each. He
closed his eyes and pictured himself a baby feeding off her and sucked deeply
and hard with his tongue. He wanted her attention, even though he knew he had it
a while ago. He took the clothespins and placed one on each tit, sideways as to
let the nipple peak through. He then turned his own attention to other areas. He
let his hand travel down her chest to her stomach. He could feel her bounding
heart rate as he did. He traced around her belly button and teased at going
further.

She was moving now, although not much. She was aching. Aching for his touch and
he teased her!
"How cruel," she thought, but she loved it. She couldn't help herself. As soon
as that first rope loop touched her she was putty in his hands and both of them
knew it. She motioned her hips toward him as best she could. And he smiled. He
got up and walked around to the bottom of the bed, and admired his handy work
that was the result of his advances. She was wet. Very wet. "Nicely trimmed up.
Look what a nice pussy my wife has, and how receptive too. I think she likes
this," he jokingly pondered. He moved slowly between her legs to let her know he
was down there. He could smell her freshly washed pussy. It smelled like peaches
sometimes when she sprayed that spray stuff down there and there was a faint
trace of it. But right now he could smell her lustful aroma that dominated the
air. He liked it, always had. No red-blooded American boy could honestly say
they didn't like eating pussy. There are two types of guys in this world, those
that eat pussy and those that lie about not doing it.

He kissed her slowly up her thighs, taking deliberate steps upward toward her
warm juices that were born through his "Platinum pussy". (Him and some friends
had rated their loves and fucks of their lives by precious metals, none were
lower then silver as he recalled.) He reached up with his fingers and felt her.
He heard that throaty moan from her again, and smiled at himself.

She was almost crazy by now she felt sure of it. He was driving her completely
insane.
"Oh please either fuck me or touch me," she screamed in her mind.
She was horney as hell and at this point if he would have untied her, she would
have fucked herself. And then she felt his breath on her pussy.
"Oh god, yes" was all she could think.
He was so skilled at this that she was convinced it was a natural gift he had.
He touched her tentatively with his fingers and she even thought she could feel
him smile. He then suddenly shoved two fingers up into her and rubbed her clit
with his other hand.
"Whoa! Now that's crazy."
But just as abruptly as he did that, he stopped and took to licking her gently
but with even pressure everywhere but giving extra attention to her throbbing
aching clit.

He finger fucked her with one hand and used the other one to move her swollen
folds from obstructing his view and target. He could feel her orgasm building
and knew she wouldn't take long. Without loosing his rhythm, he began to just
lick her clit with firm even pressure and wiggled his finger in her juicy pussy
that was beginning to have a rhythm of its own. Her throaty moans took a more
desperate animal tone, and he knew it was time. She thrust herself into his face
as best she could with being tied down and fell into oblivion with endorphins
pulsing through her at light speed. But he didn't stop.

He knew that if he kept going so would she, but she had to get over the hurdle
of having just came. She wiggled and protested but finally she stopped and began
building once again.
"This time she would squirt," he thought.

She did that sometimes. Although she didn't have any control over it. She thinks
its piss but he insists it is a female ejaculation. All she knows is that it
feels wonderful. He licked her a bit less this time and concentrated on
fingering her. If he bent his finger upward towards her tummy as he thrusted in
and out it would hit "her spot". He was working that spot now and could feel its
effects running over his hand. As she began to cum again he felt her muscles
contract inside and soon felt the warmth of the juices gush out of her.
"Oh yeah baby, squirt for me," he said without realizing she couldn't heard him.

She was almost out of breath at the end of that last one and they both knew she
needed a bit of a break. She was relived and yet lustful for his cock inside
that wet pussy of hers. She would have to be patient.

He began to kiss her up her body slowly but with direct purpose. He wanted to
get his dick wet, but not yet in her lower body. When he was straddling her
chest he ripped the tape off her mouth quickly making her shriek though the
panties in her mouth. It scared her but it hurt too. She immediately spit the
sopping panties out and shouted, "ouch, that hurt!"  He laughed and said in a
taunting tone, "it did? I'm sorry."
"Yeah, right"
He grabbed her by her hair pulling her head forward and said, "shut up, if you
don't shut up now I will shut you up."
"I only said..." was all she got out before he shoved his rock hard dick right
into her mouth.
"Ok, now suck my dick dammit," he said as he rammed it further into her small
mouth, still holding onto her hair and bobbing it on his cock. She was powerless
to do otherwise but try her best to suck it as he fucked her mouth. She was
going to gag, and he could feel the muscles in the back of her throat contract.
But he kept on. Just when she thought that she was going to throw up all over
his dick, he withdrew. Playfully he wiped her chin of all the saliva that
drooled from her face.

She coughed and choked but he knew that if she could do that then she could
breathe and that was the only reason why he stopped. He loved to play rough with
her as much as she did but he was always careful not to break his toy.

He took his dick and slapped her titties with it. He knocked the clothespins off
with a snap and slapped it on her lips. She stuck her tongue out like the good
girl she tried to be. But she was pissed. She had a love/hate relationship with
being dominated. This gave him a moment to calm himself down as he thought that
it was almost time to tear that pussy up.

He took the muffs and cotton from her ears, he wanted her to hear him now.
"I am going to untie your legs now, but only from the bottom of the bed. I am
then going to tie them up on the same posts as your arms. Do not fight with me
or be difficult because you are going in that position no matter what. And you
could find yourself in a bad way if you make it harder for me."
She didn't say anything. By not saying anything she could be unpredictable, so
he would be cautious.

He moved off of her, making sure to rub himself on her breasts. He untied her
left leg from the post. He waited and watched. He knew that he couldn't tie up
that leg while the other was still tied on the other end of the bed. But he had
an idea.

He rummaged in the drawer again and found the small slim dildo. He then grabbed
her free leg and lifted it up. He placed it inside her pussy to get it wet. He
then placed it next to her asshole. She was immediately still. Not that she was
moving a lot before but he could feel the stiffening of her body.
"Yes my dear, you do feel that right up against your little asshole. If you
don't cooperate this and more are going to go right in that tight little hole of
yours. Do you understand?"
She shook her head yes.
"Alright, I am going to untie the other leg. Remember, your ass is literally on
the line."

He knew that she would behave, but he was going to have a little fun with her
fear especially when he finally got her in position. He untied the other leg and
she was as malleable as clay. He then retied her legs above her on the top of
the bed. This put her in a rather interesting position. Everything was nicely
assessable.

She felt that wet dildo up against her asshole and knew exactly what the deal
was. She let him move her how he wanted. She felt so vulnerable, but she knew
that if she didn't behave he would fuck her ass. As much as she disliked it, he
loved it. She had her reasons and he knew it, but he couldn't help himself. She
was always in fear that he would request it or just take it. She had come along
way in many years regarding anal sex but she probably wouldn't ever get over
that fear. Even now and then it added just a touch of excitement. And sometimes
he used that fear, to his advantage.

He smiled and told her, "what a good girl you are. You behaved and now you are
pretty much helpless, you realize that right?"
She only shook her head yes.
"That's right Baby, but don't despair we are still going to have some fun, you
might scream a little and I might cum all over you."
"Babe, you promised."
"Hush now," as he placed his fingers on her lips, "you don't want to talk when I
want you to hush. It could be bad for you." He loved being evil and right now
she was scared of that.

He placed the dildo inside her pussy and fucked her gently with it. Then he
slowly took it out and danced around her asshole with it. He watched it pucker
and her cringe. He took his finger and licked it. Slowly, and carefully he
played with her asshole until he had that finger in her ass. He saw her
discomfort and in a stern voice told her, "quit being a big cry baby or I will
give you something to cry about."
She whined a little bit and tried her best to remain still and quiet.

She hated that, but she always tried so hard to please him. She was definitely
in an uncomfortable position, literally and figuratively. She did her best to
control her fear and her imagination from getting the best of her. But she
wasn't doing such a great job, and began to whine a bit more.

He was enjoying her ass a lot, but not like he wanted too. If didn't love this
woman he would ram his dick right into her ass as deep as he could shove it and
fuck that tight asshole until it was loose with either his cum, or her blood.
And in his mind it really wouldn't matter which. But, and there unfortunately
was that "but", regarding her butt-how ironic he thought. He knew he couldn't
truly hurt her intentionally. But, he could still keep that question hovering
around in her head.

He slipped his finger out of her ass, and then placed his dick in between the
two holes he loved most.
She was so tense, so unsure, so nervous. He loved it.
"Eeny, meeny, miney, mo, catch a tiger by his toe, if she hollars let her go,
eeny, meeny, miney, mo."
He then plunged his hard dick into her wet pussy. She gasped at the surprise,
the relief and the pleasure of that action. He put his finger in her mouth and
told her to wet it, eagerly she did. He took that finger and as he was pumping
his dick into her, with her bottom in the air; began to rub her big clit with
it.

He fucked her, and well. She finally had that dick in her, and it was luscious.
It didn't take her long to get into the rhythm of his actions and soon she was
moaning in pleasure. She had probably three or four smaller orgasms, but a big
one was on its way.
"oh god baby, oh god"
"you gonna cum now with me dear?"
"yes, yes, yeeesss."

He could feel her muscled clinch up and her pussy expel more wetness. As she did
this he felt his own surge of liquid rise up from within and explode to mix with
hers. Then they finally paused and caught their breath. Sweaty and tired they
were both ready to enjoy some sleep. They were spent but satisfied with a
capital S.
"Can you untie me now? My legs hurt." 
He laughed, "sure baby."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jinxy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





