BDSM Library - Jena Commits to Six Months




Jena Commits to Six Months
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young female agrees to meet her online Master and serve him as his sex slave for a six month period, unsure if she is truly ready to handle such a demanding position.
"Jena Commits to Six Months"


Copyright Dave Haugen 2003


********************************************************
If you are under the age of 18, or if erotic literature 
focusing on rape, humiliation and non-consentuality is 
personally offensive to you, please do NOT read any 
further!  Thank you!
********************************************************


*** CHAPTER 1 ***

Day 1

Dave couldn't believe how easy it had been.

For four months, he had been corresponding with a 23 
year old divorced female named Jena.  He met her in an 
online bdsm chat room where she had been apparently 
seeking men to roleplay bondage fantasies with her.  
Zeroing in on her, Dave initiated some conversation 
chat, and discovered a lot about Jena in the next few 
weeks.

Jena had just been recently divorced after finding out 
that her husband had been cheating on her, consequently 
ending their marriage after only less than a year.  Jena 
described herself as a petite although very attractive 
person who had always had submissive fantasies, but had 
never told anyone about them, including her ex husband, 
best friends and ex boyfriends.

Using his intelligence and natural charm, Dave whittled 
away at her persona, uncovering new secrets and the 
inner workings of Jena's personality.  After a month, 
Jena grew to completely trust Dave, enough that they 
were corresponding daily via emails and telephone calls.  
Dave took it slowly with Jena, clearly letting her know 
that he could ultimately be the dominant answer to her 
submissive nature.

After several long, soul-bearing phone calls, Dave 
finally proposed that they get together to play out some 
of their submissive fantasies.  Jena's main interest was 
to serve as a long term slave, completely submissive in 
every way to one master.  Dave had forwarded some 
standard Internet dominant/submissive questionnaires to 
Jena so that they could compare compatibilities, and 
Dave found it interesting to see what Jena's fantasies 
consisted of.

Dave's checklist turned out like this:

YES = No compromise, this WILL happen
MAYBE = I might consider doing this
NO = I would NOT consider doing this EVER

YES		Anal sex  
YES		Anal plugs (small)  
YES		Anal plugs (large)  
YES		Anal plug (public, under clothes)  
NO			Auctioned for charity  
YES		Bathroom use control  
MAYBE	Beastiality (animal sex)  
YES		Beating (soft)  
MAYBE	Beating (hard)  
YES		Blindfolds  
YES		Being serviced (sexual)  
YES		Breast/chest bondage  
YES		Boot worship  
YES		Bondage (light)  
YES		Bondage (heavy)  
YES		Bondage (multi-day)  
YES		Bondage (public, under clothing)  
YES		Breast whipping  
YES		Cages (locked inside of)     
YES		Caning  
YES		Cells/Closets (locked inside of)  
YES		Chains  
YES		Chores (domestic service/housework)  
YES		Clothespins  
YES		Cock worship  
YES		Collars (worn in private)  
MAYBE	Collars (worn in public)  
MAYBE	Competitions (with other submissives)  
YES		Cuffs (leather)  
YES		Cuffs (metal)  
YES		Dildoes  
YES		Double penetration(anal & vaginal or anal & oral)  
YES		Electrical toys  
YES		Enemas (for cleansing)  
YES		Enemas (retention/punishment)  
YES		Examinations (physical)  
MAYBE	Exhibitionism (friends)  
MAYBE	Exhibitionism (strangers)  
YES		Face slapping  
YES		Fantasy rape  
YES		Fantasy gang-rape  
YES		Fear (being scared)  
YES		Fisting (anal)  
YES		Fisting (vaginal)  
YES		Flame play  
YES		Following orders  
YES		Foot worship  
MAYBE	Forced homosexuality (bi or gay sex)  
YES		Forced masturbation (public)  
MAYBE	Forced masturbation (private)  
YES		Forced nudity (private)  
MAYBE	Forced nudity (public)  
YES		Forced servitude  
YES		Full head hoods  
YES		Gags (cloth)  
YES		Gags (inflatable)  
YES		Gags (phallic)  
YES		Gags (rubber)  
YES		Gags (tape)  
NO			Given away to another Dom (temp)   
NO			Given away to another Dom (perm)  
YES		Golden showers (being pissed on)  
YES		Hairbrush spankings  
YES		Hair pulling  
YES		Hand jobs
YES		Harnessing (leather)  
YES		Harnessing (rope)  
YES		Having food chosen for you  
YES		Having clothing chosen for you  
YES		Head (give fellatio/cunnilingus)  
YES		Head (receive fellatio/cunnilingus)  
YES		Homage with tongue (non-sexual)  
YES		Hoods  
YES		Hot oils (on genitals)  
YES		Hot waxing  
YES		Housework (doing)  
YES		Humiliation (private)  
MAYBE	Humiliation (public)  
YES		Ice cubes inserted (anal or vaginal)  
YES		Immobilization  
YES		Intricate (Japanese) rope bondage  
YES		Interrogations  
YES		Kidnapping  
YES		Kneeling  
YES		Leather clothing  
YES		Leather restraints  
YES		Licking (non-sexual)  
MAYBE	Lingerie (wearing in public)  
YES		Lingerie (wearing in private)  
YES		Manacles & Irons  
YES		Manicures (giving)  
YES		Massage (giving)  
YES		Massage (receiving)  
YES		Medical scenes  
YES		Mouth bits  
YES		Mummification  
YES		Nipple clamps  
MAYBE	Nipple rings (piercing)  
YES		Nipple play/"torture"  
YES		Nipple weights  
YES		Oral/anal rimming (licking)  
YES		Over-the-knee spanking  
YES		Orgasm denial  
YES		Orgasm control  
YES		Outdoor scenes   
YES		Outdoor sex  
MAYBE	Pain (severe)  
YES		Pain (mild)  
YES		Piercing (temporary, play-pierce)  
MAYBE	Piercing (permanent)  
YES		Pony slave  
MAYBE	Public exposure  
YES		Punishment Scene  
YES		Pussy whipping  
YES		Pussy worship  
YES		Riding crops  
YES		Riding the "horse" (crotch tort.)  
YES		Restrictive rules on behavior  
YES		Rubber/latex clothing  
YES		Rope body harness  
YES		Saran wrapping  
YES		Serving  
YES		Serving as art  
YES		Serving as furniture  
YES		Serving as a maid  
YES		Serving orally (sexual)  
YES		Sexual deprivation (short term)  
YES		Shaving & hair removal (body hair)  
YES		Sleep deprivation  
YES		Slutty clothing (private)  
MAYBE	Slutty clothing (public)  
YES		Spandex clothing  
YES		Spanking  
YES		Speech restrictions (when, what)  
YES		Speculums (Anal)  
YES		Speculums (vaginal)  
YES		Spreader bars  
YES		Standing in corner  
YES		Stocks  
YES		Straight jackets  
YES		Strap-on-Dildoes (sucking on)  
YES		Strap-on-Dildoes (penetrated by)  
YES		Strapping (full body beating)  
YES		Suspension (upright)  
YES		Suspension (inverted)  
YES		Suspension (horizontal)  
YES		Swallowing semen  
YES		Swallowing urine  
MAYBE	Tattooing  
YES		Teasing  
YES		TENS Unit
YES		Tickling  
YES		Triple penetration  
YES		Uniforms  
YES		Vaginal dildo  
YES		Verbal humiliation and degradation  
YES		Vibrator on genitals  
YES		Violet Wand (electrical toy)  
YES		Waxing (hair removal or candle drip)  
YES		Wearing symbolic jewelry  
YES		Whipping  
YES		Wooden paddles  


Jena's checklist turned out like this:

YES = No compromise, this WILL happen
MAYBE = I might consider doing this
NO = I would NOT consider doing this EVER

MAYBE	Anal sex  
MAYBE	Anal plugs (small)  
MAYBE	Anal plugs (large)  
MAYBE	Anal plug (public, under clothes)  
NO			Auctioned for charity  
MAYBE	Bathroom use control  
MAYBE	Beastiality (animal sex)  
MAYBE	Beating (soft)  
MAYBE	Beating (hard)  
MAYBE	Blindfolds  
MAYBE	Being serviced (sexual)  
MAYBE	Breast/chest bondage  
MAYBE	Boot worship  
YES		Bondage (light)  
MAYBE	Bondage (heavy)  
MAYBE	Bondage (multi-day)  
MAYBE	Bondage (public, under clothing)  
MAYBE	Breast whipping  
MAYBE	Cages (locked inside of)     
MAYBE	Caning  
MAYBE	Cells/Closets (locked inside of)  
YES		Chains  
YES		Chores (domestic service/housework)  
MAYBE	Clothespins  
MAYBE	Cock worship  
MAYBE	Collars (worn in private)  
MAYBE	Collars (worn in public)  
NO			Competitions (with other submissives)  
YES		Cuffs (leather)  
YES		Cuffs (metal)  
MAYBE	Dildoes  
MAYBE	Double penetration(anal & vaginal or anal & oral)  
MAYBE	Electrical toys  
MAYBE	Enemas (for cleansing)  
MAYBE	Enemas (retention/punishment)  
MAYBE	Examinations (physical)  
MAYBE	Exhibitionism (friends)  
MAYBE	Exhibitionism (strangers)  
MAYBE	Face slapping  
MAYBE	Fantasy rape  
MAYBE	Fantasy gang-rape  
MAYBE	Fear (being scared)  
MAYBE	Fisting (anal)  
MAYBE	Fisting (vaginal)  
MAYBE	Flame play  
YES		Following orders  
MAYBE	Foot worship  
MAYBE	Forced homosexuality (bi or gay sex)  
MAYBE	Forced masturbation (public)  
MAYBE	Forced masturbation (private)  
MAYBE	Forced nudity (private)  
MAYBE	Forced nudity (public)  
YES		Forced servitude  
MAYBE	Full head hoods  
YES		Gags (cloth)  
YES		Gags (inflatable)  
YES		Gags (phallic)  
YES		Gags (rubber)  
YES		Gags (tape)  
NO			Given away to another Dom (temp)   
NO			Given away to another Dom (perm)  
MAYBE	Golden showers (being pissed on)  
MAYBE	Hairbrush spankings  
MAYBE	Hair pulling  
MAYBE	Hand jobs
MAYBE	Harnessing (leather)  
MAYBE	Harnessing (rope)  
YES		Having food chosen for you  
YES		Having clothing chosen for you  
YES		Head (give fellatio/cunnilingus)  
YES		Head (receive fellatio/cunnilingus)  
YES		Homage with tongue (non-sexual)  
MAYBE	Hoods  
MAYBE	Hot oils (on genitals)  
MAYBE	Hot waxing  
YES		Housework (doing)  
YES		Humiliation (private)  
MAYBE	Humiliation (public)  
MAYBE	Ice cubes inserted (anal or vaginal)  
YES		Immobilization  
MAYBE	Intricate (Japanese) rope bondage  
MAYBE	Interrogations  
MAYBE	Kidnapping  
YES		Kneeling  
YES		Leather clothing  
YES		Leather restraints  
MAYBE	Licking (non-sexual)  
MAYBE	Lingerie (wearing in public)  
YES		Lingerie (wearing in private)  
MAYBE	Manacles & Irons  
YES		Manicures (giving)  
YES		Massage (giving)  
YES		Massage (receiving)  
MAYBE	Medical scenes  
MAYBE	Mouth bits  
MAYBE	Mummification  
YES		Nipple clamps  
MAYBE	Nipple rings (piercing)  
MAYBE	Nipple play/"torture"  
MAYBE	Nipple weights  
MAYBE	Oral/anal rimming (licking)  
YES		Over-the-knee spanking  
YES		Orgasm denial  
YES		Orgasm control  
YES		Outdoor scenes   
YES		Outdoor sex  
MAYBE	Pain (severe)  
MAYBE	Pain (mild)  
MAYBE	Piercing (temporary, play-pierce)  
MAYBE	Piercing (permanent)  
MAYBE	Pony slave  
MAYBE	Public exposure  
YES		Punishment Scene  
MAYBE	Pussy whipping  
YES		Pussy worship  
MAYBE	Riding crops  
MAYBE	Riding the "horse" (crotch tort.)  
YES		Restrictive rules on behavior  
MAYBE	Rubber/latex clothing  
YES		Rope body harness  
MAYBE	Saran wrapping  
YES		Serving  
YES		Serving as art  
YES		Serving as furniture  
YES		Serving as a maid  
YES		Serving orally (sexual)  
YES		Sexual deprivation (short term)  
YES		Shaving & hair removal (body hair)  
YES		Sleep deprivation  
YES		Slutty clothing (private)  
MAYBE	Slutty clothing (public)  
YES		Spandex clothing  
YES		Spanking  
YES		Speech restrictions (when, what)  
MAYBE	Speculums (Anal)  
MAYBE	Speculums (vaginal)  
MAYBE	Spreader bars  
YES		Standing in corner  
MAYBE	Stocks  
MAYBE	Straight jackets  
MAYBE	Strap-on-Dildoes (sucking on)  
MAYBE	Strap-on-Dildoes (penetrated by)  
MAYBE	Strapping (full body beating)  
YES		Suspension (upright)  
YES		Suspension (inverted)  
YES		Suspension (horizontal)  
YES		Swallowing semen  
MAYBE	Swallowing urine  
MAYBE	Tattooing  
YES		Teasing  
MAYBE	TENS Unit
YES		Tickling  
MAYBE	Triple penetration  
YES		Uniforms  
MAYBE	Vaginal dildo  
YES		Verbal humiliation and degradation  
YES		Vibrator on genitals  
MAYBE	Violet Wand (electrical toy)  
MAYBE	Waxing (hair removal or candle drip)  
YES		Wearing symbolic jewelry  
YES		Whipping  
MAYBE	Wooden paddles  


Dave chuckled to himself at the number of MAYBEs in her 
responses.  It was as though she was too naive to really 
know what was going to be expected of her if she 
actually decided to become his slave.

Seeking out a lawyer buddy, Dave had an actual contract 
drawn out, basically making him completely safe from any 
potential lawsuits coming from her, and claming that all 
acts that happened between them were consensual and 
legal.  Dave suggested to Jena that she have her own 
lawyer check it out, but Jena told Dave that she trusted 
him and that she really wanted to become his slave, as 
the idea had been exciting and arousing her for a while 
now.

Dave knew that he had Jena exactly where he wanted her, 
and he was quite surprised when she told him that she 
had quit her lame waitressing job and was willing to fly 
down to his home in California to become his slave for 
six months, as Dave had recommended.  Dave made the 
flight arrangements and Jena told her family that she 
would be taking a six month research sabbatical so no 
one would become suspicious.  It was Jena's complete 
trust in him that allowed her to feel comfortable doing 
it.  That, and her intensely submissive desires that 
were eating away inside of her, fuelled by her chats and 
conversations with the man who had aroused her for so 
long.

The big day had finally arrived, and Dave pulled his car 
into the airport parking lot, ready to meet his new 
slave for the first time.  He took a final look at 
several of the pictures that Jena had sent him.  Fuck 
she was hot, muttered Dave to himself as he stared at 
pictures of her 5 foot 2, 95 pound petite body, her 34b 
breasts, 24 inch waist, 31 inch hips, and nice thin 
legs, framed by a delicately petite ass.  She was in 
great shape, exercised almost excessively every day to 
keep her body looking as good as it did.  Jena had long, 
straight brown hair, that draped down below her 
shoulders, and a beautiful set of sparkling green eyes.  
She had a soft gentle feminine voice and perfectly pale 
white skin.  Gorgeous in every way.  She looked as if 
she was about 16, not 23.  Her husband must have been a 
complete asshole to abandon her, thought Dave to himself 
as he stepped out of his car and into the airport.

Jena nervously picked up her bags and walked down a long 
airport corridor, recognizing Dave instantly from the 
pictures she had seen.  Dave was over 6 feet tall, with 
a good build.  He too worked out, although muscular 
strength and endurance were his objectives.  Weighing 
more than twice what Jena weighed was formidable and 
intimidating to her, but it only fuelled her arousal 
even more, knowing that such a large and strong man 
would be dominating her.

"Hello Jena, nice to finally meet you." said Dave, 
smiling, as he extended his hand to her.

"Thank you, it's nice to meet you too." said Jena, 
returning his smile, looking up into his eyes.

They were both more than satisfied with each other's 
appearance, and together, they walked to Dave's car, and 
made some small talk on the way back to Dave's place, 
getting to know each other a little better.

Dave lived in a huge six bedroom house on a large 
secluded acreage.  His successful business and some luck 
in the stock market made him financially independent and 
allowed him to focus on the true loves of his life, 
women and sex.  And now, he had a woman who would 
submissively be providing him with lots of the latter 
for the next half year.

Pulling into acreage, Dave parked his car inside his 
garage, then turned towards Jena, who looked over to him 
timidly.

"We're here Jena.  You realize that there isn't any 
turning back.  You're here for six months, completely 
under my control.  Are you okay with that?" 

"Yes Dave." said Jena quietly, not sounding quite as 
confident as Dave.

Suddenly, a sharp slap to Jena's left cheek caused her 
to quickly recoil backwards.  She was completely in 
shock as she held her stinging cheek, staring at Dave 
with large wide eyes, like a deer caught in a set of 
headlights.

"You hit me!" said Jena fearfully.

"Fucking right I did slut.  From now on, you will refer 
to me as Sir, nothing else.  The name Dave means nothing 
to you now.  Understand?"

Jena quickly nodded, still dazed from being hit.

"Well?" asked Dave as he glared dominantly into her 
eyes.

"Yes Sir."

"Good.  Now step out of the car and carry your things.  
I'll show you where to put them." said Dave sternly as 
Jena quickly complied.

Jena followed Dave into the house, lugging her bags in 
her arms.  Looking around, Jena saw that the house was 
quite large, and sparsely decorated.  The internal 
architecture was immaculate, done almost completely in 
wood paneling.  As she looked around, Dave led her 
upstairs to the master bedroom, which sported a huge 
king size bed and several pieces of exercise equipment.

"You can put your bags down here slut." said Dave, the 
tone of his voice much different than the friendly 
nature he had used with her on the way home from the 
airport.  As afraid as she was however, Jena felt 
herself becoming quite aroused from actually being in 
the place that she had fantasized about for so long.

"Now, take off your clothes.  I'll be giving you a new 
outfit to wear this afternoon." said Dave as he watched 
her reaction.  Submissively, and without argument, Jena 
began to unbutton her blouse and pulled it off of her 
shoulders, exposing her tiny tits being held inside of a 
lacy black bra.  Dave's cock began to harden in his 
pants as he looked at the teenage-like body stripping 
before him.  Jena then unbuttoned and stepped out of her 
jeans, kicking off her shoes to take them off.

"Jena, I want everything off, except for you socks.  You 
can put your running shoes back on too."

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she noticeably blushed when 
she reached behind her back to unclasp her bra, letting 
it fall to the floor.  Once the panties came off, and 
she was completely exposed to him, Dave let her put her 
socks and shoes on before forcing her to stop and stand 
still.

"Fuck, you are so fucking beautiful slut." said Dave as 
he walked around her in circles, looking at every square 
inch of her beautiful pale pink skin.  Not a blemish on 
her, thought Dave, it was as though her skin had been 
air brushed on.  Dave loved her long brown hair, but 
decided that a ponytail was in order, to enhance her 
already youthful look.  Dave tossed her a scrunchie.

"Get your hair in a ponytail.  I like you looking as 
young as possible."

Taking the scrunchie, Jena did as Dave asked, and stood 
still once her hair was in a long ponytail behind her.

Dave's cock was massively hard in his pants now, and he 
had to inspect this incredible young female a little bit 
further.

"Get on the bed now slut, on your back with your knees 
pulled back to your armpits." commanded Dave as he 
watched Jena instantly respond.  Dave's cock jumped as 
he got his first glance at her tight shaved snatch 
staring directly at him as she pulled her knees back, 
causing her to be completely exposed to his roving eyes.

Kneeling down on the floor in front of her, Dave noticed 
that Jena's breathing had started to become rapid; she 
was obviously nervous having a stranger staring so 
intimately at her moist young parts.  Lowering his face 
downwards, Dave pushed his nose in between her outer 
pussy lips, and inhaled deeply, the sharp pungent aroma 
of female flesh wafting through his nasal passages.

"When's your period due slut?" asked Dave.

"In a week Sir." replied Jena, still trembling and 
shaking from being in such a vulnerable position.

"That's fine.  During that time, we'll be working on 
your anal training.  Understand slut?"

"Yes Sir."

"Good." said Dave as he started to eat out Jena's crotch 
for the next ten minutes, enjoying the sharp odors and 
tastes emanating from within her.  Jena shook and 
shuddered throughout his oral ministrations, feeling 
herself becoming intensely aroused, but Dave stopped 
long before she was even able to think about cumming.

"Now slut, sit up and lick my face clean." said Dave, 
full of lust towards his young slave.

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she sat up and licked his 
face from neck to forehead, cleaning it of all of her 
juices, making sure that she did a thorough job, not 
missing a single spot.  Dave kissed her back several 
times, tasting her again, and enjoying the feel of her 
smooth tongue, excited about how wonderful it was going 
to feel cleaning his cock.

Dave stood up and ordered Jena to stand up next to him.

"This is where you'll be sleeping when you've been 
good...in the master bedroom with myself.  Now, come 
with me and I'll show you where you'll be sleeping when 
you've been bad.

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she followed him downstairs 
and outside, wearing only her shoes and socks.  Dave led 
her down a narrow path in the woods to a small eight 
foot by eight foot completely fenced in area, complete 
with a rickety old wooden floorless dog house.  Jena 
shuddered as she looked in shock at the zoo-like caged 
area that was in the middle of nowhere, covered in 
branches, brush and leaves.

"Now Jena, I want you to get in there for a few minutes 
to get an idea of what it's going to be like should you 
ever disobey me and find yourself spending the night out 
here." said Dave as he unlatched the cage's small two 
foot door, holding it open, motioning for Jena to crawl 
through it, inside the cage.

Instead of going inside, Jena stood frozen, not wanting 
to enter such a filthy looking place.  Angrily, Dave 
grabbed her wrist and pulled her to the forest floor, 
spanking her harshly on her bare ass a dozen times.

"You fucking slut!  When I give you an order you had 
better fucking do it immediately.  Got it??" barked Dave 
as he finished slapping her now reddened ass.

"Yes!!!!!! Please stop!" cried out Jena fearfully, 
feeling the first real pain administered by her new 
master.  The stinging in her ass only added to the 
erotic feelings inside of her tummy that had built up 
when Dave had eaten her out.  As afraid as she was, she 
knew that this was exactly what she had wanted, and told 
herself that she wouldn't have left if she had been able 
to.

Staying on her knees, Jena climbed through the tiny cage 
door into the cage, and Dave shut it loudly behind her, 
locking the heavy padlock, keeping her effectively 
trapped inside.

Jena looked at the rickety, splintery dog house, 
noticing instantly that the roof was practically non 
existent, full of holes, and she imagined what it would 
be like being here in the pouring rain...she knew she 
would be soaked, and completely unprotected from the 
elements.  Jena's hands and knees were getting dirty and 
muddy from the damp ground beneath her, the thorns and 
branches from the brush scraping her as she crawled 
around in the cage.  Suddenly, Jena noticed ants 
crawling up her legs and she jumped up, her head hitting 
the top of the cage, only three feet above the ground.

"Oh my God, there's ants on me!!!!  Get them off me!!!!" 
screamed Jena as she panicked, trying to brush them off 
of her naked skin, realizing that there was an anthill 
right in the center of the cage ground!  Dave laughed as 
she cowered in the far corner of the cage, crouched 
down, not able to stand upright, still pushing ants off 
of her, watching the ground carefully for any more that 
might be trying to creep over her shoes.

"So slut, I hope you realize how serious I am when I say 
that I expect perfection out of you.  Understand?"

"Yes Sir now please let me out please!!!!" begged Jena 
pathetically, watching as Dave unlocked the padlock.  
Before he could even finish opening the cage door, Jena 
had sprinted forward, crawling quickly through the 
opening, standing upwards and still squirming from the 
feel of the ants on her skin.

Dave smiled, shaking his head.  "Something tells me that 
you wouldn't like having to spend an entire night in 
there, eh babe?"

"No Sir, I'll be good, I promise!" replied Jena quickly.

Dave led her back to the house and decided to explain 
some other things that Jena would have to know about her 
stay with him.

"Ok slut, I want you to kneel down and sit on your heels 
while I show you some "accessories" that you'll be 
using."

Jena obeyed, and as she sat in the middle of the kitchen 
floor, Dave tossed a thick studded dog collar to the 
floor in front of her.

"That's your dog collar, which makes you my bitch.  Put 
it on." said Dave, as he watched Jena submissively 
placing it around her neck.  "I even have a number of 
leashes of varying length that attaches to the collar 
when we go jogging every morning at 6 AM sharp."

Dave then tossed a red plastic dog dish to her knees.  
"This is what you'll be eating out of.  I'll eat at the 
table, you'll eat on the floor, even though you'll be 
the one preparing the meals around here and cleaning up 
the dishes afterwards.  Now stand up."

Quickly, Jena stood up, and Dave forced her to prepare a 
meal for them by making a tossed salad, two baked 
potatoes and two grilled pork chops.  While she cooked, 
Dave took the opportunity to fondle her feminine charms 
and play with her lewdly, tweaking her nipples and 
pinching her ass and thighs, making it very 
uncomfortable and difficult for her to complete her 
task.

Dave had Jena feed him his meal, and as he sipped his 
beer after dinner, he watched with humor as he forced 
Jena to eat her meal out of her dog dish without using 
her hands.  Her face was a mess of salad dressing, sour 
cream and butter after she was done, and Dave decided to 
leave her face all sticky and messy for a while.

"Ok slut.  Come with me over to the computer.  For the 
next two hours, while our meals digest, and while I 
watch the evening news, you have a job to do." said Dave 
as he sat Jena cross-legged on the floor, putting a 
keyboard on her lap and a mouse with a mouse pad on the 
floor.  Instead of a monitor, Dave used a projector to 
beam the image onto a large white wall, so that he could 
monitor her web surfing.

"Now, your job is to download porn for me for the next 
two hours.  Here is a list of topics that I want you to 
find stories, images and movies of.  I want them 
appropriately titled and saved onto the second hard 
drive in the computer, and you'll be doing this task for 
two to four hours a day.  I want and expect an extensive 
porn collection created over the next six months."

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she shuddered at Dave's list: 
Double Penetration, Bestiality, Golden Showers...and on 
and on it went.

For the next two hours, Dave sat in his lazy boy sipping 
port as he watched television, glancing now and then at 
the screen behind the tv to see what porn Jena was 
surfing and saving.  At one point, Dave had her sit in 
front of him so he could rest his legs on her ass, while 
she knelt down, continuing to type and surf, albeit 
uncomfortably.

"Ok slut.  It's exercise time.  And seeing as how it 
looks a little showery outside, you'll work out in here.  
I love the fact that you're in great shape Jena, and I 
am going to ensure that I keep you that way, if not 
improve on your muscle tone."

Jena followed Dave upstairs and he put her through a 
vigorous two hours of almost solid exercise.  From the 
treadmill to the exercise bike, from the weight bench to 
the jungle gym, Dave worked Jena until she was totally 
and completely exhausted.  Sweat covered her body, and 
she could hardly catch her breath.  Dave loved pushing 
her limits on each piece of equipment, ensuring that he 
used his belt and a whip to keep her going at the pace 
he demanded of her.  By the time she was finished, she 
had little welts and marks all over her body where he 
had struck her.

"Good workout Jena.  Let's hit the showers." said Dave 
as he led her into the master bathroom.  They took a 
shower together, and Jena was able to see Dave's eight 
inch cock for the first time, a little startled at its 
size, as Dave knew that her ex husband's had been much 
smaller.  Dave made her soap herself off first, and then 
forced her to use her nipples and breasts to lather soap 
onto his body, and to remove it as well under the warm 
water coming from above.  Dave played with her tight 
vagina, fingering it and licking off the juices from 
within her.  Once the shower was complete, Dave had Jena 
towel them both off, and then he decided to dress her up 
for the rest of the night.

Leading her over to the drawer, Dave took out a pre 
bought outfit that he had been dying to see her in.  He 
took out a little light green kiddie halter top that had 
the word "Princess" written on it in glittery red 
lettering, and a short pair of kiddie pj shorts, of 
which both items were much too tight for her.  Jena 
looked completely humiliated in wearing the tight kiddie 
clothes.  To finish the effect, Dave had her put her 
hair into pigtails, and she resembled a 14 year old girl 
in her little pjs, which got Dave's cock hard as a rock.

"It's 7 PM Jena.  We're going to pop some popcorn and 
watch a movie tonight before heading off to bed.  Well, 
I'll be watching a movie anyway."

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she followed Dave downstairs 
to the kitchen.  Dave made her pop some popcorn, forcing 
her at one point to remove the lid from the pop and to 
place her bare tiny breasts over the pot so that several 
of the hot kernels would come up and hit the underside 
of them, burning them and making her yelp out in pain.

Retiring into the living room, Dave sat on his favorite 
chair, nude, and put in "Bridge on the River Kwai".

"Now slut, while I sit here and eat my popcorn and watch 
the movie, you're going to be giving my lower body a 
tongue bath, from my feet to my waist.  I want you to 
take your time and to use your sexy tongue to slowly 
cover every tiny square inch of my skin with your 
saliva.  Once you're done, let me know, and I'll scoot 
my rear end to the edge of the chair and let you tongue 
my ass for a good half hour or so.  Understood?"

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she put in the DVD and 
returned to Dave to complete her duties.  For a half an 
hour, Dave relaxed as he felt Jena's soft tongue licking 
his entire lower body, including every little space 
between his toes, around his ankles and feet, up his 
calves, around his knees and all around his thighs.  As 
ordered, she licked his asshole and balls out for a good 
half hour, and Dave loved the feel of her wet tongue 
poking in and out of his ass.  Now and then, he would 
toss out a piece of popcorn onto the floor and watch her 
fetch and eat it, before returning to her main task at 
hand.

"Ok enough of my ass, get to my cock now." ordered Dave, 
and Jena tasted his cock for the first time.  Dave 
moaned as Jena did an incredibly arousing job of sucking 
and licking his cock.  Dave had great staying power, and 
held off from cumming until the entire 2 and a half hour 
movie was over.  At the film's end, Dave released a 
fountain of sperm inside Jena's sore, tired mouth, and 
she expertly swallowed it all, cleaning up the remainder 
of sperm from around his cock and pubic hair without 
even having to be asked.

"Fuck yeah, that was fucking great." remarked Dave as 
Jena smiled passively, still trying to work the kinks 
out of her sore and exhausted tongue.

"Well slut, I think it's time for bed.  You've done well 
today.  So I guess that means that you'll be sleeping in 
the bed with me tonight.  Does that please you Jena?"

"Oh yes Sir, thank you!" replied Jena happily, and Dave 
carried her upstairs in his arms, kissing her 
passionately as she wrapped her arms around his neck.  
Once upstairs, Dave plopped her down onto her feet and 
they went into the bathroom.  Dave forced her to brush 
his teeth and to floss him, before doing her own teeth.

"Okay slut, now I've got to take a piss and I'm sure you 
do to, right?"

"Yes Sir.  I was afraid to ask you earlier." replied 
Jena quietly.

"Are you telling me that you've had to go for a while 
now?" asked Dave inquisitively.

"Yes Sir.  I'm sorry Sir." replied Jena with a worried 
look on her face.

"It's ok slut.  The next time you have to go, you let me 
know.  I'll decide if I'll let you though.  Now, sit on 
the toilet and do your thing.  Do you have to do number 
one or number two?"

"Both Sir." replied Jena with a red blush sweeping 
across her cheeks.

"Fine.  I'm going to be watching you though." replied 
Dave as he watched her go to the bathroom.  Jena was 
completely humiliated by that, and Dave could tell how 
hard it was for her to do that in front of him.  After 
she was finished wiping up, Dave forced her to kneel 
down at the toilet to watch him piss.

"Now that I'm done, you can lick the remaining drops 
from my cock Jena.  You'll be learning in time that I 
will expect you to be my own personal urinal whenever I 
so desire, understand?"

"Yes Sir." said Jena as she krinkled her face after 
licking the remaining drops of urine from Dave's now 
hardening cock.

As agreed beforehand, Dave promised Jena that they would 
not have sex until a week or so, to ensure that she felt 
comfortable being with him.  He knew he would have to 
cum again before going to bed, so he told Jena to remove 
all of her kiddie clothes and to stand above him on the 
bed, while he laid on his back.  Jena did as she was 
told, and she put each foot on either side of Dave's 
hips, opening her legs, allowing him to look up and see 
her pussy.

Dave had grabbed a seven inch vibrating dildo and handed 
it to Jena, telling her that he wanted her to rub her 
pussy and clit with it while standing up, and that he 
would allow her to orgasm before going to bed tonight.  
Jena eagerly took the dildo from him, after being so 
aroused all day long, and began to rub it all over her 
glistening pussy lips in the dildo's vibrating state.  
Her moans aroused Dave, and he played with his now fully 
hardened cock as he watched Jena build up in intensity 
of moans and groans.

Dave decided not to give her any tips on how he wanted 
her to masturbate in the future.  Instead, he decided to 
simply let her do what she wanted to do, using her own 
technique, to see what she preferred.  Jena never 
inserted the dildo into her pussy once.  She merely used 
it as a vibrating device to get herself off, moaning 
loudly and saying the word "yes" over and over again as 
she shuddered in orgasm above him.  It was the most 
erotic thing Dave had ever seen.  Little aftershocks 
went through Jena's body as she came down from her high, 
and she remained standing above Dave, awaiting his next 
orders.

Dave had her sit on his face in the classic 69 position 
and suck him off until he shot his wad all over her 
face, forcing her to lick up every last bit of cum that 
she could find.

Both Dave and Jena were now completely exhausted after 
their long and exciting first day together, and they 
passionately kissed for half an hour before Dave 
attached a set of leather ankle cuffs to Jena's ankles, 
and closed them in with a chain and a key that would 
prevent her from leaving the bed at any time during the 
night.

"Good night my young sex toy." said Dave as he kissed 
Jena good night before positioning her in a spooning 
position with him, his softened cock sitting in between 
her beautiful ass cheeks, and her little ass nestled in 
his pubic hair, his chest pushed against her back, and 
his arm wrapped around her stomach.

"Good night Sir." replied Jena happily.

They both fell asleep quickly, happy and exhausted.

Day 2

It was an absolutely beautiful morning.  At only 5:45AM, 
the sky was already completely blue, and it must have 
been 70 degrees already.  They were forecasting 105 for 
today with sunny skies in the morning and the chance for 
late day thunderstorms.  To make things even better, 
there wasn't a trace of wind, nor was any expected.  
Dave decided to wear a white cotton tshirt and some 
light cotton shorts to try and keep cool.  As much as he 
wanted to watch Jena parade around completely nude in 
the beautiful summer air, Dave knew that he would have 
to cover her a bit to keep her skin from blistering in 
what was to be a completely humid day.  But from now 
until about 10AM or so, Dave figured it wouldn't hurt to 
keep Jena as unclothed as possible.

Grabbing a couple of tennis rackets from the closet, 
Dave proceeded to get everything ready that he would 
need for the morning.  Finally, he decided to wake Jena 
out of her slumber.  It was such a beautiful day out 
there, Dave didn't want to waste a single second of it.

"Rise and shine babe." said Dave loudly as he finished 
tying up his running shoes on the bench beside the bed.  
Jena's mind registered a voice, but she was so exhausted 
that she simply remained asleep.  Dave smiled to himself 
as he looked at her beautifully slumberous petite body 
laying on the t-shirt bedsheets underneath her.  Yanking 
the covers off of her completely, Dave felt a stirring 
in his cock as he watched her beautiful body turn sides.  
She must be physically drained, thought Dave.

Spanking her ass with the palm of his hand, Dave ensured 
that Jena wasn't going to have any trouble waking up.  
With the most adorable yelp, Jena leapt up to a sitting 
position, her eyes wide open, and her unkempt hair 
covering half of her face as she looked at Dave 
directly.

"Hey babe, that works better than any alarm clock, don't 
you think?" chuckled Dave as Jena started to rub her 
sore butt to alleviate the stinging sensation that 
emanated from it.

"Yes sir." replied Jena as she groggily wiped her eyes, 
still half asleep.  Dave brought the key over to her and 
unlocked the chains around her ankle cuffs so Jena could 
stand up.

"You've got a busy morning ahead of you so we'd better 
get going.  Get your sports bra on, we're going jogging.  
I want you wearing nothing but that sports bra, socks, 
and your running shoes.  Don't forget the ponytail, I 
fucking love that.  You have one minute to change." said 
Dave firmly as Jena quickly dressed to his 
specifications.

"Let's get a small bite to eat before we go." said Dave 
as he walked behind Jena into the kitchen.  Dave forced 
her to cut a pink grapefruit in half and to toast four 
slices of whole wheat bread.  After buttering his toast, 
Dave watched as Jena knelt onto the floor and started to 
eat her food out of her dog dish.  He loved how sweet 
she looked trying to pick up the piece of toast with her 
tongue so that she could lift it up enough to take a 
bite.  Watching her trying to suck juice out of the 
grapefruit half was even more fun as she was really 
making a mess.

Once finished, Dave had Jena kneel up between his legs, 
and he licked the crumbs and sticky grapefruit juice off 
of her lips, cheeks and chin.  This aroused him, so he 
stood up and had Jena tug down his shorts using her 
teeth, and give him a good blow before leaving.  Using 
only her head, Jena started to lick and suck Dave's cock 
for a good twenty minutes.  Wanting to save his sperm 
until later today, Dave had Jena stop when he was nice 
and built up, and he pulled his shorts back on and 
attached the humiliating dog collar to her neck once 
again.  He clipped the ten foot leash to it and led her 
outside.

"It's so fucking beautiful out here this morning eh 
babe?" said Dave as he took a deep breath in and did 
some shoulder rotations to get ready for their jog.  He 
handed her a water bottle filled with half ice and half 
water, and told her that she would be carrying it for 
the duration of the jog.

"I think we'll go for an hour this morning.  Think you 
can handle it?"

"Yes sir, I'll try my best." replied Jena submissively.

"Atta girl.  Let's go!" said Dave as he started to jog, 
holding onto the leash in his hands as Jena ran behind 
him.  Dave slowed down so that Jena could pass him, just 
so he could watch her tight little ass wiggling around 
in front of him while they ran.  Her ponytail bounced 
around with each step, and the two of them continued 
down the path.  Dave verbally commented on when he felt 
Jena wasn't going fast enough, and he kept her going at 
a nice brisk speed.

Fifteen minutes into the intentionally fast-paced jog, 
Dave noticed that Jena was really starting to tire.  She 
was certainly in great shape, but he had one up on her 
and knew that if he was physically pushing himself to 
his limits, that it would mean she was certainly going 
beyond hers.  Even this early in the morning, the 
humidity was just starting to build, and sweat was 
trickling from Jena's forehead and behind her ears.  Her 
breathing was becoming louder and quicker, and Dave knew 
that they would soon have to rest for a moment.

By the twenty minute mark, Jena finally responded how 
Dave knew she would.  Coming to a complete stop, Jena 
immediately went down onto her knees and started to beg 
Dave for a rest.

"Please Sir...I need a rest...I'm so sorry, just a few 
minutes, please..." panted Jen as she tried to catch her 
breath.

Taking the bottle, Dave gulped down two sips of the ice 
cold water.  He was glad she had stopped, he was 
starting to feel the effects of the fast pace that they 
had established and needed a break himself.

"Open your mouth babe." said Dave as he poured some 
water into his mouth.  He then leaned over Jena and 
started to trickle the water from his mouth into hers, 
and she swallowed greedily, completely thirsty from the 
exertion he had put her through.

After a few more minutes of rest, Dave forced Jena to 
get back up and they began to run again.  They hit the 
halfway point of the trail and then turned around.  At 
the forty minute mark, Jena once again stopped and went 
down to her knees, not able to take another step.

"Sir...I...I can't...it's too much...please!" begged 
Jena, huffing and puffing, her entire upper body and 
inner thighs covered in a sheen of sweat.  Just looking 
at her like that caused Dave to get another massive hard 
on, and he knew that he had to get relief now.

"Listen slut, if you want I'll give you a break, but 
you'll have to suffer for it.  Are you willing to accept 
the consequences for not being able to finish the rest 
of our jog without a break?" asked Dave as he thought of 
all the nasty things he wanted to do with her right now.

Thinking for a few seconds, Jena finally replied.  
"I...I'll try to keep going Sir."

"Atta girl." said Dave.  Standing up, Jena and Dave 
began running again, but this time, Dave had found a 
nice long twig and used it as a birch-whip on her bare 
ass whenever she started to slow down, which was often 
for the next twenty minutes.

By the time they had returned to the house, Jena was 
thoroughly exhausted, out of breath, and her now 
reddened ass was stinging and slightly welted.  Dave 
mouth-fed her some more cold water and then had her take 
off his shorts.  Laying down on his chaise lounger, Dave 
had Jena straddle up over his face and lean down over 
his belly so that she could continue the sucking job 
that she had started earlier this morning.

Dave loved eating out sweaty women, especially one as 
tight and firm as Jena, and his tongue dove in to the 
sweaty sticky folds of her pussy lips, seeking out the 
tasty juice from within.  Jena cleaned off Dave's sweaty 
cock with her tongue, tasting the salty coating off of 
his completely hardened and overaroused cock before she 
completely took it into her mouth.

Dave traced his tongue around the tiny red welts on 
Jena's firm ass cheeks, causing her to wince and jump a 
little every time he touched a particularly tender area.  
Jena felt her body getting aroused from Dave's tongue 
and lips roughly suctioning and swirling around her 
sensitive folds.

Only able to last about ten minutes, Dave finally pumped 
his hips upwards and filled Jena's mouth with several 
huge sticky wads of sperm, all of which she eagerly 
swallowed down her tight little throat, into her belly.

"Fuck yeah!" said Dave repeatedly as he continued 
mashing his face into her crotch and ass, pumping sperm 
out all the while.  Jena had been building up and was 
close to releasing, and Dave knew that leaving her on 
the edge would frustrate her a little, so he demanded 
that she get off of his face and kneel down next to the 
chaise that he laid on.  Once on her knees, Dave 
instructed Jena to lick her pussy juices off of his 
lips, cheeks, chin and nose until there wasn't a trace 
of it left.  Jena did exactly that, and Dave took a 
passionate kiss from her before filling her in on her 
next task.

"Stand up slut and take off your shoes and socks.  I'm 
going to hose you down before we move over to the tennis 
court.  As Jena removed them, Dave glanced at his watch 
to see that it was only 8:00AM.  Watching Jena for a 
couple of hours on the tennis court with the automatic 
serving machine should be a fun way to spend the next 
part of the early morning, thought Dave.  He would be 
able to sit down and relax and read the entire Times 
while she exerted herself.  Yeah, life was good.

Once Jena was almost completely naked, with the 
exception of the spandex sports bra she was wearing, 
Dave led her onto the center of a wide grassy area by 
the garden, and started to hose down her body with ice 
cold water.  Jena made the most adorable noises as she 
turned around in little circles, feeling totally 
uncomfortable having the pressurized cold water striking 
her from the chest down.  After a minute, Dave turned 
off the hose, and let Jennifer drip dry for a few 
minutes.  Her entire light skinned body was covered in 
tiny pointy goosebumps as she chattered her teeth for a 
bit, until the warm sun, although still low on the 
horizon, started to warm her up again.

Now thoroughly dry, Dave had her put her running shoes 
and socks back onto her feet, before leading her over to 
the large fenced in tennis court on the other side of 
the house.

"Ok babe, now, I'm going to sit down and relax, while 
reading my newspaper for the next couple of hours.  For 
you, it's tennis training time.  See that machine on the 
court?"

"Yes sir." said Jena as she looked at the large oven-
shaped machine sitting on the center of the serving 
line, with three machine gun-like canon barrels jutting 
out of it.

"Well it holds a capacity of 200 tennis balls.  I've got 
it set to random, which means that it will fire off one 
tennis ball every five seconds to different parts of the 
court.  Your job is to return each ball in bounds until 
the machine runs out.  Once that happens, you will 
gather up all of the balls, refill the machine and then 
repeat the whole process until I get tired.  Got it?"

"Yes Sir." replied Jena as she knew she was in for 
another solid workout.  Picking up the graphite tennis 
racket that Dave had brought out earlier, she followed 
him out to the court where he detached the leash but 
left her collar around her neck.

"Now, I'm not just going to be reading, I'm going to be 
watching your performance.  I expect you to give your 
best effort out there Jena.  Do you understand?" asked 
Dave with a firm tone in his voice.

"Yes Sir, I understand." said Jena as she grasped her 
racket firmly, preparing herself for the 'game'.

"Good girl.  Now, let me know when you need a break.  I 
hope you can last for at least an hour.  If not, I'm 
going to blister your ass, and I fucking mean that, is 
that understood?"

"Yes Sir, I understand." repeated Jena.

Patting her on the head, and stealing another hot wet 
lusty kiss from her lips, Dave went to sit on the comfy 
lawn chair he had set up outside of the fenced tennis 
court, and he put his feet up, beginning to read his 
newspaper while Jena began her workout.

Two hours later, Jena appeared to be exhausted.  Her 
entire lithe body was gleaming in a sheen of sweat, and 
some of her bangs were matted to her forehead.  Dave 
decided it was time to get some liquids into her.

"Come here slut, you deserve a break." said Dave as Jena 
exhaustedly dropped her racket onto the court and 
sauntered tiredly over to Dave, where she plunged down 
to her knees, still breathing heavily in exertion.

"Want a drink?" asked Dave smiling, patting the top of 
her sweaty hair.

"Yes please Sir." replied Jena, still gasping for air.

"No problem slut, you're going to need it.  In 10 
minutes, you and I are having a match.  If you win, you 
get the rest of the day off to do whatever you want, 
including resting, but if I win, I'm going to be putting 
some large sex toys in your ass.  Sound good?"

"Yes Sir." winced Jena.  Dave knew when she signed the 
contract with him that one of the things she was worried 
about was anal play.  Dave couldn't blame her, knowing 
that she had such a tiny, petite, untouched asshole.  He 
couldn't wait to start ravaging it.

Pouring out some ice cold water into a cup, Dave forced 
Jena to lick it out of her dog dish, which she did with 
a great effort, parched as she was.  Dave took the 
opportunity to squat down behind her so he could play 
with her sweaty pussy lips.  They were soaking and 
sticky, and Dave took great pleasure in poking and 
prodding two of his fingers around and inside her tight 
pussy, imagining how great it was going to eventually 
feel around his cock.  Shaking his head, Dave still 
couldn't believe how easy it had been to convince Jena 
to spend the summer with him as his sex slave.  It 
turned out to be a good investment in time spent 
chatting on the Internet and the phone with her, and 
Dave had meticulously plotted everything he had both 
typed and said to her for months, all with the purpose 
of getting her here, just like this, kneeling before him 
submissively.

"Ok slut, you've had enough.  You can suck on my cock 
for five minutes and then we'll play our game." said 
Dave as he plopped himself back down into his chair 
after shedding his shorts.

Jena crawled back up to her knees and started fondling 
Dave's instantly growing cock, watching it harden before 
her eyes.  Once proudly erect, Dave pulled Jena's head 
forward by her ponytail, and allowed his cock to sink 
into her throat, making her gag, cough and choke a 
little around it.

Dave called her some dirty names to humiliate her as he 
enjoyed her soft wet tongue and inner cheeks massaging 
every square inch of his cock that was actually able to 
fit inside her beautiful mouth.  Before cumming, Dave 
forced her to stop and made her pull his shorts back on 
while he unzipped his tennis racket from its case.

Dave made Jena walk in front of him as they headed over 
to the tennis court again.  After clearing the serving 
machine and the remaining balls off the court, Dave and 
Jena began their match, which only lasted less than an 
hour.

The final score was 6-0, 6-0, 6-1 for Dave, no big 
surprise.  Dave had taken the opportunity to slam 
several shots directly at Jena, nailing her over a dozen 
times with the tennis ball, causing deep red blotches to 
appear on her delicate skin where the ball had slammed 
into her, and making her generally fearful of 
approaching the net and of returning shots inbounds.

"Good game slut." said Dave as he slapped her hard on 
her ass, making Jena jump and gasp quickly.  "Looks like 
I'm going to be having one fucking great afternoon with 
your ass babe." chuckled Dave as he told Jena to get 
into the house and to have a long soapy shower to ensure 
that she was clean for him.  Before he sent her away, he 
showed her the large collection of sex toys that he had, 
which she would become very acquainted with in great 
detail.  Jena winced at the sight of the large dildoes, 
vibrators, butt plugs, beads, eggs, and other oddities 
that she had no idea what they could possibly be used 
for.  With that, she headed into the shower, and Dave 
began preparing the room for the fun afternoon he was 
about to have...


***CHAPTER 2 COMING SOON!***


Thanks to the many readers who have sent me emails about 
my stories.  Your comments, criticism and feedback are 
always welcome and appreciated.

Once again, to all authors out there, thanks for your 
great contributions.  And to all readers out there, 
hopefully you'll be inspired to contribute stuff too.  
I'm certainly not a polished writer by any means, just a 
layman trying to give a little back.  My belief is that 
even poorly written erotic literature is better than 
non-written erotic literature.  And writing this stuff 
is not only surprisingly simple, but it's also a lot of 
fun.  So keep writing out there!

Best wishes,

Dave Haugen, dave_haugen@hotmail.com , msn messenger




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave Haugen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





