BDSM Library - My Sex Slave




My Sex Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a slave being transferred to another man.
                                              My Sex Slave
                                                  By Robert Locke



	Name is Bob Jones.  I'm 35 years old and I live in a not so nice part of
Kansas City Kansas. Please don't laugh.  I know there are a lot of people who
still thick of Kansas as a boring flat land place with nothing better to do.
Well, for the most part its true.  But they're some parts of Kansas that kind of
remind me of the early western Kansas plain days where gangs rampaged around
small towns looking for a good time.  Well, though, it is early in the 21
century, in my county in Kansas its almost the same thing. Accept here we don't
use horses; we use cars, and A.K. 47's and automatic hand guns.  In my block
there is a well-known pimp. His nick Name is Branding Harry.  Harry is this
tough no nonsense Japanese man whose about 50 years old. He has a brothel right
smack dap next to me. The girls range the ages of 18 to about 45 years old. I've
noticed that when the girls aren't working they treat all the neighbors with
respect, never causing trouble and very helpful, even to me. Especially Karen,
the 47- year- old whore .You can tell that in her prime she must have been a
looker. She still is but there are tons and tons of make up and you can see that
she had some plastic surgery done. Her tits were made to look bigger.  And she
has lots of tattoos on her body.   Most of them are on her private parts.  So, I
didn't get to see them.   But last month, Karen has not been visible o the
public as of late.  I was worried about her.  I was thinking that perhaps she
had been arrested.  It wouldn't surprise me.  After all her profession is
dangerous bit.   Harry surprised me today because he hardly ever does.  I mean
he'll come over and let me pick out some cds that he got from high school kids
and college kids give him to fuck his girls.    Today how ever he seems
disgusted.

	"  Hey Harry what's up?"

	"  Hey there neighbor.  I got a decision to make and I was wondering if
you can help me?"  I look at him.  He is wearing white t-shirt blue jeans.  I
mean he doesn't even look like a pimp.

	"  I'll see what I can do."   He looks at me with his normal friendly
face; he is studying me to see if he can read me.  We've known each other for
three years.

	"  Karen's a problem to me. You know?"   Looking at him and knowing his
reputation I nodded.   

	"   Karen has mention how much she enjoys doing things for you and
helping you.

	But as far as her being a whore for me she has not been bringing in the
bucks you know?   I could throw her ass out or I could."    He pauses and he has
a very dramatic pause.  

         "  What do you have in mind?"

	"  How much money do you have on you now?"   I got the jest of his
question. It looks like he is willing to spare her life and give her to me.  I
reach into my pocket and there I found the dollar bill I was going to use to buy
a large coke in my neighborhood Mexican place.    Harry took the dollar from me
and said,"sold. "   I didn't realize what has just taken place right away.    He
slaps my back and he said. "Why don't you come over about 7 tonight?  And you
will get your package. "    I just nod my head and agree.    I was just numb the
rest of the day just trying to act like nothing was going on tonight until 7.   
During that time I cleaned up my house my bedroom and washed the sheets and the
blankets.   I didn't want Karen to think I was a total slob.  You know. 
However, there is a part of me was worried that she might not have much to do. 
At 6: 50 I walked over next door to the blue house and waited for about 10
minutes before I rang the doorbell exactly at 7:00.  When I rang the door. There
was Harry dressed as he was earlier that day.  He lets me in and as I walk into
the house I see all six of his bitches all but Karen.  The six that were there  
were standing in two lines.  Three girls on my Left; Three girls on my right.
And they were all nude.    They were a white woman two blacks two Asians an Arab
and a Mexican.  All of them had their eyes down cast to the floor.  I felt
really embarrassed because I was getting a raging hard on and I wasn't in the
house for more than ten minutes.   I can tell that the girls knew that I had a
hard on.   But I was trying to play it cool.  I was mostly afraid of how Harry
would respond.  Would he laugh at me or would he be happy?  He led me down   the
basement that was very spacious and it also looked like something out of the
Spanish inquisition.   It is a dungeon.  Complete with cages.  I was quite
impressed.  And I was I must admit I was a bit jealous.   After all, I always
wanted a dungeon my self.   On a horse with her Ass sticking wide open and up in
the air is Karen.    Her pussy is shaved just the way I like it.  And there on
her clit is a two inch wide golden loop on her clit.   It looks to me that she
is totally wet 

       "Who is it?"  Karen asks out loud.  Before I could answer her.  Harry
places his fore finger over his lips just to show me that he wants to make this
a game for our pleasure    and her anxiety.    "  Karen I want you to say hello
to your new Master.  "   Harry says in a stern voice.   And in a shaky voice,
Karen obeys.  "Hello Master."   Walking in front of Karen.   Harry kneels in
front of the blind folded Karen.   I could tell that Harry has had this planned
for a very   long time.  It seemed to be a game to him. Avery cruel game,
indeed, I silently smile as I watch the master play his game. "  Your Master is
here to inspect his purchase.  I had to sell your scrawny ass for a huge loss to
me.  "   There was some fake anger in his voce but it could have fooled me.  
Harry grabbed her long red hair and pulled up her head so he could get a better
look at her face as it changes expressions from fear to pain.  He motions me to
stand close to him. When I reached him.   I saw something that I wasn't
expecting at all. I saw a grill standing on the blind side.  The grill has very
hot coals inside of it.  I could look at Karen closer and I noticed that she is
Inside the grill is a brand.  I'm not sure whose brand it is but I got a
feeling.  My blood pressure is rising a little.  I'm starting to feel nervous. 
But I'm doing my best to play it cool.  Harry notices I still have my raging
hard on; so he suggests as though he is a used car sells man.  "  Why don't you
take this bitch for a test drive.  "?  I didn't need to be told twice I
unleashed my six inch dick and I just placed it on her lips.    As I did Her
lips slowly open and I fed her my penis like a child feeds a straw into her
mouth. Her tongue started to cures my cock I   am in heaven right now.  I never
experienced anything quite like her in my life.  I started to loose feeling in
my legs because it is such a heavenly feeling to have a woman's mouth on the
most sensitive part of a man.  I grabbed her hair and just as if the act has
been taught to me for years.  I suddenly start pumping my dick into her mouth. 
With out my noticing I saw the young Mexican girl standing behind Karen with a
strap on aimed right into Karen's wet pussy. The young girl began to rapidly
fuck Karen roughly.  As we fuck Karen in union son.  I kind of laugh to my self
because I see us looking like two limber jacks just sawing   away at a tree.
Karen I can see is really getting into the fucking because she is increasing the
attention to my cock with her mouth and she is humping back as much as she can
be tied on a horse. I came in her mouth after about five minutes.  I don't know
how much I did come but all I know that it was a lot.  Just as I came the
Mexican girl pulled out of the helpless woman.  As I pulled out Karen wailed as
though she has just been beaten with Harry's whip. I watched as all six of the
remaining whores took turns of fucking Karen for the last time. Each one f the
girls just knew exactly when Karen is about to come because they would stop.
Though I just came I still had a hard on.

	Harry motion to me to go and take my place behind Karen.  I easily
placed my cock into her pussy.  I listened as she groans in pleasure. I know I'm
not much of a lover but I'm not going to let her know it. I feel the wetness
envelope my cock and I begin to pump her as if I have done it before. As I fuck
Karen, I begin to feel her pump back. I know that this is her job but I can feel
as though she's feeling the rhythm and she's going to keep up.  I feel as though
I'm a huge tree cutting saw   that a two person crews used before the electric
saw came along and really destroyed the forest of the redwood.  My pubic hair
seems to burn with the rubbing of her butt skin and my pubic bone right up
against her ass.  There is dead silence in the room.  I even forget that Harry
and the girls are they're watching.   The only thing that I can hear is our
combined breathing.  I feel the pressure of my cock getting ready to explode as
I explode into Karen.  I feel a great weight has been lifted from me.   There
has been a point in time where I actually thought, that I would never ever get
laid again, but, here I am standing behind a former prostitute humping her
brains out.   Harry breaks me out of my bliss, he hands me a belt.  A big old
razor strap, that reminded me of the strap that my father used on me, when I was
a kid. 

 	Lifting the belt in the air I struck her hard on her bare ass.  I looked
down and I see the damage from the givers point of view.  I can see the big red
strip that cuts across her skin like knife does to meat.  But as I do this I
feel a tremendous abound of power as I wheel the belt.  Bringing, it back down
on my Karen's ass.  Her screams of pain sounding like an eagle screaming as she
is hunting her, prey.  Her head shoots up quickly and her body quakes and shakes
like the oceans waves after a whale has jumped up in the air and crashes back
into the sea. To me it seemed so animalistic.  The combinations of her screams
and her shaking so uncontrollable 

	Harry nods to the girls and with that nod. They turn from being very
supportive family of friends to an angry church mob wanting to burn the witch.
They all take turns chastising her insulting her calling her names.  The girls
stand in front of Karen and take her turns slapping her Suddenly Harry yells. " 
Stop!"    All of us stop as quickly as the onslaught of her body began.   Once
again Karen is not allowed to come.  There is frustration in her voice and her
body.  She is shaking.  I didn't notice it before but Karen is wearing a
blindfold.  All she can do is listen and feel.  She cannot see. 

	Harry just looks at me and he puts his fingers to his mouth.   "  Karen. 
I want you to stay down here for another hour or so and think about how you
disappointed your sisters and I and I want you to come up with a very good
pledge to give your new master.  "     

	"  Yes Master Harry."   All of us walk back up to the dinning room and
we all sat around the dinning room table.

	"   You know something there Bob.    You did a pretty good job down
there."

 	"  Thanks.  I think I did all right for my first bondage and discipline
scene."   The Arab girl   came back from the kitchen and she gave me a cold diet
coke.

	"  Karen did tell me that you had a few fantasies that you wanted to
explore.  And I want you to know that after the branding ceremony we'll take her
over to your place after she has passed out."   I nod at him and he smiles.   
We drink our drinks and we talk more about her new life and mine.

	"  Does she know that I'm getting her now."

	"  Yes and no.   She has told several of the girls that if she ever quit
the business that she would want to stay with you.  "  I feel a pretty good
amount of pride.  Okay, I'll admit, a lot of pride.

	"  I bet you didn't know that you made a whore want to quit. "  Harry
smiles and laughs hearty.

	"  No actually I didn't."  To be honest, I didn't even know she found me
attractive. I couldn't believe that a woman like her would even want a guy like
me.

	"  Bob I want you to know that all the ladies like you.   You treat them
with respect, though they participate in the world's oldest perfusion."  I kind
of laugh, uncomfortably

	"  I know but they are still women, and should be treated with respect."
Harry answers, that's why I'm allowing her to be with you.  And besides, I think
in a few days we are going to head out of the neighborhood. "   I nod because I
understand why. The neighbors have been trying to get them out of their
neighborhood. 

	"  I figure if we left her here with you and maybe begin a new life
she'll be accepted here. "  It seems like a realistic idea.  The neighbors did
seem to like her a lot.

	"   I got to let you know a little something.  After we have Karen give
you her pledge.   I'll take off her blindfold but make sure you are at eye level
with her and I'll hand you the brand.  It has your initials on it. "   I nod. 

	"   Then you'll walk back to her ass and you will brand her for ten
seconds, then, after she passes out.  I'll give you some lotion to sooth her
butt.  After that, the girls and I will   pick her up carry her to your house
and we'll come in from the back alley.  We'll have her untied.  After we leave. 
What ever happens to her is up to you after that."   I nod.  I drink about two
more cokes.  We go back down the stairs to where we left our little pet in sweat
and tears and fear. 

	"  Karen.   I hope you enjoyed your rest, bitch because we are not done
just yet with you."    Karen moans out loud.  I   stand in front of Karen   next
to Harry who just nods to the Mexican girl standing next to the grill.  She puts
on a rubber glove and hands Harry the brand.  I put on my glove and he hands me
the brand.   Keeping the brand face up.  I kneel in front of Karen's face. She
can feel my breath hitting her nose.   Looking at her. I can see her sweat
pouring out of her. 

	"  Karen.  Lets here the pledge you old bitch. "     Karen raises her
head and in a shaky but loud voice. 

	"  New Master.  I hope you found my cunt pleasurable and I pledge my ass
my cunt and my sagging tits to you. "   

	"  Very good whore.  He accepts your pledge.   Are you ready to see your
master for the first time?"  

	"  Yes Sir.  I'm."   Then Harry removes her blindfold as she sees   that
I am her new master.  She cries in joy. 

	"  I was hoping that it was you."    I kiss her lips and I insert my
tongue Karen received my tongue not like a customer but a long lost lover.  
This is what she wants.   There is real passion in her kiss.    I show her
brand.  And her eyes become huge like tea saucers.  But she smiles knowing that
the marks that are coming to her are mine.  I am lead by Harry to her ass again
and I remember exactly what we discussed. 

	When I reached her ass.  I aimed the brand for her right cheek and held
it there for ten seconds.  Karen screamed out loud.   Then I brand her left
cheek.  As I do this I can smell her flesh burning.   After the branding is done
I put the brand into a bucket of water next to wear they had next to the grill.
The Mexican girl took another bucket and poured it over the hot coals.  Walking
back to the front of Karen, I noticed that she is out cold.  But breathing and
alive, thank god. The girls help Harry untie her gently.   We take her up the
stairs and into the kitchen and since it's a nice hot summers night and it had
become quite late.  We had no problems taking her out to the back yard into the
alley naked and then into my back yard.  I open the back door and then the girls
and Harry put her on my bed stomach first and after the girls leave Harry stays
behind for a few minutes.

	"  We'll send her clothes over in the morning, then I think we will head
out of dodge if you know what I mean?"   I shake his hand and nod.  I let him
out of the back door and I close it.  Looking at the kitchen clock I couldn't
believe how late it got.   The clock actually said 12 am.  I went to the
bathroom and peaked.   And though Karen is sleeping in my bed.  I still climbed
into bed with her in just my underwear and a t-shirt.   I didn't even bother to
turn off the lights.  I fell asleep.  



	The  end  of  chapter one.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  robertpaullocke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





