BDSM Library - The Village of Agony and Ecstasy




The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A tale of long time ago when women were taken from their villages to become sex slaves by cruel men that had no regard for them except to satisfy their sexual perversions.
Author: Powerone and Sinsationalsub
Title: The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Part: Chapter 1
Summary: A tale of long time ago when women were taken from their villages to
become sex slaves by cruel men that had no regard for them except to satisfy
their sexual perversions. 
Keywords: M+/Ff, nc, anal, oral, bdsm, reluc, tort, humil

The Village of Agony and Ecstasy

Copyright 2003 by Sinsationalsub and Powerone.  You may contact Sinsationalsub
at peelejg@hotmail.com or Powerone at controlher@hotmail.com.



Chapter One-The Capture

      Bella curled in a fetal position to stay warm in the bolted cell.  The
nights were horrendous to say the least.  Since she had been brought here only a
year ago, she had witnessed many things.  Staying cold at night was one of them. 
She lay on the thin thatched mat doing her best to concentrate on staying warm. 
The thin coverlet was just too tattered to do much good, yet she curled it
around her shoulders in an effort to have it warm her.  The sounds of the night
here were unsettling.  She heard slaves moaning close by in the other cells, men
and women.  She heard begging and whining in the distance, echoing through the
courtyard as the slaves were punished and displayed.  If she had not learned
anything in her year here, she had learned that to be defiant or uncooperative
would get you punished.  Slaves were not allowed to complain or to voice any
opinion about what they were ordered to do.  They were strictly for the village
inhabitants, the free souls who worked and lived here.  Punishments could span
the spectrum, from horrible to humiliating.

	Bella knew all too well how obstinate she had been when she was first
brought to this place, captured by a warrior on horseback as she went about her
daily chores in her own village. She was in the field gathering the year's crop,
as she heard shouts and horses stampeding across the fields.  Most of the crop
tenders ran in all different directions to avoid the warriors, but she was
overtaken by surprise.  Strong arms grabbed her around her waist and lifted her
onto a stallion.  She had screamed and kicked and fought only to be over-powered
by the man who had a grip on her.  He had laughed and called her a "wench, a
feisty one".  
	
	She was carried off into the forest, never to return to her village that
she loved so.  Bella had heard of these kidnappings but had never witnessed them
until it happened to her.  No one in her village ever knew what happened to the
ones who were carried away.  They were never seen again to tell of their plight. 
She had a dreaded feeling that her life was going to change immensely.  She
could not break free of this man's grip on her.  He was massive in size, tanned,
chiseled muscles and virile, long, jet-black hair tied back off his shoulders,
and the most sinister green eyes.  He was young, like her, and appeared to be
some kind of warrior.
	
	 When they had stopped to let the steed's rest, she had noticed this
immediately.  His eyes!  They devoured her every time he looked at her.  She
wanted to curl up and hide.  She could not read into them what his thoughts were
but she knew she wanted no part of them whatever they were.  She had fought the
entire day. She pinched, kicked, spit, hit, never giving her captor a moment of
peace.  She was not going to give up so easily.
	
	Disgusted, he had taken her away from the other captives and warriors to
a shaded spot where trees had fallen, creating a small cove out of view of the
others.  He chucked her on the ground. "Now, little tiger," he snarled "when are
you going to give in and quit fighting?  Am I to assume that you are going to do
this the entire time?"
	
	Bella hissed back at him, "Yes, I can guarantee it. I will not go
peacefully."  Bella realized she had been riding all day and her short burlap
dress was ripped, her sandals lost and her body sore.  The ache she felt in her
buttocks stung her with pain.  She reached to rub her bottom as she groaned.
	
	"MMMMMmmm sore eh?" The green eyes grinned as they lustily took in her
movements.
	
	 "Yes," Bella spat as she jerked her hand back from her bottom.  She
would not allow him to enjoy what she was doing for a moment.  She was not his
plaything.  He did not own her.  She had planned to marry some day and be a good
wife, giving birth to children and fulfilling her role as a woman.  In her
village, men respected women.  They had a special place beside their mate.  She
would have been cherished and cared for.  For some reason, this man did not
appear to be that kind of man.  As she spat at him, she saw fire in those
emerald eyes of his.
	
	He dismounted and strode over to where he had thrown her on the ground. 
He reached for her arm, jerked her to her feet and said,  "WEEEEEEEEEEElllll
maybe you need to be taught a lesson right here and now.  You must accept your
fate, my little tiger, and you must do it now."  He pulled her over to the
over-turned tree lying on the ground.
	
	"No, stop it," she cried spitting and kicking but being pulled along
nevertheless.  She was no match for the muscles that expanded in his upper arms
or torso.  He manipulated her like a puppet.
	
	 He let go of her arm, still standing too close to her and said,
"undress."
	
	"WHATTTTTTTTTTT?" Bella squealed.  "You are crazy if you think I will
undress in front of the likes of you."  She turned to run, felt herself being
jerked back around and the loudest riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip as her dress was torn
from her body.  With one tug he had it off of her.  She stared in disbelief at
this devil of a man.  He was smiling, eyeing her body up and down.  She used her
hands to try to cover herself but to her dismay could only cover her breasts or
her sex, one or the other.  She reached to cover her sex.  Her breasts jutted
straight out, the tips strutted by the chilled air.  Bella knew her young supple
body well. She knew that she was a real woman.  She had been told that she was
beautiful.  Her skin was creamy and tan, firm and taunt.  She was going to be a
catch for some male.  Even though she was visually stunning, it was what she
knew in her head that made her irresistible.  The heat that ignited her.  The
lust as she had grown into womanhood.  She was still a virgin.  She had planned
to remain so until she was married. It was the custom in her village.  Her white
blonde hair, her crystal blue eyes, her lush full crimson lips were tantalizing
to all in her village.  She was luscious to look at, she knew she had something
special but was taught to be humble about it. 

	What she had never understood was the craving she had from deep within
her groin.  It consumed her.  At the age of twelve, she had felt stirrings
within her body that she had not understood but they made her feel very sensuous
and erotic.  She loved the way they felt and the way her body responded when she
felt that way.  Her first orgasm was with her own fingers teasing her sex and it
was delicious.  She would never forget the first examination she gave herself as
she placed the hand mirror in front of her genitals, leaned it back against the
chair and freed her hands to gently peel back the thin pouty lips.  Pink, wet
flesh was revealed, almost crimson, gentle folds of skin like petals of a flower
opening to receive nourishment.  She had spread herself open until she could see
all inside, the tiny little pursing, gaping hole, and the tiny button distending
over it, peeking out from underneath a coverlet of skin.  She had been
awestruck.  The little knob-shaped distension tingled as the air hit it.  She
had gasped.  She extended a finger to touch it very lightly.  She gasped again
as her finger made contact with it and it moved.  It had flexed as if it were
pulsating. Time and time again she touched it, just to watch it move and feel it
tingle.  She even noticed the moisture seeping from the little gaping hole.  The
little appendage mesmerized her.  She thought it was the most beautiful thing
she had ever seen when it stood, distended and pulsed.  And when she finally
touched it enough to have an orgasm, she had collapsed into a whimpering heap of
convulsions as she felt the muscles of her sex spasm.  It was an absolutely
marvelous experience for her. She had later learned that the other girls her age
in the village had had similar experiences and that is was normal.  She was
relieved then. She had touched herself many times since then to cause the same
reaction in her body and could never imagine a man doing that to her.  She would
be so ashamed to spread herself as lewdly as she did for herself, for any man.

	Reality brought her back from her thoughts.  Why was she thinking about
that, she wondered?  It had no place here.  She had an eerie feeling about this
man

	"Did you hear me?"  Her captor asked.  "Turn around, do it now."  He
snarled as he eyed her nakedness. 
	
	She was so embarrassed.  She felt herself turning, she did not know why
she obeyed him.
	
	"Now, bend over, do it.  You are going to receive a nice flogging for
your defiance.  I am tired of it.  You will do as I say do from now on.  Do you
understand?"
	
	Bella froze.  She would not move.
	
	He reached to shove her over with such force it almost threw her off her
feet.
	
	 She screamed. "Stop! Stop! I will not do it."  He paid no attention to
her protest.  He pushed her over until she was bent over the tree, her naked ass
raised up.  She kept her legs closed, hoping to hide her feminine charms from
him. 
	
	"Grab the branch, if you move, it will be fifty swats.  Right now you
are only getting twenty five."  He slapped her ass hard, feeling the softness of
her ass cheek, watching it turn red.
	
	Bella felt his hand stinging her buttocks.  She squealed, "Oh
myyyyyyyyyyyy, stop it, stop It."
	
	He actually laughed at her words. "That was nothing, that was only my
hand.  I'm going to use a flogger on you.  You will learn to accept your fate,
little tiger."
	
	He grabbed a leather flogger, it was not very large, but it would bring
about considerable pain, especially with such a tender bottom.  "Now hold still,
or I will start at the beginning again."  He slapped her ass hard with the
flogger, two leather strands hitting her soft ass cheeks, but the middle strand
slapped against the crack in her ass.  He saw her clench them tightly,
preventing the leather strap from reaching her tender asshole.  But she would
soon tire, and then he make sure that the leather found their target, nestled
tightly between her cheeks, her delicate asshole.
	
	  She felt the sizzling touch of leather thongs on her bottom as the
small flogger did its work.  It stung and caused her flesh to turn bright pink. 
Tears stung her eyes.  She couldn't believe this.  What had she done to deserve
such humiliating treatment?  She felt helpless.  He was strong and his grip on
her was too secure to free herself.  She counted at least fifteen, the pain
making it difficult to be sure.  The flogger moved lower, onto her upper thighs,
the strands sometimes straying too close to her feminine charms, her legs
clenched tightly.  Five more and her legs and ass were tiring from keeping them
so tight, the pain on her bottom now almost unbearable.  She squealed in pain,
the flogger relentless in hitting her tender flesh.
	
	She had finally tired, her ass cheeks no longer clenching tightly, her
legs parting slightly.  He could see a thicket of hair between her legs, her
pussy slightly exposed.  He took careful aim, bringing the flogger up from the
ground.  They smacked her ass hard, right in the apex of her sex, one thong
hitting her exposed pussy and two thongs slapping hard between her cheeks,
catching her exposed asshole.
	
	Bella screamed, her voice ringing out in the forest.  She could not
believe that anyone would hit a woman between her legs.  He had hit her delicate
sex, the thongs bringing about a terrible burning between her legs.  "No, not
there, how can you be so evil?"
	
	"Hold still or we start all over again," he ordered her.  He saw her
clench her legs and ass again, so he slapped her cross wise on her ass cheeks. 
She let her guard down again, almost exhausted from the fight.  The flogger
whipped up from the ground again, this time her legs were spread wider, all
three thongs biting into her exposed sex. 
	
	She almost jumped up, the pain again radiating from her sex, the leather
beating her tender mound.  "AAAGGHH, no more," she cried.  Before she could even
think, the flogger again hit her, this time slashing between the cheeks of her
ass to beat the delicate bud between them.  Two more hits with the flogger and
she fell to the ground, her hands gripping her mound tightly, unable to believe
the pain he had inflicted on her.
	
	"Now, no more stubborn temper tantrums, is that understood?"  He had
spun her around, his eyes narrow and piercing, looking straight into hers.  She
could feel his breath on her face.  His demeanor frightened her.
	
	 "Yes, I do" she sniffed.  He threw her the ripped dress, allowing her
some semblance of decency.  The dress just barely covered her breasts, most of
the buttons missing.  One leg was uncovered almost to her crotch, the fabric
torn and missing.  Her underwear had long been discarded.  He brought out some
rope, dark brown, rough hemp rope
	
	.  He picked up a length of old tree branch, about two inches wide,
three feet long.  It was still hard and sturdy.  "Put your hands behind your
head and turn your back to me.  I wouldn't tell you again or it's the flogger
again my little tiger."
	
	Bella did as she was told, the pain in her bottom still a remembrance of
her disobedience.  She felt her hands pulled back, the stick placed under her
armpits, her hands pulled slowly and painfully upward until the rope secured
them tightly to the stick.  She was turned around facing him, his green eyes
again devouring her flesh.  Her breasts were now thrust out prominently, the
dress barely able to contain them.  She was always proud of her breasts, they
were bigger then most of the girls in the village and always drew second glances
from the boys.  When she was teasing her own sex, she often let her fingers
gently pluck at her nipples.  The pink tipped nipples would harden, the dark
brown surrounding areola highlighting the pale skin of her breast.  She knew
from his eyes that he was not the type that would treat them so gently.  She
feared that.  He helped her up onto his horse, him behind her.  He held her
tightly in front of him on his horse.  Her buttocks stung as they continued
their ride to where, she did not know.  Her small frame was no match for his
chiseled muscles.  She relented to behaving but kept her eyes open to drink in
every bit of the forest, every landmark she could memorize.  She would not give
in to this plight.  The others who had been captured might, but she would never
give up hope.  The first opportunity that came along, she would be free.  She
would escape this capture and once again live in her village with her family. 
	
	Wonder what her father and mother were thinking now?  Her older brother
had tried to catch up with her in the fields to no avail.  She knew they were
heartbroken and worried.  Oh, she missed them so.  Her heart fell as she thought
of them.  At that moment, she swore to see them again.  The sun was setting and
it appeared that the steeds became impatient, picking up there pace.   They
headed for a clump of trees in the distance attempting to beat the suns setting,
the steeds galloping along until they reached their destination.  She grew
impatient again as they moved to the far corner of the clump of trees, away from
the others.
	
	He helped her down, her revulsion showing as his hands moved
unencumbered over her body as he did. 
	
	"Sit over there until I tell you to move while I build a fire.  If you
try to run I will catch you and it will be the flogger again."  He moved around,
gathering dry kindling until a roaring fire was heating the cold air, the
illumination dancing strangely off the trees.  He untied her hands from the
stick, her disappointment showing as he saved the stick to use again. 
	
	Bella rubbed her wrists, trying to gather the small amount of clothes
about her, attempting to hide her half-naked body.  He handed her a small
portion of food, some dried meat and a piece of uncooked vegetable.  She ate
hungrily, the day's events having taken a toll on her.  Her belly still groaned
in hunger, but his eyes told her there would be no more. He handed her a flask,
motioning for her to drink.  "I don't drink, I'm a good girl," she quickly
responded, the defiance showing back up in her voice.
	
	"I wouldn't tell you again, little tiger.  You will do what I tell you,"
his hand reaching into his knapsack, drawing out the flogger once again.
	
	It only took a single glance of the flogger before she put the flask to
her lips and let some of the liquid flow into her mouth and down her throat. 
She coughed as the liquid burned as it went down, already feeling light-headed
as the strong liquor began to race to her brain.
	
	"One more sip, it will be cold tonight, it will keep you warm," his arms
motioning her to swig again.
	
	Bella took another swig, this one longer, a warm glow covering her body
as the strong liquor began to work its magic on her young body.  She handed it
back to him.  He took a large swig and put it away.  She could hear the others
that were travelling with them in the distance.  There must have been another
ten men, each having grabbed a woman.  Bella did not know who was taken, the
panic that overtook her when she was captured blocked all but her own attempt at
escape.  Bella looked over to where the others were camping, their fire burning
brightly.  She could make out the shapes of some of the woman.  She was startled
when she heard the cries of one of them.  She could see her fighting two men, as
they held her tightly, the sound of tearing clothes next.  She was forced to the
ground, two holding her down while another stood over her.  His body fell down
on top of hers and she let loose a scream that seem to tear through the night. 
After that there was only the sounds of slapping flesh and the moans of pain. 
Bella knew that they were raping her and she feared for her own safety.
	
	"I'm going to tie you up for the night.  I don't want you running away
on me.  We still have a few days travels to go before we reach our destination." 
He moved towards her again, the rope magically appearing in his hand again, a
sharp knife glistening in the fire.  "On your knees," he ordered her.
	
	The ground hurt her knees as she knelt there.  He placed her wrists next
to her ankles and the rope again held her tightly, her back straight, hands at
her sides bound to her ankles, unable to stand or run.  She would have to lie on
her side to sleep, crouched over.  She could still hear the others in the
distance.  The men were laughing, the women crying and begging.  Screams again
broke the silence of the night as another was raped, her virginity taken from
her in one brutal act.  Bella was truly scared now.  She was bound, half-naked,
the stranger standing before her.  She could hear the sound of the others,
raping and beating the other woman and she feared that she would be next.  She
saw him disappear from her view but could feel his presence behind her.  She
trembled in fear of the unexpected.  Fingers moved to close over her nose,
stopping her from breathing.  She opened her mouth to suck in some air when she
felt something shoved quickly and painfully into her mouth.  She could taste the
wood, polished and smooth.  It slipped between her lips and moved to the back. 
She felt his fingers press on the side and she felt the piece of wood split
outward, moving out from the center to catch behind her upper and lower teeth on
each side.  This forced her mouth to open.  Each time he pressed on the
mechanism with his fingers, her mouth was forced wider and wider.  She could
only make muffled sounds, "MMMGGGHHH," as her jaws were stretched open widely,
her oral cavity now a large open hole.  She did not understand the reason for
this.  It was not very effective to silence her, it only served to keep her
mouth open and exposed.
	
	She watched as he moved in front of her again, her eyes pleading for
release from the cruel instrument that caused her such pain, but only met with a
blank stare from him.  She shook her head back and forth, "NNNGGGGHHH," as she
finally realized the purpose of the mouth restraint when he began to unhook his
pants and let them slide to the ground in front of her.  He reached in and
pulled out a cock that was massive to her, not that she had ever seen a cock
before, her only experience being with the small penis of children that she had
baby sat for.  He intended to put it in her mouth.  She had heard some of the
village woman talking about oral sex, how their husbands had forced them to suck
their cocks when they had the pox, their monthly menstrual cycle.  All told of
hating it, their husbands filling their mouth with their salty seed.  Most spoke
of spitting it out, some vomiting afterwards.  None liked the experience, but
there could be worse.  Few spoke of it, but some dared to talk of their husbands
putting it up their bottom.  Most were too humiliated of the act to even dare
mention it.
	
	"Each night you will service my instrument with your mouth, my little
tiger.  We will use the mouth restraint until you learn how to perform the act
correctly.  There will be many wicked things that you will perform for me.  If
you do not obey, you will be punished.  The flogger is only one of many
instruments I possess to make your body respond.  Some of them are so much more
painful, built especially to extract pain from the female body.  Now hold still
and pleasure my cock."
	
	She felt his hands grip her tightly by the ears, his hips moving
forward, his penis sticking out almost straight from his body, slowly moving
towards her open oral cavity.  His hands gripped her tightly as she tried to
move her head, small muffled sounds coming from her mouth, the only sign of
protest allowed.  "MMMMGGHHH, NNNNGGHHH," she tried to cry out, protesting the
indignities he was about to force upon her.  But it did not use, his penis now
resting on her lower lip, the hot flesh feeling like it was burning her.  He
moved it around her mouth, her lips dry, his penis wet with fluid, leaving a
trail of glistening juices on her parched lips.  She shuddered as her tongue,
attempting to moisten her lips accidentally touched the head of his penis.  She
felt it suddenly jump up and hit the top of her mouth, startling her.  She did
not know it was so sensitive.  She pushed her tongue back into her mouth, the
taste of a pasty, salty fluid now lingering on it. 
	
	"Yes, little tiger, your tongue is very sensual.  Soon you will extract
my seed from my loins, filling your mouth."  He removed his hands from her ears,
one large hand completely circling the back of her head in it, forcing her
forward onto the penis.  The other hand gripped the instrument, stroking it
within the confines of her mouth, feeling her hot breath on the head, rubbing it
inside her lips, lightly over her teeth, the sensitive head jerking in pleasure
as it scratched over them.
	
	The penis grew bigger in her mouth, her lips now stretching tightly
around it as he pushed it deeper and deeper into the hot confines of her oral
cavity.   She felt her mouth filled with the hot, pulsating flesh of the
stranger, his strong hands keeping her captive, her mouth used as his receptacle
of lust.  She felt his hands grip her hair tightly, pulling on it painfully, his
hand controlling the movement of her head, unable to stop whatever he desired to
do to her.  She could taste him now, his penis now sliding over her tongue,
unable to stop it.  She could taste his sweat, days of riding collecting on his
organ.  She felt liquid dripping out the tip into her mouth.  She moved her
tongue, succeeding in only exciting the penis filling her mouth even more,
forcing more of the giant organ into her mouth.  She felt it touch the back of
her mouth and looked up at him with pleading eyes, tears forming in them as she
choked on the head of his penis as it pushed against her tonsils.  She could
only see lust in his eyes, his mouth smirking as he used her mouth just like he
would use her sex.  A tight, hot place to dump a load of his seed in.
	
	"Deeper, little tiger, you are going to have to swallow my organ, take
it deeper.  Yes, choke on it a little, it will make it easier to go down."  He
had over half of his organ in her mouth, the head of his cock was slowly forced
into her throat.  Her choking made it easier to slip it in as her throat opened
up in protest, the massive head, slimy with his juices slipping down into the
confines.
	
	Bella sucked in air through her nose, the choking bringing tears running
down her face, her throat blocked by the dirty penis forced into it.  Her
muffled sounds were overshadowed by his grunts of pleasure as her tongue swished
around his organ, attempting to escape the foul tastes in her mouth, yet only
brining forth more of his vile fluids to flow from the penis.  She did not know
how much longer she could stand the punishment she was being forced to endure. 
Would he kill her, choking her with the cruel organ, unable to stop himself as
she pleasured him against her will?  Hands forced her head up, straightening out
her throat, preparing the passage to accept more of the penis.  She gagged
again, her throat beginning to spasm on the penis, her mouth filled with her
saliva, his sweat and his seed.  It began to run down her spread mouth, her lips
unable to contain the mixture.  His stomach smashed against her lips, bruising
them, her teeth banging into them painfully.  He had buried his instrument
completely in her mouth, his pubic hair snarled on her lips, the unmistaken odor
of sweat and sex filling her nose.  She could not move, her mouth and throat
completely speared on his organ, his hand holding her forcefully against him.
	
	"When I fill you mouth with my seed, I want you to swallow it all.  If
you let any of it escape, I will beat you.  Do you understand little flower? 
Nod your head yes, if you understand," his hand loosening his grip on her head. 
He waited, watching her eyes looking up at him, her mouth completely filled by
his organ, her lips smashed against his stomach.  He could feel her throat
milking his organ, a combination of pain and choking bringing about such
exquisite pleasure to his organ.
	
	Bella nodded her head up and down, the slightest movement only possible
as it felt like a log in her mouth and throat keeping her head erect.  She felt
the penis begin to pull from her throat, dragging out painfully, her tongue
pushed aside by the rampaging organ.  She sucked in a large breath of air before
it began to enter again.  She almost vomited as she gagged again, the thick
organ again pressed deep into her throat.  Her throat burned in pain.  It was
emptied, then filled again within seconds, each time his organ was pushed in
with greater force.  His hands tightened on her ears again, forcing her head up
and down on his organ, using her oral cavity like it was her sex mound.  Her
pumped her mouth, faster and faster, hearing his breathing quicken.  She knew
that he would soon empty his seed in her mouth.  She would not be able to
prevent it.  She continued to gag and choke, her lips hurting terribly, the
mouth restraint tearing at the corners of her mouth.
	
	He felt his seed move up from his balls, moving along the length of his
organ and begin to shoot out the end.  He dumped the first load deep in her
throat, going directly into her stomach.  He pulled his organ from her throat,
hearing her sucking in air at the same time he shot another load of seed into
her open mouth.  It was the wrong time for her, she ended up sucking in his
seed, going into her lungs, her choking and gasping dragging more seed from his
balls.  He pumped his cock with his hand into her opened mouth, watching as it
fell onto her tongue and lips, her mouth filling quickly.  "Swallow quickly,
little tiger, or it will be the flogger for you."
	
	Bella could not believe the amount of vile fluid he was pouring into her
mouth.  Some shot directly into her stomach, but he pulled his organ from her
throat and forced her to taste the hot, pasty, salty fluid as it filled her
mouth.  She swallowed, each time feeling the liquid slip down into her stomach
in massive amounts, almost like lumps.  She gagged each time, trying to keep the
fluid in her stomach, the taste in her mouth revolting her taste buds.
	
	 He pumped his organ again with his hand, not caring about her pain as
his hand smashed against her lips, only caring about satisfying his only
pleasure, her mouth a receptacle for him to use.  He pulled his rapidly
shrinking organ from her mouth, his fingers unloosening the mouth restraint and
pushed her over onto her side on the ground.
	
	Bella lay on the ground and began to vomit, shooting up the seed he had
expended into her oral cavity.  She sobbed, lying in the pool of vomited,
exhausted by the ordeal he had forced upon her.  She could still hear the
screams of the other woman in the distance, many of them pleading in vain as
they were raped.
	
	"Get some sleep, we leave early in the morning.  We have a long ride and
tomorrow night you will have a chance to pleasure me again with your mouth."  He
pulled her next to him, away from the pool of vomit, his heavy hand wrapped
tightly over her. 
	
	Bella lay on her side, her wrists still tied to her ankles, bent over,
her bottom thrust against him.  She sobbed herself to sleep, her mouth and
throat still burning in pain from the forced oral ravishment, his seed still
lingering on her taste buds.  She did not sleep very soundly, the traumatic
events of the day weighing heavily on her.  Each time she woke up, she could
hear the others in the distance.  There were still sounds of screaming and
begging, but were now less frequent.  All had been taken by the men and they
were learning that any resistance would be futile and painful.
	
	The morning came quickly and before Bella realized it they were riding
off to their unknown destination.  She had again been bound, her wrists tied
again to the stick beneath her arms.  She sat on the saddle in front of him, her
naked sex rubbing painfully on the hard saddle, bouncing along as he held her
firmly.  She saw some of the other woman, some showing signs of abuse by the
men.  They had a blank look in their eyes after having suffered sexually to the
abuse last night.  After about an hour, the stranger's hand moved around her
waist until it reached the front of her dress.  Fingers moved to unbutton the
last remaining buttons, opening it to below her waist.  Bella tried to squirm
away from the molesting fingers.
	
	"We have a long ride and I thought some amusement would break the
monotony.  Now hold still or I will stop and give you another lesson in
obedience." 
	
	Bella allowed him to continue, her bound hands behind her head
preventing anything but token resistance.  She felt his hands, rough textured
flesh moving over her smooth stomach.  She sucked in her breath as they moved. 
She shuddered as she felt them move higher.  She knew that he would be touching
her breasts.   It did not take long.  The thick fingers grasped her naked flesh,
pushing the top of her dress aside, exposing her breasts to him and all that
rode near him.
	
	"Nice tits on that one, want to trade for this one tonight," he screamed
at the stranger.  The man riding next to him pointed at a girl thrown over his
saddle, her head hanging down to the ground, his hands moving over her bottom,
pulling up her dress, revealing her naked flesh. 
	
	Bella could see red welts on the girls bottom, sure that this man also
taught obedience with a flogger.  By the looks of the marks, it took quite a
while before the girl gave up whatever the man required of her. 
	
	"I still have more training to do with this little flower.  Maybe after
we get home when I have taken the fight out of her," he said, urging his horse
to move faster, separating them from the pack.  "You have nice little nips."
	
	Bella felt his fingers plucking at her nipples, making them hard.  The
cool air blew on them as they rode, his fingers plucking and pinching them,
moving from one side, then back to the other.  He did this for over an hour
before his hands moved down over her stomach until it reached her sex mound. 
"No, don't touch me there," determination in her voice, forgetting the flogging
she had received, bent on stopping him for using her body as his plaything.
	
	His hand grabbed her by her sex mound, the giant fingers gripping
tightly into her spread flesh, the rough skin pushing against her tender flesh,
one finger pushing between the pouty lips of her genitals.  "Tonight, you will
face the flogger again.  Depending on how cooperative you are now, will decide
how many strokes and where you will receive them.  If you do not behave, the
flogger will find its way between your legs and strike you here," his fingers
gripping her sex mound tightly.  "Will you cooperate, little flower?"
	
	Bella could only shake her head yes, afraid of the flogger and even more
afraid of the evil in this man.  He had no compulsion in beating her intimate
body parts.  She could not believe that such evil men existed in this world. 
Men that would inflict such pain on a woman.  Men that would sexually assault a
woman like he did with her mouth last night.  She felt the fingers of his hands
begin to play with her open sex mound.  She could do nothing except bounce along
on the saddle, his fingers openly fondling her genitals.  He continued to play
with her body all day as they rode.  He gave her some food as they rode,
unwilling to stop and rest, wanting to get to their destination with their
prizes.  Bella squirmed all day, her nipples always erect.  He would play with
her sex mound, his fingers continually running up and down her open sex.  He
would move up to her bud, snuggled under the protection of skin.  He peeled it
back and his rough finger played over it.  Bella found herself getting wet as he
continued.  When she would feel the stirrings deep in her groin, he would stop. 
He instinctually knew that she was nearing orgasm.  He would stop rubbing her
sex mound and move back up to her nipples.  When he heard her breathing return
to normal again, his fingers would find their way back down to her splayed sex
and begin again to fondle her to the point of orgasm.  By the end of the day,
Bella body was frustrated.  Her sex was red and swollen, her juices wetting the
leather saddle beneath her.  Her nipples stuck out, red and sensitive, the cool
air the only thing needed now to make them hard.
	
	The struck camp again in a clump of trees.  Bella was again bound, her
wrists to her ankles, parked on her knees, waiting as the stranger made a fire. 
In the distance, the others began the rape of the other women.  Even thought
they had their virginity taken last night, the evil men had found new ways to
force screams and begging from them.  Bella was not sure what was happening to
them, she was too concerned about her own predicament.  She was fed a small
dinner, two slugs of the foul liquor and then the mouth instrument was forced in
again, her lips drawn tightly up and back, her oral cavity open and ready for
his organ.   She did not have to wait long before it was slowly forced inside
again.  Like last night, she choked and gagged on the organ as it entered her
throat.  Tears ran down her face as he used her mouth again to spill his seed
inside her.  This time instead of her throat, she was forced to take it all in
the confines of her hot mouth.  He pumped his organ in her opened mouth, the
hot, pasty seed falling heavily on her tongue.  The last load shot out on her
face, dripping from her nose to fall on her cheeks.  He made her hold it in her
mouth while he removed the mouth instrument.  Once removed he forced her to
swallow it.  She did, gagging and choking as the copious amounts of his seed
slowly ran down her throat to settle heavily in her stomach.  It threatened to
come back up tonight, but by breathing deeply she was able to keep it down. 
	
	"You are learning to swallow my seed, little flower.  Soon, we will not
need the mouth instrument.  You will willingly take my organ in your mouth."
	
	"Never, I will never submit to such a vile act," forgetting herself
again.
	
	The stranger removed the flogger from his saddlebags and turned Bella
over onto her side, her ass pushed out.  "This is for your insolence this
afternoon and now again." 
	
	Bella felt the leather flogger begin to beat her bottom.  He focused on
the back of her thighs, sometimes a stray leather thong would slap harshly
against her sex mound or slip between the valley of her bottom.  She would
scream out in pain, the rest of the time she bit her lips, not wanting to give
him the satisfaction.  Bella cried herself to sleep again, the raping continuing
on into the night from the others.
	
	 Bella could hear someone begging, " not there, don't put it in there"
and then an unholy scream torn from her lips.  She could only imagine that one
of the men had put his organ in her bottom, the ultimate humiliation, being
sodomized.  Morning came sooner then expected and Bella was again bound.  This
time her wrists were tied in front of her, but she was thrown over the saddle,
her head hanging down on one side, her feet on the other, like the girl
yesterday.
	
	Like yesterday, the stranger took liberties with her body as they rode. 
Bella became dizzy during the day, all of the blood rushing to her head as she
lay on the saddle hanging down.  Her dress had been pulled up and his hands
began the manipulation of her sex again, bringing her almost to orgasm, then
stopping.  This time he did not have her nipples to play with, so he began to
play with her bottom.  She squirmed as best as she could when he spread her
bottom open, exposing her tiny bud to his fingers.  A quick slap to her cheeks
quieted her down, allowing him unfettered access to her unprotected bottom. 
Fingers brought juice from her sex mound to her bottom and soon fat fingers
pierced her bottom as she moaned in pain and humiliation.  She was brought to
the brink of orgasm numerous times during the day, then left unfilled, her
bottom then abused against her will.   By nightfall, she was a string of tangled
sexual tension.  Two days she was abused almost to orgasm, never allowing her to
be fulfilled.  Nightfall brought the bondage again, quick dinner, the mouth
instrument and then his ejaculation of his seed into her oral cavity again.
	
	Morning and they were off riding early, excitement seem to fill the
men's eyes.   Bella sensed that they were nearing the end of their journey.   By
evening Bella saw a large wooden gate in the road ahead.  The knarled limbs were
thick and sturdy and bound together with huge pieces of rope.  The gate began to
open as they neared it.  What Bella witnessed beyond the entrance was beyond all
comprehension.  The words "The Village, Sinsation Isle" were carved fancifully
into the gate.  Bella had never heard of this place.  She had no idea of what
was ahead of her.

	The horse shied and snorted loudly as they rode through the huge
creaking gate.   Bella could hardly make out any faces of the people that lined
the roadway inside, peering at the newcomers.  She did however, notice the way
they were dressed.  Some of the women and men were kneeling beside others who
seemed more powerful than they were. The females kneeling were scantily dressed,
some with breasts exposed, some with just nipples exposed, and a very thin tiny
bottom covering their sex.  Their bodies were most visible.  The males kneeling
were naked except for a small cone-shaped apparatus over their genitals, not
covering much of them at all.  Some of the males and females had chains around
their necks with the person standing beside them holding it tightly.  Bella
shuddered and lowered her eyes.  What was this place?  She was already
embarrassed by seeing these women and men so shabbily dressed, but even more
humiliated to view their bodies.  She had been taught to be modest, and humble
about her body.  She would never have displayed herself in this fashion. 
	
	She heard shouting and felt the rushing about of the villagers as her
captors turned their horses in the direction of a large stone structure with a
magnificent iron gate.  Now that they had reached some kind of destination,
Bella felt fear begin to rise in her belly. She had sensed a bad aura in this
place.  The tears welled in her eyes again as her bruised bottom was pushed off
the horse.  The stranger grabbed her by her waist and threw her over his
shoulder.  Bella fought and kicked as his grip tightened around her, hoping she
could get free, maybe someone in the village would help her.  
	
	The iron gate opened and she, along with the other captive women, were
carried inside.  The torches on either side of the structure burned brightly as
evening was upon them.  Just inside the huge wooden door, the women were taken
one way.  Bella was hurled into a room with the other females and the door
slammed shut.  The women huddled together crying and moaning.  The room was
empty, nothing but a stone floor. She crawled to the corner and curled up to
warm herself.  Her clothes were tattered and torn.   She continuously tried to
cover herself.   She was so tired and weary as well as very sore.   Once she
quieted, her eyes closed and she drifted off to sleep.

	Bella felt herself being nudged.  She opened her blue eyes to gaze into
the most beautiful set of black eyes.   Another female had settled beside her
and she could not have been older than Bella.  She looked fragile and helpless. 
	
	"I am scared," she whispered to Bella.  "What are they going to do with
us?  I am barely old enough to be away from my parents.   I want to go home."

	Bella sat up and had to remember where she was.   Her eyes roamed the
room as the females lined it.  They were either sleeping or whispering to each
other.   Fear filled the room.   Bella felt it too.   "Listen, we will be okay,"
she said to the young maiden.  "I am here.   We must keep each other strong. 
What is your name?"
	
	"Raisa," she replied (pronounced ray-e-sa).  "I have never been away
from my village.  I am frightened to be so far away."
	
	Bella put her arm around Raisa's shoulder.  "It's okay, I will be your
friend.  You stay with me," Bella replied.   Bella knew that somehow now she
would have to protect this young girl.   Bella, herself, was 19.   She was older
and wiser.  She would help give this young maiden strength if she could muster
it on her own that is.   She was frightened too, anticipating what things might
come and yet determined not to give up her fighting spirit.  She would be free
of this place and she would take Raisa with her. 
	
	A loud creaking filled the room as the door opened.  The females cowered
and froze.   Captors flooded into the room.  Bella and Raisa froze.  The warrior
that had held on to Bella so tightly charged to stand before her.
	
	"Get up," he ordered.  "Do it now."
	
	Bella was so startled that she almost sprung to stand on her feet.  She
pushed Raisa behind her to protect her as if to hide her.
	
	 "You are going to do as I order, is that clear?" he charged.
	
	Bella thought she should agree.  It was the path of least resistance. 
She thought it best.  "Yes" she replied. 
	
	"Now, you are going to disrobe, do you understand?" he ordered.  Bella
went livid.
	
	"What?  Disrobe?  Why I will not, I won't, I will not do it," she
replied.   Even though the stranger had stripped her body, he wanted her naked
in front of everyone.  The humiliation was too much for her to handle.
	
	"Oh yes you will, my little tiger.  I am going to tame you, you can bet
on that.  You will be mine.  You will be my slave, do you understand?   Whatever
it takes, I will have you. You will be my slave and you will do the most wicked
things for me.  Is that clear?"  He grabbed the sleeve of her dress and ripped
it from her chest.  She grappled for her dress, torn from her breasts and held
it to her body.
	
	"Stop!  You cannot do this to me," she squealed in protest. 
	
	"I can and I am.  You will learn obedience.  I will tame the tiger in
you, woman, without a doubt."   He grabbed her arm and yanked her forward to
again stare her in the eye.  "You will listen to me, or you will be much the
worse for it.  These men are determined to have these females in servitude to
them.  Better me than someone else. Now do it!  I am a lenient Master to serve. 
They are not.  Do you understand me?"
	
	She had to admit that his green piercing eyes were stunning.  She was
captivated by them.  She shook herself back to reality.   Bella looked around
the room.  The females were being shoved and stripped at their captor's will. 
The women were squealing and shrieking as their clothes were ripped from their
bodies.
	
	 A large, bald-headed man stood at the door and shouted, "Examination
time."
	
	The women were lined up in order, one by one to exit the room.  Raisa
was sobbing.  "Take her with you," her captor ordered.  "She will be mine, too." 
	
	Bella grabbed Raisa by the arm and dragged her behind her to get in
line.  Her captor came to stand by her side, not making a sound.  Bella stood
naked, holding on to Raisa who was still fully clothed.   Her captor held his
eyes straight-ahead as if at attention.  Each female was being called through
the door by the man who wanted to own her.  Bella could see a large lit room
through the door.  She could not yet make out what was going on but strained to
see.  She was mortified at what she saw before her.  An exam table.   Men
present in the room with the females being place on the table, one at a time. 
They were tied down, legs in metal braces and fully spread-eagled for their
captor to see all of them.  They were being prodded and probed with fingers. 
Some kind of metal instruments were used as they yelped and begged not to be
placed upon the table.
	
	Their captors stood at the end of the table perusing them like a piece
of meat.  The women cried and sobbed at being so exposed.  Bella shivered.
"Sir," she said to her captor.  "If I get on the table, please tell me my friend
will not have to."
	
	He glanced in her direction. "That is fine.  I will have both of you. 
But you will do as I say," he answered roughly.
	
	 "Yes Sir, I shall," she responded relieved that Raisa would not have to
go through such torment.  
	
To Be Continued




Author: Powerone and Sinsationalsub
Title: The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Part: Chapter 2
Summary: A tale of long time ago when women were taken from their villages to
become sex slaves by cruel men that had no regard for them except to satisfy
their sexual perversions. 
Keywords: M+/Ff, nc, anal, oral, bdsm, reluc, humil


The Village of Agony and Ecstasy


Copyright 2003 by Sinsationalsub and Powerone.  You may contact Sinsationalsub
at peelejg@hotmail.com or Powerone at controlher@hotmail.com.


Chapter 2-The Examination

     Bella cringed as she took her place in line to be displayed for the Master
that claimed her.  She nodded at Raisa trying to reassure her that she was going
to be okay.  The piercing emerald eyes of the Master shot through her as Bella
looked at him.  He had a wicked grin on his face.

	"You know, little tiger, that I can request to see all of you right here
in front of all these other men.  I am going to do that, so prepare yourself. 
Maybe it will take some of the fire out of you!"  Bella braced herself and her
crystal blue eyes shot back at his.  Sparks flew in the air as the two stares
met.

	Before she could answer, she was shoved forward to stand before the exam
table.  It was huge, metallic, and looked very uncomfortable.  It looked as if
it was made in sections so that arms, legs, head, and torso could be secured
with braces that locked.  Beside the table was a small table with various sized
instruments.  Bella shivered.  She had no idea what they were nor had she ever
seen anything like them before.  She was terrified.  She wanted to run.  How
much humiliation could these savages put these women through?  Bella looked
around the room nervously.  The men were sitting, laughing, and talking.  She
noticed that most of the Masters were well-built, large men with long hair. 
This man that called himself her Master wore no shirt so the large muscles of
his upper torso were rippled and tan.  He wore a beaded leather headband, tan
leather pants and moccasin knee-high boots.  His long hair complimented the
striking features of his face.  The other men of the village looked similar.

	Bella felt her Master and Raisa steps behind her.

	"Drop your dress, I want you naked!" he ordered her.

	Bella jumped and turned to look him in the face to protest.  Raisa was
standing beside him.  All he did was take his hand and place it on Raisa's
shoulder and smile wickedly at her.  Her resolve faded.  Why did Raisa have to
be here to see this?  Bella was already embarrassed just being ordered around in
front of her.  Raisa had no clue exactly what was going on.  She was so
innocent.  Bella was determined to keep her safe.  She let the dress fall to the
ground, one hand covering her naked sex and the other attempting to shield her
naked breasts from all of the men.  She closed her eyes.
	
	"Remove your hands, let all see your naked charms," he said, the men
laughing at her humiliation.  "And open your eyes, all want to see your
surrender to my power."
	
	Bella let her hands drop to her side, almost standing at attention, her
eyes facing forward, seeing the men looking at her naked sex.
	
	"No!" Raisa burst moving forward to cover Bella.
	
	 Bella put her finger to her lips to quiet her and pushed her back
beside the Master. 
	
	All eyes were drinking in Bella's beauty. He blatantly stared at her
breasts all but licking his lips.

 	Bella notice the room became silent.  She froze.

	"Zora, my brother, she is a fine-looking wench," one of the men said.
	
	 So, she thought, Zora is his name.  She felt them stand and come closer
to the table.
	
	 "Truly, she is a beauty," another man shouted.
	
	 Bella's body blushed crimson and her face flushed hot.  She thought she
would faint.
	
	"Well, she is a tiger for sure, and we shall see what kind of beauty she
is," Zora remarked to his friends.  "Get on the table," he commanded taking his
hand off Raisa's shoulder.
	
	 Bella felt the martyr for offering this.  She went nobly to the table
even though she felt like a piece of meat as she climbed onto the table.  Her
head was spinning.  This was not happening to her.  Shut it out, she thought. 
Bella, you are not here.

 	"Lie back," her Master ordered.  She did as she was told.  He placed her
arms in the braces and strapped them in with large leather bracelets.  He did
the same with her legs.  A thick leather strap went around her waist.  She was
secured and locked into place.  Zora ran his hands down her body feeling her
curves and velvet skin.  Bella shrieked.  She was helpless.  A gag was quickly
place in her mouth so all she could was moan and whimper.  She pulled her
restraints.

	Zora leaned over and whispered in her ear.  "When I get through with you
my dear, I will have seen and prodded your entire body, inside and out.  You are
going to be my pet and I will conquer that spirit of yours or put it to good
use." 
	
	Bella's back arched and her body rose pulling at her bonds in protest. 
She hated him.  She felt the table begin to move.  Levers under it allowed the
sections of the table to be opened and spread wide.  She squirmed and whimpered. 
Her legs were being spread wide and her breasts were being pushed forward.  She
felt suspended because the table actually did come apart in places to allow
access to her body.  There was no way to fight it.  The levers whirred and the
table presented her.
	
	Her back was arched high, her breasts stood straight up.  She felt her
nipples being squeezed.  She whined.  No, she thought, no please.  The tugging
and pinching was just harsh enough to cause the tips to strut and swell.
	
	"That's it, tiger, wince and let your nipples stand and engorge for me."
	
	She felt Zora's breath on her face.  He was that close.  She squirmed
and tried not to let it arouse her but in spite of her effort, his fingers
tugged and pulled at her nipples, rolling them, then massaging her whole breast
for what seemed like an eternity.  She felt moisture between her thighs.
	
	"MMMMMMMMmmmmm, nice tits.  Did you know, lil tiger, that your nipples
are turning burgundy, swelling, and begging me to touch them?  They are
beautiful when they stick out like this," Zora snarled. 
	
	Bella felt a warm mouth cover the tip of her right breast.  She
squealed.  She heard the men in the room clapping.  Zora went from one nipple to
the other suckling and nibbling at them with his teeth as Bella wiggled and
squealed.  His mouth removed to be replaced by clamps pinching her nipples.
	
	 "I want them to remain standing and firm," he said.  "They will always
be like that for me."
	
	Oh noooooooo Bella thought, don't, don't do this to me, pleeeeeeeeease
her body begged.

	The table clanked and her legs were pulled up, bent at the knees with
them touching the nipple clamps only to stimulate them more.  Bella shook her
head and moaned.  She could not believe it!  Her sex was so open.  How could he? 
How could these men do this to her.  She felt the warmth from the lamps overhead
and the coolness of the air in the room hitting the wetness between her thighs. 
She felt fingers pulling the lips open wide.

	"Hmmmm, let me have a look here.  Nice little tiger, very nice and pink. 
The hair will have to go though.  I will have my servants shave you when we get
home.  And oh my goodness, what is this? Juice?  My, my, my, slave!  Are we
aroused?"  He laughed heartily.  His finger slid through her slit and a sucking
noise was heard.  Bella was mortified.
	
	 "Sweet, very sweet," he chided.  She felt straps being placed around
her thighs and three clamps being clasped to one lip of her sex.  Her body
stiffened.   "It's okay, I need to see your clit and your orifice.  I want a
clear view of it."  He patted her belly.
	
	Bella whimpered loudly as three clamps were clasped to the other lip. 
It opened her lewdly, dripping wet.  Bella was so ashamed. 
	
	Her Master pulled a stool up to the end of the table.  The other men
roared and clapped.
	
	"Nice pussy!" she heard one comment.
	
	She wanted to melt away, into the walls and disappear.  Bella felt
fingers on her clithood forcing her clit out of hiding.  She had known when she
was young that she had been highly sensitive there.  She knew that someday, it
would belong to her husband.  Not this, not this way.
	
	 "Come on, tiger, pop your clit out for me.  Push it out!  I want to see
it engorged and red.  It should stand up all the time just like your nipples for
me.  From now on, any time I examine it, it better be bulbous and protruding
out, do you understand?"  He laughed.
	
	She felt his fingers holding her hood back and she actually felt the
little bud swelling.  It throbbed.  She was so embarrassed and pulled at her
bonds trying to close her legs.  It was useless. 
	
	Zora gathered some juice from her sex and began to rub the head of the
tiny bud in small circles.  "Why, my tigress, your clit is huge.  You all but
have a little penis here.  It is sticking out so brazenly, my slavegirl, and
ever time I rub its head it quivers.  I like that.  I think we ought to have the
hooded skin removed so it will always distend and come to attention at a
moment's notice.  I will think about that.  Hmmmmmmm feel good, my pet?"  He
chuckled as he continued to toy with her clit openly. 
	
	The other men cheered him. "Give it to her Zora!  Make her clit stick
out for us!  Her clit is so red!  Make it dance for us! "  They roared.

	Bella was beginning to pant.  It felt so good, so horrendous, so
humiliating to be so aroused in front of so many men.

	 "Your clit likes this, right?"  He admonished her.  "Good.  You are
wiggling and squirming like it feels really good.  Well just wait until she is
suctioned.  I want her even larger than this.  I want to be able to suckle her
openly and pull on her when the mood strikes me.  And you will stand and present
her to me every day when I say so, is that clear, pet?"
	
	 Bella was in oblivion, moaning, whimpering, and squirming. OH MY
GODDDDDDDDD she thought.  It feels so good. Waves of pleasure were shooting
through her body.  Her sex was oozing wetness onto the floor.  Her body flailed
in the position.  Her knees were teasing her nipples when she strained and his
finger was doing its dirty work on her clit.

	"Cum for me, my tiger.  I want to see your orifice pulse and squeeze
shut.  I must see how tight you are and if you are to need training there to
milk my cock dry.  Let me see it suck back and forth just as it will suck my
cock," Zora ordered.

	With that his finger moved quicker and her clit exploded making her
opening pulsate and spasm.  Her body convulsed on the table as she screamed
through the gag.  Her abdomen pumped the air as the juices dripped again on the
floor.
	
	 He held her orifice open for the duration of the cumming.  He spread it
wide and tight as he coached her on to pinch and release it.  It smacked shut. 
Bella was trying to gain some kind of composure.  She was so humiliated.

	"Not through yet, just a little more." He laughed wickedly.  "Your
pretty little sphincter muscle needs examination."  Zora brought her knees and
legs back down to the table, releasing the levers holding her spread.  He
reached over and removed the leather straps holding her bound to the table.  He
whispered into her ear, "I am going to humiliate you in front of the others, I
will tame you one way or another.  If you do not obey, I will take your new
friend, Raisa instead."

	"Over onto your knees, my little wench, let everyone see that plump ass
you try to hide."  He slapped her on the cheek of her ass as she slowly turned
over and let them see her backside.

	Bella pushed out her bottom, positioning it high in the air.
	
	"Head down, that is not what we are interested in," pushing down on her
shoulders, forcing her down onto the hard table. 
	
	Her head was lowered, thrusting her bottom out for them.  Bella could
hear the laughter of the others as she was posed for their pleasure. 
	
	Straps were placed inside her cheeks to keep them taut.  Her entire
bottom was open as lewdly as her sex had been earlier.  Bella squirmed her
protest.  She felt a smack on her bottom.
	
	"That's a good girl, it will open you wider for me," he said.  She
froze, determined not to move.
	
	"What an ass she has, you are a lucky man Zora," one of the men shouted
out, "she will milk your cock well."
	
	She bucked as his fingers slid through the crevice of her exposed bottom
spreading her juices over it.  She moaned as he spread the moisture over her
little, tan puckered anus.  Bella began to yelp again.
	
	"Now, now, my pet" he patted her as he spoke.  "That's right, I am going
to use all of your holes. I demand it so I must thoroughly examine it.  Looks
like you need some training back here."  His forefinger slipped just inside the
tight little hole.
	
	Bella lurched forward.  She could not believe it.  It hurt!  Oh my gosh,
it hurt!   Zora probed her thoroughly there and she cried at the invasion but
withstood it because she knew she was saving one that was more fragile than her,
Raisa, who watched intently, sniffing the entire time, terrified that she would
be next.

	"Nice tight ass," she heard one man say.  "Looks like a velvet rose and
it's pink inside," another man said.  "That will be a nice treat for you, Zora!"
	
	He worked the moisture into her rectum going deeper every time.  "Accept
it, pet, open up, relax. You must take it," he coached.  His finger was going
all the way in now working up a froth of the juice he had smeared on it.  "Nice,
my little tiger has nice tight little asshole ready for fucking.  Oh, you will
service me well back here." 
	
	The pain began to subside as Bella settled into her plight. She saw the
juice on the table that had dripped from her.  She turned crimson.  Oh, to be so
prodded and probed so openly.  She could imagine how she looked with her bottom
so open to all there.  And to have a finger being inserted in and out of the
hole that should never be used for such was the most horrendous thing to her.
	
	"Okay, let's see how you squeeze this hole.  Squeeze pet.  Make it wink
at me and pulsate like your other hole did.  You can control that yourself.  Now
do it for me," he ordered.
	
	No way, she thought.  She would not cooperate.  She just would not do
such a humiliating thing.
	
	"Oh, going to be stubborn, eh?  Well you are going to allow that hole to
dance for me.  I will see to that, then," he snarled.  "Bring that over her," he
yelled to one of the men.
	
	Bella saw a small stand holding glowing coals brought next to the table. 
In it stood out a long metal prod, heating inside the coals.  "No, please
don't," she cried.
	
	One of the men grabbed Raisa from behind, pulling her arms tightly
behind her, her small breasts thrust out provocatively for all to see.
	
	Zora whispered into her ear again, "now stand still or I will take the
iron to her small breasts, you wouldn't want that would you?"
	
	Raisa was scared as she was grasped by one of the men, his huge body
pushed harshly against hers.  She could something hard pushed against her bottom
as her arms were pulled behind her.  The position arched her back up, her
breasts pushed out before her, brazenly revealing them to all the men.
	
	 Bella braced herself as she felt the hot iron moving closer to the
opening of her rectum.  She felt the searing heat hit her, her hole spasmed,
quaked and sucked in.   She yelped loudly and her cheeks tried to close on the
straps holding her spread.
	
	"Yes, wiggle girl, that is useful," he chuckled.  Again and again he ran
the hot iron close to her little pucker to make it move while he watched.  He
giggled and laughed like a child while he did it commenting on the color,
tightness and lewdness of watching it convulse for him and the other men. 
	
	There was more clapping from the room. "Boy she has a good suction
there, Zora.   Watch that hole move!"
	
	 Bella felt her muscles there spasm and purse in and out.  She was so
ashamed all over again.
	
	 "My tiger, why every time your little tight hole pushes out, I see
pink.  You are such a nasty girl. I like nasty girls like you."  He put the iron
back into the fire.  "It is time for us to leave and go home to my farm, it is
only an hours ride from here and we will go back the wagon.  "Come, off of the
table, bring the young one also," he ordered her.  "You may put your dress back
on, I have seen enough for now.
	
	Her captor nodded his approval and she put her dress back on and headed
towards the door.  "Come on, you have orifices befitting a king, untouched and
unentered.  I shall have them all.  You will serve me well," he chided.
   
	Bella was pulled along by the chain that bound her neck, Raisa behind
her quietly sobbing.  She was hurried into a horse and wagon.  Her captor,
snickering as he put her in place in the wagon and Raisa beside her.  The
traveling was arduous, bumping and shaking, but at last they arrived at their
destination.  Bella looked out the side of the wagon.  There were many fields
surrounding the main house, a large structure surrounded by high walls built of
large logs stood end on end.  The gate was huge and on the front stood out the
sign, "Village of Agony and Ecstasy."
	
	 Bella and Raisa were shocked at what they saw.  A large raised platform
stood in the center of the village.  On the platform stood various wooden
structures.  Some were occupied, some vacant.  A large wooden stock held the
body of a young female slave, naked, her head forced through the center hole,
bending her at the waist, her hands encircled with the stock at equal level. 
Her bottom, naked and pushed out revealed her naked pucker due to the binding of
her legs in a spread position.  Whip marks still highlighted her cheeks, bright
red marks running crosswise.  Another young girl nearby, stood tall on her toes,
her arms bound behind her, her ankles wrapped tightly with rough rope.  She was
naked, sweat pouring from her body as she struggled to maintain the position. 
The rope around her neck, drawn tight kept her from failing.  Any relaxation
would result in asphyxiation.  A large, muscular slave stood bent over backwards
on a raised wooden slat.  His naked genitals were his most prominent feature,
standing up, naked and exposed.  A large wooden vise clamped onto his organ
squeezed it tightly, blood engorged in its head.  A smaller clamp hung down from
his ball sack, pulling his crushed balls heavily toward the ground.
	
	"You will learn that any disobedience will be dealt with harshly.  You
will work during the day at a job that is assigned you and you will always be
available for my pleasure," Zorg stated.  The wagon stopped and two male slaves,
both bronzed and muscular, naked except for a pair of shorts rushed towards the
wagons.  Though slaves themselves, the pair were obviously in charge of the
other slaves.  "Take the older one and get her bathed and clothed.  Make sure
her pubic hair is shaved.  You do it, not one of the women.  She is feisty and
must learn her place," Zorg ordered the two.  "I will take the young one and
take care of her.  I will bath her and get her dressed."  Zorg watched as the
dragged Bella off, her head turning towards them as they pulled her, her eyes
pleading as she saw the fear in Raisa's eyes.
	
	"Do not fear, young one, I will not violate your body, but you will
learn to strip and show your body to me.  I own you, I am your Master."  Zorg
pulled Raisa towards the back of the house.    

To be Continued




Copyright 2003 by Sinsationalsub and Powerone.  You may contact Sinsationalsub
at peelejg@hotmail.com or Powerone at controlher@hotmail.com.


The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Chapter 3  Shaved

	Bella shuffled along behind the male slaves that helped her from the
wagon.  They headed towards a dusty, gray structure down the dirt path.  The two
male slaves chattered away ignoring her.

	"Master says this one is a live one.  She's feisty," one of them said. 
They both looked at each other and cackled.

	"Well, she won't be for long, now will she?" said the other.  "Master
will break her, that's for sure, " they laughed again.

	Bella froze and stomped her foot, her eyes flashing.  "Shut up.  Who are
you two to talk about me?  You do not know me," she shouted.  She reared back
dragging the male slave holding her shackles backwards until he almost fell
down.

	"Heyyyyyyyyy," he shouted yanking her back into place.  "Stop it.  You
had better learn now that the Master means business.  You will learn to submit
to him and you will be treated fairly.  If you don't, it will really be tough
for you here.  He can be as kind as he is harsh."

	The other slave snarled at her.  "Not to mention what WE will do to you
in the slave-quarters if you make it hard on us by not doing what we tell you to
do."

	Bella remained firm.  "Well you are just two poor little ole' slaves,
now aren't you?  You have no breeding and character.  I do.  He will not own
me."

	The two men looked at each other and laughed again.  "Well, little Miss
Brat, we shall see now won't we," said the slave holding her rope.  He gave it a
yank and Bell tumbled forward catching herself before she hit the ground.

	He yanked her and pulled her along until they stopped in front of a
large stone structure with a huge wooden door.  It creaked as they pushed it
open and dragged her inside.  "Which room shall we put her in?" asked the male
holding her rope.  "We have to bathe and shave her for the Master."

	A very voluptuous slave girl dressed only in a skimpy two-piece leather
outfit sitting at a desk said,  "Take her to the last room on the right.  Master
sent instructions and the other girls are preparing the room for you."  Bella
glared at her.  Her nipples were standing up peeking over the top of the
material and the bottoms barely covered her sex.  She appeared comfortable with
her attire.  Bella was embarrassed for her.
	
	She stared at Bella eyeing her up and down.  "Hmmmmmmmmm, a new slave
girl, eh?"

	"Yes, and she is going to need some taming," they all snickered
together.

	"Well she surely will get it here," said the girl.

	The rope pulled Bella down the hall.  She heard squeals and grunts
coming from the many rooms they passed.  The doors were shut so she could only
imagine what was happening in the rooms.  They approached one room on the left,
the door burst open, and a slave girl came out hurriedly.  Bella peered into the
room.  A man was in the room standing between a woman's open legs.  She was
stretched on a stone table. 
	
	She was yelping and squealing.  "Pleeeeeeeeease don't do that.  It
hurts," she cried

	"Now listen here, girl, you lay still.  This is as the Master ordered. 
Your clit will have to be suctioned.  He wants it larger.  After I attach it, it
will feel wonderful, I promise.  I am to allow you to orgasm once," chided the
man as he held a cylinder in one hand and pulled a small plunger on the end of
it out.

	The slave girl who had come out hurried back in with what looked like a
gag in her hand.  The door slammed and the woman on the table cries became
muffled.

	Bella was mortified.  The two male slaves pulled her into the next room. 
It was damp and cold although it had a fire burning in the hearth.  There was a
huge, padded chair in the middle of the room with two small carts sitting beside
it.  On the carts were some objects, cloths, towels, a pitcher of water, and
some other items.  The two slaves pushed her as she protested into the chair,
binding her wrists to the arms of the chair.  They slowly raised first one leg,
draping it over the arm of the chair.  Bella fought them as they did.  A rope
held it securely to the arm.  Rippppppppppppp.  There went her tunic. 
	
		"No, let me go you pigs," she shouted.  A hand reached out and
grabbed her other ankle.  She tried to kick him, but the other helped, slowly
spreading legs apart.
	
	"Hey, nice little pussy, eh?  Tie her open, I want to see her better." 
	
	Bella turned red in embarrassment as they slowly pulled her open,
feeling her pussy lips spreading open as she was spread wide.  She bucked in the
chair, but to no avail.  Her ankle was gripped tightly, rope now securing her
leg to the opposite arm rest.  Her legs were now spread open, her sex open for
them.  She felt a hand slide underneath her ass, pushing her forward and up, her
bottom was naked, turned up, exposed and open.  Before she could cry out again,
the sarcastic slave put a gag in her mouth.  All Bella could do was moan and
grunt.  She felt the warmth of a lamp.

	"Don't you just love shaving them?"

	The conversation humiliated her as she writhed in the chair and groaned.

	"Yes I do.  And I love to play with them too.  And look at this one. 
Let's do a thorough examination on her, okay?  She has a nice gaping hole and it
looks so tight, not to mention her asshole."

	Bella whined.  She closed her eyes to shut them out.  She felt fingers
on her sex, as her lips were tugged open wide to expose all within them.  The
fingers were not gentle, grabbing her pussy lips tightly between two fingers and
pulling them wide.  It almost felt like they were trying to tear them off,
pulling them obscenely wide, exposing her pink insides.  Another pair of hands
moved over her sex, grabbing the layer of skin over her clit and pulling it
back, exposing her clit to their gaze.  "MMMMM," she mumbled into the gag, her
head turning back and forth in protest.

	"Look at that clit.  It is huge.  The Master will love this one.  Wonder
how much bigger it gets when you stroke it?"

	Bella felt something graze the head of her clit.  She jolted forward as
a shock coursed through her body.  She knew that her body would betray her now. 
She could feel the wetness build.  Her hips arched up in reaction, unable to
contain herself.  Her clit was extremely sensitive and would instantly make her
wet when stimulated by her fingers.  This was different.  This was rough hands
running harshly over it.

	"Look.  She's wet.  You little slut you, you like this."

	Bella squirmed pulling at her bonds.  The rubbing continued on the head
of her clit until she could feel it was slippery wet.  Her mind was swimming as
her little sex button, swelled, throbbed under the ministrations.  Her sex was
dripping now.  There was only the sound of her panting in the room.  Her hips
continued to buck in the bondage they placed her in.  Her ass raised up from the
chair, her asshole exposed to them.

	"Look how red and big it gets.  And she is sopping wet.  Oh you bad
girl, you," the male slaves chuckled.  "How does it feel to have your clit
stroked before two men, eh?  We can see everything, Miss Brat, we have the lamp
on you now so we are going to see that tight hole of yours spasm and convulse. 
We will see every quiver."

	Bella let out a shriek through the gag.  She could not stand much more. 
She was going to cum before them.  She tried desperately to free herself so she
could close her legs.  The tickling continued as the sensations passed through
her body.  She could feel how swollen and erect her clit was.  Her sex was
pulsing, dripping, and her head pounding.

	She felt an intrusion into her sex.  It was at the opening of her sex
hole.  It teased her, entering her and tickling her there for a moment and was
taken away.  She was so aroused she wanted to scream to get it back.  Rough
fingers entered again, this time two.  She felt them moving around inside her,
twisting and turning, hard knuckles rubbing her soft flesh. 

	"Suck my finger."  It was the sarcastic male talking.  "Suck my finger,
go ahead.  We both want to see your pussy hole suck it.  Clamp down on it.  Bite
down, hard."  The fingers pushed in and out repeatedly.

	"Mmmmmmm, I like fingerfucking her.  She feels tight inside," he said as
his finger continued its onslaught.

	Bella was wiggling in the chair.  She was actually trying to pump
herself on his fingers in her pussy.  She was quit a spectacle to see.  At that
moment, she did not care.  She was helpless to do anything about it.  She
tightened her pussy on the digits, grabbing at them like they were a small cock. 
Her clit was trapped by the others fingers, twisting and turning the hard, red
bud, stimulating her body.  They were not soft fingers like her own.  She had
learned early on how to stimulate her bud into erection and to make herself cum. 
These fingers were a mans, harsh and rough, but she did not care.  They still
seemed to get the same results, she was getting ready to cum. 

	A guttural, primal moan came out of Bella as her body burst into
convulsions in the chair.  Her body stiffened, her soul shattered, as she pumped
her bottom for the two men.  Her pussy gripped the finger and her clit quivered
and danced.  Wave after wave hit her as her sex performed for them.

	"Boy, she can grip a finger, wonder what she'll do with a cock," said
the sarcastic male slave.  His fingers pulled from her sex, covered in her
juices.  They came out with a loud pop, startling Bella as they did.
	
	"I can only imagine.  Her sex is beautiful.  Did you see the way it
clenched and puckered in and out?  Master is going to love it."

	"That clit is something.  It is still erect.  It is like having a little
cock.  I don't know if I have ever seen one so big or so purple."  He tapped her
clit as he spoke, Bella's body jumping in response, her clit now sensitive.

	Bella was spent.  When her mind cleared, she blushed crimson, ashamed of
herself.  She could only groan and make inaudible sounds since the gag was
cutting through her mouth.  She again fought the restraints.

	"Get the water and the soap.  Let's bathe and shave her like the Master
ordered."
	
	Bella felt the warm water and soap rubbed slowly over her sex.  She
could feel the suds beginning to form.  She shivered in fear as the hand moved
back towards her ass, pushing between her ass cheeks to rub over her asshole. 
She felt his fingers rubbing over her little, tan puckered anus.  It continued
to rub long after having soaped the tiny pucker.  Bella squirmed in the seat,
her muffled cries in the gag, protesting the cruel ravishment of her naked sex.
	
	"What a tight asshole she has.  Master is going to love taking her in
her tiny asshole."  He laughed, his fingers still rubbing her asshole. 
	
	Her body bucked in the seat, the tight bondage preventing her but only
limited movement.  One of them had used the soap as a lubricant and inserted a
finger up her back passage, the slippery finger finding only limited resistance
from her sphincter as it plunged inside her.  Her sphincter fought back,
squeezing and pushing on the digit, trying to expel it from her body.  Her back
passage was not used to objects being forced in and did the only thing it knew
how to do, expel it.
	
	"Master is going to love her tight asshole.  You should feel how it
sucks on my finger, trying to push it out."
	
	"Let me try too," the other pushing his finger along the one inside her. 
	
	"MMMMGGGG," Bella yelled into the gag, her hips pumping up and down as
the two fingers now slid along her back passage, cruelly riding along the
lubricated pathway into her rectum.  She felt like she was going to tear as they
continued to push in and out, her sphincter beginning to spasm on the duel
digits.  She felt so humiliated, bound naked, spread wide with the cruel men's
fingers inserted in her most private orifice.  "GGGGRRRRHH," she yelled again as
they twisted around inside her, their knuckles rubbing harshly against her silky
insides.
	
	"I'm going to shave her, I love a bald pussy.  She's going to look like
a ten year old when I'm finished."  They both pulled their fingers from her
backside, a small fart of air escaping as they popped out.  "Listen to her fart
for us, imagine what she will do when the Master puts his cock inside her," they
laughed, Bella turning red in shame.
	
	One hand held her right pussy lip, stretching it out to the left, giving
the straight razor in his other hand a clean, smooth skin to shave.  "Hold
still, I wouldn't want to cut your pussy," he ordered Bella.  He let the razor
run over her mound, the sharp blade cutting the hair quickly off.  Three swipes
with the razor to each side and he was finished.  Onto the other side and again,
her hair was quickly shaved. 
	
	His thumb pushed on her clit as he quickly cut the hair on the top of
her mound, his thumb moving slowly in a circle, teasing it into erection.  Her
hips began to move as he masturbated her.  "Don't move too much, I wouldn't want
the Masters clit cut from your body.  He will so love making it hard and making
you cum."  The razor cut the hair from the top of her mound, the finger
continuing to rub over her clit as he did.
	
	"Let me shave her asshole," the other yelled, grabbing the razor. 
	
	"NNNNNGGGGOOO," she muttered into the gag, not there she thought, her
hips bucking again.  She felt fingers running soap over her asshole again, her
body frozen in fear, afraid the razor might accidentally cut her delicate back
passage. 
	
	"Look at her pucker when I run the razor over it, it purses out and in. 
Just like a little mouth."  He touched her anus again, both of them staring
intently as her anus performed for them, opening and closing in response to the
stimulation.
	
	Bella could feel her anus moving, unable to stop the natural reaction to
the sharp razor running over it.  She tried to stay still as the cold steel of
the razor swiped at the tiny blonde hairs surrounding her anus, cleansing her
backside of all its hair.  She felt the warm water running over her sex mound
again, washing off all of the soap, leaving her slightly damp, her sex now
completely bald.
	
	"Don't that look beautiful, bald just like a baby.  I think she owes us
something for all of our work.  I heard the Master say that her mouth was good. 
Let's get her to suck our cocks."
	
	Bella looked up as one of them approached her, his hand fumbling for the
buttons on his shorts, his fingers drawing out a huge cock.  It glistened in the
light, cum already leaking out the bulbous head.  He had a whip in his hand.
	
	"If you bite my cock, I will whip your pussy until it is bloody.  Do you
understand?"
	
	He straddled her body, his cock only inches from her mouth.  She could
smell the stale smell of sweat on him.  He removed the gag from her mouth, the
sound of her sucking in fresh air ringing out in the room.  "Yes," she said,
nodding her head.
	
	The cock head rubbed over her lips, leaving trails of sticky semen on
her lips.  Her lips parted slightly and that was all the response he needed, he
quickly pumped his hips forward.  Her lips were drawn back tightly as the huge
cock spread them apart.  The head disappeared inside the hot confines of her
mouth.  Her tongue was pushed aside, the cock sliding effortlessly over the
wetness.
	
	"Lick it, especially the end.  Taste my cum, slut," he ordered her.  He
tapped the whip against her pussy slit, feeling her jump in pain.  "Do it, I
wouldn't tell you again."
	
	Bella jumped at the pain as the whip hit her newly shaved mound,
slipping in between the bald lips and hitting her tender insides.  Her tongue
instantly shot out and began to run over the cock, the foul tasting cum filling
her mouth with its salty, heavy texture.  She gagged in response as it tried to
slide down her throat.  She felt his hips begin to pump back and forth, each
time forcing more of the cock in her mouth.  "AAAGGHHH," gagging as the cock
head hit the back of her mouth and tried to force it down her throat.
	
	"I'll hold her, you pump her full of cock," the other one standing
behind her, his hands on her head, holding her steady, not allowing her to move
away from the awful cock that began to hammer into her mouth.  The only sound in
the room was the slapping of his balls against her chin as he pumped her full of
cock.  She choked and gagged each time as they forced her to take the huge cock
head into her tiny throat.  If was like trying to put a string into a needle, it
just would not fit.
	
	Bella's throat began to burn in pain as she was throat fucked by the
slave.  His cock was so big, filling her mouth to overflow, her throat
stretching wide to accept the huge instrument.  She could not move, forced to
accept the cruel oral ravishment.  "MMMGGGG," she cried, her stomach turning
over and over as she choked and gagged.  She felt him push deep inside her
throat and stop, his cock jerking in response to the tightness of her throat. 
She breathed deep through her nose, sucking in as much as she could.  She began
to feel light-headed, her eyes beginning to glaze over from the lack of air.
	
	"Don't faint on me, slut," pulling his cock out of her mouth, hearing
her suck in large quantities of air.  In again, his cock pushed to the back of
her throat, gagging her as it shoved in deep again.  He grabbed his cock at the
base and began to pump it.  "Hold her head, I'm going to shoot the first load
down her throat directly into her stomach."  He pumped his cock up and down
until he felt his balls swell in anticipation.  "Yeeeeaaah, here it comes,
slut." 
	
	Bella could feel the cock expand and jerk, shooting out a blast of cum
that quickly shot into her stomach.  His hand beat against her face as he
urgently pumps his cock into an orgasm.  She felt the cock pull from her throat. 
She sucked in a breath of air, choking as his cum went down the wrong way.  Her
chest heaved, the choking and gagging overcoming her.  The next load of cum
filled her mouth with a rope of salty, thick cum.  It seemed to be everywhere,
overflowing her mouth and dripping down the corner of her lips. 
	
	"Swallow, slut, swallow my cum."  He pumped his cock inside the hot
confines of her mouth, shooting large amounts of cum.  He watched as her throat
bobbed up and down, swallowing each load as it shot inside.  Finally his cock
began to soften, popping out of her mouth, his cum stringy and stretching from
her lips to the head of his cock as it pulled out.
	
	Before she had a chance to recover, the other took the others place and
her oral cavity was again invaded with hard cock.  This one was equally cruel,
not caring about the pain and suffering he inflicted on her.  His only desire
was to fill her mouth with his cum.  Long minutes passed as he fucked her face,
her lips now bloody from being smashed into her teeth.  She choked and gagged as
her throat was again broached with his cock.  Finally her mouth was forced to
take the second load of cum, this was even worse tasting then the last.  She
sagged in her bondage, cum dripping down her face.
	
	"Let's clean her up and give her to the Master.  Not don't say a thing
to the Master about us fucking your face, or next time it will be worse."  He
slapped her pussy with the whip to show her he meant business.  She was finally
led away, now clean and freshly shaved, ready to service her master.
	
To be Continued




Copyright 2003 by Sinsationalsub and Powerone.  You may contact Sinsationalsub
at peelejg@hotmail.com or Powerone at controlher@hotmail.com

The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Chapter 4


	Raisa was dragged along sobbing.  She shivered as the massive iron door
creaked open to the main house.  The things that she had already witnessed were
overwhelming.  She was so innocent and had her whole life ahead of her.  She had
never dreamed that women or men could be used as slaves, and yet here she was
thrust in the middle of it.  She longed to go home.  And now she had lost her
protection, Bella.  She hoped that Bella was all right, in fact, she hoped she
even saw her again.  She was not sure of anything.  She had heard what Zorg said
about not abusing her.  She hoped it was true.  She was a virgin and could not
imagine being forced.

	As the door slammed shut, the servants came running, all scantily
dressed.  Raisa noticed as she cowered behind Zorg that the women were very
beautiful and the men very handsome.  They all looked fit and well cared for
even if they were slaves.  She relaxed a bit and tried to catch her breath.

	One of the slave girls stepped forward. 

	"Sir, a new slave?"  She eyed Raisa up and down.

	Raisa cringed at the stare.

	"Yes, she is new.  But she is here to serve me, only me.  In fact, there
are two new slaves that I brought home.  They are both solely for my pleasure
and will not be shared among you slaves.  Is that understood?"

 	The slaves that had gathered bowed and all chimed,  "Yes, Sir."

	Zorg released Raisa's arm.  He pushed her in the direction of the slave
girl that had stepped forward.

	"Take her upstairs to my quarters.  Draw a hot bath and bathe her."

 	Zorg looked at a male slave, rather young and very virile.  Muscles
rippled over his chest.

	"You will go help her.  After she is clean and bathed, you both will
bring her to my quarters and present her to me.  Make sure she has something to
eat also."

	Raisa heard Zorg's words and wanted to scream.  Bathe me?  A man?  The
girl slave was fine but a man?

 	She was horrified but afraid to say anything.  She feared for her life.

	The male and female slave stepped to either side of Raisa and grabbed
her arms to lead her to the Master's quarters.  Zorg disappeared through a side
door.

	The stone stairs wound around and around.  Raisa hardly had the energy
to climb them, she was so exhausted.  Torches lit the stair well.  The main
house must have been at least three stories.  Raisa had never seen anything so
huge.  The three of them stopped on what seemed to be the second floor.  They
turned to go down a long hall.  At the end of the hall, Raisa could see two
large doors, torches on either side, with two large iron lion heads attached to
them.  The male slave unlatched the handles and pulled the door open.

	Inside, the room was filled with the light from a roaring fire.  The
huge lanterns on the wall had the room well lit.  It was warm, cozy, and
definitely masculine.  A bearskin rug lay on the floor beside a large feather
bed.  It was the largest bed Raisa had ever seen.  The bedposts were as large
around as any grown tree.  They were carved and ornate.  The headboard was
carved also and reached the ceiling just like the bedposts.  There were curtains
attached between each bedposts that could be pulled together for privacy.

	Raisa shuddered as she noticed shackles on the four bedposts.  She even
noticed some kind of harness hanging in the corner of the room.  There were
various gadgets on the wall, but she had never seen any of them before.  She
did, however, notice a crop that was mounted and displayed.

     The other walls of the room had ornate swords displayed and mounted animal
heads.  A good hunter, Zorg must be.  There was a tiger's head, a lion's head,
elephant tusks and various other animals trophies on the wall of the room. 

	In front of the hearth was a large sofa, with a table and chair beside
it.  Raisa was pushed into it.  She did not speak.  She was either too tired or
too scared.

	The large while sofa was soft and very comfortable.  Raisa lay back to
catch her breath.  She was so tired.

	The two slaves disappeared through another door and Raisa heard the
sound of running water.  They chattered as they worked but Raisa could not hear
what they were saying.  She closed her eyes and drifted off into a deep sleep.

	"Wake up!  You must get your bath."  The slave girl was shaking Raisa. 
   
	Raisa drowsily opened her eyes and came back to reality.  She sat
straight up on the sofa.  The female had a cup of broth and a slice of bread. 
She put them down on the table in front of Raisa.

 	"You must eat quickly.  I must bathe you and Jamon is going to help me,"
she said.

 	Raisa pulled back.  "NO!  Does he have to stay?"

	"Master ordered it, so it must be.  We will not hurt you."

	"Oh, please make him go!"  Raisa whined.  She had never been undressed
before a man.  He had to be at least in his twenties.  She was so embarrassed at
the thought of having to disrobe in front of him.

 	"I cannot.  If I do, I shall be punished.  He must stay and help," the
girl said.

	Raisa leaned forward and raised the broth to her lips.  It was steaming. 
Her mind raced as she sipped it to figure out a way to get away from these two
slaves.  There was no where to go.  She was a captured animal. She gulped the
broth down and swallowed the last bit of bread as the female slave reached to
pull her to her feet.

 	Raisa started to pull away from the girl's grasp.  She struggled but to
no avail.  Jamon came over and took her other arm and they pulled her to her
feet and into the adjacent room.

	The large stone bathing pool was steaming.  There were bottles of oil
and other scents lined beside it.  Jamon held Raisa as the female slipped her
tunic over her head.  Raisa blushed.  She watched as Jamon's eyes perused her
body.  She was standing face to face with him as he held her arms.  His eyes
traveled the length of her body.  Raisa's breasts were small and tear-dropped,
firm and the nipples now strutted as the cool air hit them.  Raisa wanted to
cover herself.

	Jamon's eyes traveled farther down.  He smiled when they got to her sex. 
She only had wisps of pubic hair.  Her sex lips were thin and pouty.

	"Oh what a treasure you will be for the Master," he smiled as he said
it.  "I am going to enjoy presenting you to him.  I wonder what lies inside
those lips."

	Raisa's eyes closed for she did not want to hear that.  She bit her lip
to keep her mouth shut for she was at his mercy.  She was afraid to say anything
that might ignite him.

	The girl grabbed her arm again and the two slaves pulled Raisa down the
stairs into the bathing pool.  It did feel so luxurious. 

	They splashed the water over her body.  Jamon reached for a bottle of
oil and picked up a small brush and a cloth.

	"Hold her while I soap her up," he said to the female slave.

	The female pinned Raisa's arms back so her breasts stood up.  It pushed
her breasts forward as the nipples stood straight out.  Jamon took the brush,
poured some oil on it and proceeded to scrub Raisa's shoulders.  The bristles
were soft.  The oil lathered and slid down her chest.  The brush slid over her
nipples, back and forth, back and forth.  Raisa fought and whined but the female
slave had such a hold on her that she could not free herself.  She had the
strangest feeling when the bristles of the brush touched her nipples.  It was
almost pleasant and she had a strange sensation between her legs.  She did not
understand it.

	Jamon worked on her nipples, teasing them with the brush and trying to
rub the oil into them.  Raisa squirmed and wiggled.  He put the brush back on
the ledge and used his hands and fingers on her nipples, rubbing them in circles
and pinching them.  Raisa noticed a tingling in her groin.  It was throbbing.

	"Now, there, they are nice and clean.  Pull her back so we can bathe her
sex.  Let's put her on the ledge," Jamon said.

	Raisa's eyes widened.  "NO!  Please!  NO," she begged.

	"Good idea," the female slave replied.

	The two slaves tugged her to the side of the bathing pool.  Raisa fought
like an animal but was plopped down on her back on the ledge with her legs
dangling into the pool from her knees down.  The girl pushed her shoulders down
and held tightly.  Jamon perched right between her legs smiling.

	"Now we shall get a look at what lies inside those little pink lips of
yours," he chuckled.

 	Raisa tried to kick him.  Her legs flailed around and were caught by the
female and held tightly, her knees bent.  Jamon pushed her legs open.  Tears
stung Raisa's face.  She was lathered with the soap and scrubbed.  Once the soap
was rinsed off, Raisa felt Jamon's fingers opening her sex.

 	"Okay, now we can look," he said.

	As her lips were spread way back, the female slave bent closer, as Jamon
inspected Raisa's sex closely.  His finger slid through the wetness, as Raisa
cried.

 	"It is innocent and fresh," Jamon told the female.  "It's pink, and she
is wet!"

 	The female slave giggled.  "Oh she will like being wet!"

	Jamon reached to spread her sex wider and took a finger to push back the
hood of Raisa's clit.  Raisa gasped when his finger grazed it.  She had never
felt that before.

	"Look, it is hard!  It is truly beautiful erect, isn't it?  It is a
great size for Master to play with or suck.  I wish I could have her," Jamon
said. 

 	"WELL, YOU CANNOT!"

 	A booming voice filled the room.  Jamon jumped to attention and the
female slave let go of Raisa's legs and arms.  They turned to see their Master
standing in the doorway.

	Zorg stood there with his arms crossed glaring at them.

	"I told you to bring her to me!  You were to bathe her and bring her to
me," he shouted angrily.

	"Yes, Sir, that is what we are doing," Jamon answered.  "She is ready,
Sir!"

	"Very well, bring her to my bed and you may go," Zorg commanded.

	The slaves jumped about, rinsing Raisa as she continued to sniff and
sob.  They dried her, applied some soothing oil to her body which smelled
heavenly.  It made her relax and it felt so good as they rubbed her aching
muscles.  They carried her into the Master's room and laid her in the big
feather bed.  Zorg was standing with his back to them in front of the fire.

	"You are dismissed," Zorg grumbled.

	"Yes, Sir," the two slaves responded in unison.  They hurried out of the
room, closing the big door behind them.

	All Raisa could remember was opening her eyes for a moment from the bed
to see Zorg staring down at her.  She drifted off into a deep sleep.  She awoke
from the sleep, startled, unable to comprehend where she was.  She looked up
from the bed and saw Zorg sitting on the sofa looking at her.  She felt so
embarrassed as she realized that she was still naked.  She quickly closed her
legs when she noticed Zorg looking directly between them at her exposed sex. 
One hand went over her exposed breasts and the other gently cupped her naked
sex.
	
	"No reason to cover yourself now.  I have been admiring your naked body
for hours while you were asleep.  I trust you slept well?"
	
	"Yes Sir," she stammered, noticing that Zorg was dressed only in a robe,
his naked legs hinting that he was naked underneath.  His legs were large and
muscular.  "What are you going to do to me Sir?"
	
	"You are my slave, as well as Bella.  You will learn to service my every
need.  Since Bella has chosen to be your protector, I will often allow both of
you to take care of my needs at the same time," smiling as he said it.  He could
imagine both of them in his bed, naked, taking turns sucking his cock into
hardness.  "Yes, you will both have to please me."
	
	"I don't understand Sir," Raisa said, blushing as she did.  She quickly
realized what he meant.  She was going to have to sexually submit to his
desires.  "No, I have never been with a man before, Sir.  I don't know what to
do."
	
	"Bella will help you at first.  I think you will find yourself very
adept in the manner of pleasing me.  I have been observing you, as well as what
my servants did to you.  You seem to have a very sensuous body and respond well
to stimulation.  We will find out now.  Have you ever masturbated?"
	
	A shocked look took over Raisa's expression.  How dare he ask such a
thing?  It was none of his business.  She held her anger in check, not sure of
her place in this new life, afraid of what might happen to her if she disobeyed
him or displeased him.
	
	"I said, have you ever masturbated before?"  His voice raised up,
booming off the walls of the room.  "I am the Master at this house and you are
my possession.  If at any time you displease me, you will be punished. 
Punishment could consist of whipping, caning and even death.  Your life is only
as valuable as I say it is.  Do you understand me?"
	
	Raisa sat up in the bed, a newfound desire to please him.  Her parents
had never physically punished her before, but she knew that Zorg would not have
the same outlook regarding her behavior.  She had seen enough, the short time
she was held by Zorg and knew that it would be a very painful experience to
disobey him.  "No Sir," she blurted out, lying back down on the bed, not wanting
to see his expression.
	
	"Very well.  You cannot learn to how service my needs until you can do
your own.  But I will teach you."  He stood up and walked over to the bed,
standing at the foot of it, his eyes leering at the young, naked body before
him.  "Spread your legs out."
	
	Her eyes clenched tightly, not wanting to see him ogling her naked body,
she slowly allowed her legs to open.  She could feel the cool air in the room
between her legs as her pussy lips slowly began to spread open.
	
	"More, spread open more.  To the edge of the bed, quickly now, I don't
have all night to teach you," he commanded her, his voice raised, his
displeasure showing.
	
	Raise bit her lip, the taste of blood filling her mouth as she cringed
at the obscene command required of her, but her hesitant legs spread wider until
they reached the edge of the bed.  She moaned in pain, the split between them
aching at the unnatural spread.  Her body jerked when she felt the hot, callused
hand touch her foot.  She felt him grab her ankle, pushing her leg up towards
her body, forcing her knee to bend as it did.  He tucked her ankle between her
legs, her knees spread wide to the side.  Her other ankle was grabbed similarly,
her legs spread wide like a frogs.
	
	"Very good, now reach down with your fingers and run them up and down
your pussy slit.  I want to see the dew on them as you do."
	
	Hesitantly, Raisa allowed her hands to move down between her legs, down
over the flat of her stomach until it reach the sparse pubic hair between her
legs.  Her body shuddered as her finger first made contact, running over her
hooded clit.  She let it slide further down, feeling the moisture already
between her pussy lips, humiliated at how her body was reacting to the forced
masturbation.  Her hand was trembling as it pushed her pussy lips apart, sliding
effortlessly over the slick flesh, already well lubricated with her juices.  Her
fingers touched the opening to her vagina, feeling the tightly clenched opening
strain at the intrusion. 
	
	"Yes, run your finger around the opening of your sex.  Soon you will
feel for the first time my member entering you and taking your virginity.  You
will learn to train your pussy to grasp and milk my cock as I fuck you.  Good
girl, feel how tight you are," his voice urging her on.
	
	Raisa's finger entered her tight vagina, feeling it gripping the tiny
digit.  How would she be able to take a hard cock inside such a small hole she
wondered?  She had never seen a cock on an adult male, only on the little boys
she had taken care of.  They were only tiny, soft pieces of flesh.  Not what she
imagined that the Masters cock would look like.  "MMM," she moaned, hoping that
Zorg did not hear her.  She moved her finger around the opening, feeling the
tight skin stretching wider as she did.  She could feel the moisture on her
digit, making it easier to slide around.
	
	Zorg watched in awe, as the young virgin Raisa played with her vagina,
her legs spread so wide, open and exposed.  "Open your eyes, I want you to see
me watching you pleasure yourself," he ordered her.  Her eyes popped open,
suddenly confronting his gaze on her.
	
	She was so humiliated when she opened her eyes, he was standing directly
over her, his eyes glued to her masturbating fingers.  She had never been so
naked and exposed to a man before.  Tears began to fall from her black eyes,
running down her face.  Her chest heaved, as she had become aroused at what she
was being subject to.  She was being forced to pleasure herself while he watched
her.  She continued to stare at him as her finger played with her vagina.
	
	"Move your fingers higher now, I want you to pull back your clit hood so
I may see your organ.  The others tell me that it is big and hard, almost like a
tiny cock."  He watched as her two hands moved up, fingers pulling back her clit
hood.  The bright red, hard bud was exposed to his gaze.  "Yes, they are right. 
It is so big.  I don't know why you have never masturbated that bud to an
orgasm."
	
	"GGGoddd," she moaned to herself as she touched her clit for the first
time.  While she had washed the bud before, this was different.  She was already
sexually aroused from the forced stripping and exposing her naked body to these
strange men.  "I would never do such a thing," she blurted out, but she
continued to run her finger over her clit.  Her ass began to rise from the bed,
small humping action as the pleasure began to wash over her body.  She saw Zorg
move towards her and she cringed as she saw one of his big hands move down to
one of her exposed breasts.  "AAAGGHH," she cried out, "don't," she begged as
his fingers plucked at one of her nipples, grabbing the hard bud tightly between
his callused fingers.  Her back arched up as he pulled her by the nipple,
stretching it painfully from her body.  "NNNNNOO," she cried.
	
	"Use your other hand and play with your vagina again, I want your finger
all the way inside until you hit your hymen.  Continue to play with your aroused
clit.  I want you to cum for me, Raisa.  You want that, don't you?  You want me
to see you climax and cum all over your fingers?  A large grin spread over his
face.  He was going to enjoy watching her cum while he watched.
	
	"Don't make me do that, please don't," but she knew it was futile to
beg.  She would have to do whatever he commanded of her or face the
consequences.  Her finger moved back to her vagina, now even wetter then before
and her finger entered without hardly any resistance.  Her ass sank into the bed
as she screwed her finger into herself, feeling her vagina walls grabbing and
milking the wet digit as it plunged deeper into her virgin passage.  "OOWW," her
finger banging painfully against her hymen, allowing it to stay still inside
her, her other finger continuing to masturbate her clit.  It felt like her clit
was the size of a marble, tender to the touch, but her body shuddered each time
her fingernail scraped painfully over the head by accident.  Her nipple hurt
painfully, his fingers unrelenting in the manipulation of it.  His rough fingers
ran painfully around the nipple, broken nails scraping her areolas.   "Too hard,
it hurts," she cried as he pinched her nipple between his fingernails.  It felt
like blood running down her breasts, the sharp pain jolting her body.  "Please,
leave me alone, don't make me cum in front of you."
	
	"You will cum for me and much more before I am finished with you.  Now
raise your ass up from the bed, I want to see your asshole, do not hesitate,
rise up."
	
	Raisa closed her eyes at the humiliating request, he wanted her to
expose her most intimate hole.  Why would anyone want to see that?  But she
obeyed, her ass slowing rising from the bed, her feet now flat on the bed, her
body begin to spread obscenely upward.
	
	"More, higher, Raisa, yes, that's a good girl, a little more."  He
watched her ass rising from the bed, almost a foot higher now.  Her asshole
peeked out from beneath, glistening in the light from the room.  Her pussy juice
had dripped down and ran over the exposed hole.  "Such a tiny asshole you have
Raisa, just a small star.  Run your finger over it," he ordered her.
	
	"No," she yelled out.
	
	He pinched her nipple hard, twisting and turning the tender flesh,
pulling it from her body, her body flinching in pain.  He gripped it harder,
seeing her face contoured in pain.  "Do as I say," twisting it.
	
	"Yes, just don't hurt me," she begged again, her finger moving from her
vagina, down until she ran it over her exposed asshole, her fingers wet.
	
	"Slip your finger inside, feel how tight it is," he ordered her.
	
	No, how could he subject her to such indignities, having to put a finger
in her asshole, a hole that was only meant to push out, not in.  She felt her
sphincter slowly open as her wet finger pushed in.  Her ass circled in the air
as her clit was continually masturbated, her asshole forced to expand to accept
the finger.  It felt strange as her muscles tried to push out the finger,
forcing her to exert more pressure to make it accept it.  It popped in suddenly,
closing over the tip of her finger, squeezing the blood from the end of it. 
	
	"I can see it gripping it so tightly.  You know that I am going to fuck
you in your asshole, don't you, Raisa.  I am going to slip my organ up your back
passage until it will feel like it is coming out your mouth.  Then I am going to
fuck you hard.  It will hurt as I do, but you will soon learn to take a cock in
your asshole.  Now cum for me, Raisa, cum with a finger in your asshole," his
fingers now rubbing her nipples tenderly, no longer hurting the flesh.
	
	She cringed at what he intended to do to her, her finger already
hurting, afraid of a hard cock up her backside.  She had to get this over with,
the pain, the humiliation.  Her finger began to rub over her clit harder,
feeling tiny tremors of pleasure run up her spine.  Her finger absently played
inside her asshole, twisting around inside, unaware of how it looked to Zorg. 
"MMMM," she moaned, her nipples feeling like they were going to pop, so hard, so
erect.  Her hips humped up and down, fucking the air, her finger in her asshole
now up to the first digit, teasing at her clenching and unclenching sphincter.
	
	"Your asshole seems to be a pleasure point, Raisa, bend you finger
inside you, stretch it open, cum for me."
	
	"MMMM, God that feels good," she blurted out, her finger bending inside
her asshole, stretching her back passage.  She could not believe how
embarrassing, but at the same time, so pleasurable that her asshole was.  "I'm
going to cuummm," she cried, her finger pulling and tugging at her clit, "I'm
cccccummmimnng," her innocent body betraying itself.  Her skin glistened in the
light, a sheen of perspiration coating it, her fingers now soaked in her juices,
her ass humping up and down like a dog in heat.  "EEEEEHHHHHH," she yelled out,
her body shaking in orgasm.  She pushed her finger into her asshole up to the
knuckle, corkscrewing it up her tight back passage painfully, a new orgasm
hitting her body as she did.  "EEEEWWWWW," her nipple painfully tender, Zorg's
fingers still tugging at them, her clit swollen and engorged with blood, her
asshole, gripping her finger as the multiple orgasms ran over her body.  Her ass
fell suddenly to the bed, her body exhausted from its first orgasm.  Her fingers
pulled from her asshole with a loud pop that embarrassed her, her legs slowly
closing in humiliation at her ordeal.  She had cum for the first time, Zorg's
eyes still taking in the sight of her naked body as she lay there in the
afterglow of her first orgasm.
	
	"I knew that you would be like that, I could see it in your black eyes. 
You will make a very good slave.  You and Bella.  You may stay in the bed while
I wait for Bella.  My cock is hard and she is going to have to service it and
make me cum.  I think you can learn many things as she pleasures me.  Many
things that you will have to perform soon.  Your body is made for sex and I
intend to make you degrade yourself for my friends and myself.  I think you will
learn to enjoy it."
	
	"Jamon, bring me the other new slave, Bella.  I want her to service me
tonight.  And some rope.  I have some ideas for these two."
	
To Be Continued




Author: Powerone and Sinsationalsub
Title: The Village of Agony and Ecstasy
Part: Chapter 5-Raisa Learns to Suck Her Masters Cock
Summary: A tale of long time ago when women were taken from their villages to
become sex slaves by cruel men that had no regard for them except to satisfy
their sexual perversions. 
Keywords: M+/Ff, nc, anal, oral, bdsm, reluc, humil

The Village of Agony and Ecstasy

Copyright 2003 by Sinsationalsub and Powerone.  You may contact Sinsationalsub
at peelejg@hotmail.com or Powerone at controlher@hotmail.com.

 
   "Come over here," his voice bellowing his command, the sound bouncing off the
walls.
 
   Raisa cringed in fear, getting up from the bed, one arm trying to cover her
naked breasts, the other slipped between her legs.  It seemed that once she had
been forced to cum, her embarrassment returned.  She saw the rope in his hands
and two sets of black metal cuffs, a thick chain connecting the metal bands.
"No, don't put them on me," she cried out.
 
   Bella walked into the room, followed by Jamon, Zorg's male servant.  "What
have you done to her?  You promised not to touch her," she yelled indignantly,
forgetting her place.
 
   "You dare talk to me that way!  I will have you flogged!!
 
   Raisa was stunned, Bella was so forceful, defying Zorg.  She knew that Bella
had made a mistake and would be punished if she did not do something quickly.
"Nothing, Bella, he did nothing," trying to calm her down.  "I am still a
virgin."
 
   Bella looked at the face of Zorg, his mouth curled back into an angry scowl.
God, what have I done, she thought.  "I'm sorry, Master, please forgive my
insolence.  I am here to serve your pleasure," hoping to placate him, knowing
that it would involve trading her sexual favors to further protect Raisa.
 
	"Yes, you are here to help service me.  Raisa has provoked a lust in me
that needs to be taken care of."  He pushed Raisa towards Bella.  "Put your
hands behind your back, " his cock straining the front of his trousers.  He saw
her body tremble, but her thin arms moved behind her, her wrists crossed
submissively.  He grabbed the rough rope and began to loop them around Raisa's
wrists, watching the rope dig into her tender skin, her groan of pain further
igniting his cock.  "Tight enough," giving the rope a quick snap, watching as
the rope pushed deeply into her wrists.

	"Bring the cuffs, Bella, we must secure this vixen," laughing as he
watched the look of terror on Raisa's face.  The first set of metal cuffs was
large, over two inches wide.  He grabbed them from Bella's hand and sank to the
floor, grabbing one of Raisa's ankles tightly.  He opened the first cuff,
letting it slip around her delicate ankle.  He hoped it would tighten enough to
hold her securely.

	"SSSNNAAAPP," the cuff shutting loudly, the chain connecting the cuffs
rattling on the floor.  There was about two feet of chain between them allowing
the wearer the ability to spread her legs.  "Now the other," his large hands
gripping her other ankle and snapping the cuff on quickly.  "You wouldn't be
running anywhere now," laughing at her predicament.  He stood up and picked up
the second set of cuffs, this one only about one inch wide.  He grabbed her
bound arms, the cuff snapping around her upper arm, a chain of one-foot
separating the two.  The cuffs forced her elbows out accenting the thrust of her
breasts.

	"Why are you doing this to me?" Raisa begged in a whimpering voice.  She
felt his large hands reach around, cupping her breasts.  "Please don't," feeling
the fingers moving over her naked flesh, plucking her nipples into hardness, the
callous fingers moving harshly over her perky nipples.  She could feel the
hardness in his trousers behind her, rubbing against her naked ass.

	"Over here," he ordered both of them, moving over to where the sofa and
chair was located.  "Bella, I want you to instruct this little wench in the
proper manner to suck my cock.  Since your capture, you have learned well the
proper method of making me cum in the hot depths of your mouth.  Now you must
instruct Raisa how to do the same."

	"Please, Master, let me do it.  Do not make me force Raisa to suck your
cock.  I will please you very much, Master," Bella begged Zorg.

	Raisa's eyes lit up, hoping the Zorg would take Bella's offer and spare
her the terrible duty of putting her mouth onto his dirty cock.  The act sounded
so despicable, taking a large male organ into her mouth and swallowing his seed.
She had heard other girls talk about it, how their husbands forced them to suck
their cocks when the curse was about them.

	"No, she must learn to please me.  If you refuse to help me, Jamon will
whip you until you do.  Now open your top.  I want to see those lovely tits
while Raisa goes about her chore."

	Raisa's heart sank, the look of disappointment etched on her face.  Zorg
was going to force her to suck his cock and her best friend, Bella would have to
instruct her how.  She would be humiliated again, this time in front of Bella.
She watched as Bella pulled her peasant blouse down, her naked breasts swinging
free of the garment.  They were bigger then hers, the areola a dark brown,
surrounding the pink nipples, the tips already extending from the cold damp air
in the room.

	"Let me talk to her, Master.  I want her to do a good job of satisfying
your lust," Bella responded, feeling more naked because Raisa was in the room.

	"Yes, yes, go ahead, but hurry.  My balls need to be drained and that
hot little mouth is going to do it."

	"Kneel down on the floor, Raisa.  Yes, here," pushing her down in
between the chair and the couch.  She leaned over to her, whispering into her
ear.  "Now you must listen to me and do everything I say.  You must take his
filthy organ into your mouth.  If you don't please him, I am afraid we will be
whipped and then you will still have to perform this loathsome task.  We will
make our escape from these horrible men, but we must do whatever to survive
until then.  Do you understand?"

	"No, don't make me do that.  I don't want it in my mouth.  Please, you
do it."

	Bella grabbed Raisa, pushing her chin up into she stared into her eyes.
"I will not tell you again, obey me.  Do you understand?"

	Whimpering, tears falling from her eyes, "yes, I will do it, just don't
let him hurt me."  Raisa looked so innocent, her mouth slightly ajar, her face
already tear stained.  Soon, her mouth would be crammed with the hard dick of
Zorg and she knew that he would be brutal, fucking her mouth like it was her
cunt.

	"I can't wait any longer.  Is the wench going to suck my cock or should
my servant whip her into submission?  Either way, it will be a pleasurable
situation," laughing at Raisa's plight.

	"Over here Master," Bella requested Zorg.  Zorg moved in front of the
chair, Raisa kneeling submissively before him.  Bella's hands moved quickly to
the front of Zorg's trousers, pushing them down towards his knees.  His cock
sprang out sharply, Raisa's head moving back in surprise.

	"Ah," a surprised Raisa cried out as the huge cock sprang out in front
of her innocent eyes.  She had heard that a man's cock was big, but she had
never seen such a massive weapon before.  The head, a dark red, almost purple,
glistened already, small drops of cum leaking from the eye staring at her
blankly.  The rest of the member, over 7 inches long, as big as her fist, was
covered in dark blue veins running the length.  It looked like it was made of
steel.  She did not know how it would fit into her mouth.  How deep would he
push it in?  "Please, Master, don't make me do this," she begged, her face
stained with tears.

	"Quiet, child," Bella talking to Raisa as if she was a child learning a
new game.  "Just do as I say," her voice stern.  She grabbed the cock with her
hand, barely able to wrap it all around the throbbing member.  "Move closer, I
am going to rub it over your face and lips.  Don't move away when I do.  It will
displease the Master."

	Zorg's cock jumped in anticipation as he felt the hot breath of this
young virgin on his cock.  Bella's hand grasped it tightly, the blood rushing to
the engorged head.  A small drop of cum escaped from the tip glistening in the
torch lit room.  "MMMM," he moaned in lust as the head of his cock slid over the
dainty features of Raisa, moving down her nose, rubbing sensuously over the wet
lips of this virgin, her moisture mixing with his cum to leave ropey trails of
cum.  "Tell the cunt to open her mouth," he ordered, his hands moving down to
grab Raisa tightly on the top of her head.  He wanted to control the movement of
her head.  He wanted to force her to take his cock deep into the hot confines of
her virgin mouth.

	Bella moved over to the couch, reclining on the soft cushions, reaching
over to continue to hold the throbbing cock in her hand.  "Open your mouth and
stick out your tongue.  Run it over the head of his cock, making sure that you
push into the tiny eye on the head.  That is where his cum will come out of.
You are going to have to take it into your mouth and swallow it.  It is salty
and thick.  Try not to choke on it."

	Raisa cringed at the command, her tongue moving hesitantly out of her
ruby lips.  She could smell the scent of the male member, a musty smell as it
jerked before her eyes.  Her eyes closed tightly, not wanting to see the
perverted task she was being forced to perform, especially in front of her new
friend, Bella.

	"Open your eyes, I want to see your eyes as you receive your Masters
cock in your mouth for the first time," Zorg's voice ringing out loudly in the
room.

	Raisa's eyes opened wide, the large head of the cock only inches from
her mouth.  She looked into Zorg's eyes pleadingly, seeing only the blank look
of lust in them.  Her tongue moved hesitantly, touching the hot tip of the cock,
it jerking back in response to her tongue.

	Bella grabbed the cock tighter, hearing Zorg moan in pleasure as she
did.  "Again, this time run your tongue over the head."

	Her tongue moved over the head, feeling the heat of the organ as she
did.  The first taste of cum hit her taste buds, a salty, thick texture her
first response.  Not altogether unpleasant, but she feared large quantities of
the thick fluid filling her mouth.  Her tongue dragged over the head, feeling
the thick ridge, running underneath it, feeling the cock jumping in pleasure.
She did as she was ordered, the tip of her tongue pushing into the piss slit in
the center of the cock.  She could taste the cum leaking from it, filling her
mouth with the taste.  She felt the organ throbbing as her tongue played over
the surface, her first experience of her power over the lust of a man.

	"Good girl, I knew you could do it," Bella encouraged her young protege.
She ran her other hand down to his balls, feeling the heavily laden sack as she
squeezed them gently.  A gentle massaging of his ball sack, a gentle squeeze of
the delicate balls enclosed in them produced lustful groans from his lips.  "Now
open your mouth wide in an "O" Raisa.  You are going to have to take his cock
into your mouth.  He will not wait much longer, his balls are full of his
spunk."

	Raisa looked up at Zorg, her mouth open wide, a gaping hole waiting for
the entrance of its first cock.  She did not have to wait long, the pent-up lust
in Zorg overtaking his emotions.  He pushed on her head, his hips moving forward
as the head of his cock slowly entered her virgin mouth.  She felt the hard cock
rub over her lips, stretched wide to accept the large instruments.  She allowed
her lips to slacken, moving tightly over the cock like a tightened rubber band.
The head was tucked tightly in the hot confines of her oral cavity, over two
inches of throbbing cock jerking around inside.  She let her tongue run over the
member, tasting the cum leaking from the tip as she slowly sucked on the cock, a
squishing sound filling the quiet room as she sucked her first cock.

	"MMMMM, such a hot mouth, almost as good as yours Bella, MMMMM," he
groaned again as he felt the hot tongue run over his cockhead.  Bella's hands
continued to stroke and grasp his cock and balls, milking the hot cum from the
depths of his body.  He pushed his cock further into her mouth, angling it so it
pushed her cheeks out on the side, first on the right side, then the left.  He
heard her muffled sounds as her mouth was crammed with his thick cock, her
ragged breathing coming through her nose.

	Raisa squirmed in her bondage, her body bound tightly, kneeling
submissively on the floor, a hard cock pushed tightly into the hot confines of
her virgin mouth.  She could feel Bella pumping the cock, sometimes banging hard
into her lips as she stroked the erect member.  "GGGHH," she moaned, almost
unable to breathe, her breath ragged.  It banged inside her mouth, each time
pushing farther in before pulling out again, her tongue running up and down the
length of the cock as it moved.  She could feel it moving towards the back of
her mouth and she feared when it would hit her throat.  She knew that it was
longer then the confines of her mouth.  Would he try to force it in farther?
Would he make her take it in her throat?  She knew that it would gag and choke
her if he did and that is what she feared most.

	"Take deep breaths through your nose," Bella whispered to Raisa.  "You
are going to have to take it deeper.  Men are so evil.  They love to hear you
choke and gag on their cocks.  It will make them cum sooner.  Try to relax and
let him have his way.  It will be over soon," she promised.

	"GGGODD, this child is sucking the cum from my balls," Zorg cried out in
lust, her hot mouth and tongue exciting his cock.  "You trained her well, Bella,
now make her take it in her throat," he cried out in lust.  He grabbed her head
tighter, pushing her toward his naked stomach, his cock slowly filling her
mouth, pushing towards the depths of her oral cavity.

	Raisa braced herself for the assault on her throat as she felt the cock
grow bigger, stretching her lips around the organ.  "MMGGGG, MMMGGHHH," her
muffled sounds ringing in her ears as her tongue began to tire from running over
the swollen member.  "AAAAH," she cried out, tears running from her eyes as she
choked on the member for the first time.  "AAAGGWWWW," again, the head of his
cock hitting her throat, her gag reflexes taking over.

	"Again, swallow when it chokes you.  Let your throat open.  It will go
much easier if you do."  Bella watched Raisa's eyes, wide open, her throat
throbbing open and closed as the cock began its assault on her virgin throat.
Her face was already tear stained, her eyes red, spit dribbling down her chin as
the hard cock continued the brutal assault on her virgin mouth.  She remembered
her first experience with Zorg's cock.  The night he took her mouth virginity,
the mouth restraint holding her open, preventing her from biting the cock in her
mouth as he brutally used her for his own pleasure, dumping his load of cum into
the hot confines.  She quickly learned to take it deep inside, her gagging and
choking only bringing more pleasure to his organ.

	Zorg pushed with his hips, his cock over halfway into her mouth, banging
against the back of her throat painfully.  He loved to hear the sounds of his
cock banging against their throat, the pitiful choking and gagging as they were
forced to accept the huge cock into the tiny and tight confines of their
throats.  He knew he would not last much longer, Bella's hands continuing to
pump his cum up from his balls.  He would soon give this young girl her first
mouthful of cum.  But it would not be her last, no, Bella and her would soon be
fighting over who would be the recipient of his nightly cum bath.

	Bella knew that Raisa could not take much more of the punishing cock in
her mouth.  She removed her hand from Zorg's balls and let it move down the
front of Raisa's body, moving over her hard nipples to nestle between her
loosely spaced thighs and a finger nestle between the wet lips of her pussy.
She was not surprised that Raisa was wet.  She did the same when she was forced
to service Zorg's cock.  They both seemed to get pleasure to submitting to the
sexual demands of the Master.  Her finger began to move up and down the slit in
rhythm to the cock in Raisa's mouth, rubbing over the erect clit as it did.

	Raisa was surprised when she felt the soft hand of Bella move over her
body like a lover would do.  She had never felt the touch of a woman before.  It
felt strange, but not uncomfortable.  She allowed her thighs to spread open,
allowing Bella complete access to her pussy.  She moaned on the cock pushing
against her throat as her finger played with her pussy, stroking up and down the
moist slit like her own fingers would do when she lay in bed late at night.
"AAAGGGHHH," she gagged, reality coming back as they cock tried to gain entry to
her throat, her spasms milking the hard cock.  She gagged, her throat opening in
response, his cock taking the opportunity to push further in.  "GGGGUUUGG," she
moaned in pain as the huge cock pushed open her throat and shoves painfully
deeper.  Her face turned red as the cock began to push harshly into her throat.
She tried to push back, but Zorg's hand on her head prevented any escape.  She
sucked in a deep breath through her nose and began to run over tongue up and
down the cock in her mouth.  She had to make him cum soon.

	"Such a good cocksucker, Raisa.  A natural.  Your mouth was made for my
cock," pumping her head up and down onto his cock.  He smiled as he saw Bella's
hand nestled between Raisa's leg.  He would remember that.  He would enjoy
fucking them as they played with each other.  A threesome for his bed at night.
How had he become so lucky to capture two such lusty wenches?

	"Feel my fingers on your pussy, Raisa.  Try to shut out the cock in your
mouth, just feel the pleasures of my fingers.  When he cums, keep it in your
mouth until he tells you to swallow it.  He will like that.  Can you cum from my
fingers, Raisa?"  She saw Raisa nodded her head, her eyes pleading for the
pleasure that only her fingers could provide.

	Zorg pulled his cock from her throat.

	"AAAAHHHH," Raisa sucking in air through her mouth as her throat was
unclogged.  She ran her tongue over the cockhead, hoping to coax the cum from
the organ.  She did not want the cock in her throat again.  Her hips moved as
the fingers played over her sex.  "GGGMMMMM," she moaned in pleasure.

	"AAAAAHHH," he cried out, Bella's hand pumping his cock into the hot
confines of Raisa's mouth as the first load of cum shot up from his balls.  A
ropey load of cum shot out, shooting into the back of her mouth, the last
remnants falling on her lips as he pumped his cock into her once virgin mouth.

	"AWWWWW," Raisa choked, the hot cum filling her mouth with the thick
mixture.  She had not expected so much at one time.  She was only expecting tiny
dribbles like she had coaxed out of the head with her tongue.

	"More, take it all, cunt," he shouted, another load of cum shooting out,
her lips wrapped tightly around his engorged cock as it jerked and sprayed
inside her mouth.  He heard the sloshing sound as her mouth quickly filled with
his cum.  "Don't swallow it until I tell you," he ordered her.  He saw her body
shudder, knowing that Bella had succeeded in making her cum.  Smiling, yes these
two would be a delight in his bed at night.  He pumped her head up and down his
cock, a third and fourth load of cum filling her mouth.

	Raisa's mouth filled rapidly with the thick cum, the cock jamming it
back it the depths of her mouth as he pumped her harshly.  Her body trembled in
orgasm as the lustful fingers of Bella achieved their results, masturbating
Raisa to an orgasm that overtook her senses.  She had never felt such sensations
as she felt the female fingers so expertly playing over her sex.  She felt the
cock in her mouth begin to soften, the hard cock now feeling rubbery, hanging
limply onto her tongue.  The cum sloshed around in her mouth.

	Zorg pulled his cock from her mouth, the cum covered organ glistening in
the torchlight.  Traces of his cum dripped from the corner of her mouth as she
closed her lips tightly to trap the liquid, waiting for the order to swallow the
heavy cum.

	Zorg pulled up her head, "open your mouth wide, wench."  He watched as
she showed him her mouth, his white, sticky cum filling the oral cavity.  "Now
swallow the seed of your Master," he ordered her, watching as she closed her
mouth and her throat moved up and down as the copious fluid began to run down to
fill her stomach.  He patted her head like he would his horse.  "You did good my
pet, you sucked your Masters cock good.  Onto the bed with the both of you.
Bella, get naked!  I want you both to keep me warm tonight."  He watched as
Bella slowly stripped naked before him and climb into bed beside Raisa.  He
stripped his clothes from his body, moving towards the bed.  His bed, filled
with the naked flesh of his new sex slaves.

To be Continued.











The Village of Agony and Ecstasy  Chapter 6

 
  Powerone
   jim
  2
  26
  2006-10-24T16:16:00Z
  2006-10-24T16:16:00Z
  1
  4565
  26022
   
  216
  61
  30526
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The Village of Agony
and Ecstasy 

Chapter 6

By Powerone and
Sinsationalsub

Copyright 2006

&nbsp;

Sleep was fitful for Bella. Over and over she relived the events of the
past few days. How horrible they
were! She had lost her freedom and
feared that she would never see her family again. They surely were worried by now but she knew
that they would be searching for her.
She would try to remain hopeful.
She would never give up her will.
It was buried inside of her and it burned brightly. She relented to serve this &quot;Master&quot;
as he called himself. She would do
whatever it took to ensure that he began to trust her. With trust, she was closer to escape. He might get what he wanted from her body but
he would never have her heart or her soul.

&nbsp;

The sun streaked through the massive window in the room. Bella glanced over at Raisa. She appeared to
be sleeping soundly. She was so fragile and innocent. Bella knew that she had to make sure that
Raisa was going to survive this. She
would take her with her when at last she could escape. She wondered about Raisa's family. Were
they looking for her as well? Bella could only hope that soon this would
come to an end for both of them.

&nbsp;

She perused the strong male figure between them in the bed. He had almost seemed tender through the
night. He had wrapped his arms around
Bella's body as if to protect her, snuggling up to her affectionately. But there was always the demanding male
presence, his cock hard even while he slept, pushed against her butt. She wondered if this man was even capable of
anything tender. That had surprised her.
She glanced over at Zorg. His body was
rippled with muscles and strong. She did
not know when she had seen a man's naked body before, blushing as she gazed
down to his hard organ, flashbacks of taking the thick member in her mouth all
too vivid. She had to admit that he was
strikingly handsome in a cruel sort of way.
She stirred to get out of the bed.
She was startled by a jolt as Zorg grabbed one of her arms. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Where are you going?&quot;
Zorg asked. He opened his eyes,
staring at the naked figure of Bella.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nowhere I guess,&quot; she shot back almost defensively.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's right. Nowhere!&quot;
Zorg snickered. His cock was
hard, these bitches drove him that way.
Soon they would take him first thing in the morning as a ritual.

&nbsp;

Raisa sat up, startled to find herself in a strange bed. She looked down, finding herself naked, a
strange man eying her body lustily. She
looked around and burst into tears.
&quot;Where am I?&quot; She
sniffled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Its okay, Raisa.&quot;
Bella answered. &quot;You are
safe.&quot; Bella hugged her, hoping
that she could calm her down. She
couldnt do much but reassure her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Safe from everything but me!&quot;
Zorg sneered at the two naked wenches in his bed.

&nbsp;

Raisa looked like a frightened animal.
She looked down and immediately tried to cover her nakedness, a futile
effort. At this point, Bella did not
care. This man had seen all of her in the lewdest of ways so what could she
do now?

&nbsp;

Zorg stretched and got out of the bed, his hand reaching down and
stroking his cock, seeing the frightened look on Raisas face. He laughed.
This will be for you my little wench.
He sauntered over to a rope hanging from the ceiling. He pulled it and the sound of a bell was
heard. Jamon and a female servant came
scurrying into the room.

&nbsp;

&quot;Draw my bath. And take my
new slaves to the training room. Bathe them, feed them and prepare them for
deflowering. Shave this one. He pointed to Raisa, seeing her gasp. You will return them here tonight to serve
me. I will check on their progress throughout
the day.&quot; Zorg ordered them with a
smirk on his face. He would see how they
like the humiliation of the servants intimate bathing and shaving of their
bodies. Bella glared at him. He met her
eyes with a cold stare, walking out, leaving them alone with the servants.

&nbsp;

Raisa and Bella said nothing. The
servants pulled each along out of the room and down the stairs. She knew Raisa feared more than the
worst. The poor girl had been shoved
into an adult world. Bella wanted so to
make things all right for her. She knew she would try as best as she
could. She knew she would have to take
the brunt of it. No matter how she felt,
she would sexually submit to this beast and pacify him as best she could. She hoped it would make it easier for
Raisa. They were dragged down the stairs
to what seemed to be the basement.

&nbsp;

The iron door creaked as Jamon opened it. It was cold and gray inside. Bella heard the scuffling of feet and
moaning. She froze. She had no idea what was ahead for her and
Raisa but it could not be good. The air
smelled musty and of sex. The female
servant pulled her down a long hall lit by torches. Jamon followed with Raisa. They turned to enter a room. It was large and cold. There was a huge fireplace in one end with a
roaring fire, but it failed to take the evil chill out of the room. It popped and cracked as it burned. There were two large tables in the room with
harnesses attached to the middle and bottom of each. Oh no, not tables again thought Bella.
She wanted to scream and fight to free herself but the female had her arm in a
firm grip and she was not going to let go.
Bella heard Raisa gasp.

&nbsp;

&quot;What is this? Bella! What are they going to do? I am afraid.&quot; roared Raisa in panic,
Jamon gripping her arm tighter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Its okay, my friend. It's
okay. They will not hurt you.&quot;
Bella tried to reassure her. Raisa still
feared the worst.

&nbsp;

Hastily the servants worked. They
moved both women around to the foot of each table and laid them back on it.
Raisa panicked as her naked back hit the cold wood. Hands were fastened into harnesses and ankles
also, the thick leather digging painfully into the tender skin of the
girls. Bella turned her head and look over
at Raisa who was visibly shaking.
&quot;Its okay. Do not be
afraid. We are his prized
possessions. Do you think he would hurt
us?&quot; Bella talked softly to Raisa,
hoping to calm her down, trying to hide her own fear as the leather dug into
her flesh.

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't know.&quot; answered Raisa. Her body was trembling, naked as Jamon stood
over her, spreading her legs until they touched the corner of the table. She turned red in shame as he gazed at her
naked sex.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, he will not. We have
no choice right now. We must submit
willingly or at least make them think we are willing.&quot; Raisa quieted. Bella knew that all she could do was try to
allay Raisa's fears even though she had no idea what was ahead for the both of
them. The female servants hands were
soft and tender, but she still found herself bound and spread on the table.

&nbsp;

Jamon and the female servant worked arduously preparing bowls of water,
cloths, soap and laying them on the carts next to the tables. Bella caught a glance of some of the gadgets
being placed with them. One was bulbous
and rather big. It was a strange device
about as big around as a broom handle.
The base sloped into a flat area.
Bella saw one on her cart and one being placed on Raisa's cart. It sat up straight on its base and it looked
sinister. Bella shuttered. She also saw three medium sized tubes with plungers
that fit inside of them being placed on her cart but not on Raisa's. They looked evil.

&nbsp;

Jamon began barking orders to the female servant. Shave the young one first. The Master loves his girls bald as a
baby. Jamon turned his attention to
Bella. He began to squeeze the warm
water from the bowl over Bella's body using one of the soft cloths. 

&nbsp;

It did feel good as it trickled over her sore, ravaged body. She closed her eyes to savor what she could
of the feeling, her existence so far harsh at the knees of her Master. Jamon worked the soap into lather all over
her body. Her breasts heaved and her sex
throbbed again as his fingers touched her intimately. It felt delicious. She was relieved. This was nice. She drifted off as he massaged her body, his
fingers plucking her nipples into hardness.
She sucked in her stomach as the soft cloth began to touch her naked
vulva, tingling with an unexpected pleasure.
He cupped her sex with the warm cloth, pushing aside her labia to bath
her inner lips with the slick lather, Bella fighting to keep her hips from
moving, the pleasure taking over her body.
Bella was aroused from the trance by Raisa's protests.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please stop. Don't do this to me!&quot; Raisa begged as the female servant lathered
her heavy bush with the soap, just as Bella's had been. But Raisa was not happy, touched so
intimately by another female.

&nbsp;

&quot;I have to do this to you or I get punished.&quot; The female servant shouted back. She pulled Raisas labia, stretching the
puffy lip and snapping the sharp razor over the abundant bush to swipe it
almost clean in the first pass. She
grabbed the other lip, finding it wet, not from the lather, but arousal. She gripped it tight, yanking it harshly, the
razor slicing it clean. Two more swipes
to get the remaining stubble and Raisa was almost bald.

&nbsp;

&quot;Raisa! Calm down. You are
going to be all right.&quot; Bella
barked to Raisa, knowing full well that may not be the case.

&nbsp;

Raisa calmed down, but her body was tense as the female servant
continued to rub her sex intimately. She
was feeling the same arousal she felt when Bella had touched her while she was
forced to take the thick member of Zorg in her mouth, fighting the urge to let
her body go and repeat the pleasant orgasm that raced through her body.

&nbsp;

Jamon was now toweling off Bella drying up the warm water that had
flowed so nicely over her body. Bella
thought she could relax now and maybe doze off, her fitful sleep last night
leaving her still tired, wanting the strength for the ordeal she knew she would
have tonight with Zorg..

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, Miss Brat&quot; giggled Jamon. You are going to be suctioned and
prodded. The more you move the worse it
is. You must lay still as I work on
you. Then your friend is to
follow.&quot;

&nbsp;

Bella didnt even know what he meant by suctioned, but she knew
prodding, suffering under Zorgs intimate examination in front of the other
men, remembering the fingers that violated her backside. Bella's body pulled and strained against the
harnesses. Her body rose off the table
in defiance. &quot;Leave me
alone!&quot; She screamed as loud as she
could. Get away from me!&quot; 

&nbsp;

Raisa watched intently, scared for Bella, but she also heard that she
would follow.

&nbsp;

The servants worked swiftly to secure Bella's thighs open. She felt her legs un-strapped from the corner
of the table, but her freedom was only temporary. They grabbed her knees, bending them up until
she groaned in pain, strapped to the harnesses around her wrists. Splayed like a frog again, Bella fought them
to no avail. She was open and vulnerable
again fearing the strange devices on the table near her. She could feel her open her sex was, even her
anus was unprotected.

&nbsp;

The female servant secured her mouth with a gag, only gurgling sounds
coming out in protest.

&nbsp;

&quot;Were not listening to your whines!&quot; She said smugly. &quot;So you better take it
like a woman.&quot; She watched as Bella
arched her body on the table demandingly, finding the thick harnesses securely
her.

&nbsp;

Raisa lay without a word, a look of stark terror on her face as her best
friend was again bound on an examination table, knowing that it was her fate
next.

&nbsp;

Jamon moved around to the side of the table. He settled his hands over Bella's left
breast. What a lovely tit. The Master will love punishing them. He began to tweak her nipple with his
fingers. He pulled it straight up, her
body having no choice but to follow.

&nbsp;

She yelped into the gag. He began rolling it and pinching it, her
sensitive nipple aching in pain. How
could he do such a cruel thing to her tender flesh?

&nbsp;

&quot;We have to get it hard to suction it so you might as well give in,
Ms. Brat!&quot; chided Jamon. He loved to tease her, her bound naked body as
his disposal. 

&nbsp;

Every pinch of her nipple sent shock waves to her sex. She could feel
her clit begin to swell. She could feel
her sex moisten. How could the pain turn
so quickly to pleasure? She hoped that
he wouldnt notice that she was getting wet.

&nbsp;

I can smell your pussy getting wet.
He squeezed her nipple hard, seeing the pained look in her eyes. Does the pain make you wet? Jamon produced one of the cylinders with a
plunger in it. He could see the fear in
Bella's eyes even though she still didnt understand what it would do to her

&nbsp;

She looked down as he took his finger and dipped it in the water and
coated her nipple. It almost felt good
as her nipple puckered to hardness, the cold water shocking her system. He placed the end of the cylinder over her
nipple, held it into place and began to draw the plunger back. Her nipple rose. It was being sucked into the
cylinder, and Bella didnt understand how it did it. It hurt!
Bella shrieked into the gag. Her
body trembled in pain as he continued pulling until the plunger was almost out
of the cylinder. Her nipple distended
into the tube. It was very red. It
throbbed, the blood pulsating in it.

&nbsp;

&quot;One attached!&quot; said Jamon with a sinful grin on his
face. Her nipple must be a couple of
inches long, trapped in the glass cylinder, a deep red. Master loved them this way.

&nbsp;

Bella wanted to slap him as she struggled in the harness. How dare he
hurt her like this! She had expected
this from the Master, but from one of his servants? She writhed on the table trying to shake the
cylinder off but it was attached firmly to her nipple. It was almost as if it were glued to her
flesh. The twisting and turning of her
body just made it jiggle and torment her nipple more. It was a constant pinching. Her nipple only
stretched forth more. She could feel the
pulsing of her sex as her nipple throbbed.


&nbsp;

Jamon hurriedly went around the table to her right breast and proceeded
to perform the same procedure on it.
Bella wiggled and bellowed through the gag as his fingers torment the
nipple into hardness. He wet the hard
nip with the water, the glass cylinder pressed around the dark areola. He saw her hold her breath as he slowly
pulled the plunger back. Can you feel
it grow? It stretched farther then the
last one, turning a deep red as the blood was sucked to the surface.

&nbsp;

 With both syringes attached she
screamed her discomfort. The syringes
would bob up and down and from side to side only to have her body yearning for
release. The feelings in her nipples
seared down to her clit. Her clit had
swollen until it was huge. She could
feel it. It was strutting forth. She
could feel its head rise between the lips of her sex almost as the Masters
weapon.

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay, two attached.&quot;
Jamon said to the female servant.
&quot;If she will lay back and quit moving so much she might like
this!&quot; He leaned over to look Bella
in the eyes. &quot;Relax...enjoy
it!&quot;

&nbsp;

Bella stared back into his eyes.
Daggers shot from hers into his.
She groaned her displeasure and yet no matter how she protested, the
pulsing was growing in her loins. She
took a deep breath, her nipples throbbing as her chest rose and fell making
them shake. 

&nbsp;

Jamon positioned himself at the end of the table between her legs,
staring up at her widely split pussy lips.
Bella looked down in horror at him.
He fastened a leather strap around her thigh and tugged at one of her
sex lips, finding her wet. If the
nipple suctioning made you wet, this will soak you, teasing her. He applied three clamps, digging painfully
into her puffy skin. It was left pulled
taut and open. He saw her eyes clenched
tightly in pain. He did the same to her
other sex lip, taking his time, enjoying touching her wet inner lips. She was now spread wide. Her sex betrayed her openly. It was sopping wet, glistening in the
light. He could almost see inside
her. &quot;Wow! She is a bad girl.&quot; said Jamon. &quot;Her pussy is wet and look at her
clit! Have you ever seen anything so big
and red?&quot; 

&nbsp;

The female servant replied.
&quot;Gosh it is huge! I always
wanted one like that but mine is small.
It looks like a miniature cock.
It still has served my Master well but I always wanted him to suction
mine. I hear once you get by the
initial pain, it is very pleasurable.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, Ms. Brat, I dont know why he wants your clit
suctioned. It is big enough certainly
but if it is suctioned it will grown even bigger and stay that way! You will
like having a large clit. It will give
the Master so much pleasure!&quot;

&nbsp;

Bella was snarling and fighting her shackles. No, he wasn't going to do this was he? Oh my god, she could not bear the
thought. She watched in horror as Jamon
slid his finger into her orifice and smeared some of her juices over the head
of her clit. 

&nbsp;

Jamon placed the cylinder around her clit and pulled the plunger
back. Her clit popped into the end of
the cylinder crimson and bulbous.
Bella's body lurched forward with the pulling of the plunger. 

&nbsp;

Oh my god she thought. I cannot stand this. Surely I am going to die. She felt the pressure as he clit pulled from
her body. The throbbing in her groin
increased. Now when she wiggled all
three cylinders bounced and bobbled sending shocks through her body. Bella had never felt anything like this
before. Her body was on fire. She did not know how long she could stand
this before her body convulsed into orgasm.
She was ashamed at how her body betrayed her. The carnal sensations were overwhelming
her. She fought with all her might to
stay in control. It continued to pull,
the blood rushing to the tip, as it swelled in pleasure. She wished she could touch it. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now three attached!&quot;
Jamon giggled. &quot;Now only one
more thing to do.&quot; He enjoyed the
last one best. He reached down as his
finger slithered between her sweat drenched cheeks, feeling her body jerk as
his finger touched her little brown puckered asshole. 

&nbsp;

Bella pulled at her restraints.
Her muffled groans and moans were filling the room. She was being touched in the forbidden place
again, sending spicy tremors through her pulsating hole. 

&nbsp;

Jamon loved the way her tiny hole seem to pulsate, Bella unable to
control the muscles as his fingers stimulated her sensitive anus. He worked some of her moisture around the
anal ring, teasing it, watching as it seemed to dance under his ministrations. He felt her body tense as he applied
pressure, the tip of his finger seeking entrance to her backside. Bella could only protest and writhe in the
tight bondage. Jamon reached for the
other sinister object on the cart.

&nbsp;

&quot;Youre going to feel my finger in your asshole. Im going to prepare it to work this
butt-plug into your asshole. You need to
relax and allow it to enter. Relax your muscles and let it slid in. He saw her struggle as he took his slick
finger and pressed, seeing her anal ring glide open and swallow the tip of his
finger, a muffled gasp from her lips as she found herself impaled on his
finger. He pushed deeper, finding the
muscles of her rectum gripping the tip of his finger. So hot and tight. He skewered her asshole on his finger,
twisting and turning inside her hot passage, feeling her muscles grip his
finger uncontrollably. He pulled his
finger out, then plunged it back in again, opening up her with his invading
finger. He pulled out, readying the butt
plug.

&nbsp;

Now she understood what its purpose was.
Bella was mortified. The horror
of it all. There was nothing she could
do, her bound body was at his disposal.
Her nipples and clit still throbbed as the blood pulsated through the
engorged flesh. It was huge, knowing
that it would tear her if he pushed it in, determined to fight the rude
intrusion with her muscles.

&nbsp;

Once I get it lubricated the butt plug will it will fit snugly into
place if you allow it. If you fight it,
it will hurt. The Master wants your ass ready to serve him. We must train it to open for him.&quot; He had seen many of the girls fight the butt
plug at first, clenching their muscles as if they could keep him from pressing
it deep inside them. They fought until
he beat their muscles down into submission, always enjoying their gasps of
humiliation as he forced the thick instruments into their virgin assholes.

&nbsp;

At the first feel of the object, her tiny asshole began to spasm. She clenched her muscles in her ass
tight. Oh, it was too big as she felt
the pressure of it on her tiny anus.
Even with the lubricant from his finger, her hole felt dry. He was relentless, feeling her tiny hole
battered by the thick object, his hand pushing hard. She struggled as long as she could, but he
was far stronger than she was, feeling her asshole spread at the
onslaught. It began to burn as it sought
entrance to her virgin backside. It
opened lewdly to accept the bulk of the object.
Her hole stretched painfully. She
whined helplessly. She tried to clench
it shut to keep the object from entering but it was no use. Her asshole finally relented, popping open to
accept it. It burned like fire. It filled her as Jamons hand continued to
push the thick object in her. It was so
big that she felt as if she would faint.
She screamed into the gag as it slipped into her and she felt her little
pucker relax again, slipping over the shaft, keeping it snuggly inside, her
doing its dirty deed. It stayed there as
Jamon released it.

&nbsp;

Jamon loved the way her anal ring slipped over the butt plug, pushing
deep inside her until her asshole swallowed it up. He knew it hurt her, spreading her
insides. Getting her ready for even
bigger things, the Masters cock would stretch her even more. &quot;Now that asshole of yours will be
trained to open when the Master needs it.
It will stay in there for the duration of the day as you will stay here
on this table and be suctioned for his needs.
What a beautiful sight you are, you slut!&quot;

&nbsp;

Bella was an animal. The need rose in her groin, her asshole filled and
helpless. She was exhausted from
straining and fighting this travesty.
She was burning up. She felt
consumed by the sensations her body was feeling. She was on the edge. She would die if she had an orgasm for
them! No, she would not. She fought to control the urges in her body. She lay there in heat. It consumed her. She was at their mercy. She could do nothing. 

&nbsp;

Hours passed. She had forgotten
that Raisa was even there beside her. She had become oblivious to anything
going on around her. All she could think about was what her body was feeling. It was overtaking her. Surely she was a slut. The feelings had ignited her soul. It was flaming from the sinful feelings it
experienced. She felt dizzy, her eyes
closed, exhausted from the ordeal she had suffered, and blackness felt more
secure.

&nbsp;

Jamon had enjoyed his work. She
opened her eyes to see him standing over her again. &quot;The Master was here while you were
passed out. He examined you closely and
applauded my good job. He said that your
nipples and clit were incredible and that your asshole was ripe for the
fucking! He wants me to teach you how to
beg so I shall.&quot;

&nbsp;

He produced a small cylinder shaped steel object. He turned one end and it began to whir. A wicked smile turned the corners of his
mouth. He would love to teach this bitch
to beg for the pleasure that he could give her.
And then there was her friend.

&nbsp;

Bella stared. She thought. Oh no...What was this? What more can you do to me? Her body was
already aroused to a fever pitch. What
else would he do to her? Would he make
her orgasm, humiliating her?

&nbsp;

&quot;This little object is going to make you beg and coo. I know just how to use it to make you
yelp. This is going to be fun. You are going to beg me for more!&quot; He motioned for the female servant to come
over and watch. &quot;Now Miss Slut,
let's see how long you can endure this, he laughed. He moved the instrument and touched the tip
of one of the cylinders attached to Bella's breasts. It whirred away making the cylinder
shiver. Bella lurched on the table. Her nipple rose and strutted under the
vibrations. &quot;Take her gag off. We need to hear her beg!&quot; said Jamon

&nbsp;

The female servant ripped the gag off. Bella shouted. &quot;No! No! Stop!! Don't do
this!&quot; Her body twisted and turned
as Jamon put the gadget on one cylinder and held it there then moved to the
other nipple. The torture was
unbelievable, the cylinder on her nipples vibrated from the evil object. Her sex started to throb and Bella started to
babble are her nipples swelled to unbelievable proportions, the blood pounding
in the tips almost like a heartbeat.

&nbsp;

Jamon looked down at her. Now
well make you beg for it. He laughed
as he moved the steel object down and placed it on the end of the cylinder
attached to Bella's clit. Bella scream
tore through the room. He held it there
a moment and took it away. He touched it
again and moved it away. He did this over and over again. Bella was boiling! He rotated it from each nipple to her clit
diligently. He moved it methodically and
purposefully.

&nbsp;

Bella lost control when the strange object was placed on the cylinder
that elongated her clit. The vibrations
raced through her body, tingling racing from her groin to her brain. She had never felt anything so
pleasurable. Her threshold had been
reached. She could stand any more. She began to coo, just as he had threatened
she would. &quot;Yes! Yes!
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease! Don't
stop! Pleeeeeeeease! Her body began to spasm and twitch. She yelped her approval. She wanted it. She needed it. She LIKED it.
There she lay naked on the table.
She was open, exposed, wet, throbbing, twisting and turning and yelping
on the table. Her nipples stood erect,
burgundy, and pulsing. He touched the
cylinder on her clit again and removed it.
&quot;Noooooooooooo!&quot; She
bellowed, &quot;Don't take it away.
Please do it. Yes that's
it...hold it therrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeee!&quot;

&nbsp;

Jamon twirled the steel object on the cylinder attached to her clit,
seeing her juices running freely down her spread thighs. Yes, beg for me to let you cum. He pulled the object away from her clit,
seeing her eyes pleading for him to return.

&nbsp;

She struggled to defy him, but she was beyond help, her body brought to
the brink, and he controlled her orgasm.
She couldnt stand it any longer.
PLLLEEESSE. Let me cum, she
begged.

&nbsp;

Raisa was surprised by the anguish that Bella was going through. At first Bella protested what Jamon had done
to her body, but now she was like a slut in heat, begging him to release
her. She hated to see her that way,
knowing that soon it would be her turn, Raisa was not as strong willed as
Bella. She didnt want to be turned into
a whimpering slut begging for release.
She prayed that she would not suffer a similar fate.

&nbsp;

He handed the evil device to the female servant. Bring her off, but let me get ready
first. He was going to use her, her
body unable to resist his unwanted advances.
He moved to her head, undoing his robe and taking out his hard
cock. He gave it a few quick strokes,
her eyes watching it grow in front of her face.
He pushed his fingers into the corners of her mouth, opening it wide,
his cock bobbing on her lips. Suck it
like a good little slut and I will let you cum. He pushed his cock into the hot confines of
her mouth, feeling her lips close tightly around it when the female servant
whirled the metal object against her clit.
She hummed on his cock, her screams of pleasure choked by his thick cock
in her mouth.

&nbsp;

She didnt have any choice, her lips breached by his thick cock. Then she felt it again, the object vibrating
her clit, touching every nerve in her body.
She felt her mouth stuffed by his hot flesh, but the pleasure was too
much to bear, her tongue racing to lap at the thick cock. She pushed her torso to meet every touch of
the gadget on her nipples and clit. She
pumped her bottom in the air feeling the butt plug in her ass. It felt delicious! She was made for this! She could feel her little wet orifice spasm
and her anus pucker. She didnt care any
longer, sucking his cock just as she did the Masters, hoping that by pleasing
him she would be able to cum. She wanted
to show them all. She ground her body
into the air, clenching her muscles on the butt plug in her. She begged and
pleaded with her mouth, feeling him sliding his hips back and forth, the large
head banging into the back of her mouth, making her gag. She only wanted to cum. 

&nbsp;

Jamon couldnt last much longer, her mouth felt like a hot fire that
consumed his pulsating cock. He was
ready to blow his seed into her mouth, his balls tingling in pleasure. 

&nbsp;

It was all she cared about. It
hit like a thousand bolts of lightning.
Her body froze in mid air as she convulsed. She cooed and babbled, her words unintelligible,
his thick cock filling her mouth. It
didnt matter what she said. All she
could feel was the pulsing of her sex and the sucking of the butt plug deep
inside her. It burned, but also felt
good as her muscles began to spasm uncontrollable on the thick object that
split her asshole apart. She spiraled
out of control as her sex pursed and sucked.
As her asshole sucked the intruder, and as she squealed her delight. The cock in her mouth began to spurt his
seed, filling her cheeks as she sought to swallow the thick, pasty fluid that
continued to fill her mouth. Her throat
bobbed up and down as she fought to take the thick crme into her stomach, her
body shaking as the orgasms ripped through her body, the female servant moving
the strange object between her clit and nipples so fast it felt like it never
left, the vibrating merging one orgasm into the next until she fainted from the
exquisite pleasure. The room spun
around, her head dizzy with pleasure, darkness finally consuming her body. Yes! She was a slut and she loved it, her
body falling limp. 

&nbsp;

Is she dead? Raisa was scared,
Bella was going through strange gyrations as they used her bound body, finally
seeing her body going limp as they ravished her.

&nbsp;

Jamon let his limp cock sit inside her mouth, finally pulling it out,
leaving a trail of cum on her lips.
No. Just exhausted with pleasure
little one. His cock was already
beginning to harden again. Now it is
your turn. He picked up another butt
plug, this one not as big as the one inside Bella. And you will service her this time little
one, pointing to the female servant.
When you beg for pleasure, you will use your tongue to make her cum. Only than will you be allowed the release you
will cry for.

&nbsp;

To be continued 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














The Village of Agony and Ecstasy  Chapter 7

 
  USER
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-03-28T00:41:00Z
  2007-03-28T00:41:00Z
  8
  3517
  20052
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  167
  47
  23522
  12.00
 




 
  false
  







The Village of Agony and Ecstasy  Chapter 7

 
  USER
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-03-28T00:41:00Z
  2007-03-28T00:41:00Z
  8
  3517
  20052
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  167
  47
  23522
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






The
Village of Agony and Ecstasy 

Chapter
7

Copyright
2006

By
Powerone and Sensationalsub

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Raisa was scared.
Her protector Bella was passed out on the table next to her. Bella had protested their rude handling of
her body initially, but her screams of protest had turned to pleasure, begging
for sexual relief from the two servants.
Raisa was still confused as to how Bella was transformed into such a
mindless slut so quickly. Bella went so
far that she even took Jamons huge organ into her mouth. Raisa watched mortified, as Bella
energetically sucked his weapon as he mercilessly thrust it in and out of her
tightly clenched lips. 

&nbsp;

The servant girl continued to take the strange whirling
device to the torturous cylinders that stretched Bellas sex organs so horribly
out of their natural shape, forcing Bellas body to bounce up and down on the
hard table in ecstasy. And the butt plug;
the huge fake phallus that was so unceremoniously shoved into Bellas
defenseless backside, was tapped by the servant girl every so often, Bella
jerking in pleasure each time the thick object vibrated in her anal tract. She had cum loudly, her orgasm ripping
through her body as Jamon filled her mouth with his seed; Bella swallowing his
sperm with vigor before succumbing to the powerful orgasms that ripped through
her body, passing out. 

&nbsp;

Now the servants intended to do the same to Raisa. Her body had broken out in a sheen of sweat
as she contemplated each of the evil devices that they brought over to her
table. What did Jamon mean when he
said that Raisa would service the servant girl? What strange perversion did they have in mind
for her? 

&nbsp;

The servant girls hands were surprisingly soft as they
touched Raisas nipples, leaving her trembling in pleasure as she felt the buds
harden from the unfamiliar touch of a girls fingers on her. She couldnt do anything as the hard buttons
were plucked, knowing that they were being teased so that the evil cylinders
could trap them inside. She bit her lip
when Jamon brushed the servant girl aside and attached the first cylinder to
her nipple. She gasped loudly as it was
yanked harshly into the cylinder by the syringe, feeling it stretch until it
became painful. The blood rushed to the
nipple, and she felt a terrible pounding in her chest as she arched her back in
pain. 

&nbsp;

No more! She
cried in protest, but Jamon ignored her pleas for mercy, his fingers quickly
taking hold of her other nipple snapping the cold cylinder over the hardened bud. The syringe immediately began to do its evil
work evacuating the air from the chamber, her nipple yanked harshly out of
shape as it pulled the swollen tip to the other end. EEEEEHHH, she cried - her chest pounding as
her nipples throbbed. AAAWWW, the only
other animal sound she could manage as Jamon released both cylinders leaving
them bouncing up and down on her stomach as her nipples were wrenched harshly
out of shape.

&nbsp;

Let me, the servant girl said to Jamon, moving between
Raisas thighs, her hand holding the other cylinder that was destined for
Raisas clit. Relax little one, she
urged Raisa, her soft hands already peeling back Raisas puffy labia to expose
the soft, wet inner lips of her pussy.
She is very amorous, just as Bella is.
The Master will like that. It
will make it easier for her to take his huge organ in her small body.

&nbsp;

As she proceeded to do her duties with clinical skill the
servant girl wondered if Jamon and the Master actually knew what dark pleasure
she gained from helping to torture and prepare girls like these. The fact that it was what they commanded her
to do only enhanced her joy at watching them suffer at her hands.

&nbsp;

Raisa was ashamed, her body turning red as the servant
girl talked of her, all the while her fingers strumming Raisas sex like she
was an instrument to be played. The
servant girl played her well, her soft hands igniting a wetness between Raisas
widely spread thighs that she had never felt before. Raisa was mortified to realize that her body
was reacting this way while being touched by another girl. The thought that a female could cause such
pleasure for another female had never crossed Raisas mind before. 

&nbsp;

Raisa felt powerless to control her own hips, finding her
body rocking up and down as the fingers slid up and down her slit, sliding
effortlessly along her wet gash. No,
please dont do this to me, Raisa begged, her moans of pleasure contradicting
her pleas of protest.

&nbsp;

The servant girl peeled back the slippery hood, finding a
hard clit hidden from view, red and swollen in lust beneath it. She pushed the cylinder over the swollen button,
drawing it back slowly, smiling inwardly to herself at the way Raisas clit was
slowly tugged up the clear channel. The
swollen organ was completely misshapen by the vacuum as Raisas hips rose from
the table. The slut loves it, the
servant girl sang out, wishing it was her that was having her clit suctioned. The corners of her mouth curled upward as she
remembered that her relief was coming soon because Raisa would soon be licking
her pussy.

&nbsp;

Raisa had never encountered such pleasure and pain
simultaneously. Her clit sent shockwaves
to her brain as it was dragged up the clear cylinder slowly. Her body shook of its own volition causing
the cylinders on her breasts to dance on her stomach further igniting the burning
pleasure in her distended nipples. Her
clit began to ache, the hardened bud extended longer than Raisa thought
possible. The servant girl looked on
obviously captivated by the sight before her, making no attempt to stop or even
ease Raisas suffering. 

&nbsp;

I didnt think it was possible to make it that long,
the servant girl exclaimed as Raisas clit was stretched out over two inches
long, the red pleasure button now a deep purple, thin and drawn out, stretched
far from her body. She finally stopped
its progress, leaving Raisa gasping in relief.

&nbsp;

Raisa could barely breathe. Each time she filled her lungs, the cylinders
attached to her nipples would bounce, firing off a new burst of pain in her
tips. Her clit felt like it was trapped
in a vise, the blood pounding in the stretched organ painfully with each breath. Just when she thought her torment couldnt
get any worse, Jamon passed the butt plug to the servant girl. The fake organ glistened with the oils that
greased it for entry.

&nbsp;

Should I prepare her asshole first? The servant girl had never fingered another
girls asshole before and she was excited at the prospect of toying with it for
a while.

&nbsp;

No, the plug is already slick with oil. Let her feel the power of the butt plug without
additional preparation. 

&nbsp;

Raisa could see that the butt plug was smaller than the
one that remained firmly embedded inside her still unconscious companion, Bella. She could tell, however, that it was large enough that she would feel
the pain as her asshole was speared in preparation for taking the Masters
organ in the unnatural act of sodomy.

&nbsp;

Raisa shivered in fear when she felt the cold, oiled butt
plug pushed against her defenseless anus.
They might have considered it small, but to Raisa it was huge. Shaped like a phallus, it grew in size along
the length. Tiny ridges along the shaft
were meant to tease her inner tract into spasms as it pressed inside her. Over four inches in length, the bottom flared
to the thickest before it snapped back in size, the last inch only one inch in
thickness, just the right girth to trap the rest of it inside her. Her anus would be forced closed onto the thin
ring, unable to push out the thick shaft that would lay embedded in her anal
tract. 

&nbsp;

The servant girl followed Jamons orders pushing forward with
glee. She watched riveted as Raisas
tiny anus spread wide around the invader.
She pushed with all her strength, the slick plug unforgiving as it
pressed inside Raisas asshole. Take it
all little one, she urged Raisa, her groans and protests only encouraging the
servant girl to push it in deeper.

&nbsp;

Her anal ring began to burn as her tiny hole was forced
to spread even wider. Raisa was unable
to comprehend why the servant girl appeared to get such joy from forcing the
evil plug into her most secret and forbidden place. She had never thought of her backside as a
sexual orifice, but she had heard them talk of taking the Masters organ in her
anus. The thought of such a large
instrument in her backside scared Raisa to death. 

&nbsp;

She was sure the Master would tear her backside and cause
her to soil herself in front of Him further humiliating her during the perverse
act when the time finally came. Why
would any man want to put his organ in such a dirty place? The thoughts fell from her head as the pain
increased and she heard the servant girl tell her to relax her asshole and let
the brutal plug inside her. No matter
how hard she tried to accommodate the unyielding thing, her anus refused to
cooperate, the tiny hole going into a series of spasms that rippled along the portion
of the hard plug already sheathed inside her.

&nbsp;

She is almost ready to swallow it with her asshole. Give it one hard push, Jamon encouraged the
servant girl. It almost looked like
Raisas ass ring would tear, but the Master wouldnt have it any other way, all
of the girls would have to accommodate his organ in their backsides. 

&nbsp;

EEEEEHHH, Raisas scream rang off the stone walls, her
body bucking up and down noisily on the table as her anal ring burned and the
hard butt plug pressed relentlessly deeper and deeper into her rectum. She couldnt believe the pain as it forced
its way inside her. Her muscles clenched
uncontrollably on the thick shaft, igniting a deep pain that bore into her
belly. The servant girl was uncompromising,
never giving Raisa a chance to grow accustomed to having the thing inside her
backside by moving slowly, her hand continuing to force the thick plug in her
anal tract with unrelenting pressure. 

&nbsp;

Raisas stomach turned in pain, the uncomfortable feeling
of being full, just as she would feel after a large meal, filling her
bowels. Her insides fluttered along the
shaft, the tiny ridges dancing along her clenching insides as it bore deep into
her guts. Her anal ring continued to
stretch wider, burning as it clung to the slick shaft as it moved relentlessly
inside her. She could only gulp in pain
as the butt plug filled her with its thickness, driving deeper into her bowels.

&nbsp;

It was almost all the way inside her now, the servant
girl excited as Raisas asshole swallowed the thick butt plug. She gave one last powerful shove, driving the
butt plug inside her. Raisas anal ring
closed on the thin end, trapping the thick phallus inside her.

&nbsp;

OOOHHH, GGGGODDDD, take it out! Her insides felt torn and she felt sure that
she was bleeding as her anus snapped shut on the butt plug. No amount of pushing by Raisa in an attempt
to expel the horrible invader could force the thick shaft from inside her. She couldnt control her own muscles, her
stomach turning over and over as her insides clenched on the hard shaft now
buried in her backside.

&nbsp;

Jamon looked at Raisa with a sort of clinical detachment,
pleased at how her body had accepted the cylinders and butt plug that now
tortured her sex organs. He picked up
the whirling device, letting it sing in front of her frightened face. Soon you will beg for release. You will beg us to let you cum. He whirled it again, seeing her eyes open
wide in terror. First you will have to
lick her pussy, said Jamon. The servant
girl had been taking off the last of her clothes next to the table, and was now
standing naked near Raisas head.

&nbsp;

Raisa felt the table behind her head fall away and found her
head thrust back, the servant girl already straddling her face. She could smell the powerful, now familiar scent
of arousal on the servant girl, her wet pussy only inches from her mouth. No, she thought, they couldnt
expect her to do such a thing. It
would be worse than sucking Jamons organ.


&nbsp;

EEEEEEHHH, she suddenly cried out temporarily
distracted from the dripping slit looming before her. She had never felt such a thing before. Her nipple danced as the strange device sent
vibrations through the cylinder, racing through her chest to her brain. Her nipples swelled in pleasure, her other
nipple receiving the same pleasure. She
didnt know where or when Jamon would send the pleasure through the cylinders,
her sight blocked by the naked sex of the servant girl that poised over her
tightly clenched lips. Each time Jamon
would use it the pleasure in her untrained body would make her sex even wetter
with desire.

&nbsp;

Her nipples swelled to twice their size, the whirling
device extracting the pleasure from her body in a manner that she could not
fathom. He raced the device from her
nipple, down to the cylinder that yanked her clit out of shape, almost dragging
the stretched bud between her legs. The
minute he touched the cylinder, his hand made it whirl. Raisas body bounced up and down on the table completely
out of control, consumed with lust and desperate for the release that only
orgasm could bring her.

&nbsp;

NNNOOO!
YEEESSSS! The pleasure raced
through her body, Jamon taking the whirling device back and forth between her
nipples to her clit. The shock of the
first release was visible as the delicious vibrations to her stretched clit sent
Raisas body into spasms of pleasure. She
wanted more, her sex gushing with her juices as her clit was sent into tremors
of pleasure by the strange device. Even
the hand that slapped against the butt plug still painfully ensconced in her
rectum, failed to extinguish the pleasure between her legs. Instead the pain of the butt plug dancing in
her backside was sending a strange masochistic pleasure though her body. She wanted to cum, needed to cum, and only
Jamon and the servant girl could accommodate her. 

&nbsp;

Please! She cried
out begging them for release.

&nbsp;

The little slut wants to cum! Jamon whirled the device on her clit, sending
her body into a series of convulsions, his fingers slapping hard on the end of
the butt plug that stuck out of her asshole, driving it deeper into her bowels. 

Her stomach cramped as Jamon drove the plug further into
her guts, but his other hand pleasured her clit, the vibrations racing through
her swollen and stretched button, making her body shudder in pleasure. Her attention was now inexorably drawn back
to the task before her. She had no
choice, feeling the servant girl slide down, her wet pussy coating her clenched
lips with her juices.

&nbsp;

Lick her or Ill stop.
Jamon slapped hard on the end of the butt plug, seeing her anal ring
push in as he drove the butt plug painfully into her bowels again. And Ill shove the butt plug so deep inside
you that youll think it is coming out your mouth. He slapped it again, hearing her grunt in
pain as it plowed painfully deep into her guts.

&nbsp;

She had no choice, her stomach turning over and over in
pain, clenching her muscles in her backside tightly as she fought the urge to
have a bowel movement, the butt plug moving inside her like a tiny animal that
chewed on her guts. Her tongue moved out
of her mouth tentatively, finding the salty, tart taste of the servant girls
pussy coating her lips. She felt the
girl push her hips forward wantonly, obviously eager to feel more of the
pleasure that Raisas inexperienced tongue could and would provide.

&nbsp;

Up and down, bitch!
Run your tongue up and down my slit!
The servant girl was anxious now, the first touch of Raisas tongue
igniting a lust in her loins that only an energetic licking from a willing or
unwilling tongue could quench. Raisa
answered her request, her tongue moving up and down her slit getting used to
the taste and texture of her nectar as the servant girl heard the sound of the
whirling device commence again. Raisas body began jerking up and down in
pleasure on the table again.

&nbsp;

The only sounds in the room were the whirling sound of
the device that Jamon played over all of the cylinders on Raisas bound body
and the sound of Raisas now avid licking.
The servant girl rubbed her gash all over Raisas face, coating it with
her abundant juices as the formerly tentative tongue found her pleasure button,
lapping at it like a kitten with a saucer of milk. Raisa knew that her release would only come
when the servant girl was satisfied and this knowledge made her more determined
to lick the girl to orgasm as quickly as she could.

&nbsp;

Screams of pleasure bounced off the walls, as both girls
simultaneously came, their bodies no longer able to stop the orgasms that
ripped through their bodies. Their
pussies gushed with juices, the spasms racing through their bodies sending
tremors of pleasure to their brains.

&nbsp;

Very good! Zorg
clapped his hands, laughing as Raisa came under the hands of Jamon, enjoying
the way she licked the servant girls pussy so energetically. He was impressed with how the inexperienced
captive girl had used her tongue so determinedly until she induced the orgasm
in the servant girls body, flooding Raisas face with her juices. He would love making Raisa and Bella have
girl sex while he watched, finally taking them with his hard cock when they
were ready to cum from each others hands and mouth.

&nbsp;

Raisa caught sight of Zorg staring down at her, his face almost
glowing with a big smile as he caught her in the perverse act of licking the
servant girl, all the while her own body was trembling in the throes of
ecstasy. The humiliation and pleasure
that raced through her body simultaneously were too much for her. It was easier to pass out in pleasure and shame,
the darkness taking the humiliation from her at least temporarily as she
blacked out completely.

&nbsp;

Bella roused out of a dead sleep. The room was dimly lit and she raised her
head to look around. She was overtaken
with a deadly sense of dread. She could
feel herself spread out on the table.
The butt plug was still inside, her little puckered anus was still continuously
trying to shove it out. It stayed snugly
inside her, trapped. Her sex ached. 

&nbsp;

She looked over to see Raisa on the table beside
her. She was asleep, her legs spread
wide. Oh no! Bella thought. Not Raisa.
Not that gentle little creature full of innocence! They
didnt. They wouldnt. She
whispered Raisa's name as loudly as she could without drawing too much
attention. Servants walked in and out
of the room. Bella hoped they wouldnt
notice that she was now awake. 

&nbsp;

Raisa's eyes opened.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
She looked at Bella and began to cry.
&quot;I saw what they did to you.
I watched all of it. You were
acting in such a strange way. I didnt
understand. Did it feel that good? First you cursed him and then you began
begging him for more of what he was doing to you. Raisa hoped to hide her humiliation from
Bella by focusing on what she had done prior to passing out herself. She was hoping that the others wouldnt tell
her of her own surrender. 

&nbsp;

You passed out and then they moved to me. My bottom was displayed and one of those
gadgets he put into you, he put into me. All I
could do, Bella, was scream. It hurt so
badly. I felt that I was going to burst.
Why should we endure such disgrace?
Why?&quot; Raisa sounded
desperate and violated but she now also knew the pleasure that the strange
devices could bring her, even the plug that stretched her backside even now.

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen to me.
We must endure! I am going to see
to it that we get away from here. I must
act to gain trust. I will have more
freedom then and will be able to find a way out of this terrible place.&quot; Bella
encouraged.

&nbsp;

Bella was ashamed of her behavior. She had given in and was humiliated to think
of how she had acted while Jamon was tormenting her. She knew better. Something had just came over her and she
could not control herself. She would be
embarrassed forever. She would never be
the same. Bella felt so weak and stupid, and Raisa had
witnessed the whole sordid thing. When
was this going to stop? When would this
awful situation come to an end? She just had to find a way to redeem
herself. How in the world was she going
to convince this &quot;beast&quot; of a man that he could trust her? The task at hand was tremendous, but her
actions today had made it mandatory that she stop this insane madness soon. 

&nbsp;

The door opened and Jamon strutted in. &quot;So how are my two little whores this
afternoon? Oh what good girls you were. Ms. Slut over here, Jamon pointing at Bella,
was such a naughty little wench. Did you know you begged me not to stop teasing
your breasts and your nasty little pussy? You begged for it with such style. And you, pointing to Raisa, just hollered
and protested that butt plug but I got it in you tightly. How does it feel now?&quot; Jamon reached over to twist it, hearing Raisa
squeal.

&nbsp;

Bella glared at him.
You imbecile, she thought. You
won't do that to me again. I will see to that! 

&nbsp;

Raisa wouldnt say a word for fear he might do more than
just twist the butt plug.

&nbsp;

&quot;The Master has ordered both of you to bathe and
prepare yourselves for the evening's festivities. He has plans for each of you. You will bathe here, perfume yourselves with
the best fragrances we have and be carried to his room for his pleasure.&quot; Jamon sauntered around the tables, pulling the
butt plugs out unceremoniously as the two women cringed in pain, their anal
rings forced to stretch to accommodate the thick shafts. 

&nbsp;

He finally took Bella's syringes off. He
examined her nipples and clit well before letting her up to see if they had
swollen to a decent size. They had, he
surmised. Your clit is as ripe as your
nipples. With more suctioning your clit could
grow to the size of a marble and your nipples would jut out at least 1/2 an inch
when erect. 

&nbsp;

Bella shuddered at the thought. She was horrified. The
words &quot;more suctioning&quot; caught in her mind. She certainly hoped he was wrong. She didnt want that to happen again and
couldnt imagine her body being disfigured in the way he was describing. She also knew that if he used the suctioning
tools again that her body would betray her again, responding with reckless
abandon and forcing her to be on display, out of control, and behaving as only
a slut would.

&nbsp;

The women were taken to the bath. The warm swirling water refreshed both of
them. It warmed their orifices and nipples and soothed the previously swollen
flesh. The pain of what they had
experienced seemed to subside some both physically and emotionally. The fragrances were delicious. They smelled of fresh flowers and rainy
meadows. They could catch their breath
at last. Their minds were temporarily
allowed to forget their embarrassing forced orgasms at the hands of Jamon and
the wicked servant girl as if they were just a dream.

&nbsp;

Soon, Bella promised Raisa. Ill gain his trust soon so we can escape
his filthy hands. Tonight will be hard
Raisa. Just try to accommodate them as
best as you can. Let your mind go to a
better place, putting out the things they might do to you. Think of something pleasurable.

&nbsp;

That was exactly what Raisa feared. She was afraid of thinking of the pleasure
that Jamon and the servant girl had forced her body to endure. Would tonight bring more pleasure like
that? Would Zorg force her into some perverted
act in front of Bella? Would Bella
finally see Raisa as the slut that she had become?

&nbsp;

To Be
Continued

&nbsp;
















The Village of Agony and Ecstasy   Chapter 8 by sinsationalsub




 
  USER
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-05-18T15:15:00Z
  2007-05-18T15:15:00Z
  13
  4826
  27513
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  229
  64
  32275
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






The
Village of Agony and Ecstasy 

Chapter
8 

By
Sinsationalsub and Powerone

Copyright
2007

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

At last the two women could catch
their breath as the waters swirled around their sore, aching bodies. Both were spent, sexually exhausted from what
had transpired. Bella was absolutely
revolted by what had happened. She had
never in her life been treated in such a way. She looked over at Raisa, feeling so sorry for
her. Poor innocent Raisa had all this
humiliation thrust upon her at such an early age. Would she ever be able to live a normal life
now? Bella feared she would not. 

&nbsp;

Bella was especially aware of her own bodys
sexuality. It betrayed her every time. She hated it, wanting to scream and fight. Physically she could fight him, but mentally
it was another matter, her body succumbing to his masterful touch. She could not for the life of her deny the
passion she had inside her. She was a
woman in every sense of the word and she feared that Raisa had the same passion
in her. It seemed as though Bella only
had to be touched and she would explode.
She knew she had to get a grip on her emotions if they were to overcome
this Lord and his madness. Doing that
was going to be hard for her and she knew it. But she knew it was the only way Bella could help
Raisa, the innocent girl so helpless.
She did not understand it, let alone know how to fight it. It was all up to Bella. She reclaimed her determination at that
moment. He might break her body but he
would not break her spirit!

&nbsp;

The servants scurried around hustling
the two women out of the bath. Out of
the tubs. The Master awaits your
pleasure tonight. Both were dried and
taken to a room with a table that was covered with strange devices, all black
iron and looking sinister. Bella and
Raisa stood naked in the room, trying to hide their shame as the servants
gathered around them. Most of them were
males.

&nbsp;

Oh no, cried Raisa, one hand over
her breasts, the other between her legs, trying to hide her naked body. Now what are they going to do to us?

&nbsp;

Shhh, said Bella. It is going to be alright, I promise you. Let your mind take you somewhere else, Raisa. They cannot do any more to us than they have
already done. But deep in Bellas heart
she didnt believe that. The Master was
evil and was now going to ravish them both, and Bella couldnt stop him from
his cruel perversions.

&nbsp;

The male servants moved close to them,
one in front, the other in back of each of them. Raisa could only gasp as her hands were
pushed aside, strong male hands rubbing fragrant oils massaged into every
crease and crevice of her body. Her
breasts were first, the servants hands molding her firm flesh, rubbing the oil
over the tip, Raisa felt ashamed as her nipples sprang to life as if they had a
mind of their own. He only stopped when
her nipples felt like hard pebbles, Raisa humiliated as she looked how swollen
and red they had become.

&nbsp;

NO!
DONT! Raisa cried out in shame
as the two of them spread her legs, their hands running up and down her smooth
silky thighs, spreading the oil over her flesh until it glistened. Hands held her legs apart as Raisa shivered
when the fingers moved closer to her sex, already ashamed as she felt her own
desires wet her pussy.

&nbsp;

Raisa rose up on her toes as two
fingers suddenly speared her sex, the oiled fingers finding her sacred orifice
wet and open. She hated the way her body
betrayed her, looking over at Bella and seeing her suffering a similar
fate. But the look on Bellas face was
not of disgust, but of ecstasy, her head thrown back, her mouth open as she
panted in pleasure. Even her hips were
moving to the fingers that plunged between her legs.

&nbsp;

Look at the clit on this little
wench. The servant began to fondle
Raisas clit, spreading her sex lips wide until Raisas little clit popped into
view. Hummmm, nice clit. Lets see if
it responds the way the older wenchs does. With that he began to rub the head of Raisas
clit in tiny wet circles. Raisa,
panting, looked over at Bella with stark terror on her face.

&nbsp;

Hold on, Raisa. Just keep your eyes focused on me. Think
about pleasure. Bella shook as fingers
plunged inside, smearing the oils deep into her pussy.

&nbsp;

It is okay. Bella wanted to do
everything she could to help Raisa cope with this. Bella
could only shriek! It was horrible and
delicious all at the same time. She felt
the heat deep within her, that awful craving she had each time anyone touched
her there.

&nbsp;

Oh myyyyyyyyy. He said. Look at this ones clit! It is enormous! And she is wiggling every time I rub it! The male servant teased and toyed with the
little crimson bud until it stood straight up, engorged with blood.

&nbsp;

Leave me alone! Bella chimed. Get your hands off of me!

&nbsp;

Well, that was enough to make the
servant enthusiastically continue. He
rubbed and spread her sex lips wider and leaned in to peruse his deed. He flicked his finger across its head and her
clit convulsed.

&nbsp;


Oh, my goodness! This is a live
one! I want to see her cum hard. See how wet her hole is? She is going to cum. He worked diligently to graze and flick the
tip of her little bud until Bella was panting.

&nbsp;

Bella body became rigid and then
collapsed into panting and moaning heap.

&nbsp;

This one can cum! shouted the male
servant loudly. How about the other little
wench?

&nbsp;

Raisas body rose, stiffened, and collapsed as
she squealed like an animal. They had
forced her body into an explosive orgasm, Raisa unable to understand her own
emotions. All she felt was the delicious
pleasure that raced to her brain, her body played by the two male servants,
their fingers teasing her into shaming herself with the unexpected orgasm.

&nbsp;

Yes, she can cum too! Sid the male servant. Our Master is going to be pleased with these
two sluts! 

&nbsp;

Raisa and Bella had to be helped up
from the floor, their legs barely able to hold them up. It is time to adorn their lovely bodies with
the Masters jewelry. 

&nbsp;

Perfumed, massaged, and skin glowing,
Raisa and Bella were draped in the sheerest of garments. Both wore a beaded
headband and belt. One of the servants held Bellas arms behind her back,
making her arch her breasts up, the other standing in front of her, his hands
holding a pair of black iron clamps, a thin chain connecting the two
clamps. Hold her tight, these are going
to bite painfully.

&nbsp;

Bella yelped and screamed as they
pinched her nipples, each one already hard, an easy target for the evil
clamps. AAAGGHH, she screamed in pain
as the clamp bit into her aroused flesh, Bella forced to stand still, her
shaking body making the clamp more painful as it danced on her chest. She bit her lip as she waited for the next
clamp, the pain just as bad as the first.
As long as she held still, barely able to breathe, the clamps became a
dull ache.

&nbsp;

NOO!
She screamed when she saw the next evil contraption. They couldnt do such a despicable
thing. She couldnt understand exactly
how it would work, but she knew it was destined for between her legs, the servant
kneeling before her spread legs. It was
a clamp in the shape of a horseshoe. She
already knew what the bite of the nipple clamp felt like, knowing this would be
even worse. She felt the hands fumbling
between her legs, holding her breath, refusing to look down. Her pussy lips were pulled back, the sharp
bite of the clamp engulfing her outer sex lip.
Bella tasted blood as she bit her lip, trying to contain her cry of
pain. It felt like they were trying to
tear her lips from her body.

&nbsp;

Bella jumped when she felt her clit
pinched tight, her eyes suddenly traveling down to see a small wire run from
the top of the horseshow clamp that pinched her pussy lip. It ran up to her clit, a circle at the end of
the wire completely trapping her clit at the base almost like a noose around
it. The servant tugged the wire tighter,
Bella refusing to answer his cruelty with a cry of pain. She was stronger than this.

&nbsp;

Its called a pussy clamp. The servant smiled up at her, seeing her body
glistening with sweat as he pinched her sex organs cruelly with the Masters
toys. And the one on your clit will
leave it uncovered and exposed. Even the
smallest breeze will stimulate your clit now.
It will stand at attention so the Master may see it swollen for his
pleasure. He giggled almost giddily as
he squatted down before Bella and blew a channel of air directly over her clit.

&nbsp;


Wow! He said. Its growing
huge!

&nbsp;

Bella shuttered and writhed. She had never felt such a thing, her clit so
sensitive that even a gentle breeze felt as if her clit was being stroked by
his fingers.

&nbsp;

Raisa was next, her body subject to
the same torture of the clamps, her screams louder, her body jerking so hard
they had to hold her tight. She screamed
when they clamped her pussy, Raisa not believing that anyone would do such a
cruel thing to a female. But she grew
ashamed when they clamped her clit, her body shuddering when they blew on her
aroused pleasure button, Raisa fighting the urge not to cum again, ashamed at
how her body reacted to the lightest touch.
But that wasnt the worst part.
She was bent over a wooden bench, her legs spread wide, one of them
pushing down on her naked back, pinning her to the wooden bench. The other spread her legs wide before his
hands moved up over her naked cheeks, Raisa shivering in fear, remembering the
plug shoved unceremoniously up her backside.

&nbsp;

The servant spread her cheeks, Raisas
fighting, tightening her cheeks until he gave her a sharp slap with his hand,
her right cheek turning red in pain.
Relax your ass. Im going to
have my way with you one way or another.
He pulled her cheeks apart, licking his lips as her tiny anus
opened. Thats better, he praised her,
his fingers sliding up until they were poised at the edges of her anus. He could see her tiny pucker open and close
uncontrollably as his fingers pulled on her tight hole, forcing it open. 

&nbsp;

She tried to relax her backside, her
cheek still tingling with the pain of the slap, but her virginal little hole
convulsed as the servants fingers pried at her back passage. NO!
Its too big! She cried out in
protest as she saw the butt plug, bringing back the memory of the painful
stretching as it forced its way inside her before. 

&nbsp;

Raisa could feel her muscles trying to
repel the invasion but they gave way and in it went as the servant pushed hard
with his hand. Raisa felt the thick plug
shove into her rectum, pressing painfully against her muscles. She grunted with each powerful shove of the
butt plug, her insides shoved ruthlessly aside as the butt plug got larger, her
anal ring burning as it was slowly forced around the thickness of the
plug. There was a temporary relief as
her anal ring closed around the tiny end of the plug, trapping the thickest
part inside her, stretching her open from the inside. Raisa cried as she suffered the indignation,
her body pinched and stuffed, all in an effort to please the Master.

&nbsp;

Bella did not want to look down. She
was completely horrified at such a display of her body. She tried to put it out
of her mind. They had pushed the butt
plug ruthlessly in her backside, Bella hated the way it invaded her and stayed
trapped inside her. She felt sorry for
Raisa, such a poor innocent girl. Bellas little brown pucker was so stretched
that she could hardly walk. She had
noticed that Raisas plug was much smaller than the one inside her, but the
same pain was etched on her face. Are
you okay? Bella asked as she searched Raisas face.




No! What are they doing to me? I do not know if I can endure this! How long
must I submit to this torture?

&nbsp;

Do not give in, replied Bella. We will get away from this. Just do the best you can do to comply so you are
not be beaten. I promise, it will be
over soon.

&nbsp;

Lets go. You wenches! The Master awaits, shouted the male servant.

&nbsp;

The two women were lead down a dark
stone hallway which was long and cold. Bella
shivered, her body almost naked. Raisa
walked timidly, afraid of what lay ahead in the Masters chambers. Chains were wrapped around their wrists
before they left the room. They jingled
as they walked.

&nbsp;

They stopped in front of a large
wooden door ornate with two large iron rings. The male servant pulled on one of
them. The door groaned and creaked as it
opened. The women were pulled inside. Huge lanterns glowed in the room. A large feather bed with a lions head at the
headboard loomed out at them. The room
looked as if a hunter lived in it, showing his conquests on the walls
surrounding the bed. The head of a
panther made Bella grimace. How could a
man kill such beautiful animals? Well, she knew. He was heartless and sinister. If he could capture her and Raisa and do to
them what had been done, then he was capable of anything!

&nbsp;


The two women stood quietly. A
loud voice cut through the dimly lit room.
Well, well, well. What have we
here? The Master snarled. Have you two
wenches come for a visit? Welcome to my
bedroom!

&nbsp;

Bella wanted to scream at him but
before she could, he shouted orders.

&nbsp;

Put the wenches on the bed. He ordered, the servants, the frightened servants
instantly obeying their Master.

.


The two women were thrown on the bed. To her dismay, Bella looked up to see a mirror
attached to the ceiling over the large bed.
Lanterns flicked around it which spot-lighted the occupants on the bed. It was like being in sunlight, their near
naked bodies reflected by at them. Raisa
shivered. Bella could only imagine what was ahead for the evening.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;


Zorg sat in a large chair which looked like a throne on one side of the
bed. My goodness, arent we all dressed
up for the occasion! Zorg said as he
leaned in to examine the two women closely. Clits all exposed.tits nice and
taut. He reached to slip his finger
around Bellas exposed clit.
MMMMMnice, large, and slick! he chuckled, seeing her try to back away
from him.

.


Raisa squealed when he rubbed
hers. She wriggled and tried to move away but she was attached to Bella with
the chains and could not move very far.
Raisa was fearful as she looked at Zorg.
He was naked. His chest rippled
with muscles and his cock was semi-erect.
Raisa was appalled at the size of it, twice the size of the servant that
had used Bellas mouth to sate his lust. She turned her head to look away. It was awful.

&nbsp;


Zorg reached and grabbed the chains that held the women together. He pulled on them as the women shrieked
because the same chains were attached to their nipples as well. The women slid to the center of the bed. Now, lets see what you can do, you wench. He was talking to Bella. Lick her all over
and lick her good.

&nbsp;


Bellas body stiffened in
protest. Raisa just stared, remembering
the light touch of the servant girl on her body.





I will not! shouted Bella.

&nbsp;

Zorg lunged out of his chair, grabbed
the chains attached to her nipples and tugged harshly. Bella could only squeal as the nipple clamps
bit so harshly into her tender flesh.
She looked over at Raisa, her mouth clenched in pain.

&nbsp;


Do it now, he ordered.

&nbsp;


Bella thought her nipples would be torn off. The pain was
excruciating. She whispered to
Raisa. Its okay, just lie there. I
will not hurt you.




Raisa lay back staring into Bellas
eyes all the while. Bella leaned in to
kiss Raisa softly on the lips. Bella
cringed. She had never done anything
like this before, but Zorg would have it no other way. It was sickening to her, yet she obeyed for
fear of having her and Raisas breasts torn to shreds.

&nbsp;

She kissed Raisa gently, their silky
lips touching. Raisa didnt resist as
Bella licked Raisas face and traveled down her neck and across her chest. Bella reluctantly licked at Raisas nipples
straining through the clamps. Raisa moaned.
Bella spent a long time licking the little pert nipples. Each one
strained more in the clamps as Raisa was beginning to squirm and groan.

&nbsp;

Zorg was coaching her. Thats it.
Lick them good!

&nbsp;

Bella could hear his panting beside
her. He now had his fist wrapped around
his organ. He toyed with it, sliding up
and down the thick shaft, Bella surprised that it grew longer. Bella thought she was going to throw up. He was an animal.

&nbsp;

Bellas tongue swirled around Raisas
belly and headed down. Raisas pink
labia was shaved and looked like velvet.
Bella braced herself. She licked at the top of Raisas sex, careful to
avoid the pussy clamps and her pinched clit.

&nbsp;

Raisa groaned louder, the pleasure
splashing over her body.

.


 Zorg chimed in. Open her cunt. Open it wide with your fingers. The clamp on it does not have her displayed
enough for me! 

&nbsp;

Bella wanted to spit at him. He was disgusting. Her fingers reached to grab each labia and
spread them wide open. Raisas sex
glistened in the lighted bed. Now, Zorg
could see every crevice of Raisas sex.
Bella closed her eyes. The clamp
that was placed on each womans sex displayed their clits vividly. Bella could tell that Raisa was aroused. There was no denying the swollen little bud
standing up, begging for attention. 

&nbsp;

Zorg moved closer to get a better
look. Goodness! Look at her clit! It is so big! He snickered. Lick it!

&nbsp;

Clamping her eyes shut again, Bella
flicked her tongue out to lick the swollen jewel. She felt it move under her tongue. Raisa gasped, her hips driving up, pushing her
sex hard into Bellas lips.

&nbsp;

 Make it move again! Zorg ordered as he stroked his throbbing
member. Soon he would need relief and
these lovely girls would provide the necessary hole for his cock to plunder.

&nbsp;

 Again Bella made it move and
convulse. She continued licking this
time up and down, side to side, even though she was trying to think of
something else. She could not believe she was doing this! It
was repulsive!

&nbsp;

Raisa began writhing beneath the
licking. She pushed her hips in the air
and made circular motions with her body.
She pumped her sex against Bellas tongue, the pleasure racing through
her loins. 

&nbsp;

Take your tongue and fuck her! Zorg said with baited breath.

&nbsp;

Bella stuck her tongue deep inside the
little gaping orifice as it sucked at her.
In and out she went, working Raisas sex into a froth. Raisa shrieked
and moaned and began panting. 

&nbsp;

Now suck her clit. Put your lips around it and suck it! Zorg was obviously panting harder as he
pumped his cock.

&nbsp;

Bella obeyed blindly, wanting to end
this horrible moment. She slipped
Raisas clit into her lips and sucked at it like a baby suckling its mother for
nourishment. Raisa screamed to the top
of her lungs. Zorg jerked forward in the
chair. All was a blur to Bella. She felt wet spurts of liquid coat her back
and run down between her cheeks. Raisas
body fell back on the bed spent.

&nbsp;

Raisas body shuddered as she had an
orgasm, Zorgs eyes staring at her as she jerked on the bed in the throngs of
orgasmic bliss. She was embarrassed that
she couldnt take her eyes off of Zorgs massive weapon, his hand stroking it
up and down. Raisas fingers curled into
a fist, as if she could almost feel his hot flesh in her hand, stroking it up
and down. She should feel ashamed, but
all she felt was the pleasure that Bella had unleashed in her body, remembering
when she had to do the same thing, licking the servant girls sex until they
came on her face.

&nbsp;

Bella was disgusted as she felt the
hot crme hit her back, feeling like it was burning her flesh. Zorg had shot his cum straight on her naked
back when he came. Bella was horrified,
she could feel it dripping down slowly along her skin. How could he? Before she could turn around, Zorg reached to
rub the liquid into her back and down between the creases of her ass cheeks. Bella froze.
Bella groaned as she felt the butt plug being pulled out. It hurt almost as much coming out as it did
going in, her anal ring having to stretch wide until if finally popped out,
falling on the bed beneath her. She
turned as she felt Zorgs hands on her ass cheeks, his powerful hands spreading
them wide.

&nbsp;

Now! Wink that little pucker of your
asshole at me! Zorgs voice was
extremely excited.

&nbsp;

 NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Shouted Bella as she felt her ass cheeks
being pulled open wider. Leave me
alone! Stop it!

&nbsp;


Zorg rubbed the warm liquid down
the crevice of her butt checks and stopped right at her little brown puckered
anus. He teased it and tickled it, and
tried to push his finger inside of it.
The little hole pursed as he toyed with it. Bella screamed feeling the
finger stretch the tight virgin hole. 

&nbsp;

Raisa scrunched up into the corner of
the bed mortified at what she was seeing, hoping to make her self disappear,
not wanting the same treatment Bella was getting. The butt plug felt bad enough, but Zorgs weapon
was huge. It would tear her virginal
hole to shreds.

&nbsp;

 Thats it. Make it dance for me! Zorg continued his onslaught on Bellas anus
as it began to spasm and convulse on his finger. His finger was finally having success, popping
into her tight hole, greased by his cum.
He pushed hard on her rectum, seeing Bellas face contoured in pain. He loved fingering a slaves ass. The silky softness felt wonderful to his
finger and brought even more joy to his cock.
He inserted another finger listening to Bella groan as he did so. In and out he plunged his finger, feeling her
asshole begin to accept its fate. He
smiled as he felt moisture wet his fingers  the slut was enjoying this.

&nbsp;

It hurt as Zorg plunged his finger
inside her, Bella unable to control her own muscles, her anal ring stretched
around his fat, calloused finger, her muscles rubbed salaciously from the
inside. His finger pressed hard on her
rectal muscles, giving her cramps. The
finger moved in and out on his slick cum.
OOOOOWWW, she cried out as a second finger joined the first, her anal
ring burning as it felt like it would tear.
Bella prayed that he would not take her in her backside, hoping that his
cumming had sated his lust.

&nbsp;

She was so tight, her asshole wrapped
tightly around his twin fingers that drove deep into her guts. She twisted and turned on the bed, but failed
to escape his fingers that were gripped so tight by her muscles. Even though he had cum already, Bella or
Raisa would have to service his cock again. He didnt know if his cock could get hard
enough to gain entrance in such a tight hole as Bellas asshole, but a nice
tight mouth would serve him good. But it
was not Bella that would suck his cock, he wanted Raisa. He wanted to see her innocent face as her
lips accepted his thick member. Over
here little Princess, he teased Raisa seeing the look of fear on her
face. Now, or Ill have my men whip you
until you bleed.

&nbsp;

Raisa scurried over to Zorg, not
wanting to defy such an evil man. He
continued to finger Bella in her backside, her grunts and groans a testament to
the terrible probing of his fingers. Yes
Master, she obediently responded.

&nbsp;

Zorg stroked his cock, the thick shaft
already rising to the occasion, the sight of Raisas pretty face inciting his
lust. Touch it Raisa. Make it grow. He watched as her hand hesitantly moved
closer to his cock. 

&nbsp;

She hated what he was making her do,
but it was the only way, Bella had made it clear that she had to comply until
Bella could gain his trust enough so they both could escape. His weapon was so large, even when it was
still soft, her small hand encircling the thick shaft, Raisa surprised that his
flesh was so hot. She felt it jerk in
her hand, wondering if she had done something wrong. She could
feel it grow in her hand! Without
moving her hand his weapon grew harder and longer, her fingers barely able to
encircle the shaft any longer. Was she doing it?

&nbsp;

Stroke it, he ordered Raisa, his
hand placed over her hand, guiding it up and down his shaft, enjoying her silky
touch on his cock. Yes, like that. Continue.
He pulled his hand away, Raisas fingers gripped around the shaft,
moving up and down. He could see the
look of astonishment on her face as his cock grew harder. Wait
until she felt it in her mouth. Run
your fingers over the head. Real tight,
make it feel like your pussy. She
obeyed instantly, her hand gliding over the thick helmet of his cock, sliding
back down, his juices leaking onto her fingers, making then slide easily on his
flesh.

&nbsp;

It had to be twice the size since she
started, her hand gliding up and down the shaft with ease. She watched his cock leak onto her fingers,
the fluids hot and slippery. She was
taking long strokes with her hand, from the base of his cock all the way up to
the head, sliding over the thick ridge and back down, her fingers tightly
gripping his flesh.

&nbsp;

Two fingers became three, Bella
groaning as Zorg continued to plunder her asshole, but his attention was drawn
to Raisa and her hand, his fingers almost resting inside Bella. While still painful to be full of fingers, it
was much better than when he was fingering her in and out. Bella was surprised by Raisas enthusiasm,
the look of astonishment on her face as she stroked the massive weapon that
dwarfed her hand.

&nbsp;

Zorgs hand went to Raisas head, one large
hand gripping the top of her head tightly.
He saw the look of fright in her eyes as he began to pull her head down
to his crotch, Raisa still not fully understanding what was required of her. When he got her mouth within inches of his
cock he felt her tense up, the muscles in her head tightening, her hand
stopping to stroke his cock. His cock
jerked in pleasure when he felt her hot breath on the head of his cock. Lick my cock, his voice adamant, his hands
tightening on her head forcing her obedience.

&nbsp;

It felt like her head was in a vice,
his hand squeezing so hard Raisa thought it would pop. She saw his massive weapon only inches from
her mouth, Raisa finally figuring out his perverted lust. He wanted her to take his thick shaft inside
her mouth. She could never do such a
terrible thing. It was bad enough that
she was using her hands on him, never would she consent to putting it in her
mouth. She was bent over Zorg, her naked
ass pushed up into the air.
EEEEEEGGHH, she screamed, the sharp bite of a whip on her naked as
cheeks shocking her. She felt her skin
rip from the whip, the pain rushing to her brain. She tried to turn but Zorg held her head
still.

&nbsp;

There is a servant behind you with a
very lovely black whip. Anytime you
refuse me he will lash at your milky white ass.
You will obey or you wont sit down for a month. Now lick my cock!

&nbsp;

She felt another bite of the whip on
her ass, her tongue quickly moving out of her lips as she felt the pain rush to
her brain. Her ass cheeks stung, not
sure how much more of this cruel punishment she could take. Her tongue wagged near the head of his
weapon, Raisas eyes closing as her tongue hesitantly moved over the head, her
hand holding it still. She licked the
head, her mouth suddenly assaulted with the salty taste. It was terrible, Raisa unable to get rid of
it as it permeated every corner of her mouth.
His hand tightened, warning her of her continued disobedience, her
tongue taking a broad stroke over his hot flesh. She began to lick his flesh as if she were a
cat with a platter of milk, her tongue moving all over the thick helmet. Her face grimaced from the terrible taste as
his weapon continued to leak onto her tongue.
Her only hope was that she was making him happy, her hand starting to
move up and down the shaft as her tongue lavished its attention on the head.

&nbsp;

Raisa was better than Bella, a natural
talent that Zorg would have to instruct further. Open your mouth real wide and take my cock
inside. Let your tongue dance around it
in the hot confines of your virgin mouth.
He nodded to the servant behind Raisa, watching as the whip lashed
across her ass again, Raisas body jerking in pain. He pulled his fingers from Bellas asshole,
no longer interested, Raisas mouth would service his cock. MMMMMGGG, he groaned in pleasure as her
mouth engulfed the head of his cock. He
looked at Raisa, her lips spread so wide, her lips drawn tightly around the head
of his cock, her innocent eyes clouded with tears as she submitted to sucking
his cock. He felt a spurt of cum fill
her mouth when her tongue lashed over the trapped head of his cock in the warm
confines of her mouth.

&nbsp;

Raisa grimaced as her mouth was
suddenly inundated with a thick crme that stuck to her tongue. Had he
cum? But why was his weapon still hard?
Her head was gripped by his two hands
now, forcefully pulling her mouth down over his cock, Raisa feeling more of his
thick weapon pushing deeper into her mouth.
It filled her so completely, her lips bulged from the massive
weapon. Never would she have ever
thought of doing such a thing, but here she was, her tongue dancing over the
hot flesh that was buried in her mouth, his salty seed covering her taste buds.

&nbsp;

Zorg knew he wouldnt last much
longer, his hands guiding Raisas head up and down, her lips so tight, her
tongue lathering his cocks head. His
balls began to tingle, ready to dump his load of cum in her sweet, innocent
mouth. He was sure that she didnt know
what to expect, his hands tightening on the sides of her head, holding her in
place for his climax. 

&nbsp;

Her head hurt, Zorg squeezing too
tight. His hips were moving now, his
weapon sliding in and out of her mouth, banging against the back of her mouth,
making Raisa gag. She licked harder,
hoping to make him happy, anything to stop this perverted act. He was panting, her mouth filled with the
awful taste, her tongue getting tired, lips feeling like they would tear if he
didnt stop.

&nbsp;

YEEEESSSSSS, Zorg screamed in
lust. His hips shot forward, burying his
cock in her hot, virgin mouth, seeing the shocked look on Raisas face as his cock
spewed a load of cum into her receptive mouth.
He tightened his sphincter, as he felt the delightful pleasure that only
a virgin mouth could bring, her lips and tongue obediently obeying his every
whim. Her cheeks bulged as Raisa found
her mouth filled with his cum, her eyes opened wide in wonderment.

&nbsp;

His weapon swelled in her mouth, his
hips more urgent as he shoved it deep into hot confines of her mouth. Then she felt it, his cock suddenly shot out
the thick crme again. But this time it
was different. It felt like gallons filling her mouth, her cheeks bulging. She had no choice but to swallow it, choking
as she tried desperately to swallow the thick crme. And then it did it again, Zorg crying out in
lust as her mouth was filled with the foul crme. She choked and gagged, tears falling down her
cheeks, his crme leaking out her lips and running down her cheeks as her
throat bobbed up and down trying to swallow the abundant crme. Her belly filled with his seed until he
finally relented, letting go of her head, pulling his mighty weapon from her
mouth. She bent her head over, coughing
up his seed, unable to rid her mouth of the terrible salty taste.

&nbsp;

Zorg bellowed loudly as Raisa coughed
and gagged. Such a delightful mouth you
have wench. Even better than Bella. Next time youll take my cock down your
throat. He pulled the clamps off of
their bodies, enjoying their cries of pain as the blood rushed back. Curl up into my bed the both of you. When I awake, I will be hungry for some more
of you. It will be time for you to learn
to take me between your lovely thighs and bring me pleasure. He watched as the two girls huddled together
as if they could protect each other. He
laid down next to the trembling girls, wanting to catch a few hours sleep until
his hardening cock would waken him, two lovely wenches ready to service him to
his satisfaction.

&nbsp;

Bella tried to comfort Raisa, but she
could do little to protect her, her throbbing anus testament to the power Zorg
had over them. Zorg started to sleep,
but the servant remained vigil at the door, the whip in his hand. What
would they have to do when Zorg awakened?
What perverted act would he make them perform next?

&nbsp;

To
Be Continued

&nbsp;










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone sinsationalsub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





