BDSM Library - Never Work Late




Never Work Late
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He found her working late alone one night.  Bound to a desk, he raped her in all of her holes and then punished her with a pussy whipping.
Author: Powerone and Geisha
Title: Never Work Late
Summary: He found her working late alone one night.  Bound to a desk, he raped
her in all of her holes and then punished her with a pussy whipping.
Keywords: M/F, rape, anal, oral, nc, bd

Never Work Late

Copyright 2003 by ElectricGeisha and Powerone.  You can reach ElectricGeisha at
electricgeisha18@hotmail.com and Powerone at Controlher@hotmail.com.

	
	It was late in Singapore, the darkness overtaking the city.  You have me
bound to the huge desk in the main room, my knees bent far back.  I still cannot
believe I am in this situation.  Ropes tie my arms up high over my head, my
breasts thrust out, unprotected.  My legs are securely circled with the heavy,
rough rope and you drew my knees up until my legs are spread obscenely.  Another
rope slipped under the desk and tied to my knees kept them permanently spread. 
	
	Only the sound of my heavy breathing fills the room and only my fear of
you stopped the screams and struggles.  I try to surrender to what you are doing
to me, hoping it would stop you from hurting me.  I knew that you would soon
strip me naked, my body opened and exposed to your animal lust.  You slowly rip
my clothes from my body, the buttons flying from my blouse, the sound of ripping
fabric filling the silence.  I gasp and struggle away from your large hand that
grip my bra in the middle and begin to pull it from my body.  My large breasts
spill from the flimsy bra, already falling free of the material.  The bra
strains and finally pulls free, my tits bouncing as they are released.  I start
sobbing softly again at the humiliation of your eyes devouring my naked breasts. 
You only seem to enjoy seeing me at your mercy.
	
	I see your hands reach out, slowly moving toward my nipples, knowing
that you intend to hurt me.  I am afraid, yet my pussy is already soaked in
anticipation.  I beg you but the mask covers your face, unable to see any
compassion, only your piercing eyes staring at me.  I only see lust and pain in
them.  My pain.  Your rough hands reach down to my skirt, slowly pushing it up
my legs, your hands moving along with it up my thighs.  "Shit, you got nice
thighs, bitch.  Just right to take what I'll be giving." Your eyes looked into
mine, gauging the humiliation as my thighs are exposed, moving still higher, my
thong panties revealed.  Tears fall from my eyes, hoping that you do not see how
wet I am.   A quick yank and tear by your strong hands and I am naked except for
my black thong panties.
	
	The position I am in leaves little to the imagination.  The panties
cover little, the front already pushed between the lips of my shaven pussy, my
pussy juice soaking them.  My asshole is exposed, my ass raised up high from the
desk.   Your hands reach down to my panties, slowly sliding fingers up and down
my slit, pushing the panties further in.  
	
	"You are such a slut," you exclaim.  "I have yet to touch you and your
pussy is soaking wet.   You will have to be punished for that.   You will have
to be made to suffer for being such a whore." My face burned with embarrassment,
how could I possibly be so turned on by this?
	
	Your hands grip the panties, sliding them up and down my slit, hurting
as the fabric is moved up and down my tender slit in a sawing motion.   "How do
you like that, cunt." I can only moan in reply and beg you to stop.  The pain
mixed with pleasure makes me almost delirious.  You stop and pull the panties in
a quick tear and I am now naked, bound and spread, to be used any way you
desire.  The humiliation of being so obscenely displayed in front of another
person is the worst.  
	
	You reach over to an ominous bag that you have brought and the fear in
me increases as you pull out a pair of gleaming, shiny nipple clamps.  I try to
block out wondering what other instruments of torture you have in there.  I had
seen such clamps before and knew the tiny teeth that would soon bite painfully
into my sensitive nipples.  My nipples have always been sensitive.  They would
get erect at the slightest breeze and silk tops always made them stand out hard,
a continual source of embarrassment to me.  "You must be punished for being such
a whore," you state.
	
	"Please, please don't do that, I'm a good girl.  I'm still a virgin. 
Please don't hurt me.  Let me go and I wouldn't even tell anyone you have been
here," I cry out, tears running down my face.
	
	"I love making girls like you scream in pain.  Wait until I fuck you, I
love to fuck virgins.   The sounds they make as you tear into them.   Wait until
you feel my cock push deep into your asshole.   Or down into your throat.   You
will keep me hard for a long time and my cock will keep you screaming for a long
time."  Your hands reach down to my nipples, plucking at each tip, pulling and
probing them, making them harder as my ass grinds on the table, trying to
escape.   You pull my breasts using my nipples as grips, stretching them from my
chest, my nipples now over two inches long, the dark brown tips now a pale brown
as they are elongated.   I moan in pain as you grip tighter, not wanting to
release them.   You suddenly let one go, the other still pulled far from my
body.   Your free hand now moves quickly and slaps it, the pain in my nipple
increases as you refuse to let it go.
	
	"OOOOOWWWW, oh, god, that hurts, please no more," I cry, but I only see
a smile on your face beneath the mask.   I gasp as your other hand moves again,
this time catching my breast underneath, your fingers tugged relentlessly on my
nipple, burning pain shooting through my tender breast.   "OOOHH, no more."
	
	You release my nipple, my breast bouncing back down, the nipple now
swollen and inflamed from the rough treatment.   The clamp is back in your hand
again and I brace for the pain.   I thought it would be bad, but it was so much
worse then I expected.   No one should be forced to receive such excruciating
pain.   It started at my nipple and drove through my breast and felt like it
traveled up my spine until it reached my brain.   It tore a scream from my
throat.   "AAAAGGGHHH, GGGOOOODDD, noooo, please take it off," shaking my
breasts as best as I could in the tight bondage.   That only increased the pain
as you held onto the clamp, my nipple trapped beneath it, the tiny teeth feeling
like an animal chewing on it.   "GGGGHHH," trying to catch a breath of air into
my lungs, my chest heaving.   My nipple finally went from excruciating pain to a
dull ache that continued.   My breathing returned to normal, just in time to see
you reach for the other clamp.   I knew that they pain would start again.   "No,
please no, I will do anything, just not another," I begged.
	
	"I am going to do anything I want to you, I will fuck you, fuck your
asshole and you will suck my cock until I shoot enough cum in you to drown you.  
And then I am going to begin to hurt you.   Make you scream until I am hard
again.   Then I will fuck you all over."
	
	Fingers reached for my other nipples, tugging it erect again.   You
moved down with the clamp again and I clenched my mouth, my teeth biting into my
lips, drawing blood as I muffled my own scream of pain as the unbelievable pain
tore through my breasts again.  
	
	You smile at me.   "Trying to be quiet, whore? I will make you scream, I
love to hear you scream.  You should see how hard it is making me."  The nipple
clamps had silver chains attached to them and you pull up on them.   My nipples
began to pull from my body again, this time the clamps biting tighter into them.  
I did not know the clamps were clover clamps.   They tightened as they pulled
out.   The dull ache in my nipples again turned sharp, slicing into my being.  
"Oh god, please make the pain stop!" The pain clouds my mind and through it, I
hear you tell me that it is just the beginning as you place the chains in my
mouth.  "If you release the chains, bitch, I swear I will whip your fucking
pussy so bad you won't walk for weeks.  I want to see you beg to scream as
well."
	
	My nipples hurt from the clamps biting into them and my breasts hurt
from your rough groping and squeezing but having the chain in my mouth pulling
on the clamps magnifies the pain so much.  Even the slightest movement threatens
to stretch my nipples more than they can take.  But movement is inevitable as
you position yourself between my thighs.  I shut my eyes, refusing to witness my
own defilement.  The sting of your hand across my face jerks me back into the
room, almost causing the chains to fall out, "you'd better keep your eyes open,
cunt."

	I watch in half in horror, half in complete lust as you slide your cock,
leaking pre-cum over my wet slit.  I would have begged for you to fuck me if I
didn't know better.  I brace myself to for the pain of your thick hard pole
forcing its way into my tight pussy but nothing could have prepared me for what
was to come.  You rest the huge, swollen head of your throbbing cock on my
virgin asshole.  I squirm and struggle.  "Mmmppphh", trying to appeal to your
compassion but it only encourages you.  You push the head in, forcing it into my
tight asshole.  I cannot even imagine how you would begin to fit something so
huge into such a small hole.  It hurts incredibly and I am literally being split
into two.  My tiny asshole is now spread obscenely over your huge cock.  I try
to find a way to relieve the pain radiating through my body but I can't scream
for fear of letting the chains go.  You have threatened to whip my pussy if I do
and I know the pain from that will be as bad as this.  The tone of your voice
promised that.
	
	The pressure is so intense and tears start falling.  You seem to enjoy
my tears and complete helplessness even more.  You slowly push each painful inch
deeper into my cramping asshole.  My asshole is forced to spread wider as the
head of your cock plunders my insides.  You lean your weight onto me, pushing
the clamps in until I'm screaming against the chains in my mouth.  The chains
eventually slip and you slap my pussy.  "Now you owe me something else but
that's alright, I missed you screaming.  Hurts doesn't it, slut?"  I didn't care
if I was going to be whipped, the pain was clouding my mind and I felt like I
was being ripped into two even though the pain was subsiding.  You stopped
midway and I was about to find out why you did that.
	
	You reach down to my face, licking and kissing my tears away with
surprising gentleness.  For a moment, I'm taken aback.  But that slight relief,
knowing you might not want to hurt me after all, doesn't last long.
	
	The pain of the huge dry vibrator plunging into my tight pussy shoots
through my tense, arched body.  "AAAAHHH!"  At the same moment, you drive the
remaining length of your cock all the way into me, burying it to the hilt.  The
pain hits my body without mercy, making me scream until I'm hoarse.  The pain
forces my body to tighten and cramp around your cock, milking it.  You begin to
fuck me.  Fuck me hard.  Each thrust brings a fresh bout of pain and I can feel
the head of your cock rubbing against the tip of the plastic monstrosity lodged
in my pussy.  You drive yourself harder and deeper into me each stroke as if you
were intent on hurting and punishing me as much as possible.  My asshole is
burning from your large cock reaming me.  My virgin pussy no more, fucked by a
plastic cock, tearing up and down, hard plastic taking my most prized
possession.  You fuck me for over 20 minutes, your cock and the vibrator.  I can
hear you groaning and grunting and I can feel you cumming inside me after what
seems like an eternity.  My asshole is filled with your hot cum, burning in my
inflamed passage.
	
	You finally pull out of me and take a look at me.  I'm exhausted, in
pain and given up fighting against my bondage, but aching to cum.  I know what a
whore I look like, your cum leaking out of my torn asshole, my pussy very wet,
swollen and needing to be fucked.  I didn't even realize that I was so turned on
until you roughly slide your fingers into my slit and comment. 
	
	"Do you want to cum, my little whore, is that what you want?"
	
	My whole body is wracked but I squirm on your fingers, half-hoping that
you would bring me to orgasm, half-hoping that you would leave.  Two fingers now
fuck me, twisting and turning inside me.  My body arches up in response, too
embarrassed to answer you.
	
	But you are not so nice.  Instead, you position your cock between my
parched lips and force your cock in.  I can't scream.  But I struggle, knowing I
have to clean the cock that raped my ass.  You're too strong for me and I am too
broken to fight for long.  The taste repulses me and I feel so humiliated.   But
my tongue still swirls and teases your throbbing cock, almost intrigued by every
bump and vein on it as it grows hard and stretches my mouth more, sliding deeper
into my throat.  I'm not accustomed to it but my choking and gagging milks your
cock effectively.  I suck in air through my nose as your cock fills my throat. 
I do not know how much longer I can stand this but that is not your concern.  My
only pleasure will be to receive another load of cum, this time in my mouth. 
You pull out of my throat just when you are ready to cum again.  My mouth is
quickly filled with your cum.  Hot, salty and pasty, dripping from the corners
of my mouth unable to swallow fast enough to contain it all.  I choke and gag on
your cum, but you only push your cock into my throat again, forcing the cum down
into my gullet.
	
	You pull your cock from my lips, my tongue licking at it is withdrawn. 
"You've sucked cock before, whore."
	
	I hope it will be over when you pull out of my mouth, but something
tells me you don't intend to stop, or forget about the whipping, as I feel your
thick, rough fingers pinching my aching clit.  "You owe me something, don't you,
slut?"
	
	I shiver in fear as you reach inside your bag of torture.  "Please, no,
not that," I exclaim.   My eyes widen as you pulled out a riding crop.  "I did
what you said, don't."
	
	"You dropped the chains and you screamed.  Now I will give you a reason
to scream.  Make me hard again and I will fuck your pussy this time.  Of course
your pussy will be sore.  Sore from the whipping I am going to give it," you
laughed, your right hand hefting the riding crop and slapping it hard onto the
table.
	
	My body jumped from the noise.  I could almost feel the crop hitting me. 
"Not between my legs, please not there," begging with tears in my eyes.  It was
inhuman to hit a girl between the legs, on her sensitive sex.  And then you
intended to fuck me.  I knew it was going to be painful, but I could not imagine
how bad.  The first slap of the crop hit my inner thigh.  The scream torn from
my lips rang out in the empty room.  The burning took seconds to reach my brain. 
It felt like nothing I had ever felt before.  By time my breathing returned, the
crop was already on its way down, this time finding my other inner thigh, the
sensitive flesh leading up to my pussy.  "OOOOOWWWWW,' NNOOO mooore," I
screamed, tears running down my face.  My legs pulled on the ropes, trying to
close them, to prevent you from inflicting any more pain on me, but you had done
a good job.  The rope held tight.  The plane of my sex was raised up, exposed
and naked, waiting for the crop to beat its painful path along it.
	
	"Just going to make you tender, bitch.  I like my cunts to scream." 
	
	I watched in slow motion as the crop came down between my legs.  I could
see it hit my pussy, splitting my pussy lips down the center to slap harshly
against my pink inner lips.  I felt nothing for seconds.  Then it hit my brain. 
"EEEEEHHH," my legs pulling on the ropes, stretching them, attempting to close
them and ease the pain.  But it proved futile.  I did not have time to even
recover before you brought the crop down again, this time harder.  I could not
believe it could get any worse, but it did.  You slashed the crop against the
sides of my outer pussy lips, switching from one side to the other.  The worst
was when you hit my open pussy, my outer pussy lips peeled back, my pussy
exposed.  My throat was dry from screaming as you continued to whip me.  I could
only sob and murmur, my body bouncing around, unable to prevent you from your
task.  I was becoming exhausted, sweat covering my body as you continued to beat
me.  My whole sex mound was inflamed and burning.  But you continued.  Continued
to beat me.
	
	"You stopped screaming, why did you stop screaming, cunt?" 
	
	I could see the evil in your eyes as the crop came down again.  I braced
myself for the pain, knowing what to expect.  But you surprised me again.  The
crop hit my exposed clit.  The pain shot through my body, a small trickle of pee
running down my thigh, unable to control my own bodily functions.  It felt like
you had smashed my pea-like bud with a hammer.  "NNNNNOOO, OOOOOWWW," I screamed
again just in time to feel the crop come down again, this time shooting up and
slapping hard onto my swollen and red asshole.  My body pushed up to escape,
only succeeding in raising my clit up higher, open and exposed as the crop came
down on it again.  My legs jerked around, my belly rising and falling, the
bondage preventing any escape from the crop.  You beat me with the crop for over
a half-hour.  My inner thighs were a maze of pain, red and inflamed.  My pussy
lips had swollen up to twice its size, still unable to prevent the crop from
reaching between them to slap my tender inner flesh.  My asshole throbbed, not
sure if it was from the crop or the ass fucking you had subject to me before,
but not caring.  You finally stopped.  My body slumped in relief.
	
	"Ready to get fucked, bitch?  Fuck back or it's the crop for you again,"
you gleefully shouted, stroking your hard cock.  You climbed between my legs,
pushing the head of your cock against my pussy lips, feeling the heat from the
whipping.
	
	I was now dry, the whipping taking away any desire for sex, but that did
not stop you.  Your cock pushed into me, tearing into the flesh that had only
just been opened up by the plastic vibrator.  You pushed and pulled out, only to
push back in harder and deeper, each time another whoosh of air dragged from my
lips as you began to fuck me.  It did not take long before I began to get wet. 
The pain now mixed with the pleasure, not sure which was making me wet.  All I
cared about was taking your cock deeper and deeper inside me.  I clamped onto
your cock as you pulled out, opened up as you fucked in.  I had never felt so
full as I did now.  Your cock seemed to fill every millimeter of space inside my
hot pussy.
	
	"Nice hot and tight pussy, I like that whore.  But I think I can make it
tighter." 
	
	I felt a hand reach under, between my legs and felt something touch my
exposed asshole.  It was cold and hard.  I felt it push in, my asshole opened up
again as the plastic vibrator pushed into my asshole, going deep inside me. 
When it could go no further, you turned it on, the hard, cruel instrument began
to vibrate deep inside of me.
	
	"Now that feels good, that vibe is rubbing through your asshole to
massage my cock real nice.  Nice tighten up and fuck the cum out of me, bitch."
	
	Through the pain, I clenched and unclenched on your cock.  Anything to
make you cum.  I am not sure if I did it to stop the pain or because I wanted to
make you cum.  To know that I could make you cum.  To please you.  Your fingers
reached down and began to rub my clit.  Not a soft, gentle rubbing, but a brutal
pinching and twisting.  That was all I needed to make me cum.  I grabbed your
cock with my pussy, refusing to let go, squeezing it with all my might as my
orgasm overcame me.  I screamed this time, not in pain, but in pleasure, my
pussy and asshole stuffed with real and artificial cocks. 
	
	You jerked atop of me, your cock filling my pussy with your hot cum
again.  Your body laid down on me, pushing the nipple clamps into my tender
flesh, igniting another orgasm from my body.  It felt like you were trying to
drive your cock through my body as you pushed in and dumped another load of cum
in me.  Darkness overcame my body.
	
	When I awoke about an hour later, you were gone.  I was still lying on
the desk, but all trace of the rope was gone.  I looked at my wrists and ankles,
seeing the burns from the ropes, knowing that I had not imagined it.  My body
was still covered with sweat and cum leaking down from my pussy onto the desk
below me.  The vibrator was still humming inside my asshole, my tiny asshole
having swallowed it whole.  I reached between my legs and using my fingers,
pushed inside my asshole until I could grip it and pull it from my clenching
asshole.  It painfully pulled out with a pop, falling to the floor noisily.  It
took me over an hour to dress, unable to put on any panties, my pussy and
asshole too sore.  It was over a month before I could fuck again.  And over a
year before I would ever work late again.
	
The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone ElectricGeisha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





