BDSM Library - Missing in Action




Missing in Action
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenny learns the ropes of BDSM through her new master at his secluded manor, as the outside world searches for her, believing her to be kidnapped. Authors note: This is a first chapter to a new story that I am working on. Thus, this is only the beginning and just explains the situation, with no real BDSM involved, yet. Please be patient while the other chapters are uploaded.
Title: Missing with Action

Author: Jenny Fordham

Synopsis of story: Jenny learns the ropes of BDSM through her new master at his
secluded manor, as the outside world searches for her, believing her to be
kidnapped.

Authors note: This is a first chapter to a new story that I am working on. Thus,
this is only the beginning and just explains the situation, with no real BDSM
involved, yet. Please be patient while the other chapters are uploaded.

Chapter 1: A Contractual Agreement



	My knees trembled as I walked up the stairs to my new masters'
apartment. Or, at least who I hoped would be my new, and first, master. Our
contract was in its final stages; all that was left was for us to sign it in
each other's presence.

	As I reached the door, I took three deep breaths and raised my hand to
rap lightly on the door, before I could convince myself to run away. Before my
knuckles had touched the door, it swung open, and a man who I had never seen
before let me in.

	I waited until he had shut the door, not speaking to him, just as I had
been instructed. If all went well, I'd be leaving for my masters' manor in an
hour.

	My master entered the area and I dropped to my knees, casting my eyes to
the floor and waiting for his commanding words.

	"Michael, you may leave us and wait in the car." He commanded, and the
man who had opened the door turned and left without a reply.

	My master shifted his attention to me and I knelt in silence, waiting
for his command. After five minutes of silence, which felt an eternity, I lifted
my head a little to see if my master was still there. That question was
immediately answered by a light slap to my cheek, and I froze.	

	"I told you not to move. If you're going to be mine, you will have to
learn to follow commands much better then that. Follow me." He said, walking
into the next room and sitting down at the kitchen table.

	My nerves were more on edge now than before. I hadn't expected him to
slap me, but then again, if I was going to be his submissive I suppose that's
what he's supposed to do. I got to my feet and followed him into the kitchen and
stood next to the table.

	He nodded and smiled at me, "Good, you're learning. You may sit."

	I sat down in the chair across from him and waited for him to say
something.

	"I will now implore you, read the contract thoroughly before you sign
it. It is a legally binding contract and not something to be taken lightly." He
placed the sheaf of papers before me, and I began to reread what I had nearly
memorized.

	Over the past week I had read my copy of the contract over and over
again, fantasizing about my new future. I had also gone through the rules and
had reasoned out that as long as it wasn't a direct question, I could ease my
way around it without breaking the rules and being punished.

	My insides tightened as I finished reading the contract for the last
time and I reached for the ball point pen laying on the table, but his hand
caught mine and held it before I could grasp the pen.

	"Are you absolutely sure?" He asked, his gray eyes staring deep into
mine.

	"Yes." I said, taking the pen and signing my name at the bottom.

	He sighed, took the contract and signed his name.

	We both stared at each other for several minutes, getting used to our
new relationship.

	Finally, he reached under the table and handed me a brown paper bag. "Go
change, and leave anything you brought with you in this bag when you're
finished."

	I got to my feet, took the bag, and made my way to the small bathroom
across from the kitchen. Before I could go inside, a rough hand grabbed my arm
and I stopped.

	"Did I say to go in the bathroom?" He asked, his voice low and
dangerous.

	"No, sir" I whispered, frightened of what would happen to me.

	He frowned and stared at me, clearly waiting for something. I only wish
I knew what that something was.

	Finally, with an exasperated sigh, he dragged my back into the kitchen,
sat down in his chair and began to unbutton my blouse.

	I let him take off my shirt and bra and then he suddenly stopped, and
stared at me again. Confused I stared back. "How can I take off your shoes if
you are standing up?" He asked impatiently.

	I sat down on the floor quickly and allowed him to take off my shoes and
socks. He stopped again and I caught his drift and stood up so he could take off
my skirt and panties.

	He then dressed me in a pair of patterned children's underwear, and a
light dress that a five-year-old might wear for summer play. It was all
according to the agreement. I was to be his "child" in a way, as a sort of role
playing, or at least at the beginning. I had been uncertain about this at first,
but as it was part of the contract, and the only way he would agree to train me,
I accepted.

	Fortunately, I had always been rather small and childlike. I barely had
any breasts, hardly more then raised nipples really. And at a full-grown height
of 4 feet 8 inches and only weighing 85 pounds, I didn't look much older than a
ten-year-old.

	My master had once told me that it was my size that had originally
attracted him to me. I had first meet him at a party, where my old boyfriend,
Ian, had taken me for my 16th birthday. We had been practicing what I now knew
was bondage ever since our relationship began, but this was the first time that
I had met other people who were into "The Scene." Shortly after Ian left to go
to college, my master had found me as I was walking home from school and became
my new "boyfriend." So far, it wasn't anything like my old relationship, as so
far, there hadn't been any sex, or bondage for that matter. All there was is the
promise of the contract, which would soon develop.

	My parents were not yet aware that I had left home, as I had not yet
told them. However, my master did not know that as he had not asked that
specific question.  	

	Master put my old clothes into the brown paper bag and tucked them into
a cabinet. I still stood next to the table, waiting for his next command, my
smarting cheek reminding me not to move without permission.

	"Come on then." He said, opening the door for me and letting me walk out
first.

	The stone steps leading down to the ground floor were cold, and I had to
step carefully so that I didn't walk on anything gross. Master hadn't given me
any shoes, and he walked ahead of me, not waiting for me to carefully hop out of
the way. I hurried after him, reaching his van a few seconds after he did.

	"Get in." He said, sliding the door open and ushering me inside. I was
about to sit down when I remembered his orders and I looked back at him.

	"Sit in that seat, there." He pointed to a child safety seat in the back
seat of the van.

	I sat in the seat and was thankful that I was still small enough to fit
in them without any trouble.

	Master buckled me in, his knuckles brushing against my nipples as he
brought the straps down, and his fingers resting on my pussy as he buckled the
belt into the bottom of the seat.

	Without looking back at me he climbed out of the back of the van and
slammed the door shut. He got in the passenger seat in the front, put his own
seatbelt on and Michael, in the driver's seat, started the van.

	The van lurched out of the parking lot, and before long we were cruising
down the highway, heading for masters manor.

	The drive was silent, as well as boring.

	I thought of the classes that I was currently missing, and my few
friends probably wondering where I was. I usually didn't miss school at all,
unless I was deathly ill. There had been one exception to that thought. Once,
after Ian had gotten over enthusiastic while punishing me, he had grabbed an
iron fire poker from next to the fireplace, meaning to frighten me with it. I
had struggled, truly fearful that he would beat me with it, and Ian had lost his
grip and smacked me across the face with it. Fortunately it hadn't been a hard
swing, and no bones had been broken. I had a nasty bruise on my face for weeks
though, and wound up wearing a lot of makeup to try and cover it up.

	I touched my cheek, remembering master slapping me, and I wondered what
exactly I had gotten myself into. Ian had never intentionally hurt me, and any
pain was usually part of foreplay of some sort. Clearly, master had shown little
sexual interest in me, and even though the slap hadn't hurt much, it felt
strange to not have any real reason other than moving my head to receive it.

	Obviously I would have to learn to obey exact orders, and remember
everything that he said.

	We continued to drive throughout the day without stopping for food or
bathroom breaks, and my legs and butt were quite sore when we finally arrived at
the manor. It was completely dark, with no sound except for an owl hooting in
the distance.

	I had finally arrived at my new home.

	



To be continued...

Look for Chapter 2: A New Arrival....coming soon.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jenny


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





