BDSM Library - High Society




High Society
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a beautiful powerful woman who is forced to give it all up to be owned by a a man whom she cant resist.
High Society

   The sunlight streaming through the stark white blinds and reflecting onto
Sera's tanned skin was her alarm clock this day. She awoke startled and shot out
of bed looking around the room half expecting there to be someone standing next
to the bed watching her sleep. He had told her, warned her that He would know
everything she did no matter how hard she tried to hide or cover her tracks. And
she knew somehow someway that He was a man of His word.

  
                                                 A New Beginning

   She had arrived at this point in her life after years of soul searching.
Years that she spent alone in her fancy apartment in her fancy bed. Oh sure from
the outside her life seemed perfect, great job, great car, plenty of  money. She
ate at the finest restaurants, wore the finest clothes and dated the finest
bachelors in the city and yet at the ripe age of 32 here she was still alone,
wishing someone anyone was there to hold her. As the years passed all of her
single friends had gotten married had families,  but not her she vowed she would
not settle for just any man. Oh no any man worthy of her would have to be
something, someone sensational.

   One of the few single girlfriends she had (Arianna) had convinced her to join
her that night after work at a very exclusive after hours club uptown. She
hadn't really wanted to go but maybe if she went just this once Arianna would
stop bugging her about it. "I mean it Sera you need to get out of that apartment
you will never meet a man cooped up in there, come with me tonight .My driver
will be there to pick you up at 10 pm be ready, oh and wear something risque!" 
Risque she laughed to herself hearing her friends advice running through her
head, she sat down on the bed and looked around. "Well if its something risque
she wants its something risque it is," Sera thought as she rummaged through her
oversized, overflowing closet she loved clothes she had so many different
outfits, but she knew which one it would be on this night. She grabbed it and
jogged to the bathroom stopping to grab her little waterproof friend from the
bedside table. Sera turned on the shower letting the steam fill the room and
slowly removed her clothing her body was in fine condition, better then the
bodies of most women half her age. She admired her reflection in the mirror and
smiled.

   She stepped into the steam filled shower letting the hot water stream over
her body. Her long dark hair stuck to her skin and she brushed it out of her
face as she raised her leg to shave. Placing her foot on the side of the tub she
ran the razor from her ankle to her thigh being sure not to miss a single spot.
"Risque", kept running through her mind and before she knew what she was doing
she lathered up the nicely trimmed triangle at the top of her thighs and began
to shave it all off. She stood and let the hot water rinse the lather away and
reaching down placed a hand between her legs pulling her lips apart allowing the
water to run over her clit. She felt her arousal grow and reached for the
waterproof friend she learned to depend on. Turning the switch she laid it
lightly on her clit and brought herself to climax and then again before washing
her hair and getting out. She toweled off quickly and went to get dressed. The
outfit she had laid out was something that anyone who knew her would be shocked
to see her in. Sera picked up the black lacy thigh high and began sliding it up
her leg the cool silky feel sent a shiver up her spine and the goose bumps ran
from her toes to her head and caused her nipples to harden instantly. After the
stockings came the dress it was low cut in the front and then plunged down all
the way to reveal the  small of her back. It fit her perfectly hugging her body
in all the right places , the curve of her ass, the hardness of her nipples
could all be seen and she felt ravishing. Going with no panties and no bra made
her feel even sexier...and no one would know the difference except for the
occasional titty hard on. She ran to do her hair sweeping it up loosely and
letting some of the dark silky strands fall around her face and down her back
where they rested just above the dress. Sera didnt need much make up and she
hated women that painted it on she dabbed a bit of lip gloss on and lightly
lined her eyes. The climax in the shower had given her a rosy glow so she needed
no color on her cheeks at all. Stepping back and taking a glimpse in the full
length mirror she almost surprised herself. Her eyes sparkled and she had to
admit that maybe this idea of going out, of getting out of the  apartment was
just what she needed.

    The ringing of the bell snapped her out of her daydream and she ran to see
who it was. "Yes?" she spoke softly into the intercom. "Miss Sera....Mistress..I
mean Miss Arianna has sent me to pick you up."

"I'll be right down." She turned off the lights locked the doors and almost ran
to the elevator. Stepping out into the lobby every head turned as she passed and
some of the men appeared to almost be drooling all over themselves. She walked
to the door where a very nice looking man in a dark coat and hat waited for her.
"The car is right out front Miss Sera, Miss Arianna is waiting for you." And
with that she was off. She walked out to find a huge stretch limo awaiting her
and the man opened her door for her. She slid her long leg in causing her dress
to raise up just enough so the top of the lacy stocking peeked out. "Wow!Sera I
didnt know you had it in you." She looked to see Arianna sitting quite properly
in the rear seat sipping a glass of wine. Sera had to look twice and the second
look confirmed what she had seen , there before her eyes sat her dearest closest
friend absolutely covered from head to toe in leather. Leather boots,leather
pants a leather bustier top and her make up was much darker then normal although
Sera had to admit Arianna looked hot! "Damn Ari when you said risque you meant
it." Arianna shot her a slightly coy smile and a look of playfulness crossed her
face, she patted the seat next to her and said, "Come sit next to me Sera let me
explain just what you've gotten yourself into."




Part 2

Sera's First Night


   Sera looked at Arianna wondering what exactly it was she was trying to say.
"Ok Ari you are making me a little nervous here ..... um...... where exactly are
we going?"

   Arianna couldnt help but laugh , "poor  little Sera my dear I am taking you
someplace so incredible, so impressive, that even you with all your money and
worldly goods have no idea it exists."

Arianna looked at Sera and began to explain.....a private club,very
exclusive,only for the very rich,the very famous,only for those who have proven
to be trustworthy, those who choose to live a tad bit differently then "normal"
society. Sera didn't know exactly what to think because if she had heard Ari
right they were going to a very exclusive S&M club. She sat quietly not knowing
how to respond.

   "So Sera what do you think, are you mad? Come on it will be fun I have been
going for a few years now, wait until you meet my Master oh He is an exquisite
specimen."

    "Ari did you just say Master??!!As in like you have a Dom?" Sera could not
believe what she was hearing, she had been friends with Ari for a long time and
never ever did she imagine or could she even fathom the idea of Ari being
dominated by anyone, if anything Sera had guessed it would have been the other
way around.

    There was an eerie silence between them and Sera just didnt know if she
could do this, she was high society, an important person in this city and if
word got out... oh the media would have a field day plastering her face all over
the front pages of every paper and tabloid in town.

    "Sera there is something you should know I have taken the liberty of
registering you as a sub. I knew from the moment we met that you were a total
submissive in the bedroom. Anyone with as much power in their every day life as
you has to give up control at some point."

    Sera knew that Ari was right she was a sub, she loved to be dominated. She
had in a past relationship experienced some light forms of
S&M...bondage,submission but never like this never in public.

    "But Ari I don't even know if I want to go through with this.You really
should have talked to me about this." Sera sat quietly looking out the window,
not really knowing if she was mad at her friend or at herself for being so
uptight about this whole thing.

     "Sera just try it there is no need to be uptight about this we are all
consenting adults and it's ok to let yourself go.You don't have to be miss
business woman, in control of the world all the time.Please just do this for me
tonight I promise you if you are uncomfortable you can leave I'll have the
driver wait just in case."

    Sera sat quietly pondering Ari's request. The more she thought about it the
more she realized maybe Ari was right maybe this was just what she needed.

    "Ok Ari this one time,just tonight I will go through with this but if I
decide I want to leave I am going!" Ari smiled and hugged Sera.' I promise you
Ser, you won't regret it. She handed her a glass of champagne and they toasted
to the night that lay ahead of them. They had been driving for quite some time
and Sera was beginning to wonder if they would ever get there. Ari's cell phone
rang.

    "Hello..yes...well then it will take us a bit longer to get there.No thats
fine we have plenty of champagne and wine to keep us busy on the ride....ok
thank you sir..see you then."

    "Well Sera seems there's been a change in plans.. we are driving to the
country....wait until you see the estate we are going to it is grander then even
you can imagine.Oh and we will be spending the weekend."

    "Ari I cant be gone for the whole weekend..I" Sera quickly put her hand up
as if to summon Sera to shut up."Sera really it is no big deal I will be sure
everything at the office is taken care of. I will make a few phone calls when we
get there ok..now relax."

      Sera knew there was no use arguing and sat back quietly sipping her
champagne. The two laughed and talked and drank. By the time the car slowed to
turn onto a winding moonlit lane 2 empty champagne bottles sat glistening in the
light of the dimly lit limo.

    "Ok Ser, let me look at you." Ari sat back and looked at Sera and slowly
brushed a strand of  silky dark hair out of her face." There you look hot they
will be all over you!!" Sera laughed , "no they will not!"

   Finally the limo came to a stop as the girls stepped out Sera couldnt help
but gasp out loud.There before her stood an estate..no a mansion surrounded by
large iron fencing with a gate as tall as a 2 story building. "Oh my god Ari who
are these people." Ari just giggled and grabbed Seras hand pulling her to the
gate. She spoke quietly into an intercom..."Hello Ari and guest." And slowly the
gate opened. They walked up what must have been 30 steps before reaching the
giant front doors where a large man in a dark suit ushered them inside. The room
was dimly lit and Sera could hear the slightest mumble of voices coming from
somewhere deep in the house. The footsteps echoing off the marble floors told
her someone was coming. "Quick Ser..kneel and look at the floor." Sera looked at
Ari like she was speaking some foreign language. "I'm serious.. kneel, do it
quickly." Sera dropped to her knees on the cold hard floor and forcd herself to
look down as much as she was dying to see who was coming she dare not look up.
The footsteps drew closer and Sera began to tremble...maybe this wasnt such a
good idea. Before she could stand to turn for the door a male voice boomed .
"Slave Ari so glad to see you could make it..and you brought us a new slut to
break I see." Sera felt the anger grow inside of her and looked up into the eyes
of the most beautiful man she had ever seen. Standing she looked at him and
replied,"my name is Sera and you can address me as such I don't even know you
and hardly think it is appropriate that you assume I am comfortable with being
called anything except for my proper name." The man walked slowly towards her
and stopped directly in front of her grasping her chin in his hand he raised her
eyes to his, "Let me explain something to you slut..as soon as you stepped
across that threshold you became nothing more then a slave and as a long as you
are under this roof you will be nothing more nothing less is that understood?"
Silence....Sera said nothing and tried to avert her gaze away from him and tried
to mumble a reply," but I do not want to..." He grasped her chin harder between
his thumb and forefinger squeezing her jaw tightly,"It does not matter what you
want I will do with you as I see fit as long as you are in my home.And the
appropriate way for you to respond would be yes Master." He stood awaiting her
response. Sera's  mind raced unsure of what she had gotten herself into she was
scared and yet somewhere deep inside she could feel the desires that she had
pushed away and hidden for so long trying to escape to the surface.She swallowed
hard and a quiet, "yes Master" escaped her trembling lips. This was it she was
giving in to this complete stranger  this beautiful, frightening, and obviously
powerful man standing before her.




The Night Begins



   "Ah yes," he said quietly , "that is much better Sera. Slave Ari has told me
so much about you I feel as if I know you already , of course by the time the
night is through I will know you even more intimately. Now if you do not wish to
see me angry get back on your knees." Sera let out a slight wincing breath and
dropped to kneel before him hoping he couldn't see the fear in her face, or
smell it seeping from her pores. He of course could and fed on it....

    "Now slave here are the rules which I am sure slut Ari did not share with
you, as I have already said when you respond to me it is yes master or no master
and when another male speaks to you  it shall be yes sir or no sir.  As well as
with any female yes maam or  no maam unless I instruct otherwise. These are the
only acceptable forms of speech and you are not to speak unless spoken to . If
you feel the need is so great that you must open your mouth you may only do so
after asking me in the correct form. Is that understood?"

    She quietly replied "Yes Master."

    "Next you are the new toy in my home and tonight we will see just how far
you can be taken before you break I will have no begging or crying if at any
time you feel you can take no more you may use the safe word ....red. However if
you choose to do so you will be escorted home and never allowed to return here
again. And last but not least you are to keep your eyes on the floor at all
times unless I tell you otherwise you show respect to all those who you
encounter tonight everyone in this house is above you, a higher class then you.
When another person or slave enters a room you are to kneel immediately. Now
Sera before you answer think carefully about what I have told you...I will
prepare Ari for her evening and come back to hear your decision."

    Sera dare not move but from the corner of her eye could see Ari kneeling
next to her on the cold marble floor. She watched as this man...walked behind
Ari forcing her down on all fours. He reached and with one swift movement
attached what appeared to be a collar around her neck and Sera had to bite her
lip to keep from crying out as he harshly spread Aris ass apart and inserted
what appeared to be a very large and painful plug.

    " You have approximately 15 minutes before I return Sera think hard and long
about your decision." And with that he began dragging Ari by the leash towards
the inner rooms of the house.

    Sera was so confused her brain told her to run out the doors , down the
steps to the car and get as far away from here as she possibly could,  yet her
body  told her quite the opposite. She could see her nipples were hard and she
felt the wetness that had begun to seep between her legs as he had spoken to her
just moments before. She allowed her hand to slide down between her thighs and
her fingers brushed her clit. She could not help herself and lightly rubbed the
wetness until she was on the verge of climax and then slowly drew her hand away
not believing what she was doing... masturbating on the floor of some strangers
house. With her left hand she readjusted her skirt so she was not exposed and
then knelt quietly trying to contemplate the situation and come to a decision.

    Before she knew it she could hear footsteps approaching from the distance
and as they grew closer her heart pounded loudly in her ears. She remained
kneeling staring at the floor in front of her and suddenly there he was standing
before her his shoes visible directly below her eyes.

    "Well slut what is your decision?" She hesitated for a moment and asked
quietly, "Master may I ask you a question before I answer?" He cleared his
throat and responded,"You are wearing on my patience slut but yes one question."
She thought carefully before speaking. "What exactly will you do with me if I
agree to stay?" There was silence and then he began to laugh. "I will do with
you as I wish..as I told you before you will become mine. If I call you even in
the middle of the week you will come here to me, I will do things to you that
you secretly wish to have done and probably things that you will hate but that
is what is expected of you if you choose to stay." She sat silently for another
moment and realized she could not as much as her brain told her to..say no to
this man. "I will stay Master." Sera expected some response but got none and
suddenly she felt a collar being placed around her neck and he tightened it
pressing hard on her throat. "You may live to regret your decision slut. I on
the other hand will enjoy every minute of it." And with that he yanked hard on
the leash that hung from the collar that encircled Seras neck and began pulling
her along side of him. "Lets see what you're made of shall we."




The Decision Is Final



    Sera had no choice but to follow him as he pulled her along deeper into the
house. Her knees ached from crawling along beside him on the hard marble floors.
She wondered just how big this house could be it seemed as if they had been
walking for a long time. Finally he stopped ...she dare not lift her head to see
where they were but she felt the collar round her neck loosen momentarily  and
heard a key turning in a lock.

    "You may stand slut but keep your eyes on the floor." He led her through the
doorway into a dark room. Sera knew from the echoes their footsteps caused that
this room must be gigantic. She dare not utter a word and yet her mind raced
with a million questions. "Sit slut and do not move." He helped her back up to a
large sofa and she sat down in silence. "Now I expect when I turn on the light
that you will want to look around to see where you are however, you will look
only at me and I will tell you what this room is for." Sera nodded her head in
agreement and the lights came on slowly...starting out very dim and then
gradually getting brighter allowing time for her eyes to adjust. He was seated
in front of her in a large leather chair and she willed herself to look him in
the eyes. Her masters eyes were dark and cold but held a spark that she could
see.

    " Now let me explain where we are...this is the MD room. All those who wish
to play in my house must be thoroughly examined and given medical clearance we
would not want any of our punishments or tortures to take the life of one of our
slaves now would we?"

    "No master of course not."

    " Good now you will be examined and blood will be drawn to be sure you are
free of disease and otherwise healthy and capable of withstanding anything that
comes your way. When I am done talking I expect you to stand and remove your
clothing and place this examination gown on. Do not tie it up leave it open  and
then do exactly as the Dr. says. Do you understand what is expected of you
slut?"

    "Yes master I do but...."

   "No buts slut you have given up your right to protest now disrobe."

    He turned the lights brighter as she began to take off her clothes. She
tried to be as modest as possible as she undressed in front of this total
stranger. She reached for the gown and he pulled it away..

    "Stand upright slut arms at your sides chest out legs spread I want to take
a look at you."

    Reluctantly she let her arms fall to her sides revealing her ample breasts
and her shaved mound. He came very close to her and began to look her up and
down. He held each of her breasts in his hand and squeezed them pinching the
dark nipples on each one causing her to wince. He chuckled and pinched harder
causing them to harden instantly. "Very nice slut but we will have to work on
these nipples... a bit too stubby for my liking." His hands slid around to her
back and then began moving down to her ass suddenly she felt her ass cheeks
being pulled apart and gasped. "Well well well tell me this little slut has
never had a good ass fucking?" She swallowed hard and replied, "Only a few times
Sir." He laughed even louder causing her to tremble..."Oh it will be fun
stretching that tight hole then wont it slut?" He walked around her slowly and
let his hands roam up and down her body  causing chills to rise from her toes to
the top of her head. She swallowed hard as he stood directly in front of her
now. "Look at me slut do not take your eyes from mine." And with that his hand
slid down to the shaven mound between her legs. She found it hard to stare into
his eyes as his fingers found the wetness that had pooled between her legs. "I
am going to touch  it you know that dont you? Touch it and pinch it and pull
those labia wide open and stick my fingers inside. You want that dont you  Sera
slut you want your pussy touched?" Sera was embarassed to admit it but she did
want his hands on her she couldnt hide the wetness between her thighs. "Yes
master yes I want you to touch my wet pussy." And with that his hand slid
between her wet lips. First searching out her clit which now was throbbing from
her need to cum. " A little clit too I see slut, it will suffice for now we can
make it bigger as time goes by." He flicked it back and forth a few times
causing Sera to push herself against his hand and he laughed. "Now lets see just
how much of a slut you are shall we Sera?" She felt his hands grasping either
side of her labia and roughly he pulled them out and open exposing her inner
wetness to the cool air. "Now Sera you bring your hands down here and hold your
lips open for me so I can put my fingers inside your pussy." Sera felt ill and
wasnt sure she wanted this to continue. He waited for a moment and then quietly
spoke, "This is just the beginning slut if you cant handle it safeword now and
leave my home." Sera reluctantly reached down and spread her pussy open. And he
nodded in approval, "very good slut, now hold still." She felt his fingers
sliding around the edge of her hole and using both hands he slid his fingertips
just in the edge and pulled her pink wetness wide open. Sera was not loose or
stretchable and he could tell. "I cant even get my fingertips in there slut very
nice.. we will keep up the muscle tone by doing extensive Kiegel exercises so
that even after a good fisting you tighten back up." And with that he pulled his
hands away. "Now here is your gown put it on climb up on the table that is
behind us and sit quietly as I get the Doc." She reluctantly slipped the gown on
which wasnt really a gown at all, in fact it barely reached the top of her
thighs and her breasts held the front of it open her hard nipples protruding
through the thin material. Sera walked over to the table she shuddered thinking
it looked just like the table in her OB's office. She dreaded that yearly exam
and hoped this would not be nearly as intrusive but knowing deep down it would
probably be worse. She slid up onto the table,the gown too short to cover her
caused her ass to touch the cold vinyl and the wetness that had gathered between
her thighs seeped onto the table beneath her. She heard voices outside of the
room and her master entered and walked quickly to her. "The Doc got caught in
traffic he will be here momentarily save him some time and lay back , slide your
ass to the edge of the table and put your feet in the stirrups." She did as she
was told and her gown hung back exposing her entire body covering only her
shoulder. "Now feet in the stirrups knees out and dont move." She placed her
feet against the cold metal and allowed her knees to fall out to the sides. He
pulled a large light over to the foot of the table and aimed the beam directly
at her pussy and then turned it off. "Wouldnt want to leave that lamp on too
long may dry you up and the Doc loves natural lubricant." She turned away to
look at the wall embarassed to be in this position let alone to be seen by some
stranger that she was unable to ward off no matter how much her brain screamed
to leave she just couldn't go. "Oh and Sera I will be right outside do not give
the Doc a hard time I am not in the mood for foolishness." And with that he left
her alone, lying there naked and exposed for anyone who wished to see. Her mind
raced wondering what she was doing here, why she had allowed herself to be put
in this position.



    The door opening caused her to snap out of her daydream and she heard
footsteps approaching her. Next thing she knew the bright light was switched on
flooding the area between her legs with warmth.

    "Sorry to keep you waiting my dear but the traffic heading  out of the city
was horrible. I am the Doc and I will be performing your exam. I am a very busy
man and don't have time for foolish nonsense. I expect and demand total
compliance, the exam will be time consuming and very, very thorough. Now if you 
please we will begin."

    Sera swallowed hard and closed her eyes. She felt him prying her mouth open
and he thrust several fingers in pushing them to the back of her mouth. "Swallow
slut." She tried swallowing but with the obstruction of his fingers found it
very hard. After a few attempts she managed to swallow without gagging. She then
felt his hand sliding down to her chest and he groped her breasts. He gripped
them firmly squeezing them and pulling them finally grasping her nipples between
his thumbs and forefingers and pinching them very hard and then slowly twisting
them till she thought they would surely break off. He then proceeded as if it
was a normal doctors visit, listening to her heart and lungs, checking her blood
pressure and testing her reflexes. All of this without saying a word.

    "Ok now it is time for the part that most of my patients find unbearable
however you must remember that my services are extremely costly and part of the
agreement I have with your master is that there is no safe wording during an
exam. Another words this is part of my payment. I will settle for nothing but
total compliance and if need be can make arrangements to sedate you the decision
is yours." Sera shook her head no worrying sedation would lead to her being
totally defenseless against this monster. "Fine then lets begin."

    The light allowed the doctor to see every nook and crevice of her most
private places and he made sure she was aware of that. "I will talk to you
throughout this whole process letting you know exactly what I am doing and will
also be showing you with a mirror, it is my belief this is far more humiliating
then just examining you in silence." She heard him snicker and watched as he
took a wrapped box from his bag and carefully placed it on the table slowly
unwrapping it and meticulously removing the items it contained piece by piece. "
First I will examine you manually inspecting inside and outside of your vagina
and rectum then I will perform a typical pelvic exam with some not so typical
instruments. I am now going to begin..allow your knees to fall out and try and
relax." Sera began to shake and tremble not knowing why she didn't just jump up
from this table why she was allowing these people to do this to her.

    "I am going to touch you now you will feel my fingers on your labia, your
clit, and then inside of you both vaginally and rectally I will use no
lubrication as from what I can see you are lubricated enough." Sera squeezed her
eyes closed tightly and tried not to think about what was going to happen to
her. His hands were on her now spreading her lips open she could feel the warmth
of the light as his fingers slid up and down her wet slit. His thumb and
forefinger pushing up and out exposing her clit.

    " I am going to place a clamp on your clit now to see how big we can get it
while it is clamped I will rub it causing it to throb and cause some minor
irritation." Sera winced and then cried out as she felt the sharp edges pf some
type of clamp pinch her clit hard. "Oh yes look at that little nubbin its nice
slut very nice but a little small for his liking I'm afraid. Some injections can
cure that. Now tell me how it feels when I touch it." Sera swallowed hard did he
really expect her to admit that in some sick disgusting way this humiliation,
torture and pain was turning her on making her wet. "Slut I know you are
enjoying this I can see the juices dripping from your cunt now tell me or I will
call your master in here now."

    Sera swallowed hard." Ok..ok it feels like I am being stung by a million
little bees it burns and feels good at the same time. But the clamp is making it
throb please take it off now." He laughed..."No not yet you can take it for a
bit longer..now tell me how much you are enjoying this slut tell me how wet you
are."

    "I..I " she stammered, "I like what you are doing to me, I need to be
examined and humiliated because I am a slut and when you touch me it makes my
pussy wet." There she had said it, she felt like she could vomit but she had
told him what he wanted to hear. "Very good Sera now I will continue my exam. I
am going to put my fingers inside of you now and see how tight your muscles are
when I tell you to squeeze my fingers as hard as you can with your pelvic
muscles." She felt his fingers slide near the rim of her pink hole that  now was
sopping wet causing  a puddle of wetness to pool beneath her on the table. " Ok
Sera one finger." And he slipped a finger inside of her, "another now relax and
breathe slowly." She felt his fingers moving inside of her hitting her g-spot
causing her hips to begin moving. "Ok slut you are ready for two more I will
have four fingers in you and then I want you to squeeze as tight as you can." He
forced 2 more fingers inside of her making for a total of 4 and this caused her
to wince uncomfortably which in turn made him smile. "Squeeze slut now." And she
squeezed as hard as she could . She felt an unmistakable urge welling inside of
her as he continued pushing his fingers deep inside and simultaneously fingering
her g spot. "She began thrusting her hips towards his hand trying to get more
inside of her knowing how painful it was and yet the need to cum welling so
deeply inside not being able to control her self. " You want my whole hand don't
you slut? You want me to fist you don't you?" Sera shook her head no but
continued thrusting her hips down on his fingers. He wasn't sure that she could
take it,  her pelvic cavity was very tight and thought it best to wait until
another time. he slowly began to withdraw his fingers and watched with amusement
as Sera continued to buck  back and forth. When he withdrew his last digit she
stopped thrusting and her face flamed red embarassed  by her response to his
touch. "Don't worry slut you cannot control certain aspects of your body when it
is manipulated in such a way and you will become more accustomed to the fact
that you really want to enjoy it because you want to be treated as a slut." He
laughed and wiped the wetness from his fingers off on the inside if her thigh
then slowly moved his mouth to the spot and licked it off. "Mmmmm tasty." This
humiliated her even further. "Now for the rectal exam first I will examine you
with my fingers and then I will administer an enema which will allow me to
insert a speculum and slowly open your rectum so I can see that it can withstand
any invasion that your master wishes to submit you to. I will prepare the bag
and get your master as he wishes to be here for this part of the exam. And I
will remove the clamp from your throbbing clit as well but not until your master
sees the size it has swollen to." Sera felt the tears well up and begin to spill
out of her eyes. As she laid there waiting for what was to come.




Final Preparations

  Sera heard the footsteps coming back towards the room and began to tremble.
She listened in silence..

  "So how is it looking so far Doc?" She heard him ask. The Dr. responded with a
sadistic chuckle ,"Looks good you may want to consider some modifications but
all in all she is a genuine thing of beauty." Sera found herself hoping her
Master would be pleased with the Dr.'s report, and then realizing what she was
thinking shook herself out of it.

  "Anyway I have prepared her enema and we are ready to begin." Sera trembled
again in fear of the unknown that was to come. "Good ..good.Yes I want to watch
it administered and then  I will judge how much more she can take."

   Sera heard his footsteps growing closer and soon her master was standing over
her. "I want you to roll onto your side now Sera and we can finish up this exam
this may be very unpleasant for you especially considering your anal
inexperience but I can assure you eventually you will become accustomed to it."
Sera reluctantly rolled onto her side. The Dr. was standing there looking at
her. "Lift you leg now." And she lifted her leg up as the Dr. placed a strap
around it securing it in midair leaving her sex wide open. "We are going to tip
the table now Sera so your head is angled down,  this will help the enema to
drain deep into your bowels." The table tipped leaving Sera laying slightly
downward the strap pulling her leg even farther away. She watched as her master
took a seat at the foot of the table. She heard the unmistakable snap of latex
gloves being put on.

    "Ok Sera I am going to insert my fingers in your rectum I want you to relax
and breathe deeply if you tense up the pain will be unbearable." She felt his
slimy lubricated fingers working their way around the rim of her ass,  her
muscles tightened automatically trying to avoid the intrusion. "Sera,how many
times have you had anal sex?" Her Master stood at the bottom of the table
awaiting her reply. "Ummm ....Um she stammered only once or twice." This caused
her master to laugh out loud. "Oh then this may be very unpleasant for you."
Without warning she felt an intrusion pushing at her tightly closed hole."I am
going to put one finger in now Sera." The finger pushed hard against her and
finally slid in causing her to groan loudly. The Dr. worked his finger in deeper
and deeper pulling it out and thrusting it in until finally his finger was
buried in her ass. "Now another..." She felt another finger pressing hard
against her rectum and began to squirm. "Unless you want this to be even more
unpleasant I suggest you lie still." Sera froze not knowing what else to do .
Why was she here allowing this to happen ? Why was she letting these men force
these things upon her things that she never dreamed she would do? But she
already knew the answer...she couldn't give up this life of submission that she
wanted so badly. While she lay there thinking she felt the Dr.'s second finger
force its way into her ass the pain almost unbearable now.

Her Masters hand holding her now trembling thigh that stretched out above her.
"There now let me work my fingers around inside of you." The Dr. looked to her
Master and nodded his approval she was loosening up ever so slightly but it
would be enough for what they wanted to accomplish. Sera although still in pain
was beginning to enjoy this stimulation as much as she hated to admit it the
fingers swirling around in her most forbidden spot were causing strange feelings
in the pit of her stomach. "Sera," he stood directly in front of her now as the
Dr. continued to work on her ass, "I want you to tell me how that feels." She
swallowed hard not knowing how to respond. "Sera?!" She thought for a moment and
knew she must speak the truth , "it is uncomfortable Master and somewhat painful
but I could come to enjoy it." he nodded his approval and looked to the Dr. and
quickly the fingers were withdrawn from her body. She let out a sigh and took in
a deep breath. " We are going to administer your enema now Sera, it will be very
uncomfortable for you but it is a necessity after all of the water is emptied
into your bowels we will plug your ass and you will hole it for approximately 6
minutes then we will allow you to release." Sera began to tremble again and a
tear streamed from her eye. She watched as the Dr. hung up what appeared to be a
very large bag of soapy water. Her Master once again spoke to her. "I am going
to hand you the nozzle and want you to lube it Sera it will make it much easier
going in." She nodded and did as she was told. "Take a deep breath slut and
relax." And with that she felt the hard nozzle being forced deep inside of her.
"I am going to release the water now." She felt a slight trickle of warmth
entering her body slowly causing her bowels to expand the longer she lay there
the worse it felt her stomach felt as if it would explode her Master stood above
her watching being sure it was carried out per his instructions. Finally after
what seemed an eternity the Dr. spoke "You have taken an impressive amount I am
going to inflate the nozzle now slut and you will lie still for 6 minutes."
Suddenly it felt as if her rectum would burst as it was stretched beyond its
normal limits the Dr. seemed to take great pleasure in this and her master stood
smiling as she writhed in pain on the table before him. "Done and the 6 minutes
begins now." Sera couldn't stop the tears that escaped from her eyes the pain
inflicted from her stretched bottom and the cramping in her stomach made her
feel she would surely not survive this ordeal. "Sera I will stay with you until
the 6 minutes are up. I know how painful this is and you should know it gives me
geat pleasure to know that you are willing to do this for me." Her Masters words
eased her pain some and she struggled to keep from crying out loud. The minutes
clicked by slower then she ever thought possible. Finally it was time. "Now I am
going to deflate the nozzle Sera but you must hold the enema in until I tell you
to release it." She groaned but agreed , "I understand Master." She felt the
pressure ease away as the nozzle deflatd but was overcome by the sudden urge to
empty her bowels. "Please, please I cannot hold it Master please!" She begged
him but he stood for a moment watching her writhe around in pain before him. He
released the strap from her leg and helped her into an upright position lifting
her off the table he slid a cold metal pan under her. "I want you to look me in
the eye Sera and release." Sera was embarassed, humiliated but she didnt care,
she could no longer hold back. Her eyes met his and she released herself the
pain rushing from her body. She trembled violently and he stood before her
smiling nodding his approval. "Very good little slut." He turned to the Dr.
"Please give me 30 minutes to wash and bathe her then we can continue with the
final preparations ." The Dr. nodded, "No problem I will meet you back here at
midnight." He turned and walked from the room. "Sera I am going to take you to
my wing of the house now and help you wash up then we will come back to finish
your exam and discuss what altering I would like to see done." Sera was too
broken now to object she just nodded in silence and knelt down before him. He
pulled her to her feet placing a leash through the collar on her neck and led
her from the room. She looked around in awe at the grandeur of his home the
shiny floors, huge fireplaces and expensive artwork on the walls took her breath
away. It almost made her forget about what was to come.




Final Preparations Cont.


    They walked for what seemed an eternity Sera could not believe just how
grand Masters home was. Sure due to her position at the company she had been in
mansions before but none quite like this. Finally they stopped, "Sera this is
where I spend my private time it is my oasis so to speak I expect you to behave
properly while you are in this wing of the house and show respect." Sera nodded
and followed him through the massive doors. He led her to a large lushly
upholstered sofa , "sit here and do not move I will run your bath water and
gather all we will need." She sat in silence as he left the room. Sera looked
around,  the room took her breath away. The ceiling soared above her it must
have been over 20 feet high, there was a gigantic fireplace that blazed with
flames that glowed red and blue. The furniture was limited but very expensive
thick dark wood and plush upholstery surrounded her, her eyes caught the tiny
gold colored hooks that were strategically placed throughout the room on the
walls and floors. She sat back allowing the plush comfy cushions to envelop her
body. Before she had time to further ponder her situation she heard him return.
"Follow me slut." Sera rose to follow. "No on your knees." She dropped to her
knees behind him and crawled quickly to keep up with him. Sera stopped and knelt
behind him as they  entered a bathroom that was bigger then most peoples living
rooms. "I have taken the liberty of running your bath water, and have filled it
with oils and salts that will soothe your body, I have also asked your friend
Ari to help you wash your back and hair she will arrive shortly. You may speak
with her and enjoy your time you have 15 minutes before I will return. Now get
in the tub." He bent down unhooking her collar and helped her into the spa sized
tub. Once she was in he pulled a leash from a hook in the wall and attached it
to her collar. "I will be back soon." And with that he walked out leaving Sera
alone to soak in the luxurious, warm, bubbly bath.

      She laid back allowing the water to cover her body her hands rubbing the
oils into her skin. She was drifting off when the sound of the door opening
jerked her back to reality. There dressed in a very tight , very shiny leather
outfit was Ari.  "Hey Ser how are ya feeling?" Sera just looked at Ari wondering
why she was allowed to wear clothing and walk about freely in the house. "Um I
don't know Ari but you could have warned me about this at least let me know what
to expect I have been hurt so badly." And Sera began to cry. Ari walked towards
her and reached for the leash attached to Sera's neck. "Listen you little slut I
brought you here because I knew this is what you wanted whether you want to
admit it or not.  I started out just like you but soon found  that I could deal
with a little less submission and a little more control. Master gave it to me
and has given me to a friend of his. I train his sluts for him now. I came in
here to help you and talk to you and that is how you treat me? Look me in the
eyes Sera and tell me you don't want this...... you can't because you were given
the opportunity to leave and you didn't. So instead of getting on my bad side
try respecting me and thanking me for bringing you here. You may be my best
friend but here friendship means very little. I am above you, more then you and
you will treat me that way!" Sera continued to cry she was embarassed and
humiliated here she was being dominated by this woman who had been her closest
friend and confidant for so long and still she could not deny the fact that all
of what Ari had said was true. "You are right Ari I can't deny it I want this.
Please accept ,my apology and help me wash my hair." Ari released her grip on
the leash and knelt down next to the tub. "Now lets start again...slave Sera how
are you feeling?" Sera did not know how to respond..."uh fine Maam thank you."
Ari nodded her approval and removed the nozzle from the tub wall. She turned the
water on and aimed the stream at Sera's head. The warm water felt good Sera
couldn't help but let out a low moan. Ari reached for a bottle of scented
shampoo and allowed the stream of water to hit Sera's nipples. Sera raised her
hand to cover her chest and Ari quickly moved smacking her hands away. She bent
close to Sera's ear and whispered , "I am in control slave remember that."
Defeated Sera allowed her hands to drop as Ari continued aiming the water at her
chest first one side then the other. Sera knew her nipples were very hard she
couldn't stop her body's response. Ari quickly lathered Sera's hair squeezing
the excess foam out and coating Sera's chest with it. Sera sat frozen and
watched with disbelief as Ari's hands reached for her sud covered chest. "Sera
do you know how long I have wanted to do this? To touch your body feel it
respond to me?" Sera just shook her head and gulped "But...but Ari I..." Aris
hand rose to Seras mouth and she covered it. "No objections Sera it will not
stop me anyway." Ari allowed her hands to roam freely down Ari's chest stopping
to pinch each of her now hard nipples, she began rubbing the suds into Sera's
skin. "Must be very clean when Master returns." Sera was unable to stop the
feelings that began to overtake her mind she found herself aroused by Ari's
touch which made her humiliation even worse. Just as quickly as it had begun Ari
stopped and quickly rinsed the soap from Seras hair and chest. "He is coming
back now Ser." Ari backed away from the tub and stood silently. Sera watched as
he entered the room . "I trust Ari has helped you with your hair and back 
Sera?" She nodded to him and held her breath. "Good now she can help us finish
up so we can get back to the exam." He nodded to Ari who quickly came around the
opposite side of the tub and hitting a button released 2 large metal stirrups
from the underside of the tub. "Ari is going to shave you Sera and be sure you
are smooth and clean I will stay to supervise. Now lay back and put your feet
into the stirrups." Sera swallowed hard knowing she could not protest. She laid
back and lifted her feet from the water allowing them to slip into the cold
metal stirrups. Ari approached on her left side holding a razor in her hand.
"Ari start with her labia be sure it is smooth then I will spread her open and
you can remove any other stray stubble." Ari nodded to him and reached down
pulling Sera's labia taught, she began gently gliding the razor over Sera's
skin. Sera closed her eyes imagining someone, anyone else was shaving her most
intimate parts. After a long session he stood and walked to the side of the tub,
reaching down he parted her labia pulling them back causing her clit to expose
itself from it's hiding spot. Ari licked her lips and smiled at Sera and began
removing the small amount of stubble from the pinkness that shined from between
Sera's legs. "That appears to be good Ari," he said. "I want you to run your
fingers through her slit and be sure you feel no stubble." Ari nodded smiling,
"yes Sir." Ari's fingers found Sera's wetness and she slowly ran her fingers up
and down stopping to rub tiny circles on Sera's now throbbing clit. "perfect
Sir." Sera watched as her friend and her Master rose from the floor. "Thank you
for your assistance Ari now I am sure your Master has work for you to do. You
may leave us now." Ari bowed , turned to smile at Sera and left the room.

    "Now Sera how do you feel." She lay there for a moment carefully
contemplating her answer. "I feel wonderful now Sir thank you."

    " Good now stand so I can rinse the soap from your body and then we shall
return to finish the exam."

    Sera stood carefully in the tub as she watched him reach for the hose. He
turned the water on and sprayed her down allowing the soap to stream down her
body.

    "Bend over Sera, I need to be sure your ass and cunt are clean." She leaned
forward exposing herself to him and she jumped as his hand parted her labia once
more allowing the stream of water to shoot inside of her. His hand quickly moved
to her ass and he told her to reach back and spread her cheeks. She did and the
stream hit her tight hole that was sore from the exam and enema.

    "Very good  slut now you may stand." He placed the hose back in its spot and
wrapped her in a giant fluffy towel. Unhooking her collar from the leash he
pulled her from the tub. He knelt down and rubbed the towel up and down her body
paying special attention to her nipples, cunt and ass.

    " Now let's get this robe on you and get back downstairs." He threw a large
sheet of silk over Sera's shoulders that fell around her ankles but hung open
widely in the front exposing her breasts and freshly shaven mound.


    Back into the examination room they went and the Dr. was there waiting for
them. "Good you are back now lets finish this up so I can get on the road I have
a long drive back to the city. Sera for the final part of the exam I will need
you to bend over the bar and hold very still."

   Her master led her to a waist high padded bar near the center of the room. He
pushed her forwards causing her body to literally bend almost in half, he
quickly attached her leash to a ring in the floor which greatly limited her
movements.

    "That's good that position will do fine." The doctor walked behind her and
she felt the warmth of a light on her bare flesh. "We will need to spread her
legs a bit wider so I can gain easy entrance to her rectum."

    She felt Master walk around her and place a spreader bar between her ankles
that hooked to the floor, this caused her legs to splay out widely leaving her
open and exposed. "Perfect now slide that chair over here so I can begin." The
Dr. sat down behind her Sera could only see the legs of his pants and his feet
as her field of vision was only that of the width between her legs. She could
feel the blood rushing to her head and wondered if she would pass out.

     "Now Sera I am going to lubricate this speculum and insert it into your
rectum, it is a very narrow speculum that is used specifically for this
procedure, once it is inside of you I will begin to spread it apart so your
Master can see how wide we can make that little hole. It is important you hold
very still, any sudden movement could cause you to tear and you wouldn't want
that to happen. Ok now let's begin."

    She stood awaiting the inevitable knowing that no matter what she did she
would not be able to stop this intrusion. The Dr.'s hands were upon her and she
felt him pressing the cold wetness of the instrument against her ass. "Hold
still now Sera I am going to slide it in." She sucked in a breath and waited ,
her body screamed as the instrument pushed past the tight rim into her gripping
netherhole. "Ugh ," she grunted, "I feel like I need to have a bowel movement."

   The Dr. chuckled, "No slut that is just the pressure, after the enema we gave
you , you won't be doing that for a few days."

    The pushing stopped and Sera wondered what was happening. "Sir if you'd like
to take a look at this she has accommodated just about 7 inches into her rectum
of course it is only an inch in diameter now but with work we could easily
having her taking in a full 10 inches maybe more." She heard her Master agree,
"Ok Doc now open her up I need to be sure just how much width she can stand."

    "I am going to spread the speculum now slut remember do not move." Sera
nodded her head and began slowly breathing in through her nose and out through
her mouth. She felt a burning begin deep in her rectum and her breath quickened.
" We are at 2 inches Sir and the skin is quite taught." The Dr. was giving her
Master a play by play of what was happening. "Farther Doc she can take more."
The Dr. spread the instrument farther and Sera's breathing was now at a slow
pant. her legs trembled and she began to shake. "That is 3 inches Sir and the
skin may begin to tear if I do not compress the speculum."

    She saw her Master's feet move next to the Dr.'s and guessed he must be
examining the skin. "Yes I agree I think that is all she can take for now. Dr. I
can't thank you enough for coming out on such short notice. Let me repay you.
While you cannot have intercourse or sexual contact with my new slut quite yet I
know how much you enjoy anal play. So let me suggest you possibly examining her
a little more closely while I run down to the office to get you a check." The
Dr. smiled an evil grin and agreed, and Sera watched in horror as her Master's
feet walked out of the room. She was helpless her ass spread wide and she could
do nothing to stop this man from doing whatever he wanted to her.

    "Don't worry slut I won't hurt you any worse then I already have. I am going
to compress the speculum a bit now and stick my fingers deep in your ass I want
you to grind against them, pushing them as deep inside of you as you can."

   Sera began to sob her ass ached, the pain radiating deep into her bowels and
yet she knew she must obey this man. "Yes Dr. whatever you say." She felt the
pressure in her rectum decrease and the Dr.'s cold, ungloved, greasy fingers
pressed into her ass. Sera cried out in pain as he continued to push against the
resistance finally breaking through and driving his fingers deep into her ass.
She bucked against his hand pushing back against the digits that intruded deep
in her. "Uhhh, ohhh, oh please..,"she moaned.

   "Please what slut , what do you want?"

    "Please fuck my ass with your fingers."

     The Dr. laughed out loud and slowly began working his fingers in and out of
her ass watching the tightness of the rim close around them, he never tired of
seeing a woman's body turning against her, no matter how they tried to fight
some women were just made for this and he knew Sera was one of them. Her body
bent in half her ass sticking up in the air like some common whore and here she
was begging him to fuck her ass with his fingers, she was practically doing it
herself as she pushed towards the Dr's digits. Suddenly he stopped pulled his
fingers from her ass and walked to the sink turning on the water he washed his
hands thoroughly, dried them well , picked up his bag and walked towards the
door. As he turned to leave he took one more glance at the woman sprawled out
who was now sobbing uncontrollably he knew that she was humiliated, angry with
herself, and disgusted that she could allow herself to be put in this position.
but the Dr. had been working for this man for quite some time now and knew that
it would work out. In the end she would be broken completely, it would get to
the point where she would not hesitate to drop and suck a mans cock, her body
would no longer be her own, she would never question any command she was given.

    The Master coming back into the room drew the Dr. out of his thoughts. "Here
ya go Doc, and thanks again for coming out on such short notice. Also we need to
set up a conference regarding the changes I wish to make to slave Sera, I have a
few things besides the normal piercings, I am very interested in the clitorial
enlargement and I am also thinking maybe a few weeks of some hormone therapy
could get her lactating  which would allow us to experiment with nipples
enlargement and I also know quite a few friends who would pay large sums of
money to be able to drink from her breast."

    The Dr. looked at his watch, "Well give me a call Monday morning and we can
discuss it all of the things you mentioned are quite easily accomplished." And
with that he turned and walked out the door.

    Sera still hung bent over the table ,sobbing quite loudly. "Enough slut it
is time for you to rest I know you have had a very trying day. Be still and
quiet , I will take you to your room."

    Sera could not believe that he had made no sexual advances towards her and
she almost felt disappointed. As he led her to her room he glanced back
occasionally to stare at her breasts as they bounced up and down. He led her
through a huge wooden door and into a sparsely decorated room that had a
obscenely large bed in the middle of it.

    "This will be your quarters for now slut, I will connect your collar to the
long leash that hangs from the wall so you can reach the bathroom and the bed. I
expect you need to empty your bladder although we will train that as well but
all in good time. Ari will be up in the morning to help you get ready for
another busy day. Rest now Sera...you will need it." He turned and connected her
collar to the long leash on the wall and placed a glass of water next to the bed
along with an apple and some crackers, "a snack sometimes helps me to fall
asleep." With that he turned and walked from the room closing and locking the
door behind him. Sera gulped down the water and nibbled on the crackers before
deciding she was too tired to eat, she climbed into the bed and sunk into it's
softness...it took only moments for her eyes to close and he watched her on the
monitor in his quarters.

   " Ah sweet  Sera if you only knew what I have in store for you." And he
watched her intently while he lay in his bed stroking his cock.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss M


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





