BDSM Library - Educating Nicholas




Educating Nicholas
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sophie indulges in a shameless exercise in topping from the bottom as she recognises and trains a novice Dominant in the dark arts of BDSM. 
Educating Nicholas

soleil (c) sonsoleil@hotmail.com

Sophie's cell phone rang just as she stepped out of the shower. Wrapping a towel
around her, she lunged for the phone, which was resting on the bathroom vanity,
cursing softly when she almost slipped on the bathroom tiles.

"Hello?" she answered breathlessly, flicking strands of dark wet hair out of her
eyes.

"Will you be ready on time?" demanded Lisa, without so much as a greeting.

Sophie rolled her eyes. "I said I'd go, and I'll be ready. Okay?" Then her voice
softened. "I'm sorry I snapped."

"Don't worry about it," Lisa responded breezily. Nothing much phased her. "I'll
pick you up at 8, 'k?"

"Yep, I'll wait outside." Cancelling the call, Sophie looked at herself in the
bathroom mirror as she towel dried her hair. Large, solemn gray eyes fringed
with long, black lashes stared back from a finely featured, heart shaped face. A
snub nose with a smattering of freckles that Sophie always tried, but failed, to
hide with concealer. A soft generous mouth, and smooth, clear skin. As she
blow-dried her hair so it fell like a glossy curtain over her shoulders, then
applied her makeup, Sophie thought about cancelling but realised Lisa would have
none of it. "I'll have to go," she sighed.

Sophie had been hiding like a small, wounded animal for what seemed like a
lifetime. Released by her Dominant several months earlier, Sophie had retreated
into herself, had withdrawn from the world. Lost, helpless and dreadfully alone
without His love and control, she lurched from day to day in a black haze of
despair. Her existence was an endless, depressing cycle of tears, sleep, tears,
work, tears, sleep and so on. She'd resisted all overtures and invitations from
friends to socialise; she wanted no part of it. They knew she'd split with her
boyfriend but, of course, had no idea He was her Dominant; none of her friends
knew of her submissiveness. Now, though, encouraged by Lisa, she was venturing
forth, timidly stepping out for the first time in ages. I can always come home,
she reasoned, if it gets too much.

The party was jumping by the time Sophie and Lisa arrived. Sophie lingered shyly
behind Lisa as the door swung open and they ploughed into the seething mass of
people crammed into the little apartment, music blaring. Lisa vanished almost
immediately to chat and flirt with anyone and everyone; typical, Sophie thought
wryly as she sipped a cup of warm punch and lurked self-consciously in a dim
corner while the party went on around her. Gulping down her first drink, she
poured another as the alcohol seeped into her bloodstream, taking the edge off
her nervousness.

"Sophie? Is that you? I haven't seen you for ages!"

Turning, Sophie recognised a guy she'd met once or twice, usually at the pub or
at parties like this. A political journalist, he worked in her field, though not
for the same company. 

"Hi, Nicholas," she smiled, grateful to see a familiar face. "It has been a
while," she added, looking up at him. He was tall and lean with strawberry blond
hair and hazel eyes, younger than she, but he had a quiet maturity. Sophie
remembered that she'd always thought him nice, if a little reserved. He said
something, but Sophie couldn't hear him over the noise of the crowd and the
music. She cupped her hand behind her ear and looked at him quizzically, then
nodded as he motioned for her to follow him.

"That's better," he sighed as they walked out onto the balcony off the main
bedroom and slid the glass door closed behind them. "I hate all that noise, all
the smoke. So, how've you been?" Much to her surprise, Sophie found herself
relaxing as she chatted with him and the time slipped away as they shared a
bottle of wine he'd produced seemingly out of thin air. Nicholas was intelligent
and engaging, even if he did seem a little unsure of himself at times.

"There you are! We've been looking for you everywhere!" Lisa crowed, lurching
drunkenly onto the balcony. "The party's getting boring, we're going to the pub,
wanna come?" She fixed her eyes blearily on Nicholas. "You can come, too, if you
want," she smiled, batting her lashes.

Sophie giggled. Lisa was incorrigible. "No thanks, but you guys go and have a
good time," she answered, realising it was very late and she, too, was a little
drunk. "It's time for me to go, I'm tired," she smiled.

"No worries, see you later," slurred Lisa, and stumbled back into the apartment.

"You're really going home?" asked Nicholas, a note of disappointment in his
voice.

"I think so," replied Sophie. "It's late and I haven't had this much to drink in
ages."

"Okay, I'm leaving too, I'll walk with you to the taxi rank."

They left the party in companionable silence, picking their way around noisy,
high-spirited revellers. As they walked along the footpath towards the waiting
line of taxis, Sophie stumbled and fell against Nicholas, who caught and
steadied her. "Thanks," she said, suddenly shy and a little embarrassed.

"My pleasure," murmured Nicholas, his arms still around her, his eyes locked on
hers. Sophie's heart was beating so loudly she was sure Nicholas could hear it.
As if in a daze, she saw Nicholas' mouth lower to hers and she knew he was going
to kiss her. Then his lips claimed hers and after a brief moment of hesitation,
Sophie was kissing him back, falling into him as their lips met, wrapping them
in a blanket of urgency. "Come home with me?" Nicholas asked roughly and Sophie
found herself nodding.

Racing towards Nicholas' place in the back of the taxi, his thigh pressed
against hers and her hand caught tightly in his, Sophie wondered for a brief
moment what the fuck she was doing. After recognising her submissiveness, she
swore she'd never have another vanilla relationship again; it was a recipe for
disaster. Sophie knew she had needs that just couldn't be met in a non D/s
relationship. But it had been so long since she'd felt the warmth of the touch
of another person, and the wine had lowered her resistance. Sighing as Nicholas
nuzzled her neck, Sophie decided to go with the flow. I don't care, she thought
defiantly. I'll deal with the consequences in the morning. 

Shrugging their clothes off in a desperate rush of lust, they tumbled into
Nicholas' bed, their limbs entwined in blinding, frantic passion. Sophie was
hungry for human contact, so very hungry, and she accepted Nicholas' soft kisses
and tender touches with needy greed. But it wasn't enough, she craved more, she
craved Dominance.

Teasing him shamelessly, but refusing to let him fuck her, Sophie baited
Nicholas again and again as she tried to provoke him into losing his temper. She
wasn't sure why - she wasn't sure if she was testing him to see if he would lose
control, or whether she was hoping he'd finally tire of her games and go ahead
and fuck her anyway or, alternatively, kick her out. In the end, he did neither.
Despite all her efforts, he kept his cool and followed her lead. Though they
were both naked, their hands and lips everywhere, their bodies twisted hotly
around each other's, Nicholas didn't attempt to go any further than Sophie would
let him.

"Spank me," she begged at last, her mind a drunken whirl. "Please, please spank
me!"

With one swift move, Nicholas flipped Sophie onto her stomach, her ass high in
the air. Hesitantly at first, but becoming increasingly confident as Sophie's
moans encouraged him, Nicholas spanked Sophie while she writhed beneath him.
"Harder," she begged, "please, spank me harder!" Laughing wildly, Nicholas
obliged, his large hand heating her ass with his blows. As he spanked her,
Sophie felt herself drop into subspace; one of the last coherent thoughts she
had was one of amazement that she could actually drop under the hand of someone
who wasn't her Dominant. Sophie begged shamelessly to be spanked, over and over
again.

"I'm a slut!" she moaned, heady from both the wine and the spanking. Nicholas
turned Sophie over onto her back and cradled her in his arms.

"Yes," he agreed, nipping gently at her neck. "You're a slut. But, you're my
slut."

"Are you one of me?" Sophie asked sleepily, surprised by his response.

"What do you mean?" Nicholas replied quietly, his large hands fondling the
softness of her full breasts. Sophie groaned in pleasure as his touch became
rougher, his fingers sinking further into her delicate flesh. Sophie knew she'd
be bruised in the morning.

"Doesn't matter," she said. "But you're good at spanking," she added drowsily.
You've obviously had practice."

"You're the first," confessed Nicholas, spooning her into him.

Sophie's mind was in a whirl; she was too tired to talk or to ponder the reasons
why Nicholas had taken to spanking like a duck to water. "I think you're one of
me," she murmured, just before sleep wandered in.

The following morning, Sophie crept stealthily from Nicholas' bed while he still
slept. Reaching home, she slunk up the stairs and into her bathroom. She was
dying to brush her teeth and shower. Stripping, she caught sight of her
reflection in the mirror. Her ass was still red from the spanking and she had a
small carpet burn on her knee from when they'd fallen off the bed. Rubbing her
bottom thoughtfully, she flushed at the recollection. She remembered how she'd
shamelessly begged Nicholas to spank her and how he'd skillfully obliged,
raining blow after blow on her hungry ass. She remembered how she'd teased him,
how she'd baited him, and how, despite all she'd done, he'd kept his
self-control.  Interesting, Sophie mused, tracing the livid marks visible on her
decolletage and breasts with a careful finger. Very, very interesting.




Part 2

When her phone rang on Tuesday morning, Sophie answered it absently, her mind on
the report she was writing. "Hi Sophie," Nicholas said. "Is this a good time?"

"Nic!" replied Sophie, surprised. "How are you? How did you get my work number?"

"Lisa gave it to me, I bumped into her at the mall yesterday. I'm doing okay.
You?"

"Uh, I'm good," said Sophie, unsure of herself. She felt guilty about creeping
off on Sunday morning; she had assumed she wouldn't hear from him again. An
awkward silence ensued.

"I'd like to see you again, Sophie. Perhaps dinner, or a movie?"

Sophie floundered; she was so sure she wouldn't hear from him again, and the
call had caught her off guard.

"Nicholas," she began, "I think you're nice and everything..."

"Good," said Nicholas comfortably. "Shall we say 7.30pm Friday night? I'll pick
you up from your place; Lisa also gave me your address. We'll have dinner, I
think, and then perhaps somewhere for coffee?"

"Oh. Well, I guess that would be okay," said Sophie, not exactly sure how this
man had got her to agree to going out with him.

"Settled, then," said Nicholas. "I'm looking forward to it, see you Friday."

Sophie changed her mind about dinner many, many times between Tuesday and
Friday. On Thursday, she got as far as looking up his number in the phone book
but just as she was about to ring him and cancel, she decided she'd go through
with it after all. It's just dinner, you goose, she told herself crossly. Go
out, have a nice time, but make it perfectly clear you're not interested in
anything else. Simple.

But despite herself, the memories of Nicholas spanking her slipped into her mind
as she got ready for the date. As she applied her lipstick and fluffed her hair,
she wondered if she looked okay. Then she shook herself crossly. Why did she
care? She didn't even want to go out with him. Hearing his car in the drive,
Sophie stuffed her lipstick into her bag and walked down the stairs to meet him.

He took her to a small Italian restaurant with tables decorated with red and
white checked tablecloths and Chianti bottles nursing fat, white candles
dripping with wax. The room was small, and warm and cosy in comparison to the
crisp night air outside. The fragrant aromas of garlic and basil permeated the
atmosphere and, once again, Sophie found herself enjoying Nicholas' company. It
felt good to engage in conversation and good natured argument with an
intelligent man again; Sophie realised she'd missed the warmth of easy
companionship. She laughed as Nicholas impersonated their waiter, her eyes
dancing as his wicked mimicry captured the man's unfortunate mannerisms
perfectly. "You're so pretty when you smile," murmured Nicholas, impulsively
leaning across the table, his fingers gently brushing a strand of her from her
eyes. Sophie flinched at his unexpected touch, her heart pounding madly.

He fixed her with a penetrating look. "I've had a great time tonight, Sophie.
Can I see you again?"

Suddenly wary, Sophie twisted the tablecloth between her hands unconsciously.
"Well, we hang out with the same people and we go to the same places, so I'm
sure we'll run into each other," she replied glibly, a faint tremor in her
voice.

"That's not what I meant, and you know it," said Nicholas calmly.

"It's difficult, Nicholas," said Sophie in a rush of honesty. "I've just broken
up with someone and it's still hard."

"I don't want to marry you, Sophie, just take you out. That's all. Just go out
and have fun." He smiled at her gently, waiting for an answer.

Sophie thought for a moment. She was attracted to him, she couldn't deny that.
He was intelligent and confident. He made her laugh. Once again, the memories of
his hand hot against her ass crept in, tugging at her self control.

"I like you and all..." she started, unable to look at him. "I like you, but
it's difficult," she repeated. "I just don't think it would work? We're too
different, I'm not right for you."

Nicholas changed tack. "What did you mean the other night when you said you
thought I was 'one of you'?" he asked.

Sophie shifted uncomfortably in her seat. She could feel the colour rising in
her cheeks. "I don't know what you mean," she lied.

"I think you do," replied Nicholas. "You said it just after I spanked you. But,
just in case, shall I refresh your memory a little more?"

"Not necessary," blurted Sophie hastily, thoroughly embarrassed. This guy was
persistent, of that there was no doubt. It seemed he wouldn't be happy until she
either agreed to go out with him, or explained why she wouldn't to his
satisfaction. "I just meant we seemed to have a few things in common, that's
all," she finished lamely.

Nicholas laughed. "You just got through telling me we were too different! So,
which is it?" Nicholas studied her closely.

"It wouldn't work," said Sophie stubbornly. "We want different things."


"No," he said at last. "I think there's more to it than that. Do you like being
spanked, Sophie?" he asked quietly.

Avoiding his quizzical gaze, Sophie studied her coffee cup. To her surprise, she
felt tears prick the corners of her eyes. She recognised the deep longing still
within her, the longing for Dominance and submission, the aching longing for her
Master.

"Yes," she admitted softly, her cheeks flaming.

"I liked spanking you," Nicholas replied.

Sophie grinned suddenly, her smile lighting her face. "You were very good at
it," she said cheekily, looking at him from beneath her lashes. "Are you sure
you've never done it before?"

"Very sure. But I wouldn't mind doing it again. Tell me you don't want me to do
it again."

Sophie disappeared behind her wall again, her face closing down, her expression
unreadable. "Lisa likes you," she blurted. "Why don't you ask her out?"

"I don't want to go out with Lisa," answered Nicholas briefly. "She has no
spirit, no fire. Not like you. You challenge me, Sophie. I like that in a woman.
You make me think. And I think you're a nasty, dirty little slut," he added
deliberately, his voice measured and calm. "I like that, as well."

Sophie looked up in shock, her mouth opening and closing as she tried to find
words, but failed.

"I've been doing a little research," continued Nicholas mildly. "Tell me I'm
wrong."

"You don't know what you're saying!" Sophie hissed defensively, outraged that
Nicholas would speak to her in such a manner. But she was also strangely
excited, she realised. To her shame, she felt wetness between her legs and
squirmed on her seat as his words echoed through her mind.

"I think I do," replied Nicholas. "I read a lot of stuff on the Internet, I
recognised a lot of my characteristics as Dominant. I always thought I was
weird, Sophie, but there's a whole new world out there, I had no idea," he
confessed frankly. "Show me what it is you want, what it is you need. Show me
what I need. Aren't you lonely for your own kind, Sophie? Let me keep you
company," he coaxed quietly.

Torn between wanting to get the hell away from him, yet intensely curious about
what he would do and say next, Sophie thought for long moments. And he was
right. She was lonely. She was tired of being a square peg in a round hole; she
was tired of hiding her true self in her vanilla world. The possibilities
crowded through Sophie's mind. Was she ready for submission again? She didn't
think so. Well, not mental submission, at any rate. She still felt tied to her
former Master. But... physical submission? Sophie thought she wanted that. He
won't be my Dom or my Master, she reasoned. More like a Top, and I'll be his
bottom. I know him, I trust him, I know he won't hurt me.

Sophie smiled to herself as the suggestion grew on her and the thoughts raced
through her mind. Spankings on demand, she thought gleefully, and perhaps I can
teach him to flog me! Oooh, and fisting! Sophie adored fisting, she loved the
feeling of helplessness and complete fullness and intense pleasure mixed with
pain. Yes, she'd definitely teach him that. Humiliation. There's a thought, she
mused. Perhaps the joys of shopping? Public exposure?

Candles! Eyeing the candles on the table greedily, Sophie shivered in delight at
the thought of Nicholas dripping hot wax over her bound, naked body. He could do
all the things I like, we could do the physical things, and I could just tell
him about the rest, the mental power exchange, the mental submission; he'd have
to find his own way there, she thought. But I could definitely go there with him
in physical submission, she decided. I could top from the bottom the whole way,
get exactly what I want! Though the idea of topping and besting her former
Master would have horrified her, Sophie knew she'd do it in a heartbeat with
Nicholas.

"All right," she agreed finally. "I'll go out with you again. But we'll do it my
way, Nicholas," she warned. "Nothing serious, we'll just have fun."

"Done!" said Nicholas, triumphantly.

The game was on.




Educating Nicholas - soleil (c)

Part 3

"So, you've read the link I gave you?" asked Sophie, twirling her hair around
her finger as she chatted with Nicholas on the phone.

"Yeah, I read it last night," he confirmed.

"What do you think?" asked Sophie, a little hesitantly. She was still cautious
about revealing so much of her submissive side to somebody new. She wasn't
ashamed of her sexuality, not any more, but she was acutely aware that what she
thought was great sex wasn't necessarily everybody else's idea of great sex.

"It blew my mind," replied Nicholas. "You really like that? You'd let me do it?"

"I trust you," said Sophie simply. "Trust is the cornerstone of every D/s
relationship. You can have a D/s relationship without love but you can't have
one without trust. No way, no how. Of course, when you combine the two, the
connection is awesome," she added.

"You had that, didn't you? In your previous relationship, I mean."

Sophie was silent for a few moments. "Yep," she answered at last. Before I
fucked it up, she thought silently. It still hurt to think about it, though
playing with Nicholas was helping her to heal. He was giving her something to
focus on, something else besides her awful loneliness.

"Soph..."

Sophie could sense Nicholas was about to go somewhere she had no intention of
going, and she was having none of it. "I'll be over around 8pm, is it still
okay?" she cut in.

Nicholas knew a brush-off when he heard one. "8pm is fine," he agreed.

"Before you go, what do you want me to wear?"

Nic was still coming to terms with the fact Sophie would wear anything he told
her to wear when they saw each other. Though he definitely had Dominant
tendencies, years of polite-society conditioning had taken its toll. He thought
for a moment. "That pair of crotchless pantyhose," he decided. "Short skirt, I
don't care which, you choose. Heels, slutty stiletto heels, and something tight
with a plunging neckline. Wear your hair down, too."

"Got it," said Sophie.

"Oh, and Sophie?"

"Yes?"

"Bring that flogger, bitch," Nicholas said softly before hanging up.

Taken aback by his words, Sophie stared at the receiver for a few seconds, then
smiled. He really was coming along quite well. They'd had a bit of a chat about
the power of implied suggestion and anticipation just the other day, and
obviously he'd taken her comments on board. It's amazing what a few choice words
can do, she thought, walking into the bathroom to shower. She could feel the
telltale wetness between her thighs already.

Sophie shrugged off her clothes and slipped under the shower. The hot water
rushing over her body felt good. She stretched her arms luxuriously as the water
slid over her, caressing her, cleansing her. Sophie let her mind drift as steam
clouded the frosted glass of the shower cubicle, enveloping her in a warm, wet,
hazy cocoon. Soaping her breasts with rich, thick shower gel, Sophie's fingers
tweaked her swollen, hard nipples almost shyly, then she moaned quietly as
flames of sly urgency licked slowly over her skin.

"Sir," she breathed involuntarily as her circular caresses became swifter, her
fingers sinking into her soft, wet flesh. Closing her eyes tightly, Sophie's
mind took her back in time, back to a time when her world made sense, back to a
time when one glance, one word had the power to control her every move. Her hand
slipped down between her legs now, a desperate finger searching between her
thighs, probing, seeking, finding the sensitive nub nestled between her moist,
pink lips. "Sir!" she moaned again, one hand clutching at her breast and the
other between her legs as the water rained down on her as she pleasured herself,
lost in the moment, lost in a dream.

"Oh, Sir, may I come, Sir?" groaned Sophie wildly, the face she loved clear
before her in her mind's eye. "Please, Sir, please may I come?" she begged
uselessly as the familiar feelings of sweet release built inside her with a
relentless pace. Her breath was raw and ragged as her finger glided over her
clit, moving with increasing urgency as rivulets of water streamed from her
body, her bottom lip caught between her teeth as she pictured herself naked and
kneeling before Him, begging Him for relief. Sophie gasped as His face swam
before her, sharp against the rising steam. "Please, Sir," she groaned as her
orgasm swept through her, her legs trembling as waves of pleasure engulfed her.
She reached out a hand to steady herself as the tremors subsided, her fingers
dragging streaks of moisture down the glass. Cold, harsh tears mixed with the
hot, rushing water, washing her misery down the drain with a hissing, mocking
swirl. Her face raw with grief, Sophie pushed her streaming hair from her eyes.
"Oh, Sir." A whispered, plaintive cry, lost in the rising steam.

Much, much later, Sophie was spread-eagled face down across Nic's dining table,
her slutty short skirt pushed up around her waist, the pale globes of her ass
exposed through crotchless pantyhose. Her arms were spread so that each
rope-bound wrist was tied to a table leg. Her legs were similarly spread, and
her ankles bound and tied. Sophie felt a momentary flash of panic as she heard
Nic slap the heavy flogger's suede strips against the palm of his hand. She
couldn't see him, but she sensed him behind her, ready to strike.

Was he ready for this? Sophie hoped he was. She'd given him the links, they'd
talked about it and he'd spanked her on a number of occasions. But flogging? It
would be his first time, and although there wasn't too much damage that could be
done with the type of flogger she'd given him, Sophie was well aware of the
pitfalls of blood lust. Dom/mes sometimes fell prey to it, fell prey to the
overwhelming sense of power resulting from the transfer of energy between them
and their sub. It was heady and intoxicating, and it had the ability to take
control the controller if not held in check.

"Fifteen, Sophie," said Nicholas, no hint of nervousness in his voice. "Fifteen,
and I want you to count them." His tone was low and smooth and Sophie was
reassured.

Upon his strike, her fists clenched and her hands pulled against her bonds as
the flogger cracked down on her ass. It didn't hurt, far from it, but Sophie
groaned as she counted the first blow, and steeled herself for the next. The
next slap was firmer, the suede strips stinging her ass through the sheer nylon.
"Two," she moaned, then "three!" as the blows fell in quick succession. Nicholas
picked up his pace, each stroke surer and more confident than the next, Sophie's
groans as she counted them off spurring him on.

Although she was enjoying it, Sophie's levels of frustration rose as she
silently willed Nicholas to flog her with greater force. "Harder!" she pleaded
at last, her senses craving the heavy thud of the flogger. "Do it harder!"

Nicholas obliged, grunting as he struck her with more force, the flogger
criss-crossing her ass and back as telltale red welts reared on her pale skin.
All notions of counting forgotten, Sophie demanded he strike her again and
again, harder and harder, as the flogger thudded down - five, ten, fifteen times
- engulfing them both in a heady swirl. "Punish me," she groaned as the strips
of leather lashed her skin, stinging as they licked her flesh. "Punish me, Nic,
make me pay." She thrashed against her bonds as heat raced through her, her
senses afire in a wash of sensation.  

Nicholas threw the flogger down, his breathing hot and heavy as he undid his
pants. He released his hard, swollen cock from his shorts. Looming over Sophie,
he stroked himself firmly as he eyed his bound captive, helpless before him. He
studied the scarlet welts on her back and ass, triumphant with the knowledge
he'd put them there. "Do you want me to come on you, bitch?" he grunted as his
balls tightened. "Do you? Do you want me to come over you like the nasty little
bitch that you are?"

Sophie nodded deliriously as she writhed on the table, her wrists and ankles
chafing against the ropes. "Please use me," she begged. "Please come over me!"
Nicholas' movements became more frantic, then he groaned as he spurted over
Sophie's ass, coating her welts in a gush of sticky semen. "Thank you,"
whispered Sophie as Nicholas leant over her, drained and exhausted.

"You alright?" Nicholas asked softly as they lay together afterwards in his bed,
the lights soft and dim.

"Just fine," Sophie replied briefly, her fingers entwined with his.

"Was it okay?" Nicholas asked after a moment's silence.

Sophie rolled onto her stomach and propped her head up with one hand under her
chin. "It was good," she said quietly as Nicholas brushed a strand of hair from
her eyes. "I haven't been flogged for ages," she added, a far-away look in her
eyes.

"You didn't mind about the..."

Sophie giggled. "Absolutely not, Nic," she grinned. "I'm a humiliation slut,
among other things. I love being used. It's okay, really it is," she reassured
him softly, sensing his unease.

"Maybe I'm not cut out for this, it seems different in the books?"

"You don't enjoy it? The control? Spanking me? Flogging me? Maybe taking it
further, when we're comfortable?"

"I do, but it seems a little wrong to get such a charge out of spanking you,
humiliating you. You know."

"All I know is Dominants give me what I need, and I give them what they need. So
we're winners all around, right?" Sophie raised an eyebrow and gave him a cheeky
glance. "Besides, what's normal? Who decides? We're all adults, no one's getting
hurt."

"I care about you, Soph. I respect you."

"Then it's even more precious," said Sophie. "There's nothing that says Dom/mes
have to be mean and cold, or heartless. Strict and controlling, maybe." Sophie
ginned, then continued, "But compassionate and sensitive? It's all good. It
won't weaken your Dominance, Nic, those qualities strengthen it."

"Any flogger pointers, while you're dishing out advice?" Nicholas asked, his
warm eyes regarding her steadily.

Sophie smiled, the small expression transforming her serious features. "Well,"
she began. "Maybe just a couple?"

"Go on," Nicholas said encouragingly, stroking her cheek as she looked down at
him resting comfortably beside her.

"Well, I'm probably shooting myself in the foot here but really, you should
never, ever, give a sub everything she wants. It's a fatal error, Nic," Sophie
said earnestly, giggling as Nic's face darkened.

"What do you mean?" he protested.

"Well, I wanted you to flog me harder and you did, that's all."

"But how else am I supposed to know how hard to flog you, if you don't say?"
said Nic, genuinely confused.

"Well, eventually, after you've been doing it for a while, you'll just know, I
guess," said Sophie. "You get to know your sub, what she can take? Some say it's
instinctual, that it's about the connection, and I think that's true to an
extent. And there's always safe words, I guess, if you fail to read the signs. I
don't know the right answer, the Dominant mind set is alien to me in anything
but the most basic sense. But I was controlling that scene, not you, Nic, and
that's not so good if you're after a genuine power exchange. In a real power
exchange, the sub is there for you, to submit to you; it should be all about
you, within reasonable bounds, of course. If the sub wants you to flog her
harder - it's up to you, not her. Sometimes you might oblige, and other times
you might not. And if you do, perhaps make her beg for it? But you should never,
ever give a sub what she wants all the time, just like that. It detracts from
your control, and in the end that will be frustrating for both you and your
sub."

"Ah, I see," said Nic, his brow furrowed.

"And another thing," said Sophie, warming to her topic. "You told me I had to
count your strokes, and I didn't. Well, I did for the first few times, but after
that I didn't. There's no point issuing an instruction if you don't follow
through on it."

"Shouldn't you just do what you're told, when you're told?"

"I suppose I should, and I would if you were my Dom. But even if you were, when
you're in control, the onus is on you to keep the scene focused. You're the one
running the show, and if your sub forgets or is disobedient, or gets carried
away with things, it's up to you to focus things back on you. It's the control
thing." Sophie winked at him.

"Hmm," Nicholas sighed. "I see what you mean. I should punish you now?"

"Well, you probably should, if that was the sort of relationship we had," said
Sophie, snuggling under the covers. "But this is just play, not the real deal,
so I guess we could let it go."

"I thought I heard you say you wanted me to punish you," Nic said, puzzled.
"When I was flogging you?"

Sophie shifted guiltily. "I don't remember," she replied. "Heat of the moment,
and all that." But she knew she was lying. "I should go home."

"No, stay," Nicholas offered. "It's late, and I don't want you driving after
this."

Sophie thought about it for a moment. "Well, okay," she agreed. "But I have to
be up early."

"That's alright," he replied. "It's just nice to have you here, that's all. You
know," Nic added, sliding down beside her and spooning her against him, "this
isn't as easy as I thought it would be."

"Anything worth having rarely is," Sophie murmured, then snapped off the light.

sonsoleil@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  soleil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





