BDSM Library - My Chesapeake Bay Retriever




My Chesapeake Bay Retriever
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sub visits her Dom and is given erotic, wicked new experiences with her Master and his dog, Buck.
My Chesapeake Bay Retriever

Part One

My Chesapeake Bay Retriever's name is Buck.  He is large for his breed, standing
a bit over two feet tall at the shoulder and weighing almost 90 pounds.  His
coat is soft, thick, and a beautiful golden-brown color.  Buck is an extremely
friendly pet, but sometimes embarrasses me when I walk him since his long pink
cock seems to be erect so much of the time.  I never anticipated what this
"problem" might lead to.

Before I get into my story, let me add that I am a Dom, and that bdsm is part of
"who I am".  Although I am married, my wife is not interested or willing to
participate in this aspect of my personality and need.  Fortunately, I found a
wonderful woman who shares my passions.  Our relationship extends far, far
beyond shared bdsm interests.  You see, I love this woman with all my heart and
soul... and I treasure our time talking together.  I ache for our togetherness
and I each part of her that she gives to me. Her name is lynn and she lives on a
farm in Missouri.

I visited lynn in May of this year.  It was our first meeting and lasted only a
single day... however, the day was magic.  We felt giddy the whole time we were
together.  We laughed, we strolled, we kissed, and we savored simply being
side-by-side.  I personally placed my collar on lynn (formalizing the ceremony
that made her my sub) and we scened briefly during that visit, yet neither of us
wanted to use much of our time that way.  This was our chance to actually touch
each other... to be close... and to verify in real/life those incredible
feelings of love that existed from a distance.  Neither of us had doubts, yet it
was comforting to feel the amazing strength of our love when we finally met.  We
wanted the bliss to continue forever.  Leaving lynn at the end of that day was
one of the most difficult things I have ever done.

When lynn told me that she had managed to find a way to spend two days in
Washington, close to where I live, I was ecstatic.  There were so many things I
wanted to share with her; so many sights that I wanted to see through her eyes. 
lynn had managed to find places for her children to spend the night while John,
her husband, was away.  lynn's plane was scheduled to arrive on Monday, June
2nd. 

Waiting for lynn's arrival was hell.  She and I talked daily about the thrill of
being together once again and of the many things we hoped would be possible
during her stay.  I arranged to be away from the office all day Monday and
Tuesday.  Although I wanted desperately to spend the entire night with lynn, I
couldn't come up with a story that my wife Cindy would believe.  Nonetheless,
lynn and I each eagerly anticipated two wonderful days together.  To add
credibility to my fabrication, I offered to drop Buck off at the vets for his
normal checkup on my way to work.

[Since this story is about Buck, I won't go into lynn's arrival or the fantastic
day we spent together on Monday.  Instead, I'll "pick up" with Tuesday morning
when I arrived at lynn's hotel.]

Knowing that the staff would definitely frown on a dog inside the hotel, I took
Buck up the maintenance elevator to the 4th floor where lynn was staying. 
Fortunately the early hour meant that the halls were deserted, so we made it to
her door without being spotted.  I tapped firmly and lynn quickly opened the
door.  Her first sight of me warmed my heart.  I could see the love and
excitement in her eyes as we immediately clung tightly together and moved into
her room.  Only then did lynn notice Buck.  I could tell that she was delighted
by his friendliness but confused by the situation.  Hurriedly, I explained that
I had to bring him... then immediately added that "it's okay, he won't say
anything".  As anticipated, lynn laughed at the joke, then threw herself into my
arms.

An hour and a half later, we lay naked together on the bed, having enjoyed
insatiable fucking for the third time since her arrival Friday.  As we cuddled,
touched, and whispered to each other I began to feel our interest in sex
building once again.  I also noticed that lynn glanced at Buck, still lying
quietly next to the bed, sporting a large hard-on.  Watching lynn have sex with
an animal had always been a secret dream of mine, so I didn't hesitate to slap
the bed and call "here Buck, come here boy". 

Eagerly, he jumped up on the bed... making us chuckle as he lay across our
intertwined legs.  As he lay down, his cock extended proudly from its shaft. 
lynn looked at it and joked, "seems like we've gotten the poor fellow excited".  
I didn't smile, but instead said in a soft, firm voice, "touch it".  lynn
quickly looked at me and realized that I was being serious.  At first she looked
shocked and puzzled.  Then I saw the familiar look of determination that she
gets when faced with a challenge.  Tentatively, she extended her hand, held out
her index finger and gently touched the deep red-veined cock.

lynn looked up at me and muttered "there, I did it".  Without smiling, I looked
at her and said simply "more".  Her determined look returned and she opened her
hand and wrapped her fingers around Buck's hard cock.  I could feel lynn's
humiliation, but could also sense the excitement as her heart was pounding in
her chest.  Suddenly, Buck broke the tension when he turned his head and licked
both lynn's hand and his cock... covering each with the drooling wetness of his
tongue.  I watched as lynn began to move her hand up and down over his cock as
he continued licking... clearly enjoying the sensations.  To my amazement,
Buck's cock extended even more from his shaft, reaching a full 6" in length.

I saw the sexual intensity building in lynn's eyes as her hand flew up and down
Buck's hard wet cock.  Her breathing became very rapid and the sweet aroma of
her dripping sex filled the room.  I rose from my position on the bed and moved
behind where she was sitting.  From there I reached around and found lynn's
beautiful nipples, then began to work them between my fingers.  Soon my heart
was pounding with hers as I pulled, twisted, and rolled her full, hard buds.  My
hand dropped between her open legs and I smiled when I felt my fingers slide
easily into her soaked cunt.  As I finger fucked her, she continued rubbing
Buck's cock while he licked enthusiastically.

My mind raced as I reached for the wrist cuffs lying on the foot of the bed. 
Opening one of them, I took lynn's left hand and placed the cuff firmly on her
wrist.  She was so occupied with her other hand on Buck that she seemed to
barely notice.  When I took her right arm and pulled her hand away from the
large cock, she struggled slightly and grunted her unhappiness at stopping her
masturbation of the dog.  Then, she remembered that she was my sub and
surrendered her arm as I wished.  I wrapped the second cuff around lynn's right
wrist. 

lynn watched submissively as I fastened the ropes from the cuffs to the sides of
the headboard, stretching her arms apart and above her head.  She realized that
she was to be fully bound and waited, watching, as I attached the ankle cuffs
and fastened them to the foot of the bed.  Before tightening the ropes, I placed
a small pillow under her hips; thus raising her cunt and making her even more
accessible.  Then, I took My blindfold and covered her eyes.  I moved off the
bed and looked at lynn spread open before me.  She was mine to use as I pleased.

My heart raced as I saw the beautiful lynn lying before Me.  Her cunt was wet
and, because of her excitement from stroking Buck's cock, her pussy lips were
slightly swollen.  I smiled when I saw that lynn's inner lips were just visible,
peeking out from her cunt's larger outer lips. 

Buck began to move around the bed, anxious for previous feelings to continue. 
His cock had not retracted but stood out from his shaft... hard and anxious. 
Buck touched lynn's open cunt with his nose and gave a half-hearted lick,
causing lynn to moan softly and push her hips up toward his mouth.  However,
Buck was trying to make his sexual stimulation return and licking her cunt
didn't make that happen so his licking soon stopped.

I got up from the bed, leaving lynn and Buck still there.  I could tell that
lynn was totally focused on Buck's movement and actions and that her body was
rigid in anticipation of the feelings that she had begun to crave.  Buck
continued his restlessness.  I left to collect some items I needed to complete
this scene.  A few moments later, I returned carrying a jar of honey that lynn
had bought the previous day, a water-based marker, and a crop that had been with
my other toys.  I placed the marker and crop on the bed between lynn's
outstretched legs then opened the jar.

The sweet smell of the honey immediately captured Buck's attention.  Dipping my
finger into the honey, I held it up to him.  Buck sniffed the sticky liquid then
tentatively lapped it with his tongue.  He liked the sweetness and licked harder
until the flavor was gone.  I had hoped for exactly this reaction from the dog. 
I placed the open honey jar on the nightstand next to me and picked up the crop.

My first strike was on lynn's left tit.  It wasn't a strong blow, but she jumped
with surprise.  I knew that she would soon relax and begin to anticipate the
next strike.  Quickly, I dipped my finger in the honey and dabbed a small amount
where the crop had struck.  While lynn was wondering what caused the wet
feeling, I pulled Buck to the honey and smiled as he began to lick it off her
tit.  lynn reacted violently.  she moaned loudly and pushed her tit toward his
rough tongue.  I noticed that she also shifted slightly to try to get Buck's
tongue on her nipple.  However, his attention followed the spot of honey on her
tit.  Soon the honey was gone and Buck's licking stopped.  I picked up the pen
and put a small dot on lynn's breast where the honey had been. 

Again I raised the crop, this time bringing it down on lynn's left nipple.  It
landed with a loud SMACK, a harder blow than the first had been.  Dipping my
finger in the honey, I smeared the sticky substance over her nipple.  Buck began
licking even before I removed my finger.  lynn groaned with excitement as his
long tongue gave her pleasure.  When the honey was gone, I placed a dot on her
nipple, then picked up the crop once more.

Before long, lynn's upper body was covered with blows from my crop.  Each blow
had been rewarded by the feeling of Buck's tongue licking where it had landed. 
I used more honey when the blows were hard, resulting in more licking and
greater pleasure for lynn.  her tits, belly, shoulders, and even arms were
sprinkled with dozens dots showing where my crop had landed.  lynn was moaning
constantly.  her beautiful cunt was dripping from her excitement and pleasure.

I dropped the crop and placed my hand over lynn's sex.  she pushed up against my
palm, trying to stimulate her clit so that she could climax.  Moving my hand so
she couldn't get relief, I slid three fingers deep inside her.  lynn's wetness
gave enough lubrication that they went in easily.  I moved my fingers in and out
several times until they were completely coated with her secretions.  Then, I
raised my wet fingers to her lips and said "slut, open your mouth".  When her
lips parted, I shoved my fingers inside, cleaning them thoroughly. 

Leaning close to lynn's ear, I asked "do you want to feel the crop and Buck's
tongue on the rest of your body?" 

Her head nodded without hesitation. 

I said "tell me."

lynn responded unequivocally "Oh yes, Master.  Please, please, please!" 

I waited, saying "tell me exactly what you want."

lynn searched for the words, then "I want you to hit me with the crop.  I want
to feel the dog's tongue on me.  I want it on my cunt, on my ass, everywhere! 
Now!"

End of Part One




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord of Butterflies


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





