BDSM Library - New Mexico's Best Club: Punishment Day




New Mexico's Best Club: Punishment Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short illustrated story about a slave and her temporary Owner and his anger at her misbehavior.
NEW MEXICO'S BEST CLUB. PUNISHMENT DAY

As your story teller I would like to relate this incident as it was told to me
by the Dominate involved and as I was involved late in the day I will add that
short part:

As a single member of the Club, at the time, I took this slut in when her Master
was transferred out of the country and did not want to marry her and the Air
Force would not pay for her to move or live with him. They were members for two
years and I had used her quite a bit and liked her so I let her move in until
she could get settled again.

I will not give her a name, just 'slut, whore, or piece of meat".
Only that this time she pissed me off but as one of the conditions of her
staying was that she would be my 24/7 slave without any real games.

You can guess many of the other conditions, naked at home, certain dress when
she went to work, and such normal slave rules. In fact she was very excited at
the experience because her other relationship was not as strict.

It happened on a Saturday, I had to work half a day but not feeling obligated to
tell the slut my schedule, after my morning blowjob, I dressed and left. She was
to clean and do laundry before I returned because I had plans for her for the
rest of the day. I allowed her a black bustier and a black thong to help keep a
small plug in her ass. I did not want her ass stretched out too much as a little
pain when I fucked her was pleasing to me.

I had breakfast with friends, did my business grabbed some lunch and got home a
little after 1:30. Still thinking about work I must have been extra quiet
climbing the steps and opening the door because the slave came around the corner
of the hall carrying laundry for folding. Looking surprised and flush she
dropped the basket and ran to kneel at my feet. "Welcome home Master, how can I
serve you?" She said as she placed her head to the floor.

I sensed something was wrong, besides the fact that she had not finished the
laundry.

"You did not finish the laundry?" I said in a stern manner.

"No Sir, please forgive me, please." She begged

" Lazy fucking slave, what else is going on?" I said with false concern.

"NO nothing Master, I just fell behind, I am so sorry!"

I told her to quickly finish her work, which she did. I got a beer and turned on
the television while I waited.

The slut was soon kneeling in front of me.

I told her that I think she is lying to me and reached between her legs. Her
thong was wet as hell. I expected her to be excited as she love her
submissiveness but this was a little much.

I made like I was really mad and left the room, only to return with a gag and
clamps.

I told the kneeling bitch to take the attention position. I held the gag about
four inches from her mouth, she leaned over as graceful as she could and kissed
it. "Well trained" I thought.

"Open!" I commanded. The slave complied and opened her mouth. I pushed the gag
in and secured it behind her head. 

"Present!" I ordered.  The slut cupped each tit and lifted them up to me,
pinching each nipple to get them harder. She knew what came next. I tightened
down a clothespin clamp on each pert bud. Finally I clipped the connecting chain
to the cunt's collar and allowed her to put her hands behind her back.

This pose can get very uncomfortable after a time even with a cushion under her
knees. "You can stay this way until you decide to tell me the true!" I said as I
groped one of her tits. I grabbed the egg timer and set it for ten minutes and
put it next to her so she could hear it tick. "I will tighten the clamps every
ten minutes until you talk!"  I saw a small shiver coarse through her body.

I went into the bedroom to change. When I threw my shorts on the bed I noticed
that the spread was not perfectly flat like the neat bitch leaves it. I then
noticed the remote was not where I left it.
I turned on the television and then the VCR. Well it was not the tape I left in
it. It was a tape of that wench during a session at one of the Club get
togethers. "The whore was jerking off without permission," I said to myself with
a smile.



I finished changing and heard the timer ring. I took my time getting back to the
slave. Squatting down beside her I took one of the clamps in my hand. I pulled a
little extra hard as I turned the screw a full turn.

"Masssffffer" the twat mumbled through the gag. She tried to say Master, I knew
she wanted to tell me what she did but I was not quite ready to hear her. I
teased her about not understanding her and she should really learn how to speak
correctly to me. I tightened the second one and reset the timer.

Frankly knowing and seeing this whore of a slave kneeling there and knowing the
suffering it is causing her made my dick hard.
I sipped my beer as I waited for the timer to go off. When it rang the bitch had
been in that position for over half and hour. 

I again grabbed her nipple to turn the screw. The slave shook her head "no" and
again tried to speak. I noticed a tear in the corner of her eye.

"Are you ready to talk?" I asked

She shook head up and down quickly. I took the gag out of her mouth and ordered
her to speak. With tears of shame the slut whimpered " Master, please forgive
your worthless slut, I was playing with myself instead of working."

"What else?" I barked.

" I put on a tape and laid on the bed, I put my hand down to my clit and rubbed
myself, please Sir" she continued.

I ordered her to stand and strip and remove the ass plug then stand in the
inspection pose by the window. This made her turn bright red as she stood only
with her nipple clamps and leather restraints with her hands behind her head
facing out the window.  She hoped no one would pass by the rather remote dirt
road I lived on.

I set up the barstool and fetched my favorite suede whip. I let her stand there
for a while as I finished my beer then ordered her over to the stool. The blonde
slave obediently draped herself over the stool. It is funny to see the
humiliation that she showed but yet her cunt just dripped fluid.



I wielded the whip, striking the slut across the back, then another one across
her ample ass. Thawk, thawk, went the strokes. The suede was wonderful as it
gave the pain with a minimal of marks.

The fucking slave held her tongue at first but after eight or ten she let out
low moans and started begging for me to forgive her.
I moved around her as she kept her place. Bent over the stool with her nipples
tightly clamped and ass open and exposed to anything I wanted. The slut gave
herself freely to me and there was no going back.

Thawk !  wack! Her body tensed and jumped with each stroke. When my arm got
tired I stopped for a drink of water, laying the whip across her back. I pulled
her head up to watch me drink; knowing the slave bitch needed some. She was good
only a few tears streaked her face.



I began again, telling her what a fucking worthless slut she was and how I was
not surprised her Owner abandoned her. Taking just a second break I noticed
several drops of cunt juice running down the inside of her thighs. I pushed two
fingers inside her wet cunt.
"Do you want to be fucked, whore?" I asked with false anger.

"YYYess Master, please fuck your slave, please!" she begged weakly.

I answered her with several more strokes across her exposed ass and thighs.
"Will you EVER, touch yourself without my permission and NEVER fucking lie to
me!" I spat.

"This piece of shit will never disobey or lie to you again, Sir, please it
hurts!" she answer with all sincerity.

I gave her another stroke across her thighs to accent my authority, the pushed
the whip between her ample cheeks ordering her to hold it, a very humiliating
position.



While she held her position I went into the bedroom and made some phone calls to
other Club members. The calls gave me a minute for my cock to deflate slightly.
On returning to my slave I grabbed her hair, pulling my cock out of my shorts I
shoved it in her hot mouth. She was a great cocksucker and just took me all the
way into her throat without any trouble. I fucked her mouth for a while,
enjoying the feel of her sweet tongue on my tender flesh.

"Enough!" I said as I pulled out and yanked her hair up.

I took her into the bedroom and made her kneel on the floor. Again I took a turn
on her already tight nipple clamps. I was about to stick my dick in her slutty
mouth when the doorbell rang. Without a word I turned, and left, grabbing my
robe as I left.

It was one of the members with his small Asian slave. Jim walked in smiling
leading the little slut by a long leash. She did not wait for orders she just
slipped out of her coat and dropped it aside. Now naked but for a collar she
bowed her head and waited.

While they stood and spoke the cruel Master noticed something by his door. An
evil grin crossed his face. He noticed the police nightstick he had picked up at
a garage sale and kept by the door.

Just as he picked it up another member came to the door. When he answered it
with the stick in his hand some cleaver jokes flew between the friends.

They all followed the Master into the bedroom where he ordered his temporary
slave onto the bed. He tossed the stick to her and ordered her to entertain his
friends. The men fetched a couple of chairs and the oriental slut retrieved
beers for the men.

The horny slut started by sucking the thin end of the long black shaft. She
caressed it and licked it like a big black cock! She wanted it inside her so
bad. The men smiled and pointed to the incredibly amorous slut. It did not take
long for her to start rubbing the aluminum rod on her wet clit. She wanted an
orgasm more than food.



Two more men arrived and were let in by the little naked slave. They both knew
her of course and copped a quick grope as she meekly directed them to the
bedroom.

The blonde slave rubbed the cold metal over her bald wet slit! Each stroke was
harder and harder, the black rod started to shine with her juice. The blonde
slut started to push the round end of the long stick into her open and lubed
pussy. When it was in only an inch or two the slave's new Owner stopped her. He
ordered her to lick the fluid off the stick and if she wanted to fuck herself
she mush use the handle that stuck out at 90 degrees from the shaft.

The whore pulled the shaft to her mouth and licked her own bodily fluids from
its black surface. "Thank you Sir!" she said between licks for his permission to
fuck herself.

Pulling at her twat and touching her clit the humiliated slave worked the larger
handle slowly into her hole. She wanted to get all the pleasure she could from
the device and take advantage of the Master's benevolence.

The men were now naked and the small slave was on her knees sucking a big
Hispanic dick. Five men now were in some state of sexual excitement waiting for
their chance at the performing slut.



The slave had the handle all the way in her cunt. She fucked her self with the
metal oddly shaped phallus while she played with her sensitive clit. The men
encouraged the bitch to play with herself and to cum. The blonde did not take
long to be moaning and yelling in pleasure as she achieved an immense orgasm!
Her fingers rubbed so fast they were a blur.

The small naked slave had moved on to another man. His long thing cock
disappeared deep in her throat.

The Master rose and with the aid of one of his friends her bound the blonde's
arms and legs to ropes attached to the corners of the bed. She whimpered and
begged to be allowed to continue her orgasmic entertainment. Not without pity
the Master bound the nightstick to the slave, with the tick handle still impaled
deep in her hot twat.



With the oriental slave sucking a third dick, the blonde struggled against her
bounds, trying to keep the big knob rubbing her burning hole.

The slave was soon distracted from the itching in her cunt as the men, one after
the other, crawled up on the bed and forced their hard cocks in her mouth. Left
to right she sucked and licked the hard shafts that were presented to her face.
Not only did she feel them in her mouth but also they were put in her hands.
With the limited movement caused by her bound wrists she pulled and rubbed the
rods.

This went on for a while; every one held their composure. Using the blonde and
the little slave the men enjoyed themselves. Some cruelly played with the blonde
slave's tormented tits. Pulling and twisting each clamped tit, as they wanted
her to lick or suck harder on their hard cocks.

The Master was finally ready, he had the small slave untie the nightstick and
pull it free of the wet hole. She was then made to lick all it clean of the
entire tasty slave cum juice.

Each man took his turn, climbing between the blonde wench's legs and fucking her
unbelievably wet hole. She begged for release, "please fuck me please, harder
Sir, please fuck this whore harder!"

The Asian would roll a rubber on each dick before they gang fucked the bound
bitch and unrolled each as the dismounted the slut. The slave would then lick
the dick clean and take the filled condom and empty it on the blonde's face and
tits.

This went on all afternoon. The bound bitch was allowed to rest only when the
men were recovering their strength. They had called the "on call" slave. It was
a nice chunky wife of a doctor named "ellen".  She was made to perform numerous
humiliating acts to stimulate the men. When they were ready they would retire to
the bedroom and fuck the spread sex slave.

There were no complaints from the bound bitch as she was allowed to cum as much
as she wanted.

The Master had all the men wear condoms even though they were all Club members.
It became sort of an assembly line. When they were ready the ordered the slant
eyed slut keep them hard and fluff them up. When it was a man's turn she rolled
on the rubber and kissed the head of the dick and thanked the Dominant for
allowing her to suck his cock.
He jumped on the bed and fucked the shit out of the bound blonde slave. After
the third cock her moans and speech became just babble.

When they were finished and blew their load, ellen removed their condoms and as
instructed, squeezed the contents all over the tied slave's face and tits. If
she was not distracted by some abuse of her clamped tits or open pussy the slave
opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue to catch the dripping scum!



Each man was able to take at least two turns at the slut before they adjourned
to the living room. It was there I found them, when I arrived.



As I said in the beginning as your narrator that I did not get into this until
now.

I had been out shopping with my slave so when I got home the message was on my
machine. It sounded like a party so I picked up a six pack of Coors on the way
over.

When I arrived all the guys were sitting in the living room in different levels
of dress. Slave ellen was kneeling next to the television, pinching her tits and
impaling herself on a beer bottle. A Bruce Willis movie was playing on the TV.
That could be a real dilemma, a kick ass movie or a naked bitch fucking her with
a bottle, what to watch?

The little slave greeted me and took the beer. I took a quick feel of her ass.
Every one greeted me add the blonde slave's Owner came over and explained what
was going on and offered me a couple of pills. "Viagra" he said nodding toward
ellen, "one benefit of having a doctor in the club."

As I had not partaken of the entertainment as of yet I turned him down. He
motioned to the Asian slut who after meekly taking my hand led me down the hall.

As we walked I thought it funny, just a week ago may slave and I was with her,
her husband and their two kids at the zoo. The perfect mother dressed in clothes
that showed not hint of her submission and status.

As I entered the room a wonderful sight greeted me. The pretty blonde slave had
been freed from her back and moved to the guestroom. The slut was now on her
knees with her ass in the air, legs spread and as ordered holding her ass cheeks
wide open!

When she heard us come into the room the slave weakly recited " Sir, please use
my worthless holes, or whip my ass, it would make my Master happy."



With the help of the little slut I was out of my pants and into a ribbed condom
in a heartbeat. The naked slave started guiding my hard pecker into the blonde's
brown bud but I wanted to try her well-used and sensitive cunt. I just rammed
her to the hilt. She did not move her hands keeping her cheeks as open as
humanly possible. I grabbed each of her hips and started my slow deep fucking.
It took just a few strokes for my balls to be covered with her natural
lubricant.

I only detected some low throaty moans escape her. But when I thought I was
slippery enough I pressed my cock steadily home, she let out a gasp that was
heard in the living room.
"Ahhhhhhh Yess Sir!" she gasped out.

I was the first of the day to take her in the ass, and I took advantage of it. I
fucked her as rough as I could, as it was punishment! As I gained momentum I
started slapping each cheek in turn.

By the time I finished the little slave was booting up another hard cock and
there was one more Viagra cock waiting. By the time the evening came and we went
I had her ass one more time and fucked her mouth until she swallowed my
dwindling load.

The Viagra did its job; she took each cock in her ass and a couple twice. The
punishment seemed to turn into more pleasure, as the slave had never been fucked
that much before. Yes she was sore and had to nurse her whip marks for a few
days.

But the slave did learn her lesson; she was obedient, thoughtful and told her
Owner the absolute truth, until the next week that is!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





