BDSM Library - The Forging of Maya




The Forging of Maya
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A tale of castles and lords when women were trained to serve as slaves.
 The Forging of a Maya( Chapter 1) by sinsationalsub

Copyright 2002

A tale of castles and  lords  where  women are forged into sex slaves to serve
their owners.


    Maya stretched her legs and splashed the water on her smooth soft body. How
she loved taking a bath in the cool stream tucked away cozily in the glade.  She
was alone.  It felt so good to be unclothed and naked in the open.  She giggled
and rolled in the water letting it caress her breasts and inside her thighs. 
She loved being alone to do with her body as she wanted.  She knew how to make
herself feel like a woman and she took advantage of those moments.   Reaching
womanhood for her had meant the budding of softly sensuous breasts, rounded and
firm with nipples that were explosively sensitive and the shaping of her sex
with the beautiful little nubbin that separated her from the rest of the world
of women.  It, upon finding it at an early age, would flutter and swell making
her pant and cry into the night for the filling of the opening beneath it.  It
was so puckered and tight that she could hardly get a finger into herself but
always tried.  She knew she needed more and  her mother had told her that a man
would need it and use it for himself. He would thrust himself upon her and push
his manly organ into her there, painful though it would be, to claim her for his
own.  How she longed for that moment! She felt she was ready because this
yearning came over her now and again which made her touch herself to release the
craving she had.  She watched the women in the market place giggle about their
husbands slaking their lust upon them. All women here knew their rightful place
and Maya was anxious to find hers with a man she could adore!

     She turned in the water and stretched again and her legs came down as she
opened her sex to the world above her. She loved to pretend her Lord was
standing over her making the little bud push out from its hiding place for him
to ravage.  She deliberately reached to play across her womanly lips, very pink
and very thin, allowing all that was between to be seen.  How she loved the
water to touch her there!  It was cool and just the right temperature to nibble
at the bud and make her want to touch it.  Her finger made contact with it and
she stiffened, then relented to let the tormenting begin as she let her finger
encircle it and make figure eights on it.  It was nice and slippery now from the
juices that had welled up inside her spilling over into the water   She
delighted in the rubbing of it, for it swelled and stuck out more as if as if it
were standing to beg and plead for more of her torturous fondlings. How
delicious this felt! To open herself to the world to see her writhe in the
water. To reach that secret place she knew only too well when her body gave up
and her back arched thrusting her breasts up high into the air, and inside her
thighs pulsed with wanton desire for a man to fill her.  She could feel the
welling up inside of her as she tormented the little cherry until its skin was
tight and full, the blood rushing there to fill it.  She sucked in her breath
and held it as the waves of convulsing started making her bottom pound the water
and the crescendo of her passion rose  to reach  the clouds above her then
spilling over and falling into the big chasm of darkness where lust knew no end. 
She quivered and quaked outwardly begging for the filling.

     Opening her eyes, it was over as quickly as it came.  She felt emptyand so
unfulfilled. Sighing, she turned to see a small deer gazing at her as if it
understood her frustration. She smiled and reached to pet it.  It came closer. 
She gently rubbed its head.  There was an understanding between the two just as
if the deer knew her longing and her desires.  A rustle of leaves broke the
silence between them.  Maya  glanced up.  She saw the trees moving  around the
bend just a short distance from her and quickly moved her hands to cover her
nakedness.

 "Who is there?" she called.  Dead silence.  She heard a horse galloping away.

    Her face turned a bright crimson and she jumped up to put her clothes back
on.  Oh no, she thought.  I have done the unpardonable.  If it was a horse, then
it was a man, and he had viewed her openly.  She would be labeled as a wench, a
wanton slut, and it would be told in the village.  Her naked treasures exposed
in the open.  He had cast his eyes upon them and seen them.

     It was well known that she was NOT to allow it.  No man was allowed to view
her or touch her treasures until he had earned the right.  No woman in her right
mind would allow such before the marriage ceremony.  Oh my, she thought.  She
ran back to the village distraught and worried of what lay ahead for her. 
Whoever it was would surely tell it and she would be cast out, never having the
opportunity to explain.  She crawled into her bed and sleep was hard in coming. 
She could not help the desire within her.  She was helpless to what lay ahead.


    The sweetness of slumber was brutally interrupted as Maya  heard the distant
noise of footsteps. There were lots of them, outside her door.  She rose to see
the door ripped open and guards rush into her room.  They held her down and
bound her hands and feet. She was roughly gagged to muffle her screams in the
night. A hood was placed over her head and tied around her neck.. Frantic, she
fought them, to no avail.  She was quickly thrown over a massive shoulder and
taken from the room.  She had no idea where her father was.  Why didn't he come? 
Why didn't he save her?  Were these robbers who had come to  steal and pillage? 
Was she going to be killed?  She had but a sheer cloth covering her. It was a
worn and tattered tunic that was worn for sleeping only.  She heard no cries of
her mother and father.  Were they dead?  Even though tightly bound, she fought,
kicked and made loud noises trying to break free.  The strong arms that carried
her made her look frail and small. Her fighting useless was useless.   She felt
herself being wrapped in a blanket as the  night air pierced her skin. She heard
an exchange of words. Her head was swimming with the shock of this crime against
her.  She felt herself being thrown over a horse with a strong hand on her back
holding her there. The horse begin to trot and then broke into a gallop as she 
pulled against the ropes that tied her.  She continuously moaned and tried to
bite the gag in her mouth. Oh, she would fight and never let anyone get away
with this, she thought.  She feared for her life but she would be a formidable
opponent for anyone.  She had a constitution of brass and would relent to no
one.  Whoever abducted her would have a handful she swore!  If she lived, that
is.  The trodding of the horse bounced her and shook her.  She finally relaxed a
little thinking she would save her energy for later to unleash it at the right
time.  She felt the huge hand slide to hold her and it came to rest on her
buttocks. She felt a rough squeeze there which made her face blush and her legs
kick.  She heard a chuckle.

    "Don't fight it, you little vixen, you.   My Lord has sent for you.  You
cannot fight him."

     With that she kicked more.  What Lord?  She knew no Lord.  Well Lord or no
Lord, he was in for it.   The words did allay her fears of losing her life, or
did it?  It seemed the galloping went on forever.  They must have traveled a far
distance for she felt the stallion beneath her sweat and pant when they came to
a halt.  He appeared exhausted.  Words  were exchanged and she was lifted down
and her hood removed.

       She looked into the darkness barely able to make out any face. Yes, they
were guards. She turned to look around her.  She gasped.  Rising above the water
was a huge castle, sinister and sullen looking in its presentation.  Her eyes
widened.  The foreboding structure  looked as if it rose out of the water to
cast its shadow upon it. For but a brief moment, she thought she saw  a light in
one of the windows and the figure of a demon in one of its towers.  Stark terror
and confusion began to engulf her.  She was lifted to resume her place over a
huge shoulder.   She felt herself being carried quickly over the moat as the
great massive door  creaked and groaned and allowed her to  disappear inside.

      She could smell dampness as if in a tunnel underground. The faint
trickling of water echoed through the thick smell. Then she heard  the heavy
squeak of an iron door opening.  Her cries continued now turning to tears and
sobs.  Where was she?  What would happen to her?  No one acknowledged her sobs
even as loud as they were.  Who were these people?  Stark terror and confusion
were engulfing her.  She had a terrible foreboding of what was to come.  She
heard more words.  One voice came  into hearing range. It was a  woman's
voicetelling the guard to lay her on a marble table.  She was tossed onto it in
the midst of her sobs and again tried to kick. She felt her legs being unbound. 
She thought now is my chance..   Her feet began flailing around hitting their
target and hearing a loud grunt she rose to escape only to be grabbed and
slammed back down onto the cold table. The large hands held her down tightly

    "This one is a spitfire! Stop it, slave!" she heard him say.

    Then she  heard  the rattle of chains. CHAINS?????  Anklets were wrapped
around her ankles. First one ankle clicked into place and then the other.  She
tried to lift her feet again but they were halted by the rattle of the hook they
were fastened to.   What had the man called her?  SLAVE???   Only slaves were
bound.  She was not a slave. Not to anyone!!! Her hands were unbound and cuffed 
to her side.  A thin blanket was thrown over  her. She was shivering.

    She cried out..."Why? What are you doing? Let me go!!" 

     The room was cold and damp.  She lifted her head to look and saw that she
was in the middle of a candlelit room.  The candles were very bright.  A woman
was shutting the door as the guards took their leave.  A fire was in the hearth. 
It had obviously just been kindled and set aflame because the room was so cold.. 
She could not see well after being hooded  and could not make out the woman that
then turned back to her basin of water  she was preparing.

     Maya bellowed again. "What is happening?  Who are you?  What am I doing
here?"

    The woman turned to come closer to her. She was old and gray-haired. Her cap
and apron were white and her dress black. She looked crisp and clean.

   "Hello ma'lady. Did ye have a nice trip?  I am here to make ye calm and to
prepare ye to meet   ye new Lord."  She reached and patted Maya on the shoulder.

   "Prepare me?.....for what?....for who????  Why was I taken in the night away
from my parents and from my home in the village?"

    The woman smiled,  "Ahhhhhhh,,,you see m'Lord favors ye. He wishes ye to
visit a while.  He can be kind but he can also be  a hard taskmaster. I have
been with him for many years. I was a young thing once myself. I belonged to his
father. He was a feisty one. The family owns much land and they are very
powerful. Ye will have no choice, dear maid. It is the way it is.  You must obey
him.  We all do."

    "Who is this Lord?  What is his name? Why does he want me?  I know no Lord! 
Let me go! Now!! Do you hear me?"

     The woman retorted,  "Ohhhhh m'Lady, I cannot. I must not. Ye will know,
all in good time. I must obey m'Lord. I should lose my life if I do not!  You
will be cared for but do not go against him.  He is giant of a man and he will
punish you!"

     Maya could not believe her ears.  Who was this man? Where did he come from? 
How did he know her?  Her head swimming with questions. She was so distraught
and confused.

    The woman stepped closer.  She reached for  the blanket that covered Maya's 
tired  body. She pulled it off. The thin tunic was indeed not enough to cover
her nakedness.

  Shuddering Maya begged for cover.  "Oh please, I am cold, do not take the
blanket away!"

  "I must," the woman said.  "I have my orders m'lady. I must prepare ye for
m'Lord.  He gave me strict orders on how to prepare ye for him upon your first
meeting."

  She reached to lift the tunic up above Maya's breasts, uncovering them in the
chilled room. Her nipples strutted at the coldness and stood up pert and firm. 
Maya pulled at her restraints and arched her body.  She froze when she heard the
rattle of the key in the door and watched a guard enter.

  "OH MY GOD...COVER ME!" she screamed.

  Neither the old woman nor the guard heard her. Her nakedness was so displayed
in the damp room.  The guard did look her over and he stared at her for a
moment, then turned to leave.  He stepped outside the door, but he did not close
it. He turned to his side and stood quietly fixed there. God he could see her!
Maya whimpered knowing that she was tied and so helpless.  Her body ached from
the horse ride.  She longed for her warm be .and for sleep to return.  The woman
went about her task very relaxed. Maya  made so much noise that she had to be
gagged again.

   Basin beside her, the woman bathed Maya's body rubbing her breasts and
encircling her nipples. Then she took  a  small brush to them scrubbing the
nipples diligently as the guard turned to watch when he heard Maya's screams of
anguish and humiliation.

  "Nipples nice and red..m'Lord ordered"  the woman said taking each nipple in
her fingers and pushing the brush back and forth on its tip.

  Maya cried,  whimpered, and grimaced beneath the rough scrape of the brush on
her nipples. Her body rose and fell on the table  The guard watched and smiled.

    "My name is Rhia." the woman said.

   The gag was choking her. The pain welled up from her nipples. Surely they
were bleeding.   Once Rhia let go of them, Maya looked down.  Her nipples were
so erect and crimson. They were very swollen and standing straight up. She had
never seen them that big or that red before. . They hurt.  Oh how they hurt. She
could see the brush marks on them.  Rhia busied herself with unhooking the ankle
hooks. Maya noticed the guard staring at her.  STOP IT, SHE THOUGHT, STOP IT.

  Hot tears ran down her temples  and hit her hair line.  She was pinned like an
animal and could not move. She tried to scream but it was only muffled by the
gag.  She felt her ankles being pulled up and pushed over her abdomen and hooked
above her breasts to dangle from another chain over her.  She sobbed.  Her
bottom was  exposed like a piece of meat.  THE GUARD!! HE WAS DOWN THERE!!  Her
eyes pleaded with Rhia to cover her exposed flesh, so open now and wide.  Rhia
never saw her pleas and ignored her groanings. She just went to fetch an oil
lamp to put it near her bottom.  Maya began to thrash about now and pull at the
chains. NO, NO, NO,DO NOT DO THIS. DO NOT TOUCH ME THERE.I AM NOT A PIECE OF
MEAT HANGING FOR THE SLAUGHTER Maya thought.

    The gag smothered her cries and she watched Rhia unlock the door and two
guards came in. Her cries and sobs shattered the room.  The guards came on
either side of her and unhooked her ankles and proceeded to hold them in the
same position. She could not move!  They were going to hold her down!   Rhia
went to work on her. She bathed Maya's legs and feet working her way up her
thighs.  She felt the lips of her sex being spread wide as Rhia washed her
orifices. She cleaned and scrubbed each one.  The guards watched and looked
across at each other and smiled. Tears dribbled down her cheeks as she closed
her eyes to keep from feeling the humiliation of it all. But the guards watched
each task.

   She again felt her lips being opened wide and pinned back as water flowed
over her sex.  Maya began wiggling on the table. The washing of her genitals
made her feel the yearning again. When she felt the hood being retracted on her
small bud her mutterings rose to a crescendo under the gag. She cringed and
gripped her bonds.  She felt her little nubbin being stretched out by Rhia's
experienced hands and then the sharp scraping of the brush on it. One of the
guards caught Maya's eyes and winked at her. She blushed crimson knowing that
both men could see the her entire sex. She had started to feel moisture there
with the water flowing over it which made it more embarassing for her. Maya
shrieked through the gag as the brush went back and forth grinding down on
little bud.

   "Sorry dear," Rhia said  "but m'Lord has his orders.  I must obey. This won't
take long.  Should be glowing like a cherry any minute. Ye have a nice little
fat cherry here. M'Lord likes 'em big and  swollen. "  Maya wailed until Rhia
was through. She had never been so displayed so matter of factly or touched so
roughly. The guards watched it all.  Maya  was so ashamed. and so humiliated.
She was left to lay there in the darkness. Rhia pulled her tunic back down and
covered her with the blanket.  Her ankles had again been cuffed to the table
side by side as before.  Maya stared at the ceiling for hours.   Her tears still
flowing down the sides of her face. Her nipples and sex were on fire from the
scrubbing.  She knew she was bruised for life.  She would never be the same. 
She finally drifted unconscious into a deep sleep.

      Sleep was fitfull and treacherous.  She could not move so she was very
uncomfortable.  She was startled awake by a dark figure standing over her
watching her sleep. She squinted her eyes to see who it was. The room smelled of
fresh leather.  His silhouette came in to view.  His presence was ominous. His
huge, massive frame filled the room. He wore a black leather hood over his head.
Maya could only make out the flash of his eyes as the candlelight flickered in
them. His hand resting on his sword at his side.  He stared at her. She froze.
He was looking straight through her.  She felt an icy chill spread over her.
.She cringed, afraid to speak as the gag had been removed. There was dead
silence in the room. His eyes cut through her.   She felt consumed and raped by
those eyes. It was pure lust that glared at her.

   All sense of reality left her for a moment and she allowed  herself  to be
ravaged by them.  She could not remove her eyes from his stare. They captured
hers and held it. She began to feel  a tingling inside her.  He stood transfixed
beside her and she stared  transfixed at him.




The Forging of Maya(Chapter 2) by sinsationalsub

     Restlessly Maya stared into those sinister, compelling eyes.  His face was
shadowed by the hood he was wearing.  She thought she saw a faint smile turn the
corners of his mouth.  He was looking at her with a glint in his eye.  It made
cold chills run down her spine. She felt weak.

  "Well...well....well...what have we here?" he snarled in an ominous, almost
sarcastic voice. "A fine little wench, eh?." He chuckled.

     She did not like his demeanor at all. It was foreboding.

     Maya could not help herself.

  "Well, what do you think?" she snarled back.  "Why I am just a piece of meat
here waiting to be slaughtered and boiled!" 

     He actually smiled and reached to remove the blanket.  Feeling it slide
from her body, she cringed.  She had nothing on but the sheer tunic. She would
be before him as good as naked.  She whimpered a little as her face blushed with
embarassment at knowing there was nothing she could do about it.  She made fists
with her hands and pulled at her restraints.

      "Well, my dear, slaughtered and boiled is what you will be if you do not
cooperate with me!" he bit back.

      Throwing the blanket aside, he turned to peruse her human form, undressed
as it was. She watched his eyes.  They travelled down her neck and came to rest
on her breasts.

      (No, she thought.  This is not happening. It is not.) 

     She closed her eyes to not see his adamant penetrating gaze at her breasts
.

     She felt the tunic being lifted again.

      Thoughts raced through her mind.

      (OHHHHHHHH!   Pleeeeeease no! Never been done like this before   Noooo,
don't do this!) Her body cried for cover.

      Nevertheless, she felt the material of the tunic being lifted and worked
up to her neck  Once there, it rested around her neck  and her nakedness was
exposed.  She pushed her thighs together.   She could not stand it.

      She bellowed, "Stop!! Stop!! You have no right!  I am not a slave.  I am a
woman from the village.  You must show me proper respect! Cover me now!!!"

      She opened her eyes again to challenge him, only to feel his hands
kneading the flesh of her chest.  Fire shot from her gaze. She began to squirm
trying to move  away so his hands would not touch her flesh but he firmly rubbed
and reached to wrap his strong fingers around her nipples and pulled them
harshly straight up until her back had to arch to catch up with them.  He
chuckled and rolled them in his fingers as he stretched them out straight.

     (Breathe!  Maya thought.)

    Harder he pinched until she was crying out begging him to stop and cover
her.  He   smiled, continuing his feeling of her flesh as she protested.  His
hands moved lower.  Her eyes widened.

    (Oh my god!!  Not this.  Nooooooo ! Oh  please do not go there.  Do not
touch me there!)

    Maya's mind was flooded with protests.

     "Pleaseeeeee!"  she cried out,  "Show me mercy Sir.  Do not do this!  I am
but a simple woman.   I am not used to being treated like this...oh please do
not!"  Her words fell into sobs. She was  desperate to stop him.

      It did not work.  He continued as if looking at an acquired animal
checking it out to see if  it was worth the price he had paid.

   "Rhia did a good job on you. Your nipples  are nice and red. They are
glowing.  They distend nicely and are very ripe!"  he was laughing as he said
it. He was enjoying himself.  She could tell.

    "Oh they hurt...please stop!" she begged.

     She felt his hands on her ankles as he unhooked an ankle and moved it to
another hook. She was horrified. Her legs were now spread.

    Maya began begging.  "Please do not do this.  I need to go home. Please do
not touch me so intimately.  I do not belong to you." she pleaded.

     Click! The other ankle moved and hooked.   A wave of madness grabbed her. 

     "You are a mean and cruel man! Stop it! NO ONE is allowed to see me there."

      "Well, my little wench.  You might as well get used to it.  You are mine
now, and you will serve me. You will satiate all of my whims and frivolities.
Anything I so choose for you to do, you will do and I will enjoy. You are my
slave now and I plan to own you and your body!!"

       He was leaning over looking at her womanhood and smiling lewdly at it. A
wicked, lustful glow spread over his face..

    "HMMMMMM, nice, thin, pouty lips.  Ahhhhh but what is inside?  Shall we look
to see what I own now?" His voice was choked with lust.

      Her sobs got louder as she felt the lips being torn open and cool air
hitting the inner slit of her sex. When she did not think that she could be
pulled open any wider, she was.   She was furious and filled with such mixed
emotions.  She looked down at him.  He glanced up at her and she spat at him.

      He responded by pulling her wider and running his finger through the moist
slit. Maya cried out. His finger touched everything. He opened  her  testing 
her orifices  and rubbing across the wondrous button of her sex..

    "OHHHHh."  he said gleefully,  "Did I just see it quiver?  Are we enjoying
ourselves wench?"  He let out a roar of laughter at her.  

     Tears stung her eyes.  Yes her body was responding.  It was not of her own
free will. That he would never have!  She felt the orifice dampen and  pulsate
at his rape of it.  She felt the slippery moistness as his finger slide inside
to probe her.

      Another time, another place she would have liked it immensely but not now. 
Not when she was being forced.  He played across her  little rigid button  and 
shoved a finger up to retract the covering of her jewel, the hood.

     "Ohhhhhh my!"  he chided "What have we here? (pinching it hard)  A nice
enlarged little organ all for the taking..eh? Why, wench, it is protruding,
engorged, and very pink!"  He tickled her wickedly and she jumped.

      "I am going to enjoy teasing this!"  His finger grazed slippery over the
little erect bud. Maya writhed.

    Her orifice  was getting wetter for some strange reason.  Her sobs  were
still penetrating the room.  He pulled her legs higher to expose her openings. 
Her sobs got louder.

     He inserted, pumped, tickled, and pushed his finger in and out of her.  To
see how she would receive him,so he said. All the while, Maya sobbed, so
humiliated.  She had never been looked at like this. She had never been
displayed  so wantonly or so openly.  Was this the way it was to be with a man?

      She was enraged inside.

      With one last spread of her orifice and looking inside her again, he spoke
to her.

    "You are here to be my slave. I have a craving for you.  I have seen you
before in the glade." he said.

     (Maya froze.  Oh my god!   This was the person she heard leaving on
horseback while she was bathing! Oh no. He had seen her touch and display
herself!)

      "I saw you touch yourself.  I saw you cry out in lust.  I saw your
treasures being stroked.  I will own you now and I will stroke them and give you
what you need as a woman.  You will serve me.   You have nipples and a sex made
for a man.  I will be that man.  I am going to use you in every way possible!You
will belong to me.  I will choose when you show yourself and when you do not.  I
will decide when you pant and moan.  I will decide what I want to see of you and
I will examine you often.  Your body is mine now.  You will be loyal and devoted
to me!  I demand it!"

     He was unhooking her ankle.  She thought quickly and jerked kicking  him in
the chest pushing him back on the floor.  He stood only to feel her foot sharply
kick him in the chin again. Maya was fighting for her freedom.  No man would own
her.  If he did, it would be in the right way as her Mother had told her.  Her
legs flailed about hitting him where she could. 

     "YOU WILL LET ME GO!" she screamed at the top of her lungs  "YOU WILL NOT
USE ME! I WILL NOT BE A SLAVE TO YOU! LET ME GOOOOOOOO!!"

      He moved out of range of her foot then and grabbed it twisting it 
painfully.  Maya screamed as the pain seared into her leg.

      "You will pay for this, slave.  You will be sorry." he shouted at her.

     He quickly unhooked the wrist of the same side as the foot he held and
turned her over and hooked them so she was on her belly.  She was fighting and
kicking and  yelping.    She could not gain release.  She pulled at the shackles
and   fought hard.  They would not give.  He moved to her side then and showed
her a long-handled flogger that she had seen used before on other houseslaves
when they were disobedient in the village.  She gasped.

      "You will learn obedience  and you will learn it now!"  he raged.

      The next thing she felt was the leather tentacles of the flogger meeting
her flesh. They stung  her soft  bottom.  She screamed  as another and another
followed her body stiffening with each blow. 

     (Oh she would be scarred for sure, she thought.)

       The leather cut into her flesh on her buttocks.  He concentrated his
thrashes there.  She wiggled and tried to get away from the flogging.  It just
would not be.  She sobbed and begged for him to stop but he left her ass pink
and red and hot.

      She must she passed out, for she awoke to no one in the room.   He had
gone.  Her body burned and her flesh sizzled.  She immediately noticed the wet
spot on the table between her thighs...How?  Why? What did this mean?

      (You mean I like this?  She thought. No it cannot be.)

     But she could not deny the tingle and ache she felt in her sex. The wanton
lust was building there for release. She needed to touch it. She needed to 
stroke it to make herself  cum, but the shackles did not permit it.  She must
lay there and seethe.

      She drifted off to sleep.  Her body was  tormented  by feelings and
desires she had never had before.  She was totally confused.  Why did she like
this?  Why did the flogger searing into her flesh do this to her?  Why did this
man intrigue her so?

   She slept again fitfully craving more.  She craved the release she knew so
well.  Maya wanted to throb and quake and pant.  Her body would not deny her. 
She knew that. She would do her best to resist. In fact , she  was horrified at
the thought of liking this man.  Who was he?  Why did he want her so?  She would
soon find out.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sinsationalsub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





