BDSM Library - Batteries Not Included




Batteries Not Included
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl is introduced to the pleasures of sex and submission at the hands of her roommate and a pink vibe.
Batteries Not Included
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********


"Just wait till you see what I got this summer," Natalie 
said to her friend and roommate Jennifer.

It was a conversation that had happened every year in this 
same dorm room by different girls.  Usually one girl would 
show the other a dark tan or a picture of a boyfriend.  
This time it was something completely different.

Jen watched in amazement as her friend Natalie pulled out 
something entirely more wicked than a boyfriend's picture 
out from a hidden portion of her suitcase.  

"No - way -" said Jen.

"Way," said Natalie.  "My own personal fucktoy."

It was pink and the shape of it was a little different than 
what Jen thought a vibrator would look like.  This one had 
what appeared to be pearls of some sort near the top and 
some sort of protruding thing near the base.  It was the 
head that indicated what it really was.  A head that could 
only belong on a vibrator.

"Make sure the door is locked," said Natalie.

Jen went to lock the door, looking back, unable to take her 
eyes off the device in Natalie's hand.

"Come here and watch this," Natalie said.  She turned it on 
with the controller, which was on the battery pack, 
attached to the vibrator by a cord.  The vibe hummed in 
gentle vibration.  "Go ahead, touch it."

Jen hesitated at first.  After all, she was certain where 
it had been at one time or another, but eventually her 
curiosity won out and she touched it.  It felt soft--almost 
flesh-like.  It was strange, but the vibrations weren't 
coming from the penis shaped part as she imagined it would, 
but from the protuberance at the bottom.

"The bunny vibrates," Natalie said.  "His little ears go 
around your clit.  It's awesome . . . but wait, there's 
more."  She pushed another button on the control.

Jen gasped.  The vibrator moved!  It twisted and turned, as 
the tiny pearls clacked against one another as they rotated 
inside.  She looked closer.  Oh, there's the bunny!  She 
could see its head on the tiny knob at the bottom.  "This 
is so cool," she said, touching it again, but very lightly, 
as if she were afraid it would bite her.  Down below, she 
felt herself warming up, getting wet at the thoughts of 
what this wicked device could do, of how it would feel 
inside her.  She wanted to try it.  She was already making 
plans to get it while Natalie was in class.

"Do you want *really* feel it?" Natalie asked.

Jen blushed.  Yes, she wanted to feel it.  She just didn't 
want to admit it, but she found herself nodding her head.

"Spread your legs," Natalie said, taking the vibe and 
rubbing the vibrating rabbit along Jen's thigh.

Jen grabbed Natalie by the wrist.  "Can I hold it?"  She 
wanted to feel the vibe, but she didn't want Natalie 
touching her down there.  It was wrong enough as it was, 
but she knew the other was just plain sinful.

"No, you'll just break it or something, you clutz.  
Besides, this is a toy for big girls."  Natalie continued 
to run the vibe up and down along Jen's thigh, going higher 
and higher each time, until eventually the vibe hummed on 
the top of her roommate's panties.

I'm a big girl, Jen fumed.  Where does she get off?  She's 
only a few months older than me.

"Feels nice, doesn't it?" Natalie asked.

Yes, it did feel nice.  Even though the vibrations were 
diluted by her panties, it still felt yummy.  But Jen knew 
this was wrong - so wrong.  She understood why her elders 
said to stay away from things like this.  She thought 
things like this were harmless, but she knew it wasn't 
harmless anymore.  Not only were they wicked, they made her 
want to do wicked things.  Things she would have never 
imagined doing.  

Her pussy was gushing now.  It was hot and hungry.  It 
wanted to feel that bunny right on her clit and there 
wasn't a damn thing she could do to stop it.  Her mind 
screamed SIN!   SIN!  But even as it did so, she licked her 
lips, leaned back on her hands, and spread her legs.  My 
God, what is happening to me, she thought.

"Oh yes, that's my girl," Natalie breathed.  She ran the 
bunny along the slit of Jen's panties.  "That feels even 
better, I bet."

Jen couldn't argue.  The white cotton of her panties was 
soaked through.  She was wet.  Her musky scent filled the 
air and she prayed Natalie wouldn't notice.  She shivered 
inside at the thought of what her roommate was doing to 
her.

"Wow," Natalie exclaimed, pulling the white cotton into 
Jen's slit, the girl's plump pussy gorging on them and 
slobbering sex juice down her thighs.  "I've never seen 
anyone get so wet."

Jen wanted to stop.  This had gone way too far, but she was 
hopeless against her growing arousal.  She moaned as her 
roommate continued to toy with sex.

Natalie smiled wickedly.  She had never imagined it would 
be this easy to seduce her roommate, but she didn't just 
want to seduce Jen - she wanted more.  She felt herself 
warming inside at the thought.  

"God, you're so wet, I think I'll gonna call you Juicy," 
Natalie said.  "You don't' mind if I call you Juicy, do 
you?"

Jen blushed.  Yes, she minded, she just wasn't in a 
position to argue.  Not with her legs spread, her panties 
pushed into her sex, and her roommate running the 
vibratror.  She refused to look at her roommate, refused to 
answer.  

Natalie removed the vibe from her roommate's slit.  "I 
didn't hear you?"

"Yes," Jen admitted.  "You- you can call me . . . Juicy."  
Had she just said that?  Surely she didn't.  The 
humiliation was driven from her mind by the return of the 
vibrating bunny.

"It's fun playing with you like this Juicy.  I like 
watching you squirm around and gush all over the place," 
Natalie said.  "But you know what?  I think I want to play 
a different kind of game.  This game's called 'Natalie 
says'.   If I say, Natalie says, you hafta do what I say.  
Otherwise, you don't.  Just two simple rules.  Even a juicy 
little airhead could remember them.  You can remember them, 
can't you Juicy?"

"Yes, I can remember," Jen whined, her cheeks turning a 
bright scarlet.  She didn't like the way Natalie had 
started treating her, but her body craved the wonderful 
feelings in her sex.  "Let's stop.  Okay?  I don't want to 
play."

"Natalie says, take off your shirt."

"Please, we should stop," Jen feeble protested, but at the 
same time her shaking fingers clumsily undid the buttons of 
her starched oxford shirt and tossed it carelessly to the 
floor.

"Natalie says, take of your skirt."

"This is wrong," Jen pleaded, even as she lifted her bottom 
off the bed and slipped her short pleated skirt to her 
feet.

"Natalie says, pucker up."

Before the words even set in, Natalie was kissing her 
slender roommate, probing her mouth with her agile tongue.  
Jen realized she was being kissed by a girl, even kissing 
her back.  It was wrong, but it felt so right.  She felt a 
pang of disappointment when it ended.

"Natalie says, take off your bra."

'I need to stop.  I need to stop,' Jen repeated in her 
head.  She took off her bra and made up her mind that this 
was as far as she would go.  Kissing and fondling was 
sinful, but it wasn't really sex, was it?

Her nipples, hard already, now even more so due to the cold 
drafty room.  

"A little small," Natalie said, making Jen blush with 
shame.  "But pretty nipples.  They look hard.  I bet they 
are really sensitive.  Pucker up."

Jen turned her head and opened her mouth as Natalie 
descended.  She closed her eyes, ready and willing for the 
kiss, but instead of pleasure, she felt the shock of pain 
as her nipple was harshly pinched between Natalie's 
fingers.

"Owww!" she cried.  Fuck that hurt!  What did that bitch 
Natalie think she was doing?

Natalie grinned wickedly.  "I didn't say, Natalie says."  

'Bitch!' Jen thought, as she rubbed the pain out of her 
sore nipple.  She realized the stakes had been raised in 
this simple game.  Not only would there be pleasure, but if 
she failed, there would be punishment as well.  She felt 
her sex surge with wetness in anticipation.  

"Natalie says, spread your legs."

Jen didn't know if her roommate would pinch her for failing 
to obey, but obey she would; if she wanted feel the 
vibrator again.  She relented and spread her slender legs 
and Natalie obliged with the vibrator.  However, instead of 
running the bunny along the slit of Jen's crotch,   Natalie 
bumped the mushroom-shaped head against the opening of her 
sex, pushing the thin cotton even further into the mouth of 
her femininity.  Each time the phallus struck home, it made 
Jen gasp and yearn for more, hungry to feel it inside.

"Take off your panties, Jenny.  Quickly."

Jen pulled them down, gasped as the fabric pulled free of 
her nether lips.  It wasn't until they dangled from her 
ankle she realized she had gone further than she promised 
herself she would.  Worse, Natalie hadn't said, Natalie 
says.  Her hands flew to protect her breasts.

"I didn't say Natalie says, did I?" Natalie asked.

Jen shook her head, unable to meet her roommate's eyes.

"Dummy, you need to pay attention to what I'm saying, not 
those dirty little thoughts in your empty little noggin my 
juicy girl.  Now, Natalie says, move your hands."

Jen didn't want to, even as she reluctantly moved her hands 
to her sides.  She knew what was going to happen.  She knew 
it would hurt and she even knew she could stop what was 
happening from going any further.  She could just get up 
and unlock the door.  Threaten to tell one of the sisters.  
But if she did, the game would stop and it would never 
start again.  

Natalie took her roommate's nipple between her thumb and 
forefinger.  Goosebumps covered her ivory flesh.  

"Natalie says, pucker up."

When Jen opened her mouth, Natalie smothered her with her 
own, pinching and pulling the girl's tiny hard nub of flesh 
as she did so.  

Natalie had thoughts about girls before.  She liked the way 
they looked, their rounded shoulders and slender necks, 
their large eyes and pretty mouths.  She had kissed a few 
before, even touched a few.  She had liked it.  But nothing 
she had ever done had prepared her for this; of having a 
girl, a girl who obeyed, squirming in her arms, as she 
inhaling her squeal of pain.  It made her giddy.  It made 
her HOT.  She broke the kiss and grinned at the dazed, 
helpless condition of her roommate - her new toy.

"Natalie says, knees to your chest."

Jen obeyed.  Even though she knew what was going to happen.  
Knew that for forever more, this would be her first sexual 
experience, and it would be with another girl and a 
vibrating dildo.  Her dreams of the perfect honeymoon were 
over, but God help her, this had her hotter than any 
honeymoon fantasy ever had.  

Jen brought her arms behind her knees and hugged them 
tightly to her chest.  She was exposed - exposed and 
available for whatever devious thought Natalie had in mind.

"God, you're wet, my Juicy girl.  You love this don't you?"

Her face burning in humiliation, Jen nodded her head in 
admission.

"Then say it," Natalie said sternly.

"I-I love it," Jen stammered.

"And what do you want me to do with the pink bunny Juicy 
Jenny?"

Jen felt the heat rising in her face.  She suddenly felt 
very small, very weak.  "Make love to me."

Natalie bent down until her face was only inches from her 
roommate's.  She continued teasing the girl's sex with the 
vibrator.

"You mean fuck you, don't you?"

"yes. . ."

"Then say it." 

"Fuck me.  Please." Jen tried to kiss the young red-head, 
but Natalie only moved out of the way.

"You want me to bunny fuck you?"

"Yes.  Oh God yes, please bunny fuck me."

"Bunny fuck what?  Your mouth, your cunt, or your ass.  
Tell me where you want Mr. Bunny."

Jen only wanted to feel the pleasure; she didn't care for 
having to ask for such things.  These things were just 
supposed to happen and the words Natalie used, they were so 
sinful, so dirty.

"My pookie," Jen said as she stretched her lithe body, 
pushing her hips toward the pink vibrator.

"Look at you Jenny.  You're dripping down your thighs.  I 
can see your hungry lips.  No, my juicy girl, that doesn't 
look like a pookie to me.  What does it look like to you?  
Tell me what you see."

Jenny blinked away her tears.  She looked below at her 
matted blonde triangle of hair.  Saw the puffy aroused lips 
of her sex.  Saw the moisture clinging to her thighs.  Yes, 
Natalie was right, it wasn't a pookie, it was . . . "My 
cunt.  Please Natalie, bunny fuck my cunt.  Do whatever you 
want with me."

"Good girl," Natalie said.  Her pink tongue darted out from 
between her lips and it danced with her roommate's.  
However, as Jen tried to complete the kiss, Natalie pulled 
away.  She grinned as she looked at the innocent form of 
her roommate.  "Natalie says, *take the bunny*."

Finally, something Jen didn't have to think about.  All she 
had to do was lay there and be fucked by the vibrator, but 
even that was no easy matter.  It was big - much bigger 
than her finger.  She didn't think she could take it at 
first, but it went in easily and Natalie wasn't pushing the 
whole thing in.  Just a few inches, only a little more than 
the head.  The problem was, Natalie pulled it all the way 
out with every thrust, before pushing it back in.  With 
every thrust, it would stretch her opening and then as it 
went in, it felt more comfortable, felt as if it were 
filling her up.  Then just as she wanted more, it would 
only be pulled out again and the process would start over.

Jen yearned for more.  She wanted it deeper.  She wanted to 
feel the bunny vibrating against her clit.  She wanted - 
she didn't want it to be pulled out after every thrust, 
which was what was happening.  She opened her eyes to meet 
her roommate's harsh glare.  Natalie held the vibrator 
accusingly to her face.  

"Look what you've done you juicy bitch," she said.  "Christ 
you've made a wet mess of it."  Natalie put the head of it 
at Jen's mouth.  "Suck it clean."

Jen hesitated.  Natalie didn't say, Natalie says.  And she 
couldn't imagine submitting in such a degrading fashion, 
even thought the thoughts of it sent thrills of pleasure 
through her sex.

"I said suck it!"  

Natalie looked serious.  She was mad and it appeared to be 
Jen's fault.  Jen didn't want her roommate to be angry.  
She opened her mouth and took the rubber cock it.  It 
tasted of latex and the musk of her sex.  She wondered if 
she could taste the lingering traces of Natalie as she 
felated it for her roommate.

"I didn't say Natalie says, did I?"  Natalie smiled evilly, 
and tweaked one nipple and then the other, causing Jen to 
moan from around the cock stuffing her orifice.

Natalie pulled the dildo from her roommate's mouth with a 
pop.  "Natalie says, on your hands and knees."

And so it continued . .. .

"Natalie says arch your back.   Natalie says take the 
bunny.  Hump your hips - I didn't say Natalie says.  Let's 
see how far I can stretch these tiny nips this time.  
Natalie says suck dick.  Natalie says, on your back.  Knees 
to chest - I didn't say Natalie says, here take this. 
Natalie says pucker up.  Natalie says take the bunny.  
Natalie says, hand and knees.  Natalie says kiss her shoe.  
Natalie says, spread your cheeks."

Jen was in a haze.  A haze of sexual excitement.  She no 
longer cared if her roommate said Natalie said or not.  She 
just obeyed.  Taking the pain or pleasure the Natalie 
sought fit to give her.  To be honest, Jen couldn't tell 
the difference anymore.  But this last request to spread 
her cheeks penetrated her foggy lust-addled brain.  How 
much would be enough to satisfy her roommate's dark 
desires?  How much more of her sanity and pride would she 
be forced to give?  

She brought her hands to each cheek of her bottom, 
hesitated, and then opened herself up, exposing all her 
dirty secrets.

Natalie smiled as she watched her trembling roommate obey 
her.  Yes, slowly and methodically she would have her 
roommate, possess *every* part of her young body.  She 
pushed a fingertip against the tightly clenched hole.  
"Natalie says arse fuck," and pressed in with her finger.

"Ouch!" Jen cried. "Please, it hurts Natalie."

Natalie bent down and spit on the winking pucker, before 
returning the finger.  This time it slipped in.

"Oh God," Jen gasped.  "Ugh-ugh-"  She was being fucked in 
her bottom hole.  It hurt, but in a way, it also was 
arousing.  She wanted more.  Another sin.  She was losing 
track of the count.

"Natalie says, Bunny fuck."  With her other hand she fucked 
the blonde with the vibrating bunny.  She could feel it 
with the finger she had burrowed in Jen's ass.

And Jen could feel them both.  She was being fucked in two 
holes.  She was suffering from sensory overload.

"Natalie says, on your back."

While Jen obeyed, Natalie removed her soaked panties.  It 
was now or never.  It was time for Jen to learn what it 
meant to be her girl toy.

Jen knew what was happening as she watched her red-haired 
roommate step out of her panties.  Knew even as Natalie 
crawled onto the twin mattress and straddled her head 
between her freckled thighs.  Jen knew it was wrong, but 
how could anything so wrong, look as pretty and as sexy as 
the matted red triangle of hair covering the pinkest lips 
she had ever seen.  

"Lick me," Natalie said, as she smothered her roommate's 
face and even though she knew full well there was no way 
that Jen could refuse.  "I didn't say Natalie says."  She 
pinched the blonde's nipples, and was rewarded with a moan 
that vibrated deep in her sex.  

She bucked her hips.  "Faster you juicy little queer.  
Hurry - yes - lick me there on the clit."  She never ceased 
the torture of the poor girl's nipples.  They turned red 
under her ministrations.  They would be sore for days.  
"That's it.  Suck it baby- suck it.  Did I say Natalie 
says?  Take that you little bitch!"  Natalie tweaked her 
roommate's tortured nipples again, twisting and pulling at 
the same time.  "It hurts doesn't it?  I know it does.  It 
has to.  It's okay to cry.  I want you to.  I want to feel 
it in my cunt.  Ugh- oh- oh - oh - don't stop.  Harder - 
harder -oh that's it.  God I'm gonna cum.  Taste it.  Taste 
my cum you sweet bitch.  Drink it all - ah- ah- ahhhh."  

Natalie tensed, her muscles danced, this was it.  The 
orgasm.  The orgasm of all orgasms.  She knew even as she 
bucked and bit her hand to keep from screaming, that she 
would have to do this again.  Yes, she would do it time and 
time again.  

Finally, she got off.  Her legs trembled in the 
aftereffects of orgasm. "It's your turn Juicy."

Jen's heart leapt.  Yes!  It was her turn and she needed 
it.  God how she needed it.  She no longer cared if it was 
a sin.  She just wanted Natalie to lick her, to make her 
feel pleasure.

Jen expected Natalie to bend down and lick her pussy, but 
instead she was grabbed, pulled roughly out of bed, and 
pushed face-first against the mirror on the bedroom door.  
Natalie held the pink dildo up to her friend's face.

"Dirty girl, what it the meaning of this filthy thing you 
are trying to sneak into this school?"

Jen shrugged her shoulders.  She had no idea what was going 
on.  It wasn't even her vibrator.  "It's - yours."

"It's mine, is it?" Natalie said.  "Are you saying Sister 
Natalie has need of a vibrator?"

Sister Natalie?  Natalie wasn't a Sister.  She was only a 
student, just like her.  

"Say it then.  Say, Sister Natalie, that's your vibrator."

Even though it was only Natalie, Jen couldn't bring herself 
to say the words.  She stared at her breath as it fogged up 
the mirror.

"Then it must be someone else's, mustn't it?" asked 
Natalie.

Jen nodded her head.  

"How can we tell if you're lying," Natalie asked with a 
smirk.  "I know.  Let's see if it fits."  

The vibrator easily slipped into Jen's hungry sex.  All the 
way to the bottom.  It was the first time she felt its full 
length.  The rolling beads and the vibrating bunny working 
on her clit.  

"It fits perfectly you lying slut," Natalie accused.  "It 
belongs to you, doesn't it you juicy slut?  You bunny 
fucker.  You fornicator."  

"Ugh . . .yes," Jen moaned, humping her hips back.  

"Yes, *Sister*," Natalie corrected.

"Yes, Sister, it's mine," Jen gasped.

"Wait here while I think of a punishment for you." Natalie 
said, as she went in search for a few things, the pink 
dildo wiggling in her grasps as she went about her 
business.

Natalie returned with Jen's rosemary bead and her sodden 
panties.  

"Hands and knees," Natalie said and Jen sunk down to the 
hard tile floor.  "Now beg me to put my panties in your 
mouth to keep you quite."

Jen wasn't afraid of the taste.  After all, she had tasted 
plenty only minutes ago, but she was sure she would look - 
well stupid with panties in her mouth.  But if that's what 
Natalie wanted, if that's what she needed to do to play 
some more, well. . . "Please - ah- put your p-panties in my 
mmm-mouth," Jen stammered, before gasping in pain as her 
nipple was tugged again.  "Agh- Sister Natalie!" she added.

"Very good.  You're learning," Natalie said.  "Now, open 
up," she pushed the panties a Jen's lips.  "This should 
keep you quit so everyone doesn't learn what a deviant 
little slut you are."

Jen opened her mouth as Natalie pushed the sodden 
undergarment home.  The young blonde blushed even as her 
pussy spasmed.  She could taste the salty musk of her 
roommate in the cotton fabric.  God, it was so dirty.  
*She* was so dirty.

"Spread your cheeks," Natalie said and Jen tried to open 
her mouth. "No, your bottom cheeks, idiot."

Jen blushed deeply, then reached back and parted her bottom 
cheeks.  She couldn't believe she was doing this.  
Submitting to these dirty degrading things.  Couldn't 
believe how hot it made her.  She burned from the 
humiliation and she burned from guilt.  Certainly, she was 
going to hell for these perverted acts.  There weren't 
enough Hail Mary's in the world to make up for the sins she 
had engaged in this afternoon and even though there was no 
mention about it in the bible, she was quite certain God 
wouldn't like the fact that at this very moment, her rosary 
beads were being pushed up her arse by her red-haired 
roommate.  Nor would he like the fact that Jennifer loved 
every moment of it.

Natalie forced over half the strand of beads up her 
roommate's tightly clenched pucker, only stopping twice to 
spit on the tightly clenched hole for lubrication.  Next, 
she inserted the vibrating cock back in Jen's pussy.  She 
grabbed it, held it to her crotch, and began to fuck the 
young blonde. 

This was it.  This was heaven, both the girls thought at 
once.  

"Open your eyes," Natalie said, taking a handful of Jen's 
long blonde hair and pulling back.  

Jen opened her eyes.  Saw herself naked on her hands and 
knees, getting fucked.  Saw her fully clothed roommate 
fucking her from behind with a stare that said, 'You're 
mine'.  She knew deep down, that from this moment forward, 
things would be different, that she belonged to her red-
haired roommate.

"I know you can't talk, but nod your head up and down when 
you're going to cum," Natalie said.  "You understand me 
Juicy?"

Jen nodded once.  She understood.  She understood all too 
well that from now on, that her relationship with her 
roommate was changed forevermore.  Natalie was going to 
make her do things.  Dirty things.  Sexual things.  Things 
that humiliated and degraded her.  Things she wasn't 
supposed to enjoy but did.  Sinful things.  Secrets she 
could never ever tell in confession.  

She felt the orgasm start in her extremities and move 
toward her center in a wave of pleasure.  Tears fell from 
her eyes as she nodded her head in ecstasy.  Her body 
clenched, as unexpectedly Jen tugged the strand of rosary 
beads, causing her to clench the cock with her pussy and 
the beads with her ass.  She exploded in another wave of 
pleasure.  Dear God, another orgasm.  She sucked on the 
panties stuffed in her mouth.  

Again and again, the vibrating bunny, the rosary beads, 
Natalie's marvelous fingers.  They all extracted their 
quota from the inexperienced girl, causing her to cum again 
and again. 

Yes, things would certainly be different from now on.  
Natalie loved her new fuck toy and best, this one didn't 
even need batteries.

The End

***********

Author's note:  I was reading one of Jane Parks' stories 
where I got the idea for playing Simon says.  I thought it 
was hot and it gave me the idea for this story.  The last I 
saw Jane, I told her, "Couture says, take off your clothes.  
Couture says, hands and knees."  

Jane just looked at me, raised an eyebrow, which was 
thereafter followed by her extended middle finger.  

Oh well, if you enjoyed the story or, if unlike Jane, you 
want to play Couture says, write me and let me know.

***********

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, yada-yada . . . this work 
is copyright, yada-yada.  If you publish it without the 
author's permission, yada-yada, the author will sell your 
children as sex slaves in Serbia, and you will be forced to 
watch while your wife is impregnated by black men.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





