BDSM Library - Stress-Relief




Stress-Relief
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She find a different kind of freedom at the hands of a stranger.
Stress-Relief

For you, Master James, for the plot and being my muse for this story. Perhaps
someday, we will check this fantasy of our lists.


Your Geisha

* * *

You have been watching me for almost a week from afar. 7pm sharp - I arrive home
from university on the dot every day. I am good girl. I live all alone but I'm
disciplined, leaving men and drunken parties out of my life. You like good
girls. They are the best to break. Once you unleash their wild side, they are
the dirtiest sluts. Best of all, you know for sure that they have little ties
and little confidence with people so you do not have to worry about being
interrupted or found out. Before 7pm, my house would be completely empty, giving
you all the time in the world to do what you have planned.

Just once, once was all it took to make you obsessed with me. I forgot to close
your curtains one night when I was changing and you caught a glimpse of my tits.
I had taken off my top, massaging my neck, tired from the day's work. I didn't
know you were watching, my breasts jutting out proudly as if they were offering
themselves to you for the taking. From then on, you could not get my mind off me
for a second. Just the thought of the creamy, generous breasts that I hide under
loose jackets and sweaters made you hard constantly. You finally decide to make
me your prey today.

The day had been long and tiring. I am not a perfect student although I try
hard. But no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to do well enough. To add to
that, the popular girls seemed to enjoy giving me a hard time, gossiping behind
my back that I am a slut. I could not understand that. I didn't behave or dress
indecently enough for anyone to find fault. I even rejected advances from some
of their boyfriends because I did not want any trouble. Above all, I did not
want to get into a relationship because I had ambition and an obligation to my
parents. They had migrated but I chose to stay here to complete the best
education I could get. They relented eventually, even buying me this house.

The loneliness and pressure did get to me sometimes but I would be ok after
pleasuring myself in the privacy of my room. Although I was still a virgin, I
learnt early on in life to rub myself and induce mind-blowing orgasms with just
my fingers. I learnt the perfect combination of rubbing my clit and massaging my
breasts simultaneously. Sometimes, the shower jet helped. However, today, I was
just too depressed and tired to even do that. I just went straight to my room
and to bed without changing out, falling asleep almost instantly.

You waited for half an hour before entering my house without making a noise. You
found me sleeping soundly. Without warning, you climbed onto me, feeling the
soft material of my night-gown and the outline of me firm bare breasts under it
- the same breasts that drove you crazy all week only separated by a thin cloth
from you now. I almost immediately jerk into consciousness but you have me
securely pinned. I am still groggy from fatigue so I do not stand a chance and
blindfold you. Your weight presses down onto my body, making it hard to move or
struggle. I know you have me blindfolded and I am only vaguely aware of what
you're doing to me as you force my mouth open and gag me, drawing duct tape over
my lips to hold the cloth in.

My senses revive after a short while and I try to struggle from under you. I
scratch you and I know I have drawn blood. "Bitch, what the fuck!" You grab my
hair, causing a sharp pain in the back of my head and slap me hard across my
right cheek. "Fucking slut, you're definitely going to get hurt if you do that
again. I am warning you only once, play nice and we could both have some fun. If
you try to resist, I will not show you any mercy at all, do you understand?"
Your tone and the strength you have displayed scare me and I'm sobbing softly as
I nod. You enjoy seeing me submit to you, my face streaked by tears, my body
trying to relax despite the fear. It gives you such a high. Just knowing that
you have me at your will makes you harder than ever.

You pull my hands up over my head, binding my wrists together and to the metal
bar at the head of the bed frame. I am too scared to even move but can't resist
testing the binding to see if I can escape. I can feel you watching me, amused
at my frustration when I find how tightly bound I am, my voice muffled through
the gag. You laugh at my efforts. My face burns with humiliation but you do not
care as you firmly grip my thighs, spreading them, the gown riding up higher to
expose my white granny panties. You laugh to find me in it. "How cute! You
really are a good, sweet girl, eh? But I'm not so sure about how decent you are.
I can see that small wet spot forming on your panties. My, my..." I blush
profusely. I have no idea why I'm so turned on. Despite knowing you could and
will hurt me, I feel my body relaxing and melting to your handling.

It doesn't take long for you to heighten my senses again. Without warning, you
rip my gown apart with force. I try to struggle away from you, a last attempt at
saving my dignity but the material offers very little resistance. My breasts
spill out, bouncing as they a freed from the restraint of the cloth. "Shit, you
look so hot, slut," you whisper, almost awed. Despite the embarrassment, I am
actually flattered by your compliment. And worse, I feel myself getting even
wetter. How is it possible for me to find this erotic?

You tie me, spread-eagled, to the bed. You purposely tie the rope around my
breasts tighter, making them stick out, causing them to look bigger then the
already are. The pressure on my breasts makes them more sensitive to your
brushes and rubbing, my nipples painfully hard. You take your time explore and
tease my body. You like knowing that my body is completely yours for the taking.
Your hands move up your legs slowly and this causes me to tense up because I am
aware of what you are about to do. I try to close my legs but the rope keeps
them apart and accessible to your roving hands.

I feel your hands slipping into my panties, sliding into my hot, wet virgin
pussy. I squirm in my bonds, "Mmmmph!" The more I try to fight it, the wetter I
become. You fingers flick my clit, playing with the swollen nub and rubbing it.
I am about to cum on your fingers when you stop. My breathing is shallow and I
am intensely frustrated, almost on the verge of tears.  But you cut me short
with a sharp slap on my breast, which is highly sensitive from the bondage.
"Uuunnnhhh!"

I wasn't even aware that I was desperately trying to rub my legs together to
please my aching pussy until you whisper into my ear, "Aren't you a naughty
little slut, getting turn on by this and the fact that you're about to be
raped." I stop moving your legs immediately, a last attempt to save whatever
little dignity I have left. You are amused. I hear the flick of a cigarette
lighter and smell smoke. You are lighting something. I scream through my gag,
struggling against my bonds as soon as the hot liquid hits my breast. You had
lit the candle that you brought along.

The pain radiates through my entire body but as the pain becomes more intense,
so does my need to cum. You work the wax from the breasts inwards to my nipples
and I feel I am about to explode. The last straw comes when the hot wax drips
onto my sensitive nipples. It only takes three drops of the heated liquid on my
nipples for me to lose complete control of myself. I cum so hard, I almost black
out. My body stretched out in my bonds, my pussy overflowing with my juices, the
orgasm is my most powerful and satisfying yet. All my troubles, pressure and
fatigue disappears with it.

Barely a minute later, I'm still trying to recover as you kiss and suck my
soaked panties. You remove the last piece of clothing on me with your mouth,
pulling them down with your teeth. I am now totally exposed in front of you,
like the slut I am, with my breasts and nipples coated with the dried droplets
of wax and sticking out obscenely, begging to be kneaded. My pussy is still
swollen, extremely wet and sensitive from the orgasm. You grab both my tits and
start to rub them softly at first, increasing the strength until you're almost
mashing them. My tits feel abused and hurt a lot. I hear you unzipping your
pants, sliding your rock hard cock between my breasts. You wrap my breasts
snugly around your cock and start to tit fuck me.

Almost unconsciously, I push my hips against you. I can't understand why I need
you to fuck me so badly. My pussy almost hurts from that need. You whisper into
my ear, "Will you be a good girl if I take out the gag and remove the
blindfold?" Totally broken, I nod. You remove my blindfold and gag. Through the
moonlight shining in from the window, I slowly make out your body and face.
You're above average looking and young, not some repulsive man I expected. I
could fall in love with a man like you.

You start to kiss me, you tongue toying with mine. Your hands are now playing
and pinching my sore nipples. You slide your hands between my legs to find a
very wet, hot pussy waiting for you. You whisper in your ear as your thick cock
fights its way into my tight hole, "Remember this face, slut, I'm the man who is
going to take your virginity." "aaaahhhh! Mmmm, oh god" I feel a burning pain in
my pussy as you thrust against my hymen. Your second thrust breaks through my
hymen and your cock is buried deep in my cunt.

I can feel my pussy walls all around your cock each time you pull out of me and
slam yourself back in to the hilt. You are enjoying ever minute of it, "You are
so fucking hot and tight, bitch. Feels like a steel vise clamping on my cock,
you little slut." On my part, the intense initial pain soon dulls and is
replaced by a feeling of delicious fullness in my pussy.

Your hands continue to tease and pinch my nipples. You start with your strokes
again, this time harder and faster, coupled with your groans and grunt filling
my mind and entire world. My body follows obediently and I start to fuck you
back. My pussy tightens around you and milks you. I am delirious with the need
to climax and I want you to cum inside me. You thrust deeper and faster into me
and I respond by meeting your strokes. "Goddddd.... Fuck.... I'm cummmming" My
nails dig harshly into my palms, the tension tearing a scream that could almost
wake the dead as my second orgasm hits my entire body. My pussy clenches hard
around your cock as I reach up to your face to kiss you, fucking your mouth
urgently. That pushes you over the edge. I can feel you empty your balls
completely into my womb, your cum mixed with mine.


It's morning when I wake up. I look down at myself and realise that you had
actually cleaned me up as best as you could and tucked me into bed. But the rope
marks and our cum in my pussy remained as a reminder of the most wonderful night
of my life. I look at the clock and realise I am two hours late for my lecture
but I could not care less. I sit up in bed, lightly fingering my swollen pussy
to the memory of last night and notice your phone number staring at me, in bold
marker ink, on my mirror. I smile to myself and make my way to the bathroom.





Electric Geisha 2003




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ElectricGeisha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





