BDSM Library - Look Into the Light




Look Into the Light
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman gains control of a handsome stranger... but soon the tables are turned!
Look Into the Light

	

	You are walking though the forrest late one evening. Alone and unarmed.
You  hear something off in the bushes but imagine it is a racoon, so you
continue to walk. All the sudden in front of you a woman steps out with a
strange light in her hands. A light you cannot look away from. And then you have
the strange feeling you should be doing something so you start listening to what
she is saying. Her words seem unclear but she is motioning you over towrds a
rock. So you follow her.

	You now understand her words clearly and you do not want to do what she
is telling you to do but you keep looking at that strange light and your body
overthrows your mind for the moment. You kneel down over the rock and some how
you cannot get your body to move away when she ties your hands together and
helps you get back up. She unzips the zipper to your pants and she attaches a
leash to your penis, it is tight and it forces you forward as she pulls on the
other end.  She then places a blindfold on you. You can only follow the slight
tugs the leash gives your penis and hope you don't fall.

	You begin to get control of yourself. You havent looked at that light
since she put the blindfold on you and you can tell your body is ready to do
what you tell it to. Except that she has you by the balls, almost literally, and
you don't want to pull away from her grip because you know it would mean pain.
Extreme pain. And you hate pain. So you follow. Perhaps she just wants to fuck
you and let you go. You could handle that. A good fuck.

	Your feet hit something other than grass, and you are pretty sure you
are being pulled thought the door of something. A house you assume.

	

	(I have been watching you on your late night walks though the forest and
I liked what I saw. Looking at you through the trees I imagined what you would
look like kneeling at my feet asking how you could please me. I can tell you are
a strong man so I could not risk your strength in trying to bring you to my
house. Therefore I had to use a little hypnosis. Just some lights and signals
flashed the right way so that your body is at my control. And now that you are
here I cannot wait to get started.)

	

	 You are sat back in a chair and left there for a moment. Your penis is
still hanging out with its leash and its gotten pretty hard by now just
wondering what is going to happen.  You hear a funny noise and then footsteps
going out of the room. You yank at your wrists and realize the handcuffs are
real and you will just have to figure out something else. The footsteps return
and  your leash is removed only a second before someone is straddleing you. A
woman. A naked woman. At least she isn't wearing any bottoms because you just
felt something very wet brush your penis. And then she sits down on you hard and
takes you deep inside her. Next she is unbuttoning your shirt. Maybe this isn't
so bad you think. You know for sure she is naked when she leans her chest up
against you. Then one of her hands are playing with your balls.

	'Hello.' She says.

	'Umm.' Is the only reply you can make.

	'Do you want me to fuck you?' She asks

	'Oh yeah.' You reply.

	'I'll give you the fuck of your life but you have to promise to be my
servant for the next 2 days.' She says.

	Well. You decide you didn't really need to do anything this weekend. If
his lady wants to fuck you in exchange for you answering her door or doing her
dishes for a couple days you figure you might as well.

	Besides you are a little a afraid what might happen if you say no. She
does have you in an awkward position.

	She begins squeezing your balls tighter waiting for an answer.

	'Yes.' You almost sqweek as she squeezes a little too hard.

	

	(Ah I don't think you know what you just said yes to, but am I ever
going to have fun!)

	

	She begins to move on you. She is so tight that you feel like you are
going to cum on every stroke but you don't. She slides her hands up your chest
and up your neck until you feel her kissing you, a deep controlling kiss. One
you have never felt from a woman and it takes you off guard. You are on the edge
of release when she stops. She tells you that you will have to wait for a few
minutes. She unties the cloth around our eyes and ties it around your mouth. You
try to ask her what's going on but your words are all slobbery and mumbled.

	However you can now see the room. It looks like a woman's home. The room
is done in vibrant but soothing yellow with touches of green. You find that you
are sitting in a chair that matches one other one plus a huge couch. And the
strange noise you heard you realize must be the fireplace. And then you see the
woman. She is beautiful, not very tall, but large firm breasts and glowing skin.
You also realize she must have shaved because she has no hair to hide the skin
around her pussy.

	She sits over there are looks at you. She opens her legs and tells you
she is still very horny. You know you cannot reply so you just listen. She
begins to touch herself and your already hard-on gets harder. She begins to moan
as she fingers herself and you make a whimpering noise.

	'Oh.' She says. 'Do you want me to fuck you some more?' When you nod
your head she smiles.

	'Well. It will cost you. Are you sure you want it?' She is still playing
with herself as she plays with one nipple. 'You will have to do anything I ask
first. Do you agree?'

	You nod fervently this time.

	All right. She stops her game and comes over to you. 'Do you like pain?'

	You shake your head no.

	'Well you might have to have some before I will fuck you.'

	You are getting ready to shake your head no but she starts giving you a
hand job and you want to be able to cum so bad you nod yes.

	'Good.'

	

	(Ahhh. I have wanted to see you in pain, just a little bit anyway, for
what seems like a long time. I hope you beg me to fuck you. That's what I want
to hear.)

	

	She comes over and helps you to your feet, reattaches the leash to your
throbbing penis and then takes you through a hallway and stops in front of a
door.

	'Now if you would change your mind and try to struggle, not only will
you risk your hurting yourself,' she stroked one finger down your penis. 'But
you would be very very sorry.'

	When you look at her questioningly she only says. 'Trust me.'

	And so what else can you do?

	She transfers the cloth again to your eyes and you are plunged into a
wet darkness because the cloth became wet when it was acting as a gag. Your
leash is yanked on and you follow.  You are led to a leather covered table that
is soft yet firm at the same time. She lays you on your stomach and tells you
that she will release your hands for a minute but you must not try to move them.
You panic. When she releases the cuffs you push yourself up to get off but then
she pulls your leash. Hard. And you whimper in pain while she quickly ties you
spread eagle on the table.

	You hear a sound of disgust from her and you know that things are going
to be very bad. You are also beginning to feel a bit embarrassed. You know that
your butt and butt hole are just there for her to look at she has full access to
anything she would want to do to you and you cannot do anything to stop her now.

	'Oh that was not a wise thing to do.' She says sternly. 'For that there
will be punishment.'

	You stiffen. You are afraid. What is this woman going to do to you?

	She comes over and whispers in your ear. 'Its better if you just release
all your control to me now. It will happen sooner or later, and it will be
easier on you if it is sooner. Now I want you to think about what you did as I
punish you.'

	

	She strokes the back of your head, and then down your back until she
stops at your butt. She spreads your cheeks wide and you turn red, as you know
she looking in your ass. She takes a finger and plays with your ass hole a
little. You wiggle to try to get her to stop and then it comes. She begins
swatting your bottom with her hand. Its not intense pain but it stings. She
keeps swatting in one place until you begin to have a handprint on you. And you
yelp.

	'Please stop.' You ask.

	She tells you that you brought this on yourself. She moves to the other
side until you know you must have a permanent handprint there too. You squirm
and ask but she will not stop. She then stops and you think she is finished but
then you hear something cutting through the air and when a belt of some kind
lands on your ass you start begging for her to stop. It doesn't just sting now
it really hurts.

	 'Please ma'am. I'll do anything you want only please stop. Please!'

	After you have been begging a couple minutes she finally stops. She lays
her and on your butt.

	'It's so warm and red.' She tells you. 'Does it hurt?'

	'Yes.' You reply as you lay there humiliated that you begged and that
now you want to cry.

	She begins to massage your anus again. You can tell she has some lube of
some kind on her fingers and she begins slowly pushing her finger in your ass.

	You tell her no. Please don't touch me there.

	She does it more. And then she stops. You realize you are getting hard
again and you don't want to.  You feel now as if she has control of your body.

	You come up with a great idea as she leaves you laying there. You tell
her you have to pee really badly.

	'Well,' she says 'you will have to hold it for a while. Now I am going
to turn you over. You know how you are suppose to act. Do you understand me?'

	She pulls on your leash until you agree.

	But just when you expect her to undo you so she can turn you over you
feel your ass cheeks spread and a object shoved into your ass. You scream and
sharply breath.

	'What the hell are you doing?' You gasp.

	'Just a little something to keep you going.' She replies.

	You still feel pain shooting through your ass as she turns you over. She
must have figured you couldn't move too well with all that pain.

	'Now.' She says. 'Now that you have had your punishment, are you ready
for me to fuck you?'

	By this point you really are not sure what you want anymore but she
takes no answer as a yes.

	

	She leaves the room, you can tell because you cannot hear a single
sound. And then she returns and then next thing you know she is giving you a
blow job with a mouth full of ice. You really do not know how much more you can
take because your penis is on ice, and your ass feels like its on fire.

	Then in one fluid motion she gets on the table straddles your hips and
takes you inside her. The contrast of ice to heat is all it takes to make you
hard as a rock. Of course you feel as though you have had a hard-on for years
already. And as she begins to move she reaches down and gently taps the end of
the object in your ass and it starts vibrating. Then she takes something else
and shoves it in your mouth and you realize its her underwear with her juices
still on it.

	'I was afraid you might forget who is in charge and that you are only
being used here. So I thought my dirty underwear would help you to remember.' As
she rides you your ass is pressed into the table while that object vibrates in
your ass and you are blindfolded and gagged with her panties. And all you want
to do is beg her to make you cum. And you do. You cum hard and long.

	As she has reached what you think is her third orgasm and you your first
she moves up the table to your face, pulls her panties out and orders you too
lick all your cum off of her. You turn your face with disgust but she starts
pinching the inside of your arm and you realize that it causes you great pain so
you turn your head up to her and she sits on your face. You cannot breath at all
but you know you have to start sucking and licking. She tells you that you will
be allowed to breath once but no more until you make her cum again. You work
with everything you have to make her cum. She pushes up once to let you breath
but then no more and you keep it up until you feel her contracting over your
face and then she moves off of you. She takes the object from your ass and tells
you she is going to move you to the bed.

	(Oh my little slave you are going to be just perfect. The way you react
to the pain is beautiful.)

	'Ok I am going to move you to the bed. Now you know what happens when
you don't obey so do only as your told or there will be more punishment.'

	Thinking that you cannot handle any more punishment right now you agree.

	She takes the discarded panties and puts them over your head and then
takes you to the bed. You cannot really see through the panties but you feel her
tying you back up this time to a comfortable bed.

	Then she leaves and comes back and begins diapering you.

	'What the hell are you doing? You cant put a diaper on me!'

	She pulls up your penis and using what must be a very small strap gives
your balls 13 strikes. When she is done you can hardly breathe, you just want to
curl up in a ball.

	'That was one hit for each word against what I was doing. That will be
your punishment each time you speak out against me. Do you understand?'

	'Yes,' you manage to get out

	Then she leans down and peppers your balls with kisses so sweet the pain
seems to disappear. She takes your whole sac in her mouth and gently suckles it.

	'Ohhhhh.' Is all you can say.

	'Now if you are a good boy then you will get nice treats.' She tells
you.

	She finishes diapering you.

	'If you dirty yourself in the night you will just have to yell loud
enough so that I can come and get you cleaned up.'

	With that she kisses you tenderly strokes your chest and leaves the
room.

	You lay there looking through the panties at the ceiling. You don't know
how you got into this mess or how you are going to get out. You certainly don't
want to be here... do you? If the pain and pleasure weren't so real you would
think you were dreaming. But here you are naked, wearing a diaper, at a
beautiful woman's mercy. She said it was for just two days. You are pretty sure
when she said servant she didn't mean washing dishes and answering her door, but
maybe it wont be so bad.

	You finally fall asleep on that thought. A few hours later you wake up
with your bladder so full you try to jump up and use the bathroom before you
realize where you are.

	You decide that yelling out to have your diaper changed is too
humiliating so you just lay there. Soon you cannot hold it anymore though and
you begin to wet yourself. Now you feel really gross. Your balls sting where the
strap must have cut you a little and urine seeped in. you know you cannot go
back to sleep like this. And she did say to call her.

	Humph. 'Ma'am.' You call. 'HELLLLooooooo, please come help me.' It takes
a few more tries but you finally hear her coming.

	'Yes?' She says

	'I need help'. You say.

	'With what?' You can hear the smile in her voice.

	'This diaper thing.' You reply.

	'What about it?'

	'I need it taken off.'

	'Why?'

	She is really going to make this as hard as possible! 'Because I peed in
it.'

	'You pottied in your pants? Oh! You poor baby! I'll be right back.'

	She comes back and takes it off and washes you with a warm washcloth.
While she does she strokes your skin and uses soothing words.

	'Sweet boy is all dirty. Poor thing. Since you have to potty in a diaper
then perhaps you need to suck on this. She lifts off the panties and puts her
nipple to your mouth. Go on!'

	Deciding you may as well do as she says for now. You begin to suckle and
she begins to moan.

	'Oh yes. Hmmmm. Don't stop.' You use your tongue and she moans even more
and then gives you her other one to do the same with. 'Oh that's a good boy.
Ohhhh.'

	She must really like it because she moves and the next thing you know
she is straddling you and you are getting very hard very fast as she plays with
your nipples. She rides you with one hand on your nipple and one on hers. You
know you are going to cum really soon. And when she grabs your balls gently you
start to come. In a flash she is off of you and sucking you bone dry. Afterwards
she re-diapers you and you fall fast asleep.

	You wake up and although your eyes are still closed you realize you are
not tied up anymore. You open your eyes and there is that damn light! It is
impossible to look away and as she tells you to get up and follow her, you find
you have no other choice. She takes you to the bathroom and takes your diaper
off and tells you to use the toilet. You realize the light must work for a
certain amount of time after it stops. Just when you think you are about to have
control over your body she turns it back on. She tells you to get in the shower
and to wash her. You wash every inch of her body and then she tells you to wash
your own. The light keeps going. Then as the water flows down her body she tells
you to get on your knees and lick her pussy clean. You lick her until she cums.
And then she orders you out. She dries you off. And then cuffs you and puts the
leash back on your penis and stops the light flashing.

	You cum too and think if you could just get a hold of that light thing
perhaps you could get out of here. She leads you to the kitchen.

	She puts you in a chair and secures you too it and then gets breakfast
ready.

	You cannot help but get a hard-on watching her make breakfast naked.
Especially with her shaved pussy.

	She looks over at you while the eggs are boiling and the bread is
toasting.

	Aren't you sweet! She says. She comes over and kisses you and you find
yourself kissing her back.

	She goes back to the toast.

	'Look!' You say, 'You cant just keep me here. If you let me go now I
won't press charges!'

	She turns and gives you a searing look but does not say a word.

	She eats breakfast and cuts yours up and puts it in a bowl.

	'Can I at least have a hand free to eat?'

	She says nothing.

	You are so hungry you put your face down and start eating like a dog.
When you are both done she uses the light again and unties you and takes you to
the living room. She puts the light where you can see it and orders you not to
take your eyes off of it. She sits down on the couch and tells you to lie on her
lap. She positions your bottom over her lap and soon it is being assaulted by
swats. You body jerks.

	'You will not move!' She orders. She continues the spanking. She tells
you it is for what you said at breakfast. You are in agony. She has that little
strap again and it is killing your ass but you cant move or take your eyes from
that light!

	'Beg me to spank you harder.' The words pour from your mouth without
your consent.

	'Please spank me as hard as you can don't stop till I am blistered and
bruised, until I cannot sit down.'

	You continue to beg as she does as you ask. You cannot stand it anymore
and as you look at the light and beg, you start to cry. After five more minutes
she stops. You just lay limp in her lap.

	'See what happens when you don't obey?' You whimper.

	She begins to rub your ass cheeks and it causes more pain.

	'Now. For the rest of today and until tomorrow night, you are to obey me
or this will happen again. Close your eyes.'

	You do so and after a while you feel your will return to your mind. But
you are somewhat broken and you decide that you are going to just go along with
this strange woman for now.

	She recuffs your wrists and tells you to stand up.

	When you are both standing she embraces you. Pulling your body close to
hers. She squeezes your ass and you flinch in pain. 'Now go stand in the corner
for a while and I'll tell you when your corner time is done. Oh but first!' She
grabs something at the end of the couch and puts a diaper on you. 'Just in
case!' She says.

	You go to the corner and she leaves the room. You are feeling sorry for
yourself when you suddenly realize she left the light flashing. You come up with
a plan that will either work or get you another spanking...

	***********************************************************************

	You walk back towards the living room. It's been 20 min and you think
its time to see how your little slave is doing. You walk in and he is not at the
corner where you left him!

	'Here I am!' He says and as you look towards the voice your eyes barely
see him before you see the light in his hands, still cuffed behind him holding
the light you left on!!!

	'Look into the light! Now come over here and uncuff me.'

	Your mind rebels and says no! But your body obeys him. You have been
caught at your own game! You panic. But still obey. You uncuff him and then next
minute you are cuffed.

	'Now you little bitch! You thought you were in charge but the tables are
turned now. I could just leave... but I think some retribution is in order.' He
turns off the light and sits you in the chair and uses ties you had there for
him on you.

	You realize that this is very bad.

	'I... I'm sorry. Please don't hurt me! I will do anything you ask!
Anything just please don't hurt me.'

	'Well I you know what they say... payback is hell.'

	You tremble as the fear shows in your eyes. 'Now you sit right there and
don't move.' He laughs at that.

	He leaves the room and you realize you are in huge trouble.

	He is gone for a half hour and when he returns he is reading your BDSM
book with all the picture. He walks to the kitchen still reading and comes out
with an apple and some things wrapped in a towel.

	'Well did you read all this? It certainly is interesting. I never
thought I would like any of this kinky stuff but I know I am going to enjoy ever
ounce of pain I give you and every bit of pleasure you give me. Well first off
you will refer to me at all times as master.  Do you understand?'

	You take the hint. 'Yes master.' You are intent on being very very good.

	'Ok now, as we both know I have never been a... what is the word?' He
looks back to the book. Oh yes a top. 'So I want to just try some things and see
how well I like them.' He squats down in front of you.

	You look into his face with real fear.

	'Hmmm well now I have an idea. I think that every time you see me and I
enter a room you should, if you aren't tied up, come and kiss my penis and
unless it is not in your view or you are told other wise you are to stare at it
at all times.'

	'Yes master.' You quickly put in.

	'Now I don't see any reason to keep you tied up, after all we both know
I am much stronger and faster than you are and if you would run away I would
probably press charges... kidnap, assault and battery, rape. Do you understand
what I am saying here?'

	Blackmail, you think. 'Yes master.'

	'Good. For right now I will leave you tied up, but just so you can get
used to it.' He stands up and moves his penis in your face and you kiss it and
then watch it.

	Now lets just try a few things. He begins to play with your nipples
until they are erect and hard. Then he grabs something and next a clothespin is
attached to each of your nipples. You scream in pain.

	'Yes this is going to work very well. How do you feel?'

	You are panting now with the pain. And between pants you say. 'I'm in
great pain master.'

	'Good! Now you will keep those on until you give me a blowjob and
swallow every bit.'

	Pain clouds your mind and he slaps you on the side of your face with his
penis. You begin to suck the best and fastest you ever have. The pain you feel
keeps you going stronger than you usually would and soon he is coming in your
mouth and you suck him dry.

	'That's a good little slave.' He removes the pins and new pain rushes
into them but it slowly subsides and the blood flow resumes. 'Now I am going to
release your cuffs and you know what you are to do.' He releases you and you
kiss his penis again and then knee in front of him as you stare at his penis.
'Now I want you to crawl on all four's to get your little strap you used on my
balls and then carry it in your mouth to your bedroom and wait by your bed with
it in your mouth.'

	'Yes master.'

	He comes in and tells you to lay face up on the bed. 'Now you know if
you struggle it will only make everything worse. If I have to tie you up you
will be punished more severely. So just take the punishment I give you and you
will be fine.  However, to help you I will allow you to put your hands
underneath you and I recommend you do it.' He straddles your waist and asks if
you have anything you want to say first.

	'Master, I am sorry for all the pain I caused you.' He smirks.

	The strap begins a fiery assault on your left breast. You are screaming
and yelping and begging for him to stop. When he hits your nipple you almost
come off the bed. But somehow you cannot manage to move your hands because they
are under your bottom and all his weight. You are desperately trying to stare at
his penis but the red marks forming are drawing your attention. Then the tit
spanking begins on your right breast. You feel as though your chest is on fire.
Finally when each breast is covered in small red welts he stops. You have been
sobbing since half way through the left breast. He waits for you to stop.

	'That's enough! Now I know after you roll over you will not move because
each movement will add great pain to your chest. Now roll over for your real
spanking.'

	He smiles as he gets ready for his task. 'Remember when you spanked
me...? What is your name...? Oh never mind I'll just call you slut, which is
what the books says is most displeasing to a woman. Anyway slut, do you remember
when you spanked me?'

	'Y... y... yes Master.'

	'Tell me what you did first.'

	'I.. I strapped you.'

	'And then?'

	'Then I made... I made... Fear has gripped you and you can barely speak. 
I made you beg me to spank you.'

	'Then what happened slut?'

	'I... I made you cry... Master.'

	'That's right slut, you completely humiliated me and spanked me. Now
lets see... I'll have to think of something worse to do to you of course slut.
What do you think I could do to make it worse on you.'

	You stay quiet. He can spank you but you won't let him humiliate you
like this. Suddenly your head is pulled up by your hair and you are looking into
the "light".

	'Slut what can I do to make it worse for you?'

	Against your will you begin to speak, saying horrid things. 'After you
spank me and make me cry, Master, you could fuck me in the ass and call me your
ass fucker. And then you could go to my toy chest and fill my pussy and ass with
dildos and use the belt on my thighs and over my ass again until I squeal like a
pig because of the pain.'

	'Ok that's enough for now.' He says with an evil grin

	You are so humiliated you hardly know what to do, except there is
nothing you can do. The truth is you took a big risk to begin with and now it
has completely backfired and you can't see anyway out.

	He begins slowly with a heavy hand. Mostly it just stings, but as he
gradually increases the tempo the pain begins to spread. You have never had a
high pain threshold and now you fervently wish you did. Soon you are kicking
your legs and whimpering loudly. He continues his ministrations to your rear and
your mind goes blank to all but the pain.

	Soon you feel him stop and relief washed over you until he squeezes your
cheeks and then separates them. Your breathing hasn't calmed down yet and you
yell out 'No!' before you can stop yourself.

	'What was that, you ass fucking slut?'

	'So... soo... sorry Master!'

	'Well I will make you sorry.'

	He is glad you have committed this disobedience, no matter how small. He
opens your cheeks so he can see your anus. 'Doesn't seem too long ago our
positions where switched does it ass fucker? Does it?'

	'N...no Master.'

	'Lets see what we've got here. This is a very tight little ass hole. It
makes me wonder if you have ever been fucked in here before. Have you been
fucked in your ass, cunt?'

	'No Master.'

	'Good, it will give me much pleasure to take you from behind when your
punishment is through. Is that what you want slut? For me to fuck you in the ass
to help make up for all the pain and suffering you put me through?'

	You know what you are suppose to say but its so humiliating. 'Yes
master.'

	'Yes what, cunt?'

	'Master I want you to fuck me in the ass as a token of my submission to
you for causing you pain and humiliation.'

	'Good girl.' You flinch at that and he realizes you don't like that
term.

	An idea forms in his mind, one planted by the book he skimmed through
earlier. He decided it could wait until he was done with this punishment. He
picks you up and carries you to the room with the leather table. He straps you
down and you shiver as he leaves the room and comes back with the little strap.
Without further ado he begins strapping you. First on your already sore ass and
then on down your legs to your lower calves. Your body jumps and you cry out in
pain begging him to stop but he doesn't even respond. He keeps going until
floods of fresh tears come sputtering out while your body goes limp. He's broken
you. He knows it and you know it. Then he stops and moves behind you. You hear
some noises and then feel his cock pressing on your anus. He has found your lube
and has used it but the searing pain of him inside you and pounding against your
ass and legs is more than you can bear and you pass out.

	When you wake up you are on your bed, spread out with your arms and legs
tied to each corner of the bed and you have a diaper on. You had put one on
Master... him! Earlier because you thought this was the most humiliating thing.
Surely he won't make you wet yourself in this. Then you think of all you did to
him. Oh yes he will your mind tells you.

	He enters the room and looks at you. 'There's my good girl, all woken up
from her nap.' He uses a voice that would normally be used in talking to a very
little child or baby. 'Is my little girl's diaper dry.'

	You can't help but cringe at his tone of voice and words. You finally
decide it's time to take a stand, 'This has gone on long enough, you've gotten
your revenge, my bruised and battered ass attests to that. So just let me up and
we will call it even.'

	'Even! Ha!' He turns around and leaves the room, soon he reappears with
a bottle filled with a brownish liquid. You had planned on humiliating him by
making him drink from a bottle and now its on you... and you don't know what's
in it.

	He continues in baby talk. 'Now my sweet little muffin, I have a nice
drink for you here, but you have to drink it up before it gets too thick or it
will be nasty for my little girl.'

	'Stop it! Stop calling me a little girl and treating me like a baby, its
humiliating and I won't stand for it!'

	He just grins and you know you have been had. He's doing all he can to
humiliate you just as you were trying to humiliate him only a few hours ago.

	'Now my little sweetheart, you can drink this all up like a good girl or
I can make you drink it, its up to you.'  He glanced at the mirrored light
sitting on the dresser and she knew all he had to do was turn it on and she
would have to do whatever he said which could make it worse, but she just
couldn't bring herself to 'obey' him. You tighten your lips together and he
smiles.

	'Ok have it your way then.' He flashes you with the light. 'Until I say
otherwise you are going to be my little baby.' You try to scream No! inside, but
it is too late now. 'Here is your bottle baby, now I want to hear loud baby
sucking noises.' Try as you might you can't keep yourself from sucking the
bottle and making little noises and coos. This is the ultimate humiliation,
especially when you realize after the first taste that it's a liquid laxative
he's giving you.

	When you finish the bottle he unties you and since you have been staring
at the light a long while he knows it will take longer to wear off. He sits you
up and pats your back to "burp" you. Your bladder is building up quickly and you
know you cannot wait too long to pee.

	But you find you cannot speak coherent words, since he ordered you to be
a baby you can only make baby sounds. In distress you begin to cry and move your
hips. 'Oh does baby have to tinkle? Let's see!'

	He lays you back down, looking at the light and opens your diaper. He
then says the words you dreaded hearing. 'Ok little girl, pee so I can watch
you.' In utter humiliation you feel the pee come out of you as he watches. He
pushes on your pee whole making you stop, and then releases for you to continue.
'What a cute little pee hole you have baby girl.'

	When you finish he fastens the diaper back up, 'Now you can have that
taken off when you go number 2 sweetie. Just call when you're ready!'

	With that he turns the mirror off and ties you back up to wait in
humiliation as you try to poop yourself so you can get up and get clean, and you
hope, get this all over with!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tie N Spank


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





