BDSM Library - The Way of Pryx




The Way of Pryx
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a young woman's desire for the galaxy's most patriarchal planet.
				         The Way of Pryx

					by Victor Mann

	Missy concentrated hard as the psychic scanner pulsed through her brain. 
She had prepared herself for more than two years, carefullly visualizing.  (But
really, as she thought back, she'd been preparing since she was nine). There was
only one planet that she wanted residence on.  Her closest friends knew her
unusual opinions, but none of them would have guessed that she would have wanted
anything else but the familiar comforts here on Planet 3.  The scanner
penetrated deeply. 

	"You don't believe in Women's Rights?" Lucy had once asked her, in a
heated discussion following a remark Missy had made about the woman Planetary
Director.

	"I believe that women have the right to choose whether they want rights
or not."

	"But that's the stone age, Missy!  We're free here.  Would you rather be
on Drogg where the women are dragged around by their hair?  They still have
dinosaurs there."

	"Well, maybe, Lucy, it wouldn't be so bad.  At least the male Planetary
Director there has a well-developed chest." Missy had just made her sharp remark
about how flat-chested the Planetary Director of Planet 3 was.  That's what
started this.

	Lucy found Missy's thinking incomprehensible and archaic.

	"I can't believe you think of women that way.  The 'sex object' phase of
history is long past.  Women's breasts are no longer looked upon as ornaments to
attract the interest of men.  I swear, Missy.  That ancient history class we
took really went to your head.  Next thing you'll tell me is that you want to
wear a corset to 'improve your figure.'"

	Missy had smiled to herself and had not answered the question, but the
scanner saw her response.  Yes, she wanted to wear a corset.

	The clear fantasies had begun at the age of nine.   No one could claim
the hand of patriarchy in them.  3 was the most egalitarian of planets.  In fact
the Planetary Council was 70% women.  And her parents had raised her very
strictly in the egalitarian philosophy.    But when she was nine she had her
first fantasy of the "maiden's bed." It had profoundly affected her.  A handsome
man demanded that she lie down on a bed of metal spikes to please him.  It was
so thrilling to be required to do something so difficult.  The climax came---
and she realized that she had intimations of a sexual climax at the age of
nine-- when he had forced her to turn over on her stomach and let the spikes
poke at her soft parts.

	The scanner made a soft hum as Missy let her mind follow the
visualization path she had practiced.   There were one hundred eleven
inhabitable planets, each with their own culture and ways.  Everyone on 3
because of it's egalitarian standards was required to take the scan at the age
of 19.  For the most part, everyone thought, it was a proforma test, because
culture being as it is, thought patterns would almost naturally qualify a person
for their own planet.  If one, however, had a notion to qualify for another
planet, the much richer, but more backward, Mondray, for instance, one had to
show deep affiliation with it's foundation philosophy or the Galactic Council
would direct one to remain on 3.  Immigration was very strictly controlled, now,
almost everywhere.  Only the highest compatibility scores were selected for
potential immigration. 

	Missy had never heard of a 3 person actually qualifying for the planet
Pryx, but, then, no one ever talked about it.  Pryx was the most patriarchal
planet in the Galaxy, even more so, in many ways, than the dreaded Drogg which
3-ers were so fond of condemning.  

	"Women would speak only when spoken to," that was one phrase that had
struck her.  3-ers liked to see themselves as incredibly advanced peoples.  They
had a rich, egalitarian society with automatic push button democracy.  In
conversation, they often would dwell on the injustices of the past, and it was
just such conversations that caught the ear of little Missy.  "Yes, women would
only do what their husbands ordered them to do." "And have you heard of the
times when women were forced to wear 'high heels.' I read an ancient microfilm
issue of 'Women's Freedom' that such shoes were exclusively designed to please
men.  Women were forced to hobble around in those monstrosities because men
thought it made their walk sexually attractive."

	As soon as Missy had heard about 'high heels' she asked her mother, in
her coy way, what they looked like.    Her mother took her to the encyclopedia
and showed her several color pages of these ancient accoutrements.  Far from
repelling her she was fascinated.   Bits and snatches here and there filled out
her young girl's fantasy life and at age 11 she was stunned by the full orgasm
that racked her during  one of her, now much more frequent, retreats into a much
elaborated mental realm that almost always ended with the "maiden's bed."
Somehow she had found that sensitive spot where the pleasure of her thoughts
seemed to settle.   It was with this first orgasm, she was sure, that the
passion had begun that made her yearn, now, for Planet Pryx.

	Pryx was a planet not discussed openly.  They loved to make fun of Drogg
and it was frequently a subject of conversation.  But Pryx was off limits in the
earshot of children.  When Missy asked her mother or father about the planet,
she'd invariably get the answer, "It's not a planet for egalitarian little girls
to think about."

	None of her girlfriends seemed to know anything about it either, but
Missy was determined to find out about it.  It was only an intuition. 

	It might have been only chance, but Missy considered it destiny, when at
the age of 15,  she happened to be walking next to a group of boys playing on a
playing field, when she heard one of them tell his startled friends, "I'm going
to qualify for Pryx, when I turn 19." "What do you know about Pryx," one of them
had challenged.  "More than you'll ever know."

	The boy, who was bragging, a gangly 16 year old named Billy Trinn, lived
on Missy's block.  Missy, now 15 years old, as was typical, wasted no time in
plotting her query.  Billy happened to be the paper boy and would hand Missy the
daily paper every day on his route.  The very next day, when Missy went out to
greet him, out of the earshot, now, of her watchful parents, she asked bluntly,
"Tell me about Pryx, Billy.  I know you know about it." Billy looked away and
said, "I don't know anything about that.  Go ask your parents if you're so
interested," and rode away on his hover bike.  But Missy persisted.  She asked
him each day, regularly, as he drove up and he had replied similarly each time. 
Finally, one day she caught him at dusk, walking home from his route.  Boldly
she grasped his arm and said, "Billy, please, I've just gotta know.  I'll kiss
you if you tell me."

	Billy took a step back to look at this bold, pretty little 15 year old. 
"You'll give me a kiss, if I tell you?" Missy nodded, not even blushing.  "OK. 
Come to my garage tomorrow morning and don't tell your parents where you're
going." Missy was thrilled.  She found Billy interesting enough anyway and it
was time for her to learn something about kissing.  She knew several older girls
who were already doing it on the sly. But he knew about Pryx!

	Missy treasured the memory of the next day and fed it along with her
emotional responses into the relentless scanner.  Billy had taken Missy by the
arm and led her into his parent's garage.  Both parents were conviently at work. 
From a box in the back of the garage, Billy pulled out a very large bound book,
The Pleasures of Pryx.  It was obviously a piece of very, very rare contraband
brought back from the planet.  "Missy," he said.  "I haven't even told the guys
about this.  Nobody's bugged me about this like you.  So you've got to keep this
ultra-secret." He opened up the cover to show her the picture of a man dressed
in high leather boots shined to gleaming, black leather pants and a black
leather vest over a black shirt.  In his hand was a set of reins attached to a
woman who wore a bit in her teeth, like the ancient riding animals used to wear. 
She was kneeling next to him, her hands secured behind her back, wearing a
beautiful ancient corset and a set of high heels that looked even taller than
those Missy had seen in the encyclopedia.  On her breast nipples were screwed
some sort of clamps from which dangled metal weights.

	Missy gasped, "Oh, oh," she said.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry," Billy said,
taking what were gasps of excitement to be gasps of horror.  "No, no.  Billy.
It's interesting.  It's interesting.  Let's look at more." 

	Turning arbitrarily to the middle of the rather thick book Missy was
riveted by the picture.   It was a woman, here gagged with a red ball, wearing a
similar tight corset and the same hose and high heels lying on a bed of spikes! 
The caption said, "Women are kept in their rightful place on Pryx." With a
trembling hand Missy turned the page to view her treasure.  It was the same
women lying face down, her face protected by a mat, her breasts and private
parts poked by the cruel spikes.  "You, you like that picture?" Billy stammered,
taken aback by Missy's obvious fascination.   Like it.  The picture was at the
core of her soul.  The scanner kept up it's humming, picking up the intensity of
this extraordinary encounter.

	 "What's this long document," Missy asked looking at another page.

	"Oh, that's the 'Cunts-tits-tution,' the governing document, which was
written by the founding mothers."

	"The founding mothers!?" Missy said with surprise.

	"Yes.  It's all in there. I've even memorized part of the document.  It
was written by women and attached to the petition to the Galactic Legislature,
signed by women only, for the establishment of the first created Patriarchal
Planet."

	"Where men rule," Missy said without having to ask.

	"Yes, where men rule, but where the constitution is completely written
by women.

	'w/ hold these truths to be self-evident that all wmn are created
unequal to Men and are endowed by their Creator with the inalienable right to be
Ruled by them, should wmn so choose,'" he quoted faithfully.

	Missy and Billy spent the morning going through the many pages of the
book with it's clear color photographs of life on Pryx.  There were pictures of
women with plumes on their forehead pulling carts with Men in them.  There were
pictures of women being used as pieces of furniture, as coffee tables, as coat
racks, as foot rests. There were secretarial offices where women busily typed on
computers, their hands bound behind their back, a small metal pointer secured in
their mouth to pick out letters on the keyboard.  But there were pictures too of
the luxurious shops where women could get their accoutrements at no charge. 
There were spacious beauty shops where women were given, "The Pryx Look," that
the Men found pleasing in that season.  Most shocking were the scenes of casual
sex, of Men, arbitrarily stopping wmn who had caught their eye in the street for
blowjobs or casual fucking against postboxes or against parking meters or
sometimes right on the sidewalk.  Planet 3, with its liberal mindset, began
explicit sexual education for all children at the age of 10, so these pictures
were not shocking to Billy and Missy by themselves.  Erotica showing explicit
sexual acts was easily available on the liberal Planet 3 and children were not
prevented from looking at such things.

	But Missy was not shocked and Billy was a bit stunned at it.  He showed
her pictures of the town whipping post, where selected wmn were tied up and
whipped in public.  He showed her the pictures from the Academy of Bondage Art,
where male students displayed their helpless female "artworks" in a large
gallery packed with men who felt and prodded at the art,  forbidden here from
taking other sexual advantage.  Before they knew it morning had faded away. 
They barely escaped detection, when Billy's mother arrived home for lunch. 
Billy never did get his kiss. 

	Images cascaded into the humming scanner.   Missy's fantasy of being a
Pryx girl was very detailed.  She bowed to lick her Master's boots as he arrived
home for lunch.  She eagerly accepted his casually thrust penis between her lips
to bring him to orgasm.  That day, in her fantasy, semen would be all she would
eat.  Nine men who had her Master's permission would visit her at home and, she
would dutifully paint her lips with the ancient lip paint before taking each of
them in her mouth.

	She saw herself put into a Pryx "fuck-box" a box where holes were put in
three places and a woman was put inside.  From the book Missy had learned that
all novice women were put in a "fuck-box" upon arrival on Pryx.    They were
kept there for two days without food, but with water given through the mouth
hole, and a short release time for relieving themselves.  They would be fucked
and sexually used repeatedly during this time as the "fuck-boxes" sat on the
busiest intersections of the Pryx capitol city of Kokk.  

	Missy imagined herself used as "fuck-furniture" in a Man run office. 
The ancient high heels, the corset, the special hose, all were part of her
fantasy now. 

	She saw herself used as a footrest for businessmen in their lounge.  She
saw herself at the whipping post and let the scanner read the passionate
excitement she felt at the idea of bearing a whipping for no other reason than
that it was a Man's whim at that time in that day.  She imagined a trundle bed
put under her Master's bed where she would sleep like a slave, dressed in high
heels, hose and nippleless bra. 

	Oh, her fantasies had gotten so elaborate!  She fed in her vision of an
amusement park for Men where all the rides had large dildoes on them that the
women would be obliged to ride for the Men's amusement.   Images of abuse and
humiliation cascaded into the scanner as the passion in Missy's heart rose to
the fore.  She pulled a cart with a Man in it, the chains designed to pull on
her tit nipples and cunt lip clamps as she pulled.  The intensity of the fantasy
made her want to masterbate.  This wish too was picked up in the relentless
scanner.

	"OK.  The one hour's up." She felt someone lift the scanner abruptly
from her head and heard the woman talking.  It was all over so fast.  Her knees
were weak.  She'd really got into it.  But would they find her acceptable? 
Hadn't her mindset been completely contaminated by 3's egalitarian thinking? 

	Missy went home and lied to her mother.  "It was routine," she said. 
Her mother nodded approval, "Of course, dear.  You're a 3 girl."

	The next two weeks were passionate torment for Missy.  Each night she
masturbated for a long time thinking of Pryx.  She would stuff her panties in
her mouth and pinch her titties hard and come with shattering orgasms.

	"Funny looking letter for you Missy," the postman said.  Missy had had
the habit for a long time of receiving the mail herself when she was home. There
it was.  A black envelope with no markings on it.  But Missy knew.  She slid it
under the magazines in the rack by the couch and retrieved it late that night
after her parents had gone to sleep.  With trembling hands she opened the letter
that night in her room.


	
	cunt,

	yr scanner readings satisfied the minimum standards for entry into
Planet 	Pryx.  	Enclosed is a copy of the Cunts-tits-tution of the planet.  yu
will appear 	at an interview at room 286 in the Planetary Building of yr city
on Tuesday, 	July 14, at 2 PM.  yu  must be aware that yu will have no rights
in this 	interview, due to the fact that on Pryx wmn have no rights. 
According to the 	agreement of  Planetary Statute 100028: "Each planet
shall conduct 	interviews under the rules of its planetary legislature..."

	Sincerely,

	QuarterMaster
	Mangrove Spike

	Along with the Cunts-tits-tution of Pryx was a pamphlet describing in
some detail the planet and the treatment of applicants.  The pamphlet made clear
that the interview would be conducted as though she were already a Pryx "grl." 
Missy was prepared.  Fortunately, she did not have to appear at the room in Pryx
dress.  She had no idea where she might get access to the necessary
accoutrements.  Planet 3, being so egalitarian, did not have such accoutrements
available even for costume parties.  As for the sexual aspects of the interview
process, Missy had gone out of her way to lose her virginity at 16 and to get as
much sexual experience as she could away from the watchful eyes of her parents,
so that she would be more than ready when this day came.

	With palipitating heart Missy entered room 286 on July 14.  At the desk
was a "suckretary" whose ball gag had apparently been removed for her arrival. 
The suckretary was dressed in the standard garb of Pryx. (This was actually the
dress ordained by the Cunts-tits-tution, as Missy had known.  Though there were
yearly votes of the Men* to consider a change of costume, tradition reigned and
the dress seen as proper by the founding "m/th/rs"* of Pryx was maintained year
after year as the Pryx grl outfit).

	*Words referring to women (wmn) were routinely truncated or otherwise
altered in Pryx usage in accord with th//r inferior status.  Words referring to
Men were, because of Their superiority, always capitalized, even when used
incidentally within other words, as in, "apartMent." The remaining narrative
will for the most part adopt Pryx usage.

	A wmn, about 65 came in wearing Pryx grl high heels, the ultra-tight
corset, hose, the crotchless panties and ornaments only. (The Pryx look allowed
no covering garments, except as an individual Master on a given day should
ordain.  In practice this was done rarely, usually for special occasions of
celebration).  sh/ greeted Missy cheerfully after the suckretary had pushed a
button on hr desk.  "w/'ll have to get yu dressed to please, Missy.  There's
nothing a Pryx Man hates worse than violation of the dress code."

	 In a cloud of the wmn's strong perfume, Missy had hr clothes removed
and was dressed in Pryx style for the first time.   The wmn was efficient but it
still took  Missy a full two hours to be redressed.   "The corset has to hurt,
Missy," sh/ said as sh/ pulled the levered strings as hard as sh/ could from
behind.  "The earrings have to hurt, too, Missy," sh/ said as she screwed the
ancient screw-on, heavy, glamour style earrings onto her ears very tightly.  sh/
sat Missy down and put on hr the black seamed hose of a Pryx grl and the
extraordinary black high heels.  sh/ affixed long false nails to Missy's fingers
and painted them deep red. After sh/ put many rings on Missy's fingers and put
several heavy bracelets on hr arms sh/ said, "Now, whore make-up," sh/ said as
sh/  affixed false eyelashes to Missy's eyes, made them up and applied ample
make-up to Missy's cheeks and lips.  sh/ slickered her lips three times. 
"Perfume makes a wmn," sh/ chirped as sh/ drenched Missy in perfume.   "yu'll be
a good Prxy cunt, h/n/y," sh/ said as sh/ escorted hr into the QuarterMaster's
office.

	Missy was trying to balance herself in the 5" high heels as she was lead
into the door of a plush office.  Her head was spinning and she had never in her
life been so excited.  A largish bald man with an air of authority smoking a
very pungent cigar said, "Have the cunt kneel by the desk."

	The older wmn lead Missy, who was still unsteady, to the cushion set
down at the side of the QuarterMaster's desk.  She caught a glimpse of the Man's
face.  He was unattractive with a double chin and eyes that were deep set in an
overly fleshy face.

	"I reviewed yr scanner application Myself.  Are these just fantasies,
cunthole, or are yu serious."

	Missy kept hr eyes averted as she knew was the rule and glanced at the
QuarterMaster's well-shined black leather boots as she gave her practiced
answer,

	"I am a cunthole, Sir.  I am not born to have independent thoughts.  So
whatever yu Man judge is correct."

	Mangrove Spike looked Missy over with a steely eye.  He could smell Pryx
meat, when it came in front of Him.

	"yu have read the Cunts-tits-tution."

	"Yes, Sir.

	"yu understand, then, the absolutist nature of Our planet.  We are
rulers over cunt on Pryx.  yr cunt feelings, desires, worries, thoughts are
absolutely of no interest to Us. Chattel are treated better," He said for
emphasis.

	"This cunt understands as far a as a cunt is able to understand."

	"Bow, then, bitch/, and kiss and lick these boots!" he said in a sharp,
imperious tone.

	He watched closely as sh/ bowed, put hr fingers, which had just been
done up with long false,  nails, and freshly painted, behind His boot backs and
gave hrs/lf to them.  sh/ carefully licked every inch of His boots, returning
with submissive kisses over every inch.

	"Return to posture," he said, when He had judged sh/ had finished.

	
	He snapped His fingers and Missy could hear the click of the older wmn's
high heels as sh/ hurried over to Missy to touch up hr lips with lipslicker.

	Missy had surrendered hrs/lf since sh/ was nine years old to the
maiden's bed.  sh/ often thought to hrs/lf that the spikes of it had penetrated
to the core of hr soul.  sh/ reveled in the texture of the hard, smooth leather
of Mangrove Spike's boots and gave kisses that came from the core of hr being. 
sh/ knew that sh/ was born to be owned by the hard boot, to be "Man meat." It
was hr destiny and Missy felt the throb of hr passion in hr temples as sh/
returned to hr kneeling position at Mangrove Spike's command.

	"Now some prick in yr face," He said, as He casually extracted His erect
member from His black leather pants.

	He took Missy by the hair and roughly shoved His stiff prick between hr
lips.  Not commanded to bring hr hands up, Missy accepted the cock in hr mouth,

	"yr a good cock-suck toy," He said to hr.

	Missy felt it was a compliMent but couldn't respond.

	"Have yu done this with whore lipstick before?" He asked, again,
obviously not looking for a response.

	Missy heard his breathing quicken as He tightend His grip on hr hair. 
sh/ felt the full burst of His semen in the back of hr throat and swallowed
automatically, sucking hard now to drain Him of the dregs.  "A pretty good
scum-sucker," He said rudely through His clenched teeth.  He had not taken the
cigar out of His mouth for this activity.

	He withdrew His prick and snapped His fingers for the elderly wmn to
return.

	"They like a good cocksuck on Pryx, h/n/y," sh/ whispered to Missy,
trying to give hr encouragement as sh/ redid hr lipslicker richly.

	Missy was letting the wmn's words and the experience sink in when
Mangrove Spike picked up a telephone and dialed what sounded like another
office, "We've got one Prick-ready here in the office.  Huh?  Oh yeah, sh/
sucked like a fucking vacuum cleaner.  Oh yeah, sh/'s  a young, new one, but
sh/'s no virgin.  Scanner says sh/'s been fucked good for three years now.  We
might get some real use out of this one back home, scanner doesn't show any
taint of 3.  This one seems like sh/ was born for Pryx.  We'll see though how
sh/ takes the gang. "

	QuarterMaster Spike put down the telephone and glanced at Missy whose
eyes were carefully averted toward His boots and got up toward the bar to make
Himself a drink.  He snapped His fingers again, "Secure the bitch, but come here
first," He said.  The elderly wmn approached the QuarterMaster respectfully. 
Missy noticed out of the corner of hr eye that despite hr age the elderly wmn's
breasts seemed still rather firm over the top of hr tight Pryx corset.  Missy
could see from the hr angle Mr. Spike reach out and pinch the wmn's nipples very
hard, seize them in thumb and forefinger of each hand and pull hr to Him.  "A
new cunthole always makes Me hot.  Kiss Me submissively, bitch," He said.  The
older wmn obliged, putting hr long-nailed hands behind Mr. Spikes neck as sh/
kissed Him. Mr. Spike's hand reached up to feel the wmn's cunt, which was
exposed, in Pryx style, through black crotchless panties.   "This cunt of yrs
has been fucked 3,000 times a year now for 46 years.  yr, a good example, Angel. 
I'm going to use yu, as soon as We/w/ initiate this piece of meat."

	"Thank yu, Sir," Missy heard the wmn say in a voice that was trembling
with passion.

	"Christ, yr cunt's as wet as the day I first used yu, when I was 19."

	He began rubbing hr clitoris and Missy saw hr moving hr hips in rhythm
with Mr. Spikes Man-ipulations.  hr movements became more and more unrestrained
as Mangrove Spike alternately pushed several fingers in hr cunt and rubbed
skillfully around hr erotic center.  "Permission for orgasm, Sir," sh/ said,
finally, in a strained voice.  "Granted, Angel," He said.  Missy heard the wmn
called "Angel" call out passionately in orgasm, "Oh! Use m/ like a Man!  Use m/
like a Man!" Missy registered this scene in hr mind.  wmn were never given names
on Pryx.  The use of a wmn's name could only indicate some extraordinary honor
that Angel had earned.  Perhaps it was the prolific sexual service...

	The older wmn, hr eyes glazed with passion, a bit unsteady now on hr
feet, approached Missy.  sh/ put the long-nailed fingers of one hand under
Missy's chin to lift it to look at hr.   Missy would not lift hr head for hr,
without express permission from the QuarterMaster.  "yu may lift yr head Missy,"
Mr. Spike said behind the older wmn.  Angel looked into Missy's eyes, "yr gonna
get the gang, Missy.  yr scanner readings were very, very good..." Angel lowered
hr voice, now, and whispered in Missy's ear so Mangrove Spike could not
overhear, "Just don't think of yrs/lf Missy.  Think of Their pleasure."

	 The QuarterMaster sidled up behind Angel and reached around to grasp hr
breasts.  He handled them roughly as He kissed hr on the neck.  "yr looking at a
prime piece of meat, here, Missy.  sh/'s won the Prize year after year." Mr.
Spike spoke in the proprietary tone that an ancient cattleMan might use about a
cow He owned.  Having spoken, Mr. Spike dropped a hand to Angel's cunt again and
began to Man-ipulate it.  Angel  bent hr knees slightly to push hr cunt into the
Man's hand.  Missy noticed a large glob of semen emerge from Angel's cunt and
slowly slide down to hr stocking top.  Angel's eyes glazed over again and sh/
moaned.

	Abruptly, Mangrove Spike ceased his Man-ipulations and barked an order
into hr ear.  "Secure the cunt!"

	Angel recovered hrs/lf and took Missy by the hand over to one of the
large, black leather chairs that sat in front of Mangrove Spike's desk.  sh/
pulled a lever and the chair shifted to form a table-like platform, with
stainless steel rings at the top.  Angel secured padded cuffs to Missy's wrists
and ankles and bent hr over the table, spreading hr legs so hr cunt was exposed. 
sh/ chained Missy's wristcuffs to the stainless steel rings on the top and found
similar rings down below to secure Missy's ankles.  Quickly and efficiently sh/
tied a blindfold over Missy's eyes and secured a ball gag in hr mouth.  Before
sh/ left, sh/ leaned to whisper one last time to Missy, "The QuarterMaster
fucked Me really hard while He watched yr scanner reading not an hour before yu
came in.  He wants yu in a fuck box bad.  So just relax.  yu'll get yr wish. 
But  remember.  Don't think of yrs/lf."

	Missy heard the click of Angel's heels head toward the door and go out. 
As Angel went out,  Missy heard the QuarterMaster taking out glasses at the bar. 
sh/ heard ice cubes clinking.  The QuarterMaster was humming to Himself.   It
was only a few minutes before sh/ heard the door open and some Men walk in
laughing and joking among Themselves.  They sounded as though They had been
drinking.  Their conversation was laced with crude obscenities and They shared a
sort of unrestrained comraderie that was very unfamiliar to Missy.  "Nothing I
like better than a new piece of meat," one of them said, strode over next to
Missy and slapped hr on a buttock.  "Hey, the seams aren't straight on this
bitch!" He said reaching His hand down to one of Missy's stockings and tugging
on it.  "Are yu getting soft with Angel?" QuarterMaster Spike said, "No.  As a
matter of fact around Angel I'm always hard."   Hardy laughter followed this
joke. 

	"Let's have a fucking drink," Mangrove Spike said, "then yu can ram this
bitch."  The Men all moved over and sat down in the spacious area behind
Mangrove Spike's desk. 

	"Manny," one of the Men said, "HardMan, here, has got yr suckretary's
lipstick on His prick.  Can yu believe that?  He's the only Guy I know Who'll be
headed for a gang and use every suckretary on the way.  The fucker produces
spunk by the gallon."

	"How was the flight," Mangrove Spike asked.

	"It was prime.  There was one on the flight who's gonna be the next
Angel.  That fucking bitch had two of us in hr mouth at once and drank the whole
load.  There has been some really good quality meat coming through in the last
few years," the one named Whipp Trax answered.

	"Speaking of quality meat," Mangrove Spike said, taking a sip of His
drink, "yu should see this cunt's scanner reading. This one's scanner reading
was so hot, Angel got a good raping."

	The Men snickered.

	"But that isn't all.  I just got a first class face-fuck from this
bitch.  sh/ sucks like a Mondray prostitute and sh/'s a 3 girl wh/'s 19.  You
know I slipped and gave hr a compliMent?"

	Drake Manx paused and sipped His drink.  "Manny, You never slip up.  I
remember the bitch wh/ won the Fuck Prize, when was it, back in 2872?  sh/ fuck
milked yu four consecutive times in the arena and yu just spit on hr and made hr
lick yr boots.   I knew yu'd be a FullMaster some day after I saw that."

	"Don't worry, if this bitch goes to Pryx, sh/'s going to pay in spades
for making Me weaken.  But I'm just telling yu, that bitch was born to wear
whore lipstick."

	"All this talk is making Me hard," Drake ManX, "I feel like some
ramming."

	Drake ManX walked up behind Missy, unzipped his pants, extracted His
large cock and pushed against Missy's cunt.  The talk must have aroused Missy. 
His cock slipped in easily. He began vigorously pumping in and out.

	"Manny, hand Me My drink," He said over His shoulder.  "Boy I like these
tight young ones," Drake ManX said, passion sounding in His throat.  After not
more than three minutes, Drake ManX clenched His teeth and spurt His semen into
Missy.  He didn't miss a sip on His drink.  He slapped Missy hard on a buttock
as He extracted Himself.  "Don't get arrogant, bitch.  yr never getting to Pryx,
if yu think about yrs/lf.  yr going to get more from Me before we're done."

	Whipp Trax was next.  He approached hr and felt hr wet cunt, playing
with His fingers in the thick semen that was there.

	 "They've got good birth control policies here on 3.  It makes it much
more fun to use the gang." He traced the seam of Missy's stocking down to hr
shoe and bent over and traced the shoeline around hr foot.  Then He felt the
thin high heel down to the floor.  "These shoes are meant to hurt you, bitch,"
He said coldly.  "But they make a bitch wiggle like a Mondray whore.  Nothing
better than an ass jacked up on high heels," He said, extracting a very large
member from His pants and thrusting it into Missy as casually as one would
scratch one's nose.

	The large prick hurt as it went in, but became more comfortable after it
slid back and forth.  Missy felt for the first time a pain in hr heart.  The
thought came out in hr mind, "What fucking bastards!  They're RAPING me!" Planet
3 emphasized wmn's rights and autonomy, and rape, every girl from the age of 11
knew, was the most horrible of crimes in all the galaxies.  It was unknown on
Pryx and girls often fantasized about what it would be like.  But there was the
pain in Missy's heart.

	 As she heard the controlled breathing of Whipp Trax as he violated her,
she felt a revulsion well up inside of her.  "I'm just an animal to these men!"
her mind screamed.  Something in her wanted to pull hard against the bonds that
held her.  She wanted to spit out the cruel mouth gag that took away her voice.  
She began sweating and she felt on the verge of convulsive writhing.

	 sh/ had dreamed of Pryx for so long.  sh/ had craved the truth of Pryx
in hr heart and soul.  sh/ had fed the deepest truth into the scanner, yet hr
conditioning now was betraying hr.  'Don't think of yrs/lf. ' sh/ took hold of
these words and held tight.  'It's for Their pleasure.' 'Don't think of yrs/lf.'
sh/ let hr mind shift away from hr feelings of confinement. 'The Pryx grl always
has a Man-pleasing smile on hr face,' that was the subtitle that sh/ recalled
from the forbidden book.  'Man-pleasure is the one pleasure.' sh/ concentrated
on the pleasure sh/ was giving the Man Who was using hr.  With self-discipline
sh/ found sh/ could pull hrs/lf away from the thoughts of violation and purely
yield hrs/lf to the experience.  sh/ was surprised with the welling of pleasure
in hr womb as sh/ changed hr focus.  sh/ felt hr body glow with erotic passion,
set loose from the confining judgements sh/'d been forced to learn on 3.  'I
want to be raped.  I need to be raped.' These were the words sh/ had written
only that year in the journal hr parents never would see.

	"Mmmm, unnff," was all that Whipp Trax said as He released a flood of
semen into Missy.  He reached up and slid His hands between the leather platform
and hr tits, fondling them roughly.  "I felt the bitch loosen up.  I got hr to
understand something, maybe You can teach hr a real lesson HardMan."

	Missy heard the steps of HardMan behind hr.  He was the One Who'd used
the suckretary before.  sh/ felt fingers prodding hr cunt, slipping in and out
easily now over the semen of two Men.  "You say You felt hr loosen up?" HardMan
asked.

	Whipp Trax responded, "Like sh/d been in a fuck booth for a year!"

	Missy felt a surge of pride in hr heart, but had little time to savor as
sh/ felt the enormous Prick of HardMan enter her.  sh/ was suspended, for a
moMent, between pain and pleasure.   hr body began to involuntarily tremble now
with the power of this erotic invasion.  None of hr boyfriends came close to
these three Men in size and HardMan's cock stretched hr to hr limit.  Drool
started oozing from the edges of hr gag and sh/ could feel hr erect tit nipples
rub and chafe against the leather as hr body moved from the crude, pounding of
HardMan's relentless Prick. 



	Missy had fantasized being really used.  sh/ had imagined it a hundred
times in masturbation.  Planet 3 boys were nice and that was the problem.  The
excitement in hr soul brought fear and disgust forward that sh/ forcefully
suppressed.  sh/ wanted to clear the pathways of hr being to experience the
Truth.  Pushing aside hr lingering doubts and the flutterings of fear in hr
stomach sh/ felt hr body surge forward in encompassing orgasm.  A flood of hr
juices squirted out over the enormous Prick and gave it lubrication to assume hr
even more deeply.  "We're going to teach yu what yr for, bitch," sh/ heard
HardMan say as He squirted a prodigious quantity of semen into hr.  "And I want
to learn what I'm for," sh/ answered in hr thoughts as hr body was wracked with
the most profound orgasm of hr young life.

	The Men took one more turn each with Missy, but They all did it
silently.  Missy took it as a sign that sh/ was going to be accepted.  And it
was true.  The Man vote, taken later in the day after a refreshing nap, was
unanimous.  Missy continued to have orgasms until sh/ could not count them, as
sh/ took a second spurt of semen from each Man.

	When HardMan finished His second turn, He turned to the rest of the Men
and said, "Where's Angel.  I want to use that bitch." The men laughed
uproariously, as Mangrove Spike rang the bell for Angel.  "Now, sh/'s got a cunt
to take care of, HardMan.  Let hr take care of hr first.  Then I'm going to fuck
Angel.  When I'm done the gang can have hr."  With this the Men left by some
sort of side door just as Angel was coming in.

	Missy was still in the spasms of orgasm, as Angel approached.  Angel
brushed hr fingers against Missy's cunt and a huge gob of semen fell onto the
floor.  "Oh, my, yu did a good job with them.  They filled yu up properly," sh/
said in hr cheerful tone.  sh/ undid the bonds on Missy's hands and feet, took
off the mouth gag and the blindfold and removed the leather wrist cuffs.  "Now,
h/n/y, the Men are going to vote.   They came around a second time, didn't They. 
That's a very good sign.  I've seen grl's rejected before th/y got to the
cocksuck.  Others a Man will put a Prick in hr and not like the feeling.  That's
it!  Oh, They're terribly fussy on Pryx.  Terribly fussy.  He'll just say, 'Get
this bitch out of My sight,' and that's it.  sh/'s destined for another planet."

	Solicitously, Angel helped Missy off with hr Pryx costume.  When sh/ was
naked sh/ took a wet washcloth and washed hr down, but did not wash hr private
parts.   "No douching tonight, h/n/y.  Take it from a Pryx grl.  Mangrove will
want to hear that yu kept in in yu all night.  Tomorrow morning yu'll get the
call."

	Missy put on hr panties, jeans and blouse, her tennis shoes and walked
out of the Planet Pryx interview office.  sh/noticed that the suckretary's ball
gag was back in hr mouth as sh/ struggled to type with hr very long false nails. 

	Missy was in a daze.  HardMan had felt so right and so true.  sh/ wanted
to see His face and see what His body looked like.  sh/ was incredibly sore in
hr cunt, but it was good soreness.  sh/ was leaking prodigious amounts of seMen,
also.  After studying so hard and practicing for the scanner reading so long,
sh/ had wanted to have a perfect interview.  Had They noticed that hr heart had
rejected Them for a few moMents?  Had They picked up on the residual fear and
self-centeredness?  sh/ cursed the Planet 3 educational system for poisoning hr
mind.  sh/ went through cycles of elation and depression.  But the interview had
been as sh/ expected and more than anything sh/ wanted the Man vote to go hr
way.  sh/ Masterbaited, when sh/ got home, feeling the squishy, smelly remainder
of the three Men.  sh/ knew sh/ could have fucked more.  The passion did not
subside in hr, but lingered for hours and hours.

	Missy started as sh/ heard hr phone ring and 6 o'clock in the morning. 
It was Mangrove Spike, "Did yu clean out yr cunt when yu went home, bitch," were
the first words out of His mouth. 

	"No."

	"yr accepted as a Pryx grl.  yr cocksuck rating was excellent and yr
fuck ratings were very high, " he said.

	"There's a six month waiting period for the next flight.  yu'll come in
to the planetary offices once a week for information and training sessions.  yr
next appointment will be next Weds. at 3 p. m."

	For a moment Missy felt a surge of elation like sh/'d never experienced. 
But sh/ was quickly brought down to earth by the fact that sh/'d now have to
tell hr parents.  They'd have a fit.  sh/ so much wanted to talk to someone, but
there was no one to talk to.  It was such an irony.  It was the happiest day of
hr life and there was no one to share it with.  Well.  sh/ resolved sh/ was
going to tell hr parents right away.  sh/ didn't want to have to hide hr true
feelings anymore.

	That night Missy went over to hr parents house.  They knew that sh/'d
taken the scanner some weeks before, so they had been waiting to hear the
results.  Missy, as sensible as ever, had them sit down in the livingroom. 
"Mom.  Dad. I've been selected for the Planet Pryx and I'm going to go."

	"Missy, I forbid it," was hr father's response.

	"Dad.  I'm majority age now.  I've lived alone for more than a year. 
I've thought about this a lot.  More than you'd ever know."

	"But, Missy, it's so tough for womyn there," hr mother said.  hr mother
was very strong in her egalilatrian values.

	"I know it's tough, Mom.  But I want it tough.  You have to believe me."

	"Missy, do you know you're the fourth girl among my friends who's
qualified for Pryx and wants to go?  What's happening with this generation." hr
mother said.

	"Maybe having all these rights and freedoms isn't for all of us.  And
maybe it's a freedom just to be who we really are!"Missy said, expressing her
truth for the first time.

	"You call complete slavery, freedom?" hr mother said.  hr father had
abandoned the argument in stunned silence.

	"It's who I am mother!  I'm proud of myself, Mom.  I know I can be a
good slave, a happy slave.  I know it to the bottom of my heart.  These free
bitches disgust me," she said, regretting this sharpness.

	Her mother looked at her like she was looking at a complete stranger. 
"That's just the type of shocking rhetoric the other girls used.  Lynny Madder
told me that all her daughter talked about was corset training and she called
Planet 3 women, 'stupid cunts who don't know their place.'"

	"w/ can get carried away with //r rhetoric, Mom.  But I'll tell you the
truth, I fantasized about the things on Pryx long before I ever even heard about
it."

	"We certainly did everything to steer you away from such things.
Everything." hr mother said, trying to assuage her own guilt.

	"You did!  You did, Mom!  I discovered Pryx on my own.  And I wanted
Pryx on my own.  For years!  I know you can't be really happy for me.  But I am
overjoyed."

	Her mother and father looked at each other sadly and shrugged.  Her
father spoke, "This is a complete shock to me.  I wanted so much for you to
remain here and grow up equal and free.  But you've always been sensible, Missy. 
Always.  If this is what you want, I support you.  And we'll visit as often as
we can."

	 Missy hugged her father and wept.  "Daddy, I love you so much!"

	Missy's mother hugged her also and put her hands on her cheeks to look
her in the eye. "You're our prize, Missy.  We love you so much.  We just wanted
what we thought was best for you."

	"I know Mom.  I know," Missy said tearfully.

	"But before you go, talk to aunt Lacy, your dad's sister.  We've never
told you this, but she lived on Pryx for 5 years, just at the time it became a
habitable planet"

	"So aunt Lacy was one of the founding m/th/rs!"

	"She was Missy.  But don't worry.  She won't try to dissuade you.  She's
never had a bad word to say about the place.  She left to have a family and
decided not to go back.  She can tell you everything."

-----------

	Missy entered the Pryx planetary office to find Mangrove Spike standing
over the suckretary, pushing His cock into hr open mouth as sh/ knelt before
Him.  As usual His teeth were clenched on His smelly cigar.  In one hand was a
glass of scotch.

	"Over here, cunt," He said out of the side of his mouth.

	Missy walked over to Him.  "Kiss me submissively on the mouth, I'm about
to come in this bitch's face," the QuarterMaster ordered, taking His cigar out,
and Missy took hr first, foul smelling taste of a Pryx Man's mouth.  Mr. Spike's
tongue pushed hrs aside and thrust itself stiffly into hr mouth cavity.  sh/
felt the slight gasp He gave as He released His seMen into the suckretary's
mouth.  Breaking off His kiss, He said to the suckretary, "Let the seMen drip
down on yr chin and leave it dry there.  I want everyone to know yr face is
being used for its proper purpose, cunt!"

	He turned, withdrawing His penis from the mouth of the suckretary so
that He could concentrate on kissing Missy. Putting down His drink and cigar on
the nearby desk, He brought His hands up to feel both of Missy's breasts as he
returned to kiss hr passionately.  His thumb and forefinger settled on Missy's
nipples and He pinched them lightly as He kissed hr, it was more a matter of
control than a matter of causing pain.  Missy became aroused and started to
groan.  Holding on to hr tit nipples, Mangrove Spike, withdrew from kissing hr
and looked at hr face, hr eyes now shut.  "That's a good little whore," He said,
"yu know what yr good for."

	He snapped His fingers and Angel came in, "Get this meat into hr clothes
and into the lecture hall."

	"Yes, Sir," Angel said, getting down, now on hr hands and knees to kiss
His boots in fealty.

	After Mangrove Spike had gone Angel took Missy by the hand and lead hr
to the dressing rooms.  "My, my, Missy.  yu really took a rough gang.  They can
sure pump," sh/ said with a mixture of surprise and pride.  sh/, too, of course,
had fallen victim to Them.  "But I knew the way Mangrove had Me during yr
scanner that yu belonged on Pryx.  He just doesn't get that way.  He stays in
control." sh/ looked sideways at Missy, "But don't tell that I'm talking out of
school."

	When th/y got to the dressing room, Missy's Pryx attire had been all
laid out for hr.  "Get out of yr clothes, naked, and bow down and kiss each and
every accoutrement.  That's how w/ do it on Pryx.  That's what the founding
m/th/rs did every day of th//r slavery.   And unless Man-ordered otherwise, w/
do it always."

	Missy bowed down and kissed the cruel high heels, kissed the hose,
kissed the difficult corset, kissed the crotchless panties and kissed each
ornament laid out for hr.  "It's time for yu to put yr Pryx grl outfit  yrs/lf
and to do yr own make-up."

	Angel watched with vicarious pleasure as Missy donned, once again, the
unfamiliar garMents that would be hr destiny.  Angel would make little comments,

	"The leverage is in front on the corset.  Pull as hard as yu can." "The
black seams must be perfectly straight.  There are strict punishMents for
sloppiness." "Whore lipslicker goes on three times to please, Missy." And so on.

	When Missy had carefully made hrs/lf up, with hr false eyelashes thick
with mascara, and finished touching up the long false nails that seemed to glue
on and be removable with a special liquid quite easily, sh/ turned to Angel. 
"How do I look, Angel."  "Better than a Mondray whore, Missy.  Better than a
Mondray whore."

	Missy walked, unsteadily, in hr billowing cloud of strong perfume into a
lecture hall in which were plastic seats with lubricated dildos protruding from
them.  More than forty Pryx recruits were already seated there when Missy
arrived, all of them accoutred identically.   It only struck Missy then, that
the scanner was finding Many more Pryx grls on 3 than anyone would have ever
imagined!

	After some delay a Man with leather pants that revealed an open crotch,
His penis quite erect, walked up to the front of the hall. "Cuntholes" He began.
"yu sit here today before Me in Man-pleasing garb, all well-raised cunt from the
Planet 3.

	No one compelled yu to take this journey.  It is a voluntary one and
until the day yu step onto the vehicle to travel to Pryx, yu are free to reject
Pryx and rescan for another planet.  No Man has forced yu to take the path yu
take.  Likewise it is with the Planet Pryx.  It was a petition from wmn and only
wmn that convinced the Galactic Legislature to allow the formation of a created
Patriarchal Planet.  Tonight through slides, films and lectures yu will learn
about the extraordinary fight of these wmn for erotic right-lessness."

	The lights dimmed and an old flickering video was shown.  It was a video
of the founding m/th/rs  appeal to the Galactic Legislature.  The wmn in the
room gasped as th/y saw the m/th/rs wearing the very garb these wmn now wore
filing into the Galactic Legislative chamber.  There the wmn made a point of
handing th//r stateMent to a Man and then, to make clear th//r point of view,
th/y all donned red ball gags, as He read the stateMent.

	"w/ hold these truths to be self-evident that all wmn are created
unequal to Men and have a right to be ruled by Them should those wmn choose..."

	That was the beginning line of the Cunts-tits-tution that th/y would
later write.  The stateMent continued,  "w/ were born to be cuntholes, to be
slavefucks, to be ruled by Men and abused by Them should Men choose.  w/ abjure
all rights and priveleges accorded in so Many planets of the galaxy and choose
instead erotic slavery as w/ shall designate in //r Cunts-tits-tution.  w/ bow
in sincere servility to the Galactic Legislature and beg it to grant /s the
creation of a Patriarchal Planet, contoured as wmn slaves wish it, to be ruled
by Men."

	The display had stunned all of the legislative committee and angered
many of them (the committee at that point consisted of 8 women and 7 men).  It
was the woman from planet 3 who demanded that the ball gags be removed and the
women speak in their own voices.  "How do we know that you are not being
manipulated by unscrupulous men?"

	One of the founding mothers responded eloquently, "Many of us have been
subject to arrest on //r various planets.  Even Mondray, which produces
courtesans whom Men from every planet seek out, has banned women from wearing
garb such as //rs unless they are a licensed courtesan.  w/ have been outlawed
as subversives on Planet 3 and 46 other so-called democratic planets, just
because our pleasure is in Man rule and total submission.  w/ know where //r
pleasure is!  The great majority of us are from free planets and there is not a
single wmn among us from Drogg.  //r collective education level is far beyond
galactic norms.  It is /s wmn wh/ have chosen to write this Cunts-tits-tution. 
Certainly, //r Masters and Other Men Who use /s have been supportive and
encouraging, but every word comes from a wmn.

	There is no doubt that because w/ explicitly give all rights to Men and
Men only on //r proposed planet, that there is possibility of abuse.   But yu
will note in the paragraphs on the qualification for Pryx Males w/ are very,
very specific.  Men Who wish to inhabit Pryx will have to pass the an empathy
scan and take verbal and philosophical tests that are very rigorous.  Of course,
They also will be required to take sexual performance tests (as will the wmn) to
qualify.  w/  yearn for Man rule and wmn like /s have politically lobbied for a
planet such as this for over 200 years.

	Let no one be mislead.  wmn will continue to practice submission in
defiance of th//r planetary laws because th/y wish to be untrammelled in
s/lf-expression.  my Master continued to rule m/ during my/ four prison terms
and my first private act each time was to go to the shelter of my home and bow
to lick His boots. i am a slavewhore with a slavewhore's pride. i renounce all
yr rights!  yu cannot force m/ to accept them.  Give /s a Man-ruled planet where
wmn like /s, the Many, Many wmn like /s,  can follow th//r hearts!" With this
stateMent the wmn defiantly put hr ball gag into hr mouth and all the oth/r wmn/
followed.	

	In the end, after an extraordinarily contentious debate, and close
scrutinizing of the submitted "Cunts-tits-tution," 8 members of the Galactic
Subcommittee on new planets agreed to the creation of the first created
Patriarchal planet to be called Pryx by request of the petitioners.

	The wmn wh/ had petitioned for Pryx were an extraordinary band of
political agitators.  th/y held bondage protests where th/y were bound and
gagged in public by th//r Masters, ironically to be freed from th//r bonds by
the police.  th/y defied the dress police on several planets, openly wearing the
radical Pryx grl garb of th//r underground moveMent.  So much had this dress
become associated with th//r moveMent that th/y ordained it in the
Cunts-tits-tution.  (Of course, the clause could be overruled at any time by a
majority Man vote).

	 th/y held "The right to rightlessness," rallies on most planets.  Even
on conservative planets where males had more rights than the wmn, there was
usually opposition to the radical propositions of the "Pryx agitators." as th/y
came to be called.  The conservative planets, where wmn often had very limited
rights, were often sexually very conservative and were appalled at the notion of
untrammelled sexuality implicit in the Pryx ideals.  At the end of the video
presentation each Pryx m/th/r's face was showed, with red ball gag in hr mouth,
and Missy's heart leapt to hr throat when sh/ saw hr aunt Lacy, then only 20
years old.

	Missy loved the Pryx grl outfit and very reluctantly parted with it,
when the presentation, which included a lecture by Angel entitled, "The Freedom
of Slavery," was completed.  Like most of the grls Missy  didn't like the
waiting period and sh/ decried the social conservatism of hr planet where
wearing Pryx grl garb would create so Many problems.  sh/ wanted to start
dressing as a Pryx grl immediately.

	When Missy got home, sh/ immediately called hr aunt Lacy.  sh/ had been
one of hr favorite relatives and they'd spent considerable time together when
Missy was a young girl.  Lacy was now in hr mid 60's.

	 "Aunt Lacy!  yu were one of the founding m/th/rs of Pryx!"

	"Yes.  I was, darling, but remember that this is super secret.  No one
must know here.  I'd just be totally shunned."

	"I know auntie.  No one understands."

	"Come and see me Missy.  We've got lots to talk about."

	Missy wasted no time in packing up to visit aunt Lacy for the weekend. 
sh/ was dying to share hr feelings with anyone.

	Missy arrived at hr aunt Lacy's door on Saturday afternoon.  sh/ knew hr
uncle Dom would be on an out of town trip until the late afternoon.  sh/ rang
the doorbell and found the door was open, so as usual sh/ went in.  sh/ couldn't
find hr aunt anywhere downstairs so sh/ went upstairs.  hr aunt's bedroom door
was ajar and Missy was astonished to see hr aunt, bound and gagged on the floor,
wearing the Pryx grl dress.  On the dresser was a note from hr uncle Dom,
"Missy, yu may untie the fuckhole and speak to hr. sh/ has My permission to be
ungagged."   Missy's hands were trembling with excitement as sh/ undid the
carefully tied ropes on hr aunt's hands and feet. 

	"yu and uncle Dom practice Pryx customs?"

	"Yes, We/we have Missy, for more than forty years now. i didn't like
this, being tied for yu to see like this, but uncle Dom wanted to show yu i was
kept in my place."

	"But what about Susie and Tommy?  Do they know?"

	"They don't know.  We/we kept it all behind locked doors and very subtle
outside.  But since they've left home Dom has really put m/ in my place."

	"Missy, I love the Pryx ways.  We/we only moved from the planet to have
children.  As yu know, the atmosphere there is such that wmn stop ovulating
immediately.   i had actually planned to return to Pryx after Tommy and Susie
reached 19.  i passed the Pryx test, easily, but Dom failed the empathy scanner
three times. i didn't want to go without Him, obviously."

	"It's so stunning to m/ that yu follow Pryx ways.  I thought nobody on 3
even thought about Pryx."

	"That's the surface, Missy.  And, of course, anything remotely 'sexist'
is outlawed.  Pryx grl shoes and any like them are illegal here.  People risk
getting arrested if they practice in the most innocent ways.  But, don't believe
what yu see.

	There are a lot of Pryx publications that circulate on the black market. 
And there are quite a number of covert practioners."

	"Yes, auntie, i saw a publication entitled, The Pleasures of Pryx when i
was 15."

	"Usually, that's a sign that a family has come back from Pryx.  That one
is the most difficult to get," aunt Lacy said.

	"But why do families come to such an egalitarian place like 3 to have
kids.  Couldn't yu just go to Drogg."

	Missy's aunt redid hr lipslicker three times before sh/ answered.

	"Drogg is a very hard planet.  The climate is harsh and because of the
primitiveness the Men have very low empathy readings.  Mind yu, Masters on Pryx
often do send th//r cunts to live on Drogg for, sometimes, extended periods. 
And i know of several Pryx grls wh/ found the monogamy on Drogg attractive and
were allowed by th//r Masters to go there permanently.  But the pleasure for Me
in Pryx was that i was allowed to freely choose it. i don't think anyone can
appreciate either slavery or Mastery properly unless He/sh/ has really known
freedom and equality.  i dearly hoped that Susie and Tommy would scan for Pryx.
But that's ok.  I'm just so pleased that someone in the family will know Pryx. 
yu were the last one I thought would scan for it."

	"Oh.  Auntie! yu know i feel like i was born for Pryx.  The idea of
equality between Men and wmn just disgusts m/," Missy started becoming
emotional.

	"yu sound like yr auntie when sh/ was young.  Just accept the fact that
Many wmn are perfectly happy being equals.  But believe m/ there is no equality
in this house," aunt Lacy said.

	"But how did yu do it when the kids were in the house?"

	"Very subtely.  i still had my cunt piercings from Pryx, so uncle Dom
just kept m/ locked except when He wanted to use Me.  Of course, when i went to
the gynecologist i would have to take the lock out.  That is, Master  allowed Me
to take it out.  And there were many other things.  When i had my breakfast in
Our/our bedroom, i ate it without using my hands from a bowl on the floor like a
cunt dog.  Also, He would cut a rose stem and wrap it in just enough cloth and
make Me wear it in my panties next to my cunt to remind m/ of Him everywhere i
went.  Don't worry, He knew how to keep m/ in my place.  And I just loved it."

	"Oh, god.  I just love that, auntie.  That's what a real wmn is like. It
just is!"

	"Oh, Missy, yu don't know how much i've wanted to hear someone in //r
family say that!  Susie is just an egalitarian, bitch!  Oh. I didn't mean to say
that.  sh/'s a good grl, but I so much wanted hr to be...yes, a real wmn,
Missy."

	"Oh, auntie, i so much want to be a real wmn, a groveling whore
cunthole.  i want to be rammed and used by Men, auntie. i want to be owned by a
Master and be rightless, like yu were auntie."

	"Like, i  am, sweetie.  Like i am.  God, I love yr language.  yu think
like a pure Pryx grl.  fuckwhore, cunthole, fuckslut, holewhore, fuckbitch, cock
slave, cocksuck place... That's what i am, Missy, as far as We/we can Manage
it."

	"Tell m/ more about yr fight for Pryx.  It was so tough, back then. 
Egalitarianism was sweeping the galaxy!"

	"Missy, for some of /s i think it's in the DNA. i had fantasies of
submission from the time i was a little child. i used to dream of a king, like
on the Medieval Planet, wh/ would put m/ thru incredible tests of endurance. 
Oh, the thrill of that challenge!  And at 10 when i started Masterbaiting,
that's what i would think about.

	i would pinch my titties so hard!  When i was teenager i started
pinching clothespins on my titties, first when i Masterbaited, and then just to
test mys/lf."

	"Oh, auntie.  That's how i was since i was little!"

	"Well, i met Dom when i was 16.  He was so empathic and He never would
get shocked.  So once when We/we were making out, i just stopped and told Him my
fantasies.  He said, 'Lacy, I can't believe yr telling Me this!' At first, i
thought i had shocked Him horribly.  But He said, 'I've just joined this club
called the Dominators.  We talk about planets like Drogg where wmn are treated
like chattel.  We like the idea of wmn having no rights, particularly when it
comes to sex.'"

	"I don't know what got into m/, Missy, to this day, i don't know, but i
just said to Dom, 'Pinch my titties, Dommy, just pinch my tit nipples as hard as
yu can.'

	Thank god, for birth control.  I was a virgin up till that day."

	"Well, Dom and i started Pryx practices.  After about six months, He
introduced Me to the Dominators and i became servant to them."

	"Sexually, too!?"

	"Yes, sexually also.  We/we sort of worked up to a gang.  First I'd just
do it with someone else, after Dommy was done.  Then, somehow, i started taking
four or five in a row.  At last, I'd take the gang of eight. i would have
orgasms till i was screaming, Missy.  God, i love a gang.  That's the one thing
i really miss, now.  Dommy's a real Pryx Master.  In fact, He's harsher now,
than on Pryx.  But it's just too risky, socially, to do the gang.  i don't mind
being arrested. i was arrested many times in the agitations.  But, it would be
such a blow to Susie and Tommy."

	"So, how did you get into the agitations?"

	"Well, one of the Dominators, His m/th/r and Father practiced seriously. 
And He introduced m/ to His m/th/r.  sh/ became the leader of the Pryx
agitation.

	And, i was young and enthusiastic.  It was so exciting.  wmn from every
planet but Drogg where th/y're all illiterate wrote /s the most incredible
communications. wmn were just crying out for Pryx, by the millions----  Let's go
down and have a cup of coffee, Missy.  Dom's coming home early," aunt Lacy said. 
Missy admired the way aunt Lacy expertly negotiated the stairway in hr Pryx high
heels.

	Aunt Lacy continued hr telling of the story of the Pryx agitations,
about the branding demonstration when 20 wmn were publicly branded by th//r
Masters only to be arrested.  sh/ was telling about this incident, when th/y
heard the door shut.

	It was uncle Dom. 

	"Where is the cunthole?" He called out.

	"sh/ is in the kitchen with Missy," sh/ answered.

	As uncle Dom walked in the kitchen door, aunt Lacy, knelt to kiss and
lick His shoes.

	"Up, bitch," He said as He snapped His fingers.  When sh/ arose, He felt
in aunt Lacy's cunt, completely ignoring Missy.  Still fingering hr cunt, He
kissed hr passionately.  Expertly He worked hr cunt, while kissing hr lips, neck
and tits.  aunt

	Lacy was soon in the throes of passionate response.  "Are yu going to
cum for Me, bitch?"

	"Yes, Sir, as yu ordain, Sir," aunt Lacy gasped.  This exchange itself
seemed to tip aunt Lacy over the edge and sh/ let hr knees go weak, grinding on
uncle Dom's hand as sh/ let hrs/lf flow into deep orgasm.  hr eyes were closed.

	"I'll fuck yu later cunt. I want to have a little talk with our niece."

	"Yes, Sir,"  Lacy said, somewhat unsteady on hr feet.  sh/ immediately
went to the kitchen table and got hr make-up case out and did hr make-up with
triple lipslicker.

	"Lay down, face up at My feet," he said.  aunt Lacy complied.

	He sat now, so that the bottom of one foot was pressed against Lacy's
face and His other foot rested against hr right breast, His heel resting upon it
firmly.  He sat this way comfortably, without embarassment or any sense that
there was anything unsusual about it, that a Man would sit with His boot shoved
in a wmn's face.

	"Missy.  yu don't know what a pleasure it is for Me to know that yu've
been selected as Pryx meat," He began.  "This boot licking piece of meat here,"
He pointed to aunt Lacy on the floor, "won more than one Prize on Pryx.  And sh/
stays in hr cunt place, here, too." Uncle Dom lit up a cigar, took a puff and
looked thoughtful.  He shifted His right foot so it rested against both tits of
aunt Lacy, but the other foot He seemed purposely to allow to rest on hr face.

	"This one here," He said, pointing with His cigar to aunt Lacy, "is
still a good juicy cunt fuck.  sh/ doesn't need lubrication.  And sh/ won
several face-fuck Prizes on Pryx.  When sh/ was younger sh/ could cocksuck ten
Men to orgasm in 30 minutes.  It isn't all physical technique.  A cunt has to
have the attitude.  A Man has to know that that bitch's mouth belongs to Him,
that at that moMent His prick is the only thing that matters.  Oh yes, I think
yr aunt Lacy could still win a face-fuck Prize or two on Pryx.  Missy, do yu
mind getting Me a scotch and soda, dear."

	Missy complied letting hr uncle's new demeanor sink in a bit.  He had
never even cussed in front of hr before and now He talked pure Pryx Man talk.

	Uncle took a long drink from His scotch and readjusted His foot, leaving
the boot bottom against aunt Lacy's well-painted lips.  "I use this bitch for
furniture, when it pleases Me.  I especially like a high-heeled hassock I can
fuck.

	I don't think "3" people could ever understand the pleasure I get and
the pleasure aunt Lacy gets."

	Missy saw this as hr place to speak, "They don't uncle Dommy.  They
think all wmn want is pure equality.  It's a bunch of bullshit.  wmn just want
to be fucked!"

	Uncle Dom smiled and took a drag on His cigar, "Spoken just like yr aunt
Lacy.  Oh, how I wish Tommy and Susie understood.  We/we've got them trained so
they don't come over on surprise visits, but I just wish they could see Us/ us
as We/we really are."  "Bitch, fetch the dildo and bring it here," He said to
aunt Lacy.  aunt Lacy, got up, and moving slowly and deliberately on hands and
knees opened a box in the kitchen with hr teeth and reached in with hr mouth to
extract a large black dildo.  sh/ crawled back the same way to uncle Dom's
waiting hand.  Without further prompting sh/ positioned hrs/lf    by the side of
His chair so that He could insert the dildo into hr cunt.  He turned the dildo
on to a low vibration.  "Now, I don't want yu coming, cunt.  yr going to hold
back yr orgasms until it pleases Me."

	"No, Missy.  yr aunt Lacy has no fucking rights in this house.  sh/ is
My slave to do with as I please and I find plenty to do with hr."

	"That's the way it should be between a Man and a wmn," Missy said,
becoming emotional at being able to express hr true feelings out loud.

	"The Cunts-tits-tution declares that a wmn is nothing but a hole for a
Man to fill as He should choose," uncle Dom said.

	"And yr niece Missy knows that sh/'s nothing but a hole.  I just know it
uncle Dommy.  I've known it for a long time," Missy said passionately.

	"I joined a group called the Dominators when I was 17.  I had only known
Lacy for a few months.  sh/ was still a virgin.  I think I was meant to be a
Master, maybe a really cruel Master.  Certainly, from the day I looked at the
Pryx literature in Our little club, I knew what I wanted to do.   But, I wasn't
going to force it on any wmn.  I didn't feel that was right.  I guess it was
fate that brought yr aunt Lacy to Me.  sh/ wanted to be hurt and used. 
Actually, sh/ asked Me to initiate it."

	"I know uncle Dommy.  sh/ told Me."

	"yu don't know what a pleasure it is for a Man to hurt a wmn who
understands.  It creates such a pure bond."

	"I want that bond, Uncle Dommy."

	It was obvious that aunt Lacy was struggling to hold down hr sexual
excitement.  The vibrating vibrator was having its effect. 

	"Cunt.  I said no orgasm!" Uncle Dom said with a note of cruelty in His
voice.  With this, He turned up the vibrator a notch and went to the box in the
kitchen to get a red mouth gag which He put into aunt Lacy's mouth. 

	"I don't want to hear the cunt's grunting and groaning."

	He left Lacy by the chair and said to Missy, "I'm going to put on
something more comfortable and then I'm going to show yu some pictures of yr
aunt Lacy acting like a wmn."

	Missy wanted to say something to hr aunt Lacy, who was clearing
struggling to hold back orgasm on hr hands and knees on the floor, but thought,
"No.  Uncle Dom sees hr as an object.  I shouldn't speak to hr unless, He
indicates it's appropriate." Lacy, in accord with Missy's understanding, made no
gesture or indication to Missy that sh/ expected acknowledgement.

	

	Uncle Dom returned from His bedroom dressed in Pryx Man attire.  He wore
leather from vest to boot with various punishMent instruments hanging from His
belt.  He took a flexible rod from His belt and, removing the dildo,  pulled 
down aunt Lacy's panties and began to strike hr with progressively more
vigourous blows.  He did this with an air of casual presumption, sometimes
sipping scotch between blows.  Pronounced red stripes began to form on aunt
Lacy's buttocks.

	"Missy, I punish aunt Lacy at My whim.  I enjoy it."

	Missy looked at Him in wonder and let hr true feelings come to the fore,
"And that's a Man's privilege."

	"yu know the reason my empathy ratings are so low is Lacy.  sh/'s turned
into a full fledged masochist.  Pryx grls, of course, are very submissive and
th/y do have a strong masochistic streak, but Lacy really likes the whip, more
than sh/ ever has.  And sh/ says sh/ wants Me to be more callous than even I
have been used to.  I think it's the fact that there is no gang and I'm the only
one Who fuck uses hr.  sh/ really liked the very extensive fuck usage a cunt
gets on Pryx."

	"So yu whip aunt Lacy," Missy said with some suprise.

	"Oh, yes. We/we have a very nice basement dungeon that We/we can convert
to an ordinary looking basement very easily.  sh/'s just been crazy about
getting hr stripes lately.  One can never tell with a cunt what's going to come
into hr head."

	"Oh, yes," He continued, "the pictures."

	Uncle Dom brought out a large folder with Many pictures of aunt Lacy in
various bondage positions.  Some showed hr crouched by the couch in "hassock"
position.  Several showed the severe stripes on hr back and buttocks from
whippings.  Several showed what seemed cruel clamps on hr tits and cunt lips.

	"aunt Lacy has brought out My cruelty lately.  I whipped bitches, of
course, on Pryx, as a matter of course, but I didn't take the deep pleasure in
seeing a wmn hurt like I do now.  Lacy has brought out My sadistic side in a
pretty strong way.  Some days it's more like Drogg around here."

	Missy, interrupted, "Another drink, uncle?"

	"Yes, Missy and come over here by the couch and sit with Me.  I'm going
to use aunt Lacy as a hassock.  sh/'s a god damn good boot rest," with this He
got Lacy up and moved hr to a position by the couch.  There He reinserted the
vibrating dildo.

	"Uncle Dommy," Missy was in an emotional state and really needed to
express hrs/lf, "this is the kind of relationship i want. i want to know my
place."

	Listening intently, Uncle Dom reached down to turn up the intensity of
the dildo in aunt Lacy's cunt.  "Have yr orgasm now cunt," he said to aunt Lacy
who was kneeling before Him being used as a hassock for Him to rest His booted
feet.  aunt Lacy responded with a deep, full moan and hr body began to subtlely
convulse.  The conversation was suspended for a number of minutes as orgasm
after orgasm took over aunt Lacy's body.  When the trembling had ceased, uncle
Dom, removed the dildo, but left the mouth gag in place on aunt Lacy.

	Missy continued, "How does a Pryx grl choose a Master?"

	"Well, actually, Missy, sh/ doesn't have to choose a Master.  sh/ can
remain a 'servant of Men.' It's not so common, but some wmn prefer not to have a
single Master."

	"But then where does sh/ live?"

	"Well, sh/ can just stay in the fuckbooth, where yu'll be assigned for
the first year.  The fuckbooth is a public place along the street accessible to
any Man for His pleasure.  One at a time, of course.  I knew of one 60 year old
whore wh/ had been in the same fuckbooth for 40 years.  sh/ liked the freedom. 
If a wmn should be a Prizeholder, though, sh/ can be put up alone in some
luxury.  yu know, if sh/ should win a fuck, cocksuck or obedience Prize."

	"How does a wmn win a Prize?"

	"Well, it's awarded by Man vote, every six months or a year."

	"And how does a wmn get a Master?" Missy asked.

	"sh/ simply swears fealty to a Man.  He may be alone or He may already
have a stable.  Since there are half as Many Men on Pryx as wmn, most Men have
more than one slave.  But there are Many Men, too, wh/ don't take permanent
slaves, but just use the fuckboxes and fuckbooths and wmn designated by th//r
Masters for general usage."

	"Well," Missy said.  "I'm young and inexperienced.  I think I'm going to
wait to choose a Master until I've learned how to please."

	"yr a sweet girl Missy," Uncle Dom said, his eyes misting.  "We're such
a minority here, it's just a pleasure to talk to someone about Our/our
relationship.

	We/we really would like to get back to Pryx, but aunt Lacy really wants
low empathy from Me now.  Do yu want to hear everything?" uncle Dom paused.

	"Yes.  Uncle Dommy, everything.   Don't be so egalitarian.  Remember i'm
going to be Pryx meat."

	"I know.  I know, Missy.  Well, aunt Lacy gets very passionate and sh/
said to Me one night when I had really severe nipple clamps on hr tits and I
thought maybe I was going past hr limits, 'Dommy, I want yu to think of Me like
yu think of dogshit that yu step on in the street.  Hurt Me like a Man, Dommy! 
Hurt Me!'"

	"auntie just needs a challenge," Missy said matter-of-factly.

	"That's an interesting way to look at it. Well. It's time for the bitch
to serve Us/us dinner," He said, as He stood up and undid the ball gag and
gestured for aunt lacy to stand up. 

	Missy and hr uncle chatted about life on Pryx as aunt lacy busily got
dinner together.  aunt lacy was not hr usual chatty self and it took lacy a few
moMents to realize that this was because sh/ had not been spoken to.  "sh/
speaks only when spoken to," missy remembered an old saying.

	When it came time to eat, aunt lacy served the both of them and stood at
uncle Dom's side quietly wating for instructions.  "cunt dog yu'll eat out of a
the dog dish!" Uncle Dom said harshly.  aunt lacy went and got a dog dish that
had "cunt" printed in large letters on it and handed it hr Master.  Uncle Dom
selected some scraps from the table to put in it and placed it on the floor next
to His Boot.  aunt lacy knelt before the dish at Uncle Dom's side and ate
without using hr hands.  missy was jealous of hr and wished that Uncle Dom would
let hr eat that way also, but accepted, reluctantly, hr equal status, now.

	When dinner was finished and aunt lacy had finished the dishes, leaving
a lipstick lipprint on each cleaned plate, Uncle Dom snapped His fingers and had
aunt lacy kneel before Him.  "Time for your dessert, cunt," He said as He took
her hair in His fist and pushed His prick into hr mouth.  aunt lacy spilled none
of Her Master's seed as sh/ expertly brought Uncle Dom to orgasm.  Redoing hr
triple lipslicker, aunt lacy remained kneeling, eyes averted, awaiting further
instructions.  missy was deeply affected by this display.  "I'm going to tie her
up and put clothespins on hr tit nipples and cunt lips for a while.  sh/'s got
to get down to it.  sh/'s been acting too much like a free wmn in recent days." 
Saying this Uncle Dom lifted the petite aunt lacy over His shoulder and carried
hr up to the bedroom, gesturing Missy to follow.  In the bedroom He put aunt
lacy's arms and legs in firm bondage and affixed the cruel clothespins as He had
indicated.

	"Do yu understand our intimacy?" Dom asked missy, somewhat surprising hr
with the tone of His voice.  "i, i, think i do," missy stammered.  "I will tell
yu the secret of Pryx, missy: Manlove. When a Pryx Man stomps down on a piece of
dog shit, He loves the feel under His boot.  He loves the anger He feels at His
well shined Perfection being soiled.  The ordinary Man doesn't get to that
point.  He wants to avoid the dirty truth of the human street.  But not Pryx Men
and that's why wmn all over the galaxy crave Our Way.  It's Manlove, missy. And
it inspires deep, f/m/n/n/, wmn love, very deep wmnlove.  yr aunt lacy has it."

	Missy watched as hr uncle removed the clothepins from the cunt lips of
hr bound aunt, laid on top of her with no concession to hr smaller size and
fucked hr with hard vigorous thrusts.    Missy slipped out of the bedroom
quietly as sh/ heard the passionate groaning of hr aunt gather into a deep
orgasm.  sh/ thought a lot on the bus trip home that night.  sh/ prayed that
some day sh/'d know the same true love hr aunt had.

-------

	Missy talked frequently to hr aunt Lacy over the next six months.  sh/
listened intently as aunt Lacy related to hr hr passion in hr deep masochism. 
"y// know I really want to go back to Pryx.  I'd give anything for a gang.  But
I also want Dommy cruel.  I really want to be taught a lesson every day.  So His
empathy readings won't get better.  I think they'll get worse, but I can't do
anything about it.  I'm a wmn and I want Him to be a MAN.   Of course, if We/we
were already on Pryx it wouldn't matter."



	Missy stayed in close contact with hr aunt, as sh/ made her passionate
pilgrimages to the weekly training sessions.   Each week sh/ talked about hr
experiences with hr aunt, and benefited tremendously from aunt Lacy's wisdom and
experience.  sh/ got to know  QuarterMaster Spike's thick prick and rough ways
very intimately during this time.  But, more than that sh/ began to develop
respect for Him that deepened with each encounter. 

	Even when a grl knows in hr soul that sh/ is a Pryx grl, and even when
sh/ passes the tests that are designed to challenge, even after acceptance, sh/
still needs to adapt hr emotional contours to the Pryx Way.  Missy knew that hr
conditioning was something that sh/ needed to overcome.  Born on the most
egalitarian planet (even the all-female and lesbian planet Dykke was not as
strictly egalitarian as was 3), there was big part of hr inner-being that worked
against hr.  QuarterMaster Spike was an absolutist.  He would not brook the
tiniest flash in hr eye of the old way.  He had an unerring sense for that
betrayal in hr heart and sh/ was brought up short and quick, when it appeared. 
While Angel was in some ways the ideal role model and a good guide and
confessor, Missy slowly realized too that Angel was just a fuckhole like hrs/lf
and brought only a reflected sense of the Truth and not the Truth itself.  But
when QuarterMaster Spike got His thick prick in hr and had His forefingers and
thumbs holding cruelly onto hr tit nipples and He had that searchlight of His
gaze on hr, sh/ felt safe from the intrusions of hr false past. 

	He was teaching hr to, at first, put aside and, then, eventually, to
completely extinguish that part of hr that rebelled against Man Truth.  The
orgasms were part of it.   They were the most shattering and complete
experiences sh/ had ever known.  sh/d certainly had Masterbaited to orgasm and
had nice little orgasms with boyfriends.  But at QuarterMaster Spike's hand sh/
would have orgasms that would shake hr to hr depths.  So often there was pain or
humiliation associated with them, and sh/ came to crave these adjuncts to hr
transformation in way sh/ had only imagined earlier.   sh/ would see hrs/lf
slavering and a weeping on the floor licking His Master's boots with a
cravenness that that only a true Pryx wmn could muster, with waves of deep
orgasm racking hr in hr surrender.  Sometimes He would laugh and spit on hr,
then, and sh/ began to see that even this was right.   Far from being cruel, sh/
could see now that this derision was meant to keep hr pure.  As the spit hit hr
well-made up face, now, sh/ felt a welling of respect, not the crude, automatic
reaction that sh/ once had known.   Now, when sh/ put on hr triple lipslicker
with perfect attention and devotion and went to kneel to kiss the QuartMaster's
signet ring, the lies were gone from hr heart, the nagging falseness of,
"equality," was not there to tarnish the relationship, and this brought hr the
deepest joy and pride.	

	Of course, Missy respected Angel.  Angel had been Man-fucked 138,000
times and sh/ had sucked Man scum twice that Many times.  There was no  better
role model and teacher of Pryx dress and demeanor.  Any wmn can put on triple
lipslicker.  There were enough bitches on different planets wh/ did it for th//r
own selfish reasons.  But to do /n/s/lf up in the Pryx way, focusing  /n/s/lf,
not on the petty surface, but on the deep meaning, that was Angel's lesson. 
"There are the external Truths," Angel said.  "Men want a good thick, pretty,
whore lipstick smear on Their Pricks, when They take a Cock-suck.  Men like the
pretty glisten of a wmn's lips, when They assume hr mouth for kissing.  But
strict triple lipslicker is more than that.  As the founding m/th/r's intended,
triple lipslicker, when applied with a Pryx wmn's devotion, marks a wmn's mouth
as belonging to Men.  That is, it erases the arrogance of cunt will that wmn on
all planets flaunt.   So flawless triple lipslicker, then, is the sign of a more
perfect beauty, where the essence of a wmn, hr ability to totally s/lf-deny, is
made clear in glistening, deeply textured red."

	Angel liked to refer to hrs/lf as a "whore-philosopher." sh/ imbued
Missy deeply in the philosophy of Pryx from a wmn's viewpoint.  The true meaning
of the impossible high heels, the seamed stockings, the difficulty corsets, the
painful earrings, the jewelry, etc. were all made clear by hr by word and by
example.  And all the new admittees had to respect Angel's intimate knowledge of
fuck-demeanor and Pryx-style cock-sucking and the more subtle, "tricks of the
trade," as sh/ called them, which took wmn beyond being robotic Man-pleasers
into that rarified realm of Truth known only to wmn wh/ belong on Pryx.

	The six months of information and training sessions had gone by
incredibly quickly.  Missy had taken incredible strides toward hr destiny.  
When sh/ finally stepped onto the "Meat Wagon" to take hr to the rocket port,
sh/ was no longer the naive grl from Planet 3.  There was a glowing passion in
hr heart now to live up to the QuarterMaster's prediction that sh/ would be
prime meat.  sh/ had passed innumerable subtle tests which the QuarterMaster in
his wisDom had given hr and sh/ awaited with real anticipation the chance to
show hr mettle.

----------------------

	The Pryx meat was lined up in a pretty row on the tarmac.  The wind blew
at Missy's red hair and made hr long, heavy earrings swing slightly.  The
QuarterMaster went down the line of grls, with His habitual long cigar clenched
in His teeth, His shined boots clicking their cleats on the concrete.  Missy
kept "submissive face" very carefully, though hr mouth was gagged, as was that
of all the grls, with a large, red ball gag.  sh/ kept hr body in the strictly
attentive pose that Angel had taught th/m all, remembering not to be merely
mechanical but infuse hrs/lf with what Angel called, "proper attitude." This
was, in fact, what QuarterMaster Spike was looking for in His final inspection,
as He walked down the line of the perfectly made-up, perfectly coiffed,
flawlessly clothed Pryx candidates.


	 It was on the second pass that sh/ heard QuarterMaster Spike's
stentorian voice say to one of the grls, "That fucking gag is coming out!"

	 sh/ could hear the grl begging, once the gag was removed, sh/ wasn't
sure wh/ sh/ was, " Sir.  Whip Me, Sir!  Hurt Me, Sir, for My sake." The words
had a perfect studied ring.  The wmn spoke as a Pryx wmn should.  But the
QuarterMaster did not relent, "yu'll go back and rescan, bitch. yu don't fool
Me."

	The grl now was weeping uncontrollably, "Sir, a cunt is nothing.  sh/ is
a boot shine and a fuckhole...." sh/ dissolved into panicked pleading, but the
QuarterMaster did not relent.  The grl, hr face bathed in tears, was lead off
the tarmac by Angel.

	In the last six months, Missy had seen the QuarterMaster rudely dismiss
several cunts wh/m to hr eye embodied perfection, but sh/ knew that sh/ was
unstudied and sh/ trusted now the QuarterMaster's judgeMent, though sh/ also
understood that Man whim must go unquestioned.

	On His third pass the QuarterMaster did an extremely close head to toe
inspection of each piece of meat.  He inspected th//r hairdoes, th//r earrings,
th//r make-up, th//r whore lingerie, the straightness of th//r seams and lastly
th//r shoes.   He inspected Missy carefully and even felt in hr cunt to make
sure that the Mandatory wetness was there.   He traced the seams of the grl next
to hr with His fingers and knelt down to look closely at Laney's black patent
leather shoes.  Missy had gotten to know Laney a little in the whispered privacy
of the wmn's dressing room, as th/y prepared for public and private sessions. 
"Angel," He said, "yu are to be punished for yr teaching.  There is a Man insult
on hr shoe."  Angel looked stricken and and quickly fell prone on the tarmac to
kiss the QuarterMaster's boots in apology.  A "Man insult" was a scuff of any
kind on a shoe top or heel.  Pryx candidates were provided with unlimited
clothing and were not allowed any presentational flaws.  Missy was certain that
the scuff must have been very tiny indeed because Laney was very punctilious. 
But Laney too was dragged off the tarmac by one of the Men in leather pants Who
always showed an exposed erection.  sh/was abandoned in the rocket port building
with hr gag still intact.

	The grls in the meat line were all sizes and every race.  There was some
culling on Pryx for attractiveness, but much less than One/one would expect. 
grls were scaled on a scale from 1-10 in attractiveness for administrative
purposes and grls from 3 1/2 up were generally acceptable.  (Man-exception, of
course, could always be made for less attractive wmn by whim of any
QuarterMaster).  There were several rather fat grls on the tarmac with Missy and
/n/ who was very thin.  Missy hrs/lf was 5' 5" and weighed 150 lbs.  sh/ had
blue eyes and was the only natural redhead there. sh/ was rated as 6 1/2 in
attractiveness, but wmn were cautioned not to regard these ratings with either
arrogance or insecurity.  The mantra on Pryx was: All wmn are the same.

	Missy's attention was caught by the QuarterMaster's barking to the last
grl in line, "Grovel with no muss!" This order required a cunt to lick boots,
unreservedly, in complete submission, without getting a run stocking or a scuff
on a shoe.  On the tarmac this was an almost impossible request, Missy knew. sh/
could not turn hr head but sh/ thought it was Susie way down on the end.  sh/
felt a pang for hr. 










	Susie was on of the ''10's" in attractiveness, but had been /n/ of hr
own role models in training.  There was silence for quite a long time.  It was
only when sh/ heard the QuarterMaster let out a sigh and say, "y// are a
scum-sucker to make Angel proud," that sh/ realized that somehow Susie had
accomplished hr difficult task.

	Missy heard the QuarterMaster say abruptly, "Angel, load the meat.," and
her heart filled with exciteMent.  How sh/ had longed for that moMent!  sh/
watched as the proud Pryx wmn, wiggling th//r asses in the style borrowed from
the Mondray whore, walked in the most mincing and f/m/n/n/ steps toward th//r
common destiny.  Of course, th/y all knew that three Man-objections in /n/ year
would mean a rude return, but th/y knew that th/y had been very well trained and
selected.  There were  300,000 to 500,000 cunt on Pryx at any given time and
only two a year were sent back.  The selection process was very rigorous and
exacting.

	The recruitMent class had been culled to 10 from a beginning group of
40. Missy felt very special as sh/ eased hr/lf down on the lubricated dildo seat
in the massive rocket ship.  The ship was appointed in extraordinary opulence,
as was the norm on Pryx.  Attendent cunts went from recruit to recruit replacing
the training jewelry that the wmn wore with diamond, ruby and emerald jewelry
done in 24 carat gold.  The grls were issued make-up cases with golden and
silver instruments only.  The dildo seats the grls sat on were done in fine
black leather.  The walls of th//r cabin were painted with beautiful murals in
Italian style, showing Pryx scenes of revelry. 

	Missy sat contentedly as sh/ felt the cool Pryx atmosphere enter the
cabin.  There was a very slight shift in gravity.  sh/ breathed in the deep
smell of hrs and hr companions perfume and felt a little giddy. sh/ had been
told that there was a chemical in the perfume that enhanced sexual arousal
considerably in the atmosphere of Pryx. 

	sh/ was not alone, now, in heart in wanting to really prove hr worth and
worthiness.  sh/ wanted to earn every Man-prize.  Every Pryx wmn lost hr name
when sh/ entered Pryx.  th/y were to be known only as, "meat, slut, whore, etc."
But sh/ had kept in hr memory that Angel had earned hr name back.  Some day
Missy wanted to hear hr name again spoken by a Pryx Man.  And more than anything
sh/ yearned to earn the title of, "perfect Man pleaser."
------

	The wmn had all taken th//r anti-menstrual pills for a full six months
already, so there was no difficulty for any of th/m in sitting on the dildo
seats that had been carefully crafted for //ch ["each"-- author's note] wmn
individually.  Of course, there would be no need for further pill taking in the
atmosphere and gravity of Pryx.  th/y would cease ovulating, with, however, no
consequent decline in sexual appetite, as had been learned by experience.

	The mouth gags had been removed and the wmn sat, "posture perfect," with
th//r identical little black leather purses by th//r sides to hold th//r new
make-up impleMents.  th/y looked, if One were to just glance at th/m, like
prettily accoutred and painted Man-niquins.  servant-grls assigned to them kept
th//r make-up fresh for th/m and provided th/m with the first the glimpse of
Pryx grls in the flesh (Angel, of course, being the exception).  Though th/y
were required to keep downcast gazes, still th/y were able to catch glimpses of
th//r attendants, as th/y minced back and forth like ancient geishas, keeping at
the same time, the Mondray wiggle of the hips that Men all over the galaxy
admired.

	The servant wmn would rotate in and out of the large cabin, going
forward behind a large leather upholstered door, for longer or shorter periods. 
It was only when the recruits began to notice seMen seeping from a servant grl's
cunt or anus that th/y realized that the Men aboard were already enjoying
th/ms/lv/s.  When the captain gave the "eyes-up" comMand, th/y were able to see
too,  that the lipstick of //ch servant wmn was obscenely messed around hr mouth
and was mixed there with  smears of white seMen. 

	As the afternoon wore on and th/y were given leave to relax posture a
bit, being served delicious intoxicating drinks, th/y noticed that the servant
wmn began to appear with run stockings, torn garters, scuffed shoes, broken
false nails and even, in one case, a shoe on which the heel was broken.  Such
presentational flaws had never been allowed in th//r training, but th/y came to
understand that the Men on the ship were pleased with this disarray and had
directed it.   th/y had noticed, also, of course, on the servant wmn, red
flogger marks, reddened areas from other punishMents and small bruises that all
showed the more harsh side of the Pryx Way.

	The new recruits were in a good mood.  th//r sexual exciteMent was
pleasantly enhanced by the effect of the Pryx perfume and the intoxicants th/y
drank made th/m feel like th/y were floating lightly on th//r dildo seats, which
now were wet with th//r juices.  The lights dimmed and the servant grls
retreated toward the front of the ship.  Monitors lit up on the front of the
plane.  The one blonde, one redhead, two brunettes, three black wmn, two with
hair dyed blonde, and three black haired wmn of different ethnicities all looked
up at the monitor at the instruction of the captain.  th/y had seen videos and
pictures from Pryx before, but th/y now watched in fascination at the live feeds
coming from that unusual planet.  

	On the monitor th/y saw a grl of the ancient African descent reach the
end of hr taxi journey, enter the passenger doorway in front and give the
taxiDriver a careful, quite passionate blowjob in payMent for the ride.  When
sh/ had repaired hr make-up on the sidewalk a passing gentleMan took a liking to
hr lips in the same way and had hr kneel to suck His cock, which sh/ did again
with extraordinary focus.  The camera switched to one looking outside the
building which watched hr wiggle and mince hr sweet cunt ass up the stairs of
the building and past the guard.  sh/ had hr hand on the supply room door, when
a Man, Who appeared to be hr employer, grabbed hr roughly by the arm and said,
"Run stockings, bitch?  Into My office!" In His office, sh/ was obliged to bend
over His desk and take a brutal fucking, after which, weeping, sh/ groveled to
hr boss's boots and licked and kissed th//r shiny black leather tops completely.
	
	When He decided He was pleased, He ordered the grl up and lead hr back
to the supply room, where sh/ could get new nylons and the pristine black patent
leather or polished black leather high heeled shoes that were ordained on Pryx
(with Many exceptions being given by individual Men). He also handed hr a pass
which seemed to indicate that sh/ was to go now to the beauty shop in the
building to recover hrs/lf and get hrs/lf in shape for hr suckretarial duties.

	As the monitor scanned the streets of Pryx and followed various of the
wmn there, in a carefully orchestrated profile of th//r lives, two things became
obvious to the recruits.  One was the frequency of sexual encounters.  wmn,
outside the fuckboxes and fuck booths, on the average, were fucked 8 times in a
twenty-four hour period and gave roughly twice that Many blow-jobs.   That made
for prolific sexual activity and this was visible on every street and in every
office.  But a second thing was obvious, despite the constraints put on the wmn
and the frequency of sexual concourse, the offices on Pryx did do plenty of
business, albeit at a very relaxed pace.  

	The one main product of Pryx was, of course, pornography.  Films of
everyday life on Pryx were prized on the black market throughout the galaxy. 
(Nowhere were they legal).  Taking orders, distributing and shipping took up the
work of Many offices.  Another business on Pryx was Manufacture of impleMents
for the galactic BDSM underground, including elaborate fetishwear.  Finally,
there was the  legal Pryx beauty products line that ran a booming business.  wmn
all over the galaxy said th/y liked the high quality of Pryx cosmetics and
perfumes, but the illicitness of everything associated with Pryx certainly held
great attraction for th/m.  (Pryx cosmetics and perfumes were completely banned
on Planet 3 and several  other planets, but, were legal in most of the galaxy. 
On Many planets the products were marketed under the logo PX and their source
kept strictly secret, officially.)

	The division of labor on Pryx was clear, the cunts did the work and the
Men supervised in every sphere.  Men, however, were free to adopt any type of
employMent for any period of time and Many took advantage of this to explore the
various areas of the capital, Kokk, and its wmn.  The taxiDrive position was
especially prized in that it gave One access to the widest variety of cunt.

	The monitor went dark and after a few minutes one of the Men in leather
Who had what seemed a permanently erect, exposed cock came into th//r cabin,
walked over to the blonde, white grl in the front, took hr by the scruff and
eased her up off her very wet dildo.  All the other new recruits looked on in
jealousy as the handsome, dark-haired Man Who appeared to be in His mid-thirties
escorted Lily into the front section of the immense ship.  The front monitor
went on as the door closed and the recruits could see now the three crude Men
who had given all of th/m the gang, Whipp Trax, HardMan, and Drake ManX  sitting
comfortably in deep leather chairs, dressed in shiny black leather from head to
toe awaiting the new cunt.  Along the wall the servant grls were shackled and
lined up     .  The c amera went close to show the red stripes that scored th//r 
backs.  th//r  stockings were in shreds, th//r garter belts had two or three
garters severed by the whip, th//r bras had literally been whipped off and lay
next to them on the floor and th//r pretty frilly black panties were in tatters
hanging at the tops of th//r stockings, such as they were.  Only th//r pristine
black high heels had been untouched by the onslaught.  The camera switched to a
roving video Man who nearly probed the wmn's cunts to show the mixture of th//r
own exciteMent and seMen dripping down the insides of th//r legs.

	Just as  the Pryx wmn were carefully selected for th//r characteristics
of sexual responsiveness, submissiveness and masochism so were the Men selected
for th//r sexual prowess, dominance and empathic sadism.  These Men were among
the most prodigiously sexual in the galaxy.  Additionally, They had the
advantage of Pryx herbal science which increased Their libidos even more and
increased Their natural seMen production dramatically.  At the annual "fuck
Olympics" the winner in the previous year had fucked a bitch for eight
continuous hours and had ejaculated into hr a record twenty-six times.

	Smoking a cigar and taking a long sip from His drink Whipp Trax, whose
handiwork was chained to the wall in back of Him, gestured to His crotch.  Lily,
with studied f/m/n/n/ty carefully zipped down His zipper and extracted His large
member.  It stood erect and waiting as sh/ reached for hr purse and took out hr
make-up case to do hr face perfectly with triple lipslicker.  hr small mouth
could only take the top one third of Whipp Trax penis as hr lips stretched out
over it.  Master Trax, who was a stunningly handsome oriental...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Victor Mann


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





