BDSM Library - Writing my Future




Writing my Future
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An attractive bdsm author is kidnapped and made to live out the rest of her life as a slave to a sadistic couple.
Writing my Future



	Who was I?  I was an attractive single woman in my mid twenties.  I kept
a very busy lifestyle with my career and usually, there was not much time for
dating.  I tried dating some of the other execs that I worked with, but they got
so tiresome.  I finally resolved to just coming home to my vibrator and sex
sites every night.  This was fine with me. 

	I began to get interested in the bdsm sites after a while.  I could
drive myself crazy with intense orgasms from the many erotic stories that I
read.  Personally, I would not like to actually be in any of these situations,
but it was nice to fantasize about being tied up and used as a mere fucktoy. 
The thought of actually being a fucktoy made me cringe though.  I am a
complicated person, so sue me.

	Pretty soon I got so into the fantasy that I began to submit stories to
these BDSM sites.  I would just write out my fantasies and the words would flow
out of me.  I eventually had close to a hundred BDSM stories posted on the
Internet after about a year.  These stories became pretty popular and I received
a lot of e-mails from people wanting to meet me, or play out the fantasies. 
There are definitely some weird people out there.  I never answered my e-mail,
but I liked reading the responses.  These responses motivated me to write even
more.  Pretty soon it was an obsession.

	I am not a very observant person when it comes to other people so I
never noticed the blue van that was always parked a few houses down.  If I had
noticed it, I am sure that I would have just thought it was a neighbor's van
anyway.  I also never noticed the man that was always in the van, but that is
not my fault because he made sure that I didn't notice him. 

	One night I was sitting at my computer writing a bdsm story.  I was so
into it that I didn't hear any noises behind me.  If only I had heard it, then
maybe I would have been prepared and had a fighting chance.  So many "if onlys".

	I was staring intently at the screen trying to figure out what the
master in my story was going to do next to his poor little slave girl when all
of a sudden somebody put a rag over my mouth!  I struggled so hard but then I
began to lose contact with reality.  I remember that my last thoughts were ones
of confusion and helplessness.

	Who did I become?  Does it matter?  I became anonymous.  My identity no
longer mattered after this fateful day.  I became a piece of property, a
fucktoy, a slave.



	I woke up to darkness.  At first I thought that I had gone blind, but
then I realized that there was a rubber mask over my face.  I also felt what
seemed to be a thick, short dildo in my mouth.  I tried to spit it out but it
would not budge.  With each minute I was able to think more clearly and I began
to realize just how helpless my situation was.   My arms were fastened behind me
with what seemed to be leather shackles and my wrists were fastened to my ankles
that were also shackled in leather shackles.  I was lying on my left side.  I
felt a chill and soon realized that I was naked.  I began to struggle for a
while even though I knew that it was no good.  Movement was what I craved.  I
was angry.  Who had the gall to do this to me?  Time passed by so slowly.  I
would stop struggling for a minute to rest and then I would resume struggling. 
Each struggle would be stronger and more desperate than the last.  It felt like
this continued for hours.

	"The more you struggle, the more you turn us on."

	I stopped, terrified by the male voice speaking to me.  My breathing was
heavy causing my breasts to heave with each breath.  I tried to speak through my
gag, but it only came out as gibberish. 

	"I think that our new slave is scared.  Good."  This came from a smug
female voice.  I was petrified.  My breathing became heavier.

	"Maybe we should explain, worthless slave.  I am your new master and my
wife here is your new mistress.  We had you kidnapped for our pleasure. 
Whatever you knew of your life before is gone.  You should get used to the idea
that you now only exist for our purposes." 

	At this I began to struggle again.  I didn't think that it would do any
good, but I had to do something.  I became infuriated when I heard the woman
laugh. 

	"I don't think that it likes its predicament.  Good." 

	I really despised her.  Why was she referring to me as an "it"?  As if I
were a mere object?  This was horrible.  I was beginning to realize that my
fantasy bdsm stories were no longer fantasy.  The stories had become sort of a
worst nightmare fantasy for me.  With each story I wrote, granted I would be
extremely turned on, but also I would appreciate my freedom even more.  I
couldn't bear the thought of my freedom being taken away from me, yet here I
was, bound, gagged and blindfolded with my new life as a slave being explained
to me. 

	I felt my wrists being undone from my ankles and strong arms picked me
up.  My legs were weak so he held on to me and then undid the chain between my
wrists, brought my wrists above me and attached them to a chain hanging from the
ceiling.  I dangled there for a minute before my legs started regaining some of
their strength.  The rubber hood was removed and I was able to look at my
captors.  They stood together, naked as well, and looked at me like they would a
new painting or a new couch.

	My dildo gag was still in place but again I tried to talk. 

	"SHHHHHH."  The woman came up to me and placed her finger over the
outside of my gag.  I began to cry realizing that there was no way for me to
escape this crazy couple.  She smiled at my tears and then licked them off of
the right side of my cheek.  I brought my head back repulsed and she slapped me.

	"Insolent slut!  You do not resist your mistress or your master!  Do you
understand you worthless whore?"

	Shocked from the slap, I meekly nodded my head yes.

	"That's a good slave."  She purred as she licked up fresh tears. 

	She stood back and looked at my stretched, naked body before her.  I got
a good look at her.  She was medium height with a decent body.  Her breasts were
big and she had long dark, straight hair.  Her eyes were brown with a disturbing
look of evil.  I was very scared of this woman.     

	She extended her arms, grabbed my medium sized breasts, and began to
painfully knead them. 

	"They are so firm."  She looked back to her husband, "I love our new pet
honey. As usual, you made a better choice."  She turned to look at me and
purred, "I wanted a boy.  I am glad that we got you instead.  I didn't realize
how much fun a chained woman could be.  I think that we will have you for a long
time."  She gently caressed my cheek with an evil, lustful look in her eyes.  I
fought the urge to move my head away from her hand.  I just hung there and let
her caress me while I cried and shook in my chains from fear and repugnance.

	The woman stepped away and grabbed something on a side table.  She came
back in front of me and presented a wide, black leather collar.  My eyes widened
and I began to jerk and struggle in my chains.

	"Oh little slave.  There is nothing that you can do to stop this.  It is
nice that you keep trying though.  However, when I bring this collar to your
neck you better not struggle against me.  Is that understood?"

	I just stopped struggling and looked at her.  I didn't want to
acknowledge her question.  This was humiliating enough.  Luckily she took the
fact that I stopped struggling as an answer to her question.  She brought up the
collar to my neck and snugly fastened it.  She went around to the back of the
collar and I heard a padlock lock into place on the collar.  As I heard the lock
my body jumped and I slumped forward in humiliation. 

	"This looks very nice on you slave."  She said as she pulled on the
collar to test it. 

	My head moved forward with her pulling on the collar and I just looked
into her eyes with disgust.  This caused her to laugh and she went to retrieve
something else from a side table.  She came back with a riding crop.

		"Now slave.  I am going to give you just a very tiny taste of
just one type of punishment you will endure if you disobey either one of us, or
anybody else that we tell you to obey for that matter." 

	She then continued to give me 50 lashes all over my body, including my
breasts!  I thought that I was going to die, or at least pass out.  When she
finally finished the whipping, I was sobbing and incoherent as I hung limply
from my chains.  She then shoved the crop handle into my cunt and looked at me.

	"Does the slave understand the implications of its disobedience you
filthy whore?"

	I had no choice but to weakly nod in fear.  I had been defeated.  So
soon?  I was disgusted with myself.  Was I really that weak that I would submit
out of fear of more pain?  I continued this fight within myself as my captors
began to kiss passionately. 

	The man came up to me next after retrieving an electric razor from the
side table.  He grabbed the crop handle and began to push it in even more.  I
tried not to struggle as he humiliatingly fucked me with the handle of the
riding crop.

	"Now I will explain the one rule to you, slave.  You will obey us
without question or delay.  That's it.  We tell you to do something, you do it. 
It is that easy whore." 

	His voice was very powerful and hypnotizing.  I looked into his eyes as
he was talking.  He had icy blue eyes with a cold and menacing stare.  His hair
was semi short with the messy look and he was very tall.  Normally I would find
a man like this very attractive, but I just looked at him with complete and
utter disgust.

	"The first thing that you should know is that a slave is never to look
into a higher being's eyes!"  And with that he slapped me so hard that I could
taste blood coming out of the left side of my mouth.  I instantly looked down to
the floor and began to cry again.  This only made both of them laugh mockingly
at me.  I flushed red from the embarrassment of my situation.  The next thing I
knew I felt the electric razor humming at the top of my head.  I looked up in
shock and tried to yell through my gag.  It had taken me so long to grow out my
long, wavy dark brown hair.  I continued to plead through my gag until I felt
the first glob of hair run down my body and I realized that it was too late. 
The man finished off with a sharpened razor to render me completely bald. 

	As he was finishing up, his wife came over and bent down to undo the
chain between my ankles and rechained them to eyebolts in the floor thus causing
my legs to widen as far as they could go.  She pulled the riding crop out of my
cunt.  She then began to shave it.

	I hung there as they both shaved me, the woman shaving my cunt and the
man shaving my head.  I realized that my degradation and humiliation had only
just begun.  After they were both done, the man approached me and twisted my
right nipple.

	"Slave, you disobeyed me.  When I began to shave your head you looked up
at me.  Right after I told you that a slave is not to look into a higher being's
eyes.  You will now be punished."

	I began to shake and cry and plead through my gag to please let me go
this once.  The shock from the electric razor on my head surprised me and I lost
my wits.  This was no use however.  The woman began to laugh and rub her hands
together in anticipation.  She went over to a cabinet on the wall and took out a
very large butt plug.  I realized right away what my punishment was to be.  I
struggled with everything that I had.

	The woman spoke to me harshly, "Slave, if you do not calm down and
relax, I will follow this with 50 more lashes."

	I automatically stopped, and she proceeded to lube up the dildo and my
anal opening.  As she pushed it through I tried to relax, but it was hard.  I
felt like I was being ripped apart.  She finally got it all the way in and left
it there.

	I looked down at the floor with a sickening realization.  This is my new
life and it is only just beginning.  How would I survive this?  I would have no
choice.

 	I hung there looking down at the floor with my collar locked on my neck,
my arms chained above me, my ankles chained to the sides exposing my newly
shaved cunt, a dildo gag in my mouth on my newly shaven head, and a large butt
plug jammed in my ass.  I started to cry again.  My captors only looked on from
across the room as they began to make love to each other, every once in a while
shouting out degrading names towards my direction.





	After my captors finished making love, they just sat there and looked at
me hanging there with my dildo gag, large butt plug poking out of my ass, locked
collar, and arms bound above me.  They had just finished shaving my head and my
pussy and I was hanging from my chains feeling my loss of dignity.  I continued
to stare at the floor right in front of me, scared that they would induce more
punishment if I looked over at them.

	"Hey slave, do you want to know how we picked you?" asked the woman.

	I didn't move.  I continued to stare at the floor ahead of me.

	"We are your fans.  We have read every single story that you wrote. 
After a while it got to be too much for my husband and he became obsessed with
finding you.  This also happened to be around the time that we sold our last
slave.  So we were looking for a new slave anyway.  I had suggested that we find
another boy, as that is what we usually have...they are so much fun.  But my
husband decided that we just had to enslave you."  She then pulled on the ring
on my collar and my head jerked forward.  "With each story that we read by you,
I began to agree that we needed to have you.  A person should not write bdsm
fiction that well.  It is dangerous.  But I guess that you realize that now." 

	After her speech I began to cry again.  She started laughing and licked
my eyelids.  I closed my eyes and took it all in.  The realization that I put
myself in this predicament was too much.  I should have been more careful in
hiding my information.  I just wanted to see my stories on the sites, so I
didn't really care about what information I was asked to provide.  If only I had
just stuck with looking at the sites instead of participating by submitting my
stories.  I felt like such a fool.

	"Well, too bad that you won't get a second chance to learn from your
mistakes you little slut."  With that she patted my butt plug, causing me more
discomfort.  She turned to look at her husband, "I think that she has had enough
for today.  We should put her to bed and let her soak in her situation over
night.  Tomorrow we can start the intense training."

	"Good idea Lisa.  I will put her to bed, you go get ready to go out."

	"Mmmmmmmmm, but I want to help put her to bed Tom."

	"I can handle it.  You will do it some other time.  Now go get ready." 
Tom's voice raised and became sterner with the last sentence.

	Lisa just glared at him and then turned back to me. 

	"Fine.  I will see you tomorrow slave."  She then licked my lips around
the gag.

	I was kind of relieved that Tom made her leave.  I wasn't necessarily
comfortable with Tom, but Lisa really scared the shit out of me.  Tom came over
to me and in a very soothing tone he told me that he was going to undo my gag
and that I had better not speak unless I was spoken to.  After he undid the
harness to the gag and pulled it out, I moved my jaw around trying to get rid of
the ache from having the gag in for so long. 

	"Now slave, I will allow you one question.  So make it a good one."

	I looked at the floor in front of me for the longest time.  I didn't
know what to ask.  I was thrust into this situation, and I couldn't think
straight.  Finally I came up with something.	

	"Is there any way to earn back my freedom?"  I continued to keep my head
bowed.

	Tom tenderly caressed my chin and then he held my chin up so that I
would look at him. 

	"My slave, you have a lot of training ahead of you and it shows in your
question.  You are not an autonomous being anymore.  You are the lowest form of
life, a slave.  You will never be free again.  If we get tired of you, you will
be sold.  This will continue until you get older.  When your sexual services are
no longer desired you will simply become a house servant to whomever you end up
with."

	I looked up at him with shock and horror.  I kept thinking that he had
to have been messing with me.  He was trying to break me psychologically, that
had to be it. 

	"The sooner you accept this as your new life, the easier it will be for
you.  Now let's get this slave off to bed, shall we?  Oh, but after I punish
this slave for not addressing me as master after its question.  You didn't think
that I was going to let that slide did you?"

	My brain began to scream, but I just stood there looking at him
imploringly.  He brought out a pair of nipple clamps from his shirt pocket and
attached them very tightly to my nipples.  I began to moan in pain.  He warned
me not to make too much noise and that I should thank my master for punishing
such a worthless slave.

	"Thank you master for punishing me."  I foolishly said.

	He tightened the clamps even tighter and joined them together with a
short chain making me howl in pain.

	"You will not refer to yourself in the first person anymore, slave.  You
are not deserving of such a privilege.  From now on you will address yourself in
the third person.  Does this slave understand?"  He pulled on the nipple clamp
chain speaking so close into my ear that I could feel the warmth of his breath.

	"Yes master this slave understands."  I whimpered with my eyes tightly
shut trying to drown out the pain.

	He unchained the cuffs on my arms and ankles and put padlocks on the
leather restraints.  He attached a short chain to my ankle cuffs and brought my
wrists around to my back to do the same.  He attached a leash to my collar and
began to walk pulling on the leash.  The chain between my ankles was very short
and I had a hard time not falling so I hobbled along the best I could behind
him.  I know that I looked ridiculous, and I felt stupid.  I noticed that the
dildo gag was stuffed into his back pocket by the straps with the dildo part
sticking out.  I hoped that he would forget that it was there.   

	He led me to another room that told me we were in some sort of basement. 
The previous room had carpeting and a fireplace and finished walls.  This new
room was all concrete.  There was a very large dog cage in the corner and all
kinds of eye rings in the ceiling, walls, and floor.  The walls were adorned
with all sorts of whips and chains and things of that sort. 

	"This is now your room.  You will rarely ever see the outside of it
again.  You will sleep in this cage over here."

	He then led me to the cage.  I stood behind him as he opened the door. 
He turned around to look at me.  He pulled the dildo gag out of his back pocket
and I stepped back a little until I remembered that I was not to pull away from
them without punishment.  I stopped myself, but I was too late.  He had noticed
that I backed away. 

	"You are not obeying very well are you?  Not only did you step back, but
you were also looking up at my face when I turned around.  Does a slut need to
be reminded of its place?"

	My eyes widened and I whimpered out, "No master, I...this slave is sorry
master."

	"Well slave I guess that I will just have to leave that butt plug in you
all night.  I was going to take it out as I imagine that you are quite sore from
it, but since you need to be reminded of the rules, I will leave it in as a
reminder."  As he said this he twisted the butt plug very violently causing me
tremendous pain.  Tears streamed down my face.  After he was done tormenting me
with the butt plug, he put the dildo gag into my cunt and held it in there with
one hand while he massaged my clit with the other.  This surprised me and took
me off guard.  Before I could stop it, my body responded more than I wanted it
to.  I was repulsed and shocked but I still could not stop the fluttering
feeling that was growing in my stomach. 

	"I think I know how to speed this up." 

	He chuckled and grabbed a butterfly vibrator made especially for the
clit.  He attached the butterfly to my clit while still holding the dildo gag in
my cunt.  After a few minutes my body could not hold back and I had a violent
orgasm that rocked my whole body.  It was followed by a few mini orgasms.  I was
still in my post orgasm haze when I felt him take out the dildo gag all slimy
with my juices, and stick it in my mouth before I could realize what he was
doing and resist.  After he had buckled the gag (he placed a padlock on the gag
as well), he remarked how violently I came and what a slut I was.  I was so
humiliated that I turned beet red.  My juices were trapped in my mouth and I
felt like I could have puked, but I tried not to think about it.   

	"Get used to tasting your cum, because it will become a familiar taste."

	Tom then pushed me to my knees and walked me into the cage with my
wrists chained behind my back, a short chain connecting my ankles, tight nipple
clamps connected on a very short chain that pulled on my breasts, a very large
butt plug in my ass, and a dildo gag covered in my juices shoved in my mouth. 
They knew how to humiliate a woman, that was for sure. 

	After I was in the cage, he closed the cage door and locked it.  He
pulled my leash and wrapped it around the bars and locked it together with a
padlock.  I just sat there and stared at his legs while he locked my leash onto
the cage door.  The leash gave me just enough slack to lay my head down on the
floor, but not much more.  I laid my head on the floor of the cage where a stiff
pillow had been placed.  I felt defeated and degraded.  Tom said goodnight and
walked out of the door turning the light out.  I could hear the door locking
after it was shut.  That furthered my feeling humiliation.  There was no way
that I could escape from my current position to even get to that fucking door. 

	I was getting so enraged thinking about it all.  I knew that all of
these little extras, like locking all of the bondage adornments on my body,
locking the cage, and locking the door was a psychological ploy to further
remind me of my place as a slave.  I had written about such things in my
stories, but I was not going to let it work.  I would comply with their orders
to avoid punishment, but they would never get my mind.  I made a promise to
myself right then and there that I would not let them transform my mind.    




Part 2



	I was lying in my cage when Lisa entered my room and turned the light
on.  The sudden light hurt my eyes and I had to blink rapidly to get used to it. 
I had been kidnapped by Lisa and her husband, Tom, the day before, and it now
seemed that I had nothing more to look forward to in my life except pain,
humiliation, and servitude.  My jaw was sore from the very thick dildo gag in my
mouth, my shoulders ached from having my wrists cuffed behind my back all night
with leather cuffs, and my back ached because I had to scrunch my body up to lay
down in my cage, my new home.  Every time this thought occurred to me, I had to
fight the tears back.  I had hardly slept all night because of the discomfort
from the huge butt plug up my ass.  It didn't help that I kept squeezing it
trying to dispel it out of my ass.  And then there were those fucking nipple
clamps.  They were tightly clamped to my nipples and attached with a very short
chain.  If I stayed very still I could enjoy the numbness that encompassed my
nipples from the clamps, but every little movement was a painful reminder.  I
won't even go into my humiliation of wetting myself after holding my pee in for
many hours.  Of course, the fact that I had no choice in any of this didn't make
things easier.   

	Lisa was naked, save a pair of black high heel fuck me boots, and she
had two bowls and a bag with her.  She began to move, click clacking around the
room happily, humming a song that I didn't recognize.  I continued to lie where
I was.  I didn't move at all.  It hurt to move and I just didn't have the
strength.  I was even too tired to be curious as to what she was doing.  I just
hoped that she would not touch me.  Of course, I knew that she would.  This
woman scared me; there was something in her eyes.  I started to shiver. 

	After she had finished her preparations, for whatever, she approached my
cage.  She leaned down, her almost black hair falling around her face and
shoulders.  She pushed her hair behind her right ear as she talked to me like I
was her 10-year-old niece or something.  Actually, it was more like she was
talking to her dog.

	"Rise and shine sleepy head." she chimed. 

	She unlocked my leash from the cage door and then she unlocked the cage
door itself.  She pulled on the leash and I had no choice but to get up on my
knees and crawl out of the cage on my knees.  She seemed to enjoy my obvious
discomfort as I moaned from the movement of my sore body through my gag.

	"Awwww, did this dirty slut have a hard night?"

	She used a disgusting baby voice that caused me to look up at her with
loathing at being treated like this.  As soon as I did this I saw a gleam in her
eye and I instantly looked back down at the floor. 

	"How many times did we tell you not to look into a higher being's eyes,
you stupid smelly cunt?  Well whore, looks like we already have something to
punish you for."

	I could tell that this made the sadistic bitch happy.  And I knew that
she was making a reference to me wetting myself when she called me "smelly
cunt."  I cringed my eyes in shame at that and then I sighed into my penis gag. 
Some of my resolve was dissolved in that sigh.  I was so tired, thirsty, and
hungry that I pretty much just didn't care anymore, for the moment that is.  Oh
how quickly I had forgotten the pain of the riding crop the night before. 

	There I was kneeling on my knees waiting for Lisa's next move.  She was
just standing there looking at me, probably contemplating my punishment. 

	"Well, we will deal with your punishment later.  Now we need to feed
this pet, don't we?"

	With that she rubbed my freshly shaven head, as she would have pet a
dog.  I felt so humiliated.  I just sat there looking at the floor ahead of me. 
The butt plug was still uncomfortably lodged up my ass and the nipple clamps
showed me no mercy.  There had to be a way out of this.  There just had to be. 

	She took me by my leash over to the two bowls that she had carried in
with her.  In one bowl was some water and in the other bowl was dry dog food. 
The bowls were bright blue and on the outside the words "slutslave" were
written.  I stopped where I was and looked at this with fear and some of my lost
resolve came back with the prospect of eating dog food.  She patted the butt
plug, causing me to wince, and began to speak.  

	"Okay slutslave, I am going to take your gag out so that you can eat.  I
do not want to hear a word."  She grabbed my leash tighter, pulling my head
close to her as she raised her voice, "NOT A WORD!  Does this piece-of-shit
whore understand?"

	I wished that they would stop asking me if I understood.  Of course I
understood, I am an adult, an intelligent adult for that matter.  Yes, I am!  I
am an intelligent, self-made woman!  I am an accomplished businesswoman.  I was
on my way to an impressive career.  I told myself to hold onto that thought.  I
wasn't going to let them brainwash me into thinking that I was actually this
slutslave that they were trying to make me into.  So what if I wrote bondage
stories describing scenes like this.  Those were fantasy.  FANTASY!  My head was
screaming at that last thought.  I felt her tug on my leash tighter.

	"Does. this. slave. understand?" she said through gritted teeth.  She
looked extremely annoyed.

	 I slowly nodded my head yes while looking at the floor ahead of me. 
Did I really annoy her that much by my delay in response?  Or was that just a
tactic used to scare me, because all it did was peak my curiosity...and anger. 
How the hell could she be so fucking annoyed when I was the one who was taken
out of my comfortable home and brought into this situation unwillingly being
forced to live as a slave?  My eyes narrowed in hate as I looked at the dog
food.  I wondered how she would like it, and for a moment I felt good while
thinking of her in my position.   

	Lisa roughly began to undo the gag harness.  I heard her unlock the
padlock and then I felt the harness loosen.  The relief that I began to feel was
like no other.  It almost drowned out the feel of the butt plug.  I sighed and
as soon as the gag was out I was moving my mouth this way and that to get the
soreness out of it.  Did I mention how unnecessarily thick that stupid penis gag
was? 

	"Now this slutty slave has 15 minutes to eat its food and drink it's
water.  Get to it!"

	As she said that she pushed my head closer to the dog food.  I was 2
inches from the dog food and the smell made me sick.  I switched over to the
water and started licking up the water enthusiastically.  I was so thirsty.  It
was hard to do with my wrists cuffed behind my back so that I couldn't grab the
bowl, but I did the best I could.  Suddenly I felt my leash being pulled up and
I couldn't reach the water anymore.  I whined out a groan because I hadn't even
come close to quenching my thirst. 

	"Slave, I think that you will not be allowed anymore water until you eat
some of your food.  We want you to be a nice and healthy pet.  We wouldn't want
you to starve to death, would we?" she patted my head again like a dog.  I hated
it when she did that.

	She then picked up the water bowl and put it out of my reach and came
back to push my face in the food again.  That stupid bitch, I just sat there and
stared at the food, smelling the disgusting smell.  What should I do?  I was
soooo thirsty and I NEEDED more water, but the only way to get it was to eat
this dog food?  I began to cry and the tears just poured out of my eyes.  I
hated this.  I just wanted to die.  Lisa saw this and laughed while she pushed
my head so far into the bowl that my nose went beyond the food.  My breasts
pushed against the floor causing my clamped nipples more pain. 

	"Hahaha.  Stupid little whore, what the fuck did you expect to be
eating, huh?  You need to learn that you are nothing but a little slave, a
fucktoy, if you will, a means for pleasure for my husband and I.  A slutty
little slave only deserves dog food.  You are no better than a dog, my slut. 
Why should you get people food?"

	I was still crying with my face in the bowl of dog food. 

	"Let's see, my slut, you have ten minutes left and if you don't eat any
of your food, you will not get anymore water until lunchtime."

	For a few seconds I sat there and pondered the situation.  I decided
that I needed the water very badly.  I told myself at that moment that I was
going to survive this so that I could get away and take my revenge.  I had
friends.  These were people who would help me out knowing what I had been
through.  I slowly took a piece of dog food and luckily it was small enough so
that I could swallow it whole.  I began to do that with the next one when I felt
a tug at my leash.

	"Chew it slave.  Taste the food that we provide for you, you ungrateful
little bitch.  By the way, 8 minutes left whore."

	I began to cry again, this time out of frustration.  I took a mouthful
and chewed it up and swallowed.  It was disgusting.  I did it again.  I tried to
take bigger bites so that I could hurry up and finish and have my water.  They
had put so much food in the bowl.  After four bites, it barely looked like I ate
anything.  I took my fifth bite and then I couldn't do anymore.  I just sat
there crying looking at my food.  I wanted to ask her if that was enough for
her, but I didn't want more punishment.  I realized what I might be able to get
away with.

	"Mistress," I said with a weak and cracking voice, "may I...I mean...
may this slave speak?"

	I could tell that Lisa was curious.  Luckily it amused her more than
angered her.

	"Sure.  It won't make a difference, but go ahead slave.  Let me hear the
weak little ridiculous voice of this ridiculous whore."

	"Mistress, I cannot eat anymore.  I am very full, may I please be
excused from eating the rest?"

	Maybe if she thought that I was submitting to her she would be more
lenient on me.  Oh how wrong I was.

	"Hmmm, let me think about this."

	She walked around me and squatted down so that her face was closer to
mine.

	She leaned down and whispered in my ear, "No, you may not be excused you
filthy slut.  You must finish the rest and you have 5 minutes left."

	She then pushed my head down into the food.  I crumbled at that and just
let my body fall sideways while I sobbed.  I think that I moaned a few pitiful
no's in there too.  Lisa realized that I wasn't going to eat anymore, however
she still stood there and counted down my time like the insane bitch that she
was. 

	When she got down to the end of my time, I was lying on the floor on my
right side with my wrists cuffed behind me.  My crying had slowed a little and I
was just staring at the floor ahead of me with exhaustion.  I was already
exhausted and the day had just begun.  Lisa pulled on the leash attached to my
collar, pulling me to my knees.  I kneeled there and started shaking. 

	"Well, it's too bad that you didn't eat and drink more, because you have
a long punishment ahead of you."

	She looked so happy.  She pulled me up and pulled me over to a chain
hanging from the ceiling.  My ankles were still hobbled from the night before so
I was still waddling ridiculously.  When we arrived at the chain she locked my
leash to the chain and went to the other side of the room to a very large trunk. 
She looked through the trunk until she finally pulled out a long black bar with
rings on the ends.  She looked over at me and I think that she smiled, but I
could not see her face very well as I was looking at her legs, trying not to
look up at her face.  She came over to me and unlocked the chain between my
ankles.  For a moment I thought about kicking her, but then I realized that my
predicament did not allow for an easy getaway.  She then locked my ankle cuffs
to the rings at both sides of the bar.  My legs were spread very widely, but it
was not uncomfortable.  She then took off the chain from between my wrists and
locked my wrist cuffs to the hanging chain along with my leash.  After she was
done she stepped back and looked at me.  I just hung there looking at the floor
ahead of me.  The chain that my wrists were locked to pulled my wrists all the
way up, but I still had even footing with my spread feet on the ground, so there
was not a great strain on my shoulders, yet.  My leash had not been pulled too
tight when locked to the chain either, so all in all, save the nipple clamps and
the butt plug, I was not that uncomfortable. 

	"You look yummy slut.  I will now prepare you for your punishment.  For
your punishment you will be gagged, but I left the gag off for right now because
I want to hear you scream when I take off the nipple clamps.  Mmmmmm, your
screaming will be delicious."

	At that she shoved two fingers up my cunt and fucked them in and out for
a couple of minutes while she grabbed my collar.  I could feel myself getting
wet and this made me very angry.  My eyes became slits as I looked at the floor
ahead of me.  My wetness delighted her.  She pulled her fingers out and showed
them to me.   

	"Look at how wet you are!  My god, we really got a good whore, didn't
we?  Normally I would have you lick this off, but I can't help it, I want it for
myself."

	At that she began to lick my wetness off of her fingers very
seductively.  I quickly glanced up at her and then back to the floor.  She was
moaning and licking and it was like she was making love to her hand. 

	"My god you taste delicious, sweet pet.  I want some more."

	She then began to play with my clit and I could feel my wetness begin to
drip down my left thigh.  This was so humiliating.  I started to shake and my
embarrassment was so powerful that it dissipated my anger.  I just wanted her to
stop.  She continued to work on my clit and then she just shoved her fingers in
my pussy again so that she could lap more of my juices off of them.  Then she
stopped and she stood there and looked at me. 

	"My slut, you will feel such pain today.  I cannot wait to begin."

	Then without warning she ripped off the nipple clamp on my right nipple. 
I felt this incredibly intense burning pain on my nipple.  I don't even know how
to describe it, it was like nothing I had ever felt and it felt greater than any
pain I had ever felt at that moment.  I howled and screamed and shrieked with
pain.  My body was twisting in my bonds.  I wanted so badly to bring my hand
down to comfort my poor abused nipple. 

	I had lost my wits and I began to scream out, "YOU BITCH!  OH MY GOD! 
YOU FUCKING BITCH!"

	The pain subsided a little bit and the tears came.  I looked at the
floor in front of me and my breathing was very heavy.  She just stood looking at
me and laughing. 

	"Your punishment has just tripled for talking without permission...and
of course for INSULTING YOUR MISTRESS!"

	As she said this she grabbed my sore nipple and violently twisted it.  I
screamed and she let off and slapped my face.

	"You insolent slut.  I can see that you are going to need a lot of
training...but we like that.  That will be fun.  I just hate it when a slave
breaks easily.  Of course I am used to men and I think that maybe men break
easier than women.  They just don't have the pain threshold of a woman.  Do they
slut?" 

	Her voice was so fucking condescending and oddly pretentious.  She began
to walk around the room and grab different kinds of whips as I hung there with a
swollen right nipple and the left nipple still clamped with the chain hanging
down holding the other clamp.

	"I'm beginning to think that I would like to train women from now on,
for a while at least.  I had no idea it would be so much more fun than men.  You
know, it's funny because Tom wasn't even into this whole scene until he met me. 
I guess you could say that I brought it out of him.  I already had a little
sissy boy slave when Tom and I met and I think that Tom enjoyed humiliating the
guy.  He never did anything sexual, well except make the slave blow him every
once in a while, but he really got off on humiliating the poor boy."

	She was putting whips and dildos and things of that sort on a table next
to the cabinet on the other side of the room as she babbled on and on.  I just
hung there and looked at the floor ahead of me.  I began to feel very cold and I
started shivering.

	She continued, "That slave was a willing slave though.  He really got
off on pain and humiliation from the beginning, so it wasn't as much fun because
he didn't have to be broken in.  Of course when we sold him without his consent
to a pony farm, he squirmed in his bonds with real fear after that.  Tom and I
found that so exhilarating.  We go see him every once in a while and his
humiliation is so real.  It is great!"

	She then wheeled the table over to me.  I was shaking very badly now. 
She ran her hands all over my body to calm me down, but it didn't work, it only
made me shake more. 

	"Oh come on slut.  It isn't so bad."

	Then she began to laugh hysterically at her bad joke.   

	"Well I guess it is.  Sorry, I couldn't keep a straight face on that
one.  So anyway, Tom and I decided that we should start developing a foolproof
way of capturing non-consensual slaves.  You see we are pretty wealthy...well I
am at least.  Since my experience was with men, and most importantly, since we
were using my money, I talked him into kidnapping men, as he had wanted to try
women."  As she talked she continued to rub all over my body.  "But I loved
going after testosterone filled manly men and then breaking them into our little
girly pets.  Soon Tom did too.  The best was the first time we would make them
dress up like a woman.  The looks on their faces were priceless, the sweet
humiliation.  But then one day Tom convinced me..."

	I started tuning out her sick and twisted reminiscent babbling.  I kept
wondering if this bitch was ever going to shut up as she prepared my punishment. 
I just hung there and continued to shake.  Without warning she stopped talking
and ripped the nipple clamp off of my left nipple.  Just as I realized what she
was doing I shouted out.

	"NNNOOOOOOOO!  GOD...NNNOOOO!"

	I screamed and writhed in my bonds from the pain as the blood rushed
back into my nipple.  Luckily I was able to bite my tongue this time so that I
didn't spout out any insults.  When the pain subsided my breath was shallow and
my chest heaved.  I hung there and tearfully looked at the floor in front of me
with the sickening thought that this was not even the beginning of my
punishment.  	

	After I had somewhat recovered, Lisa started rubbing something on my
nipples.  It felt very strange and it began to burn.  It felt oddly cold and hot
at the same time and the burning continually increased.  The sensations caused
from this were so extraordinary.  It was stimulating and somehow
painful...actually more like uncomfortable, at the same time with the way it
mixed with the soreness from the clamps.  I began to struggle in my bonds so
that I could bring my hands to calm my nipples down.  I was writhing and moaning
from this sensation.  My moans were clearly both from discomfort and arousal.  I
could do nothing else as the sensations on my nipples took hold of me.  Lisa
just laughed.    

	"Nothing like a little icy hot on the nipples to get a slave going."

	She chuckled some more to my chagrin and then grabbed a leather gag with
leather covering for the mouth, a ball at one end and a pump at the other.  She
inserted the ball into my pussy and began pumping it so that it was very large
inside of me and also so I couldn't expel it from my pussy.  I was still
writhing away from the icy hot on my nipples.  She had an annoying look of
amusement on her face.  She then got down on her knees and began to lick at my
clit.  She worked her tongue expertly around the gag shoved in my pussy and my
engorged clit that was poking out.  Before long the sensations were all too much
and I had a tremendous orgasm.  More intense than the night before and I hated
to admit it, but it was extremely enjoyable.  She didn't stop after my first
orgasm.  She continued with her tongue, moaning and fingering herself at the
same time.  Her breath, tongue, and moaning felt so good that all I could think
about was my next orgasm. 

	She brought me to three orgasms before she stopped.  I am not sure if
she had any or not, but I am sure that she did.  I hung there completely
disgusted with myself.  I felt even more rage and hate towards Lisa at having
brought me to such a state.  My whole body felt extra sensitive and my nipples
somewhat recovered but I could definitely still feel the effects of the icy hot. 
I hated how my body had reacted.  I looked at the floor ahead of me with my eyes
showing my shame mixed with anger while the gag and the pump hung out of my
pussy. 

	She stood up and laughed at how the look on my face betrayed my thoughts
and then she began to kiss me.  I started to pull back, forgetting their stupid
rule, but she had anticipated this and her hands were firmly held on the back of
my head.  I couldn't escape her tongue as she passionately kissed me while I
hung there in my bonds.  I could taste myself on her and I wanted to gag.  After
she kissed me she let the air out of the gag in my cunt and then shoved it in my
mouth while she quickly buckled the leather strap around my head sealing it with
a padlock.  She came back to the front of me and grabbed the pump and pumped up
the ball with my slimy juices stuck in my mouth as much as she could.  She
waited until she heard my mumbles of obvious discomfort and then she pumped it
up three more times.  It felt like my jaw was going to crack off of my head.  I
just kept thinking what a horrible bitch she was over and over while she reached
over to the table of whips.

	"Now slave whore, I am going to punish you.  It will be so extreme that
you will be wishing for the mere 50 lashes I gave you with the riding crop last
night."

	My body began to shake again.

	"I will hold up each whip as I begin to use them on you.  I will explain
how your punishment works.  You have committed three infractions.  One, you
looked into my eyes, a higher being's eyes!  Two, you spoke without permission. 
And three, you insulted your mistress."

	As she said that last infraction she slapped my right breast very hard. 
My body jumped at the shock.

	"For each infraction I am going to give you ten lashings from three
types of whip.  Looking over my table of whips here, I think that I will choose
the cane, the bull whip, and let's see...yes, your old friend the riding crop."

	I shut my eyes in fear.  I knew that the riding crop was bad, but I had
never felt the others and I had a feeling that they wouldn't feel like feathers. 
Tears started to flow freely from my eyes.  I knew that I was going so suffer
greatly this day.  Ten blows from each whip for three infractions was NINETY
BLOWS!  I began to sob uncontrollably.  Lisa rubbed my ass as she prepared to
begin the whipping on my ass with the cane.

	Lisa began to whip the cane on my ass.  She gave me the ten lashes with
the cane and then moved on to the bullwhip.  I realized that she was going to do
the ten lashes on each whip and then begin again.  I had no idea if that was the
better than using all thirty on each whip at the same time.  I just knew that I
was in incredible pain.  With each lash my body jumped and I would scream
through my gag and try to get away from this sick, demented woman.  Of course I
didn't have much leeway with my bonds and she had free reign over my body with
her whips.

	Lisa finished up with the riding crop and as she counted out my last ten
lashes, I mercifully passed out from the pain.  I don't know how long I was out,
but when I woke up I was still chained in the same spot with the spreader bar
attached to my ankles.  The gag was still pumped to an unbelievably
uncomfortable size and the butt plug was still in my ass.  I felt an intrusion
in my pussy and as I looked down, feeling my horrible collar against my chin, I
saw that the riding crop was again shoved in my pussy by its handle, as it had
been the night before.  I looked around the room and didn't see Lisa or Tom, but
I knew that they would be coming soon.  I was extremely uncomfortable and had no
idea how long I had been like this, but I also didn't want anymore of whatever
they had in mind for me. 

	I didn't know if the whipping today was supposed to help me submit, but
it only succeeded in making me very angry.  How dare they!  They can't do this
to a person.  It is just not right.  It is not fucking right!  These are the
thoughts that went through my head as I hung there awaiting my next torment.  I
cried from the hopelessness and the loneliness of my situation.

	"hucking gackerk"

	I mumbled through my gag, trying to say, "Fucking bastards."

	Then I heard the lock on the door and the door opened.  I closed my eyes
and began to shake. 

	Those fucking bastards.  I was going to escape and get even.  This I
knew.  




Part 3



	I was sitting in my chair at my office at home looking at a bondage
site.  I was looking at pictures of a naked woman with a very nice body who was
hogtied with rope practically covering her legs and arms and a she had a leather
hood on.  She had beautiful long brown wavy hair that came out through an
opening at the top of her hood and her body was very lean and muscular.  I
humbly think that my body is in the same condition.  Not just in my opinion, but
others have confirmed this.  I had started to masturbate looking at this trussed
up woman while visions of my next story played out in my head.  The index finger
of my right hand rubbed over my clit hard and then harder.  My left hand rubbed
over my breasts and squeezed my nipples.  I was almost to the point of orgasm
when I spotted the tattoo on the woman's ass.  It was very small, which is why I
didn't see it at first, but when I saw the tattoo fearful recognition engulfed
me.  It was the name of my high school boyfriend written in Japanese.  It was
the very tattoo that I had removed three years earlier when I was 23!  The woman
in the picture was me!  I screamed and all of a sudden I was collared, on the
floor on all fours with Lisa holding my leash and petting my head while Tom
walked through the door. 

	The next thing I knew I shook awake in my cage in Tom and Lisa's dark
basement.  I was sweating and I had the shakes.  My hands were again cuffed
behind my back, my mouth had the penis gag shoved in it and I could still taste
my juices from the orgasms that were forced on me while the gag was shoved up my
cunt right before Tom put me to "bed."  He was a real jerk.  My ankles, of
course, still had the leather cuffs locked on them, but they were not hobbled
together with a chain tonight.  There were no clamps on my nipples so I was a
little more comfortable.  I think that Tom, even though he was a jerk, took a
little pity on me because I had been through a lot today, although he didn't
take too much pity on me as he fitted me tightly with a disposable adult diaper
before locking me in my cage.  I felt so humiliated as he had laughed on his way
out the door, talking about my "continence problem."  I shifted a little at this
unpleasant memory and the chain that was tethered from my collar to the cage
door rattled a little bit.  I knew that I wasn't going to get back to sleep soon
so I began to analyze the events of the day.

	I had come to from passing out from Lisa's brutal whipping that she
called my "punishment."  I guess I had breathed wrong or something.  No,
actually, it was because I looked at her wrong.  That was literally it.  I
almost had to laugh at that.  And then I guess that she was mad that I had
called her a bitch after she pulled off a nipple clamp that had been there for
over 12 hours, at least.  Forgive my knee jerk reactions to pain, "mistress," or
as I began to lovingly refer to her in my mind, fucking psycho.  Sometimes the
absurdity of my situation would get to me and everything almost seemed kind of
funny if it hadn't been such a tragic situation.

	I had heard the door unlock and then open.  I think that was what
brought me to consciousness, but I am not exactly sure.  I didn't even know how
long I had been out.  I just know that when I woke up my body was on fire from
the whipping, I was still chained to the ceiling with the spreader bar on my
ankles, the horrible blow up gag was in effect, the butt plug was still shoved
up my ass, and the riding crop was, yet again, shoved up my cunt. 

	Next I heard someone enter the room and I closed my eyes waiting for my
tormentor to approach me.  My thoughts were consumed with revenge and then I
surprised myself by hoping that it was Tom approaching me.  I should have been
hoping that it was a rescuer or something.  I think that I was just so
traumatized by Lisa that even Tom would have been a sight for sore eyes,
literally (or so I thought at the moment).  Then I realized that I could hear
the click of Lisa's heels.

	My eyes remained tightly shut and I felt a perfectly manicured hand grab
my left nipple and twist it. 

	"OPEN YOUR EYES!"  I let out a disappointed moan.	

	"Open. Your. Eyes."  Lisa repeated through gritted teeth twisting my
nipple much harder. 

	I opened my eyes and I was immediately looking at the floor in front of
me.  Lisa chuckled at this.	

	"I see that the punishment worked well on this slave."  Then she thought
for a minute and spoke again, "Does the slave feel that its punishment was
fair?" 

	She had let up on my nipple after I opened my eyes but she still held on
to it.  My eyes raced around from side to side as I was torn about what to say. 
I didn't want to say yes, but I knew that was the only way to avoid punishment. 
Do I hold on to my integrity or do I give in to this sadistic bitch and let her
know that she has control over me?  In the end, after a good twist on my nipple
and remembering what caused the burning sensation all over my body, I shook my
head yes vigorously, agreeing that my punishment had indeed been fair.  She
seemed pleased. 

	"Good.  Let's hope that this slave remembers this because the
punishments will only get worse.  This slave has just begun and I have let a lot
of things slide, but I will continue to get stricter as I feel that you should
know certain things."  She looked at me coyly.  "Why don't you think about that
for a minute?"

	She walked over to the cabinet to get something.  The click of her heels
on her black thigh high rubber boots echoed in the room.  Each step from the
fucking psycho made me shudder.  I hated her for what she did to me.  I hated
her for what she made me do and say.  I hated her for how she made me feel.  I
hated her for wearing fuck me boots and nothing else.  Anything that I could
hate her for, I certainly would. 

	She returned to me with a jar and sat it down on the table of torture
that she had wheeled next to me earlier.  She gently pulled out the riding crop
from my pussy and after giving it a little lick while she smiled seductively at
me, she set it down on the table.  She picked up the jar and began to rub its
contents all over me.  Whatever it was stung my welts, yet felt so soothing that
I let out an approving moan.  I quickly shut myself up, but it was too late, she
heard me.  She chuckled as she continued to rub the salve where she had whipped
me.  It felt so good that I began to relax a little.

	"This whore will be my willing servant sooner that it thinks.  I can't
wait to break you."  She breathed this lustfully in my ear.  "Of course, I will
definitely enjoy myself until then."  Then she licked my lips around my gag. 
"This salve will soak in and then in a couple of minutes I will clean this slut
up and apply more salve.  We want this whore to heal soon so that we can punish
it again." 

	I just stared straight ahead and began to tear up again thinking of my
situation.  I wanted to be anywhere but here right now.  Anywhere but under this
woman's control.  She unlocked my wrists from above me and quickly locked them
behind my back.  She unlocked the spreader bar from my ankles and reattached the
hobble chain.  She then unlocked the leash from the chain above and began to
lead me to the toilet and the shower stall in the corner over by my cage. 

	When we arrived at the toilet she grabbed the butt plug and yanked it
out.  I screamed from the pain and then I bent down and squatted on my legs
while I tightened my ass cheeks to try to get some relief.  She just laughed at
me, turned me around, and sat me down on the toilet.  She stood there holding my
leash and looking at me expectantly while she waited for me to go.  Eventually I
did and without my arms I had no way of cleaning myself up.  She wasn't
concerned about that as my next stop was thankfully the shower. 

	"Let's wash that smelly piss off of this smelly cunt.  I think that this
filthy whore may have to wear diapers to bed from now on."  She laughed cruelly
as she said this. 

	I moaned in protest at this last statement while she ignored me and led
me to the shower.  She stood me in the middle of the shower stall and hooked my
arms up to a chain hanging down from the ceiling.  She turned on the water to a
comfortable lukewarm temperature and began to soap me up.  It felt better than I
wanted it to.  Then she grabbed some shaving cream and lathered up my head. 
This reminded me that they had shaved my head last night and fresh tears poured
out of my eyes. 

	"Hair is a luxury that a slave earns."  Lisa informed me upon seeing my
tears.

	I sighed into my gag as I felt the razor on my head.  I looked at the
shaving cream bottle and saw that it was a shaving cream for men.  When she was
finished she told me to close my eyes and she brought the showerhead over my
head.  I lifted my head up with my eyes closed and just let myself feel the
pleasure of the warm water run down my face to my body.  This amused Lisa.

	"This is next."  She said as she playfully patted my pussy.

	After she was finished with my shower she reattached my wrist cuffs
behind my back and brought a soft towel around me.  I was kind of enjoying this
and I hated it that I was.  I just couldn't help it.  After all that torment,
this felt so good.  She threw the towel over the stall door of the shower and
then turned me around so that she could unlock my blow up gag that had been
blown up so large that I thought my jaw would fall off.

	"Do not say a word unless I speak to you.  Slut, I do not even want you
to ask if you can speak like you did this morning.  From now on, you will not
say a word unless it is asked of you.  Is this clear?"

	She hesitated on letting the air out of the blow up gag until I answered
her.  I emphatically shook my head yes so that she could take that torturous
thing out of my mouth.  She let the air out of the gag and I felt a huge relief
along with a new ache in my jaw.  I moved my jaw around to get the use out of it
again.  She then pushed me up against the wall as she began to grope my breasts. 
We were both about average height, but Lisa was a little taller than me and she
had surprising strength.  She had a decently toned body, but I would never guess
that she was as strong as she was.  I felt overwhelmed as she pinned me against
the wall.

	"You have my permission to look in my eyes slave."  I could feel her
breath in my ear. 

	I didn't want to look at her.  I didn't want to be here.  Why was she
doing this?  She took her hand and lifted my face up to look at her.  Her evil
brown eyes were filled with lust.  She then held my head with both of her hands
and began to kiss me again.  Her lips moved down to my neck.  My neck is one of
the biggest erogenous zones on my body.  I am sure that she knew this as I
focused on this in a lot of my BDSM stories.  I unconsciously moaned from her
breath, lips, and tongue moving around my neck.  She was really taking me by
surprise.  I had no idea what she was trying to do, but I didn't trust it.  Her
right hand went down my body and she stuck her index finger and her middle
finger into my pussy.  Then she looked at me as she breathed into my ear.

	"Tell me, did this slave enjoy her orgasms earlier today?"

	I closed my eyes at this question and she slapped my tit with her other
hand.

	"Keep your eyes open slut." 

	I opened my eyes and looked at her.  I didn't know what to say.  Yes,
unfortunately I had enjoyed my orgasm earlier, but I didn't want this crazy
bitch to know. 

	I spoke with uncertainty.  "I don't..."

	She slapped my tit again, "Who?"

	I got the hint.  "Um...This slave doesn't know."

	SLAP!  "This slave doesn't know what?"

	"How to answer your question."

	SLAP!  "How is this whore supposed to address me?"

	"MISTRESS!"  I was getting so agitated.

	"Tell me again slave."

	"This slave doesn't know how to answer your question Mistress!"

	Lisa was still fingering me and she leaned down and kissed my neck
again.  This was beginning to be too much for me.  My breathing became heavier
and it was hard to keep my eyes open.  

	"I know that you enjoyed it.  Do you want to know how I know whore?"

	I just stared at her waiting for her to tell me.  I guess she was
waiting for me to say something because she slapped my pussy hard.

	"Aren't you going to ask me how I know slut?"

	"Aaaahh!  Mistress please tell this slave how you know."

	SLAP!  "How I know what slave?"

	"How you know that I..."  SLAP!  "...uh, this slave enjoyed her..." 
SLAP!  "Ahh...uh...its orgasms earlier."

	Lisa began to finger me again.  "You will have to start doing better
than that slave."

	"Yes mistress."  I automatically said as I hung my head down.  This was
starting to wear me out.  Lisa just pushed my head back up so that I had to look
at her again.

	"Well let me tell you how I know that this whore enjoyed its orgasms
earlier today.  I know because this slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit
whore."

	I just looked at her without expression, but inside I was beginning to
burn up with anger.  I really hated this woman.  She smiled her evil smile.

	"I want you to tell me that whore.  I want you to tell me what you are."

	Then I looked at her with contempt.  This amused her more.

	"Careful slut, remember that your expressions give your thoughts away. 
Now tell me."  Her voice adopted a much sterner tone at this last request.

	I began to speak those horrid words, "I..."

	SLAP!  "You really are a stupid slut.  Whom are you talking about?"

	"THIS SLAVE is a slut."

	"A filthy slut...START OVER!"

	"This slave is a filthy slut."

	"AND!"

	"And a piece of shit whore."

	"Tell me all together slut."

	"This slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore."

	"Now tell me why this slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore."

	I began to cry again.  I knew what she was trying to do.  She was trying
to condition me.  I didn't want this to be happening.

	"This slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore because it
enjoyed its orgasms earlier today."

	Lisa smiled a satisfied smile and began to barely touch her lips on my
neck again while she breathlessly continued.  "And who gave this whore those
orgasms?"

	"You did mistress."  I felt so humiliated and yet aroused.  This was too
much for me.  My tears continued to flow. 

	"Don't you think that this filthy slut should thank me, its mistress,
for giving it orgasms?"  As she said this she began pumping three fingers into
my pussy very fast and I was beginning to feel my orgasm coming on.  I started
panting.  Lisa slowed down and began to get impatient.

	"Well?"  She asked expectantly.

	"Thank you mistress for giving this filthy slut orgasms earlier."  I
barely got this out through my panting.

	Lisa looked at my face as I struggled not to close my eyes.  She leaned
down and kissed me on my lips and pulled her fingers out of my cunt.

	"This slut is welcome.  Now I want this whore to lick its mistress'
fingers clean"

	She brought her fingers up to my mouth and pinched my nose shut to
remind me to open my mouth.  I opened my mouth and she shoved her fingers, wet
with my juices in.  I begrudgingly began to lick my juices off of her fingers. 
It wasn't as horrible as the first time I had to taste my juices and I did it
mechanically as I tried to think of something else. 

	"Now, since this slut likes orgasms so much, I am going to give it more
than it can handle for the rest of the day until Master gets home."

	I had no idea what that meant but I had no choice in whatever it was so
I just waddled behind her because that was all my hobble chain would allow.  She
took me over to the cabinet across the room and pulled out a long leather strap. 
She pulled this tight around my flat waist and locked it.  Then she took out
another long leather strap.  She locked it to the back of the belt and it hung
back there like a tail.  The next item that she took out of the cabinet was a
very small butt plug and she flipped a switch to show me how powerfully it
vibrated.  My eyes got wide and I dreaded having that thing in me.  She lubed it
up with the juices in my pussy and then shoved it in my ass.  It went in very
easily because the large butt plug that I had been wearing had stretched my
asshole pretty well.  It didn't feel horrible and I sighed with relief.  Lisa
saw this and laughed.  My face flushed.  The next thing was a large ribbed dildo
that she shoved up my pussy, which went in pretty easily considering how wet
Lisa had made me a few minutes earlier.  After these were in she quickly pulled
the strap up and locked it tightly to the front of my belt making the phallic
objects push deeper inside me.  I grunted as she locked it shut and then she
patted me on the ass.  She grabbed the familiar long, thick penis gag with a
black leather harness and shoved the penis in my mouth.  Then she buckled all of
the straps together and put the dreaded padlock on the back.  There was no way
to push the rubber ball out of my mouth, as there were leather straps all around
my head keeping it in.  Not that I could get to them with my wrists cuffed
behind my back.  Lisa then took out some sort of harness with black leather
straps and locked the straps tightly around my shoulders and my breasts.  She
stepped back and looked pleased with my bondage adornments.  My breasts felt
oddly comforted being held tight in this harness.

	Lisa pulled on the chain leash on my collar and I waddled behind her as
best I could as she took me out of my room and we turned a corner to our left
and began to climb the stairs to the regular house.  When we reached the door
she turned around and snapped a blindfold to the harness.

	"This slut does not deserve to see our beautiful home.  It is only for
higher beings."

	With that she opened the door and I could smell a fragrant odor of
lavender.  As she pulled my leash I could feel tile and then a very soft plush
carpet.  Then she had me go to my knees as I felt her lock my leash to
something.  The fragrant odor of lavender was everywhere.

	"Now slave, we are in my office.  I am sitting at my computer and you
are kneeling next to me, as any slave should.  I am going to do some online
shopping today and I will make my decisions depending on your orgasms.  Whatever
I am looking at when you orgasm I will buy it."

	I had no clue what psycho bitch was talking about.  A confused moan came
through my gag and Lisa laughed.  I could feel her next to me and she reached
down and switched on the powerful vibrators in my pussy and ass.  My body jerked
from the shock and a surprised moan muffled through the gag.  I then heard Lisa
rummaging through some things nearby. 

	"Here they are."  I heard her mumble and then next thing I knew she was
affixing nipple clamps on my nipples.  She didn't screw them too tight and I was
relieved and then even more surprised by what happened next.  I heard her flick
another switch and the nipple clamps began to vibrate as well!  The sensations
that this caused were unbelievable and I could feel that my first orgasm was not
far away.  My body began to writhe and struggle losing control against all of
these sensations.  Lisa patted me on the head and then chuckled to herself about
what a slut I was as she began to do her online shopping.

	"Whore, I want you to suck on your penis gag so that I can see your
cheeks move."

	I began to suck on my penis gag feeling humiliated but so aroused that I
didn't care.  Lisa again patted my head like a dog and I almost enjoyed it.  The
touch, any touch helped me.  I found that sucking on the gag actually created a
nice diversion to the heightened sensitivity my body was feeling and soon I was
willingly sucking away at my penis gag while I was overwhelmed by my first
orgasm.  My body shook terribly and my back stiffened while my hips pushed out
and I heard an obnoxious guttural moan that didn't sound like me coming through
my gag.

	"What a whore.  I haven't even gotten to my favorite shopping website
yet."  Lisa began to laugh uncontrollably watching me go through these
humiliating yet wonderful orgasms.  "You should see how ridiculous you look
slut.  It is so funny.  Wait, I will show you."

	After she said that I heard the flash of a camera.  I was still
thrashing around from the third consecutive orgasm that overtook me.  I started
calming down a little bit but then I realized that I would not have much rest as
I could feel another orgasm coming.  Lisa could sense this as she saw me brace
myself for the next big wave.

	"Geesh whore.  You are going to have me buy the whole store aren't you? 
I knew you were a slut, but my goodness!  I guess that I will have to forget
shopping by your orgasms.  This whore is too intense for me."

	As she said this she patted my baldhead again and her touch set off my
next wave of orgasms.  She began to laugh cruelly at me and said all kinds of
degrading things making my humiliation deeper, which, to my horror, only
encouraged my sexual stimulation.  I was starting to realize that what she was
doing was a form of torture.  Too much pleasure can start to seem painful
somehow.  Your body can't keep up, but yet it can't help itself either.  Even
when I tried to protest and make my body take control of itself nothing
happened.  I continued on the same path of orgasm after orgasm.  My body was
tightening and thrusting so much that I was working all of my muscles and the
beads of sweat accumulated.  Meanwhile I diligently sucked on the penis gag in
my mouth.  I was so torn between the pleasant stimulation, the humiliation, and
the discomfort of my sensitive, sexually heightened, overloaded body that it all
came together to create more sexual stimulation.  I couldn't stop myself.  I
just kept going and going.  When I thought that I would be able to sit back and
rest, I would then feel the next wave come on as before that and before that.  I
was babbling and moaning through my gag, turning my head this way and that.  I
could feel my wide collar and hear the chain of the leash move against whatever
it was locked to and even these things heightened my sexual stimulation.  I
didn't know what to do.  The only thing that I could do was take orgasm after
orgasm while I fought against my bonds and struggled and moaned in whatever ways
I could. 

	After what seemed like an hour the batteries started to wear down a
little bit and I began to get some rest.  The frantic sucking on my penis gag
slowed down a little bit and I was able to regroup for a second.  Beads of sweat
were all over my body.  The weak vibrations were not enough to cause me another
orgasm and I realized that I had lost track of what Lisa was doing.  She had
stopped degrading me for a while and I realized that I didn't feel her next to
me.  Then I heard her enter the room behind me.

	"Don't worry slut, I went to get some more batteries.  And these are
stronger.  They are guaranteed to last for 3 continuous hours at least!"

	I moaned and pleaded through my gag, hoping that she would show mercy on
me and not replace the batteries.  She was so evil.  She knew that I didn't want
to continue but she pretended to take my moans as moans of impatience.  She
began to laugh amusingly as if she were dealing with a child.

	"Don't worry whore, I will get them replaced right away.  You can wait a
few minutes can't you slut?  I guess you can't."  I could feel her stop and look
at me.  "You really are a filthy slut aren't you?  Look at how pitiful you are."

	Then I felt her unlock the strap between my legs and I began to cry and
plead through my gag.  She just continued to act as if I was an impatient child
instead of granting me any form of dignity.  As she finished replacing the
batteries and locked the strap back to my bondage belt I began to get angry and
my body twisted and turned as I let out some angry moans through my gag.  She
leaned her head next to me and began to talk softly and menacingly into my ear.

	"There are much worse things I could be doing to you right now slut. 
This fucktoy should enjoy the small pleasures that I allow it."

	And then she turned all of the vibrators back on.  The overwhelming
pleasure once again filled me and there I was, imprisoned in my bonds, kneeling
next to one of my crazy, sadistic captors as she humiliated me and degraded me
while continuing to shop online, while I suffered one forced orgasm after
another.  It was a horribly draining afternoon and much of my mental fight for
the day was lost in these moments.                             




Part 4



	As I sat next to Lisa, my mistress (or psycho bitch), having one forced
orgasm after another I heard footsteps come into the room.  I was still
thrashing about with wave after wave of orgasms. 

	"My, my, the slave looks wonderful trussed up like that.  Does it have
both a plug and a dildo in?"  Tom's voice did not seem to sound as deep as it
had the night before.  At that moment I realized that it had only been about 24
hours since I had been abducted.  It seemed like a lifetime passed before that
moment.  And now here I was condemned to a life of sexual slavery
for...what?...forever?  Not if I could help it.

	Lisa spoke up, "Of course it has a plug and dildo in silly.  I pay
attention to all of the details my dear.  All of them."

	I could hear the smacking of two people kissing.  Normally, I probably
would have wanted to puke at the thought of these treacherous sadists kissing
but this sound just caused more sexual stimulation within me and I had another
orgasm.

	"How long has the slave been like this?"  Tom asked with an amused tone
to his voice.  Prick.

	"A little over 2 hours now.  It is probably the biggest slut that I have
ever seen.  It is a good thing that we claimed it so that we could train it.  It
would have gotten itself into trouble one of these days.  I am positive of
that."

	As Lisa was talking she came over and rubbed my baldhead.  This sent me
over the edge on my millionth orgasm of the day.  I was constantly at odds with
whether or not they were even pleasurable anymore.  Sometimes they were almost
painful after having so many.  It felt like that was all I was, just one big
orgasm. 

	"Well I want you to stop this playing around and get it ready for
dinner.  I want the slave in the dining room in an hour and a half."

	"Why don't you get the slave ready Tom?  I have to get myself ready to
go out tonight.  You know?  I was busy with the slave all day waiting for you to
get home and now I barely have any time to get ready before I have to meet
Melissa and Greg.  By the way, that sounded like an order, you aren't mistaking
me for a slave are you Tom?"

	I couldn't see what they were doing and it was hard to concentrate on
any noises in my condition. 

	"Lisa, come on.  Don't give me any trouble right now, we talked about
this earlier remember?"  Tom sounded tired and exasperated. 

	"Fine Tom.  Let me go get the dress and the wig, but don't expect me to
comply with orders from you, okay?"

	With that she stomped out of the room.  I could hear Tom chuckle a
little bit and he whispered to himself, "You just did."

	   I then felt Tom's presence in front of me.  He leaned down and
thankfully turned off the phallic instruments buzzing away in my ass and my
pussy.  I sighed a heavy sigh of relief and felt a short little mini orgasm go
through me.  Tom began to rub my baldhead.

	"Yes, I think that this slave is going to be a fine slave."

	I sat there just exhausted not caring what anybody said about me or
anybody else.  I didn't even try to resist his words as I breathed heavily.  I
stopped sucking on my penis gag and I felt a sharp slap on my left breast.

	"Who told this slave to stop sucking on the gag whore?"

	I immediately went back to sucking the penis gag shoved mercilessly in
my mouth.  Tom took off the vibrating clamps and I heard them clink onto what I
would guess was the desk.  I didn't really know as I was still blindfolded.  Tom
began to rub and knead my breasts.

	"Now slave, I have been thinking and I realized that you will be gagged
most of the time with us...because we like you that way."  I could hear a smile
in his voice.  "This however should not stop you from showing respect to higher
beings, so whenever you are given anything, a compliment, food,
orgasms...anything; I want you to thank your master or your mistress through
your gag.  I want you to respond to any yes or no question with a yes master, no
master or yes mistress, no mistress.  Is this clear?"

	I was too exhausted to even look scorned.  I shook my head up and down
and mumbled a "yes master" through my gag, "uuhhs muhhssuhh."

	 Lisa then came back in the room and came over to unlock my leash.

	"Now slave, didn't mistress give this slave many orgasms today?"  Tom
was talking to me as if I were a five-year-old child. 

	"uuhhs muhhsuhh."

	"What do we do when we are given something slut?"  He was still talking
to me in that demeaning manner.  The horrible thing was that I wasn't putting up
a fight mentally at this treatment.  I was still recovering from the orgasm
torture.  Now I had to thank the psycho bitch for the torture, but I put up no
resistance.  It took too much energy and it was futile to resist anyway.

	"uaanngh uuhh mmusswhhuhh."

	"What is this slut thanking me for?"  I could hear laughter in Lisa's
voice.

	"uaanngh uuhh whur uuu uuurghuussmms mmusswhhuhh."

	"Ohhhh, what a good slave we have honey."  Lisa cooed over to Tom.  She
didn't even respond with a "your welcome" or anything after all of my efforts. 
Psycho bitch.

	I could hear Tom and Lisa smacking lips again.  Then Lisa came and
grabbed my chain leash and led me back down into "my room" in the basement.  She
took off my blindfold and gag with a warning that I had better not utter a word. 
I had to comply by mumbling yes mistress into my gag before she took it off. 
She fastened me in the shower and gave me a quick shower.  She then sat me down
and locked my cuffs to a chair.  She had brought make up down with her and
proceeded to put it on.  I had noticed a long black dress hanging on the wall
and I wondered if she was going to get herself ready down here too. 

	After she was done with the make up she produced a mirror.  I didn't
look half bad even though my head was shaved.  She had done my make up very
tastefully, almost as if she were a professional.  She then undid me from the
chair and immediately locked my wrists behind me.  She locked my ankle cuffs
together and grabbed a chain from the ceiling to lock to my collar.  She went to
get the black dress and brought it over to me and put it on me, unlocking each
wrist cuff to get the dress through and then relocking them after the dress was
on. 

	I was stunned.  Why in the world would they make me up like this?  The
dress was stunning.  It was a silky material and it went down to the floor.  It
was very snug around my body with only tiny spaghetti straps to hold the dress
up.  The top of the dress was so tight that it pushed my breasts up and caused
endless cleavage.  The top of the dress almost felt like a corset and indeed
Lisa had threaded it up in the back, which is why it was so damn tight. 

	Lisa walked out of my vision and came back holding a big box.  The box
contained a long brown wig, modeled almost exactly the way my hair was before
they shaved me.  This made me cry and Lisa ignored this as she unceremoniously
put the wig on my head.  It had some sort of rubber material that worked around
my head like a glove and after that the wig was firmly in place.  It was not
going to go anywhere until somebody took it off.  It felt very strange and
surreal to have "hair" again after being shaved bald the night before.  Lisa
left the beautiful hair down and flowing around my shoulders.  She came at me
with some sort of contraption and put it towards my mouth.  I opened without
resistance but with fear of that metal contraption.  She placed the horrid thing
in my teeth and then she began to work on the gag until this wretched thing held
my mouth open very wide.  I just sighed and accepted my fate for the night.  I
promised myself that I would regain my strength in the morning.

	Lisa then came at me with the highest black heels that I have ever seen. 
She put them on my feet and they fit me perfectly.  I could feel some anger
somewhere in me by the obvious fact that they must have known my shoe size
before they abducted me.  What else did they know about me?  And how the hell
could they find things out like my shoe size?  I wonder how long they stalked me
before they grabbed me.  I had no strength to let my anger surface however and
it just dissipated almost as fast as it appeared. 

	"Stay."  Lisa ordered me like a dog.  I immediately looked at my cage
and realized that is basically what I had become.

	Lisa went over to the cabinet on the other side of the room and grabbed
something black.  When she came back over to me she showed me the black, leather
sleeve that she was getting ready to put over my wrists and elbows.  I just
stared at the glove hanging in front of me with my mouth open wide by the metal
contraption. 

	"This glove will leave your arms completely immobile.  More so than
usual."  She kind of laughed the last sentence out.

	  Lisa began to move the sleeve up my shackled arms behind my back. 
Eventually it got all the way up to the top of my shoulders bringing my elbows
very close together.  I then felt her begin to lace up the glove shoving my
elbows closer together and rendering me completely immobile.  Just like the
psycho bitch said it would.  Then I felt something connect to the back of my
collar as it pulled on the glove.  I assumed that the glove was attached to my
collar in some way.  I wiggled my arms the tiny bit that I was able to and, sure
enough, my collar moved with them.  I sighed heavily.

	"Now, now, none of that you sexy little cunt." 

	Lisa then moved some of my fake hair behind my ears and breathed her hot
breath at my neck kissing it lightly while I just stared at the floor ahead of
me.  I don't know if it was the way that I spent my afternoon or what but her
words and actions made me wet and I almost craved to have her touch me more. 
But then she ruined it by slapping my face about four times.

	"That was just to remind this whore of its place before we go upstairs."

	I stared at the floor ahead of me in confusion.  What the hell did she
mean by that?  She clipped a leash onto my collar and pulled me along shuffling
behind her.  I was pulled up the stairs and into the lavender aroma filled
house.  I secreted more juices as the smell reminded me of my afternoon of
orgasm torture.  I realized that the smell of lavender would never be the same
for me.  Tears welled in my eyes as this pushed me back into the reality of my
situation.

	I tried not to think about it so I looked around the house as I waddled
behind Lisa with the chain connecting my ankle cuffs only giving me about a
four-inch slack.  The house was beautiful and huge!  Then I felt Lisa roughly
pull on my leash.

	"Stupid slut!  A slave always looks down.  Nobody gave you permission to
look around and frankly a slave does not have the right to look around.  You
fucking stupid bitch."

	She pulled harder on my leash and I almost fell over.  I regained my
balanced waddling and then looked down only seeing the artful tiles and
beautiful plush carpeting as we went from room to room.  It felt as if we walked
forever before she finally stopped.




Part 5

   Lisa stopped in what seemed like a dining room.  As I could only look down, I
only saw legs of a table and chairs but it was definitely some sort of very
formal dining area.  We stopped for a minute, I guess so that Lisa could surmise
where to put me, and then I felt her tug on my collar again.  She stopped me
before a chair at the head of the table and pushed on my shoulders sending me
into a kneeling position.  When my knees reached the hard floor, Lisa wrapped my
chain leash around the heavy table leg and then locked it there with a sturdy
padlock.  The click of the padlock seemed to echo in my ears and taunt me with
the permanence of my situation.  I fought back what seemed like an endless
supply of tears.  I had cried more in the last day and a half then I had ever
cried before.  It just wasn't fair.  Sometimes that was the only thought that
went through my mind over and over again.  It just wasn't fair.  I felt Lisa
lean down and her breath was on my neck again.

   "Now this slut will stay right here and wait for Master." 

   As Lisa said this she pinched my nipples through the dress and licked my ear. 
I tried to move my ear from her tongue because it tickled and it was just too
much but she was firm in holding my head where she wanted it.  I moaned in
frustration and she began to giggle as if I were an animal that had just done
something cute.  She stopped and began to pet my fake hair.

   "I wish that I could stay and play with this dirty little whore tonight, but
alas I have a prior engagement."  Lisa then held her cheek next to mine and held
my head tight against hers, "That's okay though my pet.  We have the rest of
your pathetic little life to play."

   Lisa then licked my neck and got up and left me there.  When it seemed she
had gone I felt myself let out a huge sigh.  I think that I had been holding my
breath waiting for the psycho bitch's return.  Well when it was obvious that she
wasn't coming back it was quite a relief.  I looked around the dining room where
I had been chained in and saw some of the most gorgeous art on the walls.  The
woodwork of the chairs was impeccable and it seemed that the table matched,
although I couldn't say for sure as I couldn't see the top of the table. 

   The art pieces on the walls were interesting with an abstract theme.  They
reminded me of abstract expressionism but none of them looked quite like the
work of any of the "big ones" in that genre.  There was one piece in particular
that caught my attention.  It had little black boxes all over in no certain
pattern and there was a little splash of red in each corner.  That was it.  It
was so simple and yet so elegant and strong.  It mesmerized me. Somehow it
almost made me forget my captivity, such was the power of the piece.  This is a
piece that I most certainly would have purchased myself, at any cost.  It
brought such a wonderful feeling to me.  I was almost elated.  Maybe it had
something to do with the fact that I had only experienced my little room in the
basement and darkness since I had been here.  This painting somewhat represented
my life before my abduction.

   As I was taken in by this painting I heard approaching footsteps and my heart
leapt into my throat.  I could tell that those steps belonged to a male and was
almost positive that it was Tom.  I instantly froze and dropped my eyes.  My
body began to slightly tremble in fear.  I had no idea what my night had in
store for me.  I closed my eyes with dread...but...was there just a little bit
of arousal there?  I cursed myself at that thought.  Then I felt hands running
through my fake hair.

   "So beautiful."

   Tom's voice.  He sounded so soft and wistful.   It confused me and tears
immediately ran down my cheeks from the sound of his voice and the sincerity in
his compliment.  Then Tom sat in the chair next to me and lifted my chin with
his hand so that our eyes met.  I tried to stop the tears but they were going to
flow whether I wanted them to or not. 

   "It is such a pity that it was necessary to shave your head for your
training." 

   Tom then brought out a handkerchief to dry my eyes.  I tried to look down but
he pulled my chin back up.  As he dried my eyes he spoke softly to me.

   "Your eyes are so incredible, such a lovely shade of blue.  I used to picture
what you looked like before we found you and I have to admit that my imagination
just couldn't capture the reality.  My imagination failed to bring to light such
a real woman.  Your femininity and your sensuality go beyond anything that I
could dream up.  Even when you cry you are an aesthetic creature."

    He then tenderly kissed my eyelids.  I was awash with so many mixed
emotions.  I didn't know what to make of this.  I didn't trust him that was for
sure, but why was he doing this?  I almost missed Lisa.  She played with my
emotions but I was always safe to assume that she had a sadistic purpose.  This
was too hard to figure out and I didn't know where to take my perception of his
words.  I have to admit that I was enjoying his soft and almost loving touch. 
But I tried not to let myself get lost in it.  Like I said I didn't trust him. 
I wasn't going to let myself be fooled.  He looked in my eyes again and his
admiration made me feel like the painting that I had been admiring before he
entered the room.

   "I never would have thought myself to be so lucky as to own such a slave."

   He sat there and just looked at me for a very long while.  I tried to look
down several times out of embarrassment but he would pull my head up each time. 
My eyes would avert his gaze but always came back to his intense eyes as they
took me in.  Time seemed to slow down or even stand still.  I could feel the
drool drip around the metal gag holding my mouth open.  I felt like such an
animal, an object.  It became very awkward and embarrassing for me.  I didn't
know where to look with the limited movement that my head had in his hands.  He
then let go of me and I was very relieved to be able to look back down at the
floor.  My chain leash clinked and more drool seeped out around my gag.  It was
beginning to pool around my cleavage.  He began to pet my hair again.

   "Well slave, I think that you are going to enjoy the evening that I have
planned for us.  It will be just the two of us as Mistress has gone out with
some friends.  First I think that we will have some dinner and then maybe we
could talk a little.   Maybe we could get to know each other a little."

   My eyes grew wide with surprise as I continued to look down.  As he said this
he scratched behind my right ear.  Oh it felt so good and mixed with his words
it began to relax me a little.  I realized that I had no choice but to resign
myself to my fate for the moment and maybe even enjoy myself.  If what he said
was true, that we might talk later, there were possibilities there.  I started
to feel a bit of...well I can't explain it really, relief or arousal, maybe
somewhere between the two.

   "I will go get dinner.  You wait here my little siren."

   He got up to leave and I was filled with anticipation.  I felt more drool
pour out of my mouth but I began not to care.  I felt that maybe things were
looking up.  I was filled with hope about the prospect of a talk.  I even began
to think of Tom as a man at that moment.  Not just my captor, but also a man. 
It didn't hurt that he was a pretty good-looking guy either.  No my situation
definitely seemed to be looking up. 

   That was when I felt an itch on my nose.  I instantly tried to bring my hand
up to scratch it but then I felt the constraint of the arm binder holding my
arms immobile behind my back.  This snapped me back into reality.  Oh he was
good.  He made me forget about the hopelessness of my situation for a moment. 
Yes, he certainly knew what he was doing.  I cursed myself for having fallen for
his tricks.  And he called me a siren.  That bastard!  I strictly told myself
that I would not fall for anymore of his tricks.

   Tom came back with a bottle of wine and one wine glass.  He set it down on
the table and then just stood there.  More drool seeped out of my mouth.  I
continued to look down.  He came over to me and leaned down in front of me.  He
started to rub the spit around that had collected around my cleavage.  He rubbed
it all over my cleavage and then pulled the dress down around each breast so
that my full breasts were showing around the corset-like top of my dress.  He
began to rub my spit around my nipples and firmly kneaded my breasts.  I quickly
became aroused from this treatment and my breath quickened.  I closed my eyes
and dropped my head even more.  I didn't want this to feel so good but it did. 
More drool dripped down and gave him more spit to rub around.  I could feel the
moisture in my pussy drip out around the tops of my inner thighs.  Oh I am glad
that Lisa was not around to make fun of me for this depraved show. 

   Tom stopped his manipulation of my breasts and stood up.  He grabbed the
bottle of wine and popped the cork.  I could hear the velvety liquid fill the
glass and it seemed that my drool got thicker.  What Tom did next surprised the
hell out of me.  He set the wine glass down and leaned down in front of me.  He
lifted my chin again so that he could look in my lust filled eyes.  I returned
his gaze and looked into his lust filled eyes.  He spoke again with that soft
and deeply seductive male voice but with a little warning mixed in.

   "Slave, I hope that you remember your rules."

   With that said he then immediately did something to the gag to loosen it and
then removed it from my mouth.  I looked at him in surprise and gratitude then
immediately looked down and began to work my jaw.  I slurped in the drool that
had collected around my mouth and moved my mouth around to relieve the ache.  I
almost felt as if I were in heaven without a gag.  It is amazing how such a
normal thing as not wearing a gag felt like a privilege to me.  But I didn't
care to think about that at that moment, I was too busy reveling in the absence
of a gag.  I think that I even had a little smile come across my face for a
second but it may have been imagined. 

   What I felt next surprised me even more.  Tom had gently pushed the wine
glass to my lips and began to tip the wonderful liquid in my mouth.  I gasped
suddenly at this gesture, as I didn't see it coming, but quickly gained my
composure to take in the wine.  It was pinot noir, my favorite.  It was a very
good pinot noir at that.  I took in as much as I could without having control of
the glass and I relished the taste.  Tom took the glass away and set it on the
table before he left the room again.  I knelt there feeling something like
euphoria. 

   Tom returned with a plate and a cloth napkin.  He set the plate down on the
table and sat down.  He again pet my hair while he looked down at me.

   "You look so wonderful my pet."

   I then began to picture what I must look like.  My breasts sticking out of
the beautiful black dress, my wig flowing down my back with silky brown hair, my
face beautifully made up, my arms tightly restrained behind me in an arm-binder,
the look of lust in my eyes, my goodness I must have looked like a wanton whore. 
Tom scratched behind my right ear again.  Jesus that felt so good.  I
unconsciously nuzzled my head against his hand.

   I heard the scrape of silverware against dining ware and then the next thing
I knew I felt a forkful of risotto at my mouth.  I looked up at him in surprise
and wonder and he was smiling holding the fork to me.  I opened my mouth wide
and graciously took the forkful of risotto.  It was exquisite.  I thought that I
would die from an overdose of luxury.  I chewed the risotto slowly at first but
then my stomach felt its presence and I remembered how hungry I was.  Lisa never
gave me my lunch.  Not that I would have enjoyed more dog food anyway, but I
needed something.  This was a much-needed improvement on the dog food.  It was
incredible.  I chewed the rest hungrily and swallowed. 

   The meal went on like that until the food was gone.  There must have been a
lot because I'd had enough to fill me up and I am sure that he ate quite a bit
himself.  He didn't talk much during this time he just ate his dinner and every
once in a while fed me as if I were a faithful little dog kneeling at his feet
waiting for his table scraps.  Oh how true a picture that was.  He would also
give me a few drinks of wine here and there.  It felt like one of the best meals
I had ever had.  Give me a break, okay?  It was relative to my situation.

     When we were finished he wiped his face with his napkin and then he leaned
down and dabbed the napkin at my face, careful to not smudge my make up.  He put
the napkin on the table and then grabbed a set of keys from the top of the
table.  He unlocked my leash from the table leg and pulled me up.  He had to
hold me up a bit because my legs had gone a little numb from kneeling for so
long.  He held me very close to him and I could feel his head next to mine but I
continued to look down.  As I was starting to get the feeling back in my legs
and regaining my composure he leaned down a little and began to kiss me softly
on the lips.  This surprised the hell out of me and I startled for a second
before I melted into the kiss.  I felt his hand go behind my head and pull me
into him even more.  I lost my balance for a second but he never faltered.  I
don't know how long that kissed lasted but at that moment I felt that it could
have gone on for eternity and I would be happy. 

   Tom pulled away from my lips and instantly tugged on my leash to follow him. 
I blissfully followed, intoxicated by his kiss.  This man had strong seductive
powers.  Having been in such an uncomfortable situation before that, it was hard
for me to keep my guard up with him.  He, of course, knew that.

   He had taken me to some sort of study.  Not your normal study, this one had a
very light blue plush carpet and industrial art surrounded the room.  There were
odd images on the wall and odd sculptures on any table or desk in the room. 
There were shelves and shelves of books, but they were not normal shelves. 
These shelves were made of metal and the whole room looked pretty cool.  It was
an intimidating room though.

   Tom sat down on a black leather couch and pointed at his feet for me to kneel
by.  I didn't realize this at the time, because I was still in a daze, but I
knelt immediately without thinking, without hesitation.  The carpet was very
soft and was a welcome change from the hard floor in the dining room.  I
instantly looked down at the floor.  Tom wound my leash around his hand until
there was no slack.  I had no room to move my head anywhere but where it was.  I
could feel Tom looking down at me.

   "Well slave, here are the rules for our discussion.  You must always end any
response with 'Master', and I hope you already knew that one."  He tugged a
little on my leash as he said that, "You may not speak AT ALL unless I direct a
question at you or if I give you permission to ask me a question.  There will no
exceptions no matter how lax things seem unless otherwise stated.  Does this
slave understand?  You may look up at me as you like during at our conversation. 
Now acknowledge that you understand slave."

   He again tugged on my leash.  I looked up at him and nodded.

   "I understand Master."  My voice sounded so foreign to me.  I hadn't spoken a
word without a gag since this afternoon. 

   "Good slave."  He began to pet my "hair" again, "This slave has a lovely
voice."

   "Thank you Master."

   "Hmmm, your welcome slut."  I could hear the smile in his voice.

   "So slave, tell me, what do you think of your new life so far?"

     I was surprised by the bluntness of the question.  I was expecting more of
a warm up, not just jumping right in with such a question. 

   "Ummm..."  I started and then I stammered.  I couldn't get any words out for
fear of telling the truth and then a fear of not telling the truth.  I think
that Tom sensed this.  He pulled on my leash.

   "Slave, you will not be punished for telling the truth."

   This helped me get the words out.

   "I don't like my new life Master.  I hate it.  I want to go home and back to
my life.  I don't want to be here.  I just can't be here.  It isn't fair.  It
just isn't fair.  I was a free woman just a couple of days ago..." tears began
to stream down my cheeks and a big knot set itself in my throat, "and now I am
not.  I have done nothing wrong.  It just isn't fair.  I..."

   At that I felt a tug on my leash and knew that I should stop there.  I began
sobbing and I looked down at the floor, feeling sorry for myself.  I knew that I
had been too longwinded in my answer but I got lost in the emotions of my
answer.  I sat there, kneeling at Tom's feet shaking with sobs from my
self-pity.

   "Get a hold of yourself slave.  You are forgetting your rules.  Address your
Master and yourself correctly."

   I felt the tug at my leash but I continued to sob.  Just when I felt as if I
could contain myself the strong feeling of wanting to sob would take over again. 
I couldn't let go of it.  And then I heard the soft sound of my name.

   "Laura..."

   I froze.  I slowly looked up at Tom.  He was looking intensely at me.  He had
his handkerchief and was leaning down to dry my tears.  I forgot all about my
tears after I heard him utter my name.  I was still shaking but the flow of
tears stopped and my breath was going back to normal.

   "That's better.  This conversation will be ended quickly if you do not
control your emotions, do you understand?"

   I slowly nodded my head, secretly craving for him to speak my name again.  He
was almost talking to me as if I were a human, a human child maybe, but still a
human.  I had so many emotions go through me.  I knew that they knew my name,
but to hear it, oh to hear it after what I had been through was incredible.  I
continued to stare at Tom; I tried not to let the adoration for him that was
starting to pulse through me show. 

   "Now, you will get over these feelings very quickly.  We have a very rigorous
training schedule for you.  You will get used to your new life.  You will have
no choice Laura."

   I cringed at the addition of my name to that sentence.  It was nice to hear
my name again but not with such a thought.  I frowned and looked down.  Was this
true, would I never have choice again?  It just couldn't be.

   "Now tell me about your childhood."

   I looked up at him in surprise.  I didn't know how to respond.  I really
didn't want to think about my childhood while I was trussed up and treated like
a dirty whore.  I wanted to sit on the couch with him.  I wanted him to take the
damn arm binder off and pull the top of my dress back up over my breasts so that
we could interact; man and woman. 

   "I...this slave doesn't know what you want to know Master."

   He pulled on my leash again and looked at me very sternly.

   "Laura, you will answer my questions as they come to you.  You will not
hesitate.  You know what I want to know.  Tell me about your childhood.  This
means tell me the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the words 'your
childhood.'  Come on, I know for a fact that you aren't really a stupid whore."

   He then tugged on my leash again.  I began to feel like I was five.

   "Well...I...um...this slave had a hard childhood like a lot of people Master. 
This slave did not have a father and this slave's mother was an alcoholic.  All
this slave had was school and her..." I felt a hard tug on my leash,
"oww...um...its cats.  This slave chose to pour itself into school and
eventually graduated at the top of its class from high school."

   That was what I thought about when thinking about childhood.  I have always
thought that the fact that I chose to drown myself into school to forget my
problems actually helped me out in the end.  I broke from my thoughts out of
curiosity as to why this monster wanted to know this about me.

   "Well not very detailed, but telling.  And why did this slut choose to go
into business?"

   I looked at him in disbelief.  I didn't want to talk about this with him. 
Talking about my life made me feel even more humiliated in my current position.

   "With all due respect Master, this slave has a hard time discussing these
things trussed up like she...um...it is."

   My head fell forward as he pulled my leash hard.

   "This SLAVE has no choice in the matter.  I ask this whore a question and it
answers.  It is that simple.  Does this SLAVE understand?"

   The intensity in his eyes brought fear into me and I quickly shook my head.

   "Yes Master."  My voice was small and weak.

   "Now answer the question... Laura."

   Oh he was a sadistic bastard.  The sound of my name again surged through me
like electricity.  The asshole knew what he was doing...and it pissed me off to
think that it was working.

   "Well this slave did not want to be poor like its mother, so it wanted to do
something that would be lucrative and business was the natural choice.  It also
turned out to be something that this slave had a natural talent for."

   Tom looked at me for a long time after that.  I looked down after a few
minutes out of embarrassment.  I thought that maybe we were finished but the
line of questioning continued from there.  When he could see that I was getting
emotional again he would address me with my name in such a soft and soothing
tone.  It subdued me as well as if I was a snake and he was my snake charmer. 

   I started to feel like I was on trial or actually more like I was in an
interview.  He had question after question for me.

   "Who was your first boyfriend?"

   "When did you lose your virginity?"

   "How did it feel the first time you were fucked?"

   "How many boys did you date in high school?...and college?"

   "Have you ever had sex with a woman?"

   "What type of books did you read?"

   "Did you watch television?"

   "How often did you talk to your mother?"

   "How many times did you use sex to help your status at work?"

   "Why did you hang out at the bar down the street so much?"

   "Do you think that you were...no Laura look at me...were you on your way to
your mother's alcoholic ways?"

   And it just went on from there.

   He wanted to know everything about my life.  But as we talked more and more I
opened up more and more.  He was still feeding me wine and this made me more
uninhibited in talking to him.  I began to enjoy myself a little bit.

   "How did Mistress make you feel today?"

   I looked up at him with a little apprehension and fear.  I didn't want to
answer this one. 

   "Th...this slave doesn't know how to answer that Master.  Mistress toyed with
this slave's sexuality today.  There was nothing nice about it but this slave
felt feelings that she never thought she would feel, feelings that she didn't
want to feel."

   Tom stared at me some more and then he reached down and caressed my face.

   "Laura, do you enjoy my attentions?"

   My eyes closed in lust at his touch and the sound of him speaking my name.  I
was hoping that he wouldn't ask that question.  I didn't want him to know that I
did indeed enjoy his attention.  Actually one could even say that I craved it. 
I kept telling myself it was the wine.  I looked down as his hand moved from my
face to pet my hair. 

   "Master, this slave has no choice but to admit that the attentions from you
this evening have been very enjoyable."

   I felt like my face was beet red, and it probably was.  Tom brought his
finger under my chin and raised my head up to look at him.

   "Laura, we will abandon the protocols for the next couple of minutes.  I want
you to talk to me as Laura."

   I stared up at him with such gratitude and possibly adoration.  My eyes
teared up, but this time it was from relief.  I have never felt such conflicting
feelings before.  I still knew that my situation was horrendous, but this man
was showing me such kindness that I wasn't expecting.  Since I had woken up from
my abduction, however many hours ago that was, I had not felt any kindness at
all.  Tom had made my plight seem not so bad in these last couple of minutes. 
Yes, I thought that I might have gotten to him and that possibly I could
convince him to let me go.  It is strange how self-deceived thoughts travel
through a person's mind when they are in captivity.

   "Okay Tom."  I said through my tears. 

   It felt so good to call him Tom.  I really couldn't explain it, it just did. 
Tom brought me up to the couch and had me sit next to him.  I was looking at
him, I am sure, like a little puppy who couldn't get enough of its master.  He
gently caressed my "hair" again and then brought my head forward as he gave me
another electric kiss.  I felt myself go limp in his arms and all I could feel
was the euphoric feeling of his kiss.  He took his lips away and then looked at
me as he continued to play with my "hair." 

   "I want to make love to you Laura.  I have done nothing but think about you
since we found you.  I want to feel every inch of your skin on my body.  I want
to inch myself inside you and feel your silky walls enclose around my dick.  I
have never wanted anything this strongly, the way that I want you right now."

   Then he kissed me again.  I didn't know what to say.  I was taken aback by
all of this.  What was happening?  Had I been in the right mind I might have
noticed that something wasn't quite right.  

   I looked at Tom after our kiss and then I leaned my head on his shoulder.

   "I can't believe it, but yes, I want to make love to you too Tom.  But I beg
of you, please take this arm binder off.  Oh my god Tom, I beg you."

   Tom looked down at me and I couldn't tell by his look what he was thinking. 
He lifted me off of his shoulder and then motioned for me to turn around.  I
happily did so.  I was as joyful and giddy at that moment as a ten year old is
in a water park.  I couldn't believe the intense relief that I felt when he
loosened the arm binder.  He unhooked it from my collar and then slid it off of
my arms.  My wrists were still chained together by the leather cuffs that were
locked there, but now my arms had more movement.  Tom turned me back around to
face him and then he gave me one of the most aggressive kisses that I had ever
received.  He was even more aggressive than Lisa had been earlier that day.  I
had no choice but to submissively keep my lips still because I couldn't keep up
with what he was doing.  I just had to sit there while he ravaged my lips. 

   When he pulled away he looked at me some more and then pulled on my leash as
he got up.  He led me out of the study and up a grand flight of stairs that had
a beautiful railing going into a balcony.  We then entered a bedroom so big and
incredibly decorated that I was overwhelmed.  The smell of lavender was
particularly fragrant in this room.  It was decorated in a sort of modern
Victorian style.  That was really the only way to describe it. 

   Tom took off my high heels, thank god, and had me get up and kneel in the
middle of the very large bed.  He then locked my leash to the headboard.  I just
knelt there watching each move Tom made.  I was feeling so much lust and arousal
at that moment and it became even stronger when Tom came up behind me and began
to unthread the corset like top of my dress.  He did it very slowly, which
heightened my arousal.  The dress then slid down my body and I stood up on the
bed as much as my leash would allow so that he could take the dress completely
off. 

   I knelt back down and he put his arms around me from behind to massage my
breasts.  I laid my head back against his shoulder and lost myself in the
pleasure.  He then moved his hands to my shoulders and rubbed down my arms to my
wrist cuffs that were chained together behind my back.  I felt him messing with
them and then a minute later I felt no resistance between the cuffs.  I moved my
arms to bring them in front and to my delight there was no chain holding them
behind me.  I looked back at Tom who was now removing the chain from my ankle
cuffs.  Tom looked up and smiled at my surprised but delighted expression. 

   "Well if we are going to make love, I want to feel your willingness."

   I felt so much adoration for Tom at that moment.  Again tears poured down my
cheeks.  This was the first time that I had my arms and wrists free since I woke
up into slavery.  I looked down and tried to control myself.

   "Thank you Tom."  It came out as barely a whisper, but I know that he heard
me.

   I began to tremble with uncertainty.  I didn't know what was happening to me. 
Confusion began to engulf me and I didn't know what to do.  I just knelt there
with my head down and kept my hands neatly folded on the tops of my thighs.  Tom
got off the bed and began to walk around it looking at me.  My only limitation
was the leash locked to the headboard.  I began to feel even more naked without
my strict bondage.  It was a strange moment.

   "Laura...my god, you look fucking incredible." 

   I looked up at Tom and I could feel my cheeks flush.  Tom got back on the bed
and was in front of me.  He took my head in his hands and kissed me again.  This
time he was soft and sensual. 

   "Do you want to make love to me Laura?"

   He looked down into my eyes and damnit if I didn't want to do anything more
at that moment than make love to him.  I looked down and nodded my head with
embarrassment. 

   "Don't be embarrassed.  You are finally starting to see where you belong. 
You wanting me right now is very natural.  I am your Master, and you should feel
this way about me always."

   I looked up at him through more tears and for some reason his words did not
anger me.  They only made me more aroused.  I wanted him to take me right then
and there.  But I couldn't just accept my situation like that.

   "Yes Tom, I understand, but I don't feel it when I am strictly bound and
treated like an animal.  I don't..."

   Tom silenced me by putting his hand to my mouth.

   "Laura, all of that is part of your new life.  Of course those things will be
harder to get used to because you have lived your life as a free woman.  You
can't just jump into being a slave, that is why we have set up a training
program.  But nights like tonight will be plentiful, although there will me more
restriction in the future, but if you behave at all times and accept your fate
things could be good for you.  You are our slave and that won't change, but it
is up to you how painful or pleasure full your new life will be."

   The familiar tears streamed down my face again and I looked up at Tom.  I
felt so helpless yet safe and that was unsettling.  It was exhausting to be
feeling all of these emotions at once.

   "But Tom, I have done nothing to deserve this.  I am not a slave.  I am a
woman."

   Tom looked at me with pity, as if I were a teenager asking for a car loan.

   "We will remove those thoughts from your pretty little head.  That is our
job.  Yours is to stop analyzing and stop asking questions so that you may begin
to accept your situation."

   My eyes closed tight through my tears.  I shook my head no and I began to
speak.  Tom put his hand over my mouth again.

   "Laura, you must understand that this is permanent.  You are a SLAVE.  This
will never change, but only you can make it a good or a bad thing.  I can't help
you with how you experience this, I can only control your environment.  Only you
can control how you perceive and experience things.  That is the only control
that you have left.  So don't waste it Laura."

   He took his hand off of my mouth and gave me another soft kiss.  Then he
pulled back to look at me with a warm smile.

   "Of course we will condition you during your training, so that will help."

   I didn't know what else to do except bury my head in his shoulder and sob. 
He was right and I knew it, but I just couldn't let go of my pride.  I couldn't
let go of being a woman.  I couldn't let go of my hope for freedom.  To accept
this situation would be to give those things up. 

   Tom pulled my head up off of his shoulder and looked into my weepy eyes.  I
just looked at him and sniffled.  He gently pushed me onto my back and spread my
legs with his hands.  I laid there and looked up at the ceiling.  I knew what
was next but I had become numb and at that moment I didn't care what happened to
me.

   He brought himself over me with his dick at the passage of my pussy.  I could
feel it pushing against my lips.  He didn't move after that.  He just stayed in
that position and looked down at me.

   "Laura look at me."

   I looked up at him.

   "Right now I am going to make love to you as Laura.  Just Laura.  I want you
to realize this because after tonight I will only fuck you as my slave."

   He then kissed me.  My emotions became elevated upon hearing this and they
brought with them a passion that made me put my whole being into making love to
him.  I moved my pussy up more to meet with his cock and I felt him push it
gently inside me as we kissed.  He began to thrust in harder and harder still
while he continued to kiss me.  I kissed back and my tears poured out but my
arousal ran high and I met him with each thrust.  I have never felt such intense
passion and sensuality as I did during that love making session with Tom.  We
were both moaning and grunting with lust and pretty soon he came inside of me. 
I could feel him pump into me and I felt a rising panic.  But before my panic
could make it to the surface Tom spoke to me.

   "Cum for me Laura."

   He said this during his orgasm and it came out in a grunt as he continued to
pump his sperm into me.  I was surprised to suddenly be overtaken with an
intense orgasm.  I never would have thought that I could have responded like
that at being ordered to cum.  But I did and the intensity brought me to
multiple orgasms.

   When I regained my composure I felt Tom lying next to me.  He moved his arm
over my body to play with my breasts and rub on my stomach and then he spoke
softly into my ear.

   "Welcome to your new life Slave."

   Of course I began to cry again and I felt my hope fall.  He got up, unlocked
my leash, and pulled me off of the bed.  I stood there shaking and I could feel
his cum leaking out of my pussy onto the tops of my thighs.  What would become
of that?  I didn't even want to think of that right now.

   Tom reattached my wrist cuffs behind me and then pulled my leash as he began
to walk out of the room.  I was taken back down to my "room" in the basement as
the naked and chained slave that I was.  When we entered the room with my cage I
felt chills.  I was entering this room with a new outlook on things, but I
hadn't yet figured out exactly what it was that had changed.  Was it Tom?  Was
it me? 

   We stopped in front of my cage and Tom turned around with a serious
expression on his face.  The warmth in his eyes was gone and I looked down to
the floor as I realized that my time of being Laura was over.

   "Slave, our rules are back in effect."

   He then reached up and pulled the wig off of my head.  I gasped out loud but
I did not look up at him. 

   I thought sadly how he had just ripped Laura from me.

   Tom then took me over to one of the chains hanging down from the ceiling and
attached it to my collar.  He walked away for a minute to return with the
ever-present penis gag.  It was no surprise when he shoved it up my pussy and
then held it there while he put a vibrator against my clit.  My legs shook as
the vibrator worked a weak orgasm out of me and then he kept it on there for
another one.  This one took longer though and he threatened me with the riding
crop if I didn't hurry up.  Fortunately I was close and I delivered the second
orgasm to him.  As I was shakily recovering he shoved the penis gag wet with my
juices in my mouth and then tightly locked the harness around my head.  I sighed
and continued to look down.  He just stood there and looked at me with a firm
expression.

   "What a dirty little whore this slut is.  It can have an orgasm from
any.thing. can't it?"  He had a disgusted tone as he emphasized the word
"anything."

   "Well, I think that we shall just have to see what this slut does when it
can't have an orgasm for a while.  Seeing that it will be bound and under our
strict control, we will not allow it to orgasm for about a month or so.  I think
that is what this slave deserves.  What does this whore think?"

   With that he flicked the nipple of my right breast.  I crouched back in shock
and stared ahead with what was, I am sure, a look of dismay.  I didn't really
like most of the orgasms that they had been repeatedly forcing on me, even
though I derived pleasure out of them, but I knew that the feelings of
frustration from not having an orgasm would be even more humiliating.  Oh my
god, what a prick.  I didn't know what to do.

   "Answer me slave."  Tom then twisted my nipple.

   "MMMM..  uuhhs muhhsuhh."

   "Good slave.  Verrry good.  Well since you agree, then we will not allow this
slave orgasms for about a month.  It will be up to me to decide exactly when
this slave can have an orgasm again.  It might be a month or it might be longer,
but it will definitely be at least a month."

   I moaned in despair and Tom laughed at me.  The asshole had barely given me
enough time to think about what I had been through and the emotions that were
still left over from my night.  He had let me be Laura again, probably for the
last time and there were still things that I needed to sift through from that. 
I didn't need to ponder a new torture already. 

   "Now, I think that Mistress told me something about this slave wetting itself
during the night?  We have just the thing for that."

   Tom then went to go get the diaper.  I stomped my foot and I moaned my
tantrum into my gag.  I felt like a toddler and that was just what they were
trying to do, I am very sure of that.  Tom had built me up tonight so that he
could bring me down even further than I had been before. 

   Tom unceremoniously put the diaper on me and then locked me in my cage for
the night.  He walked out degrading me and then turned the lights out.  Just
before he shut and bolted the door he bid me goodnight. 

   "Goodnight slave." 

   Then he was gone and I was alone in my cage to ponder everything.

   Tonight I couldn't even think of revenge all I could think about was the
words that Tom had spoken to me as Laura.  I wanted so badly to be Laura again. 
I wasn't this slave that Tom and Lisa were trying to make me be.  Was I?  What
was happening to my resolve?  Where was my strength?  I tried to tap into it,
but it was fading.  It was fading fast with my hope. 

   That night, I cried myself to sleep in a pitiful fit of self-pity.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  julise


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





