BDSM Library - Out of the Frying Pan




Out of the Frying Pan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: According to urban legend, if you place a frog in a pan of tepid water and turn the heat up slowly enough, you can boil the frog and it won't jump out.  Can the same thing be done, metaphorically, to a woman?
Out of the Frying Pan

by Harold




	"You have a very spankable bottom."

	That's what he had said.  Linda was annoyed that his remark should have
upset her the way it did, but she couldn't help it.  It had been such a pleasant
encounter, and then he'd said that.

	Linda had been attending a basketball game at the school where she
taught fourth grade.  As she'd walked down the aisle between the bleachers, her
shoestring, which had become untied, caught around one of the bolts which held
the bleachers down.  Linda had stumbled and nearly dropped the load of books she
was carrying as she regained her balance.  She tottered on one foot as she tried
to get her other foot back into her shoe when she felt a hand on her shoulder,
steadying her.

	"Allow me," said a voice which apparently belonged to the hand.

	Linda looked over her shoulder to see a man about her own age wearing a
coat and tie.  He took her books from her arms and set them in a vacant seat,
then backed Linda into an adjacent seat.  He removed her shoe, disentangled it
from where it was caught, then put it back on her foot, laced it up neatly and
tied it.

	"Thank you," Linda had said as she took his extended hand and returned
to her feet.

	"Glad I could help," said the stranger, handing her her books.  "You
have a very spankable bottom."

	"What!  And just what if I don't want to be spanked?" Linda snapped
indignantly.

	"That would be good," he replied and was gone.

	Why do men always do those things?  Here she had had a perfectly
charming, romantic, even mildly erotic, encounter with a total stranger and he'd
ruined it.  It was the kind of thing she would have fantasized about for days
and he'd had to make that stupid remark.

	And what did he mean by  "that would be good".  Good for whom?  Did he
mean it would be good that she didn't want to be spanked or did he mean he
preferred to spank women who didn't want to be spanked?

	Just who did he think he was?  For that matter, who was he?  It wasn't
that large a school and Linda knew all the staff and almost all the parents, but
she'd never seen him before.  Where had he gone?  He'd appeared out of nowhere,
helped her, made his little remark, and vanished.

	Whoever he was, he monopolized Linda's thoughts.  It had been a week
now.  She hadn't seen him since, which she found both a relief and a
disappointment.  If it hadn't been for that remark, she might have tried to find
out who he was.

	Another week went by and she was finally able to think about other
things--until tonight.  She was at another basketball game, watching the eighth
graders lose.  She tried to pay attention to the game, but she found herself
anxiously scanning the crowd, hoping not to see him.  Her inspection of the
crowd was interrupted by someone sitting down next to her.

	"You should have dinner with me."

	It was him.  Linda fought to get her rising panic under control.  "Why? 
So you can...so you can spank me?"  Linda had intended to sound relaxed and
mildly sarcastic, but her faltering delivery had blown it. 

	"I make it a rule to never spank anyone on a first date," he replied.

	"So you're asking me for a date?"  Her stammering on her previous reply
had made her angry, which caused her to pull herself together.

	"Yes, I am."

	"And what do you do on a second date?"

	"That all depends, doesn't it?  There can't be a second date unless
there's a first.  Now, what about my invitation?"

	"I think that would be bad," Linda said in an unsuccessful attempt to
mimic the ambiguity of the man's previous parting remark.

	"Perhaps another time then," the man said and departed.

	Linda was even more troubled by this encounter than the previous one. 
She sometimes saw her life as a series of missed (and not just missed, she told
herself, but rejected) opportunities.  Should she have gone out with him?  If it
hadn't been for that remark about being spankable, she would have accepted
eagerly.  Should she have gone out with him?  Probably, she thought.  The lost
opportunity seemed to be causing her more emotional upset than might be caused
by a first date that went badly.  At least that way she'd know.

	At forty-two Linda didn't get asked out all that often.  Most of the men
she met were parents of her students, and others seemed to assume she was
married, which she hadn't been for five years.  It had been a while since
someone had made a provocative remark to her.  Perhaps she should have been
flattered.  On the other hand, the guy had expressed a desire to spank her. 
Never in her life had she been spanked and she had no intention of changing that
for some random weirdo.  It did, however, give him an air of danger which
somehow made him more interesting.

	Another three weeks went by and Linda's routine returned to normal,
which was to say, boring.  She had sat anxiously through another basketball
game, but the man had failed to appear.

	The letter arrived on a Tuesday, addressed in a bold hand using a broad
tipped fountain pen.  It was addressed to Miss Linda Wilson.  Linda noted that
"Miss" was spelled out, as opposed to using the abbreviation, "Ms."  She opened
the envelope.

Mr. Richard Hunter
requests the pleasure of your
company at dinner on
Friday, March 5th at 6:00 P.M.

Return the appropriate card in the
envelope provided.  Should you
accept, you will be picked up at your
residence at the time referenced above.

	Included with the card was a return envelope and two cards, one
imprinted "I accept" and the other "I decline".

	"So that's his name," Linda thought.  She supposed it could be from
someone else, but no one else had asked her out recently.  She wondered where he
lived, but the envelope bore no return address and the return envelope was
addressed to a post office box.

	Linda read the card over several times.  It was written in the same hand
as the envelope and the phrasing of the invitation seemed to her to be
excessively formal, almost severe.  Well, maybe he was overcompensating.  She
had rejected his invitation when he had made it in person.

	This was her opportunity.  She'd been beating herself up for refusing
his last invitation.  She put the "I accept" card in the return envelope and
sealed it.  To prevent herself from getting cold feet later on, she drove to the
local post office and mailed the card.

	Linda was a mess the rest of the week.  Even her fourth graders noticed
she was distracted and took full advantage of her inattention.  She wondered
what was wrong with her.  It was just a date.  She'd been on lots of dates in
her life.  What was the big deal?

	The big deal, she decided, was the mystery.  She had never gone out with
someone she knew so little about.  Even the occasional blind dates were set up
by friends.  She had also never gone out with someone who had expressed a desire
to spank her.  They had probably exchanged fewer than a dozen sentences.  She
found him attractive, definitely, but knowing a total stranger wanted to spank
her was unnerving.

	Arriving home on Friday afternoon, Linda began to get ready.  She had
thought about what to wear, but since she didn't know where they were going, it
was a hard choice.  She had finally chosen a white blouse which she closed at
the neck with a cameo, a brown skirt that had a little more flair than her
school attire, a matching jacket, hose, heels, and a dangly pair of earrings
that she'd been wanting to wear somewhere.  Looking at herself in the mirror,
she decided she looked almost, but not quite, like a school teacher, which she
thought was about right.

	Just as Linda finished her makeup, the doorbell rang.  It was exactly
6:00 PM.  She wondered how he'd timed it so precisely.

	"Good evening, Linda.  I'm so pleased you chose to accept."

	"Hello, Richard.  Would you like to come in while I get my coat?  So
tell me, do you go by Richard, or Rick, or Dick...what do people call you?"

	"It's Richard," Richard said firmly.

	"And how did you know my name?"

	"You're on the faculty list.  Here, let me help you with that," Richard
said, holding her coat for her.

	"I guess I'm ready.  Where are we going?"

	"It's a surprise."

	"Okay," Linda said, but she was beginning to wonder what she had gotten
herself into.

	Richard's car was an older BMW, maybe ten years old but looked newer. 
He opened the door for Linda, then said, "One thing before we go, just to add to
the suspense, I'd like to blindfold you."

	"Richard, I'm not comfortable with this," Linda said as he lifted a thin
scarf to her eyes.

	"Alright, then," he relented, "how about you just keep your eyes
closed."

	"Okay," Linda said as she got in and Richard closed her door.

	The blindfold thing had worried Linda a little and she cracked her
eyelids enough to take an occasional peek just in case she might need to know
where she was.  They appeared to be headed downtown

	After a bit Richard pulled into a crowded parking lot and opened Linda's
door.  She hadn't been able to catch the sign in front of the restaurant, but
she was relieved to see that they actually were at a busy restaurant.
	"Now that we're here, I wonder if you would consent to the blindfold."

	"I don't know..."

	"Trust me, it will be fun," Richard reassured her.

	"Well, I guess," Linda acquiesced.  She could hear people coming and
going, so she decided it was probably safe to go along with Richard's little
game.

	Richard tied the scarf around Linda's eyes and her sight was cut off. 
"Now just stay with me.  I won't let you fall or bump into anything," Richard
said, taking her hand.

	Linda stepped forward into the darkness and Richard guided her expertly
by the hand, occasionally putting his arm around her shoulders to steer her
around a tight corner or over a step.  After a bit, she felt secure with
Richard's arm around her.

	He had been right, Linda thought.  This was fun.  She could hear the
noise level drop in the crowded restaurant as people fell silent as she was led
past them.

	Linda's walk through the restaurant came to an end and she was seated. 
Thinking that she had reached her destination, she raised her hands to the
blindfold.  Richard wrapped his hands around her wrists and pulled them firmly
to her lap.  "Not yet," he whispered into her ear.

	After some clinking and shuffling, Linda's blindfold was removed.  The
lighting in the restaurant was subdued and didn't cause her now dark adapted
eyes to squint.  She found herself seated at a table covered in white linen.  A
single tall candle flickered at the center of the table and before her was a
place setting of white china rimmed in gold.  Her water glass was full as was
her wine glass which contained a pinkish wine she assumed was white zin.  A
single red rose lay across her plate.  A waiter stood attentively by and handed
her a menu when she looked up.

	Linda was charmed.  Neither her former husband nor anyone else had ever
done anything this romantic.  Richard sat across the table from her smiling,
taking pleasure in her delight.

	The evening was even better than Linda could have hoped for.  Richard
had been a bit formal and distant at first, but after a glass of wine had
loosened up nicely, as had Linda herself.  He was a wonderful conversationalist
and seemed sincerely interested in everything about Linda.  She found herself
telling him everything-about her childhood, her marriage, her divorce, her
students, everything.

	Richard complimented her on her diction, which pleased Linda.  She
prided herself on her speaking voice and had always been careful to enunciate
clearly.

	There was one odd little thing.  Linda still didn't know where she was. 
Strangely, the menu had not had the name of the restaurant printed on it.  When
she had asked Richard where they were, he had replied, "It's a secret."  Linda
didn't want to break the spell of the evening and didn't pursue the matter.

	After dinner, Richard surprised her by reapplying the blindfold.  This
time she acquiesced more readily.  She thrilled at the contact as Richard guided
her back to the car.  Once seated, Richard had fastened her seatbelt and again
pulled her hands away from the blindfold.

	"I'll remove it when the time comes," he told her.

	Linda didn't protest.  She was loath to spoil the magic of the
evening--and it was magical--cruising through the blackness, talking to Richard,
not knowing or caring where she was.

	After a while, the car stopped.  Richard helped her out and led her away
from the car.  After going up a couple of steps, he removed her blindfold.  They
were at her front door.

	"Thank you for a glorious evening," Richard said.

	Linda said something similar in response, although she couldn't remember
what.  She fumbled for her keys and turned to unlock her front door.  When she
turned back again, Richard's back was to her and he was headed off the porch. 
"Wait, come back," she wanted to call out, but didn't.  She stepped inside and
watched as Richard got in his car and drove away.

	Back inside, she found a bud vase for her rose and put it on the dresser
in her bedroom.  She later remembered feeling a profound sadness when it wilted
and had left it there long past its prime until the petals littered her dresser.

	Linda spent the next day in a fog.  Fortunately it was Saturday and she
didn't have to contend with her fourth graders.  She hadn't realized how lonely
she was.  Since her divorce, she had taken a certain pride in her independence,
but it was also nice to have someone look after her, even if only for an
evening.

	She had enjoyed the dinner and the conversation with Richard, but what
she remembered most about the evening was the time she had spent blindfolded,
being guided through the restaurant by Richard, sitting in the car, not caring
where she was going.  She had been a bit surprised by Richard's rather abrupt
departure once she was home, but ending a first date was always a bit awkward. 
He may not have handled that as well as he could have, but she gave him high
marks for the rest of the evening.

	On Sunday, she was disappointed that she didn't hear from Richard,
Monday even more so.  By Tuesday, she was beginning to worry that somehow she'd
blown it and he wasn't going to call, but Tuesday night the phone rang.

	They were going out on Friday.  Richard was taking her dancing.

	Richard picked her up on Friday evening and again took her to dinner,
this time sans blindfold.  Tonight she was at a restaurant that she was familiar
with.  She still had no idea where she had been last week.

	After dinner, Richard took her to a club in the south end.  He secured a
table and had drinks brought to them, then took her hand and led her to the
dance floor.  At the edge of the floor, Richard stopped and once again tied the
blindfold over Linda's eyes.  Once again, it was magical.  Without her sight,
there was only the music and Richard holding her, guiding her around the floor. 
When the music stopped, Richard led her back to their table and placed her drink
in her hands.  He kept her blindfolded the rest of the evening.

	After more dancing and a second round of drinks, Linda was back in the
car, sightless, going wherever Richard was taking her.   She recalled that he
had given her no assurance about their second date.  She wondered if he was
going to want to spank her.  She just might let him.

	Linda knew where she was.  She was on her front porch again, but this
time Richard did not remove her blindfold.  He asked her to open her purse and
give him her key.  Her heart fluttered as Richard unlocked her door and led her
inside.

	"Do not remove your blindfold for five minutes," he ordered her.

	"How will I know when it's been five minutes?"

	"Count to three hundred."  Then the door closed and she realized Richard
was on the other side of it.  He was gone again.

	Linda did not count to three hundred.  She fumbled her way into the
bedroom, undressed, and climbed into bed.  Her hand snaked down to her crotch as
she imagined Richard's weight pressing her into the mattress.  She did not
remove her blindfold until morning.

	On Saturday, she was again disappointed that Richard didn't call.  On
Sunday, it occurred to her that she should call him.  That was when the
realization struck her how little she knew about Richard.  She knew he worked
for a schoolbook publisher and lived generally in her neighborhood, but that was
about it.  She didn't know his phone number, his address, or anything.  She
didn't know for sure which publisher he worked for.  She had no way to contact
him.  Why had he told her so little of himself?  Was he married?  She would have
to ask him next time she saw him, but she was frightened of the answer.

	Richard called again on Tuesday.  Again they made a date for Friday. 
"Since the blindfold is at your house, I expect you to be wearing it when I
arrive for you.  Leave the door unlocked. I'll come in and get you."

	Linda sat in the dark, waiting.  The front door opened.

	"Hello, Linda.  I wish there was some way for you to know how delightful
you look.  Give me your hand."

	Linda extended her hand and Richard pulled her to her feet.  He led her
out the door, locking it behind them, and helped her into the car.

	"And what are we going to do this evening?"

	"Dinner first, then we're going skating," Richard told her.

	Once again Linda found herself being guided, blind, through a busy
restaurant.  She was pretty sure it was a different one from the first time.  It
didn't sound the same and the carpet felt less plush.  This time Richard ordered
for her.  She was having fried chicken.  She realized that this was something
she could eat with her fingers.  He wasn't going to remove her blindfold.

	After she had finished, she lifted a napkin to her face, but Richard
stopped her.

	"Allow me," he said.  He put his hand on her forehead and tilted her
head back, then covered her face with a moist heated towel.  He massaged her
forehead through the towel, then worked his way down her cheeks to her mouth and
chin.  He took her hand in his and wrapped it in another warm towel and worked
it over her palm, then drew it slowly and softly along the length of each of her
fingers.  He repeated the operation on the other hand.  Linda sat and tingled.

	At the skating rink, Richard had seated Linda in a chair, removed her
shoes, and worked the skates onto her feet, lacing them up.  He took his time
about it, and Linda was definitely aroused by the time he finished.

	Skating was a bit more problematic with the blindfold on, but Richard
matched his gait to hers, held her hand and supported her with his arm around
her waist.  Once again Linda melted into the darkness, feeling Richard holding
her, guiding her.  At one point he had twirled her about and caught her when she
stumbled.

	In the car on the way home, Linda couldn't bring herself to ask Richard
if he was married.  She knew she would have to eventually, but not now, not
tonight.

	Richard led Linda into her house and closed the door, this time
remaining inside.  He pulled Linda to him and kissed her.  She wrapped her arms
around him and kissed him, clinging to him.

	"It's time, Linda.  I think you're ready."

	Was she ready?  She was pretty certain she knew what Richard was going
to do to her.  Was she ready?

	Richard led her down the hall to the bedroom and seated her in the chair
in front of her vanity.  He removed her shoes, then pulled her to her feet.

	"Now, Linda, I want you to kneel on the floor right here."  Linda
dropped to her knees and Richard sat in the chair she had occupied.  "Good, now
lean forward.  That's good.  Now push yourself up onto my lap."

	Yes, she was going to be spanked.  She knew she should object as a
matter of principle if nothing else.  She was a grown woman.  Richard pulled her
skirt up to her waist.  She should object.  It was humiliating to be put across
someone's lap and spanked like a naughty child.  She should object.  Richard
worked her panties down to mid thigh.  She should object, but what she said was,
"Don't hurt me."

	"Linda, you know a spanking has to hurt or it wouldn't be a spanking,
but don't worry.  It won't be too bad.  Just relax and let it happen.  You know
you need it."

	Did she need it?  Maybe she did if she wasn't doing anything to stop it. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by the impact of the first blow.  Linda shrieked,
more from surprise than pain.  A second blow landed, this time on the other
cheek.  Richard continued spanking her, alternating cheeks but hitting the same
spot on each every time.  Linda began to sniffle as the burning in her backside
increased with each blow.  It was so humiliating, being spanked like this, and
it hurt.  Linda couldn't control herself any longer.  She began sobbing.  Yes,
she deserved this.  She was a bad girl.  She'd known it for years.

	"That's good," Richard said, "that's very good.  Let it out.  Let it all
out."

	At last it was over.  Linda stood sobbing in her stocking feet.  Richard
held her to him until she regained her composure, then kissed her.  She stood
unmoving as he unbuttoned and removed her blouse, then her bra.  He placed his
hands on her chest and rubbed his thumbs lightly over he nipples.  Linda moaned
softly and leaned forward, trying to kiss him again.

	Richard removed the rest of her clothes leaving only the blindfold.  He
scooped her into his arms and carried her to the bed.  Richard worked his hand
up between her legs and ran it gently between her already moist lips, then
climbed on top of her.

	Linda screamed and bucked as Richard pumped in and out of her until
finally they both subsided and Richard relaxed, his full weight crushing her
into the mattress as she had imagined he would.  She wrapped her arms around him
and moaned.

	"Oh, please," she begged silently, "oh, please don't let him be married. 
I need this man.  Oh, please."

	Morning finally arrived.  Linda lay snuggled against Richard, gathering
her courage.  Finally, she spoke.

	"Richard?"

	"Yes?"

	"Richard, are you married?"

	"No.  Why do you ask?"

	"It's just that I don't know where you live.  I don't know your phone
number or anything, and, you know, I was worried.  I was afraid it was all too
good to be true.  I'm sorry.  I hope I haven't offended you."

	"You have nothing to worry about.  My divorce was finalized about six
months ago.  I'll give you my card.  It has my cell phone number on it, so you
can call me anytime you want."

	Richard removed Linda's blindfold and they got up.  Linda fixed him
breakfast, then after leaving her several of his cards, he departed.

	About noon Linda's curiosity got the better of her and she called the
number on Richard's card just to see.  He answered promptly.

	"Richard, I was thinking.  I'd like to cook you dinner if you felt like
coming by this evening."

	"Wonderful, I accept.  What time should I be there."

	"About six."

	Linda got busy.  After a quick run to the store, she prepared a roast
and put it in the oven, then fixed the side dishes.  She set the table, got out
some candles, then went to get herself ready.  She vacillated between a long
black cocktail dress and a black miniskirt.  She finally opted for the miniskirt
with a low cut blouse, white hose, and a major pair of heels.

	One of the reasons she'd chosen this outfit was because it was something
she'd never wear in public.  This was her chance to wear it, she told herself. 
She hoped Richard would like it.

	Once again, Richard arrived precisely on time.

	"How lovely," Richard exclaimed, sweeping her into his arms and kissing
her.  "And I thought you were spankable before."

	"Let's not get carried away, Richard.  We have to eat dinner first."

	Richard ate heartily and Linda was flattered that he found her cooking
so enjoyable.  She realized that although this was her fourth dinner with
Richard (yes, she was counting), it was only the second time she had been able
to see him as they ate.

	It was warm for march and after dinner, they walked about the yard and
Richard admired her garden.  Richard suggested they walk around the
neighborhood, but even wearing a coat, Linda was embarrassed to be seen by the
neighbors in her outfit, so they went back inside.

	Once inside, Richard asked her to fetch the blindfold which he put in
his pocket, then led her back to the dining room, where he sat in a straight
back chair.

	"You're going to spank me now, aren't you."

	"I certainly am."

	"Do you have to?  Couldn't we just go to bed?"

	"Linda, did you really think you could wear that outfit and not get a
spanking?"

	"Well..."

	"Just as I thought.  I want you to go to your bedroom and bring back the
largest hairbrush you own."

	"Richard, no..."

	"Don't say no to me, Linda.  Don't ever say no to me.  Always before
you've dressed like a school teacher, but tonight you've dressed to tease me. 
Girls who tease need a good spanking.  Don't think you're not going to get one. 
Fetch the brush."

	Linda did as she was told, returning a few moments later, sulkily
handing a broad hairbrush to Richard.  It had stung her to be ordered about like
that, but Richard had been right about her clothes and she knew it.

	Richard stood up and held her, telling her that it would be alright,
that deep down she knew she needed to be spanked and that it would make her a
better person.  He tied the blindfold about her eyes again, then directed her to
remove her panties and guided her across his lap.

	She was still a little sore from last night and tonight's spanking was
much more severe.  Linda kicked and screamed.  She cried even harder than last
night, huge wracking sobs interspersed with shrieks as each blow landed.  The
pain was nearly unbearable, but the greater pain was that Richard would choose
to hurt her like this.  But, as he had told her, she brought it on herself.

	When it was over, Richard sat her on his lap, kissed away her tears, and
held her.  Once she had quieted, he took her to bed and made love to her so
tenderly that she was willing to forgive the spanking or pretty much anything
else.

	In the morning, Richard got her up, dressed her, and fixed her
breakfast.  He kept her blindfolded the entire time.  After breakfast, he left.

	Linda was pretty sure she was in love with Richard.  They had only spent
4 nights together so far, but no one had ever made her feel like he did.  She
felt loved, cared for.  She was concerned about where the relationship would
lead, but it was already clear to her that she had no control over that. 
Richard was in charge and it would go wherever he took it.  After all, one of
the things she liked about Richard was that he was in charge.

	Over the next few weeks, she saw Richard every weekend and sometimes
through the middle of the week.  He took her various places, but the evening
would always end in the same manner.  Linda would be soundly spanked and then
Richard would take her to bed.  He kept her blindfolded most of the time; on one
occasion she was kept sightless for an entire weekend.  She was now required to
put on her blindfold each time before he arrived.  Linda considered it ironic
that she seldom actually saw the man she was seeing.

	Linda had tried wearing the blindfold on an evening when she was home
alone, but it wasn't the same.  Without Richard there to guide her through the
dark, there was just no point.

	Even though she didn't see Richard much of the time, she felt him.  Oh,
yes, she felt him.  Felt him touching her, guiding her through the darkness,
helping her in and out of the car, up and down steps, undressing her,
positioning her for her nightly spanking, setting her backside aflame with his
hand or her brush, the tender moments of comforting her after her spanking, then
scooping her up and carrying her to bed, and then felt him inside her.  She came
to welcome the darkness that Richard imposed on her, since it always led to his
touch.

	There was still one obstacle to Linda's complete happiness.  All of
their activities were centered out of her house.  She still did not know where
Richard lived.  He had told her that in due course she would be taken to his
house, but it hadn't happened yet.  Richard was keeping her in the dark both
literally and figuratively, and she couldn't shake the fear that the reason she
had never been to his home was because he had a wife there.

	She needed someone to talk to and finally told her friend Jane of her
fears.  Jane was a legal secretary and two days later she called Linda back.

	"I checked on your guy, Richard.  Mostly it's good news.  First of all,
I'm pretty sure Richard Hunter is his real name.  He has no criminal record, his
credit history is good, and his divorce was finalized last October.  I couldn't
find any record of a marriage since then.  I can't say he doesn't have a girl
friend, but it looks like what little he has told you is true."

	"What about an address," Linda wanted to know.

	"Before the divorce he lived on Ridgemont, but his wife got the house. 
Her name is Penelope Hunter and she sold it about a month later.  Her current
address is unknown.  She may be out of the area.  Since the divorce, the only
thing I can find for Richard is a post office box.  I couldn't find out where he
lives, but that's the only thing I've come across that's the least bit odd."

	Linda was heartened by Jane's report, but still puzzled.  Why wouldn't
Richard take her to his house?  She asked Richard about it again that night, but
all he would say was that she would be taken there when the time came.

	That night she determined that she would see what she could find out for
herself.  After Richard was asleep, she slipped her blindfold off and crept out
of bed.  She extracted Richard's wallet from his trousers and took it into the
bathroom.  She closed the door and turned on the light.

	There wasn't much in the wallet.  She found a couple of credit cards. 
His drivers license listed the Ridgemont address.  Linda reassembled the wallet
and turned out the light.  She opened the door and crept out of the bathroom,
only to bump into Richard who was standing there fully clothed.

	"My wallet, please."

	Timidly, Linda handed the wallet to Richard, who jammed it into his
pocket, then turned and stalked from the room.

	"Richard, wait.  Where are you going?"

	"Away."

	"Away where?"

	"That is none of your business.  I will not be back."

	Linda burst into tears.  "Richard, no, you can't."

	"I can and I shall.  I will not be with a woman who doesn't trust me."

	Linda dashed after Richard, dropped to her knees, and wrapped her arms
around his legs.  "Don't leave me.  Please don't leave me.  I'm sorry, I'm
sorry.  Don't leave me."

	Richard seized Linda by the upper arms and dragged her across the room. 
He sat down in a chair and released his grip.  Linda was kneeling on the floor
before him.

	"Linda, you've hurt me deeply.  I've grown to love you over these past
few weeks and I had hoped that you might have felt the same, but obviously you
don't.  If you did, you wouldn't treat me like this."

	Linda cried all the harder.  This was the first time Richard had told
her that he loved her.  What had she done?  "Oh, Richard, I'm so sorry.  I love
you.  I truly do love you.  Please don't leave me.  I'm so sorry."

	"Linda, I'm going to give you another chance..."

	"Thank you, oh, thank you," Linda gasped, breathless, " I won't do it
again, I promise."

	"Hear me out.  I'll give you another chance, but it will require a
penance.  You are going to have to atone for your faithlessness..."

	"Anything you want, anything."

	"Here is what you must do.  When I return this evening you must be
dressed as you were the first time I used the brush on you.  You are a naughty
little girl and you will present yourself as such.  Your punishment will then be
administered and this matter will be behind us."

	Richard leaned forward, kissed Linda on the forehead, and departed.		

	Linda collapsed on the floor, gasping.  She couldn't believe she'd done
something so stupid.  Richard loved her, and she had locked herself in the
bathroom and gone through his wallet.  She had almost lost him.  She was glad he
was going to punish her.  She would deserve whatever he was going to do to her. 
She realized he had been right.  Undergoing punishment would restore balance and
trust.  As he had said, it would finalize the matter and it would be behind
them.

	It was nearly noon by the time Linda had sufficiently recovered from the
morning's trauma to start functioning.  She should probably eat something, she
told herself, but she wasn't hungry.  She began preparing herself for Richard. 
She showered, put on her briefest panties and skimpiest bra and a pair of white
thigh high stockings.  She wore the skirt and blouse that she had worn before. 
Then she braided her hair, hoping to look more like a little girl.  She paid
special attention to her makeup, trying to keep it unobtrusive, but making her
eyes look large and waif-like and adding some blush to her cheeks.

	It was after three when she finished preparing herself.  Richard hadn't
told her when he was coming back.  She sat in the living room to await his
arrival.  She wondered what he was going to do to her.  She thought it most
likely that she was going to get a really bad spanking.  She wasn't as willing
to volunteer for punishment as she had been this morning, but it would be worth
it to keep Richard.

	Richard arrived at about six.  Linda had grown weary of waiting and
fallen asleep.  She heard him at the front door and hastily stood erect, clasped
her hands behind her back, and cast her eyes down only to look up again to see
what it was that Richard was carrying.

	The object Richard carried into the house resembled nothing so much as a
saw horse in shape.  It was made of wood that was stained dark and varnished and
built much heavier than a saw horse.  It stood somewhat higher than the average
sawhorse and the broad crossbar was padded.  There were leather straps attached
to the legs.

	Richard set the object down, got a chair from the dining room and placed
it before Linda.  He sat down.  Richard was wearing boots and khaki shirt and
pants of a military cut rather than his usual coat and tie.  He spoke to her
harshly in a voice that seemed strangely not his own.

	"On your knees woman.  That is the proper posture for a penitent." 
Linda knelt.  "Before I punish you, you must confess to me.  I want you to tell
me why you're being punished."

	"Because I searched your wallet."

	"You stole the wallet and searched it.  You did not have permission to
have it in your possession.  Furthermore, you disobeyed and removed your
blindfold.  Now make a proper confession."

	"I stole your wallet and searched it.  I disobeyed and removed my
blindfold."

	"And what is to result from these actions?" Richard demanded.

	"I am to be punished."

	"Very good.  We will begin.  Stand before the horse and remove your
shoes and panties."

	Linda obeyed, then stood waiting.  She examined the horse and wondered
where it had come from.  Had he acquired it today especially for her punishment? 
She didn't think so.  It somehow didn't look new.

	"Now, bend over.  Scoot up onto the crossbar."

	The crossbar was more than waist high.  Linda pressed her hands down
against it and her feet left the floor.  Richard helped her up and she found
herself bent over the horse, arms dangling on one side and legs on the other. 
He took her wrist and pulled it over to the leg of the horse, buckling the strap
around it.  She saw that the strap was creased from the buckle.  Hers was not
the first wrist to be confined here.  Richard secured her other wrist.

	"Richard, you don't have to strap me down."  Being bound frightened her.

	"You will find it's necessary.  You won't be able to hold still for this
on your own."

	Linda didn't say anything as Richard strapped her ankles down on the
other side of the horse.  She had determined to undergo whatever he was going to
do, and fought to control the panic induced by the restraints.

	Richard said he would be back in a minute and went outside.  Linda,
perforce, remained where she was.  She didn't like being spanked, but Richard
seemed to like doing it, so she would submit, and it did seem to fulfill some
need in her.  She had occasionally wondered at her need to be punished.  She'd
never really been aware of it until she met Richard, but it was there.  She
didn't want to be spanked, she didn't like it, but she seemed to need it.  Just
the same, she was frightened.  She wondered why she wasn't blindfolded.  She
wanted her blindfold.

	Richard returned. He was carrying a stiff, somewhat springy whip about
three feet long.  He swished it experimentally as he approached Linda.

	Linda gasped, now truly frightened.  "Oh, no.  Richard, please, no.  Not
with that.  Please."

	Richard walked around the horse and squatted before Linda.  He grabbed a
handful of hair and jerked her head up.

	"Haven't you been forbidden to say no?  Haven't you?"

	"Yes," Linda squeaked.

	"Now tell me again why you're here, why you are to be punished."

	"I...I stole your wallet and I searched it and I took off my blindfold."

	"And what else?  What did you just do?"

	"And I said no to you."

	"You have caused a deep hurt.  Balance must be restored and so you must
be hurt in your turn," Richard told her.

	Linda's entire body quivered in terror.  She was strapped down and she
was going to be whipped.  She jerked helplessly at the restraints, but there was
nothing she could do about it.  It was really going to happen.  The hollow empty
feeling in her stomach expanded to engulf her entire body.

	"Please," she begged, "could I have my blindfold."

	Richard tied the blindfold in place and Linda entered the security of
the dark.  Richard flipped her skirt up, exposing her.

	Linda lay quaking in the darkness, waiting.  Richard let her wait,
savoring her captivity, her exposure, her quivering fright.

	Linda heard it coming.  Richard swung hard and the whip made a thin
swooshing noise which ended in a loud crack across her exposed flesh.  Linda
screamed.  She had never felt anything like it.  The pain started out as
unbearable and grew in intensity as her nerve endings slowly came to a full
realization of what had happened.  Finally, as it began to diminish, she heard
another swish and screamed again as a second blow landed.
	Richard whipped Linda most cruelly, pausing to let her experience the
full pain of each blow before delivering another.  Linda screamed and sobbed,
struggling in her bonds and begging for Richard to please not hurt her any more,
but Richard did not reply, nor did he relent.  Linda was alone in her darkness
with only the pain, and each time the pain began to fade it was renewed by
Richard with another blow, and then another, ascending to a new higher level of
agony each time.

	Linda hadn't realized it was over until she heard him go out the door. 
After a bit, she heard him reenter and then her blindfold was removed and she
returned to the world of light--not a lot of light, it was dark in the room now. 
Richard squatted before her.  Oddly, he was wearing his coat and tie again.  He
tilted her chin up, kissed her on the forehead, and began unbuckling her wrists. 
He released her ankles and helped her to her feet.

	Richard put Linda's blindfold back in place and held her.  Linda stood
in her darkness, being held by Richard with her head on his shoulder, still
crying uncontrollably.  Richard comforted her, spoke soothingly to her, stroked
her cheek and her hair, blotted her tears and wiped her nose.
.
	Slowly, very slowly, she regained control of herself.  Richard led her
into the bedroom and unhooked her skirt and got her out of it, then removed her
blouse and bra.  He laid her face down on the bed and began applying healing
ointment to her lacerated backside.

	Linda yelped as the ointment touched her welts and tried to turn onto
her side away from Richard, but that hurt too and she turned back.  Richard
continued trying to apply the ointment, despite Linda's struggles.

	The ointment did ease the pain, but putting it on hurt and though she
tried to remain still, she couldn't.  She yelped and struggled as it was
applied.  After Richard finished with the ointment, she drifted off to sleep.

	Linda awoke and felt her way into the bathroom.  Unable to sit, she
raised the toilet seat and squatted over it.  She made her way back to bed.

	In the morning, Richard got her up and made her breakfast.  She didn't
bother to dress.  It was too painful to put clothes on the lower part of her
body and would have felt silly dressed only from the waist up.  She ate
breakfast standing.

	It had been a Friday night when she received her whipping.  Richard
stayed with her through the weekend and cared for her.  Each night he reapplied
the ointment.

	On Monday morning, Richard left for work.  Linda called in sick.  She
was still unable to sit.  It would be obvious to everyone that she was in pain
and she didn't want to have to make explanations about her condition.  She
didn't return to work until Thursday.

	Linda cried all day Monday.  It hadn't been so bad when Richard was with
her, but now that she was alone, what had been done to her began to sink in. 
How could Richard have done this?  She accepted that she should be punished for
going through his wallet, but this had been so severe, so horrible.  How could
he have hurt her so horribly if he loved her?  How could he?  She got up and
looked at her damaged backside in a mirror and the tears flowed anew.  How could
she love someone who would do this?

	Richard returned that evening.  He put her blindfold on her, returning
her to the comforting darkness.  He touched her and soothed her and applied the
ointment again.  He told her that she had been a good girl, that she had atoned
for her wrong and that now they could go forward with their relationship. 
Richard told her he loved her, that she had been brave and he was proud of her.

	Linda didn't feel brave, just the opposite.   She had begged him to
stop, begged for mercy, but her pleas had been ignored.  She had been tied down,
with no choice but to endure what was being done to her. There had been no
bravery involved, but it didn't matter.  Richard loved her.

	Linda was on an emotional seesaw.  By day she would examine her fading
welts and question her sanity in remaining in the relationship, but each night
Richard would return.  He would put her blindfold on her and return her to the
comforting darkness.  He would care for her and apply the soothing ointment.  He
would tell her he loved her.  He did not attempt either to make love to her or
to spank her.  He would fix her dinner, see to her comfort, and guide her
through the darkness.  He came faithfully every night.  He told her he loved
her.

	Linda was glad to be back at work.  She was still not completely healed,
but it didn't hurt too much to move and she could bear to sit, and it distracted
her from thinking the thoughts that came in the daytime when Richard wasn't
there.

	Richard continued his nightly visits after Linda returned to work. 
Saturday, he took her out to dinner.  He took her to the restaurant they had
visited on their second date.  She wore her blindfold in the car, but not in the
restaurant.

	As the days went by, the hurt faded and with it Linda's doubts.  Richard
now spent every night with her, which allayed her fears that he had a wife or
girlfriend at his home.  The following Friday he made love to her again.  It was
the first time he'd ever made love to her without spanking her first.  She
almost missed being spanked.  There was something about how he used to take her
to bed, sooth her sore backside and then make love to her.  She wouldn't mind,
she thought, if he would spank her the way he used to, but she was so afraid of
another whipping that she didn't want to bring up spanking to Richard.

	The horse was stored in her basement and she was terrified of it.  She
would not go into the basement and Richard had to do her laundry because the
machines were down there.  If she really needed something cleaned when Richard
was not there, she would wash it out in the kitchen sink.

	A week after he had made love to her, Richard asked her to move in with
him.  This struck Linda as a bit odd because at this point he had virtually
moved in with her.  Nonetheless, he had finally asked her to his house and she
agreed.  School would be out in three weeks and she would move in then and spend
the summer with him.

	Linda packed only personal belongings, clothes, jewelry, toiletries,
etc. and Richard moved her in one load.  She had never seen Richard's house
until she was actually moving in with him.

	Richard's house was large and it was old.  It was built in the 1880's,
which made it old for a house in the midwest.  It was constructed of brick and
there were three stories and a basement, with a turret on one corner.  It had
been fairly well maintained over the years and was updated with modern wiring,
heating and cooling.  The rooms were large with eleven foot ceilings on the
first floor and ten foot ceilings on the second and third.  The windows were
tall and narrow.

	Richard moved her things up to his bedroom.  It had a huge walk-in
closet with plenty of room for all the belongings Linda had brought.

	Once she was situated, Richard sat Linda down in a chair and put her
blindfold on her.  He pulled a chair in close, sat before her, and took her hand
in his.

	"Linda, now that you're here, I need to talk to you."

	Linda gulped and her heart started to pound.  She knew something was
coming.

	"I have a house-mate who lives here with me."

	Linda gasped.  Her fears were realized; there was someone else.  But if
there was someone else, why had she been brought here?

	"Linda, Linda, listen to me.  His name is Mr. Hunter...

	Linda sighed with relief.  The house-mate was male.  It didn't even
occur to her that Richard might be gay.  She knew her body excited him.

	"Linda, please listen.  His name is Mr. Hunter.  He lives on the third
floor.  You will encounter him on occasion and I hope you'll be polite to him. 
He is quite stern and takes offense at even the most trivial slight.  Remember
to always address him as Mr. Hunter."

	"Mr. Hunter...is he a relative, your father or brother?"

	"He is related, yes."

	"And he's the reason you didn't want to bring me here before."

	"Yes, he is."
	"Why didn't you just say so?"

	"I do not discuss Mr. Hunter outside the walls of this house."

	"Why?" Linda wanted to know.

	"It's really none of your business, but if you must know, Mr. Hunter
forbids it.  However, now that you're here, I need to make you aware of his
existence in case you encounter him."

	"Does he know I'm here?"

	"Yes, he does.  You have his permission to be here."

	Linda was having a hard time understanding just who this Mr. Hunter was,
but she got the impression that this was actually his house rather than
Richard's.  She also gathered that he was a rather crabby and secretive
individual.  In the main, Linda was so relieved she didn't care who he was. 
Screw Mr. Hunter.  In time she would meet him and learn to get along with him. 
But the main thing was there was no other woman.  She had Richard to herself and
Richard loved her.  That was all that mattered.

	There was one odd little thing.  Richard had indicated that she had met
Mr. Hunter on one occasion, but she couldn't recall having done so and he
wouldn't elaborate.  She thought that perhaps Mr. Hunter was mildly retarded and
that Richard was ashamed to have him meet people, but that wasn't consistent
with her impression that Mr. Hunter was the one in charge here.  Well, whatever,
she told herself.

	The next morning, she fixed Richard breakfast, then he went off to work,
leaving Linda alone in the house.  She had had a brief tour upon her arrival,
but she still didn't really know her way around. She spent the morning in a
thorough exploration of the first and second floors.  She did not attempt to go
to the third floor which was the domain of Mr. Hunter.  She also did not attempt
to explore the basement.  There was no interior entrance to the basement.  It
was accessible only by a stairway behind the house, the door to which was
locked.

	She saw no sign of Mr. Hunter, nor did she hear any noise from the third
floor.  Perhaps he was out.

	In the late afternoon, she began preparing supper for Richard.  She
fixed enough for three in case Mr. Hunter would be eating with them.  She asked
Richard about it when he got home and he told her that most evenings she would
be dining with himself only.  She thought his response was oddly worded, but
that was okay.  She hadn't even met Mr. Hunter and was already of the opinion
that the less she saw of him the better.

	After supper, Richard put Linda's blindfold on her and led her upstairs. 
He undressed her and stood her in the middle of the room.  Linda stood waiting
for something to happen, but nothing did.
	"Richard," Linda called.

	"Yes?"

	"Where are you?"

	"I'm here."

	"What are you doing?"

	"Looking at you."

	"Why?"

	"Because you're beautiful, and I like to look at you," Richard said, his
voice drawing nearer.  "But we need to work on your posture.  When you stand for
me, you need to stand straighter."

	"Stand for you?"

	"Yes, like you're doing now."

	"Am I going to be doing a lot of this?" Linda asked.

	"Quite likely."

	Linda stood as straight as she could and waited.  Nothing happened for a
while, then she felt Richard's hand on her.

	"Not too bad," he told her.  "We'll work on it."  He took her hand and
led her three steps in what she thought was the direction of the bed.

	"Kneel down," he told her.

	Linda dropped to her knees.

	"Now that you're here, it's time we resumed your spankings."

	"Richard, no."

	"What have I told you about saying no to me?"

	"I'm sorry, Richard, but please, I don't want to be spanked."

	"Which is precisely why you need to be.  Now please cooperate.  I
wouldn't want you to have to atone for your behavior.  As it is, I'm going to
have to report your refusal to Mr. Hunter."

	"But I'm not refusing," Linda said, alarmed.  "You can spank me if you
must."  She had no idea why Richard would have to report to Mr. Hunter about her
behavior, but she didn't like the sound of it.  "I'll do whatever you want." 

	"Good.  Stand up and remove your blindfold."

	Linda complied.  She had been kneeling in front of the trunk at the foot
of the bed.

	"Now, go over to the dresser and bring me the ruler you find in the top
drawer."

	Linda found an eighteen inch wooden ruler in the dresser.  She brought
it to Richard who then replaced her blindfold.

	"Tell me that you are ready for your spanking now."				

	"I'm ready for my spanking now."


To be continued in part 2.


Copyright 2003
by Harold

haroldx@eudoramail.com




Out of the Frying Pan
Part 2

by Harold

	Richard was sleeping soundly.  Linda lay huddled against him.  She was
awake, a little confused, but on the whole content.  The spanking had been worse
than the ones Richard used to give her, but it wasn't anything like the whipping
she had received when strapped to the horse.  If it didn't get any worse than
this, she was sure she could stand it, and it was worth it.  She was living with
Richard, and Richard loved her.

	In some ways, things were like they used to be.  After her spanking,
Richard had taken her to bed and soothed her, then made love to her very
sweetly.  Spankings or no, she had to admit to herself that she was happy.

	In the morning, Richard removed her blindfold and she fixed him
breakfast, then he went off to work.  Linda looked through the pantry and
refrigerator and decided a trip to the store was in order.

	When Linda returned from the store, she was surprised to see Richard's
car in the driveway.  She carried her groceries in and called out to Richard,
but there was no answer.  This didn't particularly disturb her.  She had already
discovered that the acoustics of the old house were decidedly odd.  In some
spots you could hear a whisper two rooms away, in others you practically had to
shout to be heard in the same room.

	Linda put away the groceries, then went upstairs to look for Richard. 
She found him emerging from the door that closed off the stairway to the third
floor.  "Richard!" she gasped.  He was wearing the khaki outfit and boots that
he had worn when he had whipped her.

	"Richard is not here," he replied in a voice pitched half an octave
below his normal tone.  "I am Mr. Hunter and you will address me as such."

	Linda was so shocked that she didn't immediately reply.

	"Well, what is it, woman?  Speak up."

	"I'm sorry, Mr. Hunter.  Where's Richard?"

	"At work, I would suppose."

	"But his car's here."

	"I am using his car today," Mr. Hunter replied.

	"Oh," said Linda.

	"Richard tells me that he is not entirely satisfied with your
deportment.  I sincerely hope you will try to do better.  The occasional faux
pas is understandable, but I must warn you, the consequences of willful
disobedience will be dire."

	"Yes, Mr. Hunter," Linda replied almost automatically.

	"I hope to have good report of you in the future," he said and he
proceeded down the stairs and left in Richard's car.

	Linda sat on the porch trying to understand what had just happened.  She
found Mr. Hunter frightening, and for good reason.  It had been he who had
administered her whipping.  That must be what Richard was referring to when he
had told her that she had encountered Mr. Hunter before.

	But who was Mr. Hunter?  He looked like Richard and had been driving
Richard's car, but he seemed to have a different voice and personality.  Was Mr.
Hunter Richard, or did Richard have an evil twin?  And whoever he was, what was
the deal with reporting her behavior?

	Richard arrived home.  Linda was fixing supper.  She told him of her
encounter with Mr. Hunter.

	"Yes, he told me.  He said you were very polite."

	"Where is he now?" Linda wanted to know.

	"I dropped him at the airport.  He'll be out of town for a couple of
days."

	"Where did he go?"

	"I wouldn't advise that you inquire too closely into the affairs of Mr.
Hunter."

	That was fine with Linda.  She would just as soon avoid him.

	After dinner, Richard led Linda to the living room.  He applied her
blindfold and had her stand in the middle of the room, much as she had stood for
him last night.  She heard him leave the room, and after a bit he returned and
removed her blindfold.

	"Not bad," Richard commented, "but not quite there.  Mr. Hunter has
requested that we work on your posture while he's gone, but before we begin your
training, I need for you to be dressed more appropriately.  I've laid some
clothes out for you upstairs.  Please go and change into them, then return
here."

	Training?  Linda didn't like the sound of that, not to mention that Mr.
Hunter was sticking his nose in again.

	The clothes Linda found laid out for her consisted of an old fashioned
looking dress with a long skirt and a tight waist and bodice and a pair of old
fashioned looking shoes which had high heels and laced up.

	After she had changed, she returned to Richard in the living room.

	"Very nice," Richard commented.  "You look most elegant."

	"Thank you, Richard."
	"Now, for tonight's lesson, you're going to learn to balance a book on
your head."

	"Why?"

	"To improve your posture."

	"I know, but why?  What's wrong with my posture?"

	"It needs improvement.  It will help you learn balance.  Now please
don't argue with me.  Here, put this book on your head," Richard said,
approaching with a book about the size of a college dictionary.

	"Well, alright..."  Richard replaced her blindfold, then placed the book
in her hands.  Linda put the book on her head, steadying it with both hands
until she had it balanced.

	"Very good," said Richard.  "Now just stand there for a bit.  You've got
to learn to keep it there standing still before you can walk."

	As Richard finished speaking, Linda shifter her weight slightly and the
book fell to the floor.

	"That's alright," Richard told her, "just put it back.  You'll get the
hang of it."

	Linda groped on the floor for the book.  Upon finding it, she
straightened and placed it on her head.

	Richard worked with her for over an hour, until she could keep the book
on her head for five minutes and more at a time.

	Linda was led back upstairs, where Richard required her to raise her
skirt above her waist and lie across his lap.  Following her spanking, he took
her to bed.

	The next morning, she fixed breakfast for Richard and herself.  Richard
told her that she was welcome to wear what she wished in the daytime, but when
he arrived home he expected her to be blindfolded and dressed as she had been
last night.

	One of the things Linda liked about being a school teacher was her
summers off.  She could have held a part time job, or traveled, or any number of
things, but what she preferred to do was mostly nothing.  She would read, putter
around the house, and tend her garden.  Her new circumstances provided ample
scope for all these things, plus the novelty of her new surroundings.  Then, of
course, there was Richard.  Things weren't perfect-there was her nightly
spanking, for instance-but Linda was happy.  She could stand the spankings, and
it was worth it if Richard loved her.  She didn't think she could stand another
whipping like she had received at the hands of Mr. Hunter, but, as Richard had
said, that incident was behind them, and besides, she supposed she had deserved
it for stealing Richard's wallet.  As it had turned out, her fears that Richard
had someone else had been unfounded.  If only she had trusted him.

	About noon, Linda went to the refrigerator.  She intended to have the
leftovers from last night for lunch, but couldn't find them.  She had placed
them on the bottom shelf, but they weren't there.  Linda was puzzled by the
missing food, but found something else to eat.

	After lunch, she went out to work in the garden.  The old house had once
had a rather elegant formal garden, but it had not been tended for years and
Linda was excited about the prospect of restoring it to its former grandeur.

	Late in the afternoon, she returned inside to get ready for Richard. 
She bathed and dressed as required, then went to wait in the front hall.  She
sat on the bench that was built into the base of the stairwell and read until
she heard his car in the drive.

	Linda stood and applied her blindfold, then, just for fun, put the book
on her head.

	Richard chuckled upon seeing her.  "Let's see you keep it there now," he
said, and pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  The book crashed to the
floor, where it was ignored by both of them.

	Linda had dinner already prepared, so Richard seated her and got the
meal onto the table.  Linda ate in her blindfold.

	When dinner was over, Richard removed her blindfold.  "Tonight you're
going to learn to walk," he announced.

	"Walk?"

	"With the book."

	"Oh."

	Linda practiced for an hour.  On her first attempt, she put the book on
her head, but after her second step it fell.  Her best effort that evening got
her about half way down the main hall.

	After her walking lesson, Linda was taken upstairs where she lifted her
skirt for her nightly paddling.

	Richard made Linda practice for an hour every night.  On her third
night, she made it all the way down the hall.  On her fourth night she could do
it routinely, but was unable to keep the book in place when she turned for the
trip back.  It took another three nights before she could make it all the way
down the hall and back again.

	During the days, Linda continued work on the garden.  She had gotten
most of the weeds out and turned the soil in preparation for the new plants she
intended to put in.

	There was little variation from day to day from late afternoon on.  She
would fix supper, dress for Richard, have dinner, practice walking, then be
taken upstairs.  She was blindfolded from before Richard's arrival to their
awakening in the morning, except when she was practicing with the book.
	Food continued to disappear.  Linda tried to keep track, but without
keeping an exact inventory, it was difficult to be certain.  Her best guess was
that it was enough for two to three meals a day-enough to feed one person.  Was
Mr. Hunter back?  She hadn't seen anything of him.  She wondered if someone else
lived there.  The house was certainly big enough, but she didn't see how it was
possible.  She had never seen the third floor, but she didn't think anyone
besides Mr. Hunter was up there.  Most of the time, she was pretty sure even he
wasn't up there.  She'd been everywhere else in the house except the basement
and had seen no evidence of anyone.  She had asked Richard about Mr. Hunter, but
Richard had told her that Mr. Hunter wasn't back yet.

	The evening on which she had successfully kept the book in place all the
way down the hall and back Richard had told her he was taking her dancing. 
Linda was elated.  She liked to dance and loved it when Richard held her in the
dark, guiding her in time to the music.

	Linda lay awake that night, reveling in her happiness.  Her bottom still
smarted from her spanking, but who cared?  Richard had removed her blindfold
temporarily and walked her past a mirror.  Her posture had indeed improved.  She
thought she looked very elegant and stately as she walked past it in her long
dress.  Richard was obviously pleased with her and she glowed in response to his
praise.

	The last five years of Linda's marriage had not been happy and her
divorce had been overdue by the time it finally came.  Linda realized it had
been over ten years since she'd actually been happy.

	At last, she drifted off to sleep.  Some indeterminate time later, she
awoke again, feeling uneasy.  The cause of her unease was obvious.  She was
alone.  Richard was not in bed with her.  He was probably in the bathroom, she
thought, but after what seemed a long time, he did not return.  She called out,
but there was no answer.

	Linda waited a while longer and called out again, but there was still no
answer.  She removed her blindfold and looked about.  There was light coming in
through the west windows from the setting moon and she could see that the
bedroom door was open.  She got up, put on a robe, and went to find Richard.

	She couldn't find him anywhere in the house.  His car was in the drive,
so Linda assumed he was on the premises.  As she stood in the kitchen pondering
what to do, she heard the back door open.  She turned to see Richard entering
carrying something.  Upon seeing her, he hastily put down his burden and strode
toward her.

	"Linda, what are you doing down here?  Where's your blindfold?"

	"I'm sorry, Richard, but I was worried.  You weren't there, and you
didn't answer when I called."

	"Come with me," he said, seizing her hand and dragging her toward the
back staircase.

	Once back in the bedroom, Linda's robe was taken from her and she was
required to stand erect and naked in her blindfold while Richard lectured her.
	"You know you're not allowed to remove your blindfold.  It seems I can't
trust you after all..."

	It went on like this for a while and Linda cried quietly as Richard
expressed his dissatisfaction with her.

	"Now, place your hands behind you and cross your wrists."

	"What are you going to do?"

	"Since it seems I can't trust you to remain in bed on your own, you're
going to have to be bound."

	"Please, Richard, don't.  I hate being tied up.  It frightens me."

	"I've told you before," Richard said coldly, "you may not say no to me. 
I will not be with a woman I can't trust and who won't obey.  Now either do as
you're told or pack your things right now."

	Linda lapsed into full fledged sobbing at these words, but did as
bidden.  Richard knotted a length of rope snugly about her wrists.

	"Now, get into bed," he commanded and pulled back the sheet.  Linda
complied and Richard seized her ankles, crossing one over the other, and bound
them tightly together.

	Linda heard Richard leave the room.  She lay bound and blind, sobbing
inconsolably.  A few hours ago, she had been so happy, and once again she'd
screwed it up.

	All that night Linda was miserable.  She had gotten little sleep.  Once
she had gotten over the shock of her encounter with Richard, the reality of
being bound had set in.  It caused a rising panic that left her short of breath
and nearly hysterical.  She struggled, attempting to free herself, but to no
avail.  Each successive failure left her even more panicked until she nearly
passed out from the consequent anxiety.  After a while, Richard had come back to
bed and had held her quivering body against his, but he refused to release her
and Linda wasn't comforted.  On the occasions when she was able to catch her
breath, she shrieked and begged for release, but Richard ignored her pleas and
she remained bound.  After a while, she fell asleep, as much from exhaustion as
anything.

	At sunrise, Richard untied her and sent her down to make breakfast.  He
came down to the kitchen a while later and they ate.  They spoke very little,
and soon Richard had left for work.

	Linda went out to work in the garden, but her heart wasn't in it.  She
got a few plants in, but spent most of the morning sitting in the swing that
hung from the large elm tree at the north edge of the lot.  She wondered why she
found being tied up such a terrifying experience, but had no answer.  She just
did.  She didn't really blame Richard for keeping her tied.  She felt she
deserved some sort of punishment for betraying his trust.

	She began wondering what he had been doing.  He had apparently been
outside.  Had he gone someplace in the car?  She didn't think so.  Where could
he have been?  The basement?  She wondered what was down there.  She thought
about investigating the basement, but it was locked.  Besides, it seemed sort of
creepy.  Her curiosity was not sufficient to overcome her aversion.  And what if
Richard caught her down there?  She was certain he would disapprove.

	Linda slowly walked back into the house, still contemplating the events
of the last twenty-four hours.  She wondered if Richard would still take her
dancing.

	Once in the house, two things caught her attention.  The first was just
a minor observation that the trash had been emptied.  It had been less than half
full last night.

	The other thing she noticed was that there were faint noises coming from
upstairs.  She went up to investigate and realized they were coming from the
third floor.  Apparently Mr. Hunter had returned.  Linda felt uncomfortable
being alone in the house with him, but she didn't encounter him.

	Linda was dressed, blindfolded, and standing in place when Richard
arrived home.  Upon entry, he took her by the hand and led her to the dining
room.  Dinner was already on the table and Richard seated her, then himself. 
Again, they didn't speak much.

	After dinner, Richard took her by the hand and led her out of the house.

	"Where are we going?" Linda asked.

	"I believe I promised to take you dancing."

	Linda's mood brightened.  Apparently last night was behind them.

	"We seem to have started something," Richard whispered into her ear as
he guided her around the dance floor.

	"What?"

	"Take a look around," he said and lifted her blindfold.

	Linda didn't see anything remarkable at first, then noticed a woman on
the far side of the floor.  She was blindfolded and being held close and led by
her partner much as Richard was doing.  She looked around a bit more and saw one
other woman in a blindfold.

	Richard replaced Linda's blindfold and she snuggled against him.  She
had never been a  trendsetter before.  It was nice to know that other women were
discovering what she found to be so pleasurable.

	After arriving home, Richard led her up to the bedroom and Linda hiked
her skirt up for her nightly spanking.  She was surprised when, after she had
been spanked and undressed, Richard had removed her blindfold.  Linda realized
that there must be something he wanted her to see.

	It took her only a moment to spot it.  A large bolt protruded from the
footboard of the bed.  Richard led her toward it and she saw that on the sheet
lay a short chain which terminated in a shackle.

	Linda's breath caught and her heart pounded.  Richard was going to chain
her to the bed.

	"Please, Richard, I won't get out of bed.  I promise.  You don't have to
do this.  Please don't."

	"Linda, how many times do I have to tell you that you may not say no to
me?"

	"I'm not saying no, Richard.  I'll let you chain me up if you really
want to, but I'm begging you not to.  Please, I'm begging.  Please don't chain
me."

	"I'm sorry, Linda, but your actions last night make it clear that I
can't trust you.  Until you regain my trust, you will be restrained.  Now get on
the bed and hold out your ankle."

	Crying, Linda did as she was told.  Richard placed the shackle around
her ankle and slowly, almost lovingly, clicked it shut.

	Linda was surprised when, after she was chained, Richard pushed her back
on the bed and pounced on her, savagely thrusting himself into her.  It was
obvious that he was turned on by her captivity.  Linda surprised herself by
responding with a fairly healthy orgasm of her own.

	If she kept the chain slack, Linda found that she could pretend that it
wasn't there and keep her panic under control, but every once in a while, she
would move her leg so that the chain on her ankle would pull taut and the panic
would return, leaving Linda light headed and gasping.

	One of these episodes awoke Richard, who, rather than pulling her to him
and comforting her as he used to, rolled her onto her back and subjected her to
an even more savage penetration than the last one.

	Linda lost it.  The orgasm, combined with the rising panic caused by the
chain tugging on her jerking ankle, produced a hysterical fit that lasted for
minutes and left her so exhausted she fell almost immediately to sleep.

	She awoke once during the night to find Richard gone.  She wondered
where he was, but even if she hadn't been chained, she would not have dared to
go look for him.

	In the morning, Richard produced a key and unlocked Linda's shackle. 
She showered, then went down to fix breakfast.

	Things were nearly back to normal.  Richard was cheerful and friendly. 
Linda thanked him for taking her dancing, and just before leaving, Richard
pulled her close and kissed her tenderly.

	Linda's primary feeling throughout the day was one of confusion.  She
loved Richard, but there were definitely some thorns on the rose.  The idea of
being chained up every night frightened her, but she was surprised by the effect
her bondage had had on Richard.  She liked it when he made love to her sweetly
and tenderly, but was startled to learn that she was turned on by being
assaulted, which was the only way to characterize what he'd done.  He had seized
her and used her with a manic energy he had never exhibited before, and it had
thrilled her.  She wondered if there was something wrong with her, to be turned
on by being used so roughly.

	Linda drove to the hardware store and bought a hundred pound sack of
concrete.  It was probably more than she was going to need, but it didn't cost
that much and she didn't want to have to go back.  While she was there, she made
an additional purchase.

	There had been a fountain at the center of the old garden, and she
wanted to patch it and make it operational again.  She mixed up about a third of
the concrete and troweled it into the cracks of the pool surrounding the
fountain.

	At lunch time, she noticed more food was missing.  She started wondering
where Richard went at night.

	After she had eaten, Linda went up to the bedroom.  She removed the
wrench she had purchased from her pocket and adjusted it to fit the nut which
secured her shackle to the bed.  She pulled hard, but it wouldn't budge.  Upon
examining the threads emerging from the end of the nut, she realized she had
been turning it the wrong way.  She pulled in the other direction, but couldn't
move it that way, either.  She put both hands on the wrench, braced her feet
against the floor, and yanked.  The bolt turned about a quarter turn, then the
wrench slipped off and Linda tumbled backwards.  After getting up, Linda tested
the nut.  She could now turn it easily with the wrench, but it was still too
tight to move by hand.

	Satisfied, Linda shoved the wrench under the mattress.  She would now be
able to free herself if the need arose.  She didn't really intend to use the
wrench, but knowing it was there would make her nightly captivity a mere
pretense, which was not nearly as frightening as the reality of being chained
and helpless.

	On her way back outside, she looked at the door to the basement.  She
noticed that the padlock was shiny, which was odd because on previous occasions
she was sure it had been rusty.  She examined it.  The lock was new.  It had
been replaced since she had last looked at the basement door.  Was Richard going
to the basement at night?  If so, she wondered what he did down there, why it
had to be done at night, and why she had to be chained up while he did it.

	In the late afternoon, she put her tools away and went in to prepare for
Richard.  She got dinner started, then showered and changed.  When Richard
arrived, dinner was on the table and Linda was blindfolded and standing in her
usual spot.  Richard kissed her warmly and they sat down to eat, Linda still
blindfolded as usual.

	After dinner, Richard had her practice walking with the book again.  She
was now learning to go up and down steps with the book on her head.  At the end
of each night's practice, Richard would remove her blindfold and have her walk
past the hall mirror.  Linda liked seeing herself glide gracefully past the big
mirror in her long dress.

	When her session balancing the book was over, Richard took her upstairs
and administered her nightly spanking.  Afterwards, he undressed her and carried
her to the bed.  Linda extended her leg and Richard locked the shackle around
her ankle.  Then he pounced on her as he had done the previous night.

	Once again, Linda lay awake, pondering her situation.  Overall, she was
content.  The wrench under the mattress did indeed make the chain bearable, and
things seemed to be back to normal, except there seemed to be a new dimension to
their sex life.

	The next day, Linda continued in the garden.  She got the hose out and
filled the shallow pool around the fountain with water, then drove to the
nursery and bought flowers to plant.  Upon her return, she unloaded her plants,
then examined the fountain.  The water was down about an inch from the level to
which she'd filled it.  Linda examined the rim of the pool and found the source
of the leak.  She disconnected the hose, put one end in the pool, and extended
the rest of it downslope, then started the siphon to drain the pool.  While the
pool was draining, she went to get the concrete.  She would mix a small amount
of concrete to patch it, then apply sealant.

	The concrete was gone.  Linda knew exactly where she had left it, and it
wasn't there.  She searched around, but failed to find it.

	There was no help for it, she would have to go and get some more.  Linda
went into the house to get her keys and purse.  The house was silent.  She
hadn't heard Mr. Hunter since yesterday.

	Linda bought a twenty five pound bag of cement, returned, and patched
the spot where the leak was.  She was sure there would be some other minor
leaks, but she would apply sealant after all the big holes were plugged.

	After lunch, Linda got her plants in the ground, then went in to prepare
for Richard.  She felt like she was living two lives, one by day and the other
by night.  In the day, her summer was being spent much as she had always spent
them, reading, gardening, and generally carefree.  By night, she was
blindfolded, spanked, chained to her bed and ravished.  Both aspects of her life
seemed to meet basic needs, and she had to admit to herself that she had never
felt so fulfilled.  She was excited about her garden-it would be gorgeous when
she was done, but by late afternoon, she was looking forward to Richard's
return, eagerly anticipating the darkness and his touch.

	Dinner followed their usual routine, after which she practiced walking
with the book.  Tonight she had made it all the way up the stairs with the book
on her head.  Richard had praised her success, but less enthusiastically than
usual.  Now she needed to learn to get back down.  Down was actually harder than
up.

	After her practice, she was led upstairs by Richard, who, instead of
preparing her for her nightly spanking, knelt her on the floor, removed her
blindfold, and sat down in a chair before her.

	Linda was worried.  Something was coming and she didn't think it would
be good.  She looked up into Richard's eyes and they looked hard.

	Richard removed her wrench from his pocket and held it before her. 
"Explain," was all he said, but he sounded both hurt and angry.

	The bottom fell out of Linda's stomach.

	"I wasn't going to use it.  It was just there for security.  You know,
in case there was a fire or something and you weren't there to free me."

	"I see.  So you don't trust me to see to your welfare in an emergency."

	"No, it's not that, it's just..."

	"And obviously I can't trust you," Richard continued.  "That's not much
of a basis for a relationship, is it."

	Linda looked at the floor.

	"Pack your things," Richard commanded.

	"Please, Richard.  Please don't send me away.  I'm sorry.  You can keep
me chained up.  Please.  I won't do it again.  Don't send me away.  Give me
another chance.  Please."

	"We've already been down that road.  Every time I give you another
chance, you use it to betray my trust yet again.  Fool me once, shame on you. 
Fool me ten times, shame on you."

	Linda was devastated.  She had done it again.  She was losing Richard,
losing her idyllic life, her garden, everything.  How could she bear to return
to the loneliness of her old life, knowing what she'd lost?

	"Please don't send me away.  Isn't there anything I can do?  Haven't I
made you happy?  Isn't there something I can do to make it right, to keep what
we have?"

	"If I let you stay, you're going to have to atone for this, and your
life is going to have to be much more structured than it has been."

	"Anything you want.  Just tell me what to do."

	"First, you're going to pay a visit to Mr. Hunter.  When he has finished
with you, I'll explain the additional strictures which will be placed upon you."

	Linda gulped.  She knew she was in for another whipping, maybe more, and
when she returned, Richard was going to keep her chained up at the very least. 
She was terrified, but she knew she was going to have to go through with it.  It
was the only way she was going to keep Richard.

	"Alright," Linda said, her voice barely audible.

	Richard told Linda to stand, then pulled her arms behind her and bound
her wrists.  Linda shivered as her wrists were tied, but her fear of what was to
come seemed to diminish the effect of being bound.  Richard led her out into the
hall and stopped in front of the door to the third floor.

	"You are to go to the top of the stairs, then wait until Mr. Hunter is
ready for you.  I expect you to submit to whatever he may require."

	Richard opened the door and Linda started up the steps.  The door closed
behind her.  Climbing the steps with her hands bound behind her, Linda felt like
a prisoner mounting the gallows.  After her previous encounter with Mr. Hunter,
Richard had told her that she had been brave, which she hadn't.  She had merely
been strapped down and helpless.  Tonight, however, she was being brave.  This
time, she had some idea what was coming and surrendering herself to Mr. Hunter
for punishment was probably the bravest thing she had ever done in her life. 
Not that she wasn't frightened; she was shivering in terror, but she told
herself that it was her terror that made her progress up the stairs an act of
courage.

	About a third of the way up, she caught her heel and fell backwards,
banging her head against the door.  She lay in a heap at the bottom of the steps
for a few moments, hoping Richard would come and help her up, but no one came. 
Finally, she managed to climb to her feet and once again began her journey to
Mr. Hunter.

	Arriving at the top of the stairs, Linda found herself in a large open
room.  There was at least one door in each wall.  Mr. Hunter was not yet in
evidence, and the room was completely bare except for two objects.  The first
was the horse upon which she had received her previous whipping, and the other
was a heavy wooden chair fitted with numerous straps and a number of wires.  It
reminded Linda of nothing so much as the electric chairs she had seen in movies.

	It was several minutes before Mr. Hunter appeared, and Linda spent the
time in self recrimination.  If only she hadn't bought that stupid wrench.  She
could have managed to withstand being chained.  It would have been such a small
price to pay for her happiness, and now she was going to have to pay a much
greater price.  She eyed the instruments that were going to be used to punish
her.  Linda sank to her knees, partly because she thought it might appease Mr.
Hunter, but mostly because her legs were too shaky to hold her up.

	When Mr. Hunter appeared, he was dressed as he had been on their two
previous encounters.  He strode over and stood before Linda, legs apart and
hands on hips.  Linda looked up at him and quickly returned her gaze to the
floor.

	"So, woman, here you are again.  A lying and faithless whore, like all
of your gender.  I warned Richard about you, but he is sentimental and gives his
heart too easily.  It's fortunate for him that he has me around.  If he's going
to keep you, I will have to exert myself to see to it that you don't betray him
again.  You were warned about willful disobedience, and I shall derive great
satisfaction in punishing you as you deserve."

	Mr. Hunter obviously didn't like Linda any more than she liked him.  Why
couldn't Richard administer her punishment?

	"Stand up," Mr. Hunter barked.  Linda complied and he untied her hands. 
"Now get undressed."

	Once undressed, Linda was led to the chair and instructed to sit.  There
were two rounded, blunt metallic spikes projecting from the seat of the chair,
one a few inches behind the other.  The front one was longer and slightly
thicker than the rear.  Linda hesitated when she saw them.

	"Get on with it, woman.  I'm sure you can figure out where those
belong."

	"Are you going to kill me?"

	"Not on this occasion.  If you were dead, how would I make you atone for
your behavior?"

	Linda worked herself onto the chair.  The spikes were rounded and
slippery so that her penetration was more humiliating than painful.  Once
seated, Mr. Hunter strapped her down.  First her wrists and ankles were strapped
to the chair, followed by her elbows, knees, thighs, and upper arms.  A broad
belt was passed around her waist and cinched tight, followed by another just
below her breasts.  Then her neck and forehead were strapped down, fixing her
head tightly to the headrest built into the back of the chair.  Lastly, she was
required to open her mouth and accept a large spongy ball which was attached to
a strap that buckled behind her neck, fixing it in place.

	Despite her rigid restraint, Linda's body quivered even more violently
than before.  She was so frightened that it was probably just as well that she
was strapped down.

	Mr. Hunter busied himself attaching wires to Linda.  She yelped as an
alligator clip was attached to each nipple.  Another was attached to her gag. 
Two more were connected to terminals on the front of the seat.  Linda was afraid
they connected to the spikes on which she was impaled.  Two electrodes were
pushed up her nose.  She had been hoping to be blindfolded, but was less
enthusiastic about the idea when Mr. Hunter approached with a leather blindfold
that consisted of a strap with a pad for each eye and from which two wires
trailed.  He positioned the pads and then pulled the strap very tight. 

	"Yes, it is tight, isn't it," said Mr. Hunter, in reaction to her intake
of breath as he pulled the strap to the last notch, "but we can't have them
popping out, can we."

	Linda feared that "them" referred to her eyes.  She sat in the darkness,
strapped to the chair, waiting.

	The electricity attacked suddenly and savagely.  It caused her muscles
to try to contract and relax in time to the frequency of the current.  It was
incredibly painful and her body chattered against the restraints as her muscles
fought violently with each other.  When finally it stopped, she was left gasping
for breath.  The frenzied activity of her muscles seemed to have vacuumed her
entire circulatory system of every last molecule of oxygen and her lungs labored
mightily to repair the lack.  Just as she began to catch her breath, it hit her
again.

	Mr. Hunter varied his points of attack.  Sometimes the current would
flow through her mouth and vagina, sometimes her breasts and anus.  It was all
bad, but her nose and vagina were the worst.
	Linda didn't know how long it went on.  The current would hit her, then
after a while, it would stop and Mr. Hunter would wait until she caught her
breath, then it would attack again from a different quarter.  Linda's entire
existence was reduced to periods of incredible pain interspersed with periods of
quiet wherein she gasped for breath and quivered in fear of the next attack.

	When at last it was over and Mr. Hunter unstrapped her body, Linda was
unable to stand.  She attempted to get up from the chair, but crumpled to the
floor.  She had not yet regained control of her muscles.

	Mr. Hunter picked her up and draped her over the horse.  Linda tried to
struggle as he strapped her down, but was too feeble to put up any effective
resistance.

	Once she was secured, Mr. Hunter addressed her.  "The problem with
electricity is that the effects fade rather too quickly, so I'm going to give
you something that will last a little longer to help you remember how to
behave."

	The lash landed and Linda screamed.  Overall, she wasn't beaten as badly
as on the first occasion, but she was given a set of welts that would be painful
for days.  Linda relaxed just a little when Mr. Hunter unbuckled the straps on
her ankles, but tensed again as he strapped her thighs to the horse just above
the knee.  He grasped her ankle, bent her knee back, and strapped her ankle to
her upper thigh, then repeated the operation on her other leg, so that her legs
were bent double with her feet upraised.

	Linda screamed again.  Mr. Hunter was whipping her upturned soles. 
Linda struggled and twisted her feet about in the straps, but it did no good. 
Her feet were savagely whipped.

	Linda had regained control of her muscles by the time Mr. Hunter had
finished with her feet, but she was unable to stand on her injured soles.

	"A few days on your hands and knees will remind you of your place.  Now
be off with you," Mr. Hunter said and strode from the room.

	Linda crawled to the stairway and started down, but changed her mind,
turned around, and crawled down the steps backwards.  At the bottom, she reached
behind herself and opened the door, then crawled out into the hall.

	She paused a moment, wondering where Richard was, then headed down the
hall toward the bedroom.  About half way there, Richard appeared, wearing only a
bathrobe.

	"Let me help you," he said, and Linda raised up on her knees and wrapped
her arms around Richard's neck.  He hooked his arms under her knees and lifted
her, carried her to the bedroom, and laid her gently on the bed.  He blotted her
tears and wiped her nose, then kissed her gently on the back of the neck.

	Linda looked at the clock.  Mr. Hunter had tortured her for nearly two
hours.  She lay listlessly on the bed as Richard locked the shackle on her
ankle, the applied ointment to her wounds.

	In the morning, Richard brought her breakfast in bed, then unlocked her
shackle and left for work.  Linda slept most of the day.  When Richard returned
home that evening, he brought dinner up to her, once again locked her chain on
her, and treated her injuries.

	Linda was miserable.  She lay in bed and cried most of the night.  She
was still in considerable pain and she was chained to her bed.  This was not the
idyll she had imagined.  She knew it was her own fault and that the pain would
fade with time, but right now she hurt.

	The next morning, Linda got up and, with Richard's help, got dressed. 
Her feet still hurt too much to walk.  She put on a pair of socks, but couldn't
bear to wear shoes yet.  Richard produced what appeared to be a large pair of
handcuffs separated by about eighteen inches of chain.  Linda shuddered as he
locked them on her ankles.

	"Richard, why..."

	"Until I know I can trust you, you're going to have to wear these."

	"And when will you know?"

	"Just be the loving and faithful woman I know you can be and don't do
anything further to betray my trust."

	"But when will that be?"

	"It will be when the time comes.  The whole point of this exercise is
trust.  You will be chained until I know I can trust you.  In the meantime, you
must trust me.  Now, lift your hair.  I have one further accessory for you to
wear."

	Puzzled, but not liking the sound of this, Linda lifted her hair off her
neck.  Richard buckled a broad leather collar snugly about her throat, affixing
a small padlock.  Linda's eyes teared up and she looked at the floor.

	After Richard left for work, Linda crawled out into the yard on her
hands and knees.  She didn't really want to leave the house in her current
condition, collared, chained and crawling, but it had been over a day since her
new plants had been watered and they needed it if they were going to thrive. 
She thought about sealing the fountain, but that was a task for when she was
back on her feet.

	Linda returned to the house.  She couldn't stand and couldn't sit, so
she ate her lunch on her knees.  Afterward, she crawled up to bed.

	Richard arrived home at the usual time.  He treated her most tenderly,
comforted her, and dressed her wounds, but did not remove her chain until he
undressed her for bed, at which point her ankle was once again locked in the
shackle.  It seemed that she was going to be locked in chains twenty-four hours
a day.

	It was another two days before Linda could walk again.  She watered her
plants in the morning and was tended by Richard at night.  In between, she
brooded.  She knew she had brought it on herself, but she didn't think she
should be tortured and kept in chains for buying a wrench.  But, as Richard had
told her, it wasn't the wrench, it was the betrayal of trust.  She understood
his point, but just the same, betrayal or not, she didn't think it was normal to
be collared and chained as she was.  She did admit to feeling the need to be
punished for what she'd done, something above and beyond her nightly spanking,
but just the same...  For that matter, she questioned whether it was normal to
be blindfolded and spanked every night, although she was forced to admit to
herself that she looked forward to returning to that state of affairs.

	The day she managed to get her shoes on and hobble down the stairs on
her own, she decided she needed an outside opinion.  It was worth all she had
been through to keep Richard, she told herself, but she still found it very
disturbing to be chained all the time.  The school had a full time counselor
with whom she was on a first name basis.  She didn't really want to discuss her
situation with someone she knew, but she could ask Ann for a referral for a
"friend".  She decided to give Ann a call.

	"Hello, this is Ann Eldridge."

	"Hi, Ann, this is (beep) Linda Taylor.  I wanted to ask you some...no,
wait, never mind."

	Linda hadn't realized at first that she'd been talking to a machine. 
She hoped Ann wouldn't call her back.

	That evening, Richard returned home to dinner on the table and Linda
standing, somewhat painfully, in the front hall.  Richard pulled her close and
kissed her.  "No blindfold?" he whispered in her ear.

	"It's dangerous with my ankles chained."

	"I suppose it is, but now you have me to guide you," he said, and pulled
the blindfold over her eyes.

	Linda sat eating supper with Richard.  She tried to relax, telling
herself that she had told Ann to never mind.  Just the same, she nearly jumped
out of her skin when the phone rang.

	"I'll get it," she screeched, standing up and immediately tripping over
her chain.  Richard, who was already up, caught her, then answered the phone. 
Linda was relieved to hear that the call was a credit card solicitation.

	"Are you expecting a call?" Richard wanted to know.

	"No, it's just that...just that I didn't want you disturbed by telephone
solicitors."

	"I see," said Richard, who didn't.

	Linda, who couldn't, was unaware of the look that Richard gave her.

	As they were finishing supper, the phone rang again.  Linda's heart sank
as she listened to Richard's end of the conversation.

	"Oh, hello, Ann.  No, she's out at the moment...Oh, I see.  No, she just
had a question about scheduling for the fall, but she got someone else to answer
it...yes it's all taken car of.  Thanks for the call...anytime.  Bye."

	"So, you called the school counselor and you didn't want me to know
about it.  Why?"

	"It's just...It's...You keep me chained up all the time and I don't
think that's normal or anything, so I wanted to get another opinion."

	"Linda, I'm the person who locked those chains on you.  If you have a
problem with that, you bring it to me.  If you think we need counseling, say so
and we'll go together."

	"I'm sorry, Richard, but it's just...I feel like a captive."

	"Linda, you know you're free to go anytime you wish.  I have, in fact,
suggested it.  You're the one who begged to stay."

	"I know I did, and I know I deserved to be punished, but it's so hard
for me, being chained all the time."

	"If you wish, I'll unlock you right now and you can go."

	"But I don't want to go.  I want to stay here with you, but not chained
up like this."

	"Linda, who locked those chains on you?"

	"You did."

	"And why did I do that?"

	"Because...because you couldn't trust me."

	"Correct.  And when will I remove them?"

	"When you can trust me again."

	"Correct.  And what have you just done?"

	"Betrayed your trust," Linda whispered, fighting back tears.

	"So who is keeping you locked in chains?"

	"I am," Linda sobbed.

	"Correct.  Now, shall I unlock you?"

	"No."

	"And how long shall you keep yourself in chains?" Richard demanded.

	"Until you can trust me."

	"Correct.  Now, about tonight's incident, I'm afraid Mr. Hunter is going
to be extremely unhappy with you."

	"Please, Richard.  Please don't send me to Mr. Hunter.  He hates me."

	"He doesn't hate you, he simply wants you to behave.  However, tonight I
think I'll punish you myself."

	"Thank you.  Oh, thank you."

	"I'm going to fit you with a pear."

	A pair of what?  Linda wondered.

	The "pair" turned out to be a small pear shaped object, hence the name. 
In reality, it more nearly resembled a light bulb in shape, but was somewhat
smaller than the average light bulb.  It had a longitudinal slit around the body
of the bulb and was hinged at the neck so that it could be opened like a
clamshell.  Upon command, Linda opened her mouth and Richard inserted the pear,
bulb end first.

	It was a bit large, but while uncomfortable it was not really painful. 
However, Richard grasped the neck of the pear and inserted an allen wrench into
the stem end.  As the wrench turned, the leaves of the pear expanded, one
forcing her tongue painfully into the bottom of her jaw and it's opposite
pushing against the roof of her mouth.  The pear now effectively prevented
speech.  There was no way it could be removed from her mouth without collapsing
the leaves, and Linda's jaw was painfully distended.

	"Don't try to talk," Richard told her as Linda made a couple of
indignant sounding noises, "you can't.  Now follow me."

	Linda was led upstairs, where she was undressed.  "It's time we resumed
your nightly spankings," she was informed.  Instead of spanking Linda across his
lap as had been usual, he required her to kneel on the floor in front of a
steamer trunk.  He pulled her arms behind her and tied her wrists, then caused
her to lean forward across the trunk.  He spanked her with a paddle that she had
never seen before.  It was intensely painful and Linda was sobbing from the
first stroke.

	After her spanking, Richard had tossed her on the bed, snapped the
shackle on her ankle, and ravished her more savagely than ever before.  Shortly
thereafter he had put on a robe and left the room.
	Linda lay in bed trying to make sense of it all.  Things were getting
worse instead of better.  Not only was her ankle chained to the bed, her hands
were tied behind her, she had this horrible thing in her mouth, Richard had
significantly increased the intensity of her nightly spanking, and she was
spending her nights alone.

	It was difficult to find a comfortable position.  Between the spanking
and having her hands tied behind her, she wasn't comfortable on her back, and if
she lay on her stomach, she couldn't find a comfortable position for her head
with that thing in her mouth.  She finally ended up on her side in an awkward
position and cried herself to sleep.  She slept fitfully and awoke often
throughout the night.  Richard did not return until the early morning.

	In the morning, Richard freed her and removed the pear.  Linda showered
and dressed, then Richard put her ankle chain and collar on her and they went
down for breakfast.

	After breakfast, Richard told Linda to hold out her hands and locked a
pair of handcuffs on her wrists.

	"Oh, Richard, don't..."

	"I told you there would be additional strictures.  Now open your mouth."

	Richard put the pear in Linda's mouth and expanded it as before.  He
left for work.

	Linda sat in the kitchen, depressed.  Bound and gagged was not how she
wanted to spend her summer.  She thought about locating a wrench and removing
the pear, but that was how she'd gotten herself in this position in the first
place.  Everything that was being done to her was a punishment for some betrayal
of trust on her part.  If she had just trusted Richard, things would be like she
wanted.  She decided to try to bear it with as good a grace as possible and hope
that Richard would come to trust her again sooner rather than later.  She went
out to water her flowers.

	A UPS truck pulled up out front.  Linda dashed into the house as fast as
her ankle chain permitted and went upstairs to hide in the bedroom.  She didn't
want anyone to see her like this.

	After she heard the truck pull away, she went to the front door and
retrieved the package.  Her flowers had arrived.

	When Linda had realized she was going to be spending her days collared
and chained, she had mail ordered the plants she wanted, since a trip to the
nursery didn't seem like a good idea.

	There was a second box on the porch.  It was addressed to Richard.  She
considered opening it, but decided against it.  She was in enough trouble
already.  She took her flowers to the back yard and began planting them.

	That night was a repeat of the previous one and the pattern for ones to
come.  Richard arrived home and removed the bonds and her pear.  She dressed for
the evening, then they had dinner.  After dinner, Richard would undress her, tie
her hands behind her, reinsert the pear, paddle her (hard), chain her to the
bed, then ravish her and depart, not to be seen again until near dawn.
	Likewise, the next morning was a repeat of the previous one.  Linda was
released from her night bonds, showered, dressed, had breakfast, and was then
put in her day bonds.  The main difference between day and night was that in the
day her hands were confined in front of her rather than behind and she wasn't
chained to anything stationary.  Linda was now reduced to two meals a day, since
she couldn't eat or drink with the pear in place and Richard only removed it in
the morning and evening.

	Linda got the rest of her plants in the ground and sealed the fountain. 
It was much more difficult in handcuffs and took nearly all day.  She was worn
out when Richard arrived.

	One of the many unsatisfactory aspects of Linda's current existence was
the absence of Richard at night.  Each night, after having sex with her, he
would disappear for the rest of the night.  She wasn't sure where he went, but
she was pretty sure he didn't go anywhere in his car.  The driveway was right
below the bedroom and she could easily hear if it was being driven.  She
occasionally heard footsteps on the third floor.  Perhaps he was going up to
visit Mr. Hunter, but on most nights it was silent upstairs.  She thought his
most likely destination was the basement.

	As the days passed and Richard showed no sign of easing the strictures
he had placed upon her, Linda became obsessed with the basement.  She had to
know what was down there.  The problem was that she was pretty sure the door was
locked for a reason.  If she went down there and Richard found out, she would
probably be paying another visit to Mr. Hunter-if she was lucky.  If she was
unlucky, she might find herself free of her bonds, but back at her own house,
alone.  Nonetheless, she wanted to know why Richard was spending his nights down
there rather than with her.

	The next morning, Linda examined the padlock that secured the heavy
wooden door.  She had noted shortly after her arrival that the lock had been
replaced, and Richard had neglected to rub off the number stamped on the bottom. 
All she would have to do would be to buy the same model lock with the same
number and she would have the key.

	The problem was how to make the purchase.  She certainly wasn't going to
the hardware store in her current condition, and with the pear in place she
couldn't order one over the phone.  The key, she decided, was to remove the pear
so she could use the phone.  She could then call the hardware store, order the
lock, and put the pear back in place.  The problem was how to get a wrench. 
Richard kept his with him.  She could get one at the hardware store, but if she
could go there, she wouldn't need the wrench, she could just buy the lock.

	It took her another day to come up with the solution.  She had tools at
her old house, left by her former husband after the divorce.  Among them she was
pretty sure was a set of allen wrenches.  She got in her car and drove there,
pursing her lips around the neck of the pear so other drivers couldn't see it. 
She gripped the steering wheel by the bottom to conceal her handcuffs.

	Once at her house, she found a wrench to fit the pear and removed it. 
She had had her phone turned off when she moved to Richard's, so she had to go
back there to order the lock.

	The third hardware store she tried had the lock she needed, but they
wouldn't deliver.  The seventh store she tried would deliver for an extra ten
dollars.  She paid by credit card and arranged for the lock to be dropped off
the next morning at her old house, then put the pear back in her mouth and
buried the wrench under one of her plants in the garden.

	That evening, Richard announced that he was pleased with her docility
and that he was removing the pear permanently.  Linda was thrilled and wrapped
her arms around him and kissed him.  That night, after ravishing her, instead of
leaving, Richard stayed with her and held her.  Things seemed to be getting back
to the way they used to be.

	The next morning, Linda went back to work in her garden.  She didn't go
to her house to pick up the lock.  She was once again optimistic about her
future and abandoned her plans to visit the basement.  Going to the basement was
exactly the kind of thing that had gotten her into this position in the first
place.

	To celebrate her freedom from the pear, she filled the fountain and put
it in operation.  The garden was coming along nicely and she couldn't wait to
show it to Richard.

	Back in the house, she paused before the hall mirror.  What she saw was
a middle aged woman, on the pretty side of average looking, wearing shorts,
T-shirt, white socks and sneakers, and a bit sweaty from working in the garden. 
She thought she looked surprisingly normal for a woman who had her wrists and
ankles chained and a collar on her throat.  It would be the handcuffs Richard
would remove next time, she told herself.

	That evening, after sex, Richard got up and put on his robe.  Linda was
intensely disappointed that she would be spending another night alone.

	"Richard, don't go.  Please, stay with me."
												
	Richard looked at her but didn't reply.

	"What's so important in the basement that I have to spend my nights
alone?" Linda asked petulantly.

	"What do you know about the basement?" Richard demanded.

	It was obvious to Linda that her supposition about the basement was
correct.  It was equally obvious that mentioning it was a big mistake. 
"Nothing, I don't know why you go there, I just wish you wouldn't.  I want you
here with me."

	"I can see I've misjudged you.  Open your mouth."

	Linda lay on the bed, sobbing.  She had done it again, and the hateful
pear was back in her mouth.

	Her setback made Linda feel she had nothing to lose.  The next morning,
she drove to her house to pick up the lock.

	Once in her own house, the change in environment provided a change in
perspective.  Looking at herself in her own mirror, gagged and in chains, she
realized how weird her life had become.  Why had she let Richard do this to her? 
She loved him, but if he really loved her, he wouldn't keep her chained up.  For
the first time since she had become aware that she was in love with Richard, she
seriously considered that she might have to leave him.  Linda went back to her
bedroom and stood before the mirror again, looking at the woman who stood there
gagged and in chains.  She made up her mind.  She was going to have to put some
space between them so that she could return to being normal.  She should stay
right here, she told herself.  She shouldn't go back at all, but she had one
more trip to make.

	Linda got in her car and headed back to Richard's.  She wanted to get
her stuff, and while she was there, she was going to find out what was in the
basement.  It would be at least five hours before Richard returned home.  Even
hobbled as she was by her chains, she could be completely cleared out by the
time he got home.

	Upon arrival at Richard's house, she decided to get her stuff out first. 
There wasn't that much of it and she had it all in the car in under an hour.  It
was time to check out the basement.

	Linda dug up her wrench and removed the pear from her mouth, then felt
like a fool because she hadn't done that first thing in the morning.  She stuck
the wrench in her pocket and tossed the pear on the front seat of her car.

	The key fitted easily and, being new, the lock on the basement door
turned smoothly.  Once inside, Linda found a light switch next to the door and
turned it on, then pushed the door closed behind her and waited while her eyes
adjusted to the dim lighting.

	The basement was mostly open space, less cluttered than the average
basement, but containing many of the usual basement items-lawnmower, snow
shovel, a broken exercise bike, and boxes of junk.  Off to her left was the
boiler pit.  The boiler had been replaced by a modern one which looked
ridiculously small sitting where the original coal fired monster had once sat. 
Beyond the boiler pit was what must have once been the coal room.  Linda
recalled that the coal chute was positioned in about that spot on the outside
wall.  The coal room was made of the same stone as the rest of the basement and
fitted with a heavy wooden door that was closed.  The door had a ten inch square
window at about eye level that was fitted with a heavy wire grill.  Beyond the
coal room was another room made of cinder block that was obviously added later
and had a door similar to the one on the coal room, but this door was open.  It
was this that drew Linda's attention.

	Rather than approaching the room directly, Linda made a circuit of the
basement out of a general sense of apprehension.  She wanted to be sure there
were no surprises that would leap out when her back was turned.

	As she approached the room, she noted that the walls weren't all that
new.  What was new was the door.  It and the masonry into which it was fitted
appeared to be very recent.  Now she knew what had happened to her concrete. 
There was a light switch next to the door and Linda turned it on.

	Inside the room were the spanking horse and the electric chair with
which she had been punished.  Other than that, the room was empty, except for
some steel rings embedded in the walls, some shoulder high, some at waist level,
and some at ankle height.  Linda noted that the door latched from the outside
and that there was no knob or latch inside. Once closed, the only means of
opening it from the inside was with a key.  Everything about the room seemed
ominous to Linda, but so far she hadn't found anything in the basement to occupy
Richard every night.

	The only place she hadn't looked was the coal room.  It was here she
found the answer.  The woman who was chained to the wall didn't react when Linda
turned the light on, but huddled fearfully into the corner when the door was
opened.


To be continued.

Copyright 2003
by Harold




Out of the Frying Pan
Part 3

by Harold

	Linda noted that the door was the same as the one on the next room in
that it couldn't be opened from the inside without a key.  She blocked the door
open with a box of junk so it couldn't close.  It wouldn't do to get trapped in
there.

	The woman on the floor had her wrists confined behind her.  Her ankles
were closely chained and she was chained to the wall by her collar.  There was a
pear in her mouth and she wore no clothing.  "Don't be afraid," she told the
woman on the floor, "I'm going to help you."  The woman relaxed somewhat at
Linda's words and Linda set about removing her pear.

	"Who are you," Linda wanted to know once the pear was out and the woman
was able to speak.

	"I'm Penelope Hunter, although Penelope Hunted might be more
appropriate.  Who are you?"

	"My name's Linda Taylor.  Are you Richard's ex-wife?"

	"Yes, I am; you must be his current prey."

	"I guess I am.  So what happened?  How did you get here?  Why is he
keeping you down here?" Linda asked.

	"It's a long story, but the immediate cause is I had an affair.  That's
why we got divorced.  Right after I sold the house, I was brought here to atone. 
I think that's what really made him mad was that I got the house."

	"If you're the one who had the affair, you must have had a pretty good
lawyer to get the house."

	"I am a lawyer.  At least, I used to be.  Now I'm just someone who
provides Richard with a female body that he can have sex with or abuse at his
whim."

	Penelope sounded cynical.  Linda wondered if it was a front that
Penelope put up to keep herself from screaming.

	Linda was alarmed by her discovery of Penelope.  Richard wasn't just
weird, he was frightening beyond anything she had imagined.  "We've got to get
out of here.  Is there any way to get you loose?"

	"Not without a key, unless you've got a hacksaw."

	"Not with me," Linda replied, "I could go get one, but I think it might
be better if I went for the police."

	"Yes, you do that.  I'll wait here."

	Linda left the coal room and headed for the door, which was as far as
she got.  The door to the cellar was the same as the interior doors.  Once
closed, it could only be opened from the inside with a key, and not the one
Linda had used to get in.

	In a panic, Linda rushed back to Penelope.  "The door's locked.  I can't
get out."

	"Join the club."

	"What am I going to do?"

	"I think you're going to move in next door.  I'm pretty sure that other
room was prepared for you."

	Linda noticed something odd about Penelope.  She had turned her head
toward Linda when Linda spoke, but she missed.  Penelope had turned her head too
far and was talking to Linda's right shoulder.

	"Penelope, you're blind!"

	"Yes, I know that."

	"Have you always been?" Linda asked.

	"Only since I've been here.  I wouldn't keep my blindfold on.  Mr.
Hunter decided to make the blindfold unnecessary."

	"He blinded you?"

	"Yes, he did."

	"Oh, no.  Oh my god.  Oh, no.  This is too scary.  This can't be real."

	"Trust me, it's real," Penelope said.

	"Is there any other way out of here?  A window, another door, or...or
something?"

	"I've never actually seen the place, but I don't think so."

	"They blinded you before they brought you down here?"

	"Yes, and by the way, it's he, not they.  He used to keep me upstairs
like you.  When I was moved down here I knew he'd gotten someone else.  When I
heard him fixing up the room next door, I knew it wouldn't be long before you
were down here.  He's probably already got your replacement picked out."

	"You said they're 'he'; so Richard and Mr. Hunter are the same person."

	"Yes.  I've never quite figured out if he's a true split personality or
if he just thinks he is, but whichever, he can only be in one place at a time. 
You'll never see them together."

	"And he comes down here every night?" Linda asked.

	"Recently, yes.  If it's Richard, he wants sex.  If it's Mr. Hunter, he
wants to hurt me.  Lately, it's been mostly Mr. Hunter, so I assume he's been
having sex with you so I get stuck with Mr. Hunter."

	"You make it sound like there have been more than just you and me,"
Linda said.

	"There have.  My affair was retaliatory.  It all started about a year
after we were married, and there have been so many.  So many nights he came home
late or not at all, and whoever she was would get Richard and it would be Mr.
Hunter who came home to me."

	"So you had an affair."

	"Yes, it was so stupid.  I didn't even like the guy all that much, but I
wanted to make Richard jealous.  I still loved him and thought that if I could
make him jealous he would want me the way he used to and lose interest in all
those other women, but it didn't work out quite that way.  If I'd had a brain
I'd have just left him, but I still wanted him.  I was so stupid."

	"What do you think we should do?"

	"You mean 'what do I think you should do'; I'm obviously going to remain
right her like I am.  Unless you can find a way out, you'll just wait here for
Richard to find you."

	"What do you think will happen?" Linda asked, trying to control her
panic.

	"To you?  I think you'll end up like me, chained in the room next door. 
I don't think he'll be pleased to find you've arrived down here ahead of
schedule.  You're probably in for a couple of intense encounters with Mr.
Hunter.  Beyond that, he'll leave us alone when he moves the new girl in and
concentrates on getting her under control.  When that situation crumbles, as it
did with you and me, he'll start to visit us again.  After that, who can say?  I
have no idea how many women he ultimately intends to keep down here, but the
capacity of this place is finite.  If he keeps it up, at some point he'll have
to start getting rid of us to make room for more."

	"Oh, god.  I don't believe this is happening to me."

	"It's about time you started." Penelope said.  "It's been happening to
you all summer."

	"I guess it has, it's just that I finally see it for what it is."

	"Do me a favor," Penelope asked.  "Put my pear back in."

	"Why would you want it back in?" Linda asked, baffled.

	"So that Mr. Hunter won't decide to render it unnecessary."

	"Oh my god," Linda screeched.

	"What?"

	"I left my pear outside.  What would he do to make it unnecessary?"

	"I don't know.  Cut your tongue out, sew your lips together, maybe
both."

	Linda sensed a certain hostility from Penelope, which she finally
identified as jealousy.  In spite of all he'd done to her, Penelope was still in
love with Richard, and she resented Linda.  Linda was one more woman with whom
Richard spent his nights, leaving her consigned to Mr. Hunter.

	Attitude notwithstanding, considering what had been done to Penelope,
Linda didn't consider her remarks all that implausible.  In a panic, she rushed
about the basement, seeking a means of escape, but was unable to find a way out. 
Finally, she collapsed in the doorway to Penelope's cell, weeping.

	"What am I going to do?" Linda wept.  "What am I going to do?"

	"You're probably exercising your best option right now," commented
Penelope.

	"What?" Linda wanted to know.

	"Crying."

	"There's got to be something.  I can't just sit her and wait for him to
come for me."

	"Why not?  That's what I'm going to do," Penelope said.

	Linda got up and looked around the basement.  She found a large scoop
shovel and placed it behind the door.  She had decided that her best option was
to hide behind the door, hit Richard with the shovel, and run out.  She didn't
have a watch, but guessed that she had two hours, probably more, to wait.

	It would probably be a good idea to get everything prepared now.  It
would be just too tragic if Richard should show up early and she wasn't in
position.  She'd also better get Penelope's pear back in place.

	"Penelope, I'm going to put your pear back."

	"I've changed my mind.  I don't want it."

	"I thought you were afraid of what he'd do to you if it was out."

	"It will be pretty obvious I didn't take it out."

	"Please, Penelope, open your mouth."

	"No way," Penelope said through clenched teeth.

	Linda couldn't bring herself to force the pear into Penelope, and wasn't
entirely sure she could even if she was willing.  "Okay.  Let me know if you
change your mind."

	"So what are you going to do?" Penelope wanted to know.

	"I'm going to wait.  What choice do I have?"  Linda wasn't sure she
trusted Penelope, so she wasn't going to divulge her plan.  She picked up the
shovel and took up her station behind the door.

	Linda attempted to make small talk with Penelope as she waited, but
Penelope might as well have had her pear back in place.  She had ceased talking.
Linda sat nervously, waiting.

	At last, she heard the latch click and the heavy door swung inward.

	"Look out!  She's behind the door!" Penelope yelled.

	Richard leapt sideways and the shovel glanced off his shoulder.  The
blow was still heavy enough to cause him to fall forward and Linda shambled out
the door, closing it behind her.

	Linda half stumbled, half crawled up the steps that led up from the
basement door and headed for her car, trying to extract her keys from her
pocket, which was awkward in the handcuffs.

	She heard the basement door unlock as she reached the car.  She yanked
the door handle, but the car door was locked.  She was certain she had not
locked it.  Her heart pounded and her hands shook as she fumbled the door key
into the lock.  She had just gotten it open when Richard's hand encircled her
neck and she was jerked backwards off her feet to land on her butt ten feet
away.  Richard walked to where she lay sprawled on the grass and stood over her,
glaring, but also looking somehow disappointed.

	"Every time I give you a chance, every time, you betray me.  You'll not
be given another such opportunity.  On your feet."  Richard grabbed a handful of
hair and yanked.  Linda scrambled to her feet.

	"Now, back to the basement," he commanded.

	Sobbing, Linda trudged back to the basement followed closely by Richard. 
Once in the basement, Richard opened a drawer and removed a pear.  This one had
a thicker neck than her previous one and Richard affixed the neck to a heavy
post which supported the beam that ran down the center of the basement,
supporting the house above.

	"Open," Richard commanded.

	Linda opened her mouth and Richard guided her onto the pear, then
twisted a ring about the neck which caused it to expand, leaving Linda attached
to the post by her mouth.  He unlocked her handcuffs, pulled her hands behind
her, and relatched the handcuffs.  Without further comment, he departed.

	The pear was located a couple of inches below the normal height of
Linda's mouth, causing her to have to lean forward.  To a casual observer, she
would appear to be standing about a foot and a half from the post with her hands
clasped behind her, leaning forward and kissing it.

	Linda wasn't blindfolded, but she might as well have been.  Her only
view was the blur of the post before her eyes.  She didn't know how long she
stood like this, but uncomfortable as it was, the longer the better.  She was
sure that whatever was coming next would be worse.

	Tears dripped from her chin to the floor and ran down her neck.  She had
done more crying since she had met Richard than in the entire previous 10 years
combined.  And, she feared, she was going to be setting new records in the near
future.

	After an unknown period of time, the door opened.  Linda was unable to
turn her head, but heard footsteps going into Penelope's coal bin.

	"So...,"said a voice.  It was Mr. Hunter's voice.

	"I warned him.  He told you, didn't he?  Didn't he tell you I warned
him?" Penelope screeched.  She had sounded somewhat self assured and sarcastic
when talking to Linda, but when talking to Mr. Hunter, there was no trace of
either trait, only fear.  She may have known that Mr. Hunter was Richard, but
she was obviously unwilling to challenge the fiction to their face.

	"Open," Mr. Hunter commanded.

	"Urgh," said Penelope.  It sounded as if Penelope's pear had been
reinstalled.

	"As for you," Mr. Hunter said, approaching Linda, "it's about time you
were down here where you belong.  I'm glad to see Richard has finally seen you
for what you are.  Now, you have much to atone for.  Where shall we begin?"

	Mr. Hunter tortured Linda all night, and for the next two nights as
well.  Mostly he used the chair and the whip, but found other ways to hurt her
as well.  Linda was in such terror of his nightly arrival that the mere opening
of the door caused her to soil herself.  Mr. Hunter would take her out of her
room, hose her down, then proceed with her nightly penance, after which she
would be returned to her room (which had not been hosed down) and chained like
Penelope.  It made Linda's skin crawl to be chained in the now damp corner of
her cell.

	On the fourth night, the basement door opened again, and again Linda was
no longer the master of her bladder.  On this occasion, however, she heard
Penelope's door open.  Penelope was led from her cell and soon the basement was
filled with her shrieks.  She wished she could cover her ears.

	The next night it was again Penelope's turn.  After that, the nightly
torment ceased.  Mr. Hunter would bring them food every night and unchain their
hands and remove their pears and wait while they ate, but would then depart
after replacing their pears and wrist chains.

	Linda's brief conversation with Penelope made it clear what was going
on.  Richard had a new woman and was devoting his time to her.  For days, this
was the pattern and Linda was nothing more than a thing that lived in the
basement.  She was chained in her corner twenty-four hours a day except when she
was being fed.

	After a time, Mr. Hunter began once again making nightly visits.  He
seemed to divide his time equally between Linda and Penelope, alternating
nights.  One night, it was Richard rather than Mr. Hunter who visited Linda.  He
held her to him and spoke softly and soothingly.

	"My poor Linda.  If only I could trust you, you wouldn't have to remain
down here.  It's so sad.  I had such hopes for you, that you would be the one,
and you were coming along so nicely, learning to move with such elegance.  You
would have been the one to do it.  More than any of the others I had hopes for
you.  If only I could trust you, but we both know that I can't.  Tomorrow Mr.
Hunter will make an alteration.  I'm sorry."

	Linda tried to speak, nodding her head and twisting her hands in a
desperate attempt to communicate, but she could not get Richard to remove her
pear.  He held her for a while longer and she put her head on his shoulder and
cried.  After a while, he kissed her gently and departed.

	The visit from Richard was both revealing and troubling.  It was
revealing in that it shed some light on her situation in general and her posture
lessons in particular.  She had always wondered what the point of them was, but
the best explanation she could get was that her posture was unsatisfactory. 
Unsatisfactory for what?  She was never told.  Apparently Richard had been
preparing her to fulfill some purpose or mission.  She wondered what it could
be.  What talents did she have that would be useful?  It was hard to say without
knowing what the purpose was.  She was a school teacher.  She didn't seem the
type to be sent on some sort of mission, but as she thought about it, a pattern
began to emerge.  Richard had been training her (and he had referred to it as
training) to improve her posture, to present herself well.  She put this fact
together with a few others.  As a school teacher, her grammar and diction were
excellent.  Like all teachers, she was a practiced public speaker.  Anyone who
could command the attention of a bunch of fourth graders every day would do well
in front of just about any audience.  What about the spankings?  Had they been
part of her training?  What would a nightly spanking train her for?  Endurance? 
Submission?

	Then there was Penelope.  Penelope was a lawyer.  Many of the same
skills were involved.  She would need to have good grammar and diction and she
would be an accomplished public speaker.  What had Richard been preparing her
for?  Had she received a nightly spanking before being consigned to the
basement?

	She would be curious to know what the new girl (she was sure there was a
new girl now) did.  Teacher, lawyer, diplomat, salesperson?  Was she now chained
to the bed when Richard/Mr. Hunter made his nightly trips to the basement?

	The thing that had been disturbing about Richard's visit was that he
seemed to be apologizing in advance for something that Mr. Hunter was going to
do to her.  What sort of "alteration" was he going to make?  Was she still being
prepared for whatever it was?

	The next night Linda shrunk into the corner of her cell when she heard
the basement door.  She hoped he would visit Penelope, but it was her door that
was opened.  Her ankles were unchained and she was led forth from her cell to
stand on the drain.  She shivered as the cold water was sprayed over her.  As
often happened, her blindfold became soaked and slipped down her face.  She saw
Mr. Hunter putting the hose away.  She had had no doubt that it would be him
rather than Richard.  Beyond him, she saw a heavy table with various straps
attached.  Linda shivered again, this time in fright, wondering what was going
to be done to her once she was strapped down.

	Mr. Hunter removed the soggy blindfold from around her neck and began
buckling a new one over her face.  Her new blindfold was made of rubber and
wasn't a blindfold but a mask.  It was like the oval Halloween masks that
concealed only the upper half of the face.  Ridges were built up around the eye
holes and they pressed painfully into Linda's eyeballs as the mask was
tightened.  The result was that her eyelids were trapped behind the ridges and
she was unable to close her eyes.  Apparently Mr. Hunter was going to force her
to watch something that, given a choice, she would rather close her eyes to.

  	Linda was led to the table.  Mr. Hunter lifted her onto it so that she
was sitting in the middle with her legs extended toward one end.  Since she
wasn't blindfolded, Linda thought about struggling or trying to flee, but there
was no point.  The door was locked and she was no match for Mr. Hunter even if
her hands weren't chained behind her.  Mr. Hunter strapped her ankles to the
table, then unchained her wrists and caused her to lie back.  He pulled her arms
above her head and strapped her wrists down, then proceeded to buckle straps
around her arms, legs, and torso so that she was completely immobile.  He
fastened a cage-like device over her face.  It had a wide slit across her eyes
and was fastened down all around so that her head was even more closely held
than the rest of her body.

	Mr. Hunter gathered some vials, a couple of small bottles, and some
hypodermic needles and set them on a shelf by Linda's head on the opposite side
of the table from himself.  Linda was afraid she now knew what he was going to
do to her.

	"This sort of thing used to be done with red hot irons," Mr. Hunter
informed her, "but that's rather messy and can be fatal if not done carefully,
although nothing we do today can quite match it for sheer horror.  We can now
achieve the same end with a simple topical application and no pain whatever." 
He picked up a syringe and began filling it from a sealed vial.   "I find that
approach to be far from satisfactory, however.  A proper punishment should be
painful, so we have refined our methods to reintroduce at least some of the pain
and horror of the old ways."

	Linda was frantic.  She struggled against her bonds but was unable to do
anything but clench her fingers and toes.  She tried to beg, but all that came
out through the ever present pear was, "unhhh, uhhh, uhhh."

	Mr. Hunter opened a small brown bottle and dipped a cotton swab in it. 
Linda tried to close her eyes but couldn't as the swab approached.  Mr. Hunter
swabbed the liquid into Linda's left eye.  It burned like nothing she had ever
experienced.  It was if he had spread a flammable liquid across her eye and set
it alight.  Linda tried to scream, but was only able to go, "unhh, uhhh, uhhh,"
at higher pitch and volume.

	Linda was no longer able to focus the treated eye, but her good eye saw
the approach of the syringe.  Again she tried to struggle, beg, scream, but was
unable.  The needle slid smoothly into her eye and the pain caused by the swab
faded into insignificance.  Mr. Hunter pressed gently on the plunger, metering
the liquid ever so slowly into Linda's eye.  If she had been able, Linda would
have begged him to kill her.  If she had been able, she would have killed
herself.  The pain reached its peak as the syringe went empty and Mr. Hunter
withdrew it.  At long last, her brain had had enough and shut down.

	When Linda regained consciousness, she was still strapped to the table. 
The pain was much like it had been and she drifted in and out of consciousness. 
It was as if her brain would bring her around every once in a while to see if it
was safe, realize the pain was still unbearable, and blank out again.

	Over a period of time that may or may not have been hours, the pain
diminished to the point where Linda was able to retain consciousness.  This was
not necessarily a good thing, but strapped down as she was, Linda had no option
but to lie there in anguish.  She hoped she had somehow managed to close her
eye.  She could see nothing on that side.

	After yet another period of time, the pain had diminished still further
until it was down to a level Linda thought was about equal to being whipped on
the horse.  Mr. Hunter entered her field of vision and swabbed her other eye,
and it was now aflame with pain.

	This time, when Mr. Hunter approached with the needle, Linda didn't
wait.  She knew what was coming and passed out immediately.

	When she awakened, she was relieved to find that it wasn't as bad as the
last one.  Her eye burned nearly intolerably, but only nearly, and although the
image was blurred, she could see through it.  It was then that she realized the
truth.  He hadn't done it yet.

	Linda felt a prick in her right arm and saw, blurrily, Mr. Hunter
withdrawing a somewhat smaller needle from her arm.

	"A stimulant," Linda was informed.  "This time you will not be permitted
to flee from consciousness."

	Screaming helped.  It didn't matter that the sound was diminished and
distorted by the presence of the pear.  It was the act of screaming that seemed
to help.  Besides there was nothing else she could do.  Strapped down as she
was, unable to move, unable to flee from awareness, screaming was all there
was-screaming and the pain.  Both eyes were dark now.  Linda was blind.  Another
reason for screaming.  Her throat was raw, but she kept screaming.  She had to
scream.  Without sight, the sound offered some sort of security-and, of course,
there was the pain.

	By the next feeding time, the pain had diminished to the level of a
really bad headache.  By the feeding after that, it was nearly gone and Linda
began to consider her situation.  She was pretty sure she had been rendered
useless for whatever project Richard had in mind.  So what was to become of her? 
Would she live out her days chained in this basement, awaiting the occasional
visit from Mr. Hunter?  She wondered how her garden was doing.  Was the new girl
tending it?  She hoped so, but it didn't really matter.  Even if she was freed,
she would never see it.

	On each of the next several nights, it was to Penelope that Mr. Hunter
paid his visit.

	Mr. Hunter usually fed Penelope first, then Linda, but on this night he
fed Linda first.  After she had eaten, she heard Mr. Hunter enter Penelope's
cell and lead her away.  The following feeding period, she heard Mr. Hunter
return her to her cell.  After chaining Penelope in her cell, Mr. Hunter turned
his attention to Linda.  Tonight she was strapped to the chair and subjected to
a session that left her weak and shaking for hours.  She wondered if she had
suffered nerve damage.

	The following night, Mr. Hunter turned his attention back to Penelope. 
She, too, suffered an extended session in the chair, except that the voice was
not that of Penelope.  Linda knew the sounds Penelope made when she was being
tortured, and this wasn't her.  This must be the woman who had supplanted Linda. 
So where was Penelope?  Had she been freed?

	Shortly thereafter, Mr. Hunter showed up only to feed Linda and the
newcomer, then departed.  Linda assumed that there must be yet another new woman
upstairs.  How long before she was brought to the basement and given into the
care of Mr. Hunter?

	Linda had no idea how long she had been in the basement.  She guessed it
must nearly be time for school to start.  Would they miss her?  Would anyone
look for her?  Who would teach her fourth graders?  The days passed and her
questions went unanswered.

	Mr. Hunter was again making nightly visits to the basement.  Horrible as
his visits were, they provided a relief from the loneliness, the depression.  It
made her feel horribly guilty, but on the nights when it was the other woman's
turn to be entertained by Mr. Hunter, she took some satisfaction in listening to
the screams of the woman who had been her replacement.  She understood how
Penelope had felt.  She wondered where Penelope was.  Would she be freed as
well?

	The night arrived when Richard visited Linda again.  He held her and
comforted her as he used to do.  He told her that her time in the basement was
coming to an end, that she would depart.  Linda wondered if he meant she was to
be taken back upstairs.  She felt she had learned her lesson.  He could trust
her now.  She wanted to tell him so, but he did not remove her pear.  He told
her that tomorrow she would lie in her garden and help her flowers to grow.

	Linda was content for the first time since she had been in the basement. 
It would be good to get back to her garden.  She had thought about it often as
she had sat chained in the dark.  The annuals might still be in bloom.  Even if
she couldn't see them, she would be able to smell them and touch them.  It would
be nice just to feel the breeze.

	When next the door opened, Linda recognized the voice of Richard.

	"I told Mr. Hunter that I would attend to your departure."

	He unchained Linda's ankles and led her to the drain, removed the chains
from her wrists, then tied her hands behind her with a length of rope.  She was
washed with the hose in the usual manner, except this time she was dried with a
towel.  Richard wrapped it around her body, then ran his hands over her to make
the towel absorb the water.  When she was dry, Richard picked her up and carried
her up the steps from the basement.

	Linda wondered when he would untie her wrists and remove the pear.  She
wanted to thank him for letting her out and tell him that he could trust her
now.

	Richard put Linda down.  She knew where she was.  She was sitting on the
bench that was at the west edge of the garden, facing east.  She could tell from
the sounds of the insects and the feel of the air that it was night out.  She
could hear her fountain splashing at the center of the garden.  She was pleased
to know that it was still in operation.  Linda wanted to sit there and wait for
sunrise to feel the sun on her skin.  She knew she must be pretty white from all
the time spent in the basement.  She couldn't spend long in the sun without
burning, but it would be so nice to feel the sun come up.

	Linda's reverie was interrupted by Richard tying her ankles tightly
together.  She wondered why he was doing that, but was unable to ask.  When he
finished, he removed her pear.

	"Oh, thank you," Linda croaked, her vocal equipment being rather rusty. 
"I can't tell you how much I hate that thing."

	"Henceforth, we have no need of it."

	"How wonderful.  Will you untie me?"

	"Not for a while yet."

	Linda was disappointed.  She wanted to object, but refrained.  If she
wanted Richard to trust her, she would have to trust him.

	"How is the garden doing?" Linda wanted to know.

	"It's doing fine, but this is not the time for conversation.  Open your
mouth."

	Linda complied and a spongy rubber ball was pushed into her mouth. 
Tears ran down her cheeks.  Had she done it again?  Was she being gagged for
speaking out of turn?  She couldn't believe it.  The pear hadn't been out of her
mouth two minutes and she'd gotten herself gagged again.

	At least the ball in her mouth was not as uncomfortable as the pear.  It
reminded her of the one Mr. Hunter used on her when he put her in the chair,
except the surface was coarser and it was more compressible.  It felt like a
real sponge.  Apparently there was a flexible plastic tube attached to it.  She
could feel it dangling down her chest between her breasts.

	"Yes," Richard said, noting her awareness of the tube, "I've arranged
that your departure will be somewhat delayed."

	Linda wondered what he meant by this.

	Linda felt herself being picked up.  Richard carried her a few steps
away from the bench and set her on her feet.  He kept a hand on her shoulder to
help her maintain her balance with her ankles bound.  Then she was picked up
again.  This time Richard had grasped her by the upper arms and lifted her off
her feet.  He took two steps forward and lowered her again.  The ground was not
where it was supposed to be.  He continued lowering her until finally her feet
did make contact with the ground, resting in fresh earth.

	Linda was pretty sure she was standing in a hole, chest high or deeper.

	"Linda, I want you to sit down with your legs straight out in front of
you," Richard instructed.  Reluctantly, Linda complied.  She squatted, then sat,
then straightened her legs.  Her feet made contact with the end of the hole and
her elbows brushed the sides.  Apparently the hole was long and narrow.

	"Very good.  Now lie back."

	Linda leaned back until she was lying on her back.  She was frightened. 
There was only one reason that she could think of that she would be lying bound
in a hole in the ground, but if she wanted Richard to trust her, she was going
to have to trust him.

	The wheelbarrow load of dirt landed with a whump across Linda's knees. 
Alarmed, Linda tried to sit up just as a second load landed on her chest,
forcing her back down.  A third load followed, and Linda was pinned down, unable
to move.

	After that, the dirt came in smaller quantities, apparently being
shoveled in after the wheel barrows had been emptied.  She closed her eyelids
reflexively as the dirt filled in around her face.  There was no need, of
course.  There was no longer anything for her eyelids to protect.  The dirt
filled in around her and covered her so that she was unable to even wriggle her
fingers.  She found that she was able to breath through her mouth, apparently
due to the tube that was attached to her gag, but breathing became more
difficult as more dirt was added and the weight pressed in on her chest.

	Linda lay in the ground, bewildered and mercifully unable to appreciate
the true horror of her predicament.  She was sure her condition was only
temporary.  After all, Richard had provided her with air.  She lay immobile. 
Her breathing became more shallow as the dirt settled, pressing ever harder on
her chest.  He was going to have to free her soon.  Linda wondered why Richard
had put her here.  Did this have something to do with her delay in departure
that he'd spoken of?  He was going to have to free her soon.  It was getting
still harder to breathe.  He was going to have to free her soon.  He had
promised her she could help her flowers grow.

	The following spring Linda's flowers bloomed most beautifully.


Copyright 2003
by Harold




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harold


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





