BDSM Library - A Difficult Woman




A Difficult Woman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A dominant man talks about his submissive, and about the value of strength and experience.
A Difficult Woman

People said she was 'a difficult woman'.  I don't know.  I never found her to be
so.  Unusual, yes. And she could be neurotic at times- most smart women are. She
could even be self-centered. All of those things are different from being
'difficult'.

I think women found her difficult because she was comfortable in her skin more
often than not.  Men found her difficult for another reason- she was smart, knew
it, and didn't try to hide it.  There were many things she tried to hide from
the world, and she often succeeded, but that was about survival.  She never hid
from me.

We met after a month of talking and exchanging emails.  She was a prolific and
inventive writer, and had a wide-ranging mind. We talked on the phone almost
every day, sometimes several times a day, and I never felt bored.  We talked
about everything from the weather to popular film; it was obvious that she was a
prodigy, one of those people who find it hard to be in a room with other people
because there isn't enough to interest them.  She told me that she spent a lot
of time alone.  There had been boyfriends, but none of them had really
understood what she needed, and they usually left her because of it. Even the
more twisted ones- I think she frightened them even more than she did the normal
guys, who could not fully grasp her needs.  Frankly, I found her needs very
simple.  She wanted to fully belong to a Master- a real one.  She wanted to be
kept by his side, and sleep in his bed.  She wanted to be owned fully and
completely, with only the rights he wanted to give her.  It didn't really matter
to her if other people knew. She no longer cared. As she put it, this was more
than something she wanted- it was something she needed.  It was who she was.

There were quite a few men who thought they were up for it.  They would pull out
their bag of tricks, and some of them temporarily dazzled her. They always ran
out of tricks, though, and then they didn't know what to do with her, or how to
sustain her interest. The more foolish ones would see the word 'sadist' in one
of her ads and assume she wanted to be kicked, beaten, molested, or otherwise
abused. A few were even stupid enough to try to touch her on a first date while
telling her that they would own her.  They had no idea how lucky they were to
get away from her. As far as I know, she always told the truth- as far as she
could.  She always told them that she wasn't the usual submissive. Most of them
didn't listen.

I did. I found her fascinating.  She'd led a reasonably full life, but thought
that it wasn't exciting.  I rather liked that. I also liked her self assurance
and even her occasional cockiness.  She probably would have made a good fighter
pilot.  She seemed to be a warrior by nature; she was very aggressive, but not
in an annoying way.  And her mind- her mind was as lush and beautiful as her
body.

It took several weeks before she told me what she liked.  She was a bondage fan
who needed psychological play.  In every conversation she revealed more of
herself to me, with hardly any prompting.  I wondered if it was my gentle warm
manner, or a compulsive need on her part.  Only later did I find out that her
openness was another lure that she used to get what she needed- until she didn't
need to use it anymore. And as she drew me closer, I told her some of my
fantasies.  She expanded on them and embellished them, like a erotic Scherezade.
Her voice pulled me closer to her.  I found myself telling her my own secrets,
while holding back key parts of myself, which she seemed to understand and
intuitively accept. Over time, I began to seduce her with stories also- stories
of what I wanted to do to her.

One night I told her about wanting to tie her up and make her beg.  My voice
shifted as I purringly caressed the insides of her brain.  I told her how I
would cut away her clothes, trace her entire body with a blade sharp enough to
shave hair, and fuck her with the blade. How I would not cut her, but she would
accept my power over her- ion fact, she would give me that power. How I would
enter her fore and aft with my fingers, and spread her open until it hurt. How
the ropes would bite into her flesh as she attempted to struggle and found that
she couldn't move a centimeter. And eventually, how I would force her open with
my cock, and she would come because that was what she was made to do.

I heard her panting on the other end of the phone.  Then I heard a mewling
sound, like a tigress calling to be mounted. 'Come', I said. 'Now'.

The sounds grew louder as a I kept talking about using her, opening her, taking
her.  How she would not be able to stop me. How I would enjoy coming all over
her and rubbing my fluid into her skin.  I heard her beg, scream, come, and I
ordered her to do it again.  And again.  And again.  And I told her that I would
make her into my personal slut, and no other man would ever be able to have her. 
I made her come over and over.  I kept it up for close to an hour, and came
twice myself. I could hear her shake, even over the phone.  I heard her cry out,
'Master'. She began to plead as I told her how I would display her in front of
other men and masturbate her with my hands, how I would eventually torture her
nipples with long needles, how I would make her mine, and how I was not afraid
to hurt her. I told her that she would not even be allowed to beg- I would gag
her. I told her that I would enjoy being cruel.

I called her every night and heard her voice catch when I said her name. And bit
by bit, I trained her a little more each night. I trained her to respond to the
tones of my voice, and to accept that I understood what she was going to become. 
She fought me in her own way by telling me how she was seeing other men, but she
also made it clear that they meant nothing. One even she told me that she wanted
me to punish her for allowing other men to come near her.  She wanted me to
'discipline' her. Severely.  She wanted me to come to her and give her what she
deserved.  And that's when she told me the truth.

It started as a question. She asked me how long I had been aware of being a
predator.  Without missing a beat, I told her that I'd always known it. 
Quietly, she admiteed that she'd always been one too.  That was the problem. 
She was an alpha female in a world where most people think being an alpha is
about showing aggression.  While she was aggression, she was in fact very
controlling- it was her nature.  What she needed was someone who was more in
control than she was- she needed an owner.

As she said this I felt the blood sing in my veins.  This woman chewed up most
top men like a puppy chews toys.  A few realized what she was and in running
away from her, they hurt her in passing.  They had all dreamed of the submissive
who would truly give her all- but they had never thought how such a person would
have to come from a place of incredible strength and self-knowledge- qualities
that most of them lacked.  They could see her only vaguely, but to most of them
she didn't even look like a submissive. And so, to keep from being bored, she
toyed with them until she grew bored or they turned away.

We talked half the night, and every night after that. Her stories became more
detailed.  Most of them involved postures and situations that the average
'slave' would find humiliating. She made it clear that she wanted to give me
these things, if I wanted to take them.  If I was strong enough to take them. 
If I could bend her- not with equipment, but with my mind- she would give me
herself.

I've never understood why people found her difficult.  Later, when I met some of
her friends, they were horrified to find out what she had begged me to do to
her. She thought that was odd. She still does, when she bothers to think of that
part of her past.  Most of the time now, she's too busy planning our home, or
what meals will please me, or being used as a footstool to be bothering herself
with such things.  Very few people come to visit us.  She seems to prefer it
that way.  Trying to explain the multiple piercings, the elaborate tattoos, the
welts, and her complete and total submission to my will except when I encourage
her to think for the pleasure of both of us seems to be hard for her to do- or
maybe she just has no interest.  I know I don't.  I'm just sorry it took me so
long to find her, especially since I don't find her difficult to deal with at
all. In fact, I find her to be an utter delight.




Part 2 Ownership

I know it might sound odd that I enjoy being owned, but that's how it is.  I
don't think of myself as a standard issue SM slave- I don't walk around in
trashy outfits, juggling my mounds of fat in an overstuffed dress- but I suppose
you could call me that.  I prefer to think of myself as a concubine, a
well-trained pleasure model, if you will.  Also, highly entertaining and
intellectual.  The body is not the only thing that must be amused, and my owner
appreciates all parts of me. Still, I suppose we are talking about the physical
here, so let's get on with it.

We can start with the piercings.  When I started I had six.  Two in each ear,
and two inner labial piercings.  My Sir didn't think that those were enough, but
he admires the idea of the discreet and private.  He likes to know that only he
and a few of his friends know exactly how submissive I am, and that I am his
most precious piece of property. Therefore, the rest of my piercings are hidden. 
The first ones were in the outer labia.  There are two in each one now.  My
outer labia are small and thick compared to the orchidlike frill of my inner
vaginal lips. He placed the rings so that I could be laced closed when he's not
using me, or even locked together completely.  He especially likes to do that
when we travel, so that he can watch me calmly explain that I can't remove the
lock on my genitals, because I don't have the key. Sometimes he offers to unlock
it for the security people; the male ones always get a kick out of it. The
females are usually horrified, particularly if they are women of color like
myself. Still, I fell in love with my Owner not because he's white, but because
it just happened that way, and I've gotten used to the embarrassment. I do like
how I look with three small locks, the rings and flesh of the inner labia just
peeking out from in between like a flower about to bloom.  He likes it too,
which is why I shave every day. I think the lips are even longer now than when
we started; he likes to play with them and pull them and hang weights from them.

I have an anal ring.  I wanted this one- I showed him a website with
instructions, and he thought it was delightful.  The ring doesn't really go
through the anus, but through the skin behind it.  I also have a flat piercing
right above my mound; he sometimes uses it to attach me to the bed with a chain.
Sometimes he just caresses it while saying, 'mine'.  I like that a lot.

There's one more ring through my belly button, but that's just to look nice. 
The only reason my nipples aren't pierced is because he likes playing with them
so much.  He twists them with his fingers, clamps them, hangs weights from them,
sticks needles through them.  He sucks and bites them.  Sometimes he smacks them
with a riding crop, but not too hard- just enough so that I don't forget he owns
me. Lately he's been moving on to small barbless fish hooks and larger gauge
spinal tap needles.  At first I was terrifies of being poked, but he was gentle
until he built up my trust. Now it doesn't matter.  I know that he has no desire
to permanently damage me.

He does other things too.  He found out early in the game that I would get
excited when he put his hand over my nose and mouth. He especially enjoyed doing
it during our mutual orgasm. Now he's become quite an aficionado of breath play-
everything from rubber hoods with tubes to tying me up until I'm immobile and
gently holding my head underwater in the bathtub for a few seconds at a time.
Sometimes he does it the old-fashioned way- he just forces his manhood down my
throat until I start to gag, and keeps it there until he's taken his pleasure.

He also enjoys the usual things- signal-whipping me, caning me until I have
lovely welts, spanking me. He likes fondling me while he's on the phone, while I
try to remain silent. He likes tying me up in esoteric positions so that I look
like a sculpture, and then sitting there enjoying my beauty. And of course, he
absolutely loves penetrating me with his fingers and with dildoes, or with
himself, while I'm bound in some very painful way and can barely move.

I have some favorite things too.  I love being allowed to lick him all over,
particularly after a bath. I love worshipping his manhood.  I love taking care
of his hands, having him cut off my clothes, try to raise my pain levels. I also
love the fiendish way he seems to get inside my head, and the way his soft voice
mesmerizes me.

I really do have a full life.  We go to movies and dinner, we take trips, we go
food shopping.  We love cultural events.  He sends me to the gym so that my body
will be perfect and supple, and he insists on my wearing corsets when I'm not
asleep, at work or wearing whatever other lingerie he desires.  He picks out all
my clothes- I like it that way. For my part I keep him entertained and amused- I
read to him, bathe him, sing to him, and keep my mind as fit as my body.

Do we love each other? Yes.  Does he enjoy owning me? Yes.  Sometimes he makes
me show my piercings to others, or he allows them to see just how obedient I am. 
I feel happy like this.  It's what I want.  It's like being in a convent, only
with sex. I can't think of a better life- to live for the pleasure of someone
else.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gothgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





