BDSM Library - No Mercy




No Mercy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her plea of mercy made her mistress angry. This time, there was no mercy.
NO MERCY!
By
ANNE GRAY

I knew what she was trying to shout, scream, plead and yell at me; it was her
safe word - Mercy!  But I had had enough of her nonsense and had her so well
gagged nothing came out except muffled unintelligible sounds.  Then she started
humming her other condition red signal.  I grinned at her and said I hear you,
now shut up!

I was disgusted with her.  I would spend a lot of my time planning a bondage
scene very carefully and then get in character for it in black leather skirt,
matching tightly belted jacket and my Mistress boots with heels THAT high and
then before I was half way finished I got the signal to stop.  Now what is the
use of having code red signals if you don't immediately react to them?  I always
had.

Then I would get her unwrapped from whatever position I had been developing and
she would start bitching.  It was just getting good. I really didn't mean to use
the "safe" signal; why didn't you just keep going?  I can take it!

This had happened three times in the last month and I was pissed off, frustrated
and angry.  Angry enough to use my own judgment as to if she was in trouble and
angry enough to ignore her damn safe signals.  This time I would call the shots. 
She was like the boy who had cried wolf once too often and I was going to take
her to her absolute limit; then beyond.

I had all the equipment and items I needed tucked away in my private closet. 
Because of her attitude I had never had the chance to use some of them but today
that would change.

We had started just as we always did with a boned, leather waist cincher that I
pulled particularly tight before knotting the laces.  Suspecting nothing she
pulled on the pair of shoulder length kid gloves and held her arms out so I
could lace them from elbow to armpit.

She hadn't seen the boots before and ooouu'd and arrr'ed that they were
beautiful but wouldn't they hurt, then helped me to get her legs into them. 
They were gleaming black leather, thigh high and heel-less; steel shanks formed
the shoe portion into an en pointe ballet configuration.  Resting her rear end
in a chair we laced them with her pulling on the laces as I squeezed the edges
together and it took some time before we were finished.  Naturally, within
minutes, she started to complain that her feet were feeling very awkward and her
insteps were hurting and how long did I expect her to wear them.

I fitted a spreader bar between her ankles and told her to hush we had only just
started.  Pouting, she held out her gloved hands when I asked her too and let me
fold the fingers into fists with the thumb tucked across the palm and work on
heavy leather mitts that laced to the wrist.

Before we went any further I knew she was soon going to realize that things were
not going as usual so I casually strapped her wrists to the arms of the chair
and moved behind her to gather her hair in a ponytail, tying it with a piece of
cord that I loosely wrapped around the top bar of the chair back.

Now for the gag!  I picked up a short metal rod from the table behind her and
held it hidden in my right hand.  It was only 1/4" in diameter and had U shaped
ends.  Without warning I yanked on the cord attached to her ponytail and as her
head jerked back she opened her mouth to scream and I quickly fitted a U of the
rod over her middle lower tooth, pushed down and then in so the other U slotted
over the upper tooth.

When I released my hold her mouth closed just a fraction and, without help, she
would not be able to open her jaws far enough to clear the jaw spreader.  I tied
off the hair cord holding her head back and ran a temporary strap around her
upper body and the chair to stop any excess movement while I installed the gag.

It was a masterpiece of design in several pieces that once installed would be
very effective and just a tad painful but, then again, I wouldn't feel a thing
now would I?

Hard rubber grooved wedges slid in either side of her mouth clamping to her
teeth and once they were in her jaws were held wide enough for me to remove the
rod spreader.  Now I used a pair of forceps to catch her tongue and pull it as
far out as it would come.  A hard rubber clam shell fitted across the back of
her tongue and clamped down on it and then a short rod fitted in a socket in the
top of the clam, through the stud hole in her tongue and into a matching socket
in the bottom of the device.

A firm push with my two thumbs and the whole thing slotted back neatly between
the two wedges with the halves of the clam locked tightly behind her teeth and
against the roof of her mouth and her lower palate.  Using my fingers and a
small prod I packed the remaining spaces with foam rubber then fitted a rubber
mouth guard over her teeth and under the inside of her cheeks then neatly taped
her lips as closed as they would go over it.

Now she started with the grunting, groaning and humming and I ignored it all as
I proceeded with my plan.

The leather bra was very special.  It had 2" diameter holes for the top of her
breasts and nipples to poke through.  The edges of the holes had small grommets
closely spaced around them. I had to remove the strap around the chair and her
chest before I could tightened the bra strap behind her back, as I pulled on it
those lovely mammary glands tried to force themselves through the holes in a
most attractive, and available, manner.

The hard leather nipple cups also had closely spaced grommets around their edges
but on the inside - oh now that was interesting!  Very closely spaced 1/4" long
surgical needles surrounded a single 3/4" nipple needle; boy was I going to push
her limits.

Starting with her left breast I gently tongued the nipple to full arousal and
then settling the point of the needle in the center of the puckered tip, pushed
in and held it there while I used my other hand to ply a blunt needle and thin
leather thread to connect the matching grommets around the two edges.  With that
one sewed in place and the grunting and groaning rising to a crescendo, I
installed the right nipple needle cap.

Un-strapping her right wrist from the arm of the chair I held the mitted fist
under my arm while I strapped a 14" metal bar to the inside of her arm locking
it straight then I moved it over next to the left one and strapped them together
at the wrist, elbow and biceps before reaching for the front arm binder sheath.

Once I got her fists into the leather pocket and laced the sheath to her wrists
I pulled her out of the chair to sit on the floor and strapped her wrists to the
middle of the ankle spreader bar; now I could get a good hold on the laces to
finished installing the sheath without her thrashing around.

That done, I took another longer rod and strapped it to the inside of her right
leg, there was no way it was going to bend.  Pushing her over on her side, with
her legs still held wide apart by the spreader bar, I reached for the jar of
Vaseline and a rubber glove to pull on my right hand.  First one, then two and
finally three rubber covered fingers slid into her puckered rosebud and spread
the gel generously before I took the huge but flexible, rubber butt plug and
worked it in until the flange at the base was snug against the flesh of her rear
end.

She was flopping around as helpless as a beached fish and I laughed at the look
in her eyes as she saw me holding up the deeply ridged flexible rubber dildo,
she knew where it was going and she was right.  It took me some time but
finally, with the occasional accidental (oh sure) slip of the fingers against
her clit, I had it fully embedded and could attach a crotch strap to the waist
cincher that I pulled to its last notch.  That got another groan, but I was on a
roll now.

I removed the spreader bar and used five straps to weld her legs together then
ran a long narrow strap from the ring at the end of the arm sheath to the ones
at the points of the ballet boots.  I positioned myself across her shoulders and
as I allowed my weight to force her down I pulled on the strap.

Gradually her arms moved along her booted legs and her chest touched her thighs. 
Now the nipple needles were going to come in to play.  Taking a firm grip on the
strap I flexed my knees and bounced down on her shoulders.

Well, what came out was nothing like a safe word.  Even I recognized the
"mmmmmmppppffft" as a cry of enough. I buckled the strap when her fists lined up
with the toes of the boots; legs and arms both unable to bend and relieve the
pressure.

I ignored her obvious plea and used a ratcheted hand held warehouse machine
loaded with 3/4" packing strapping to lock her arms to her legs and another
across her shoulders to keep her chest crushed against her thighs.  Now I
brought out the leather body casing and moved her on to it.  It laced from her
buttocks, up her back, split at her neck to allow her head through and then down
across her arms and legs to the tip of the boots.  A large ring was embedded at
the end.

I had her encased in gleaming black leather except for her head; it was next!
There was disbelief in her eyes!  She just couldn't believe I had reached my own
limit and was ignoring her safe word and her back up condition red signal.

Her eyes got even larger as she saw me fiddling with the kid leather discipline
helmet but first I had another surprise.  The double-barreled nostril insert
slid easily into her nose but then I used a pair of needle nosed pliers to
squeeze the inner part of the sleeve against her septum and that embedded the
tiny needles lining the device.  From the tears now streaming from her eyes I
assumed it was a little bit painful but I remembered all the weeks of
frustration and started to lace on the helmet.

When that was done I used a roller buckled gag strap across her mouth and reefed
on it until it bit deeply into her leather-covered cheeks.  A D ring on top of
the helmet gave me the purchase for a piece of cord to pull back on her head and
tie off at another ring at her rear end.

Now there was nothing left except to attach the snap hook from the ceiling
pulley to the toe ring and gradually haul her in the air.  When those pitiful
eyes were level with mine I stroked her leather covered cheek and said since
today is my birthday I really appreciate you humming and grunting Happy Birthday
to me, I know that is your other code red signal but since today is my day I
just know you are wishing me well so I'll go and get my new riding crop and be
right back to enjoy my present; thank you so much!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





