BDSM Library - My Life In Hell




My Life In Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman suffers alone thru various methods of bondage and torture.
My Life In Hell

LES1204@aol.com

She slowly awoke from her drug induced stupor and looked around the room thru
squinted eyes. Her vision was slightly blurred and as she shook her hair away
from her face the mirror in front of her revealed that she was bound. The sight
of herself in the mirror frightened her and she tried to scream, but the big
pink ball gag that filled her mouth muffled her cries. She stood in a small 4 x
4 room.  Her arms were chained tightly behind her with her wrists locked
together in the cold iron embrace of old heavy manacles.  Large loops of heavy
hemp rope tightly encircled  her ankles and the ends were tied off thru steel
rings buried into the floor. She heard a gentle hum and then suddenly felt
pressure around her neck. She glanced into the mirror and watched in horror as
the hang mans noose that was around her neck was being pulled upwards ever so
slowly by a motorized pulley and the pressure around her throat was ever so
slowly increasing. She struggled desperately in her bonds and tried to scream
thru the gag in her mouth to try to get the rope to stop, but the rope continued
its slow upward movement and the pressure of the hang mans noose slowly
continued to tighten around her throat. She raised herself up on her toes to
relieve the pressure on her neck and felt a sudden twinge of pain in her nipples
and suddenly she felt the noose around her neck loosen. She gasped for air and
then looked more closely at her predicament in the mirror. Steel clamps were
tightly attached to her tits and tied to a small switch in the floor. She
lowered herself to relieve the pain in her tits and as she looked down the motor
for the pulley came back on and began to once again tighten the noose around her
neck. She lifted up on her toes again and immediately felt the noose loosen it's
death grip from around her throat, she also felt the teeth of the clamps tighten
around her nipples.  She cried out with huge sobs as she realized this was a
slow and diabolical torture.

Time slowly passed and after standing on her toes for the last hour her leg
muscles ached and her tits hurt so badly. She  heard a loud click and the room
went totally dark.  She then felt a wet cloth being placed over face with a
peculiar smell and after a few seconds of breathing in the chloroform she was
unconscious.




CHAPTER  2

She slowly awoke from her drug induced stupor and looked around the room thru
squinted eyes. Her vision was slightly blurred and as she shook her hair away
from her face the mirror in front of her revealed that she was bound again, but
this time in a very different and more disturbing position. She sat on a thin
piece of wood. Her wrists were tightly encased in leather cuffs and attached to
a chain hanging from the ceiling. Her arms were forced high over her head. She
tried to mover her legs, but could not because they were both strapped to the
sides of the saw horse that she was sitting on.

She screamed a piercing scream that echoed thru the room. She thrashed around
trying hopelessly to free herself from her newly bound position, but the ropes
and cuffs held her firmly in place. She then felt a gentle hum between her legs
and when she lanced down she saw a huge white vibrator attached to the sawhorse
that was against her cunt.

She began to moan with pleasure as the gentle waves of the vibrator stimulated
her clit. She edged her self a bit forward and began to slowly move up and down
on the board that was between her legs. The muscles in her arms and legs began
to slowly tense and just when she was about to cum the vibrator switched off.
She cried out nooooo, but nothing happened. She started to bounce up and down on
the board to try and bring herself over the top, but the sharp edge of the board
began to irritate her pussy and she had to stop. She was left totally
unsatisfied and frustrated. She looked around the room at her new surroundings.
The room was larger than the first one that she was in. On her left was an Asian
girl. She was tied to a merry-go around like contraption. This Asian girl slowly
walked in a circle pushing on the bar that her hands were tightly cuffed to.
After she watched the girl complete a circle a loud click resounded in the room
and the number 1 appeared on a screen that both women could see clearly. The
girl continued to walk in the tight circle and after each lap the number changed
to the next higher number. When the number on the screen reached 10 the Asian
girl stopped and straddled the pole, she pressed herself hard against it and it
suddenly began to vibrate. The girl writhed up and down and moaned with
pleasure. She rubbed the pole against her big tits and cunt. The girl on the
sawhorse was forced to watch the girl pleasure herself to a screaming orgasm
that had her whole body banging hard against the pole. After a few minutes of
rest the Asian girl began to walk backwards and after she had completed her
first lap the number on the screen changed to 9 and then 8. She continued to
walk until the screen flashed back to 0 and then looked over at the girl on the
saw horse. Suddenly the vibrator attached to the sawhorse clicked on again and
the slow build up of pleasure between her legs began again. She pulled hard
against her bounds trying hard to move her cunt closer to the vibrators head but
could not quite get her pussy to lay over it. She began to bounce up and down.
The rough wood of the saw horse bit into the soft pink flesh between her legs.
She didn't care. She only thought about the pleasure tingling thru her body
pushing her closer and closer to orgasm. Just when she thought she would have
the greatest most pleasurable and sensational orgasm of her life the vibrator
went dead. She screamed out load as once again she was denied.

She looked over at the Asian girl who was watching her with a big smile on her
face as she began once again to walk forward. An agonizing "no" "Walk backward"
was the last sound that was heard in the room before the room was plunged into
darkness.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Les1204


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





