BDSM Library - Precious Things




Precious Things
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful young college girl meets an older man.  She decides to find out what it would be like to make love to him.
Author: Powerone and Jessy19
Title: Precious Things
Summary: A beautiful young college girl meets an older man.  She decides to find
out what it would be like to make love to him.
Keywords: MF, oral, anal, rom, Fsolo

Precious Things

Copyright 2003 by Jessy19 and Powerone.  Jessy19 can be reached at
deadgirl_superstar81@yahoo.com and Powerone at Controlher@hotmail.com.


	I stood in the shower, the hot water running off my naked body as I
thought of last night.  My hand strayed down between my thighs, finding my pussy
already wet, not from the shower, but the thought of lasts night encounter with
Michael.  It was everything that I had thought it could be.  My fingers lightly
rubbed my clit, still swollen from last night and the feelings began to come
back to me.  I had had sex with others, mostly my own age, but I had never made
love like I did last night.  And to someone so much older then I am!  The others
had never turned out well.  It was usually a quick encounter, with my partners
wanting to satisfy their lusts first and then too tired or uninterested to make
sure that mine had also been satisfied.  I had tried to keep them interested,
using my mouth to bring them back to erection, but once they felt my sweet lips
wrapped around their cocks, it only made them more excited to finally dump their
cum on my face, refusing to swallow anyone's cum.

	It had begun about a three months ago.  It was early April in sunny,
Southern California.  I am a senior at a large, private university close to the
ocean.  I'm 24, 5'3", 125 pounds, shoulder length hair and dark eyes.  And yes,
I am also Latina.  I spent a couple of years after high school trying to find
myself.  When that did not succeed, I went back to school, hoping to find
something that would interest me.  I lived in Texas but the best business school
I could get into was in Southern California and the weather was certainly better
then Texas.  I have been studying business and with only two months before
graduation I was getting anxious about a job.  The economy still sucks and with
my student loans totaling over $50,000 I was getting desperate.  I had done most
of the usual things to get a job and I was now doing the "job circuit".  That
was the long list of "business functions" that the school sponsored to put
together the students and the business leaders in the area.

	My love life and sex life, not necessarily mutually exclusive was about
as good as my job prospects.  It's not that I am a virgin, having slept with a
number of men or boys, depending on how you look at them, it's just that all of
my relationships have been less then perfect.  It seemed that I have a perchance
of picking losers or they pick me, not sure which.  All of the men in my life
are my own age, not unusual, but they all lacked any imagination or future.  An
intelligent conversation with them would be "what position would you like to be
fucked in, missionary or doggy style".  For the last four months I had
completely given up on men, devoting all of my time to graduating and finding a
job.  Maybe a job would give me a new list of candidates to date with better
qualifications.

	I was getting ready for the second dinner function this week.  It never
hurt to look good and I could do that very well.  I dressed in a black skirt,
not too short, but it did cling to my ass, one of my finer attributes.  I wore a
white, silk blouse, button down, with the top two buttons undone.  While my
breasts were not exceedingly large, they did afford an ample display of
cleavage.  A pair of moderately high heels accented my legs.  Silk bra and thong
panties, while not overtly displayed gave me that inner sexy feeling.  It felt
like summer coming already, so I did not grab a coat, even though the
temperature in Southern California dropped 15 degrees at night and headed out to
the campus hall for the dinner.  If nothing else, at least I would get a good
meal out of it and not have to put up with the pawing of some immature boy
hoping to get lucky, feeling that I should put out to pay for the dinner.

	It looked like any of the countless other dinners that I had attended in
the last two weeks.  A one-hour cocktail hour, two-hour dinner, interrupted by a
half- hour of some "important" business leader spouting off about something and
that was it.  I had learned early on that the most important thing to do at the
cocktail hour was finding a good table, filled hopefully with your next boss.  I
grabbed a quick glass of white wine and set about to find an interesting circle,
a group of people locked into a conversation.  I was not shy and could quickly
melt into a group, my confidence letting me jump into almost any conversation
with authority.  I might not know everything, but I could exude enough "buzz"
words to make it sound like I did. 

	I was already on my second group, ready to move onto the third when I
saw him, stopping in mid-conversation.  Luckily no one was paying much attention
and it continued on without me as I stared at him.  Or I should say, stared back
at him, as his eyes, dark, menacing blue eyes pierced my being.  He must have
been about forty-five, anyone over thirty seemingly old to me and hard to judge
age.  About 5'10", he was very well built, tanned completion with fairly long,
but well cut sandy brown hair, blonde highlights throughout probably caused by
the excess of sun here.  He was dressed immaculately, wearing a tan suit with a
black pullover.  It was not off the rack, but obviously custom tailored to his
body because it fit him like a glove.  Now I am not usually attracted to older
men, my father probably only older by about 10 years, but this man exuded a
certain allure that made me weak in the knees and no one had ever done that to
me.  I blushed as our eyes met.  My knees shook, almost unable to support me as
I saw him move towards me, his eyes still on me, a smile on his face,
approaching me confidently.  I stood, staring at him, unable to move, unable to
do anything, almost as if he had hypnotized me.  Snap out of it, Jessica, the
man's almost as old as your father.  You're looking for a job, turn on the
charm.

	"Hello, I am Michael.  I couldn't help noticing you.  I am a member of
the Board of Directors of the University, so I attend a number of these
functions and I could swear I saw you last week at one of these.  I never forget
a beautiful woman," his charm showing.

	"Thank you for the compliment, and yes I was here last week, but I do
not remember seeing you," smiling, looking at those gorgeous blue eyes, noticing
that they seem to be taking in her ample cleavage.  I blushed again, lowering my
eyes.

	Michael took note of her recognition of his gazing at her breasts, but
continued to stare.  While he did date often, most were all of his social
status, rich, beautiful, educated woman more his own age.  Here was a beautiful,
fresh faced girl, innocent of the real world with a body that already caused a
stirring in his loins.  Stop acting like a dirty old man, he thought.  "Well,
obviously I did not make a very good impression, so I must try to make amends. 
Would you care to join me at my table?  The Dean of the business schools, the
Chairman of Qualcomm, Isis Pharmaceuticals, Callaway Golf and SAIC are all going
to be there.  Maybe this week I will catch your attention," a slight chuckle
coming out.  "If you're looking for a chance at a job, this is your
opportunity."

	I don't care if he is looking at my boobs, it's not that I didn't dress
to show them to their advantage.  A woman needs to use all of her assets.  If it
takes my boobs to get them to notice my brains, so it will be.  Trying to act
nonchalantly, "thank you, that would be very nice."

	"And your name is?"

	Almost stuttering, I blurted out, "I'm sorry, how rude of me, my name is
Jessica.  I'm a senior and yes I am looking for employment for when I graduate,"
trying to not act desperate.

	"Can I get you another glass of wine before we sit down?"

	"Yes, thank you," feeling his hand moving up to my arm, touching me
lightly as he gently pulled me over to the head table.  My stomach fluttered, my
heart skipped a beat when I felt his fingers touch my flesh.  I felt a slight
shiver run through my body, goose bumps appearing on my arms.  I flushed as I
looked down, my nipples poked out the front of my silk blouse.  No one had ever
done this to me before, I did not know how to react.

	"Are you cold, would you like my coat?  Michael's eyes gazed down at the
goose bumps on her arms, but could not help but notice the protruding nipples
pushing out that gorgeous white silk blouse.  He knew that he had a strange
effect on woman, but he had never seen anything like this before. 

	I looked down as we walked over to the table, not wanting to see his
face, afraid that he saw my nipples.  Please, please go away, but the more I
wished them away, the harder they became.  "No, it was just a breeze from the
air conditioner over there, it is much better here," trying to bring my arms up
to cover my breasts without being too obvious.  It did not work, only making it
more obvious, so I put her arms down, my nipples still pointed and erect.  He
pulled out my chair and my skirt rode up my legs as I sat down.  He pushed the
chair in, the tablecloth hiding my bare legs.

	"I'll be right back.  Now don't go away, I have to make up for not being
noticed last week."

	Michael returned with my glass of white wine and we began to talk about
my plans when I graduate, what I was taking in school and my job prospects.  I
finally let it out that I had no job prospects, unable to lie to him.  I learned
that Michael was a COO, chief operating officer of a local telecommunications
company and was very successful and obviously well off.  During the dinner, I
was a hit with the other men, my charm and good looks giving me an advantage,
especially knowing someone as important as Michael.  During dinner, Michael
would often reach over, sometimes his hands accidentally touching me, the
electricity shooting through my body again as they did.  He seemed to be unfazed
by his effect on me and it seemed to be so natural that his hands would touch
me, almost like I belonged to him.  The night passed quickly, quicker then I
wanted it to.  I was having so much fun, the center of attention at the table,
even though there were other female students more attractive then me at the same
table.  It seemed that my connection with Michael gave me more power then the
others.  This excited me and yet at the same time frightened me.  He also had
the same effect on me.  He seemed to be able to control me, not outright
control, but subtle control, the ability to turn me to mush at the mere sound of
his voice.

	The evening finally ended, most of the people already gone.  "I think
you better be getting back to the dorms, it's getting late and you said you have
an early class tomorrow."

	I looked at him, "yes, I want to thank you for the lovely evening.  I've
never had such a nice time at one of the affairs before and I think it was
because of you," afraid I sounded to anxious, to eager, like I was trying to
flirt with him.

	"It was my pleasure, the university is lucky to have such an intelligent
woman and might I add, beautiful woman as a student.  Any company would be lucky
to have you as an employee.  I hope I have helped you with that."

	"Yes you have, almost everyone at the table asked for my resume.  Again,
thank you very much and maybe we will see each other again," smiling at Michael
as I said it.  Was I actually trying to flirt with him, he was so much older
then I was.  But he did seem to drive me weak in the knees whenever he touched
me.

	"I'm afraid this is my last, I can only take the time to go to a few of
these, but I am glad that I picked this one.  Very nice meeting you, Jessica and
hope we meet paths again."  With that, Michael touched my hand again before
leaving, not turning around as he left.

	I walked back to the dorm, thinking of the night.  He was so much older. 
What would it be like to date someone that had to be at least forty-five?  Would
we have anything in common?  What would sex be like?  Oh, God, Jessica, forget
it.  You're just a college senior, what would he want from someone like you.  He
could have his pick of any woman in this town.  I reached my dorm, my roommate
gone for the week.  I quickly stripped off my clothes, hanging up my dress,
another dinner two nights away.  Nothing would be as good as this one.  I got
into bed and turned off the light, naked, not sure why, usually wearing a pair
of men pajama bottoms.  It was late and I fell asleep and began to dream.

	I awoke the next day, my fingers tucked between my thighs, slick with my
juices.  God, that must have been a great dream, I wish I remembered it, the
room smelling of my sex.

 	I never did see Michael again, though I did look at every dinner and I
did go to many of them.  Even after I got a job at Qualcomm, one of Michael's
contacts at the table having come through, I still attended two others, hoping
to run into Michael again.  But he never showed up again, finally giving up and
that night started to fade from my mind.

	Graduation came and went, I decided to remain in Southern California. 
My parents were disappointed, living so far away, but they understood how
important it was to me to get a good job.  And a good job was the one at
Qualcomm.  Qualcomm is a large telecommunications company and the job I got was
in the accounting department.  Some of the employees that had been there for a
couple of years already seem impressed at the position they had given to a
relatively new graduate.  The job paid well and I managed to get a small
apartment close to the beach.  Not that close, but close enough so I could run
on the boardwalk whenever I could find the time from work.  I had run track in
high school and I continued to run while in college.  It helped to keep my ass
round and firm.  I still had not dated for almost six months now.  With
graduation and the new job, time for social activities was non-existent. 

	It was September, most of the tourists gone for the winter, the
boardwalk now relatively sparse with people compared to the 10,000 during the
summer.  I had just finished coming back on the boardwalk, running the six miles
to the street where my apartment was.  My mind was thinking of work and was not
paying much attention as I turned the corner.  Suddenly I slammed into a
bicycle, tumbling towards the ground, trying to grab one of the brick walls as I
fell.  I was just about to hit the ground painfully when a pair of hands grabbed
me tightly around the waist, catching me before my ass hit the hard payment.

	"Gotcha," he said, the voice sounding familiar to me.   

	I looked up from the jumbled mess of my legs, strong hands helping me
back onto my feet.  There he was, Michael.  Looking as handsome as ever, this
time in shorts and a tee shirt, his bronze tan offset by the white tee.

	"Why Jessica, is that you?  Michael looked up, noticing the tight body
in a pair of shorts and abbreviated top.

	"Michael, I guess I owe you again," I said, beaming from ear to ear. 

	"Only helping a lady in distress and what do you mean again?

	"That night I managed to impress enough people to get a job at Qualcomm. 
I have to thank you for that.  And now you save my body from being splattered
all over the pavement."

	Grinning sheepishly, "now that would have been a shame to do such a
terrible thing to such a lovely body."

	I blushed, feeling his hot hands still on my body, burning my skin as
one still held my arm tightly and the other was gently draping my waist.  I felt
him release them as his eyes noticed my embarrassment.

	"I'll tell you what, I will let you make it up to me.  If you don't have
any plans for tonight, how about dinner with me tonight?  There is an excellent
small restaurant down near the cove that has the best seafood on the beach. 
About eight tonight?  He did not give her much of a chance to refuse.

	I jumped at the chance, "of course, that sounds great.  I'll meet you
there if you don't mind," hoping that I did not sound too eager.  My love life
sucked lately and with the new job and tight money, the chance for great dinners
had been scarce.  And Michael was extremely handsome, though the age thing still
bothered me.

	"I'll meet you in the bar, it's called The Catch of the Day and it is
right down in the cove.  It's the only one down there, so you shouldn't have a
problem finding it.  Eight O'clock."  And with that he was off, running off to
finish the five miles for the day, leaving me standing there, still surprised by
the unexpected happenings.

	This should be interesting, I thought.  A date, I guess you could call
it a date.  With an older man, definitely older, almost as old as Dad, I thought
as I finished up my run.  Wonder what it would be like to make love to him.  I
did not have much experience with sex, at least very little experience with good
sex.  The last good sex I had was with her vibrator, laughing as I ran.  The
rest of the day went rather fast, trying to get the thousand things done on the
weekends, things you didn't have time to do during the week.  I started to get
ready for dinner with Michael, taking a shower.  I looked at my body in the
full-length mirror, my firm breasts, large nipples, tight stomach and that great
ass.  God, why couldn't I find a decent lover, why were they all such jerks.  I
let the water run over my body, feeling good, washing away the work and run of
the day.  I ran the soap over my body, letting my hands fall down between my
legs, running up and down my pussy.  I better shave tonight, I thought, never
can be too sure!  I had shaved all of the hair from my pussy and it required
frequent shaving to keep it bald, but I enjoyed the look.  And it felt good when
I masturbated and that was frequent.

	I put on a simple spaghetti string dress, white, showing off my tan.  At
least that was a good thing with not having a boyfriend.  Had a lot of time to
spend on the beach getting a tan.  My bathing suit was rather skimpy.  It
embarrassed me sometimes, but I stayed to the less crowded portion of the beach. 
If only I had the nerve to wear a thong bathing suit.  God, my ass would look
great tanned!  I looked in the mirror, satisfied as how I looked.  Eat your
heart out Michael, here I come.

	Michael looked up from his drink when he saw a number of patrons at the
bar look towards the door, curious at what drew their attention.  There was
Jessica.  Now she might have looked good in shorts and top, but she certainly
looked much better in a body clinging white dress.  And most of the other
patrons thought the same thing.  Michael smiled as she walked over to him, not
sure if it was a smile to her or a smirk to the others that he obviously was the
center of her attention.  He could feel a stirring in his pants, his cock also
liking what his eyes had told his brain.  "You seem to be a hit with the crowd
here, me being no exception.

	"Thank you," blushing again.  It seemed whenever I met Michael, he had a
way to embarrass me without really trying.  I was never really sure if he was
flirting with me or that this was just his way.

	The two of them had a drink, making small talk, talking about Jessica's
new job and her new apartment.  They moved to the dining room, a table next to
the window, overlooking the beach below.  A bottle of wine and a lovely dinner
followed with more conversation.

	 I learned that Michael lived only blocks from here in a beachfront
home.  He worked within a couple of miles from the ocean, moving the corporate
headquarters when he took over as COO about a year ago.  He had been married for
about 15 years, his wife having passed away two years ago, the tragic death a
result of a drunk driver.  I learned that Michael was often seen in the company
of some of the regions much eligible woman, his picture showing up in the
newspapers society pages at least twice a month.  But they were more social
events then dating, not having found or not even sure if he was looking for a
possible new mate.

	A small band began playing later in the evening, a jazz group with some
of the other couples moving out onto the dance floor as the night progressed. 
Another bottle of wine with desert, I was becoming a little lightheaded as the
night progressed.  I began to loosen up a little, my dress sliding higher up my
thighs, no attempt to correct it.  I often leaned towards Michael, full aware
that the dress pulled out in the front, my breasts, peeking out.  It did not
seem to be lost on Michael, his eyes following my frequent flirting and attempts
to lure him with my exposed body.  I did notice that his pants seem to be
attempting to contain a hard cock, his hands reaching under the table at times,
presumably to rearrange it.

	"Would you like to dance?" Michael asked, grabbing my hand and pulling
me towards the dance floor, never really giving me a chance to respond.  He
pulled me close to him, feeling my body shudder slightly as we met, our bodies
molding against each other as though we were built to be that way.  His hand
moved down my back and rested gently on the swell of my ass, not moving, but
pressing firmly on my flesh.

	I felt Michael press against me, feeling the bulge in his pants against
me, knowing that I was having an effect on him.  It had been a long time,
feeling a hard cock pushed against you, feeling it pulsate against you, knowing
that you were causing it.  Shivers ran through my body as his hand slid down my
back, moving down my ass, stopping before getting too familiar, but still not
innocently placed.  I moved closer to him, pushing my body into his, feeling the
music, my body swaying against his, my pussy rubbing sensuously against his hard
cock, feeling it twitch in appreciation.  I closed my eyes and listened to the
music, oblivious to all that was around us, it was just Michael and I, all
alone.  I pushed my nipples, already hard and erect in excitement against his
chest, my hips moving side to side, rubbing against that delicious cock bulging
out against me.  I moved my hand down to his waist, hesitating for a second,
waiting to see if Michel responded in protest.  With no sign, I continued down,
my hand sliding down the side of his hip, moving back a little, not too obvious,
but still managing to grip his muscular ass cheek.  He responded by shifting his
hips forward, pushing his cock into my pussy, my hips returning the gesture by
moving back and forth.  My breath began to get shallow, imagining how it looked
to others, as we slowly rubbed against each other on the dance floor.  I could
feel my pussy, soaking wet.  God, this was terrible, I was acting like a bitch
in heat, but I continued, my pussy rubbing tightly against the straining cock.

	Michael could feel Jessica responding to his body.  It had been a long
time since anyone had done anything like this to him.  His cock was hard, yet he
still felt the intrepidation because of her age.  He could see others looking at
them as they danced tightly against each other, moving sensuously to the music. 
Was it because of what they were doing or was it their age difference?  He felt
Jessica's hand move down, making no attempt to stop her.  It felt good, his cock
popping rigid as it moved down.  He could feel her pussy rubbing against his
hard cock, almost wishing the song was over, afraid they might be getting too
carried away.

	The music finally stopped, the band taking a break between sets.  We
moved back to the table, feeling Michael's hand gently around my waist, his
strong fingers pushing onto my flesh.  I could almost feel the pussy juice
leaking from between my legs, the dance having a profound effect on my psyche.

	"It's been a while since I danced, thank you Jessica, I forgot how
enjoyable it could be," smiling, his hand tightening on her waist in
appreciation.

	"The pleasure was mine," it was almost too pleasurable, I thought, "I
enjoyed it very much."

	The conversation continued for at least another half-hour, crossing and
uncrossing my legs numerous times, hoping to keep that feeling burning between
them.  His hands touched me at times, usually innocently, but some times
touching my naked leg.  Each time my body shuddered, my thighs clenched tightly
together.  His hands seem to take my body for granted, moving about me, touching
me here and there with a familiarity that I found comfortable.  He could have
slipped his hand up under my dress and into my panties and I wouldn't have
protested, in fact I would have probably spread my thighs wide open in
anticipation.  Unfortunately the evening ended, both of us moving into the
parking lot to their respective cars.

	Michael moved to Jessica's car, taking the keys from her hands without
explanation, opening the door for her. His eyes gazed down to her naked thighs
as she slipped into the car, her dress sliding up high.

	I slid into the car, purposely letting my dress slide up high, my
panties almost exposed as I sat down on the seat, the cold leather giving me
goose bumps.  "Thank you for a wonderful evening, I don't know when I enjoyed
myself more."

	"I am having a small party next Saturday, late in the afternoon and
evening at my house on the beach.  It is just a few couples of my good friends
and I would love for you to come and meet them.  About 2:00 and bring your
bathing suit.  Not only do I have the beach, but I also have a pool and Jacuzzi. 
Nothing formal, just good friends and a few drinks," smiling down at her, gazing
down again at her naked thighs, the top of her dress also showing substantial
cleavage.  Her nipples seem to poke out the front of the dress, the cool air of
the Southern California night stimulating them.

	I smiled back at him, noticing his eyes and where they wandered to, "I
would love to, see you Saturday.  Good night."  Michael closed the door and I
started the car up and drove off, watching Michael in the rear view mirror as I
left.

	I got home and slipped out of my dress and panties, lying down on the
bed, naked, not tired, my body sexually charged from the evening.  I closed my
eyes as I let my imagination run wild.  I started to run my warm hands all over
my big breasts.  I kept wondering what it would feel like to kiss Michael as I
still remembered his luscious lips as I stared at him as he talked.  I felt my
dark pink nipples harden as my hands stroked each mound softly.  I sighed in
delight as I thought about Michael.  I could still feel his touch, his body.  I
pinched my nipples with my fingers as I imagined Michael would do, pinching
them, sucking on them.  I felt my sweet pussy juices start oozing out of me the
more I remembered his cock so close to me, rubbing up against me, arousing me.

           I could still feel his arms around me so warm and so enticing.  My
right hand slowly moved down as my other hand played with my breasts.  I slid my
hand lower, running it down my flat belly and down to my shaved pussy.  I ran my
finger slowly up and down my moist slit.  My finger stroked my swollen pink clit
as I began to moan in pleasure.

	I kept visualizing myself riding Michael's cock.  It had felt so big and
so hard.  I rubbed my clit faster as I imagined Michael's cock up my cunt.  God
it'd been months since I'd had sex.  I felt my aching pussy wanting Michael more
than any other man I'd ever known.  I moved my index finger further down as I
felt my tight pussy hole so slippery.  I jammed my finger up my small opening
and madly started finger fucking myself.

	My legs were wide open in the middle of my erotic masturbation.  I moved
my hips wildly as I began to thrust my finger in faster and with more
determination to reach my climax.  My finger now drenched with my honey, I slid
in my middle finger feeling my pussy open more.  I felt a strong sensation as I
was now using my two fingers.  I knew that even if I stuck another finger in, it
would be nothing compared to what Michael would feel like inside me.

	I gasped as I squeezed my breast with one hand and implanted a third
finger in my cunt.  I picked up my speed, now squirming my little body all over
my bed, making a mess on my sheets with my juices.  I took my hand off my breast
and let it glide up and down my clit.  My fingers moved to my mouth, placing my
fingers in to taste myself.  I kept my other three fingers buried in my pussy as
I licked my fingers with lust.  Oh how I wished Michael would have his head
between my golden thighs, licking my, fucking me with his tongue.

	I wailed in excitement as my heartbeat, accelerated with more thoughts
of Michael pouncing in my tight hole.  Making my pussy stretch open with his big
cock.  I couldn't hold back any longer, I just let myself release the hardest
orgasm I'd ever experienced.  My body tightened as I felt my pussy clench my
fingers.  I quivered passionately as I came.  

	I kept fantasizing about this handsome man.  Did he know how much of a
sexual effect he had on me?  If he only knew that I'd had one of the most
intense orgasms by myself as I thought about him.  Feeling satisfied I closed my
eyes and fell asleep peacefully with sweet dreams about this wonderful stranger
that suddenly came into my life.

	Saturday came slowly.  Work was a pain in the ass, having to stay late
to get everything done to avoid working on Saturday.  After last weekend's
masturbation I neither had the time or inclination again, though my mind did
wander back quite a few times to Saturday night.  By the weekend, I was not even
sure if it all happened or was I just hoping that it did.  I ran in the morning,
looking for Michael as I did, disappointed that I did not see him.  I went back
home, a quick shower and then got dressed to go to Michael's.  I had pondered
all week as to what to wear.  My bathing suit was already new, though fairly
skimpy, my body did not displease me.  It was white and it highlighted the tan I
had acquired since moving to the beach.  My breasts filled the top, with ample
cleavage showing.  The bottoms just barely covered me.  I would have been afraid
of being too exposed had I not shaved my pussy, it was that low.  It gripped my
ass cheeks tightly, pulled tautly over them, parts of my cheeks exposed.  If I
only had enough nerve to wear a thong bathing suit.  I had seen others at the
beach, but I was still a little too modest.  I finally decided on a small,
short, fairly transparent wrap around skirt.  If you got it, you might as well
flaunt it, I thought, smiling as I gazed in the mirror.  I bet I can get your
cock hard again Michael, laughing to myself.  I wonder if I should try to get
him into bed?  I could feel my pussy beginning to get wet at the thought of his
cock.  Been a long time since something besides vibrating plastic was inside my. 
I almost forgot what a real hot cock would feel like.

	I pulled into Michael's driveway, impressed at what I saw.  His house
was huge and yes, it was right on the ocean, though somewhat obscured from the
neighbors and public access, limited by the distance from the main beach. 
Michael opened the door wearing just a pair of bathing trunks, his chest tanned,
a small amount of hair on it and rock hard abs.  Besides running, he must also
lift weights.  He leaned towards her, planting a small peck on her cheek, the
scent of his cologne bringing back last Saturday nights slow dance.

	"You know you are going to make all of the women here jealous, don't
you," laughing as he pulled her gently into the house.  The inside was
impressive as the outside.  A huge living room, ceiling to floor glass windows
opening up to the deck and adjacent beach.  A small pool clung to the edge of
the deck, water spilling over the edge like it was falling to the ground far
below, but trapped in gutters running along its edge.  A Jacuzzi sat high in the
corner, built for at least eight people, a couple engaged in a somewhat
passionate kiss at the present time.  A glass wall surrounded the deck, built to
stop the late night cooling breezes.

	"I love your home, Michael.  It is truly magnificent," my eyes taking in
the opulence of it.  There were four couples.  One in the Jacuzzi, still in an
embrace, the man about Michael's age, the woman probably about ten years younger
then her companion.  The other three couples were about the same, handsome older
men and beautiful woman, probably all in their mid-thirties.  I felt somewhat
uncomfortable being the only one that was in her twenties, in my case, early
twenties.  I did smile, though the women were beautiful, they all had lost that
fresh, innocence that I still had.  I laughed to myself, I bet your tits
wouldn't stand up by themselves like mine do. 

	Michael showed her around the house, introducing her to the other guests
as they moved about.  The men's eyes all drank in her beauty as she shook their
hands, eyes gazing at her body, imagining the things they could do to her naked
body, their partners acting nice, but their eyes showing their jealousy.  All
seemed nice enough, none arousing the same passion that Michael seemed to do in
her.  They moved to the back of the house, to the bedrooms.  They went through
the three other bedrooms.  Michael gripped her hand tightly, almost as if he was
trying to relay some silent message to her as he showed her the master bedroom. 
It was the largest, again floor to ceiling windows opening up onto the deck
spanned one wall.  There was a huge bathroom, a completely glass enclosed shower
with four showerheads, all of the glass completely transparent.  The bed was
huge, you could lay sideways, as well as lengthwise it was so big.  It stood up
fairly high, large mattress and box springs rising up underneath.  The whole
house was modern, but the bed still had bedposts, in this case, large shiny
aluminum posts in the corners.  The bed faced the bathroom, giving a complete
view inside if the doors were left open.

	I smiled at him, more of a seductive smirk, squeezing his hand as we
moved about the room.  "I love this room," I said, almost hinting at my
intentions.  I had thought about seducing him, now sure what I wanted to do.  If
he didn't intend to seduce me, I was going to seduce him.  I had made up my
mind.  I wouldn't go home tonight until I felt his cock inside me. 

	"It is one of my favorites, it has such a lovely view of the moon over
the ocean at night and the sound of the surf hitting the beach lulls you." 
Michael looked down at Jessica, her half naked body standing so close to him in
his bedroom.  His cock already hard, he thought of what it would be like to make
love to her.  The noise of his guests laughing in the other room brought him
back to reality.  "We better get back to the others.  I think you will enjoy
them."

	"Yes, we better. I enjoy your company, so I am sure I will enjoy your
friends," smiling seductively as I still clung to his hand as we went back to
the deck with the others.  The day past quickly, Michael hardly leaving my side. 
My skirt was quickly gone, the weather turning warmer, feeling more relaxed as I
talked to the others, holding my own with the group, Michael seemingly pleased
at how intelligent I was.  Every time I seem to move, Michael was right next to
me, his body moving up against mine, his hands always somehow running
seductively over my body while I talked.  The men gazed lustfully at me, my
bathing suit leaving little to the imagination, Michael's fingers on my body
leaving my nipples always erect, the top unable to cover them.  I finally gave
up being self-conscious, enjoying all of the male attention, ignoring the female
jealousy. 

	Michael was enjoying himself with Jessica.  She was intelligent, able to
keep up any conversation, able to shoot back with equal ferocity the barbs by
some of the woman.  The afternoon went rapidly, the evening beginning to fall. 
Two couples had already gone, the others still on the deck, watching the sun
setting in the distance.  "Would you like to hop in the Jacuzzi, it's going to
get a little chilly outside?"

	"Yes," my hand tightening on his, this time pulling him towards the
Jacuzzi.  We both stepped in, moving up against Michael even though the tub was
huge.  I felt my hips bump against his as I lowered myself in, the water quickly
covering my body.  The water was hot, sweat beginning to form on our faces as we
relaxed, the water taking all tenseness out of our bodies.  His hands continued
to move over my body, moving freely, uninhibited.  I slid lower in the tub, his
hand forced down onto my thigh from my knee, my breath stopped, waiting to see
his reaction.  I looked up, his eyes staring at me, looking for a sign of
acceptance.  I moved close to him, my lips only inches from his, feeling his hot
breath on my face, the smell of his cologne.  Our eyes stayed locked together,
searching out each other as I moved closer, electricity shooting through my body
as my wet lips touched his ever so lightly.  I felt his hand grab my thigh
harder, my legs parting, a sign of acceptance that I was his for the asking.

	Michael pushed his lips closer to mine as we met, his hand grasping my
thighs, my legs willingly parting.  His tongue moved into my mouth as our lips
met, searching inside my mouth for my tongue, finding the darting morsel as they
entwined.  His tongue ran over my teeth, from top to bottom as my tongue rubbed
sensuously over his.

	 He felt a hand on his leg, holding his breath as it moved closer to his
hard cock.  It kept moving, a small delicate hand, massaging his flesh, the hand
moving closer and closer to his hard cock as he continued to French kiss her
passionately.  He sucked in his breath as her hand grasped his hard cock, her
tongue moving in acknowledgment.  Her other hand moved beneath the water, her
hand grabbing his wrist and moving it higher up her thighs as they parted.  He
allowed her actions, letting her move his hand until it was between her spread
thighs, his fingers now moving over the top of her pussy, the bathing suit her
only protection.

	I almost choked on his tongue as I moved his hand until it was resting
on my pussy.  I had never been this forward, but Michael had been teasing me too
long, the sexual tension in my body was about to burst and I was determined that
I would not have to resort to lonely masturbation again tonight.  I gripped his
cock with my hand, my hand almost completely encircling the hard organ, his
bathing suit prevent me from touching the hot flesh.  I moaned in his mouth as
his fingers began to play over my pussy, one finger pushing my bathing suit
between my pussy lips, moving up and down.  I shuddered in expectation as it
moved up until it finally came to my clit.  I bit his lip, a small cry coming
from his lips as his finger found the hard bud only partially protected by the
tiny garment. 

	Michael could feel her hand stroking his cock, his fingers returning the
favor, mutual masturbation as they kissed passionately.  She had bit his lip as
he found her clit, the pleasure she was giving him with her hand far outweighing
the small amount of pain of the bite.  Michael pulled away from their kiss as he
heard the others coming back into the room.  "I think we better wait until the
others leave," he whispered in her ear, his tongue following the sound, moving
sensuously inside her ear.

	I shivered as his tongue played with my ear.  This always gave me
goosebumps and with his hand rubbing my pussy, I thought I would cum.  I saw the
others coming over, but I had to.  "Not before I do this," and my hand moved
from his cock, pulling down the top of his suit until I grabbed the naked, hard
cock, my hand wrapped tightly around it.  "After the others leave, I am going to
take your cock in my mouth until you cum, think about that for now," my hand
stroking it for a minute before finally releasing it, his suit moving back to
cover the now erect organ.  I could not believe I said that.  I had tried oral
sex before, but did not like it.  My partners were always pushing my head down
on their cocks until I choked on it.  They always tried to force me to swallow
it, but I always pulled it out before they came, making them cum with my hand,
shooting their cum all over as their cocks spurted.  Now I had told him that I
would suck his cock and swallow his cum.  The thought of it excited me.  I could
see me, naked, on my knees before him, my lips wrapped around his cock as I
sucked him dry.  I arched up my hips from the tub, pushing my pussy harder
against his fingers.  Suddenly his finger was gone, my legs closing in response
as we both leaned back in the tub as if nothing had happened.  Thank goodness
the hot water made their skin flushed, otherwise there would have been no excuse
for their flushed bodies.

	Michael looked at her, responding to her statement with his eyes.  The
other couples stayed near the tub, talking to Michael and Jessica as they sat. 
Michael was afraid to move out of the tub, his cock still jutting out the front
of his bathing suit.  As the couples moved away, Jessica stood up, handing
Michael a towel to place in front of himself.

	"I thought you might need this," giggling as I passed by him, making
sure my hips rubbed sensuously against his still hard cock.  I stepped out of
the tub, but not before I caught a glimpse of Michael's cock still hard, tenting
his suit. 

	Michel moved close to her and whispered into her ear, "I'm going to hold
you to that, your mouth I mean.  Smile at the others as I think of you sucking
my cock," grinning as she turned red in embarrassment. 

	The sun set and the others began to leave.  First one couple, looking
over at Michael as they did, smiling seductively.   Finally the last couple
left, the leaving rather rushed by Michael, his expectations showing.  As the
door shut, I moved towards Michael.  I pressed my body up against his, my lips
crushing his, my tongue already moving inside his mouth.  His hands moved behind
me, grabbing my ass tightly, pushing me up against his hard cock.  My hand moved
down between them, once again finding his hard organ and squeezing it tightly. 
"The only thing that is going to come between your cock and my mouth is my
tongue.  Shall we go into the living room?  I want to suck your cock so bad."  I
released his cock, pulling him towards the couch in the living room.  "Standing
or sitting," nervously saying, not sure exactly what I had got myself into, but
not willing to back down.  I was going to get fucked tonight, one way or
another. 

	"I like standing, I want to see your eyes as your mouth sucks my cock,"
bolding stating his attentions.

 	I kneeled down in front of Michael.  I could only imagine how it looked,
kneeling so submissively, my face only inches from his cock.  I didn't know how
this whole situation had come about.  I had never really liked to suck a guys
cock and now here I was, ready to do just that, and to top it all off, I was
going to swallow his cum.  My hands reached out, taking his suit and pulling it
down, my eyes watching as his cock was slowly revealed.  I let it fall to the
floor, Michael making no attempt to do anything but stand there, his cock now
jutting out proudly.  I felt my pulse race as I had Michael's cock in front of
my face.  It was thick, long, and the mushroom shaped head was swollen from
longing for her all day.  I saw the tip was covered with shiny precum that made
my mouth water.  I looked up to see him looking down at me, his cock craving for
my sweet lips to wrap around it.

 	"I've wanted to do this to you since the first day I laid my eyes on
you," I said, softly wrapping my hands on his cock.

	"I didn't think you saw me like that.  Well I'm more than ready for you
Jessica," he replied beginning to pant.

	I grabbed Michael's cock and slipped the enlarged head in my mouth as my
tongue licked his precum.
	
	  Michael felt the suction of her mouth increasing as she put more of
her mouth on his cock.  He looked down as he watched this precious sight.  This
beautiful young girl taking his cock inch by inch into her lovely mouth.  He
felt his emotions stir with heat as he heard Jessica's lips moving up and down
the shaft of his cock.

	I moved my eyes up to look at him as he smiled down at me, grabbing my
silky hair, pushing my mouth more onto his hard cock.  I felt his strong hand
behind my head as he led me to the rhythm that he desired.  I felt my mouth as
it was completely filled with Michael's huge cock.  I could feel the veins of
his cock as I slithered my tongue on it.  I bobbed my head up and down the long
and thick cock, savoring each taste and feel. 

	Michael looked deeply into her eyes, feeling so close to a climax.  He
loved the way Jessica was sucking him off.  He couldn't believe how excited he
was.  Ever since his wife, no other woman had been able to get him so fired up,
so aroused.  Now here he was enjoying this moment of unbelievable pleasure with
this young sexy girl.

	I continued to suck him, moving my head around in circular motion making
him love it all.  I pulled his cock out of my mouth as he suddenly stopped his
heavy breathing and looked down at mer to see why I'd stopped.  I smiled up at
him with saliva all over my pretty lips, my tongue running sensuously over them
before I proceeded to start sucking on his balls.

	I was surprised at myself.  I'd never sucked on a guy's cock and loved
it so much and now I was sucking on a guy's balls!  I felt Michael's heavy balls
as I smacked my lips on them.  I licked them, sucked them and just nibbled on
them.  I could hear Michael moan in ecstasy as I devoured his balls in my mouth.

	Michael was so ready to cum, he wanted to finish off in Jessica's hungry
mouth.  He grabbed her hair lightly once again and made her look up at him.  He
could see her eyes fluttering with enjoyment.  "It's time.  It's time to take my
cum in your mouth.  I want you to swallow it," he said breathlessly, as he moved
her mouth back to his cock.

	It only took a few more strokes of my lips to make Michael spurt his
hot, salty cum in Jessica's mouth.  Michael felt his hands shake as he held on
to Jessica's hair keeping her on his cock until he finished his indulgence.

	I felt the hot liquid hit the back of my throat instantly. I shuddered
at first, tasting this new delicious flavor that this wonderful man had to offer
me.  I had a hard time at first, but eventually managed to gulp all of Michael's
hot cum.

	Michael looked down at her as she swallowed his load.  He loved how such
a gorgeous and sweet innocent looking girl could want him this bad.  He was
ready to show her just how much he wanted her.  Her lips ran over his cock as he
pulled the softening organ from her mouth, cleaning it, it already beginning to
harden again. 
	
	"Let's go to the bedroom.  It's only fair that I get a chance to taste
the sweet nectar of your pussy."  He offered his arms, helping her to get off
her knees, drawing her to him, his lips meeting hers.  Their tongues intertwined
again, this time mixing his salty cum between their mouths, their new bond
between them.  As they walked towards the bedroom, Michael allowed his hands to
move towards her top, unsnapping the top, Jessica pausing to allow him.  They
let it fall to the floor, her pert breasts topped with pink nipples, hard and
erect, her areolas a dark brown, contrasting the alabaster skin that had been
hidden from the sun.  His finger flicked at one nipple, watching as it shuddered
as they walked.
	
	I stopped before the bed, the huge bed that so intrigued me before.  I
felt Michael behind me, holding my breath, waiting for him to proceed.  I did
not have long to wait, his hand moving down an encircling my waist from behind,
moving over the flat, taut stomach.  I shuddered as his cock pushed against my
ass.  I had always thought about anal sex, but my prior lovers were so
inexperienced or selfish, I was afraid of asking.  What would Michael be like? 
Would it hurt?  My mind shifted back to reality as his hand began to slip down
the front of my suit bottom, not having to proceed far before he discovered my
pussy was bald.  His fingers hesitated, unsure at first and then proceeded to
push between my wet pussy lips and move down.  My legs almost gave out,
Michael's hand between my legs keeping me upright.
	
	Michael felt her body shudder and surrender as his fingers found her
naked pussy, surprised, as he found no hair.  He couldn't wait to see it, her
naked, bald pussy.  She was already so young, she would even look younger,
almost a child with a bald pussy.  His cock sprang to erection at the thought,
pushing hard against her ass.   He had to see her, his hands quickly slipping
the suit to the floor, his cock slapping against her naked ass cheeks.  "Lay
down in the center of the bed.  Spread your legs, show me your pussy," he
ordered her.
	
	I moved up on the bed, almost ashamed at how I looked from behind,
naked, on my knees, scooting across the expanse of the bed, my pussy and asshole
exposed to his gaze.  I could feel the juice running down my thigh, hoping that
Michael did not see how excited I was, knowing that soon he would find out, his
tongue would lap at my sex.  I turned over, propping a pillow up behind my head,
wanting to be able to see him as he sucked on my pussy.  I looked up at him and
watched his eyes as I slowly spread my legs, knowing my pussy was being exposed,
seeing the lust in those dark blue eyes.  My thighs separated and I moved my
legs up, bending them at the knee until my knees were almost pulled back against
my chest and then let them fall to the side, my pussy lips slowly pulling back. 
I had never been so exposed, my eyes still watching his, mesmerized by the lust
I could see in them.  I longed to look down at his cock, but I already knew from
his eyes how I was affecting him.  I'm not sure why, but my fingers reached down
to my pussy lips and began to pull them open, two fingers pulling back my clit
hood, the red, hard bud sticking out like a miniature cock.  I felt like a
whore, exposing myself so blatantly.  "Do you see anything you would like to
eat? I said boldly, almost wishing I could take it back once I said it.
	
	Michael did not have to be asked twice.  He clamored onto the bed moving
between her legs, feeling her hands reaching for his head as he moved between
her thighs, his tongue already extended, searching out her pussy.  He paused for
a moment, inhaling in the scent of this delicious girl, the beautiful fragrance
of a woman sexually excited.   His tongue pushed between her pussy lips, still
held wide by her fingers.  Her body jumped as if she was jolted by electricity
as his tongue made contact with her super-heated body.  Her fingers released her
pussy lips in shock, his tongue trapped between her swollen lips, the fragrance
of her juices mixing onto his tongue.  His tongue moved up and down her slit,
gently lapping up her juices.
	
	"Oh, GGODD," I moaned, grabbing Michael's head tighter, pushing him
further between my legs.  The few lovers I had were not willing to go down on
me, usually too busy trying to get me to suck their cocks and then to
disinterested in my orgasm after they were satisfied.  It felt like electricity
shooting through my body each time his rough tongue ran over my slit.  I wasn't
sure how long I could last, but sensed that he also felt that.  Each time I
thought I would explode, his tongue would slow down, pausing, dragging out the
feeling.   Then it would begin again to explore me, each time seeking out a new
part of my sex, first my slit, then pushing into my vagina, feeling like a mini
cock pushing into me, spreading me open.  My body arched up from the bed,
transmitting my desire for his tongue to play across my clit.  I did not have to
wait long.  I nearly jumped out of my skin as he sucked my clit into his mouth,
his lips grabbing it tightly, his tongue playing over the end of it. 
"GGGGODDDDDD, pllllleeeeeassssse mooooooooorrrrrrree," I cried out as his tongue
lashed out on my swollen clit, bathing it as it ran sensuously back and forth
over it.  Just when I thought I was about to cum, he again denied me the
pleasure, keeping me on the brink of it.  My mind wandered as he continued to
lightly play with my body, keeping me sexually charged but denying me my
ultimate pleasure.
	
	Michael kept her on the edge.  She was so hot, his tongue bringing her
to the brink of orgasm, then keeping her there.  Each time he sought out new
territory to explore.  He hands reached down under her, raising her hips off of
the bed, his fingers exploring her ass cheeks, searching out the split between
them.  He moved his fingers between, pulling them apart, exposing her tiny
asshole.  He had to taste her, taste her asshole.  He felt her body tighten up
as his tongue slid down, moving close to his target.  "Relax, let me taste all
of you," he said as he moved back until his tongue ran over her tiny asshole. 
Her body shivered in expectation and she cried out, her fingers pushed into her
mouth to stifle the noise.
	
	I never felt anything like it.  His wet tongue ran heavily over my
exposed asshole, knowing that his eyes were only inches from me, his nose
banging against me, inhaling my scent.  I could imagine how I looked, almost
embarrassed to be so exposed, but also so excited, knowing that he was doing
this to me to please me.  I felt his fingers moving back to my clit, rubbing the
hard bud as his tongue began to push inside me.  I pushed out on my asshole,
allowing him access inside my private orifice, his tongue grabbed tightly by my
sphincter.  I could now imagine how it would feel to have a cock inside my
asshole and I was determined that Michael would be the one to do it to me.  I
knew he would be gentle, waiting until I was ready to accept all of his manhood. 
Today I would lose the virginity of my asshole.  His tongue moved around inside
me, his fingers played with my clit.  I was ready to cum and this time Michael
was not going to stop me.  His fingers and tongue continued their oral assault
on my body, his tongue running back and forth between my asshole and my pussy. 
I grabbed his head tightly and pushed him deep between my thighs.  Harder then I
probably should have, but unable to control my emotions.  The most incredible
orgasm hit my body as his fingers and tongue played with my body.  "EEEEEHH, Oh
God, AAAHHHH." 
	
	Michael felt her orgasm, his head trapped between her thighs, gripping
him tightly, not allowing him to move even if he wanted to.  His tongue licked
at her pussy, her pussy juice flowing freely, covering his face with a shiny
glow.  She continued to bounce around the bed in ecstasy, pumping her hips onto
his face, not caring any longer, moaning in pleasure.  His tongue found her clit
again, pulling it tightly into his mouth, sending her over the top again, a
second and third shiver running through her body.
	
	I couldn't believe that he could make me cum so much and so hard.  I was
afraid to look down as I released his head from between my thighs.  Embarrassed
to see his face.  His head slowly raised up, his mouth covered with my slick
juices, a strange smile on his face.
	
	"Kiss me, taste how good you taste," Michael ordered her, moving up to
move his lips onto hers.
	
	I ran my tongue over his lips, wiping my juices from them, tasting my
sweet cum.  It tasted good, like his cum, my tongue returning to gather some
more.  "Thank you, thank you for making me cum so hard," getting brave, my body
relaxed.
	
	"There's more, I still have a very hard cock."
	
	"Give me a second to catch my breath and I will take care of it.  I want
to be on top.  I want to take your cock inside you and fuck you like you ate me
making you cum so hard."  I smiled at him, my hand reaching for his cock,
slowing encircling the head of it and began to stroke it.  "I will take care of
this."
	
	As I stroked his cock, feeling the hot flesh beneath my fingers pulsate,
my pussy begin to get wet again in anticipation.  Though I was not a virgin, I
knew that this was going to be different.  I got up on my knees and scooted over
his hips, my legs on each side, spread wide.  I looked down, my face flushed, I
was so open.  My pussy lips were spread wide, my juices still glistening on the
pink flesh.  His cock bobbed before me, my hand again grasping the hard member,
feeling it jerk in anticipation of entering me.  I scooted forward a little and
lay down on his upper chest, letting my nipples slowly run over his chest, the
hard buds scraping sensuously over him.  I reached down between us, my fingers
gripping his cock tightly, it jerking in response.  I rub the head of his cock
up and down my pussy slit, making sure that it moved all the way up to my clit. 
"MMMMM," I moaned as the hot head touched my clit flesh, "yeeess," my hands
pushing hard onto the cock, rubbing my clit nub.  "I can't wait any longer," my
hand moving the cock to my pussy, lining up the cock.  I pushed down, the head
of the cock suddenly entering me harder then I had planned, but unable to stop
it.  "OOOOHHH, YYYEAAAHH," my hips pushing down harder, feeling you push up,
unable to control your desire any longer.
	
	Michael could not longer control himself.  Her hot pussy gripped the
head of his cock so tight, he had to get all the way inside her.  He felt her
hesitate, his hips rising up to continue, feeling her pussy pulsate on his cock
as it pushed deeper into her gripping flesh.  It was almost as if she was a
virgin, so tight and hot.  "Push down, take me deeper."
	
	I sat up on his cock, feeling it so tight inside me.  I slipped forward
at his request, taking the cock inside me deeper.  "OOOHHH, yyyeees," jerking my
hips forward until almost all of him was buried inside me.  I looked down, only
an inch of cock outside me and I began to roll my hips, his cock moving around
inside me.  I felt his hands move up to my breasts, his fingers taking the hard
nipples between them, rubbing the hard tips between his soft fingers, making my
body move the same way.  I pulled back on my ass, his cock pulling out until
only my tight pussy gripped the head.  I pushed back hard, his cock almost
taking all of the breath out of me as I was completely filled.  It had never
been like this before, being able to control the hot cock inside me, fucking him
instead of being fucked.  "Oh, it's so big, big, but I love it," jerking back
and forth, loving the feeling of it filling me up each time.  I gripped his cock
as it pulled from my wet pussy, relaxing as I forced it back it, feeling it hit
deep inside me with each thrust.
	
	Her pussy was so hot and tight, it had been a long time since he had
felt anything that good.  Michael felt her gripping it as it pulled from her,
her juices letting it slide effortlessly.  He felt the head of his cock gripped
before she pushed back in again, fucking herself on his hard cock.  He did not
know how much longer he could hold out.  One hand moved down over her stomach,
moving over her clit, a finger rubbing the hard bud, it now red and swollen.  He
gripped it tightly between his fingers and pulled it down until it rubbed
against his cock.  Jessica jerked up on her body, giving him easier access.  His
cock now rubbed over the bud as she fucked his cock in and out of her pussy. 
"Can you cum for me, Jessica?"
	
	"Oh, God, yeeees," my hips jerking back and forth, his cock fucking
inside me, "yyeees, nnnooow."  I gripped his cock with my pussy, the orgasm
overcoming me, my pussy clenching and unclenching on the hot cock inside me.  I
felt it jerk and begin to shoot, feeling his hot juice shoot deep inside of me,
mixing with my juices.  It felt like a river filling me, not sure whether it was
he or I.  "YYYEESS," another orgasm hitting me as he continued to pump up on his
hips, fucking his cock in and out of me, refusing to stop, filling me with his
hot cum. 
	
	Michael felt like he had emptied a river of his cum inside of her.  He
could see it running back out onto his softening cock.  He pulled it from her
pussy and she collapsed on top of him, her breathing ragged.  He let his hand
rub through her hair, pushing it from her face.  "That was beautiful, I have
never felt like that before."
	
	I looked up at him, exhausted and satisfied as he touched me tenderly. 
"Thank you Michael," kissing his lips tenderly, "you made me very happy."  We
lay together, me still on top of him, are breathing almost unseparable.  It took
me almost fifteen minutes to regain my normal breathing, my heart still racing. 
"I'm going to take a shower, maybe I can interest you in some more after,"
teasing him as I ran from the room, naked, our cum running down my thighs as I
moved.  I jumped in the shower, making sure I left the door open, looking to
make sure that Michael was watching.  He was.
	
	I stepped into the huge shower, which was completely covered with glass.
I turned the shower knobs, which were a sterling silver color. I was so ready to
clean up and get ready for more of Michael's touch, his feel. I let the warm
water hit my skin as I still shivered from the lovemaking that had happened. My
hair little by little began to drench and I felt my body become wet. I grabbed
the soap that had a fresh country scent to it and lathered it up on my still
shaky hands.  I ran the soapsuds all over my naked body. I could still feel
Michael's touch and caresses running all though me.
	
	I was almost losing myself in my own thoughts when I heard the shower
door open. I turned around and smiled looking at Michael standing naked once
again, his cock hard. His blue lustful eyes pierced at me. I knew he wanted more
of me.  He wanted to discover all of me.  I was not going to stop him.  I wanted
this night to go on forever.
	
	My heart raced just like the first time I saw him.  He moved closer to
me putting his arms around me.  His hold was so warm and so tender.  He gently
kissed my neck as he ran his hands up and down my ass.

	"Mmmmm, your all wet for me now.  You knew I'd be joining you, didn't
you?"  He whispered in my ear as he started to nibble on it.

	I laughed softly enjoying his touch.  "Yes I knew you'd come for more. 
Tell me what you want Michael.  I'll give you anything."

	I felt him grab my ass cheeks hard as his heavy breathing began to
tickle the back of my neck.  "I want to slide my cock in your ass Jessica.  Can
I, please?"  His hands continued to rub my behind.

	I started to feel somewhat fearful, but yet so intrigued.  I'd never
done anal sex because I'd been so scared.   But somehow Michael was so calming
and his words and touch soothed me.  Did he know just how much power he had over
me? 

	"Yes, Michael.  Take me. I'm all yours."  I leaned back to get a
passionate wet kiss from his lips.

	I felt Michael move his hands up to my breasts as he pinched my nipples
getting my pussy juices stirring again.  He trailed kisses down my neck and onto
my back slowly and seductively.  He moved his body down kissing lower and lower
down my body.  My trembling hands held on to the shower walls.  By the time I
knew it, Michael was on his knees as he spread my legs open.  He started to eat
my pussy from behind. 

	I closed my eyes in this wonderful ecstasy.  I was weak at the knees
again as I felt his tongue swirl on my pussy.  I let out my moans of pleasure
immediately.  Then all of a sudden, I felt something so different.  I felt
Michael glide his tongue down to my asshole.  My body jittered as I experienced
this strange but blissful stroke.

	His tongue so wet, making my tight hole so slick.  This new discovery
was making me want him inside me more.  I could faintly hear his lips smacking
between my ass cheeks as he spread them open with his strong hands. 

	Michael could see Jessica's pink wrinkled little asshole ready to be
deflowered.  He loved the way she tasted from behind as he was enjoying burying
his face in her warm little ass.  He could feel her clench her little hole as he
licked it and now was starting to finger it.  Jessica moaned more as he moved
his finger inside her.  She felt so hot inside.  God, he couldn't wait to get
into that hot little ass.

	Michael slowly raised his body up with kisses.  He held this precious
girl in his arms again, never wanting to let her go.  He inserted his finger in
her warm pussy hole feeling it get soaked by her honey.  She gasped as his
finger made circles in her cunt.   Michael then proceeded to slide his finger
out and then slip it in her asshole to get it lubricated with her own juices.

	"I love the way you feel," I heard him murmur quietly.

	I was left speechless and so curious of how this was all going to feel. 
I felt Michael's cock touch my thighs wetting my skin with his precum.  I then
felt a sharp hard feeling from behind.  I closed my eyes in pain at first as he
was easing his cock in my asshole.  I let my painful moans slip out.  He seemed
to have stopped briefly.

	"I'm sorry baby. It's hurting you too much," Michael said in a concerned
voice.

	"No, please don't stop. I want you to do this to me. I told you I'm all
yours and I meant it."

	"Your so precious Jessica. I've had some of the most precious moments
with you than I have ever had with anyone else."

	His words were making me hunger for him.  I wanted to just scream at him
and tell him to jam that cock up my asshole and cum hard in me.  I know he was
being gentle because he cared about me.  God I was falling in love!

	Michael continued to fit his cock in me.  Little by little I felt his
inches slide in as my tight hole, slowly swallowing his size.  I felt myself
begin to relax so he could guide himself with more ease into me. 

	"That's right, relax.  Bend over just a bit more," he ordered as I
started to lean my body down to give him complete access to my virgin hole.

	My hands were still holding on to the shower walls as the water was
dripping down my back and onto our connection.   Finally Michael eased his prick
in me letting me experience my first anal fuck.  He slowly went in and out of my
puckered little hole.  I kept feeling pleasure and pain at the same time.

	"Oh fuck! You feel incredible!" He blurted out.  Michael couldn't
believe how wonderful Jessica felt.  He felt her wet young body as he held on to
her small hips as he rammed his cock in and out of this incredibly tight ass. 
He was deep inside her now, completely taking away any innocence she had left.

	Jessica shut her eyes tightly, feeling Michael's monster open her up. 
It felt strange, but yet she was starting to like it.  By the time she knew it,
Jessica was now moaning cries of arousal as Michael fucked her. 

	Michael was now entirely fired up.  He felt his balls swell up, knowing
that he was the one and only guy to fuck Jessica's asshole.  He moved his hands
down from behind as Jessica felt his hands brush against her stomach.  He
managed to get one hand between her thighs and the other one was kept on her
waist to hold her in place.  With his free hand, he jammed two fingers up her
aching pussy.

	Jessica gasped hard as she was surprised by the sudden entry of his
fingers up her cunt.  She tossed her head back as their lips met.  Their kiss
was wild now as the slobbered all over each other.  Michael licked her face
gently as he felt himself begin to cum.

	"Jessica, I'm gonna cum. Oh fuck I'm gonna cum hard!" Michael rasped.

	"Yes babe, cum in me. Make me take your hot cum up my ass," she found
herself speaking out her desires.

	"Cum with me Jessica. Oh let my fingers make you cum."

	As I listened to Michael's words in his breathless voice, I found myself
coming to an amazing climax.  His fingers were buried in my cunt hole as I felt
my body tense up, having yet another phenomenal orgasm. 

	I felt Jessica's body quiver in enjoyment and I felt my own body tighten
as I spurted my cum up her little pink hole.  My cum gushed like a water dam
erupting inside this sweet, beautiful girl.  We came together, it was an
absolutely precious moment.

	After Michael came in me, he kept his cock inside as it softened.  He
laid he head on my shoulder from behind me as he caught his breath.  He kissed
my neck and held me close again.  Even though the shower water was still
running, I swear I could hear out heartbeats racing rapidly simultaneously.

	"You were so wonderful. You think we could do this again soon?" Michael
asked as he was now turning me to face him.

	I looked up at him with, glaring at his gorgeous blue eyes. "I would
love to."

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone Jessy19


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





