BDSM Library - Partners




Partners
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: There is a reason people are always warned against going into partnerships.  When things go wrong, they go very wrong. When Robert Miller tried to end his business partnership, he wasn't expecting that his wife and daughter would pay the price for his failed attempt to go it alone.
The following is fiction and intended only for ADULT AUDIENCES!. Only those of
legal adult age, and allowed by community standards to read extreme content are
permitted to read this material.

Any republication or reposting of this story without the express permission of
the author is prohibited.

       Thank you.   Semiater	



Any comments maybe be sent to semiater@yahoo.com




       		Partners

					

					Chapter 1-Day One



	"Honey, I'm home."  Robert walked into his huge suburban home after
returning from an extended business trip.  He was the founder, and chief
executive, at a large financial company. 

	"Honey, it's me."  He looked around quizzically.  His wife stayed home
with their three daughters, and her car was still in the drive, he couldn't
figure out where she'd be. 

	Robert walked into the kitchen and opened the oven.  There wasn't
anything cooking. 

	"Susan, Jamie, Melissa?"  He called out into the empty house.  Even the
dog wasn't there to greet him.  "Are you girls around?"  Robert walked into the
den and tossed his jacket over the chair. 

	"Girls?  Anybody home?"  Robert walked back into the family room.  He
thought maybe they were at the neighbors, or around the block?  Robert looked
out into the backyard.  There was a high privacy fence on either side of the
yard, forest buffeted the back of the property.  There wasn't anybody in the
pool.

	SportsCenter was on, and if the girls weren't around, he could catch it
on the big TV. 

       As he picked up the remote from the end table he noticed the videotape on
his footstool.  His heart stopped as he picked it up.  There was a note on the
tape:

 	WATCH THIS BUDDY!

	He couldn't breathe as he inserted the tape into the VCR.  The screen
was filled with snow for a few minutes, and then a face appeared on the screen. 
A face he thought he'd never see again.  It was his ex-partner Rod.  Rod was his
ex-partner because he was supposed to be dead.  Robert had arranged it, he
thought he'd...

	"Hello Robert old Buddy.  Guess you're surprised to see me?  I would be
too if I were you.  After all, isn't that what you'd paid those fellows to do,
to kill me?  Hey, they almost succeeded."  The camera zoomed in on his neck. 
There was a grotesque scar across the skin.

	"Next time, you want to hire somebody who makes sure.  After all, I was
always the resilient one, remember?"  The camera zoomed out as he lifted his
T-Shirt.  "I guess I have you to thank for this too!"  There was another huge
scar across his belly. 

       "They tried Robert, they really did, left me for dead in a ditch and all. 
In a way, I'm thankful to you.  Had your boys not done such a poor job in trying
to off me, I wouldn't have met my friends here."  The camera spun around and
showed a room full of bikers, huge, hairy, tattooed, wild looking bikers.  They
all stood around in some old warehouse. 

	"These fellows are going to help me make it all up to you Buddy.  Sorry
about the poor production quality of the tape, we're going to have too much fun
to worry about the quality of the editing till later.  Maybe we'll send you a
finished copy at the end.  You're family will be stars by then, and we'll all be
happy?"  Robert's breath stopped and he went pale, he nearly passed out.

	"Oh, that's right, I haven't told you the good part yet.  I have your
lovely wife and daughters with me."  The camera panned out and took in the rest
of the warehouse.  Robert could see his naked wife, and his daughters, but he
didn't want to believe what he saw. 

	The camera moved in on the tear stained face of his wife.  She was
beautiful, at 37 she kept herself in great shape.  She was 5'7" tall and had
been a teenage beauty queen.  She'd retained the looks of a beauty even after
she'd given birth to their 3 daughters.  She swam miles in the pool to keep her
figure svelte and toned.  A rope dug into her mouth acting as a gag.  Robert
could see the drool running down her cheeks.  Her forearms were tied down to the
arms of the chair.  Her feet were spread and tied to either leg of the chair. 
The camera zoomed in to show a close up of her pussy.  She sat in a pool of
liquid. 

	Rod leaned down into the lens, blocking out the image of Roberts wife as
he talked into the camera. 

	"Your wife had a little accident, oops.  Viper was a little careless
with the knife."  The camera focused in on his wife's hips, and then up to her
breasts.  There were thin red cuts on her skin where the knife had been used to
cut off her clothes.  Rod took center stage on the screen and began talking
again. 

	"I'll be more careful with your daughters."  The camera moved to a table
on which all three girls laid.  Each was hogtied.  Their wrists were pulled
behind their backs and their ankles were tied to their wrists.  The each girl's
knees were lifted up off the table slightly, and their chest's were arched up
due to the tie job.  They were gagged with pieces of cloth.  The three could
have passed for triplets had it not been for their size difference.  They were
all blond like their mother.  Susan, the oldest, her breasts had grown ample. 
Not excessively large, but nothing to complain about.  Jamie and Melissa would
probably develop similarly as they filled out.  Each of the girls had the same
facial features, there were no inherent flaws.  Susan was already the lust
object of all her classmates, and older college boys alike.  Jamie and Melissa
were already learning the ropes of how to use boys to get what they wanted.  The
three girls looked like young Barbie dolls, perfect copies of their mother. 

	"I think we should take the gags out and hear them sing.  They had such
beautiful voices.  Remember when we all used to sing Christmas carols around
your living room?"  He pulled the gags out of girls' mouths one by one.  They
were on the table next to each other.  As he removed the gags each girl began
screaming.  Rod allowed it for a minute, then smacked the oldest girl with an
open hand.

	"Be quiet my darlings, it's going to be a long night, and you want to
save those pretty voices till you really need it." 

	Rod walked where the girls could be seen on the table behind him and
Robert's wife could be seen over his other shoulder. 

	"Let's get down to business Robert.  I'm not even going to go into how
mean it was of you to try and kill me."  Robert saw the man step back, he held a
large knife in his hand and reached down to Susan, Robert's oldest daughter. 
Her head spun wildly when she felt the cold metal touch her thigh and move up
under her shorts.  She began shaking and screaming madly. 

	"I just want what is-"The man's voice couldn't be heard over the girl's
screams.  The one side of her shorts were slit open.

	"Sorry Robert, one second."  He turned and knelt down in front of the
oldest daughter.  He cupped her chin in his hand.

	"Susan my dear, if you move around too much, I might just slip and cut
you.  I'm sure you wouldn't want that to happen, now would you?  And, if you
keep screaming, your dad won't be able to hear my instructions, and I guess he
won't be able to save that pretty body of yours.  Understand?"  Susan babbled
incoherently as he let go of her chin and walked back in front of the camera. 
Rod handed off the knife to Viper, one of the biker gang members.  Susan didn't
scream anymore as the other side of her shorts were away cut and then pulled
from her body, leaving her only in her pink panties. 

	"Sorry for the interruption Robert, let's get back to our talk.  Now,
where were we?  Oh, that's right.  I was telling you about how I'm not even
going to ask one cent for you trying to kill me, I just want what's mine.  After
all, it was me who worked 90-100 hrs a week to promote the business while you
went home to your beautiful wife and fucked her brains out."  He lifted his
right arm and pointed to Robert's wife naked in the chair behind him.  "And you
had that time to produce these lovely girls."  He raised his left hand and
pointed to the three beauties hogtied on the table.  Susan was now only in her
bra and panties, Jamie had had her shorts removed.  Susan's large breasts were
squeezed tight into her bra and bulged against the table. 

	"Oh, I'll give you your due, it was your idea, and your capital, but it
was my hard work that made for the ultimate success of the company, so all I
want is my half."

	Robert's youngest daughter, the 13yr Melissa began screaming behind the
man on the screen. 

	"Looking at the newspaper Robert, the-"

	"Damnit Viper, will you shut her up, I'm trying to discuss business with
their dad right now!"  Robert saw the huge tattooed man with the knife move away
from his work, cutting off Susan's panties, and stood in front of Melissa.  With
a heavy backhand he slapped her across the face and she went quiet. 

	"Thanks Viper!  Robert, let me continue, looking at the valuation of
your, oops, I mean our company.  With the assets, and expected revenues, I
wager, conservatively of course, its worth, oh, let's got with a round number
and say around $110M?  Would you agree with me?  Well, as partners, I guess that
means my share is about $55M, so, to cut to the point of all this, I want my
share, my half.  My deserved share of our company."

	"But I can't-"

	"Relax Bob, I know you can't come up with that kind of cash right away,
so, I have some entertainment planned to keep your family occupied."  The camera
zoomed past the man and focused on Robert's now naked daughters as they lay
hogtied on the table.  They didn't scream, but Robert could hear their sobbing. 

	The camera moved back to Rod.  "My, they are a beautiful set.  I would
really hate to see anything happen to them, don't you agree?"  Screams erupted
in the background.  The camera panned over and focused in on Susan's prone body. 
There was a woman behind Susan with a hand up between her legs, the woman's
fingers were probing Susan's sex.  The woman pulled her fingers out, smiled at
Rod and gave the thumbs down sign. 

	"Oh Robert, I'm sorry.  Your little Susan isn't a virgin.  I would love
to take the responsibility, I mean, I'd have loved to claim that I rammed my
cock in her virgin hole, but she did that all on her own, so don't blame us. 
Maybe it was in your bed when you and the wife were out of town?  Do you think? 
Have you been watching the boys she's been dating lately?" 

	That camera flashed again to the woman, she was between Jamie's legs. 
Jamie's head was turned trying to see, she was screaming like a banshee.  The
woman flashed the thumbs up sign. 

	"Oh, good news Robert, Jamie is still a virgin.  That's good, 15, no,
what, 14 and 1/2 year old.  That's far too young to start having sex, at least
with those horny high school boys." 

	Robert heard Melissa screaming.  The camera focused in on her contorted
face as she tried to twist back and see what was happening between her legs. 
The camera moved up slightly and showed the woman groping the young girl.  The
woman smiled and flashed another thumbs up.

	"Thumbs up Robert, I'm so glad.  13 is much too young to be having sex,
and 2 out of 3, that isn't bad.  I suppose that says something good about your
parenting skills?  Keeping them away from sex and all?"  The camera focused in
on Rod's face.  Melissa's babbling could be heard behind him.

	"Don't worry, we won't rape your virginal little girls, not yet.  Raping
them, isn't in the program till day two or three, so you have time.  I'll even
be a good guy and not take Susan till later, even though she has experience
already."  He tilted his head to the side.  "Then again?  Oh, I don't know,
we'll do it impulsively.  Too much planning otherwise, that was never my strong
suit, remember?"  He smiled, it was contrived, but appeared completely natural. 
That's what had made Rod such a force in the business.   

	"But your wife on the other hand?"  The camera moved to the left and the
bound woman on the chair.  Her breasts shook as she sobbed. 

	The camera panned back and took in the crowd of waiting bikers.  They
had begun removing their clothes.  Robert heard his daughters begin screaming
again.  Then he heard three distinct smacks and they went quiet. 

	"My, my Robert, look at those cocks.  Has your wife ever had anything
that big?  Don't forget, we used to play racquetball together at the club, so I
know yours isn't that size.  Even after a cold shower, shrinkage wouldn't
account for that much size loss.

	The camera focused in on one man's huge cock, he wasn't hard yet, and
still it hung like a horses. 

	"And Robert, Monster isn't even here yet, is he boys?"  The crowd of men
roared no. 

	"Robert, you'll even have to be impressed when Monster shows up.  I know
your tastes definitely run to women, but boys will be boys, we're always
comparing ourselves at some level, and Monster's cock, I'm sure you'll even have
to let out a gasp when you see it.  Just think what your wife would be letting
out when she sees him?"  The camera focused back on Robert's terrified wife. 
Tears rolled down her face.  Her make up streaked. 

	"But Robert, as you've seen, the guys, they're not hard yet, and you're
wife, she's going to be too busy on her back to get them ready."  Rod walked to
the table where Robert's daughters lay hogtied.  His hips came to the level of
their faces. 

	"My, my, my, the perfect height Robert.  I think we've solved our
problem.  Have you ever heard of fluffers Robert?  Oh, I'm sure you have, those
girls on porno sets who get the guys hard off camera.  It looks like we have
three fluffers right here ready and waiting."  All three girls blubbered
incoherently, Susan the loudest, she knew what was going to happen. 

	"Well, let me get this out before I become too aroused to continue. 
After all, didn't you used to say that I always thought with my prick?"  He
unzipped his pants and let them fall to the floor.  His large cock flopped out,
standing erect, jutting from his body.  He was standing right before Susan, her
eyes locked on the raging prick, Jamie and Melissa screamed in the background.

	"You know, the gang, they were kind enough to vote me first dibs on each
of the girls, so here it goes."  He slammed forward into Susan's waiting mouth. 
Bound the way she was, there was nothing she could do to escape.  Rod moaned in
pleasure as Susan's tight, unwilling, mouth took in his member. 

	Robert could hear Susan gagging as Rod pulled free from her mouth and
looked back at the camera. 

	"$55M Robert, I want it, and I want it soon.  I don't know, or care how
you get it."  He slammed forward into Jamie's mouth.  Her face went red as he
was impaled in her throat.  Rod moaned, arching his head back, he savored her
young mouth on his virile cock.  He pulled out quickly and turned to the camera. 

	"Almost lost it there Robert.  You've got some good young cocksuckers
here."  He reached down and took Melissa's head in his hand and turned her face
so she was looking at the camera.  Tears streamed down her cheeks, her eyes were
puffy from crying.

	"Robert, let me be serious for a second.  In time, I, and the gang, we
will grow tired of fucking your little princesses."  He squeezed Melissa's jaw
in his fingers, the red marks were visible on her skin when she finally opened
her mouth and screamed.  Rod buried his cock in her mouth in an instant.  He
slammed forward, cutting all of her oxygen off for a second before he pulled out
and let go of her jaw. 

	"And, when we get tired of sex, well, I guess the only thing that will
be fun anymore is to see blood."  He ran his finger over Melissa's cheek, then
moved to his own throat and ran his hand over the scar. 

	"So, I hope I've made my position clear?  I want the money soon.  I know
you can't do it by tomorrow, so we'll have our little fun today, and then, in
tomorrow's tape, I'll tell you how to contact me."

	"Oh, one more thing, I'm sure you've figured this out already, but don't
go to the cops, and don't think you can find us.  You'd better worry more about
getting your hands on the money."  From beneath the table he lifted the family's
small dog and pulled out a knife. 

	"This is a warning to you Robert, and,"  He looked down at the girls,
their wide, terrified eyes stared up at him in silence.  "Girls, don't even
think about biting any of the gentlemen who have so magnanimously donated their
cocks to giving your daddy a show."  He slit the throat of the yelping dog. 
Blood shot everywhere and the girls started screaming.  Blood poured from the
dog's neck before he tossed it off camera.  His grin was maniacal.  With bloody
hands he touched each of the hogtied girl's foreheads.  They tried to recoil
from his touch, but couldn't.  A bright red mark was left on their foreheads
from the dog's blood.

	"Oh, Robert.  Sit back, watch, enjoy."  He took a towel Viper had
offered and cleaned his hands of the blood.  "I know you wouldn't want to miss
today's show.  So, sit back in that expensive chair and enjoy."  Behind Rod,
Robert could see his wife being untied from the chair.  Four men held her limbs
tight as she thrashed around.  They easily carried her to an old mattress thrown
on the floor to the right his daughters.  The rope gag was pulled free of her
mouth and she began screaming.  The men held her down, one at each ankle pulling
them wide to the floor.  Two held her arms above her head. 

	"Robert, looks like your darling is almost ready."  The man turned from
the camera and bent down to talk to the girls on the table one more time. 
Robert couldn't hear exactly what he said, but he did see the bloody blade
brought to Jamie's neck.  Robert turned up the volume on the TV, but he could
only make out a little over their blubbering.

	"You...not....think....I'll...kill.......Understand..."  Rod turned back
to the camera after giving his little pep talk to the girls.

	"Robert, I think we're about ready for the show."  The camera panned out
taking in his whole body.  His prick was large and erect.

	"As you can see, with the help of your little girls, I'm just about
ready to fuck your wife," he paused dramatically, running his hand through
Melissa's hair, "but I really, I have to feel your little girl's mouth around my
cock once again."  He bellied up to Melissa and thrust his cock in her face. 
Initially she tried to clamp her jaw shut, then Rod bent down, whispered in her
ear and squeezed shut her nostrils.  Closing her eyes, the girl reluctantly
opened her mouth and Rod thrust forward.  Robert watched the large cock slide
into her gagging mouth.  She tried to recoil, but Rod put his hand behind her
head and pulled her forward over his member. 

	His partner turned his head to the camera while he was still impaled in
Melissa's mouth.

	"It's not much work for her now Robert, I'm already hard and ready to
go, but later, after my guys have all cum once or twice in your wife's pussy,
you're little girls,"  he ran his hand through Melissa's hair, "later, this'll
be an important job."  He pulled out of Melissa's mouth.  Saliva trailed over
the head of his cock down over her chin. 

	Robert cringed as Rod slammed his cock back in Melissa's mouth.  Her
face was red.  He grasped the back of her head and forced himself completely in
the girl's mouth.  Robert didn't know how it was possible.  He could see the
bulge in her throat, she looked so small. 

	He pulled out of Melissa's mouth and turned once again to the camera. 
His prick was wet with the salvia of Robert's youngest daughter. 

	"Now for the real show Buddy.  I do hope you enjoy, I know I will."  He
fisted his erect cock.  "Think about how to get that money, and, oh, I suggest
you watch the whole of the videos we send.  I wouldn't want you to miss any of
the good stuff.  We might have to mix in some really interesting scenes near the
end to keep you tuned in."

	Rod saluted the camera and walked to where Robert's wife was being held
down.  Her arms and legs were pinned to the ground by four naked, massive,
tattooed men.  As Rod moved closer Roberts wife screamed louder and louder.  She
had lain in shocked horror when her girls had been forced to suck his cock. 
She'd laid with her head raised, eyes wide, mouth gaping watching her daughters
oral rapes, now she screamed as Robert's old partner fell to his knees between
her spread legs.  She fought in earnest against the men holding her, the muscles
of her arms and legs bulged as she fought for all she was worth to prevent the
inevitable rape, but still she couldn't move.  They held her fast to the old
dirty mattress. 

	Robert saw his old partner lift his hips and then drive forward into his
wife.  Her shrieks cut through the room, even on the tape they were unbearable. 
Robert knew she'd been faithful to him, and he might have been the only man
she'd ever slept with, till now. 

	The tape continued to roll, there were no sounds.  The room was silent
minus his wife's screams and the blubbering of his daughters in the background. 
The camera panned to catch their horrified faces of his daughters eyes locked on
the rape of their mother.

	Rod, Robert's former partner, bellowed out and slammed into his wife,
filling her with his seed.  The muscles of his legs and back rippled as he made
his waning thrusts into the pinned woman.  He collapsed on her body when he was
spent. 

	Rod remained laying on her for a few minutes, savoring her tortured body
beneath him.  He stood slowly, and walked in front of the camera.  He did
nothing to cover his nakedness, his cock was no longer rock hard, but was still
substantially erect.  He patted each of Robert's daughters on the head as he
moved past them.  Their eyes were glued to his groin, the weapon, that had just
raped their mother.  Tears blurred their vision.

	"Man she's a good fuck Robert, you were a lucky man."  He paused, acting
as though he was trying to catch his breath.  "Hard work, I think I'm done for
awhile.  I think I'll let my friends begin."  He lifted his hand, beckoning them
forward.  The rumble began behind the camera.

	"Enjoy the show Robert.  Make sure you watch it all, I wouldn't want you
to miss a second.  And once the tape is over, I suggest you get your ass moving
on my money."  He took a step back and rested his hand on Susan's head.  She
tried to recoil but couldn't.  "Because, soon enough it will be Susan over there
on the mattress, then Jamie" He moved to Jamie and ran his hand through her
hair.  "And then, finally, your little darling Melissa."  He reached up under
her arched body and grabbed her nipple.  "We'll have our fun, but I don't know
if they'll like it that much?"

	The camera was jostled and as men moved into the frame. 

	"It's been fun Robert, but the boys are getting impatient" Rod wiped
away a tear from Melissa's cheek.  "I can certainly see why, the girls have work
to do, and I suppose we should let them get started."  Rod stopped talking and
immediately the camera was blocked by huge naked men moving to the hogtied
girls.  The image cleared as the men formed a line and buried their cocks in the
prone girl's mouths.  Robert's wife, still held down by the four men, screamed
as she saw her daughters violated again.  The muscles and veins of her neck
bulged as she lifted her head trying to watch the vile display playing out
before her. 

	One of the men quickly pulled out of Susan's mouth and bolted to where
Robert's wife lay.  He viciously pounced on her body and slammed into her.  It
took mere seconds before he came deep in her belly.

	As soon as the first man was through, another man left the warm confines
of Robert's daughter's mouth and was on his wife.  An orderly procession began. 
As soon as a void appeared it was filled.  Robert watched with horrified
attention as one man after another thrust their rampant cocks into his
daughter's mouths then fell on his wife's body, slamming in her without mercy. 

	After the first 15 or 20 men had used his wife the men holding her arms
and legs were replaced and they too took their turns.

	Robert couldn't believe what he was watching.  One after another the men
appeared.  When the procession of men grew tired of using his wife on her back,
she was forced over onto her belly.  She was made to kneel as the men started
taking her mouth and ass in unison.  After awhile they didn't even have to hold
her down.  The men, one after another, exploded their cum in her mouth, ass, and
pussy.  A few of the men couldn't hold their passions and came in his daughters
mouths. 

	As the tape wound down less men appeared to take his wife until finally
the procession ceased and she collapsed on the soiled mattress.  The camera
began moving, first to his daughters.  One by one the camera focused on them. 
Their heads hung limp over the edge of the table.  Lines of cum hung from their
mouths.  The cameraman grabbed each girl by the hair and held up their faces. 
Their lips were swollen and stained with cum.  The cum pooled in the bottom of
their mouth's and around their tongues.  They were too worn, and beaten, to
scream anymore.  Their eyes were bloodshot and glassed over. 

	Down the line the cameraman moved, one by one he lifted their heads. 
When he got to Melissa, the youngest, she looked the worst for wear.  Men had
fought to use her tight, virginal mouth.  Scratches were visible on her neck
where the men's nails held her head over their cocks. 

	The cameraman walked to where Robert's wife lay.  Slowly he moved up her
body with the camera.  She lay on her stomach in the spent pools of cum.  Her
feet, her calves, the cameraman moved up her body till he was zooming in on her
ass.  He grabbed her leg and pulled it wide.  She put up no resistance as he
flopped her leg to the side.  He focused in on her anus, cum seeped from the
hole.  The initial bloody evidence of her first penetration had been erased by
cum. 

	Robert heard the limp thud as his wife's body was rolled over onto her
back.  She didn't protest, she didn't speak or scream.  Only the sound of her
coughing and gagging could be heard on the tape. 

	The camera focused on the confluence of her legs.  Her labia were red
and swollen.  Cum oozed from her sex. 

	The camera moved up over her body, to her belly, then her breasts.  Her
breasts were red and scratched.  Men's hands had groped and squeezed them as she
was fucked.  Her nipples were stained with blood.  Her whole body rippled when
she coughed. 

	The camera moved further up, to her face.  Her nose was bloodied, Robert
cringed, but it was her mouth that took all his attention.  It looked like she
was frothing.  Rivers of cum poured from her mouth.  Out the sides of her gaping
mouth, down over her cheeks.  Each time she coughed more cum spurted up from her
belly, boiling over, bubbling, and then rolling down her cheeks in a disgusting
viscous stream. 

	There was a scream from behind the camera, then a naked body was carried
past the camera to the mother.  Robert couldn't tell at first, but then he
recognized the body as his youngest, Melissa.  Her still bound body was carried
by two men.  She was set down on her mother.  Robert's partner stood over the
girl.  She didn't scream, but tried to call out to her unresponsive mother
beneath her. 

	Rod pulled Melissa's head back by her ponytail.  "Help your mommy out
with that cum Melissa, I think she's had too much."  The cameraman got down on
the floor beside the mattress.  Melissa was reluctant to do what the man said,
but he forced her mouth down over her mother's mouth. 

	"Lick it all up girl."  Melissa had already had the men cum in her
mouth, but this was different.  One of the other girls screamed behind the
camera and Melissa looked back.  Her eyes shot open, Robert didn't know what was
happening, but his youngest started licking the cum from his wife's face in
earnest, lapping like a cat. 

	The video continued for another five minutes.  Five minutes of Melissa
licking cum from every inch of her mother's body.  The cameraman zoomed in
showing the revolting display of the 13 year old sucking the cum from her
mother's body.  

	Rod got in front of the camera and started talking.  In the background
Robert could see Melissa vomiting.

	"Well partner, guess that's enough for tonight.  Don't worry, we'll keep
your girls safe, and occupied.  Go into the office and start working on the
money Buddy.  I highly recommend you work fast.  You never know when the gang
will lose patience." 

	The camera moved to his wife, and Melissa on the floor.  Robert could
see the muscles of Melissa's back contract as she continued to dry heave trying
to expel all the cum she'd swallowed. 

	The screen went to snow and the tape stopped.  Robert just sat there
staring at the blank screen wanting to cry.  He couldn't move. 

	Robert sat in shock for an hour staring blindly at the snow of the TV
screen.  He was tempted to rewind the tape and press play, hoping it had all
been a figment of his imagination. He'd been spending so much time on the road
with work the idea was alluring, but deep down he knew it wouldn't happen.  He
knew he had hired the sleazy men to kill his partner.  He knew he should have
made more of an effort to know with certainty that they'd done the job and
killed Rod.  When the body hadn't been discovered, he'd assumed, or at least
deluded himself, into the belief that animals had taken the body, or perhaps
that nature had reclaimed its own, but he should have known.  He should have
made sure.  Maybe it had been guilt that had prevented him from finding out for
certain.  Guilt cause he knew it had been Rod, Rod Simpson, and not him that
grew the company.  Robert, he couldn't deal with that fact still.  The company
had been his idea, his money.  He'd struggled to keep the company afloat for 5
years before Rod came on board, and Rod had taken his ideas and turned the
company into an industry leader, Rod and not him. 

	Robert tried to go through his papers, trying to figure out where he
could come up with the cash, but like most companies, his company's wealth, or
value, was on paper, and not very liquid.  Before long he'd pulled a bottle from
the cupboard and drank till he was incapacitated.  He awoke hung over and barely
made it to the office.




				Chapter 2--Day Two

 

	Once in the company offices he again tried to work on the money
situation, but soon he'd pulled the bottle out of his bottom drawer and started
drinking again.  He'd told his secretary to cancel all his meetings and not
disturb him.  She didn't till after 4 that afternoon.  Robert's buzzer went off
but he didn't respond.  Then came the knock at the door, each knock became more
desperate as he refused to answer. 

       Lisa was a good secretary, beautiful, and young.  Robert had wanted to,
but had never tried anything with her.  He was devoted to his wife and couldn't
break that bond of loyalty.

	The door inched open.

	"Mr. Miller, are you here?"  She knew he was, there was no way out but
past her. 

	The room was dark, the shades on the large window were drawn.  Robert's
chair was turned away from the door toward them behind the desk. 

	"Mr. Miller, are you all right?"  The chair didn't move.

	"I'm fine."  The tone of his voice belied his words.

	"Mr. Miller, there was a delivery for you, they said it was urgent."

	"Just leave it in my box, I'll get it later."

	"Sir, I would but, he said it was a matter of life and death, and it
wasn't the normal delivery people, it was just a guy with a long beard."  The
chair spun around and Robert stood up.  He intended to walk and get the package
from her, but in his drunken state he stumbled and fell back into the chair. 

	"Are you all right Mr. Miller?"  As she spoke she saw the empty bottle
on the desk. 

	"Would you like a ride home sir?"  Robert thought about trying to fool
her, but he just decided to acquiesce instead."

	"Yes, please.  Would you give me the package."  Lisa walked to him and
set the package on the desk.  Robert grabbed it and clutched it to his body. 

	"Are you all right?  Is something wrong?  Nothing is wrong with Karen or
the kids, is there?"

	"Could you give me a ride home?"

	"Sure, let me just close up." 

	"No, please, now."  Robert stood with uncertainty.  Lisa watched
motionless, wondering if she should help or not.  When he started out the door
she ran to get her bag and keys. 

	It was a long, silent trip.  Robert stared straight ahead, his hands
growing white as he gripped the package impossibly tight.  Lisa tried to raise a
conversation but couldn't get him to budge.  They reached his house.  Lisa
thought it looked empty.

	"Are you going to be all right Mr. Miller."

	"Yes, thank you Lisa for the concern.  Would you get me the up to date
financials, bank accounts and capital assets, I need to look them over."  He
pulled himself out of the car, thanking her for the ride, and gingerly making it
inside, barely remembering to turn off the alarm. 

	Lisa thought of going home, but instead ended up back at the office
trying to pull together the numbers he wanted.

	Robert walked inside the house and went immediately to the liquor
cabinet.  The cardboard of the package cut his hands as he squeezed it tight. 
He couldn't bring himself to put in the tape.  He collapsed on the couch and
just stared straight ahead. 

	Robert's hands trembled as he opened the package.  Another video tape
was inside.  The label read "Day Two".  Robert inserted the tape into the VCR
and pressed play.  The screen was blank for maybe 10 seconds before Rod's face
appeared on the screen. 

	"Hello Robert, hope that you had a nice night?  We got an early start
this morning, hope you don't mind?  Let's go see how your dear wife is doing,
shall we?"  The camera followed his old partner through the warehouse.  The
camera came to an open area where chains hung down from the ceiling.  The chains
disappeared behind a screen set up on the floor.  Robert trembled when he
thought might be behind the screen, what they'd done to somebody in his family.

	"Shall we see what's behind the screen Buddy?"  Two large bikers stepped
up to the screen, lifted it and carried it away.  When it was removed Robert
gasped in horror.  There stood his wife, her wrists were bound behind her back
and she was up on her tip toes.  Robert could see the strain in her calves.  Her
large breasts were wound tight with rope, they bulged to a horrible shade of
red. 

	Robert had always found himself to be a lucky man.  His wife's breasts
were large, and really perfect.  When she'd been pregnant they'd always got
huge.  He could see the pain in her face as she tried to remain balanced on her
toes and keep the strain off her breasts. 

	"Look at the lovely color Robert."  Rod walked over to the straining
woman and flicked her nipple, she screamed out in pain.  As soon as her cries
quieted he flicked her other nipple eliciting another round of screaming. 

	"Ah, so much fun, I could do it all day, but we've got other work to do. 
Boys."  Rod turned away from Robert's wife and looked off camera.  As he walked
away he kicked her legs out from under her, sending the full weight of her body
onto her tits.  Her breasts stretched as she screamed.

	The camera turned to show four men walking into the frame with a large
wooden bench between them.  Tied to the bench was Robert's oldest daughter
Susan.  She was naked, and bound to the bench, her ass rested on one end of the
bench, slightly over the edge.  Her legs were pulled wide and attached under her
to the bench legs.  Her knees were spread wide and tied down to make her
completely exposed.  At the other end of the bench the base of her neck was
hanging over the edge.  Her head was pulled down and a strap held her forehead
making it almost vertical, upside-down, but vertical.  A plastic mouth spreader
was wedged in behind her teeth to keep her mouth open and available.  The way
her lips were stretched she looked like some Hollywood ghoul. 

	The bench was positioned directly in front of Robert's dangling wife. 
She'd been able to regain her footing and was crying.  Her chest heaved and her
stomach contorted as she tried to control her sobs.  When Susan's bench was
moved close she tried to call out to her. 

	"My baby, Suzy, are you all right."  She turned her tear filled face to
Rod and started begging him.

	"Please, let her go, I'll let you do anything to me, please-"  Her
entreaties were quickly silenced as an unknown biker stepped forward and pushed
a cattle prod to her thigh and squeezed the trigger.  She began screaming again
as she lost her balance and was held up only by her breasts. 

	"Put a gag in her mouth won't you?"  Rod spoke to the unknown man. "Her
daughter has a lot of work to do and needs to be kept from distractions."  The
faceless man walked to Robert's wife and forced a penis gag deep in her mouth,
silencing her screams and pleadings.

	"What a pretty sight Robert.  Mother and daughter all ready for today's
fun.  Oh, but where are the other two?"  Rob mimed a look of consternation.

	"Oh, over here."  The camera focused where he pointed.  On the floor
were two dirty mattresses on which Jamie and Melissa were laying between two
women's legs.  The girl's hands were bound behind their backs.  The women
controlled the girl's movements by using their hair as handles.  The camera
zoomed out to show a line of 20 or 30 other biker ladies waiting their turns. 

	"Well Robert, they're busy, so let's get back to the main show."  The
camera focused on Rod's face.  "You see, since you're little Susan didn't keep
herself pure, I think she should be taught a lesson.  You know, kind of like
when a father catches a son smoking his cigarettes and he locks him in the
closet with a whole box of them till he smokes them all.  My Daddy did that to
me, and I never smoked again in my life.  Well, Susan, she's going to make a
hundred guys cum in her mouth and pussy.  To make it more fun, we're going to
set a time limit, this is where your wife comes in.  See that boom up there." 
Rod pointed at the ceiling and the camera followed, focusing in on the roll of
chain above.  "You see, I have this control here."  He held up a box with
buttons on it.  "And, this moves that chain.  To give her a chance, we're going
to give Susan 5, no 10 minutes, to see how many guys she can get off before I
start raising that chain.  I think you get the idea of what will happen?  We'll
keep the time until your little Suzy gets all 100 done, she can use her mouth,
or pussy, since she's experienced in both."  Robert could hear Susan moaning on
the bench.  "Ah, your little princess speaks.  You know, I think she's looking
forward to it?"  Rod ran his hands over Susan's belly, flicking her nipples till
they got hard. 

	"At 10 minutes, if Suzy isn't done bringing off all 100 guys, then,
we'll raise the chains an inch.  We'll continue like that every five minutes. 
Oh, yes, we've done this before, it usually takes about an hour to go through
all 100.    I suppose more experienced girls might be able to get it done a bit
quicker?  We know your little girl has experience, I guess we'll get to see how
much.  So say it takes your little girl 60 minutes.  That's 11 inches.  I
suppose your wife could keep on her toes for maybe 2 inches, or about 20
minutes.  I sure hope she was a ballet dancer when she was younger, it's going
to take a lot of strength and endurance to remain on those toes.  But after
those 20 minutes are up, even if she'd danced for the Bolshoi, I think she'd
still be hanging by those tits."  Rod reached out and flicked Robert's wife's
nipple again, she shrieked an inhuman sound.

	"Look, already a nice shade of purple.  Well, since I get to start, I
should stop talking and start fucking.  I think your wife would appreciate it,
don't you?  I'm not so sure about little Suzy though?"  Rod dropped his pants
and walked between Susan's spread legs.  The bench was at the perfect height for
entry. 

	"Go on Snake, you can take her mouth."  Rod called out to the man who'd
gagged Robert's wife before turning back to the camera. 

	"Well Buddy, I suppose I should get started."  He reached out and felt
Susan's sex.  She would have screamed, but Snake had already rammed 7" of cock
in her throat.  "She's a little dry Robert, maybe I should get your girls over
here?"  The camera turned to the right and zoomed in on Melissa and Jamie.  With
hands holding their hair, the two women with their legs spread were moving the
girls mouth's over their pussies.  "Oh, I guess their busy."  Rod spit on
Susan's dry hole and rubbed it in.  "It'll probably only matter for me.  I'm
sure her snatch will be gushing pretty soon."  Rod slammed his prick into
Susan's body.  Robert watched the thick cock of his partner disappear into his
daughter's sex. 

       Rod and Snake quickly developed a rhythm and were two timing the girl
with powerful thrusts.  The camera moved up to Robert's wife and showed her
tormented face as she watched her daughter being raped at both ends.  The gag
spread her mouth wide and made her face look long as her jaw was spread
impossibly wide.  Tears flowed down her cheeks as she stared at the scene before
her. 

       The camera swung back to Susan's body.  Rod jerked his hips forward and
slammed against Susan's sex.  He screamed in pleasure as he filled her body with
his sperm.  He momentarily paused, savoring the feel of her tight pussy on his
cock before he moved out of the way and a new man filled his spot. 

       Snake was still thrusting into Susan's mouth when Rod finished.  The
plastic shield prevented Susan from closing her lips on the intruding members,
and so didn't afford her much ability to help the men get off.  Not that she was
trying, at least not yet, but in a matter of minutes, when her mother's breasts
started to stretch, she might well want to help the men fill her mouth faster. 

       The second man between Susan's legs had almost cum by the time Snake
finished.  When he finally spewed his load into her mouth, a new man was there
to replace him. 

       The camera swung back to Robert's wife.  Her face was tortured as she
stared at her daughter's rape.  Then the camera quickly moved to the two
youngest girls still kneeling between two biker chicks' legs.  Above them, on
the wall, was a clock.  In large, bright red numbers it counted the time, it
read 4:31. 

       The camera zoomed in on the second man in Susan's mouth.  Robert saw her
throat convulse as sperm shot in her throat.  She awkwardly tried to swallow as
the sperm filled her mouth, it was hard, given the way her head was held by the
strap.  Even with only the two men's cum in her mouth, it had begun dribbling
down her lips.  The viscous white line trailed over her cheeks, down into her
eyes, on to her forehead.  Another man filled the void and thrust in her gaping
mouth. 

       The camera moved back to show a third man entering Susan's pussy.  The
camera remained focused on Susan until a loud bell rang and then the cameraman
cut to the clock and Robert's two youngest daughters still working on the women,
the clock read 10 minutes. 

       The camera swung back to his wife just in time to catch the chains rise
an inch.  As the chain moved upwards, she lost her balance and swung from her
breasts till she was able to get her toes back on the floor.  Her scream was
incredible. 

       The camera moved back onto Susan, her body rocked forward with the
continual thrusts of the men between her legs.  The man using her mouth would
thrust back, countering the movement of man using her sex.  The pair of rapists
tried to bury themselves as deep in the girl as possible.  After the first ten
minutes 7 men had cum in Susan's pussy, and 5 in her mouth.  Already she
couldn't breathe through her nose.  Her nostrils were filled with cum that
dripped from her gaping mouth.  Her eyes were sealed shut as cum pooled in her
eye sockets. 

       The loud bell rang again, the camera focused in on Robert's wife as the
chain rose again.  She couldn't manage to find her footing as she swayed, she
swung in pendulous arcs from her breasts, only able to rest on her toes after
one or two minutes had already passed.  One or two minutes of hanging from her
breasts unsupported.  The camera moved back to Susan.  12 men had filled her
pussy, 8 had filled her mouth.  The cum ran down her forehead into her beautiful
blond hair. 

       On and on the bell continued to ring.  Robert sat in his chair, tears
streamed down his face as he watched the lewd acts unfolding on the television,
knowing that it had already happened, that whatever else may have befallen his
wife and daughter's, it had already occurred, and he couldn't do anything. 

       The bell rang for 45 minutes.  36 men had filled his daughter's pussy
with sperm, their vile, disgusting sperm.  The camera zoomed in, her labia were
swollen.  Between men, the muscles of her pussy would no longer contract and
remained spread in a grotesque, distorted display.  Robert couldn't even make
out the details of his daughters sex, it was blurred and covered with cum. 
White, sticky, gelatinous sperm.  It oozed from her hole, it covered the
confluence of her legs, it dripped, or flooded, to the floor between her spread
legs.  Her belly was covered.  Another man started pounding into her.  Again and
again the scene was repeated.  Robert watched another man rape his daughter, the
man's hips thrusting , slamming forward, between her spread thighs. 

       Twenty four men had filled Susan's mouth in the first 45 minutes.  Robert
did the math in his head, 60 men total.  60 men had shot their sperm into her
body.  When the camera moved in on Susan's face Robert couldn't even recognize
it as his daughter.  Her face was a slimy gob of white liquid with the only dark
patches being the cavern her mouth.  Deep pools of cum filled Susan's eye
sockets.  The white viscous substance ran down her cheeks, falling off her face
in long lines to the floor.  Her forehead was covered, the cum ran down her long
hair, the strands covered in the goo fell to the floor.  An outline of drops
mirrored her head on the floor.  Susan couldn't breathe through her nose, the
cum had flowed deep into her nostrils.  She could only breathe between the
thrusting cocks that filled her mouth.  Bubbles expanded from her nose as she
tried to take in much needed air.  She already swallowed what must have been
cups, and cups of cum.  What she could no longer swallow gathered in pools in
her mouth.  The cum flowed from her mouth as she tried in vain to vomit up the
vile substance from her belly. 

       Robert's body shuddered each time he heard the bell.  He could hear the
chain clang as his wife was pulled higher.  Her breasts had gone deep purple,
the skin was stretched beyond its limits, the muscles, the fabric of her
breasts, were ripping internally.  Her eyes were glazed over, staring down
blindly at her daughter being ravaged. 

       The cameraman walked toward the mattresses on the floor where Jamie and
Melissa still buried between a constant stream of women's legs.  Their lips,
their cheeks, their hair glistened with the juices of spent women. 

       The bell chimed for 55 minutes.  An agonizing scream came from Robert's
wife.  42 men had cum in Susan's pussy, 28 in her mouth. 

       The camera zoomed in on a random cock spurting its load into Susan's
mouth.  Not till the image moved out did Robert see it was Rod, his cock was
covered in sperm as he pulled it from Susan's mouth after having used her for
the second time.  Rod moved out of the way so another man could take his place. 

       "Robert, I have a proposition.  You're wife's tits, they're looking
pretty, well, shredded.  I propose we allow your other girls to help Susan
accomplish her goal, and then maybe we could cut your wife down?"  Rod walked to
Robert's wife.

       "Since you can't offer your daughters for the game Robert, I'm going to
ask your dear wife to set their fate.  Dear," Rod pushed her hips gently,
sending her swinging from her tortured breasts.  "do you want your girls to help
Susan get you down?"  Robert was surprised to see his wife eagerly nod her head
yes as the bell for the 60th minute ring.

       Rod picked up the control box to raise the chains once again, but instead
he turned and faced the camera.

       "You know Bob, I'm feeling generous."  He pressed a button on the control
box and the chains dropped.  Robert's wife fell to the floor in a heap, her
breasts still tied, but they no longer supported her weight.  Her breasts were
distended and grotesque as she lay unmoving on the ground. 

       The camera moved to show Melissa and Jamie being carried next to Susan. 
Their faces were slimy with the women's juices.  Their hands were still tied
behind their backs.  Men continued to pound into Susan as Melissa and Jamie were
set on their knees. 

       Melissa's back convulsed as she started to vomit.  When she was through,
one of the men came from the shadows and poured a bucket of water over her and
Jamie.  A line of men formed to use them immediately. 

       Robert watched in horror as the men violently started driving themselves
deep in Melissa and Jamie's throats. 

       The camera moved to Robert's wife still laying on the floor.  She didn't
move, the ropes were still pulled tight around the base of her breasts.  He
heard Rod's voice come through the TV before the camera returned to his face. 

       "Oh Robert, my generosity only extends so far.  They have 15 minutes,
then, if they still haven't got to a 100, then your wife is returned to a foot
off the ground by those precious titties. 

       The bell clanged again, 3 men had spent themselves in Jamie's mouth and 4
had cum in Melissa's.   43 men had filled Susan's pussy, and 29 had filled her
mouth.  Robert did the math, 21 to go.  He watched the knob grow in Melissa's
mouth as another man drove deep in her throat.  The lines of cum already
dribbled down her chin. 

       The bell clanged, 15 minutes had passed.  Robert heard the screams of his
wife as the camera focused on her.  The gag had been removed and the chains
started to pull her up.  Slowly her body was lifted of the ground by her tits. 
They stretched as she was pulled to her feet, she was unable to get her legs
under her to support her weight.  For an instant her feet were planted on the
ground, then inch by inch the space between her toes and ground grew.  Her head
arched back as she screamed.  When she was a foot off the ground the chain
stopped moving and her body started swaying. 

       Robert stood, yelling at the screen.  Only one more man needed to release
himself into his daughters.  He couldn't believe Rod would do it, only one more
man.  Melissa, Susan and Jamie were vying to bring off the last man.  45 men had
filled Susan's pussy, 32 had used her mouth, 10 had shot themselves in Jamie's
mouth, and 12 had already spewed in Melissa's. 

       Robert heard the thud of his wife on the ground as one of the men shot
his load into Melissa's throat.  Thick, heavy lines of cum covered her chin and
ran down over her tiny breasts.  Her nipples were hard and topped with dollops
of cum.

       The men who had been in the process of using the other girls finished up,
spewing their loads.  In all, there had been 103 loads of sperm shot into his
daughters. 

       Rod got back in front of the camera as Robert crumbled back in his chair. 
He was numb.

       "Not bad Robert, 76 minutes and 14 seconds.  Sorry about those last three
guys, we couldn't stop them once they got started you know." 

       Rod walked to where Robert's wife lay slumped on the floor.  He pulled
out a knife and wedged the metal up under the ropes, eliciting another horrible
scream from her before she passed out.  Her breasts were beyond purple, almost
black.  Deep welts circled her breasts where the ropes had dug into the skin. 
Her breasts were mangled and distended.  They hung well down on her body.  Rod
touched the nipple on one breast and she came to screaming in pain. 

       Rod got up and walked to where Jamie was kneeling.  Her eyes were closed,
but tears still streamed down her face joining the cum on her chin.  Rod patted
her head and then moved on to Melissa.  Her face was covered like Jamie's,
though less cum ran down her chin.  The men had been more intent to shoot their
loads deep in her sweet little mouth.  Melissa was whimpering as Rod cupped her
head. 

       "You girls did a good job of helping out your older sister.  I'm sure
she, and your mother are appreciative." 

       Melissa coughed then spurted cum, it came from deep in her belly.  It
rolled over her lips.  The whitish, translucent goo bubbled from her mouth and
ran down her face over her chest. 

       "Guess she didn't like the meal tonight Buddy.  Let's get over to the
star of the show."

       Rod walked to where Susan lay, still bound on the bench.  The camera
focused between her legs.  Her belly, her sex, her thighs, they were covered
with cum.  When the men stopped using her, cum flowed out of her gaping sex. 
She was covered, painted with sperm.  The camera moved up her torso.  Her
breasts rose slightly with each breath.  Odd lines of cum marked her belly and
crossed her tits.  When the camera moved to her head it was a disgusting slimy
cum covered mass.  Her eyes were invisible under the pools of sperm.  Her
forehead, her cheeks, the cum literally hung from her face.  Her nostrils were
filled with spunk.  It had drained back down into her throat through her nose. 
Unbroken lines of cum dangled from her head to the floor, running over her hair
once beautiful, smooth, long blond hair.

       Robert shook in the chair, he couldn't believe what he saw.  He couldn't
believe that that thing, that awful disgusting thing on the screen, was his
daughter. 

       "Robert, I hope you enjoyed our show.  Just think, this is just the
second day of fun.  We do have more planned, but I don't want to ruin the
surprise.  I just wouldn't wait too long to get working on the money.  As I said
before, we'll grow tired of sex eventually, even when it's fucking your
beautiful daughters."  Rod ran his hand over Melissa's nipples.  She tried to
recoil from his touch.

       "I want my fucking money Robert, you had better understand that.  I want
my money, I earned it, and the longer it takes you to get it to me, well, our
creativity might start to die, just like your girls!"

       The tape cut off.  Rod's words left no doubt to the seriousness of the
situation.  Robert collapsed back in the chair, he couldn't believe this was all
happening. 

       The VCR tape began rewinding in the machine.  Robert tipped back the
bottle and drank. 



(end of chapter 2-Day 3 is next)



I hope you enjoy this story.  I would be very interested to hear comments.  It
is always encouraging to hear from people who read, and liked, the story. 
Hearing from those who enjoyed the story always makes it easier to continue
plodding along to the finish.  Thanks for reading...Semiater@yahoo.com




Partners


						Day Three


	Robert pushed the tape into the VCR.  He found it on the counter when
he'd finally come downstairs.  It was almost 2 pm by the time he'd woke up, and
with as much as he'd had to drink the night before, it probably hadn't been too
hard for them to get in the house unnoticed and deliver the tape. 

       The snow cleared and Rod appeared on the screen.

	"Partner, Top o' the morning to Ya.  How are you feelin?"

       "Let's get right down to it.  We figured we'd give your wife a break
today.  Those breasts are looking pretty mangled."  The camera moved to Robert's
wife.  She was seated on a stool, her legs were spread wide and attached to a
steel spreader bar.  The bar was in turn chained to the floor.  Her hands were
pulled behind her back and cuffed, a chain ran from between the cuffs to an eye
bolt in the floor, but Robert couldn't take his eyes off his wife's breasts. 
Around the base of her teats was a circular black bruise.  The meat of her
breasts was purple, her breasts dangled, misshapen, and stretched. 

	The camera moved to the right.  Susan was seated on a stool next to her
mother, and was bound in the same manner.  Her hair was stringy, and looked like
it hadn't been washed after her ordeal of the previous day.  Robert could see
the dried cum patched in her blond locks. 

	"And Susan, as you can see, her pussy is pretty raw, and swollen, after
all those guys she serviced yesterday, and in such a short time.  You should
have seen it last night Buddy, it was so cute.  Your little Melissa was icing
down Susan's swollen labia.  Susan was begging us to pump her stomach.  She said
she swallowed too much cum, if you can believe that, but you know, a young girl
has to get her protein somehow."  Robert looked at the large gags that filled
his wife's, and Susan's mouths.  He shuddered at the thought of how much cum
they'd both been forced to swallow. 

	"So Buddy, it looks like Jamie is up to bat today."  The camera moved
past Rod and focused in on Jamie.  She was naked, laying on her back, and bound
to a wooden bench.  Her ass rested just on the edge of one end, and her legs
were pulled back, to the side, and attached to the legs of the bench.  Her head
was pulled over the other end of the bench, and her hair was tied under, and
arched back so her mouth was perpendicular to the floor.  Rod must have read
Robert's mind when the camera showed the red welts over Jamie's breasts and
belly. 

	"Sorry about that Buddy, we got an early start, but we forgot to catch
it on film.  By the way, I don't want you worrying about your dear Karen or
Susan," the camera moved to the women locked on the stools, "we wouldn't dream
of leaving them without something.  If you look really close," the camera zoomed
in to the confluence of Susan's legs, where her hips came in contact with the
stool, "if you look really close Buddy, you can see the base of the 12" dildo
we've got in her pussy.  It's just like the one Karen is sitting on.  12", yes,
it's large, I know, but after all the fucking they've had already, don't worry,
the dildos slid in without a problem."  Rod grinned as the camera moved back on
him.  "And Melissa, we'll let her watch for one more day, with Jamie's tight
virginal hole, I suppose the thought of that alone will arouse the men enough. 
And, you know, when Jamie's snatch is too loose, and messy, well, we'll just
flip her over on her belly and give that tight little ass of hers a shot."  Rod
paused, the camera caught the image of Melissa kneeling at his feet.  Rod tapped
her on the head.  Don't worry Buddy, we won't get our cocks dirty in Jamie's
ass, we gave her a big enema this morning.  She was cramping, and screaming,
like a little devil, but we kept the water in there for a good 45 minutes.  I
suppose some of our special additives didn't help.  She told me the chili paste
around the plug burned quite a bit."  Rod yawned, bringing his hand to his
mouth, like he was bored. 

	"Sorry we don't have any of the water left over to show you, your wife,
and Susan, were so thirsty, they drank it all down like good little soldiers. 
It took awhile, but with the help of those big penis gags buried in their
mouths, we kept them from puking it all up again.  After all, we wouldn't want a
mess or anything."  Robert thought he was going to vomit.  He dry heaved and
thought he'd lose it, then Rod started moving again and Robert focused on the
screen.  Rod walked between Jamie's splayed legs.  Her body jerked as he touched
her.  Robert could hear her hushed voice muttering something, but he couldn't
make out what she said.  He could see her lips moving, so he knew it was her. 

	"Oh, isn't that sweet Buddy, you're little girl is praying.  You see, I
told her this morning what we had planned, in great detail of course.  It was
hard, trying to tell her in between screams, her belly cramping from the enema
and all, but I think she understood.  I don't think she liked what I had to say
though."  Rod pinched the girl's labia between his fingers and looked back at
the camera.  "Don't worry, she won't be praying once we get started, at least we
won't be able to hear her, that pretty mouth will be filled with at least 7" of
cock for most of the night.  Though, we have no contests lined up for today, no
time limit, we'll just let the boys fill her with as much cum as they can."  Rod
ran his hand over Jamie's belly, the muscles of her abdomen rolled, and
contracted, under his touch.  Rod turned and looked back at the camera.

	"Buddy, little Jamie said she'd be a good girl and try to swallow all
the cum, so we don't have to use a dental dam like we did with Susan.  You know,
she's a smart girl, already she knows that the quicker she can get the boys so
spew, maybe they'll get tired and let her be."  Rod ran his hand down over the
inside of Jamie's thigh.  Robert could see the muscles of her neck cord as she
tried to lift her head.  Her lips still moved as she quietly tried to invoke
some higher being to save her from the inevitable.

	"But you know Buddy, with that tight mouth, and those pretty lips,
sealed around my cock, well, even with all her efforts to get me to spend quick,
I might actually be encouraged to fuck her more.  Oh well."  Rod lifted his hand
from Jamie's thigh.  "We'll see, I hope for her sake her little plan doesn't
backfire."

	Jamie screamed as Rod pinched her clit.  "Then again, maybe she's just a
little slut and enjoys the taste of sperm.  We might just have a genuine little
nymphomaniac here?"  Robert could hear Jamie's prayers growing louder.

	Jamie tried to lift her head but her hair was tied to the bench.  She
screamed as Rod ran his hand over the smooth mound between her legs.  She
started yelping in pain as Rod moved his hand side to side over her skin. 

	"Her skin might be a little raw Buddy, you see, we didn't want all those
pubs to get matted, granted, it was mostly fuzz anyway, but we thought we'd be
efficient and businesslike.  Isn't that what you always used to tell me?  Put on
a good face, a good image, and all that crap?  I think a shaved mound looks so
much better on film, and, you wouldn't believe what it looks like in person
Buddy, and how it feels, smooth, like a babies bottom.  Oops, sorry about that,
I'm sure that raises some painful memories for you Buddy."  Rod smiled at the
camera, it was vicious, if he'd been in the room Robert would have killed him,
with his own bare hands he would have killed him, prison or not, he didn't care,
he wanted to kill Rod, again. 

       Rod just grinned and looked at the camera.

	"Don't worry, all your girls will look good for the camera Buddy, we did
Susan, Karen, and little Melissa too, though she really didn't need a shave yet,
only that fine little fuzz, it was so cute.  We didn't want her to feel left out
though, and Robert, oh you would have been so proud of them all.  Janice, that's
Vipers chick, she did them all with a straight razor, your girls didn't flinch
at all, and that's good, Janice got it all, every stubble of hair, no matter how
close to their sensitive flesh she came."  Rod smiled at the camera, he relished
telling the story. 

	"And you little one Buddy, she's so orgasmic already, Janice rubbed her
with the handle of the blade, and her little clit went all hard.  It was so
cute, and she's been such a good girl, so we had Jamie get right down there and
give your little one some kind of orgasm.  You should have seen those little
hips bucking up into Jamie's face.  And Jamie, we can't forget about her, I
guess that experience with our chicks really helped.  She was using that tongue
like a master.  Oh well, I know, they grow up so fast."  Rod swung his head side
to side in mock sympathy.  "Oh well, its Jamie's turn now, maybe she can have an
orgasm or two?"  Rod ran his hand over her clit. 

       "She's a warrior Buddy, those prayers keep getting louder, but she isn't
screaming.  I'm sure she will be soon enough, even if Monster hasn't shown up
yet.  Actually, I'm a little disappointed Buddy, I really wanted you to see his
thing."  Rod pinched Jamie's clit.  "And I'm even curious to see what it's going
to look like trying to squeeze it in Jamie's hole.  I mean, it's not like him to
miss out on a prime virgin like Jamie, usually he can sniff'em out from miles
away.  Maybe he's waiting on Melissa?"  Rod patted Melissa's head.  Jamie
started whimpering as Rod moved his other hand between her legs.

	"We can only hope for her pleasure that Jamie has an orgasm or two.  Oh,
I'm sure at first it'll be hard enough just to get used to all those big cocks
deep in her belly, but since she likes the taste of cum so much already," Rod
laughed out loud at his own joke, "maybe she'll like pricks up that tight little
hole of hers too?"  Rod stepped back, putting on a dramatic display of admiring
Jamie's body.  Robert could still hear Jamie mumbling her prayers, he could
almost make out what she said, then Rod turned and looked at the camera.

	"Well, I suppose we've wasted enough time Buddy, I'm sure you don't want
us to use all the tape with talk, I know you want action, action, not words. 
Gosh," Rod shook his head, "I guess you did teach me something Buddy, I can't
seem to go five minutes without spouting out one of those damn cliches you
always used to say. 

	Rod let his pants fell to the floor, the buckle clanged loud off the
cement. 

	"See Buddy, the thought of your tight little girl, it's got me hard
already, I don't even need a fluffer."  Rod tapped Melissa on the head and
whispered in her ear.  Her hair was done up in pig tails.  When he was done
talking to her, Melissa ambled on all fours to one of a tattooed women, she was
laying naked on a mattress against the wall. 

       Rod stepped out of the legs of his pants.  He raised his hand and snapped
his finger.

	"Viper, go ahead, take her mouth, I'm getting a little tired of that
noise."  Viper walked from the shadows and onto the screen.  Robert recognized
him from the day before.  He looked bigger, his cock looked impossibly large as
he stood over Jamie.  His pole loomed above her eyes, for the first time since
the tape had started, she went silent. 

	Viper bent his knees and lined his cock up with Jamie's mouth.  Robert
expected her to clamp her mouth shut, but she didn't.  Inch by inch the massive
pole disappeared into her small, tight, lips.  Robert watched in horror as the
bulge moved deeper in her throat.  He saw Jamie's throat convulse, and her
breasts quiver, as she started to gag.  Robert was holding his breath in
sympathetic unison with his daughter.  Only when Viper slowly pulled his cock
free from Jamie's mouth did Robert breathe again.  Jamie's efforts to get in air
were much more in earnest as the massive pole rested on her lips, poised for
re-entry.  Robert could see the saliva coated pole glistening in the lights. 

       Robert let out a small yelp of protest as Viper started moving forward
again, till his massive member had inched itself ever deeper in Jamie's throat.  					

       Robert snapped out of the trance he entered when Rod stepped back on
screen.  His hand was around his cock, and he was gently stroking his long
member.

       "Buddy, she's awesome, incredible really.  I'd love to sit here and watch
all day, but as you can see, my dick is hard, and I'm about to blow."  Rod
stepped between Jamie's spread legs, Robert wasn't sure if she was even aware of
his presence, but when Rod slammed forward, and buried himself in her sex, she
couldn't but know. 

       Jamie's hips bucked off the bench as her virginity was ripped away in a
violent rape.  In spite the cock in her mouth, Robert could hear Jamie's screams
clearly, but they were quickly drowned out by the screams of her mother as she
sat astride the stool, watching the horror happening before her.  There was no
leniency in Rod's movements, he took Jamie like an animal.

       In spite of the way she was bound, Jamie's torso was slammed forward with
each thrust, but Robert was fixated on her throat, he could see the massive
bulge in her throat appear, and disappear, as Viper continued to violate Jamie's
mouth.  					

       It only seemed liked seconds since Rod had begun pummeling Jamie, then he
bellowed out in pleasure.  The muscles of his back were thick, rippling, and
taut, as he slammed forward into Jamie one final time.  A sheen of sweat covered
his body and gleamed from the lights above.  Rod continued to scream in lust as
his massive cock was painfully constricted in Jamie's tight hole.  In each hand
Rod took hold of one of Jamie's nubile breasts and squeezed.  Robert could see
Jamie's belly bulge as she screamed out in pain. 

       Viper clamped his hands on the sides of Jamie's head and held tight as he
buried the length of his member within her mouth for a final thrust.  Robert
could see the sperm bubble out of Jamie's nose and run down over her upper lip
as Viper shot his load in her mouth. 

       In unison Rod and Viper pulled free from Jamie's body.  As soon as the
Viper's cock was pulled from her mouth, Robert could see Jamie coughing, and
struggling, to get in much needed breaths.  Rod, still panting from the brutal
exertions, turned around and stood in front of the camera.  His cock was still
hard, and Robert could see the red specks on the shaft. 

       "Holy shit Buddy that was incredible, I've never had a girl that tight
before."  In the background Robert could see Jamie's chest rising and falling as
she coughed.  She turned her head to the side, as much as she could and spit up
a long white line of cum. 

       "She was definitely a virgin Buddy!"  Robert's mouth was agape as another
man moved in behind Rod and took hold of Jamie's head, the man buried himself in
her mouth before she could even spit up the whole of Viper's essence. 

       "Well Buddy, I'll have to let the boys get started, they're impatient, as
you can see."  Rod stepped to the side, for an instant Robert could see the
results of Rod's rape, but just as quickly, another man moved between Jamie's
legs and buried himself to the hilt in her sex. Two more men came from the
shadows and knelt to the sides of the bench, Robert could hear Jamie moan as the
men started playing with her young buds. 

       Robert barely made it to the toilet in time.  He couldn't take it, he'd
watched the screen as man after man took his girl.  There was no let up, one
after another they stepped up, filling her poor body, and then moving on after
they shot their load in her.  The horror had been made all the more real when
the camera moved to show his wife and oldest daughter, impaled on the stools,
the huge dildos forced deep in their bellies, yet in spite of the intrusions,
their eyes were locked on Jamie's rape. 

       It had all come over him like a sudden storm, he'd barely made it to the
bathroom in time.  He'd hoped that by the time he emerged--his eyes bloodshot,
his face pale, his legs unstable--that at least then the tape would have
stopped, but when he came out, the screen was still filled, the only difference
was the man slamming into his little girls body had changed.  Robert collapsed
on his chair.  He was numb, his legs couldn't support his weight as the tape
continued on. 

       The tape rolled for another half hour, no words were spoken, Rod didn't
appear, just the unending procession of men using Jamie.  His daughter was a
mess, sperm was everywhere.  Robert could hear her muffled screams, and moans,
but that was the only sound to be heard as a continuous onslaught of rapists
used her.

       Robert couldn't take it, he stood to take the tape out of the machine,
then Rod appeared on screen, his cock was long and hard, it was jutting like a
menace from his body.  He had an evil grin on his face.  	

       "Hey Buddy, I'm a little tired of this scene, how about you?  Mind if we
change it up a little bit?"  There was a man still using Jamie, he pulled his
weapon from her sex and pumped his cock till he shot his load over her bound
body.  The thick white line of cum rained down over her, over her newly shaved
mound, and up onto her belly. 

       Rod clapped the man on his back as he finished.  "Good shot." 

       Rod turned to look at the camera, and Robert.  "She's still got one
virgin hole left Buddy," he paused dramatically, "Lets say we get her on her
belly and take care of that right now."  Before Rod had even stopped talking,
two men had moved from the shadows to Jamie and began working on freeing the
bonds that held her.  She didn't fight as her legs were freed and left to fall
on the floor.  She lifted her head for an instant and looked down over her
tortured body when the knot was released from her hair, but then she let her
head fall back, it slumped against the end of the bench.  Robert thought she'd
passed out, but Jamie wailed in pain as the men lifted her from the bench.  The
men carried her over to a mattress that was set on the floor before Susan and
Karen.  They still sat impaled on the massive poles rising from the stools. 
Susan tried to rise from the stool, and the massive intrusion buried in her sex,
but the chains held her down and kept her sex filled with the huge rod. 

       Jamie was tossed face down on the mattress.  She didn't fight or try to
move away.  The two men knelt and grabbed for her ankles, pulling her legs wide,
and pointing her toes out so that her legs were flat against the floor. 

       When her legs were spread the two men moved away.  Jamie didn't move to
close her legs, she didn't move at all.  Robert could see her back shudder
slightly he heard her sobbing, but she didn't move. 

       Rod walked between Jamie's spread legs, Robert could hear his wife's
screams, even though she was gagged, she obviously knew what was coming.  Rod
moved his barefoot along the inside of Jamie's thigh before he collapsed on her
and grabbed for her arms. 

       Robert couldn't see the actual penetration with the way Rod mounted
Jamie, but he knew he had taken her last virginal opening and had begun raping
her ass.  Jamie fought, and tried to twist away when Rod first fell on her, but
only for an instant, only until he overpowered her, and had entered her
violently.  Then she went limp as Rod pounded into her, his buttocks clinching,
and convulsing, as he inched deep into her battered body. 

       Robert thought Rod would break Jamie's arms the way he twisted them
behind her.  Rod screamed in pleasure as he filled Jamie's nether hole with his
spunk quickly. 

       Rod had barely climbed off Jamie when another man took his place.  Robert
watched in horror for the next twenty minutes as one man after another took his
daughters ass.  He didn't think he could take anymore when finally the screen
went blank.  At least his horror was over, at least till the next days tape
arrived. 




       				Day Four

      

       Robert tried to make it to the office, he got up, he showered and
dressed.  He put on a pot of coffee, but then, as he walked past the TV, the
memories hit him.  Instead of getting in his car to drive into the office, he
called Lisa and told her he wouldn't be in, again.  As soon as he got off the
phone he went to the liquor cabinet and started searching for a bottle.  He'd
finished off all the vodka already--his favorite--and in spite of his hatred for
it, he pulled out the gin.  He downed the first glass with reticence, the
subsequent glasses went down much easier. 

       Robert woke up when he heard the knock at the door.  He had looked
passable in the morning, but after his bout of drinking, he looked a mess. 

       Lisa stood waiting outside when he opened the door.

       "Mr....Sir, what's happened to you?"  Lisa looked in shock as she stared
at the disheveled figure before her, "I tried calling, but-what's that smell?" 
Robert held tight to the door for support, it was all he could do to remain
standing.

       "Sir, what's happened to you?"  Robert only grunted in response. 

       "Do you have the numbers I asked for?"

       "Yes sir, I do, but-"

       "Give them to me."  Lisa handed Robert a large manila folder.  He quickly
glanced inside at the spreadsheets, and assorted papers, then he started to
close the door.

       "Sir, wait, this package was delivered to the office, the man said it was
urgent."  Robert ripped the cardboard box from Lisa's hand.  He started to slam
the door again, but Lisa put her foot in the door. 

       "Sir, what's wrong, can I help you?"  Robert glared at her for an
instant, trying to drive her away with his anger, but looking at her, he could
see the concern in her eyes and his manner softened. 

       "I'm sorry Lisa, it's nothing, nothing you can help with at least.  I'm
sorry."  With more gentleness he started to close the door again, but Lisa still
stood impassive in the doorway.

       "Sir, I'd like to help."  Robert almost broke down and confided in her,
but instead he just shook his head softly.

       "I'm sorry, there is nothing you can do."  Lisa let the door slam shut as
Robert disappeared into the house.  She stood alone on the porch for a moment,
before she walked back to her car.  She thought about heading home, but instead
she went to the office to make some calls. 

       Robert pushed the tape in the VCR and collapsed on the couch.  He stared
at the blank screen for a couple minutes before he finally hit play.  He was
terrified of what he might see when he did. 

       When he started the VCR the screen filled with snow, then it cleared. 
Rod appeared, he was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans.

       "Hey Buddy, sorry we ran out of tape last night, I know you must be
disappointed, but we'll make it up to you today.  Actually, it was pretty quiet
after the tape ran out, well, until Jamie tried to crawl away, and well, the
boys kind of pounced on her.  I think that kind of turned them on, because a
line formed up to use her just after.  We had a pretty nice three-way going, and
I am sorry we didn't catch that on tape.  I don't think Jamie liked it too much. 
The boys got in a good rhythm, in and out, deep in her cunt and ass, and then
one more in her mouth.  Three at the same time, I'm not sure she was quite ready
for that?  Yeah, I'm sorry we didn't get that on tape, it was art, it really was
Buddy."  Rod ran his hand over his groin, rubbing himself through his jeans. 

       "We were going to give Melissa a shot today Buddy, let her join the
womanhood club with the other girls, but you know, me and the boys, to be
honest, our balls are aching, and our girls, they wanted to be part of the show
too.  They do so much for us, and they never get the respect they deserve, so
today, it's their turn.  They voted, and they want to play with Jamie, after
all, she was so good to them when we had her licking their pussies, and well,
the girls wanted to return the favor.  Having all her holes opened up, Jamie's
good and ready now."  The camera left Rod and moved to Jamie, she was seated,
naked, her wrists were tied to the arms of a chair, her ankles were tied to the
legs.  Her mouth was filled with a huge gag. 

       "Buddy, the girls wanted her cleaned up some, so we gave her a shower. 
She smells all nice and pretty.  If you were here right now you could get a
whiff how sweet she smells.  Oh well, I guess you'll just have to believe me?" 
Screams erupted in the background.

       "Oh, that's just Susan Buddy."  The camera turned and focused well beyond
where Jamie sat, there was a mattress on the floor, Susan was on her knees, one
man pounded into her from behind, she had her arms in front of her, wrapped
around another man's hips, his cock was buried in her mouth, and Susan was
trying with all her might to deep throat him. 

       "Well, I guess not all the boys are aching that much Buddy, and Susan, it
sure looks like she learned something from her little Sis.  See how she's
working that cock in her mouth?  Man that's impressive.  Oh, well, to be fair,
you know, I guess we did threaten to string her up by her tits like her mom,
maybe that's why she's decided to give us a little more effort today?"  The
camera zoomed in, Robert couldn't take his eyes off the scene, his daughter, she
looked like a little slut as she worked the man's cock in her mouth.  She looked
like some girl from a porno.  She took the man's cock as deep in her throat as
nature would allow, if not more than nature would allow, her jaws looked like
they would snap at any moment.  All the while the other man continued to fuck
her from behind.  Robert couldn't believe his eyes, he swore Susan was driving
her hips back to meet the man's thrusts.  Robert could hear the slapping of
flesh as the man fucked her, Robert could see the ripple in her muscles as
Susan's backside was reamed. 

       Robert jumped when he heard the man using Susan's pussy scream out in
pleasure.   Susan was distracted by the man pumping his load in her belly.  She
let up her concentration for a second, and the man using her mouth, his cock
slipped from between her lips.  Before she could swallow the cock again, the man
spewed his load on her face.  The camera caught it perfectly, just as she shut
her eyes to avoid the spray.  Susan's head jerked back when she felt the warm
liquid strike her face.  A thick gob of sperm was plastered against her
forehead, then another hit down over her nose, and lips.  Robert could hear
Susan whimper, then she started to crying in shame. 

       The man using her sex pulled out and disappeared.  The camera focused in
on Susan's face, the viscous goo had already started to run down her skin. 
Before she could open her eyes the camera panned out and showed another man come
into the frame.  When Susan opened her eye's she saw the man get on his back on
the mattress, he was pointing at his rampant cock.  Robert could see the
humiliation in his daughters face as she stood, and straddled him.  With her
back to the man's face she mounted him.  She started to line his cock up with
her pussy, but a quick slap to her backside made it obvious what he wanted her
to do.  Robert could see Susan gritting her teeth as the massive pole inched its
way deep in her ass. 

       In a few minutes Susan's body was covered in sweat as she worked hard to
ride the man buried in her ass.  Her thighs bulged, and her calves flexed, as
his massive cock disappeared deeper into her bowels.  Robert could hear somebody
encouraging her to work harder off camera, but he was shocked when he heard the
loud crack.

       Susan shrieked as the leather struck her back.  She redoubled her efforts
and impaled herself more deeply on the cock buried in her ass, she pistoned up
and down on the man's member like a machine.

       Robert couldn't see who had struck Susan with the belt, but whoever it
was, they were standing just off screen.  Susan's wide, terrified, eyes were
locked at whoever it was that was now whipping her.  She didn't stop pumping the
man's cock as the leather continued to strike her, she worked harder. 
Glistening trails of perspiration ran down over her flopping breasts.  Robert
could hear the slap of flesh as she took the man as deep in her ass as she
could.  Bright red marks soon appeared on her chest and belly as the person with
the belt continued to encourage her with the leather. 

       Rod stepped in front of the camera, blocking the scene of Susan's rape. 

       "We'll have to check on her later Buddy, I'm surprised, really I am. 
Maybe the boys aren't as tired as I thought?"  Jamie started screaming just
behind where Rod stood.  The camera caught three women moving towards where
Jamie sat.  The three made an odd picture, all three were naked, Robert watched
in disgust the one.  She must have weighed in at over 300 lbs.  Her breasts
jiggled against her waist like a disgusting freak show as she moved.  There was
a tattoo on one breast, it was distorted, stretched with time, and excessive
weight gain.  Robert couldn't even make out what the tattoo had at one time
represented.  The huge woman stood behind the chair.  Her massive mammaries fell
to either side of Jamie's head.  Jamie screamed in terror as the massive jugs
touched her cheeks.  The huge woman grabbed for Jamie's upper arms while the
other two women started untying her from the chair.  As soon as one of Jamie's
arms was free, the huge woman clamped hold of her wrist and held her.  Jamie
tried to fight, but she was no match for the freak that held her.  The huge
woman made no effort to keep her breasts from touching Jamie, in fact she seemed
to enjoy caressing Jamie's body with her tits. 

       The other two women continued to untie Jamie from the chair.  One of them
was covered in tattoos, and her body glimmered with piercings.  Her hair was
platinum blond, she was attractive, but Robert couldn't stop looking at the huge
eagle emblazoned over her shoulder blades. 

       The third woman, or girl, she looked to be no more than 20.  Robert never
would have guessed she was a biker chick.  She didn't look the type at all.  She
looked innocent, only the glint of metal in her nipples and nose told him she
was pierced.  The piercings were the only thing about her that ruined the image
of a sweet, innocent girl.

       When she was untied, the huge woman lifted Jamie from the chair and
carried her to an old mattress laid out on the floor.  The woman set Jamie on
the mattress and held her down with her bulk.  Her huge tits smothered Jamie,
whose legs were spread, and forced to the ground by the other women, forming a
V, the huge woman took hold of her legs and held her open.

       Rod stepped back in front of the camera.

       "I'm afraid we didn't tell your little girl what we had planned for today
Buddy.  That big woman, that's Bertha.  Ain't it interesting?  I've never met a
woman named Bertha who didn't top out at least 3 bills.  The blonde, that's
Marilyn, you know, like Monroe, and then there's, my sweet little Carol.

       Rod waved Carol over.  She moved toward him, her head down, demure, and
passive.  Rod took a small chain from his pocket.  On the one end of the chain
there was a leather handle, on the other, the chain split into two segments with
clips at each end. 

       As soon as Carol moved close enough, Rod attached the clips to her nipple
rings, he tugged on the chain to make sure they were connected properly.  Robert
watched as Carol's nipples went taut.  Rod smiled at the camera.

       "The boys gave me Carol as a gift when I explained to them my little plan
to get my money back.  She's sure helped with my recovery Buddy."  Rod ran his
hand over the scar on his neck. 

       "The boys picked up sweet Carol hitching one night.  She was coming back
from some party at college.  She had on tight little jeans, and a little halter
top with no bra, the boys couldn't hold themselves back.  It was a sight to
behold, believe me."  Rod tugged hard on the chain, Carol whimpered softly.  "I
guess it was a mistake for Carol to try and hitch that night, good for me, but a
mistake for her?  No more college for sweet Carol, now it's just the school of
hard knocks, or should I say hard cocks?"  Rod grinned at his joke and tugged
harder still on the chain, eliciting a pained yelp from Carol.

       "Isn't that right Carol?"  The girl hesitated, her eyes were wide,
focused intently on Rod.

       "Yes Master."  Carol looked to the floor.

       "Isn't that sweet Buddy."  Rod tugged hard on the chain, Carol fell to
her knees in pain.

       "She didn't want to cooperate right away Buddy, but we have our ways." 
Rod grinned at the camera.  "And now, she's a good little girl, and she'll do
whatever I say.  She just loves it on the open road Buddy, sitting right there
behind me on the hog, the vibrations between her legs.  I can hear her moaning
as we drive sometimes.  Right Carol?"  Carol hung her head low.

       "Yes Master."

       "Yeah Bob, Carol's my bitch.  Usually I like to keep her for myself, but
sometimes I do share her.  You know, I'll let the boys all take her, one by one,
kind of like your girls.  One time we were at this biker conference, you know, a
fancy thing, in a hotel, set up in a big old hall with all kinds of tables and
speeches droning on.  Well, I had Carol get down on her knees and crawl from
table to table sucking off all those guys.  She was the life of the party.  Her
stomach was so full after, her little belly actually bulged Buddy.  We took her
to the hospital and had her stomach pumped, but not till I had Carol make
payment to the doctors.  It must have been a slow night at the hospital, I had
10 doctors working on Carol, and you know, I never did get a bill for the
stomach pumping.  Oh well, the good old days."  Rod ran his hand through Carol's
hair

       "You know, I've been thinking if Monster ever does show up, I've been
thinking about giving Melissa, or Jamie to him, he needs a chick?"  Rod paused,
looking wistfully at the camera, "Oh, but Melissa, I'm tempted to take her
myself Buddy, Carol needs a little sister to help her out under the table."

       Carol yelped as Rod jerked at the nipple chain again, then something
distracted him off camera. 

       "Say Buddy, the girls want to get going, and I suppose we should get
started.  Have you ever heard of fisting Buddy?  Well, I was talking to Jamie
last night after she was through with the boys, well, that's not exactly true, I
guess I was talking to her when she was bent over a chair and one of the boys
was fucking her from behind, but that's neither here nor there, but what is
important is that she was telling me she didn't cum once where we were fucking
her.  Well, the girls heard that, and they promised me if the could have Jamie
today, well, they would get little old Jamie to come at least once.  And get
this Buddy, Jamie told me with all those boys fucking her, it actually hurt? 
Can you believe that, a little nympho like her didn't enjoy all those fine boy's
cocks?  Well, the girls, they're going to try and change that today."

       The camera moved off Rod and focused past him to a woman standing between
Jamie's spread legs.  Robert recognized her at once as Janice, the woman who had
shaved the girls, and who had "checked" their virginity. 

       Bertha continued to hold Jamie's legs wide, Robert could see the strain
in Jamie's hips as her thighs were pushed nearly flat to the mattress.  Bertha's
massive tits dangled in Jamie's face, the grotesque flesh framed Jamie's head as
she tried to rise and look what Janice was doing.

       "No, No, get away, god please, get away!"  Jamie screamed as Janice moved
closer.  Janice knelt between Jamie's legs, Robert could see Jamie struggling
against Bertha's hold, but she couldn't budge the huge woman.  Bertha knelt on
Jamie's wrists and held her ankles tight in her grasp. 

       "What are you doing, what are you doing?  Please, please, stop this,
don't do this, please!"  Jamie shrieked and Bertha's breasts shook, but she
still held tight to the fighting little girl. 

       "Stop, please!"  Janice was flexing her hand, balling it into a fist, and
then pointing the fingers out straight like an arrow.  She took a bottle of oil
from beside where she knelt and poured the liquid over her hand till it
glistened in the lights.  Jamie went silent, her mouth was gaping. 

       Janice rubbed the oil down over her forearm till her whole arm shone in
the lights.  With her free hand she gently grabbed the delicate flesh of Jamie's
labia and spread the lips.  Robert could see Jamie still fighting in Bertha's
hold, but she couldn't move the monumental woman. 

       "No, no, stop, what are you doing?"  Jamie shrieked, her voice went
higher and higher till it was no longer discernable.

       Janice played with Jamie's pussy, her fingers disappeared in and out of
Jamie's sex. 

       "No, no, please!"  Jamie was sobbing, there was a desperate resignation
in her pleading, "no, please..."

       Janice held up her glistening hand in the lights and brought her fingers
into a point.  Robert gripped the sides of the chair. 

       Jamie started screaming when the tip of Janice's finger touched her sex. 
Robert's fingers dug into the fabric, he could hear the cloth ripping in his
hands.

       Janice's fingers slid in Jamie's opening, the little girl's screams were
horrible.  Janice twisted her hand in a gentle circle, trying to work her
fingers deeper into the tortured girl's sex.   Jamie began whimpering, though
there was almost as much volume in her desperate pleas as there was in her
screams.  The whimpering was heartbreaking to Robert.

       Janice moved slowly, methodically, as she tried to wedge her thumb in
Jamie's sex.  She broke through with a jerk, and in an instant her wrist
disappeared deep in Jamie's belly.  

       Jamie went silent, her eyes were huge with shock as she looked down over
her body and saw the forearm of the woman protruding from her once virginal sex. 

       "That's a good girl Jamie, that's a good girl."  Janice massaged the
inside of Jamie's thigh with her free hand.  Jamie's shock wore off and she
started screaming as Janice began twisting her hand inside the womb of the young
girl. 

       Jamie's hips thumped against the mattress as Janice started thrusting
with her impaled arm, her fingers pinched, prodded, and explored deep in Jamie's
body as she pounded into her.

       Robert could see Jamie's arms cord as she tried to fight against Bertha's
hold, but it was a lost cause.  Bertha started rocking Jamie's body to meet
Janice's movements.  With her free hand Janice started playing with Jamie's
clit.

       "Noooooo, Nooooo!"  Jamie screamed as Janice worked on her sex.  Bertha
shifted her body so her nipple was pressed against Jamie's lips.  Jamie tried to
roll her head away, but Janice slapped her belly. 

       "Suck it, suck it!"  Janice's fist drove deep in Jamie's sex.  She
continued to slap Jamie till she started sucking Bertha's huge tit.  Robert had
never seen anything more disgusting than the huge mass of flesh sucked into
Jamie's mouth. 

       Rod stepped in front of the camera and smiled.  He didn't say a word. 
With his evil grin Rod tugged hard on Carol's nipple chain.  Carol yelped, her
tits went taut under the strain of the chains pull. 

       "Go help Janice baby."  Rod let the chain fall to the ground, Carol
rubbed her aching breasts, and whimpered as she crawled to where Janice was
still fist fucking Jamie. 

       The slurping of Janice's fist being removed from Jamie's sex caused
Robert to cringe.

       Janice took hold of Carol's nipple chain and tugged her toward Jamie.

       "Give me your hand."  Carol raised her hand.  Janice poured oil over.

       "Come on, you know what to do."  Carol hesitated for an instant, then
moved her glimmering hand towards Jamie's sex.  Jamie's screams were a spike
being driven through Robert's brain.   Carol worked her fingers into a ball,
spreading the oil over her hand, she then slid them into Jamie's opening. 
Carol's wrist was smaller than Janice's, and the insertion was easier.  It was
obvious that Carol didn't want to fist fuck Jamie, but with Janice pulling hard
on her nipples with the chain, she had no choice. 

       "Come on, fuck her harder!"  Carol looked behind her, back at Janice, she
was pouring oil over her hand. 

       Carol turned her head and started fisting Jamie in earnest.  Robert could
hear Carol cry out as Janice's fingers slid in her sex. 

       The fabric of the chair ripped in Robert's hands. 

       Rod stepped in front of the screen and began speaking.

       "My little Carol doesn't much like to be fisted herself Buddy, but I like
seeing it."  The camera focused in on Carol's pretty young face.  There was a
mixture of revulsion, and pain, in her eyes as she continued to thrust her fist
deep in Jamie's sex, while Janice's hand pounded into her own belly. 

       Robert's mouth was dry, he couldn't believe what he was seeing.  After
Carol had fist fucked Jamie for awhile, Janice tugged her away by pulling on the
nipple chains.  Carol's hand popped out of Jamie's sex with an audible pop, then
another woman moved between Jamie's spread legs and started fist fucking Jamie. 
Carol collapsed on the floor near Jamie and started sobbing, the camera focused
in on her heaving back, and her tortured crying. 

       The camera moved and focused in on Jamie's face, it disappeared between
Bertha's legs.  The huge woman straddled Jamie's head and lowered her sex onto
Jamie's mouth.  Two other women moved to grab Jamie's hands while Bertha started
riding Jamie's mouth.  It took mere moments before Bertha's massive tits
shuddered, and she came in a monumental orgasm. 

       Robert closed his eyes, he could hear the vile happenings on the screen,
but he couldn't look anymore.  He could hear Jamie's screams, and the awful
sucking sounds, but he couldn't watch.  He could feel his stomach churning and
he wanted to vomit.  He couldn't believe what was happening.  Even now, after 4
days, he couldn't believe it was all happening. 

       When he heard Rod's voice Robert opened his eyes. 

       "That's a great show Buddy, but I guess the boys got a little bored." 
The camera left the unnatural happenings with Jamie, and focused in on Susan. 
She was kneeling on the floor, her hands were being held behind her back by one
of the men.  He was naked, and his cock was hard, and threatening, behind her.

       Susan started screaming as another man approached her from the front. 
She tried to fight the man holding her, Robert could see her arms twist, but she
couldn't break free. 

       A man stood in front of Susan, he held a long piece of string, it was
string, but thick string.  The man started playing with Susan's nipple,
pinching, pulling, and twisting the flesh till it grew hard in his fingers.  He
formed a little loop at the end of the string and pulled it tight around Susan's
nipple.

       "NOOOOOO!  NOOO!, please..."  the man tugged hard on the string, and the
loop tightened around Susan's aureole. 

       Quickly, the biker looped a second piece of string around Susan's other
nipple.  He stepped back, his yellow teeth were visible in the light as he
grinned.  Susan's breasts stretched as the man pulled the string taut.  The
other man still held Susan's hands behind her back, with the tension on her
breasts, the flesh was pulled into sharp points. 

       Jamie's screams erupted in the background.  Robert felt his stomach was
about to let loose. 

       The man holding Susan's wrists bent forward and whispered something in
her ear.  Robert couldn't hear what he said, he wasn't sure he wanted to hear. 
He could see Susan's lip quiver as a tear ran down her face. 

       The man holding the string ripped at the cord.  Susan's pained screams
rang through the room, and the man holding her wrists let go.  In a vain
attempt, Susan tried to crawl forward and relieve the strain on her nipples. 

       "Please, please-----Ahhhhhhhh!"  Susan almost fell forward as the man
tugged hard on her breasts again.  Robert watched in horror as Susan crawled
behind the man like a dog, being led by her tortured breasts.  She tried to beg,
to plead, but she never moved to grab the string.  Her pleas only seemed make
the man pull her harder on her nipples.

       The camera jerked to the right and focused on the mass of writhing female
flesh lying on the floor.  Jamie was on her back, her legs were spread wide, and
a woman was on top of her.  At first Robert couldn't figure out what was going
on.  The woman's hips were bucking, her breasts were crushed against Jamie's,
their moist bodies shone in the light.  Only when the woman's hips rose could he
see the massive strap on dildo pummeling Jamie's sex. 

       The camera zoomed in on Jamie's face.  Tears streamed down her cheeks as
the woman clamped her mouth on Jamie's.  Robert could see the woman's tongue
exploring Jamie's mouth. 

       Robert closed his eyes for an instant, unable to bear it.  When he opened
them again, the camera had moved to Susan.  She was bent over a rail, her legs
were spread wide and a man was fucking her from behind.  Her tits were pulled
taut by the string, and the camera followed the thin white lines away from her
tortured breasts.  Robert saw Rod pulling hard on the strings.  The camera
zoomed in, Carol was on her knees in front of him, trying to deep throat Rod's
cock.  His eyes were closed, and he was pulling impossibly hard on the string in
the midst of his pleasure.  Carol's wrists were cuffed behind her back as her
head moved up and down over Rod's rampant cock.  Robert could hear Carol gagging
as she tried to take in his member. 

       A chorus of chants rose from the direction of Susan. 

       "Fuck him, fuck him, fuck him....."  A crowd of men stood around where
Susan was being raped.  Robert could see her driving back with her hips to meet
the man's thrusts.  With each movement her breasts seemed to stretch impossibly
as the string pulled taut. 

       The camera moved to catch Jamie screaming.  She was pushed face down on a
woman laying on her back.  Robert could see the massive dildo impaled in her sex
as she rode the woman.  Jamie's young body strained to accommodate the massive
shaft.  The woman's arms were locked around Jamie's back, holding her down.

       The camera zoomed out, and Robert could see Janice standing over Jamie. 
She was pouring oil over the massive strap on rubber phallus locked around her
waist. 

       Janice knelt behind Jamie, with her oil soaked fingers she pried open
Jamie's nether hole, then  inching the massive dildo deep in Jamie's rectum, she
started anal fucking her.  Jamie's screams were unbearable as the huge rubber
shaft penetrated her.

       The camera moved quickly to the left.  Susan was on her knees, the
strings attached to her breasts were limp, and fell to the floor, not held by
Rod or the other men.  Susan rubbed her aching tits and sobbed.

       "God, please, no, please, stop..."  A man moved in behind Susan, Robert
could see the massive strap on dildo he held in his hands.  He started working
the harness up between Susan's legs and over her hips.  The huge rubber pole
swayed under its own weight as it was attached to Susan's waist. 

       "Please, please, stop this, you can't..."  Susan's words trailed off in
desperation.  Behind her the man reached around and cupped her breasts, then
lifted her to her feet.   

	 When she was standing the man grabbed for the reins, or the string,
that still dangled from her nipples.  He directed her toward where Jamie was
face down on the woman.  The strap on that was attached to Susan's body must
have been a good 12" long.

	Jamie screamed out in pain as the woman below continued to fuck her. 

	The man pulled Susan forward so she was behind Jamie, the looming rubber
cock above her sister's backside.  With the leads attached to her breasts, the
man forced Susan to her knees by jerking the string hard forward. 

	"AHHHHH, please, don't!"  Susan screamed out, the tears pouring down her
face.  "Stop this, please!"

	Janice knelt next to Susan and started pouring oil over the strap on,
she then lined up the massive dildo with Jamie's rear opening. 

	In a sudden movement Susan was tugged forward, her nipples were pulled
painfully, and the strap on she wore was forced deep in Jamie's ass.

	"Nooooooo, Nooooo!"  Susan screamed as the massive prick penetrated her
sister's ass.  Janice moved behind Susan and took hold of her hips, forcing her
to fuck Jamie in deep thrusts. 

	Jamie's horrible screams filled the warehouse.  Robert finally hit the
stop button and the screen went blank.  He collapsed on his knees and sobbed. 

	Barely able to control his shaking hand Robert looked through the folder
Lisa had given him.  He could find some money for Rod, but would it be enough?



			(Next, Day Five).  Thanks for reading.  Semiater
							semiater@yahoo.com




						Day Five
						

       Robert slowly walked to the VCR, his hands trembled as he put the tape
in.  Lisa hadn't even fought him, or tried to find out what was going on when
she dropped off the tape.  She looked like a ghost, and was clearly not herself. 
She'd called him early, the panic was obvious in her voice.  She'd found the
package on her kitchen counter with a note attached telling her to give it to
him immediately.  Robert tried not to think about the reality of what had
happened.  How had they known where she lived?  And worse yet, that they'd broke
in, while she'd been there.  He knew he should have warned her more, but he had
stopped thinking clearly days ago. 

       The screen was covered in snow when he pushed in the tape, for a second
he thought it was blank, then it snapped to life.  Rod sat in a chair in front
of a gray wall.

       "Robert, Robert, Buddy, God, I'm so disappointed in you.  That even a
scumbag like you could let me treat your girls like this.  After all the fun
we've had these past few days, I would have thought it would have driven a great
businessman like you to find some of the money lying around."  Rod shook his
head in disappointment.  "Just think, only one of your girls has any of her
openings left untouched still.  I really thought our display with Jamie would
have been enough, but I guess not?"  Rod grinned into the camera.

       "Well Robert, I guess we're going to have to start with the real stuff,
just to prove to you that we're in a very serious game right now."  Rod stood
and walked back to the familiar area of the warehouse.  Robert's three daughters
were in a row, each was wearing impossibly high heels, and were naked.  They
were bent at the waist with their wrists pulled up high behind their backs and
chained above.  Their breasts quivered as they stared straight ahead trying to
maintain their balance on the heels.  Susan's breasts heaved the most, while
Melissa's small buds remained for the most part still.  Each girl had a bit gag
inserted in their mouths.  The straps passed over their faces and meet at the
forehead.  It almost made them look inhuman.  Robert heard them moaning as their
legs wobbled.  He could see the lines of drool that fell to the floor beneath
their mouths. 

       "Ah, our three pretty young things, unfortunately they're not in action
today.  Oh, I know, you're disappointed, but they are observers in tonight
performance, just like you."  The camera moved to the left and Robert saw his
wife's still lovely body come into the picture.  She was bent back over a small
platform.  It was only about 24" off the ground.  Her legs were pulled back
under her body, as were her arms, they were all tied together underneath the
platform.  Her head hung free over one end.  Her mouth was filled with a large
piece of white cloth.

       "You're beautiful wife Robert," Rod held his hand out in a mock display,
"she will be the center of attention for tonight's festivities.  If you've
noticed, her breasts are starting to return to a more normal shade."  Robert
heard his wife scream as Rod flicked her nipple with his finger.

       "Oh, we don't need this."  Rod reached down and pulled the cloth from her
mouth.  It seemed to keep coming, like a magic trick.  Rod pulled more and more
cloth from her mouth till it finally stopped.  She coughed and spurted for a
moment, then began screaming and begging.

       "Please, stop, you can't do this, please-"

       "Shhh girl."  Rod covered her mouth with his hand.  She went quiet, but
her eyes still showed the fear.

       "I must confess Robert, we told your girls what the plan was already, and
I guess your lovely wife just doesn't much want to play along.  Oh well, too
bad, she knew the rules, just like you did, but I suppose I should let you in on
our plan.  I do so think you'll enjoy it!"  Rod reached above Karen.  Robert
could see her shake as Rod pulled down what looked like wires, they were
connected together at the end, but seemed to pull in from all four directions. 

       The camera moved in closer on Rod while keeping Karen's horrified face in
the view. 

       "You see, we've decided to go fishing."  Rod held up one of the end of a
wire to the camera.  Robert recognized it as a fish hook, a large barbed fish
hook.  It must have been 2" long, and Robert could make out multiple barbs that
went against the shape of the hook to keep it embedded in the fish after it was
snagged. 

       "We've decided to have a monumental circle jerk Buddy, but we didn't want
your wife to close her mouth on us.  We want her to swallow all our sperm. 
After all, she needs her nutrition, without your, oops, I mean my money, we
can't afford to feed them much," the camera quickly showed Robert's bent over
daughters.  Their bodies shook under the strain, tears and drool ran down their
faces.  The camera quickly moved back to Robert's wife.  Her eyes were bloodshot
and her face looked haggard. 

       "And gags, ring gags, or dental dams, oh, I suppose we could use them,
but they're so intrusive, and don't allow for a wide hole to shot your load in,
but hooks, they can be attached without taking up much space at all, and they
can spread those lips wide and make for a perfect target."  Rod's smile was like
a horrible apparition.  "Yeah, I'm sure you're asking about the drawbacks,
you're right, there are those nasty scars when you pull the barbs back out, and
then there is the blood, but really, it is that much to ask when compared to a
scar like this."  Rod touched the metal of the fish hook to the grotesque slash
on his neck. 

       "No, I didn't think so.  I think we're about ready to get started, you're
daughters look ready for the show," The camera moved to show the terrified faces
of the young girls again.  It zoomed in on Melissa's leg and the stream of
liquid that ran down the inside of her thigh.  Rod roared in laughter off
screen.

       "She's so excited Buddy she peed her pants, well, that is, if she was
wearing pants.  That's a nice shot, unplanned, but a nice shot nonetheless. 
What do you say, shall we get started?"  Rod held the hooks in his hand.  He
pulled one down to Karen's mouth.

       "Now hold still my dear, I must put in all four before we tighten them
up, otherwise the uneven strain, it would rip right through your lip, and we
wouldn't want that, now would we?"  The camera caught her nod and the tears that
streamed down her cheek, it was obvious to Robert that she'd already been
severely threatened.

       "This might sting a little."  Rod mocked her as her as he pulled the wire
toward her mouth.  She tried to twist away, infuriating him instantly.  Rod
snapped his finger and the camera turned to show one of the bikers walking
toward Susan.  At first it was hard to tell what he held, only the flash of
metal was visible in his hand, but Robert's wife knew.  Susan's agonized screams
filled the room and came blasting through the TV.  Robert was able to make out
the pliers that the biker squeezed down on Susan's nipple and twisted.  As the
camera showed Jamie and Melissa, Robert could see the abject horror in their
faces as they watched the pliers rip at Susan's flesh.

       Rod snapped his fingers again and the man let go of Susan's tortured
breast.

       "Shall we try that again my dear?"  Susan's sobs filled the room and
Robert's wife slowly nodded her head yes. 

       "Good, now hold still."  Rod reached for Karen's mouth and pulled her
lower lip out.  Pinching the skin between his fingers he pressed the hook
through the inside of her lip.  The camera focused in as the sharp point of the
hook broke through Karen's flesh.  Her screams were unbearable.  After the hook
was through Rod let go of Karen's skin and let the wire dangle from the newly
impaled hook. 

       "One down."  The blood ran down Karen's cheek and inside her mouth.  Rod
grabbed for the other side of her lower lip and quickly pierced the skin with
another hook.  The pair of wires hung loose from her bleeding gums. 

       "Only two more to go my dear, isn't this fun?"  The camera showed the
three young girls trembling in fear, their breasts shook wildly as they could
barely remain standing.  Susan's nipple was scared red from the pliers. 

       Rod grabbed for Karen's upper lip next.  Her screams came with less vigor
as the pain overwhelmed her. 

       After the next two hooks had been embedded Rod stood back.  The wires
dangled loosely from above.  He snapped his finger and a small hum could be
heard in the background.  The slack in the wires went away and the wires went
taut.  As the tension increased, Karen's lips were pulled out in all four
directions.  A scream again came from her mouth, it was more hollow, and
unfocused as her lips were pulled wide.  The blood streaked down from the four
new wounds in her mouth.  When her lips were expanded to a grotesque width, the
motor finally stopped.  Robert felt his stomach churn as he looked on his wife's
distorted face. 

       Rod stepped back in front of the camera.					

       "God, isn't that beautiful Bob" The muscles in Karen's neck were corded,
and bulging, as she tried to hold her head up, trying to relieve the tension on
the wires. 

       "Shall we get started Buddy?"  Rod dropped his pants and revealed his
massive cock already hard.  "I'll go first." The rhythmic slapping of flesh rose
on the video as Rod began beating himself off.  He moved close to Karen's face,
her eyes grew wide as she tried to hold still and deal with the inevitable. 

       Rod moved his member closer to Karen's face, his hand moved up and down
over his shaft quickly till he let out a monumental groan of pleasure.  The
camera caught his spurting cum explode from his prick and shoot over Karen's
face.  She instinctively recoiled when the warm goo hit her, forgetting about
the hooks buried in her mouth. 

       Rod was right on target, most of his load found the huge hole Karen's
lips made.  Some struck her cheek before dripping into her gaping mouth.  As he
moaned in pleasure, still gently caressing his prick, Rod knelt down and
fingered the sex of the tortured woman, Robert could hear her moan, he didn't
know if it was in pleasure, or pure humiliation. 

       Rod lifted his pants off the floor and walked to where Melissa was bent
over at the waist, her wrists pulled high in the air, she tried to jerk away as
he squeezed her breast.

       "Well Bob, sit back and enjoy the show, I'll make sure nobody touches
your little girl, yet!"   The camera moved to show the men surrounding Karen. 
The sound of hands on cocks filled the room.  The rhythmic sound of flesh was
only interrupted by grunts of pleasure as one man after another spent themselves
on Karen's face.  In no time her gorgeous features were covered, her cheeks, her
eyes, her forehead, her hair, they were all covered with sticky white sperm. 
But it was her mouth that received the majority of the biker's cum.  Her
grotesquely distorted lips allowed ample area for the men to aim at.  Karen's
throat convulsed as she tried to swallow it all as it pooled in her mouth.  She
had no other choice, either swallow or choke.

       Robert's daughters looked on in horror.  Their mother could barely hold
up her head and the hooks tugged violently on her stretched skin.  Tears
streamed down the girls' faces as they looked on the horrible display before
them. 

       After an hour Robert didn't think he could take any more.  Most of the
biker's passions had been sated, sometimes on more than one occasion.  Carol was
dragged on stage and was forced to give hand jobs to some of the men to bring
them off.  As soon as she brought off one man, aiming the vile member at Karen's
face with her hands, another man stepped up.  Her body was doused with shots
that had missed their mark.  Her beautiful blond hair was specked with globs of
cum, but it was nothing like Robert's wife.  Karen's face was covered, huge
pools formed in her eye sockets.  Her mouth was filled with sperm, it was
clearly visible on camera.  Her stomach convulsed and forced cum to bubble down
her cheeks and up through her nose.  One of the hooks had ripped free because
she could no longer support the weight of her own head.  Her daughters screamed
as the blood oozed from the open wound. 

       Rod appeared on camera again as the line of men slowed to a trickle.

       "Bob, think that's enough?  I'm feeling generous, and I think she's been
a good trooper."  Rod took a bucket of cold water and poured it over Karen's
head.  It both cleaned some of the collected sperm, and also revived her to the
pain in her lips.  The tension in the wires started being released as Robert
could hear the quiet hum in the background, and Karen's head slung lower and
lower.  She had been unable to hold her head up for sometime, the remaining
hooks had bore the weight and forced the barbs deeper in her lips. 

       Rod pulled a chair up to the tortured woman and sat down.  He took her
head in his lap.  In his hand he held a large pair of pliers, grabbing the top
end of one of the hooks with the tool he began pulling the barbs back through
the wound.  Karen let out a wretched scream as the sharp points were pulled
against her flesh.  She passed out as the first hook was pulled free. 

       Without words Rod directed one of the other bikers to bring him smelling
salts.  Karen came to with her eyes gaping.  Her cheek twitched as she started
screaming again. 

       Karen's eyes were glazed over when Rod was through pulling the last two
hooks through her lips.  She'd been revived 3 more times in the process.  The
screen went blank.  Robert barely made it to the bathroom in time.   




						Day Six


	Robert could barely open his eyes.  Even in his state he could smell how
awful the house stank.  Before he could even fathom what was going on, he saw
the tape sitting on the coffee table.  He didn't even feel shocked anymore.  He
got up and pushed the tape in the VCR.  $20,000,000 had been transferred to the
Swiss account Rod had told him to deposit the money in, but he knew it wouldn't
be enough to sate Rod's vengeance.  Robert was having a hard time finding more
money, at least in the quantity, and with the speed, he knew Rod wanted it. 
Just to transfer the $20 million he'd had to use most of his, and the companies,
liquid assets.   

	Rod appeared on the screen, he was smiling, his teeth shone like weapons
in the light. 

	"Hello Bob, I do appreciate your sending the money.  I'd show you all
the smiling faces of my crew, but most are still out on the town celebrating.  I
guess your girl's are starting to bore them?  I don't have that problem of
course."  Rod stroked his cock through his pants. 

       A huge dog came running on the screen and leapt at Rod's chest.  Robert
could see Rod stagger, and he almost fell under the weight of the beast.  The
dog, it was a huge black lab, it must have weighed at least 150lbs.  The dog
licked Rod's face with its huge flapping tongue. 

	"Get down Scooby, get down!"  The dog barked and stood next to Rod, its
huge tail wagged madly.  Rod patted the dog on the head. 

	"Well Bob, I thought about giving the girls a break today, after all,
$20,000,000?  I suppose it could buy a day off, especially with Karen's ordeal
yesterday, but..."  Rod pet the dog on the head, scratching behind its ears,
"but, you see, this here is Scooby.  He's the guy that found me lying, almost
dead, at the side of the road.  So, you see, I owe him a lot."  Rod patted the
shiny coat of the large lab.  "And, Daphne, that's our bitch dog, she's been in
heat, and it's damn near been driving Scooby mad.  We don't need any more pups
right now, so we've had to keep them apart, and with the boys gone, well, I had
an idea."  Rod slapped his thigh.  "Here girl!"  Melissa crawled out into the
screen on all fours.  A dog collar was around her neck, there was a large metal
tag hanging from the collar.

	"Hey buddy, we've taken Melissa here as our own little pet."  Rod looked
down at Melissa, "speak doggy!"

	Melissa let out a weak bark.  Scooby moved toward her and started
licking her face.  Melissa recoiled at his attentions, while Rod smiled at the
scene. 

	"Oh Buddy, isn't that cute?"  Rod paused for an instant, then looked up
at the camera.  "No, we're not going to let old Scooby pop Melissa's cherry, I
still want to save that for myself.  No, Susan, she plays the bitch so well, and
I thought we'd let her thank Scooby for me."  The camera moved to the left, into
the picture came Susan, she was kneeling over a padded frame, her arms and legs
were tied to the floor, she swayed her hips side to side trying to find a
bearable position, but it gave the appearance that she was trying to entice.  To
Susan's right Jamie lay on her back, her legs were spread and tied to the floor. 
Her arms were pulled over her head and also tied to the floor. 

	Scooby barked loud and the camera focused in on Rod, he was patting the
dog on the head.

	"Relax Scooby, relax."  Rod looked straight into the lens.  "You see
Buddy, Scooby knows what's coming next.  We've done this before.  Oh, at first
it wasn't intentional of course, we'd found this little Asian girl.  Man she was
cute.  We found her one night hiding in the park, she'd run away.  Well, after
me and the boys used her, well, we'd left her kind of bound, kind of like Susan
is now, and, as we were eating dinner, wouldn't you know, Scooby, he mistook her
for his bitch and started riding that little girl.  Man you should have heard
those screams.  I think Scooby got the taste for girls then.  Li, yeah, that was
her name, she became a real good show girl for us.  We'd set up these tents off
in some field, or use a barn, and charge $5 a head and have Scooby go at her. 
We finally sold Li to a donkey show down in Mexico a few months ago, but I know
Scooby's still got the taste for little girls."  Rod from out in front of the
camera for an instant and returned with a metal can.  He held it up to the
camera.

	"This is Scooby's favorite dog food, man he can't get enough of the
stuff, and we didn't want Jamie feeling alone."  Rod stepped between Jamie's
splayed legs and knelt on the ground.  With his hand he began spreading the meat
substance between Jamie's legs and over her sex.  Jamie's head was raised off
the floor and she stared with terrified eyes at Rod.  Her legs jerked and bucked
as he spread the paste liberally over her most intimate parts.   Scooby barked
and hopped like a rabid dog behind Rod trying to get past him to the meat paste. 
The camera caught Susan looking back at the dog, her eyes were filled with
revulsion. 

	Before Rod could even move away from between Jamie's legs Scooby pushed
him out of the way and started licking madly at the paste.  Jamie's screams
filled the room, her mouth was gaping and her head was raised as the huge dog
greedily lapped away at the meat paste spread over her sex.  The camera focused
in on Scooby's tongue licking at Jamie's cunt.  The camera stayed locked in on
the scene for a few moments till the brown meat paste was all licked away from
the surface of Jamie's skin, then Scooby forced his tongue deep in Jamie's
snatch where Rod had forced the paste in.  The camera caught Scooby's tongue
disappearing well into Jamie's hole. 

	Jamie screamed like a banshee, not in pain, the pleasure was clear in
her screams.  Her stomach rolled and convulsed, her nipples went hard and her
head collapsed back on the floor as her thighs contracted in pleasure against
the bonds. 

	The camera shifted slightly and moved to Rod.  Scooby could still be
seen licking away at Jamie in the background. 

	"You know Buddy, I think little Jamie just had her first orgasm.  Would
you have ever guessed that?  The boys couldn't do it, neither could the girls,
but Scooby," the dog barked, his head was buried in between Jamie's legs, his
tongue was exploring deep in her belly looking for the remaining food.

	Rod held up a moist towel to the screen, it was stained.

	Scooby is more interested in Jamie at the moment, but I believe this
will shift his attention to Suzy."  Rod stepped behind where Susan was bound. 
She started screaming and twisting her head to see what he was doing as Rod ran
the towel over her sex.  Rod ran his hand over her hips and her exposed rump.

	"Don't worry Suzy, you'll get your turn.  I think Scooby is all ready
for a little slut like you!  I'm sure he'll be on you any second now."  Rod
tapped Susan on the backside again.  She was screaming, it looked like her face
was on fire it was so red.

	Almost before Rod could back away Scooby was barking, and moved up
between Susan's legs.  Her screams continued to rise in volume.  Her neck was
twisted, and her eyes were focused on the huge black dog that loomed behind her. 
His nose was buried in her pussy, taking in the smell of Daphne spread over her
sex.  It took mere seconds before he was pawing at her back and trying to mount
her. 

	Robert couldn't believe the size of the dog's prick, and the huge knot
forming at the base of the shaft.  Susan fought with all her strength against
the bonds, trying desperately to get away from the dog that had climbed on her
back, his canine member jabbing away at her body.  When Scooby finally found his
target Susan's screams were unbelievable.  His canine cock buried in Susan's
sex. 

	Scooby's tail went down between his legs and he started thrusting in
Susan's sex, trying to tie in.  Scooby's muscled hips pounded into Susan, he
probably outweighed her by a number of pounds, his shiny black fur glimmered in
the light as he pumped away. 

	Thankfully Robert could no longer see the vile canine member raping his
girl, he couldn't see the knot inching, expanding, trying to lock inside Susan's
opening.  He could just see Scooby's huge body riding Susan's backside.

	Susan's screams were constant and inhuman.  Only the sounds of Susan's
screams, and Scooby's intent barking, could be heard on the tape for the next 20
minutes, till finally, gracefully, it was obvious the dog had spewed his load. 
Robert just stared at the screen, awestruck, and unable to grasp what he had
just seen, the unnatural coupling, the disgusting violation of his girl.

	Rod stepped into the frame and blocked the awful scene of Scooby still
locked into Susan's cunt.

	"You can see why we used to get 200 people a night to see Scooby work
Buddy.  You really should have seen him with Li, if you thought Suzy
screamed..."  Rod shook his head, smiling all the while.  "She was of course a
tiny girl, I suppose it hurt her more.  Though, you would have thought she'd get
used to it after as many times as Scooby fucked her, but she never did.  Oh
well, the good old days."  Rod paused, closing his eyes he grinned.  "I know,
you've paid good money, and this was kind of a short show today, so I wanted to
give you a little treat."  Rod tugged on a chain that led off screen.  Carol was
dragged out into the picture by her nipples.  Rod walked her to a spot in the
warehouse, the camera followed along, focusing in on Carol's stretched nipples
as Rod pulled her. 

	When they stopped Robert could see a metal shaft rising from the floor. 
It shone in the lights, on top of the metal pole was a huge black dildo.  It
looked to Robert to be impossibly thick, at least 3" in diameter, and it must
have been 15" long.

	"Come on girl, time to give old Bob a show."  Carol yelped as Rod pulled
her toward the shaft.  Rod turned to look into the camera.

	"Sometimes Bob, when Scooby's working, we like to give the customers a
little more."  Rod slapped his thigh.  "Come on girl, get a move on." 

	Carol squatted over the huge shaft, she gritted her teeth when the tip
of the pole touched her sex.  With her fingers she gently spread her labia and
slowly inched the massive cock deeper and deeper in her body.  Robert could see
the effort, and strain, in her face.  The cock was huge, and seemed impossibly
large to fit in Carol's petite frame.  Even though he had no connection to the
girl, Robert felt for her like a father. 

	More and more of the black shaft disappeared in Carol's body, it seemed
as though it must be buried up to her navel.  A shiny patch of perspiration grew
below Carol's ribs on her belly.  Robert could hear her grunt as she impaled
herself as deep on the shaft as she could.  Robert thought he heard something
off screen, but he couldn't make it out. 

       Carol started rising off the shaft, the rubber glistened in the lights
with her juices.  Carol kept her feet planted wide, impossibly wide, her legs
were perpendicular to her torso.  Robert could see the stress in her thighs as
she started working her body up and down on the pole.  8 to 10" of the rubber
appeared, then disappeared, into her body.  Her belly was covered in a sheen of
moisture.  Robert could see the drops of perspiration run down off her forehead. 
Her hair near the scalp went dark as it grew moist with sweat.  

       Carol moaned as the massive rubber pole fucked her.  The small patch of
finely trimmed hair was easily visible above her sex as she kept her knees wide.
Her eyes were closed as she moved on the pole, Robert wondered if she imagined a
better place?

       Rod's naked body appeared on screen and stepped in front of Carol's. 
Robert couldn't see what happened, but he knew.  Not till the camera started
moving to the right could he see that Rod had forced his member deep in Carol's
throat.  Rod could hear her gagging, and when the camera focused in on the
profile, he could see Carol's jaw's distended as Rod took her mouth.  In spite
of Rod's cock buried deep in her mouth Carol didn't stop fucking the massive
rubber pole rising from the floor.  Her hips rose and fell, impaling the huge
shaft deep in her belly.  Robert listened as a mixture of gagging and moaning
sounds came from the TV. 

       It didn't take long, Rod clamped his hands on the back of Carol's head
and spurted his load down her throat.  Rod bellowed like a warrior.  Robert
imagined the warm jets of cum shooting deep in Carol's mouth as Rod held her
head tight.  He could see her trying to jerk her head away from the intrusion,
but Rod held her still.

       After holding her head clamped against his groin for a minute, Rod
stepped away from Carol, his cock going limp he didn't look at the camera.  With
her mouth free Carol continued to fuck the shaft.  She was moaning as saliva and
cum dribbled down her chin.  Robert couldn't tell if she moaned in pain or
pleasure.  Beads of sweat ran in lines over her heaving breasts, her nipples
bounced as the soft flesh jiggled in unison as she rode the giant pole. 

       Robert heard barking off screen and the camera moved to find the source. 
On a leash Rod--now dressed in a pair of shorts--led another large lab.  The dog
tried to pull away.  He jumped and clawed at the floor trying to break free. 
Rod could barely hold him back. 

       "Hey Buddy, this is our puppy Scrappy, we thought we'd give him a shot at
your girl too, we need to train him for future shows."  Rod struggled to remove
the clip from Scrappy's collar with the dog pulling so hard at the chain, when
he did finally manage to free the clip the dog bolted to where Susan and Jamie
were still bound.

       As the camera panned left to follow the dog it caught Carol still pumping
away on the shaft.  Her body shone bright in the lights.  Her thighs bulged and
her hair was soaked.  Her hair let off small sprays as she moved up and down
over the huge pole. 

       Scrappy was barking and Robert heard Jamie scream.  The camera focused in
on the dog as he licked at her pussy trying to find any of the remaining meat
paste.  His nose burrowed in her opening as if he was digging for hidden
treasure. 

       Susan lay limp in her bonds next to her sister.  Even when Scrappy turned
his attention to her Susan didn't move.  She jerked and cried out softly as
Scrappy mounted her.

       Scrappy could barely be considered a puppy, his 100 lbs of eager flesh
mounted Susan's body, his youthful prick seeking out her sex with vigor.  Susan
screamed in pain as Scrappy found his mark, then she went limp in her bonds and
passed out. 

       Robert could watch no more and turned off the VCR. 



			(Next, Day Seven).  Thanks for reading.  Semiater
							semiater@yahoo.com




Partners

Day Seven



	Robert put in the tape and Rod appeared on the screen almost
immediately, he was dressed in a black tux.  Robert couldn't see the warehouse,
a large curtain hung behind Rod and closed off the space from view

	"Good morning Buddy, it's a wonderful day in the neighborhood isn't it?" 
Rod smiled and tugged at the lapel of his jacket.  "As you can see I'm dressed
for a celebration, the boys have been on my case about introducing your little
girl to all the fun, and well, I really couldn't think of any reason to wait
anymore."  Rod rubbed his cock through the fabric of his pants.  "To be honest,
seeing Melissa around here all day on her hands and knees with that dog collar
around her neck-not to mention with her pretty little mouth on my dick-well, I
decided I needed to fuck that pussy as soon as possible."  Rod walked to the
center of the curtain and took hold of the dark fabric. 

	"It's time Buddy, the show must go on."  Rod spread the heavy cloth and
stepped through the opening.  When the camera followed Rod through a gleaming
white lace covered pedestal bed came into view.  Delicate fabric fell from the
carved wood frame above.  Robert could see Melissa spread out on the bed.  She
was completely naked, her arms were pulled up over her head and locked in place,
he could make out the crown placed on her head, it was like something given to a
teenage beauty queen.  Her legs were pulled back so her feet almost touched the
mattress to the sides of her upper torso.  Her hips were raised by a white
pillow jammed up under her pelvis. 

	"May I present your little queen Buddy!"  Rod waved his hand over the
bound body of Robert's youngest girl.  Robert could hear her whimpering as her
eyes followed Rod move to the side of the bed.  Her belly quivered and her
nipples were hard and pointed on her underdeveloped breasts.  Rod sat on the
side of the mattress, his hand went to the back of Melissa's leg and ran over
her smooth skin, his eyes never lost focus on the camera. 

	"You can see we've spared no expense Buddy, we wanted to make this a
special night for all.  Actually the boys have stopped believing you're going to
come through and come up with anymore money.  They've convinced me to make this
a really special show so we can distribute and sell the tape later on.  Their
logic was infallible, I'm sure you've ventured into a few porn shops in your
time Buddy, and I'm sure you've seen the obsession customers have with seeing
purported virgins getting fucked on screen-even though we know those girls have
really been ridden more than greyhound-so the boys convinced me that a tape of a
real virgin being deflowered by a good old biker gang orgy would be a
bestseller, I agreed."  Rod's hand moved to Melissa's breast and squeezed her
already hard nipple between his fingers.  "Oh, don't worry about the age thing
Buddy, we'll fake some documents.  I think the obvious discomfort little Melissa
is going to feel today will make a bunch of horny 40 year olds lay down their
cash in such a hurry we can afford to do it right."  Melissa yelped as Rod
spread the lips of her virgin sex.  The muscles of her neck bulged as she lifted
her head and looked down over her heaving breasts to the fingers playing with
her most intimate orifice.  "Don't worry about the story line Buddy, one, I
don't think the buyers will care that much, but in case we do get one of those
artsy types, we filmed a little scene of Melissa in a cute school dress being
picked up on the street.  She was a trooper I'll tell you that, we didn't even
have to coach her to look scared and fight us.  We even got a few minutes of her
blowing me in the backseat of the car before we tied her up here on the bed. 
I'm sure you'd want to see it, it really was a cinematic masterpiece, but I
don't want to bore you with that and waste tape for the real show, we've got
more graphic footage planned for your viewing pleasure, besides, you can buy the
cut video at the local shop when it comes out anyway.  What's important to me
now though Buddy is that I give you value for your money, your tape--this
tape--you'll get so much more footage, shots we just can't put on a commercial
tape."  Rod stared down into Melissa's terror filled eyes, then he looked back
up at the camera.

	"I'm sure Melissa is tight."  Rod pushed his pinky against Melissa's
opening.  She started screaming as the tip of his finger slipped into her tiny
hole.  "Yep, she's tight all right, and I'm sure there will be some blood, at
least on your tape we can show that Buddy.  We'll try and get a good close-up,
and then I've got a few other extras in mind but we'll have to see how the show
develops, so just sit back and enjoy."  Rod ran his hand over the back of
Melissa's thigh then looked back at the camera.

	"Isn't her flexibility something to behold Buddy, I don't remember, was
little Melissa into gymnastics?"  Rod's hand moved over her body, "Well, perhaps
she should be."  Rod's grin was pure evil.

	"Damn if I can keep my dick in my pants any longer with the way she's
presented, just right for a hard fucking Buddy."  Rod stood, his massive cock
shot out of his pants as soon as he tugged down the zipper.  Melissa was sobbing
and wailing uncontrollably, her eyes were fixed on her rapists every move.  It
took mere seconds before Rod was naked below the waist.  He knelt on the bed
between Melissa's spread legs.  Her hips rocked up and down as she tugged on her
bonds, the effect was very arousing. 

       Rod's cock was huge, Robert never thought it looked so big in the other
videos as it did now jutting towards Melissa's poor little body.  Looking at the
rampant member Robert thought it would rip Melissa in two, it looked as if it
would extend to her navel when he started to fuck her. 

       Melissa's hips hopped enticingly off the pillow stuffed under her
backside.

	Rod moved with agonizing slowness as he squeezed a small tube of gel
onto the tip of his cock.  He looked at the camera while spreading the
glistening liquid over the length of his shaft.

	"Even as hard as I am Buddy, with the tightness of your little girl's
pussy I think I'm going to need some help from the KY gods to get it in." 

	Holding the base of his cock Rod moved forward, Melissa's whole body
jerked as he touched her skin with his, it was as if she'd been shocked.  Her
terror filled screams rang through the large room. 

       With his free hand Rod spread the lips of Melissa's sex and pushed
forward with his hips.  Robert had never heard Melissa scream so hard, the
strain in her arms and legs was incredible as she tried desperately to break
free of her bonds.  The bulbous head of Rod's cock squeezed into the soft folds
of Melissa's sex.  Rod turned to the camera and smiled as he set his hands on
Melissa's legs, pushing down he forced her ankles to the bed lifting her hips up
even more to meet his cock. 

       It all happened in slow motion for Robert, he could see Rod's muscles
clinch and he gritted his teeth before slamming down into Melissa's body. 
Robert could see his former partners cock bend slightly as he encountered the
last vestiges of Melissa's virginity, then the length of the shaft disappeared
deep into her belly.  Melissa's  terrible screams were joined by tormented
screams off camera.  Robert recognized them instantly as his wife's.  				

       Rod let out an animal howl of pleasure as his upper torso collapsed on
Melissa's body.  There was a manic nature to Rod's thrusts as he lifted his hips
up and his cock pulled free, the mushroomed head nearly escaped the soft folds
of Melissa's flesh before he slammed down again, deep toward her cervix.  The
loud slaps of flesh echoed through the room.  The fabric of Rod's shirt and
jacket seemed like wings trying to fly away as he viciously pounded into
Melissa's body.  She'd stopped screaming, her eyes were wide and stared blindly
into Rod's face inches from her own.  Again and again Rod slammed his cock deep
in her belly.  The whole bed moved with the violent rape.  The wood creaked as
Rod pummeled Melissa's body with his sex.  Only his animal scream signaled the
release of his sperm in Melissa's tight cunt.  Rod's body throbbed as he slammed
down into Melissa's hips one final time before letting the full weight of his
frame collapse upon her.  Robert couldn't even see the face of his little girl. 
She seemed to be buried under the twitching mass of his former partner. 

       Rod lay spent on the girl for minutes, slowly he arched his back and
thrust his still hard cock deep within Melissa's belly again.  Robert could hear
the whimpers of his girl rise louder and louder as Rod milked the last drops of
cum from his penis.  It seemed to be with reluctant effort that Rod pushed
himself up off the girl.  His body was covered in a sheen of sweat from his
exertions.  Melissa yelped as he pulled his massive rod from her sex, small
bubbles of pinkish goo seeped from Melissa's violated body.  A trail of vile
essence clung to Rod's penis as he gingerly got to his feet and moved toward the
camera.  Melissa's sobs brought tears to Robert's eyes.  Rod made no effort to
hide his nakedness as he stood in front of the camera.

       "Wow Buddy that was incredible.  I thought your Jamie had been tight, but
your little girl Melissa, wow, really, wow, that's all I can say.  I can't
describe the feeling Buddy, even tied as she was I could feel that little body
of hers convulsing under mine.  Hell, even I thought she wouldn't be able to
take my cock in but I got it all the way in there.  It wouldn't surprise me if
she felt it rubbing her stomach?"  Rod took the handkerchief from his jacket
pocket and rubbed his cock clean.  

       "Well Buddy, I'm sure the boys want to get started, I think its going to
be a long night, enjoy the show!"  Rod laughed and stepped to the side. 
Melissa's screams erupted as a line of men queued at the foot of the bed.  Some
wore tux jackets, others wore T-shirts that looked like tux's, all in mocking
celebration of Melissa's defloration.  The first man in line wasted no time in
mounting Melissa.  Robert watched in horror as the man's cock slid easily into
her sex.  The strain on her hips looked unbearable as the man pushed hard down
on her thighs.  The whole length of the rapist's shaft disappeared deep into
Melissa's young body.  Her hips bounced up off the pillow and the whole bed
creaked as the man started pounding into her.

       There was no way the man could have lasted long and soon he bellowed out
in animal lust.  Robert felt his stomach go queasy as the man climbed from his
little girls body and the next man in line moved silently onto the bed and
mounted Melissa. 

       On and on it went.  Robert prayed that the tape would run out but it
didn't, for over an hour man after man climbed on the bed and raped Melissa. 
Finally, gracefully, Rod stepped in front of the camera and blotted out the
awful scene.  The rhythmic creaking of the bed continued in the background along
with Melissa's grunts of pain, but Robert was at least glad to have the image
disappear.

       "I think the boys are about done Buddy, at least for now.  Don't worry,
we'll make the tape more salable in the next couple days.  I figure we'll get
some double teams, and maybe some three ways on tape.  I think the viewing
public would like to see a big cock go into little Melissa's throat while she's
got a cock stuffed up her pussy and ass, don't you?  I've already called bottom
in that sandwich Buddy.  Can't you just see it, me on my back, Melissa with her
leg's spread, my dick up her ass and one of the boys riding her from above?  I
want to clamp my hands on those cute little titties and slam her down onto my
dick.  Wow, I can't wait, but right now we've decided to put on a little show
for you."  Robert heard the creaking of the bed stop as a guttural roar rang
through the room.  He knew the final rapist had spewed his load. 

       "Carol, come on, come on, come to daddy!"  Rod snapped his fingers and
Carol stepped on screen.  She held a chain in her hand which lead back to Jamie
and a thick leather collar around her neck.  Jamie's hands were locked up behind
her neck, but what Robert fixated on was the huge black dildo that projected
from her mouth.  It was held in place by straps that ran up over her forehead
and attached behind her head.  The huge black shaft must have been 10" long and
looked impossibly wide.  Tears streamed down Jamie's cheeks as Carol tugged her
next to Rod. 

       "How do you like our Cyclops buddy?"  Rod laughed as he reached for Jamie
and pulled her tight to him, she tried to recoil but it was a hopeless gesture,
his arm encircled Jamie as he turned to speak to Carol.

       "Go get your strap-on hitched up slut!"  Carol staggered off screen, she
was wearing heels that must have been 6" tall.  Her breasts were bright purple
balls, thick rubber bands were forced around the base of her tits and
constricted the blood flow.  Gold chains clipped to from Carol's nipple rings to
the collar around her neck tugging painfully on the distorted flesh of her
breasts. 

       "Buddy, our Cyclops doesn't have one eye though, just a massive dildo in
her mouth, I'd show you the whole thing but Jamie's got the other end buried in
her mouth.  Don't worry, she's not being left out, there's about 5" in there." 
Rod ran his fingers over the bulge in Jamie's throat where the shaft ended.  Her
jaws were spread wide by the intrusion.  She kept her head down turned, her eyes
focused on the floor, the huge shaft projecting from her mouth bent under it's
own mass as it jutted from her mouth. 

       Carol sulked back on screen.  Strapped around her waist now was another
huge dildo.  Robert could see the harness wrapped around her hips wasn't the
only thing holding the strap-on in place.  Carol moved cautiously as deep plugs
filled her pussy and ass helping hold the strap-on in place around her waist. 

       "I don't think I have to tell you what's going to happen Buddy so let's
get started right away."  Jamie almost fell as Rod pulled violently on the chain
attached to her collar.  He dragged her toward her bound sister on the bed. 
Jamie tried to hold back, Robert could see the strain in her neck as Rod tugged
her forward but she couldn't match his strength.  Rod dragged her to the foot of
the bed and made her lay with her chest down on the mattress.  Melissa's eyes
were glassed over, she was too traumatized to even notice her sisters presence
at her hips.  Taking the back of Jamie's head in his hands Rod set the mouth
mounted dildo at the opening of Melissa's sex.  The camera zoomed in on
distended love canal and the lines of cum that ran down the insides of Melissa's
spread thighs.  The fine white sheets beneath Melissa's body were heaped with
cum that had drained from the girl's ravaged sex.  Rod forced Jamie's head
forward and buried the rubber cock in Melissa's sex, the only response the new
violation elicited from the tortured girl was a small whimper. 

       Robert could hear Jamie screech with humiliation as Rod kept moving her
head, inserting and removing the massive jutting cock into her little sisters
sex.  Rod bent down and whispered into Jamie's ear, then the girl started
thrusting her head forward on her own.  The tears cascaded down her cheeks but
she pounded into Melissa's raw pussy with the cock. 

       At Rod's direction Carol took up position behind Jamie, she must have
felt Carol's presence because she whimpered even louder as she continued to
thrust her head forward.  Jamie's hands were clipped behind her neck to the
collar she wore so her chest and stomach lay pressed against the bed.  Her feet
were planted on the floor.  Carol spread Jamie's legs so she had complete access
to her sex, for an instant Jamie stopped face fucking Melissa, but some unseen
threat off screen must have made her start again. 

       Carol spread lubricant over the tip over the strap-on.  Her breasts
seemed to grow to an ever deeper shade of purple as she moved her hips forward
and lined the strap-on up with Jamie's sex.  Carol looked off screen with wide
eyes, Robert assumed she looked to Rod for direction.  With her hands Carol
grasped Jamie's hips and bent at the knees for more leverage.  Jamie's screams
were audible in spite of the dildo gag buried in her mouth when Carol finally
thrust forward with the strap-on into her sex.  Soon the three girl chain was
working in unison.  Jamie continued to fuck Melissa's battered pussy with the
huge rod in her mouth while Carol fucked Jamie with the massive strap-on she had
hitched to her waist. 

       There were no words Robert could think of to describe the horror of what
he witnessed on screen.  Melissa suddenly came to, dragged out of her dazed
state by the inhuman rape she was suffering.  Jamie's tortured screams echoed
her sisters.

       The camera zoomed in on Jamie's face, the huge shaft projecting from her
mouth was soon covered in her sister's rapists sperm.  The goo spread to Jamie's
face as she thrust her nose and chin into Melissa's sex at Rod's behest.  Carol
groaned in humiliation, her hips convulsing as she raped Jamie.  Carol's back
glistened with perspiration, beads of sweat streaked down her skin, her purple
tits swayed as she thrust forward, her nipples drawn taut by the chain clipped
to her neck. 

       Occasionally Carol looked off screen--Robert knew towards Rod--hoping
that he'd let her stop, but each time she looked to him a dejected look came to
her face and she'd turn back to the horrible scene she was a active player in. 
The massive strap-on around her waist drove deep into Jamie's sex. 

       Robert didn't know how long it lasted, when he finally heard the machine
start to rewind he was already on his way to the bathroom, to vomit.  




Day Eight



	The contorted, goo covered, face of Susan appeared on screen.  In spite
of the fact that it had been going on for over a week the images of his girls
being abused still horrified Robert.  He could never get desensitized to the
terrible things that appeared on his TV screen. 

       Susan's mouth was spread wide by a ring gag forced up behind her teeth. 
Watery, thin cum ran down over thicker splotches of sperm plastered to Susan's
face.  It looked like the bikers had just finished spewing their loads on her. 
The camera focused in close on Susan's head.  The slime was vivid and distinct,
the image was horribly clear, Robert wanted to vomit.  It looked like Susan was
bent forward.  The camera zoomed out slowly and he could see Susan's wrists
clamped to a board running in front of her chest.  Susan's breasts flopped down
on the wood between her manacled wrists. She sat on what looked like a bench,
her legs were spread wide and were locked to the floor with shackles.  The
camera moved in on her tits, Robert felt his head throbbing and he thought he'd
pass out when he saw the flash of metal in Susan's nipples.  As the camera
zoomed in further he realized why she leaned forward the way she did, rising
from the top of her taut breasts were nails.  The camera moved in and he saw the
bloody specks that surrounded the nails driven through her flesh.  Her nipples
had been pulled to points and the nails had been driven vertically through her
dark buds.  Cum ran down from Susan's face and dripped from her chin over her
stretched and impaled breasts.  Slowly the camera moved down to where Susan's
body met the bench.  Robert's arms went numb when he saw Susan's labia pulled
taut and the nails driven through the skin.  Blood dried on the wood and mixed
with cum that ran in lines down over her belly.  Robert could hear Susan crying
softly as her stomach muscles twitched.

	The camera suddenly swung off Susan and focused on Rod.  He was naked
and grinned maniacally into the screen. 

	"Hey Buddy.  Let's clean up your girl before the cum dries too much." 
Rod took hold of his member and aimed his cock at Susan's face.  A golden stream
arched towards Susan's open mouth.  Susan instinctively tried to jerk away from
the warm stream but the nails in her tits kept her locked in place.  It seemed
like Rod would piss forever, the golden arc splattered over Susan's face mixing
with the cum already plastered to her cheeks.  Robert watched in horror as the
stream of piss filled Susan's gaping mouth. 

       Seemingly from all directions multiple arcs of piss shot at Susan's face. 
The camera zoomed out and caught the other bikers joining Rod in spraying Susan. 
The golden shower continued to rain down over her bound body as biker after
biker stepped up and let go over Robert's oldest daughter.  Susan closed her
eyes, she twisted her head side to side trying to avoid the streams seeking her
open mouth, but there was nothing she could do.  In vain she tried to pool the
piss in her mouth and then spit it up but the bikers seemed to experts in their
aim and Susan desperately had to swallow the vile liquid in order to keep up and
take much needed air in.

	Robert thought it would never stop, it seemed like a never ending
procession of bikers let loose on Susan.  When they finally stopped Susan's face
was clear of cum, but it looked as though she was a drowned rat.  Robert could
hear her sobbing in between the convulsions of her stomach as she gagged on the
vile piss she'd been forced to swallow.  Her breasts stretched against the nails
as her body was racked with coughs and heaves.  Susan's hair was plastered to
her head and face.  Stringy lines of hair were weaved and matted together.  Rod
stepped in front of the camera as the warm urine ran down Susan's body to the
floor below. 

	"Hey Buddy, how's it going?  We had to teach your little girl a lesson,
I really didn't want to have to use the nails, or give her the golden
shower--personally, I think it's disgusting-but your girl, she was being such a
little bitch this morning she was asking for it."  Rod just looked at the
soaking creature bound to the frame.  "This wasn't the plan for today, really,
but I guess it'll have to do.  Little Melissa has sure been a lot of fun for me
and the boys, though I don't think she's really got any sleep since she became a
woman yesterday.  I sure can't get enough of that tight little pussy-and believe
me, she's still pretty tight-ah, youth.  In fact, I think she's still at it
now."  The camera moved off Rod and focused in on a mattress laying near the
wall.  Robert could barely make out the flailing legs as his daughter's.  She
was pinned between two huge bikers, one was on his back, Melissa was on her
belly on top of him with another man riding her.  She was sandwiched between the
two as they pummeled her body with their cocks.  Robert couldn't see her torso,
just her legs coming out the sides of the two hulking forms raping her.

	"Don't worry about seeing what happened to Susan today Buddy," the
camera flashed back to Rod, "we learned our lesson this time, we remembered to
catch Suzy's little ordeal on tape.  I know you wouldn't have wanted to miss
it."  Rod smiled for the camera sadistically.  "We thought about using big old
nails but finally we settled on smaller ones, for now at least.  One of the boys
wanted to use screws, but I thought that was just too much."  Rod moved close to
Susan, the piss dripped to the floor off her body.  Rod looked up at the camera
made a face and shook his head.  "I sure don't want to touch that."  Rod
gestured toward Susan.  "I should get your wife over here and clean this area
up.  Speaking of your wife, Doc used some old sewing thread to stitch up her
lips, I don't suppose the girls at the country club will admire Karen's face
much anymore, but she should be able to suck a mean dick again in a week or
two?"  Rod smirked at the camera.  "I suppose you don't want to hear me rattle
on anymore.  I bet you want to see old Suzy get nailed."  Rod shook his head and
smiled.  "Sorry Bud, I apologize, that's a horrible pun but I had to do it.  Let
me get serious for a second, I've been thinking, I still think you're a scum and
I shouldn't give you any breaks at all, but I know you've tried with the money. 
No, don't get too happy, I'm not going to let you get off, but given the nature
of business, well $55 million, it might have been too much to ask, so here's the
deal:  $10 million, get me $10 million more and well, we'll be even."  Robert's
mouth was dry.  $10 million or $25 million it didn't really matter, both numbers
were more than he could come up with, he guessed Rod knew as much too, it was
just a way to torture him and his girls even more.

	"How's that Buddy?  I'll let you think about it, but not for too long,
after all, who knows what will happen to your girls?"  Rod stared impassive at
the screen.

	"Well Buddy, sit back, enjoy the show.  I don't want to ruin it, but
when that nail goes through Suzy's tit, I just couldn't help myself, it turned
me on so much."  Robert heard a scream in the background and a dog's barking,
his spine stiffened. 

	"Scooby's at it again Buddy.  He's taken a fixin' to Jamie.  We're
thinking about putting on a show.  Don't worry Buddy, any money we make, well,
I'll take that off the total you owe me, just to be fair."  Rod broke into a
roaring laugh.  "Hey Buddy, maybe you want me to take Jamie and Scooby out on
the road, maybe we could do a couple hundred shows and you won't have to come up
with more money at all?  Though, I'm not sure Jamie's cunt could take that much,
Scooby's knot is pretty damn big when he gets excited, and Jamie's still a tight
little girl.  It was quite a sight when he finally managed to tie in the other
night."  Jamie's screams echoed through the warehouse, it was nonstop, the dog
continued to bark along with her.  Robert's mind envisioned every instant of the
horrible scene. 

	"Well Buddy, sit back and enjoy the show.  Maybe we'll tape Scooby and
Jamie tonight and put it on the tape tomorrow as a bonus.  She hasn't really
learned how to relax and just let him ride her yet, she still fights a lot
still, it makes it worse for her, but I think Scooby likes it.  I think he wants
little pups really bad."							

	The screen went blue for a minute then started up again.  When the image
reappeared Rod stood clothed in the frame.  Susan struggled fruitlessly in the
grasp of two men as they held her arms tight, her face was bright red with
exertion. 

	"Noooo!  Nooooo!" The two men dragged Susan to what Robert already
recognized as the wood frame she was to be nailed to.  It looked like it had
been quickly put together.  The low bench was bolted to the floor and the two
men carried Susan to the frame and made her sit on the horizontal board.  Her
ankles were pulled wide and locked to bolts in the floor with chains and leather
collars.  A long piece of wood ran horizontally a couple feet above the seat of
the frame, steel manacles had been bolted into place on the elevated board, the
two bikers quickly locked Susan's wrists in the steel.  Bound as she was she was
still able to sit upright, Susan tugged desperately on the restraints, but the
frame was solid wood and didn't budge in the least. 

	"Hey Buddy, its time for a little punishment session.  You're little
girl has been such a little bitch this morning and I've just had enough.  For
your sake I've remembered to start rolling the cameras.  Actually, I think your
wife might be pleased that Susan took the center of stage from her today, we'd
had some interesting things planned for her, but alas, a schedule is only for
bureaucrats.  It's always been my belief that one should take opportunities when
they present themselves."  Rod moved close to Susan, she stared up at him but
tried to cower away with her body.  Robert could see her lips quivering as she
sobbed and begged under her breath.  Rod just laughed at the fear he roused in
the girl and looked back at the camera.  "Little Suzy was being really difficult
this morning Buddy and I just got fed up, she doesn't know what I've got planned
for her, but I think you're going to enjoy it at least, I doubt she will."  Rod
grabbed for one of Susan's tits and tugged it forward so the soft flesh rested
on the board as she was forced to lean forward, Susan yelped as he pinched her
nipples between his fingers.  When Rod let go of her breast Susan arched back
away from the wood.  Rod again grabbed for her tit and pulled her forward, but
again when he let go Susan leaned back.  Rod looked at the camera and smiled,
Robert had the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach again.

	"We've got to do something about that Buddy, Susan here has volunteered
to blow all the boys, but she can't very well do that leaning back like that. 
I'm afraid she's going to be so occupied making the boys cum, I don't want to
make her think about leaning forward too, hum, what should we do?"  Rod rubbed
his forehead as if in deep thought.  Robert wanted to scream at the TV.

	"I've got an idea!"  Rod disappeared off camera for a minute.  When he
was gone the camera zoomed in on Susan's face as she stared off screen.  Her
body twitched as she awaited her fate.  Rod reappeared quickly, Robert knew he
was just putting on a show for him, he saw the hammer and nails in Rod's hand. 

	"I've got just the thing Buddy, it'll keep Suzy from moving, but I'm
afraid it's going to leave a little mark."  Rod pulled a nail out of the box, it
was probably 3" long, it wasn't incredibly thick, but Robert's stomach turned at
the thought of it puncturing Susan's skin nonetheless.

	"I guess on a positive note Susan won't need to go get piercings later
on, we could probably use the holes to hang some pretty jewelry from later." 
Susan started shrieking.  She pulled desperately on the manacles holding her
wrists.  Her bottom rose off the wood bench as she tried to work herself out of
the bonds.  The wood frame shook and thudded against the floor but it didn't
budge.  The heavy wood creaked and held Susan locked firm.  Rod just smiled at
the camera as he watched Susan's hopeless struggle. 

	"Buddy, watching Suzy fight, I think we need to do something to keep her
seated too.  She can't very well swallow cock moving around like that."  Two
huge bikers moved from the shadows to either side of Susan.  Her eyes followed
them in horror as they moved close and took up position.  Each man grasped her
at the shoulders and pushed her down to the bench, Susan's screams stopped but
she was far from silent, she was begging incoherently.  Rod held one of the long
nails up in front of Susan's face.  She was blubbering with tears streaming down
her cheeks.  Rod looked over his shoulder at the camera. 

       "Let's start with the tits Buddy."  Susan started screaming as Rod
reached for her nipple.  She tried to stand and pull away but the bikers held
firm to her shoulders.  Rod pinched the delicate nub and pulled it forward onto
the board.  Susan had to lean forward due to the encouragement of the bikers
holding her. 

       "Please, Please, please, you can't..." Rod held Susan's nipple tight and
pulled it into position.  Susan continued to plead as the sharp tip of steel
touched her skin.

       "I think that's about the right spot, don't you boys?"  Rod asked
rhetorically to the men holding Susan, he pushed the tip of the nail to the base
of Susan's nipple.  Her screams were terrible and drowned out any response the
bikers might have given, though none was really needed. 

       The hammer seemed to rise as if in slow motion.  Rod lifted it from his
side and brought it up to the level of his shoulder.  With his free hand he held
the steel tip of the nail against Susan's breast.  A small drop of blood oozed
from the skin as he pushed the nail barely through her delicate flesh. 

       The loud ring of metal against metal confirmed what Robert already knew
would happen.  The blow was perfect and the sharp metal drove completely through
Susan's nipple in one motion.  Robert didn't know how his daughter remained
conscious as the nail punctured her skin and drove into the wood below.  The
camera zoomed in on Susan's newly pierced breast.  A good 1/2" of the metal
protruded from her nipple still, the rest was in her tit and the wood.  Even had
she wanted to rise off the cold steel, the wide cap on the head of the nail
would have made it impossible.

       There was little time to absorb the horrible scene.  Rod grabbed for
Susan's other breast and pulled the nipple forward.  Lining it up with where
he'd already pounded her left breast into the board Rod pulled taut her right
breast.  Rod didn't bother providing commentary, he poked the nail into Susan's
nipple and swung down with the hammer in one quick motion.  After the blow the
bikers let go of Susan's shoulders, they no longer needed to hold her still with
the presence of the nails.  Susan continued to scream unabated, the tears
streaked down her face as she arched her neck to look up at Rod, trying to beg
him to stop with her eyes.  She had to lean forward awkwardly in order to take
the stress off her mangled breasts.  Her young jugs rested on the wood while
Robert could hear Melissa wailing in the background.

       "Pleeeaaasssse!"  Susan begged without hope.  Rod turned to the camera.

       "Isn't that pretty Buddy, she's in perfect cocksucking position, well,
almost."  Rod bent down between Susan's spread legs.  She tried to bring her
knees together but the way her ankles were locked wide to the floor she could do
little to close the space between her thighs.  Susan's hips bounced on the bench
as Rod grabbed for the lips of her sex.  She let out a pathetic squeak at the
touch of his hand, the sound was animal and instinctive, it was a desperate
sound.

       "I think we could use a few more nails to really hold her in the proper
position, don't you Buddy?"  Rod looked back over his shoulder and grinned at
the camera. 

       "Boys?"  The two bikers moved back to Susan's shoulders and clamped there
hands down holding her in place, forcing her hips into contact with the wood. 
Rod moved to the side slightly so the camera could pick up his movements better. 
He pulled the flesh of Susan's labia to the board and stretched it taut. 

       "I can't take as big a swing here Buddy so I'll have to hit the nail a
couple times."  Susan started pleading desperately as the sharp point of steel
touched her most intimate flesh.  The camera caught the white lupine glint of
Rod's teeth as he smiled.

       True to his word Rod could take only small swings at the nail.  Robert
saw Susan's whole body jerk in pain as the first strike of the hammer hit the
nail.  Rod couldn't get enough force behind the blows to penetrate through the
skin in one shot.  The blood seeped around the first puncture.  On the fourth
blow the nail was finally buried deep enough in the wood to satisfy Rod. 
Susan's screams had gone silent.  As the camera panned out Robert could see her
head slumped over on the board.  She came to screaming as Rod started pounding
on the second nail, her body convulsed in a spasm of pain and shock.  When the
second nail was in place the bikers let go of Susan's shoulders and Rod stood
back to the side, almost giddy he ran his hand through Susan's stringy blond
locks. 

       "Now that's the perfect position for a cocksucker!"  Susan was bent at
the waist, her head was pulled forward over her impaled breasts.  Small pools of
red formed on the bench where she sat.  Her head bobbed between sobs.  "I think
I'll let the boys go first since they did such a good job of holding her in
place!"  Rod ran his hand over Susan's cheek wiping away the tears. 

       "Ah, they're ready."  The two bikers moved in front of Susan, they were
naked below the waist.  From Robert's perspective both their cocks were
impossibly huge.  Roughly one of them grabbed the back of Susan's head and
pulled her mouth over his cock.  Robert heard his daughter gag as the biker
forced the whole length of his cock into her throat, her face went bright red as
she struggled to breathe.  Robert could see the grotesque bulge in her throat as
the biker left his cock impaled deep in her mouth.  Susan's body writhed and
jerked instinctively as she fought for air.  The skin of her breasts went taut
as her upper body convulsed and tugged at the nails.  Only slowly did the biker
ease his massive pole out of Susan's mouth.  As the long shaft inched out of her
gaping jaws a glistening trail of saliva hung from Susan's lips and attached to
the rampant cock like a string.  Robert could see Susan's chest heave as she
took in much needed air around the intruding cock.  Robert could see the biker's
body quiver in pleasure as the warm air Susan took in buffeted his member.

       Roberts mouth was so dry, he could no longer feel anything as he watched
the biker's cock plunge into Susan's spread jaws once again.  The scene was too
much for him, he wanted to turn off the tape but he knew he couldn't.  It was
too much for the biker as well, he'd barely driven his cock within the warm
confines of Susan's mouth again before he spurted his load.  Robert could tell
by the way Susan's eyes shot open and her head jerked back that he'd cum.  The
biker's hands were quickly at the back of Susan's head holding her on his penis. 
A white flow of cum bubbled and seeped around the massive cock still thrust in
Susan's mouth.  The biker's eyes were closed and the pleasure was obvious in his
face.  He would have kept his pole buried in Susan's smooth mouth but one of the
waiting rapists ripped at his shoulders and his cock slid free of Susan's mouth
with an audible pop. 

       The next biker in line buried himself to the hilt immediately.  Robert
watched in horror as he too quickly came in Susan's mouth.  On and on it went,
biker after biker stepped up and Susan could do nothing to stop them, there was
no longer shock in her face when they spewed their loads down her throat, the
skin of her breasts stretched, but she no longer jerked against the nails.  Some
bikers blew their loads in her mouth causing a constant stream of cum to bubble
and froth around her lips, while other's plastered her face with their white
juice.  Robert watched in disgust as the bikers' took handfuls of Susan's
gorgeous block locks in their hand's and used it as a towel to clean their spent
members.

       Rod took his turn midway through the action after they'd forced a ring
gag up behind Susan's teeth to keep her aching mouth open.  Robert's eyes locked
on the scar at the back of Rod's neck and wished he'd never even started the
company. 

       The thick muscles of Rod's back convulsed and bulged as she shot his load
deep in Susan's gullet.  When Rod was done more bikers stepped forward for their
turn at Robert's little girl.  Robert didn't pay attention to details, it was
all a blur, he knew the ending already, the image of Susan's mouth filled with
piss made him want to vomit. 

       Bikers were still stepping forward to the tortured girl when Robert
finally hit the stop button on the remote control. 



To Be Continued...



Thanks for reading.  I always appreciate hearing readers comments if you'd like
to email me.  Thanks...Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)




Partners

Day Nine



	Robert stumbled downstairs, he had to meet with his lawyers, though he
felt in no condition to do so.  He nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw
Lisa sitting in front of the TV, the pile of videocassettes was laying spread
out on the coffee table, looking at the screen he saw the horrible image of
Carol fist fucking Jamie.  Robert couldn't speak, he felt his face go red as
Lisa watched him, she was pale. 

	"How could you?"  Her makeup was streaked.  "How could you?"  Robert was
speechless.  Lisa held up a tape, he could see Day Nine scrawled on the plastic.

	"It was delivered to the office, the man said I should get it to you
immediately.  The front door was open and I saw all this."  Lisa waved her arms
to indicate the mess of the house and the strewn videocassettes.  "How could
you?" 

	Robert sputtered out a few useless and unintelligible words, he had no
answer that would explain what had happened.

	"We've got to go to the police!" 

	"No, no, we can't, I tried to..." Robert blurted out his protest. 

	"You mean you tried to have him killed?  I've watched the tapes!" 
Lisa's body shuddered with rage, the anger was clearly visible in her face. 

	"Don't you want to know what happens?"  Lisa held up the Day Nine tape,
then threw it at Robert, she was up and out the door before he could even react. 
Robert stumbled down the stairs and stood over the videotape as it lay on the
floor like a horrible beacon. 

	After the VCR whirred to life the horrible grinning face of Rod appeared
on screen.  	

	"Hey Buddy, we've got a little field trip planned for your little girl,"
The camera shifted to Rod's right and showed Jamie sitting on a small bench, she
was dressed in a hip hugging micro skirt that barely covered the confluence of
her legs.  Her young breasts were squeezed into an impossibly tight halter top,
she had on high heels that looked too dangerous to walk in.  Jamie had her legs
clamped together trying to hide her sex but there was an obvious shot of her
crotch.  The camera moved up to Jamie's face, tears dribbled down her hollow
cheeks, a huge ball gag filled her mouth, her arms were pulled behind her back
and locked together with cuffs.  "But we've got to do something to make sure
little old Jamie keeps her mouth shut.  We don't want her blabbing and ruining
all the fun, now do we?"  Rod tapped Jamie on the head then moved to where Karen
sat, her hands were pulled up over her head and tied, her legs were spread wide
and chained to the floor. 

	"Ah, your lovely wife."  Karen's eyes followed Rod's movements, but
without energy, Robert could see the dark lines of the stitches at her lips.

	"Dear, dear Karen."  Rod ran his hand through her hair, Robert could
hear her whimper softly.  Rod looked back at the camera.

	"We're planning to put Jamie on the street tonight and see if she can
help you come up with some money."  The camera turned back to Jamie and the
confluence of her legs, she tried to squeeze her thighs even closer together but
it didn't seem to work.  She grunted into the gag.  The screen shifted back to
Rod.

	"I just wanted to give her an idea of what will happen to Mommy if she
doesn't do exactly what we say tonight."  Rod walked to a small table set up
near Karen, he picked up a thin shinny metal rod.  He moved back towards where
Karen sat while holding the steel high in the air.

	"Your wives lovely tits," Rod cupped one of Karen's large breasts in his
hand, "they've regained their normal hue after that first display of ours."  Rod
smiled at the camera, Karen started screaming as he lifted the metal skewer
towards her chest, he let the sharp point of the metal run across her skin
raising a small trail of red under the steel's path.  "It's sharp, that's good!" 
Rod winked at the screen.  He grabbed for Karen's nipple and pulled it forward
till her breast was tugged to a conical shape.  "Let's just see how sharp it
is."  Karen thrashed in her bonds but the various ropes and chains held her
still.  Rod moved the point of the skewer to the base of her breast, almost to
the level of her ribcage.  Karen's screams were absolutely terrible as the metal
rod penetrated the base of her tit.  The long shaft of metal disappeared further
and further into Karen's mammary, Rod only had a few inches of steel left in his
fingers when the sharp point began emerging from the other side of her Karen's
breast.  The sharp steel easily punctured the flesh and gleamed red in the
bright lights.  The muffled sounds of Jamie's screams could be heard off camera. 
Karen's head rolled and then fell forward unconscious.  The camera spun and
showed Jamie hopping off the small bench, her eyes were wide and locked on her
mothers punctured tit. 

	Rod moved casually to the small table and picked up a second skewer. 
Karen awoke screaming as Rod pushed the tip of steel through her other breast. 
Karen was frothing at the mouth like a mad dog by the time the second skewer had
been pushed through her flesh.  Drool ran down her face like a child.  Rod moved
to where Jamie sat and knelt beside her.

	"So, do you understand what you are to do tonight?"  Jamie nodded her
head vigorously up and down.

	"And you understand that you're not to say a thing about all our fun to
anybody, right!"  Jamie grunted into the gag and bobbed her head up and down. 
Her eyes were locked on her mother's chest.  The screen image went blue.



-----

  	

	When the image reappeared Jamie was standing alone on a dark street. 
The bright red micro skirt barely covered her hips as she stood on the dirty
sidewalk.  A few minutes passed, she shifted her weight from leg to leg trying
to maintain her balance on the impossibly high heels.  She had a huge purse
dangling from her shoulder, it was bright red like her skirt.  The camera seemed
to be set up across the street, Robert thought he could hear Jamie breathing,
sirens and traffic echoed in the distance. 

	A car pulled up to where Jamie stood, she must have had a microphone
planted someplace on her. 

	"How much?"  Robert could almost see Jamie's shoulders shudder as she
sputtered out a response.

	"$50."

	"50 bucks, no way, let's say $20, and if you're good, well then, we'll
see about a tip."  Robert could hear Jamie whine softly, she seemed to look up
at the camera, then dropped her head dejected and stumbled to the passenger seat
of the car and got in.  The camera followed the car as it moved down the street
and pulled off on a side block.  The cameraman stood up and started running
toward where the car was parked on the side street.  Robert could see the car
stopped in the distance as he heard the audio of Jamie and the man in the car. 
By the time the cameraman got into position Robert could see Jamie's head
bobbing up and down in the lap of the driver.  The disgusting slurping sounds
made Robert want to be sick.  He heard Jamie's muffled scream as her head
stopped moving, then Robert heard the guttural bellow of the man in the car. 
Jamie's hands flailed above her head as the john held her head down over his
spewing cock. 

	Robert could hear Jamie sobbing as she sat up in the car.

	"Don't spit it out in my car slut.  Here, here's your twenty, get the
hell out!"  The car peeled away before Jamie could even slam the door shut.  She
was sobbing and spiting up the vile slime from her mouth as she walked back
towards the main road.  The cameraman followed at a distance, never taking the
frame off Jamie.

	She was only standing on the main drag for a few minutes before another
car pulled up.

	"How much for a fuck?"  Jamie looked in the direction of the camera for
an instant, then she hesitantly responded.

	"$100 a piece."  There were two men in the car, Robert could make out
the dual shadows in front seat.

	"How about $100 for both of us?"  Jamie was almost crying when she
responded.

	"I can't do it for less then $150." 

	"Okay!"  The passenger got out of the car and pushed Jamie into the
front seat, he sat next to her so she was jammed between the pair.  Robert could
hear something rustling and then he heard a loud slap.

	"I'm paying for it, I want to get a feel before we start."  Jamie was
sobbing.

	"I've got a, a room."  Robert heard the rattle of keys.

	"Whooooeeee.  How old are you honey, you must be a professional."  Jamie
hesitated.

	"I'm 19."  She groaned.

	"Didn't your momma teach you to wear panties?"  The cameraman was
running across an open field trying to keep the image locked on the car as it
pulled into a nearby motel.  Jamie stumbled between the two young men as they
headed toward her room, for an instant Robert hoped he could identify the motel
but it was just a seedy run down hovel found in any town. 

	The image on screen was almost black as the cameramen moved down a
narrow corridor, then through a small low door.  When the image reappeared it
was dark and grainy but Robert could make out his daughter being pawed by the
two men in the motel room, her halter top was down over her belly.

	"Can I get the money?"  Jamie sputtered out the words.  One of the men
moved back from her and pulled out a roll of bills from his pocket.

	"Open up that pretty mouth."  When she did he stuffed a wad of bills in
Jamie's mouth.  She stood with the money jammed in her mouth for a minute while
the two men roared in laughter, sobbing she fought her way out of the grasp of
the men and picked up her bag, she hid the money in the deep folds and pulled
something from the depths.  With her head down she stripped the remainder of her
minimal clothes.

	"Who wants to go first?"  The sweet, innocent tone of Jamie's words
belied what she said.  Both men moved toward her.

	"We're not going to take turns darling, we're going to fuck you at the
same time!"  The pair lifted Jamie off the ground and tossed her on the bed.

	"Here are some condoms."  Jamie held up the small gold packages.

	"We're all friends here," one of the men knocked the condoms out of
Jamie's hand and they tumbled to the floor, "we don't need any condoms."  The
other man moved behind where Jamie knelt on the bed and grabbed her arms.  The
other man worked off his pants, his cock was huge and already hard when he
dropped his trousers.  He moved forward and grabbed for the back of Jamie's head
forcing her mouth down over his member. 

	The image was bad but Robert could still see well enough to be
disgusted, he could hear Jamie gag as the man's cock drove deep in her throat,
he could almost see the bulge, her lips were spread wide encircling the pulsing
member.

	Jamie tried to push away the john as the other man let go of her arms
but the man invading her mouth held tight to the back of her head. 

	The second man stripped and climbed naked on the bed behind Jamie, he
knelt behind her and took her tits in his hands, molding them between his
fingers while the other man continued to fuck her mouth. 

	Jamie choked on the invading cock as the man behind her pawed at her
hips and lined his cock up with her sex.  He thrust in without foreplay and
Robert could make out Jamie's muffled scream.  Salvia trailed down her chin as
the sound of flesh smacking flesh resounded through the room. 

	The pair of john's continued to fuck Jamie for a few more minutes.  She
let out a huge gasp taking in a deep lung full of air as the one man pulled his
cock from her mouth.  He disappeared off camera for an instant then returned
with a small tube in his hand.  He laid on his back on the bed.  The other man
stopped fucking Jamie from behind and she collapsed in a heap on the mattress,
the man on his back tapped the bed. 

	"Please!" 

       The man slapped her across the face.

	"Time to earn your money slut!"  The man's huge cock projected straight
in the air.  Jamie struggled to her knees, she was still wearing the impossibly
high heels, she balanced on the heels and straddled the man lying on his back.

	"Put it in your ass baby!"  Robert could hear Jamie sobbing as she faced
the end of the bed with her back toward the man laying on the bed, his cock was
already coated in lube. 

	Jamie shrieked as the tip of the man's cock squeezed inside her narrow
asshole.  More and more of the cock disappeared into her ass as she gradually
lowered herself onto the huge pole.  The man on his back grabbed for Jamie's
chest and pulled her so she was lying on him, he began bucking his hips upwards
as he started to fuck her anally.  Robert could hear Jamie yelp in pain with
each thrust of the man's cock, his hands were locked on her tits while the
second man stood stroking his erect cock at the end of the bed.  In a few
moments he climbed on the bed and grabbed for Jamie's ankles, lifting them in
the air spreading and her wide, her ass was still impaled on the other man's
cock.  The man kneeling between Jamie's widespread legs thrust forward and
buried himself in her sex.  In no time the john's were fucking Jamie's teenage
body in unison.  Robert could hear his little girl grunt in pain as the pair of
cocks continually violated her body in a horrible rhythm. 

       The video was poor but it was still gut wrenching to watch for Robert. 
Jamie's legs kicked and flailed in the air as she was sandwiched between the two
men who'd bought her services.  Robert couldn't tell which one it was who came
first but one of them roared in orgasm.  Jamie's body was still being pummeled
by the other invading cock till he too spurted his load deep in her belly. 
Robert could hear her whine as the men lay exhausted on, and under, her. 

       When the two men disengaged their cocks from Jamie's openings she rolled
on her side whimpering softly as the men dressed.

       "You were sure worth the money."  The man tossed a few more bills toward
Jamie's prostrate body.  "Be here tomorrow night and I'll bring some more
friends by."  Jamie was sobbing uncontrollably as they slammed the door shut
behind them. 

       The camera zoomed in on Jamie and her heaving breasts.  She lay
whimpering on the bed when Robert heard a tap on the one-way mirror in front of
the camera.  Jamie looked toward where the camera was hidden and struggled to
her feet.  She left the view of the camera when she stumbled into the bathroom,
when she came out again she was squeezed back into the halter top and micro
skirt. 

       The video continued to run for at least another hour.  It didn't seem to
be edited at all.  Rod, or whoever was running the camera, gave Jamie a ride
back to her street corner.  It took on a few minutes of her standing on the
block before another car stopped.  This time the video was shot from a distance. 
Robert could see the car shaking. The audio caught the sounds of Jamie's
humiliation clearly as another man filled her belly with sperm.  As soon as she
got out of the car with one man another would pick her up.  Sometimes the
cameraman got close and Robert could see his little girl getting fucked in the
cars, one time she was pinned beneath a man in the passenger seat, her legs were
spread and her heels pressed against the ceiling.  Robert didn't think he could
take anymore when Jamie finally climbed in a van.  Robert heard Rod's voice and
he cringed. 

       "How much money did you earn for daddy tonight?"  Jamie dug into the
oversized purse and pulled out a crumpled wad of cash.  Rod held it in front of
the camera and counted out the bills.  Robert thought he'd be sick when Rod
counted out $480, he was disgusted at the thought of the number of men Jamie had
been forced to sell herself too for the money.

       "Why don't you take off your outfit."  Robert could see Jamie's chest
heave as she started crying in earnest but she didn't hesitate and soon was out
of her clothes. 

       "Why don't you show daddy that pretty pussy of yours."  Jamie squatted
down, spreading her knees wide.  The camera shook with the movement of the road
under the van.  The screen zoomed in on the red and swollen labia of Jamie's
sex. 

       "Show daddy what those boys shot up into your belly tonight."  Jamie
grunted as she stretched her sex lips wide, her pussy was puckered and Robert
saw the muscles of her abdomen clinch.  A small glob of white sperm trailed out
of her tiny pink opening, it started dribbling down the inside of her thigh. 
Robert heard Rod roar in laughter as the screen went black. 




       			Day Ten(and Eleven)

      

       It was the tenth day since his family had been kidnapped and it passed
without any contact from Rod or the bikers, Robert was in a panic.  He'd tried
desperately to get hold of Lisa but he couldn't get her at all; not at work, not
at home, not on her cell phone...  Robert couldn't believe how horrible
everything was going, he was in hell, first his family, and now his secretary,
he should have told her from the start to protect her. 

       Robert had barely slept since Lisa had stormed out of his house.  He had
to meet with his bankers on the eleventh day, though he was in no condition to
do so.  During the whole meeting he'd sweated profusely, he looked horrible, he
had dark bags under his eyes but on the whole the meeting had gone well.  The
bankers were still consumed with doubts about his unusual withdrawals and
activities, but they'd agreed to a new line of credit for him, with loans of
almost $5,000,000 Robert hoped it would be enough for Rod.

       Robert gasped when he walked through his front door, he couldn't believe
his eyes.  In the middle of the room, bent over the ottoman, was Lisa.  She was
completely naked, her body was bent forward over the little stand, her wrists
and knees were tied to the frame, she was motionless.  Robert slammed the door
shut behind him.  There was a videocassette resting in the small of her back. In
ragged red letters painted over her skin it said: "Insert Here", then a arrow
was drawn down pointing at her anus. 

       Robert raced to where Lisa knelt and got down beside her gently lifting
her head.  Her hair was coated with dry sperm, her eyes were vacant and stared
through him.  Robert let go of Lisa's head and started untying her wrists.  She
whimpered softly as he undid the tight knots, when he finally had all the rope
off he managed to get her up onto the couch.  He went into the kitchen for some
water.  Robert held her gently as he poured the cold liquid down her throat. 
For the first time he noticed the rings in her nipples, they were definitely not
jewelry.  Robert took the cold blue steel between his fingers, Lisa cried out as
he twisted the steel in his hands.  He noticed the small drops of blood around
the loops, then he saw the piercings in her labia and the small brass lock that
held the two steel loops together.  Lisa moaned in pain as Robert let go of the
steel and rest her back on the couch.  He looked around desperately for the keys
to the lock but there were none, then he saw the videotape lying on the floor. 
It was painful to touch, his arm shook as he picked up the black plastic.  He
could feel the rage flow through him.  Robert raced to the garage and found his
bolt cutters. 

       Lisa had passed out, as carefully as he could Robert cut the welded steel
from Lisa's breasts and sex.  When he'd finally got the metal bands out of her
body Robert carried Lisa upstairs and put her in bed.  He applied salve to her
wounds and covered her with soft blankets.

       Robert trembled in horror as he pushed the tape into the VCR.

       "Hey Buddy, I guess you found our gift?  When did you get rid of old Mrs.
Richardson and replace her with that darling Lisa?  I guess Mrs. Richardson
wasn't giving it up?"  Rod chuckled.  "Though, I know you haven't been getting
any off Lisa either.  We were all pretty pissed when we caught her following us
after we'd tried to deliver Day 10's video.  We thought you'd had her try and
follow us, but after a little gentle persuasion we'd found out that you hadn't
told her anything at all, that she'd found the tapes and tried to trail us all
on her own.  She's quite a devoted secretary, actually,  she told us how much
she cares about you while we were torturing her for information, but I guess
you'll see that later."  Rod grinned from ear to ear. 

       "Actually I hope that you've upgraded the health coverage at the company
Buddy, I think Lisa is going to need a trip to the abortionist, she got pumped
full of daddy juice and you might want to take care of that.  By the way, did
you like our little add ons to her body?  I'll send along the key for the lock
tomorrow, or maybe the next day?  Lisa screamed like a banshee when we did the
spot welds, but I guess you'll see that in a few minutes, if I could ever learn
to shut up."  Rod walked to his left, on the floor in front of him were three
cages.  Susan, Jamie and Melissa all knelt within their own steel boxes. 
Melissa recoiled as far back in her cage as she could when Rod tried to touch
her through the bars. 

       "Well Buddy, enjoy the show."  The tape flashed with snow for an instant
before a wide shot of the warehouse appeared on screen.  Robert could see Lisa
being dragged across the floor toward the camera.  She was blindfolded and
gagged, she thrashed in the grasp of the three men that held her off the ground,
her blond hair waved as she fought desperately.  Two men held Lisa's shoulders
while another held her legs, the three easily threw her down on a huge flat
table.  Robert could see the metal rings inset in the wood, the table didn't
even creak as Lisa's body thudded on the heavy frame.  She squirmed around as
the men pinned her flat to the surface.  One at a time the bikers' locked Lisa's
wrists and ankles into the metal loops securing bolts tight underneath the table
to tighten them.  When they were through Lisa was spread-eagled on the wood
surface. 

       Rod stepped into the frame, his face was red with rage.  He ripped the
blindfold from Lisa's head.

       "What the fuck do you think your doing sending this little slut to spy on
us?"  Rod screamed at the camera, he held a gleaming steel hunting knife in the
air.  With a deft flick of the blade the knife sliced through Lisa's blouse in a
single swipe.  The smooth white material parted easily.  With a few more
delicate cuts her shirt was gone.  Lisa's eyes followed the brilliant steel
weaving over her body, her eyes were wide and terror filled. 

       Rod continued his masterful knife work, it took mere seconds to do away
with the black skirt Lisa wore.  The muscles of her arms and legs corded and
strained against the metal loops holding her spread-eagle to the table.  Lisa's
chest rose and fell in huge heaves as she hyperventilated.  The white lace of
her bra was cut quickly, and cleanly, in one pass of the knife.  Robert had
always imagined what Lisa's breasts were like, they'd always looked perfect to
him through her clothes, seeing them free of the white lace fulfilled all his
expectations, though he never would have dreamed, or hoped, that it would have
happened like this. 

       "Nice tits Buddy!"  Rod glared at the screen as he ran the edge of the
blade against Lisa's smooth skin.  The sharp steel slid precariously over the
delicate flesh.  Lisa's nipples went hard as the fine edge trailed over her dark
buds. 

       With one more flick of the knife Rod sliced Lisa's panties from her hips. 
She lay naked and spread-eagle on the wood, her thighs bulged as she desperately
tried to close her legs.  Robert couldn't help but stare at the confluence of
his secretary's legs and the small patch of blond hair.  Lisa's stomach
convulsed and throbbed, every muscle seemed to contract as she tried fruitlessly
to break free of the bonds that held her. 

       "Let's get some answers from this little slut!"  Rod faced the camera, in
his hand he held a pair of vice grips.  Lisa thrashed her head from side to side
as Rod turned toward her and grabbed for the wad of cloth stuffed in her mouth. 
The long ribbon of black silk he pulled from between her lips was moist with
saliva. 

       "With these vice grips I can adjust the tension, and the pain!"  Lisa
shrieked as Rod closed the cold steel of the vice grips on her left nipple. 
Robert could see the soft flesh crushed between the small ridges of the clamp. 
Lisa's screams echoed through the large warehouse.

       "Why were you following us?  Doesn't Robert have the guts to do it
himself?"  Rod twisted Lisa's tit, the golden flesh wrinkled as he turned the
pliers in his hand.

       "OOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW, PLLLLEEEEEAASSSSSSE, STTOOOOPPPP!!!!"  Lisa's screams
were piercingly high. 

       "I...I...was...I followed you......pleasssse...."  Rod released the vice
grips from Lisa's breast.  The vile red indention's from the metal teeth of the
pliers were clearly visible on her skin.  Lisa sobbed uncontrollably, her scared
tit shuddered as she wailed, panting out the words.

       "I found the tapes, I followed when the last delivery was made, I..." Rod
moved between Lisa's spread thighs, he closed the vice grips on one of Lisa's
sex lips.

       "You mean that fucking asshole didn't tell you to follow me?"  Rod
squeezed shut the pliers pinching Lisa's labia between the steel teeth.

       "NOOOOOOOO, NOOOOOO, PLLLEEEEEEAASSSEEEE!"  Rod pulled up on Lisa's
intimate flesh till her skin was taut.  Her screams were terrible, Robert
thought she'd pass out, he didn't know how she didn't, her face was bright red
as her head slammed back onto the wood with a horrible thud.

       "Please, he didn't tell me anything, I found the tapes, I..." Rod
released the vice grips.  Lisa's screams seemed more tortured than before.

       "Please, please stop this..." Lisa could barely choke out the words.  Rod
moved over her chest, his evil figure loomed above her body.  He held the vice
grips out where she could see them.

       "You're telling me that that cock sucker didn't tell you to follow me!" 
Rod moved the pliers slightly towards Lisa's chest and she exploded.

       "NO, NO, NO, Nothing, nothing!  Please!"  Lisa trailed off in violent
sobs.  "Please!"  Rod set the vice grips on the table next to Lisa's shuddering
body.  He reached out and cupped her breast, his fingers prodded deep into her
soft mound.

       "Why would follow us?  Why would you put yourself at risk if Robert
didn't tell you to?"  Lisa groaned in shame as Rod manipulated her breast, she
remained silent as tears streamed down her cheeks, make up trailed down over her
pretty face. 

       Rod gestured toward the vice grips and Lisa shot back to life.

       "I was trying to help, I..." she trailed off.  Rod let go of Lisa's tit
and moved between her legs, he started playing with her sex.

       "I see, you're fucking him!"

       "No, no, I..." Lisa moaned as Rod hit the right spot, her eyes rolled
back in her head. 

Lisa started screaming as Rod pinched her clit between his nails. 

       "Tell me bitch!"  Lisa wailed like a child, her hips bucked against the
wood as she tried to pull away from  Rod's violent touch.

       "I love him, I love him."  Lisa blurted out in pain.  "I love him!"  Rod
let go of her delicate nub and ran his hand over her smooth belly.

       "And you're not fucking him.  What, doesn't he like sex?"  Lisa sobbed,
her chest was racked with spasms.

       "He doesn't know!" Her words were masked by tears but both Rod and Robert
clearly understood what she'd said.  Lisa tilted her head to the side, her blond
locks spread out on the wood, her eyes were closed.

       "That's an interesting development."  Rod moved his hand over Lisa's
legs.  "Very interesting indeed."  He turned to the camera and smiled.

       "I don't know how you do it Buddy, there must be something in those
narrow, gutless, shoulders of yours."  Rod's wolf like incisors seemed to glow
in the light.  "I really didn't expect this Buddy, I thought we'd have some fun
torturing this slut for information but I didn't expect this."  Rod smacked
Lisa's tit, the soft flesh jiggled.  Again and again he slapped Lisa's breasts
till they grew red, she yelped in pain as her breasts flopped on her chest.

       "Hum?"  Rod ran his hand though his short hair, then across his throat,
then the screen went blue.  Robert felt his heart thudding in his chest, he
thought about Lisa upstairs in the bed.  His palms were sweaty.  He got to his
feet just as Rod reappeared on screen.

       "Sorry about that Buddy, I was just a little surprised, I really don't
know how you do it.  You've got one hot piece of ass with Karen and then you get
your secretary to fall in love with you too.  I don't know how you do it?" 
Robert felt his body go numb and he collapsed back on the couch.  He knew it was
coming again, whatever they'd done to Lisa he'd now see it in exquisite detail.

       The camera shifted to Rod's left, Lisa had her hands pulled behind her
back and they were chained above.  She was on her knees with her ankles spread
wide, almost perpendicular to her torso.  Her head fell forward and her hair
dangled loose.  Robert could see her sobbing.  Rod moved in front of Lisa and
grabbed a clump of hair, he turned her face so she looked directly at the
camera, her jaws were spread wide by a ring gag jammed up behind her polished
white teeth.  Lisa's pendulous breasts hung enticingly beneath her body.

       "You beat me to fucking Karen Buddy, but you're not going to beat me to
Lisa."  Rod let go of Lisa's head and it hung limp from her shoulders.  Robert
could hear her hollow screams of protest as Rod dropped his pants to reveal his
massive erect cock.  Rod prodded Lisa's face with his member trailing pre-cum
over her cheeks.

       "Bet you wish you would have fucked her now, don't you Buddy?  It's going
to be sloppy seconds from now on!"  Rod moved up behind Lisa's kneeling body,
her legs strained against the restraining ropes as she felt him slide in between
her spread legs, the tension in her upper arms was clearly visible as Rod
clamped down on her hips with his hands.

       Rod bellowed out as he slammed forward deep into Lisa's unwilling body,
her head arched toward the ceiling, her long hair cascaded as he buried his cock
in her belly.  It was a brutal display, Rod pounded into Lisa from behind, her
body rocked forward with each thrust torquing her wrists with the violent
rutting.  The horrible sound of flesh on flesh was vividly caught on tape. 
Lisa's screams were no match for the tortuous fucking.  Rod clamped his hands on
Lisa's swaying breasts and squeezed with all his might.  Robert wanted to be
sick, he couldn't believe it was happening again...

       If not for the rope holding her in place the force of Rod's fucking would
have driven Lisa to her belly, instead the ropes creaked and her muscles and
ligaments strained as he flooded her pussy with cum.  Lisa's head dangled limp
as Rod disengaged his cock from her battered sex.  He stood and smiled
maniacally towards the camera.  A line formed behind Lisa's tortured body,
another biker slammed into her belly before Rod had even left the screen, yet
another forced his massive penis into the ring gag in Lisa's mouth.

       Robert couldn't take it, he pushed the fast forward button on the remote
control.  He watched a high speed circus of the bikers' gang banging Lisa.  Even
at high speed the rape was no less vile, just faster.  It took mere seconds at
high speed for the biker's to sate their passions and spew their load in, or on,
his secretary.  Robert hit the play button again when Rod reappeared on screen. 

       "...have to add some jewelry to your girl."  The camera zoomed in on
Lisa's cum covered face.  Thick slugs of sperm trailed down her lips and hung
from her chin.  Robert didn't bother to rewind the tape and hear the rest of
what Rod had said, he knew already what was going to happen.  Rod held up a long
steel skewer for Robert to see.  Two bikers unbound Lisa and stood her up.  She
didn't have the strength to fight as they untied the ropes from her legs.  The
pair easily carried her to a small bench and laid her out on her back.  Lisa
didn't struggle as they bent her over the wood perpendicular to the bench so she
rested on the small of her back.  The bikers' pulled her arms and legs wide and
tied them to the ends of the bench.  When they were finished Lisa almost looked
like a cross, her skin glistened in the light as sperm coated her body.  Her
head hung flaccid over the side of the wood, she didn't even react as Rod
started squeezing her tits. 

       "Now the fun part!"  Lisa screamed and her head jerked upright as Rod
pressed the sharp point of the metal skewer against the base of her nipple.  The
gleaming metal punctured the skin easily and slid through the other side. 
Lisa's eyes locked on the hideous metal rod piercing her breast, then she passed
out.  Rod quickly inserted a dull steel ring through the hole in Lisa's tit. 
Robert recognized the metal ring immediately as the one he'd removed. 

       Lisa was jolted to life as Rod moved to her other breast and pressed the
skewer through the skin, she came to screaming then faded off to a soft whimper
as Rod inserted the second ring. 

       Robert thought he'd be sick as Rod moved between Lisa's spread legs.  Her
desperate pleas went unanswered, Robert had never heard such horrible sounds
from another human being as he did when Rod pierced Lisa's delicate sex lips. 
Her body jerked in the bonds as Rod jabbed the steel rings through the jagged,
bloody, openings he'd punctured.  The camera zoomed in on the rings attached to
Lisa's body, the unsealed ends were dotted with red.

       "Let's lock them in place now!"  The blinding flash of the torch exploded
on screen.  Lisa's screams were worse than anything Robert could ever imagine
when Rod sealed the first ring in her nipple.  The red hot steel sizzled as one
of the bikers dumped a bucket of water over Lisa's seared flesh.

       After each weld Lisa passed out, each time she did one of the biker's
snapped a smelling salts caplet under her nose to revive her.  It was agonizing
to watch her revived to the insufferable pain she was experiencing.

       Rod snapped the small brass lock between the two rings in Lisa's labia. 
Thick white sperm continued to seep from Lisa's swollen sex even after the locks
were in place.  She was left writhing in a sobbing ball on the floor as the
screen went to snow.  Robert could feel his face go pale and his legs went numb
as he tried to mount the stairs to the bedroom. 



       To Be Continued...



Thanks for reading.  I always appreciate hearing readers comments if you'd like
to email me.  Thanks...Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)




Partners

By

Semiater(semiater@yahoo.com)



Day 12

	The tape was at the door before Robert could get the message to Rod
about the money.  His heart was in his throat as he put in the tape, he should
have tried to contact Rod, but he'd forgot, he'd been taking care of Lisa and
he'd forgot about everything else.  She was still too traumatized to take care
of herself and he'd held her in his arms all night long.  She hadn't stopped
sobbing and blubbering about what they'd done to her. 

	Karen appeared on screen, her face was hopeless, Robert thought there
was a broken look in her eyes. 

	Rod stepped on screen and grabbed Karen's disheveled hair and tugged.

	"Let's do something about this mess Buddy."  From off camera somebody
handed Rod a clipper, he turned it on and it started buzzing loud, in only a few
passes Karen's long, beautiful, hair started falling to the floor and she was
quickly shaved bald. 

	"Ah, that's better."  Karen looked inhuman, her eyes were dull and
lifeless, she had hardly even reacted to her hair being chopped off. 

	"I'm disappointed Buddy, it's not like I'm asking for that much more
cash from you, and after all it is deservedly mine, I built the business as much
as you did.  Oh well, if you want to play me like that, I guess that's what
you've got to do, but I don't think you're going to like tonight's show Buddy,
the boys are tired of just fucking and they want some blood, and well, I
couldn't really tell them no, now could I?"  Rod smacked Karen hard across the
face, again and again he struck her till the blood was dripping from her nose.

	"God that felt good Buddy."  Rod swung his fist and landed a shot into
Karen's belly.  Robert could hear the hollow thud as the punch landed in her
gut, he could hear Karen gasping for breath.  Her arms were pulled back over a
bar that was pressed up under her shoulders, almost like a crucifix, but her
arms weren't outspread, they were bent back over the bar and tied to her ankles
so her knees were off the ground.  She was only elevated a couple feet but the
position looked painful. 

	Rod was grinning maniacally at the camera, his hands were still balled
into fists as Karen struggled to regain her breath behind him. 

	"God that feels good Buddy, there's nothing like sinking your hand into
soft flesh.  God it's incredible, it's got me so turned on right now, hell, lets
do something about it."  Robert saw one of his girls pushed from the shadows out
in front of the camera, her hands were tied, and at first he couldn't tell who
it was--Jamie or Susan--they both had similarly beautiful bodies.   When the
camera moved in closer Robert saw that it was Jamie.  Rod slammed his prick home
in her mouth before she could even get to her knees before him. 

	There was nothing mutual in the blow job, Rod grabbed for the back of
Jamie's head and forced her to deep throat him.  Robert could hear his little
girl gagging as the cock slammed into the back of her throat, it was a brutal
scene.  With two hands at the back of her head Rod forced Jamie's mouth up and
down over his cock.  Robert could see Jamie's throat bulge as Rod's penis buried
in her gullet, the sound was horrible, Jamie was gagging and her face was red
from lack of air.

	Rod arched his hips forward and spewed his load in Jamie's mouth, his
hands squeezed her head tight, forcing her to take his whole prick in her
throat.  Rod bellowed out into the warehouse, his animal roar echoing in the
vast space.

	The camera zoomed in, catching the cum seeping out of Jamie's lips
because she couldn't swallow it all.  Then the camera showed Karen's face, blood
was dripping from her nose, her eyes were vacant and didn't seem to even
register that Rod was raping her little girl. 

	When Rod let go of Jamie's head she collapsed on the floor, coughing and
spitting up his cum.  Rod just smiled at the camera while stroking his slimy
cock. 

	"God you raised some hot little sluts Buddy.  I could fuck your girls
all night long."  Rod slapped Karen's breast with an open hand.  The pain of the
blow brought Karen too reality and she started to scream, wailing in abject
suffering.  Robert could see the marks from where Rod had pierced Karen's
breasts with the skewers so Jamie would stay silent on the streets.  Robert
looked in horror at the image of his wife; her hairless head, her scared lips,
her bruised and bloody tits, he couldn't believe that anybody was as evil as
Rod.  What was worse was, Rod was a man he'd once considered his friend, at
least till he'd tried to have him killed. 

	"I'm going to let the boys have some fun with your wife tonight Buddy. 
I think I'm going to pass the time fucking Melissa again, that is, if I can get
her away from the fellas.  They still like fucking her a lot.  I don't think
she's had anything to eat in days, except for sperm, but she's had plenty of
that, so her belly is probably full of gooey cum." 

       From off stage Robert heard movement, then he saw the backs of a couple
bikers move out in front of the camera.  One of the bikers wheeled out a small
cart with him, Robert could see the copper clips of jumper cables dangling from
the edge of the cart, on top was a large car battery. 

       One of the bikers turned and smiled at the camera, he was toothless and
covered with tattoos, he had them on his forehead, and up and down his neck, his
arms were covered in colored in, his eyes were wide and glared at the screen. 
Taking hold of the jumper cables he brought the two ends together and a blue
spark arched between. 

       Karen started screaming as the psychopath turned and closed the teeth on
her breasts, her body spasmed as the current ran through her chest.  Bloody
trails ran down her skin as the sharp points of the jumper cable teeth tore into
her breasts.  The strong springs of the clips buried the points deep in Karen's
flesh.  The mad biker howled in approval as Karen's body jerked and bucked in
her bonds.  Spittle shot from her mouth and flew at the camera, Robert thought
he'd be sick. 

       Karen's screams were shrill and inhuman.  Robert didn't know how she'd
stayed conscious through the ordeal, when the biker finally pulled the jumper
cables from her breasts deep red gashes were left in her skin.  Sweat poured off
Karen's body, dripping into the open wounds.  Her skin shone in the bright
light.

       The insane biker looked like he would blow, the veins in his neck looked
like they'd pop and his hands trembled with excitement.  Robert could see the
biker's dick was hard in his pants but the man himself seemed not to notice, the
thrill of the torture was all that he needed. 

       Karen hadn't stopped screaming since the teeth had been closed on her
breasts.  Blood trailed down over her chest and belly, her once perfect tits
looked like horrible surgical mistakes.  The frame to which she was attached
creaked as she tried to break free, trying to get away from the crazy biker that
moved inexorably forward toward her.  The man closed the brutally sharp teeth on
her labia.  Karen's whole body convulsed with the shocks; her hips, her thighs,
every muscle in her body came to life at once.

       Robert felt a sharp pain in his head and he thought he was dying.  Drool
ran down Karen's cheek as the electricity surged through her body.  Only when
her head went limp, and she passed out, did the sadistic biker unhook the jumper
cables from her pussy lips.  The camera zoomed in to show the deep cuts the
sharp teeth had inflicted in her sensitive flesh. 

       One of the other bikers snapped an ammonia capsule beneath Karen's nose
to revive her.  She came to blubbering, saliva ran down her chin and fell in a
gleaming line over her ravaged breasts.  The cameraman moved up and down Karen's
tortured body.  She looked like a horror show prop. 

       Before Robert could even get sick at the sight the bikers started
removing Karen from the frame.  When she was free they carried her to a long
table and threw her down on the wood, with her back down on the surface.  Using
steel wire the men spread her legs wide and tied her to the table, spreading her
thighs and exposing her tortured pussy.  Karen was incoherent, the pain of the
jumper cables had done her in, but that hadn't seemed to quell the bloodlust of
the bikers.  From the shadows one of the bikers came on camera holding an
aluminum baseball bat. 

       Karen's head lifted from the hard wood for an instant as the biker forced
the wide head of the bat into her pussy.  Robert was numb as the silver aluminum
inched forward into his wife's cunt.  The silver bat was soon streaked with red
as it pushed deeper and deeper into Karen's body. 

       The biker started screaming in joy as the bat hit as deep in Karen's body
as it would go.  He started fucking her with the bat, slamming the end
repeatedly into her cervix.  He was shrieking like a little kid at Christmas as
he rammed the bat deep into Karen's pussy. 

       The tape thankfully came to a stop before it could show more horrors. 
Robert barely made it to the kitchen in time to vomit in the sink.  His head
felt like it was going to explode and he collapsed on the floor, dry heaving,
unable to get the horrible images from his mind. 



Day 13



	Robert woke with a start when he heard the pounding at the front door. 
His heart stopped in his chest when he saw the cops standing there. 

	"Hello, Mr. Miller."

	"Yyyy-eess."  Robert could barely stutter out a response. 

	"We're sorry to inform, but we've found your wife's body, and," he
hesitated, unable to get out the ghastly words, "I'm sorry to tell you, but
she's dead."  Robert collapsed to his knees without the hint of drama, he
sincerely couldn't believe that it was true, in spite of what Rod had put him
through, in spite of what he'd seen on the tape. 

       It took a good five minutes before the cops could console Robert enough
to tell him the rest of their message. 

	"Sir, I'm very sorry about your wife, but we've also found your
daughters," the cop looked at his notepad, "your daughters Jamie and Melissa,
they are at the hospital, if you would get dressed we could take you there
immediately." 

	Robert was dressed and in the back seat of the cruiser within 5 minutes,
his mind was racing, he didn't know what was going to happen next...



-----



	Weeks had passed since the cops had appeared at his door, everything
about Robert's formerly tame world had changed in the time since.  

       With a hard tug on the chains in his hands Robert pulled Carol's nipples
taut, the gold rings strained her dark buds.  She moaned out load and drove
forward with her hips, slamming the whole length of the strap on dildo she wore
into Lisa's pussy.  Robert groaned as Lisa's lips closed tight on his cock, his
hold on the chains tightened as he used them like reins, forcing Carol to fuck
Lisa harder and harder, driving the strap on dildo deep into her pussy. 

       Just as Robert was about to cum he let go of the reins, the signal for
Carol and Lisa to get into position.  With tits pressed against one another
Robert stroked his cock and spewed on the girls' faces.  The two girls licked
every drop of sperm from each other, then started kissing, their tongues
exploring deep into the other's mouth.  Then they started cleaning Robert's limp
prick till it glistened with their saliva. 

       "Thank you master for letting us drink your cum."  The two fell to their
hands and knees, breasts dangling, the sparkle of gold in their nipples gleaming
in the light. 



-----

	

	Month's passed, Robert had almost stopped thinking about Susan, Jamie,
and his wife.  Lisa and Carol served his every need, he'd never cum so many
times in his life.  His balls constantly ached, and his girl's were always at
the ready to suck him dry.  He'd even started taking Viagra so he'd never have
problems getting it up.  Carol and Lisa had done wonders for business, at first
he was wary of using them with his clients, but now, he loved seeing his girls
being used by other men, or women, and it had definitely helped the bottom line. 

	Robert didn't even pay any special attention to the box he got in the
mail, not until he opened it and found the video cassette inside did his body go
numb.  It felt like all the blood drained from his arms, his face was flush and
he thought he'd be sick.  When he looked at the return address of the package
all it said was "Costa Rica". 

	The familiar face of Rod appeared on screen, he was holding a huge
margarita glass in his hand. 

	"Hey Buddy, I guess I've earned this." Rod spread his hands in an
expansive gesture, the camera panned out and showed him on a beach, under a
large thatched umbrella.  Robert saw Jamie kneeling at Rod's side, a huge black
leather collar was around her neck, shimmering gold rings flashed in the sun
from her nipples.  "I suppose this is my reward for all my hard work at the
company.  It sure was good doing business with you.  I hope you're treating my
Carol well, I'm sure you've already figured out that she gives great head after
you whip her, especially her tits."  Rod took off his sunglasses and looked into
the camera. 

       "I like how you passed her off as your little Jamie when they found her,
"Rod tapped the real Jamie on the head, "I guess that means my slave here
doesn't exist at all anymore."  Rod finished the last of the margarita in his
glass, then filled it again from the pitcher on the table next to him.  He ran
his hand through Jamie's hair, then tugged hard on her nipple ring, making her
yelp out loud. 

	"I like what you've done with your basement Buddy.  Those cages and the
cells, it must have cost you a pretty penny, and all the whips and other
'toys'." Robert swallowed hard, he didn't know how Rod knew about what he'd done
in the basement, he hadn't told anybody. 

       "Carol was so cute balled up in the corner of her cage.  I like how you
keep her chained.  I was tempted to get in there and fuck her, but she's yours
now, you're all paid up and I didn't want to violate another person's property. 
I did need to check up on you though, to see what you'd done to the place, I
wanted to make sure you weren't going to try and fuck with me anymore.  I give
you credit, we're even now, you've got the company--speaking of which,
congratulations, I heard you got a major contract that puts the company on the
fast track-and I've had my fun, and a got a good little slave.  Doing some
calculations I figure your business deal almost covers what you paid out to me,
hell of a job Buddy.  Really, I didn't think you had it in you."  Rod slid his
hand down over Jamie's back, she squealed and rocked forward as he thrust his
finger in her sex. 

	"You should thank me Buddy for taking care of Karen.  I saw you took
Lisa as your bride after the requisite mourning period.  Hell, you wouldn't have
even known she loved you if it wasn't for me.  Oh well.  I don't know how you
explained it to the cops, but you must have done one hell of a job.  I suppose
they're out looking for some unknown kidnappers and rapists now.  Oh, while
we're at it, take a look in that envelope I put in the package."  Robert opened
the thick white envelope, inside there were $100 bills, Robert didn't count
them, but there looked to be at least $10,000 worth.  "I took the liberty of
selling that little bitch Susan, that's your share of her earnings so far.  I'll
get the money to you at regular intervals.  There's quite a bit in there now,
but I'm sure it'll decrease with time, she won't be as popular a whore the more
she's fucked and used up.  I included some footage at the end of the tape for
you, it was her first day on the job.  You should have seen the lines they had
to use her.  They just strapped her on her back, legs spread, and gave each guy
5 minutes with her.  The guys were lined up around the corner Buddy.  Man she
was a mess at the end of the night, her pussy was so swollen they had to ice it
down a few times so the boys could get their dicks in their."  Rod took another
drink from the margarita.  "I understand she's still pretty popular, after all,
she's a hot white chick and the boys like to take their frustrations out on her,
I hear they like to whip the hell out of her, till her tits are striped and
bleeding."  Rod grabbed Jamie by the hair and pulled her head into his lap.  She
wormed his prick out of his shorts without having to be told. 

	"Well Buddy, I've got to be off, I need to enjoy this beach life," Rod
let out a guttural roar as Jamie swallowed the length of his cock.  "She's
getting me ready to fuck her again, I'd let you watch, but she doesn't much like
the camera anymore."  Rod roared out in laughter.  "She's still got a tight
little pussy though, I never would have guessed it, but man that little snatch
feels so great squeezing my prick when I fuck her."  Rod's eyes rolled back in
his head as he gripped Jamie by the neck.  He had a hard time getting out the
words as Jamie sucked his cock.  "It sure was nice doing business with you
Buddy, even if it did take you a while to catch on.  I'd apologize about your
wife, but I think you're enjoying Lisa even more.  I am sorry that Melissa isn't
doing so well, I guess the trauma was just too much for her.  If you ever want
to sell her, well, I've got a buyer, and I'm sure we could make her disappear
without a whole lot of questions."  Rod waved at the camera and the screen went
blue.  Robert felt the lump in his throat, then an image popped back on the
screen. 

	Robert saw a dirty looking hallway and lines of men waiting outside a
door.  Rod walked into the closed room without even knocking, inside Robert saw
Susan lying on her back, her arms were pulled up over her head and her legs were
spread impossibly wide and tied to the corners of the mattress.  A large piece
of wadded cloth filled her mouth, though she continued to scream desperately
into the gag in spite of it. 

	"Hello Suzy, how do you like you're new office?"  Rod sat on the edge of
the bed and ran his hand over Susan's shaved pussy.  "There's a whole line of
guy's waiting to use you so I'll keep it short.  I just wanted you to have a
chance to say Hi to your daddy one last time."  Rod twisted his finger deep in
Susan's cunt, making her squeal in pain.  "Your daddy paid me off, but since you
were such a little bitch I thought I owed it to him to get you out of his hair,
and I decided to sell you and ship him your profits.  So, from now on you're
going to fuck 20-30 guys a day for the rest of your life."  Susan twisted her
head violently side to side as Robert reached for the cloth gag in her mouth and
tugged it free.  Saliva trailed from the cotton to her lips as she screamed and
tried fruitlessly to pull free of the ropes that held her to the bed. 

	"Say goodbye to daddy Suzy, and get ready for some big old pricks in
that pussy of yours."

	The camera cut off for an instant, then flashed to life again, this time
there was a man on Susan, his hips were slamming down into her snatch.  The bed
was rocking, the springs creaked and sounded like they were going to snap as the
man fucked Susan hard. 

	Robert watched the tape till it finally shut off.  At least 30 men had
fucked Susan while the tape was still running.  When the screen finally went
blank Robert got up and turned off the TV and started downstairs.  He wasn't
sure who to whip first, Lisa or Carol but he could feel his hands trembling with
anticipation.  He didn't know how long he could wait before he fucked one of
them...



The End





Thanks for reading.  Sorry it's taken me so long to finish off the story.  I
always appreciate comments.  Thanks...Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Semiater


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





