BDSM Library - Maria




Maria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman is subjected to two sessions of torture and interrogation by her captors.
MARIA PART I

The girl lay spread-eagled naked on an iron bedframe whose legs had been bolted
into the stone floor. Her slim, pale body was stretched out by the leather
restraints attached to her wrists and ankles. In addition, a pair of straps
looped over each knee held her thighs apart, exposing her vulva, which was
topped by a dark thatch of pubic hair. She had struggled hard as she was being
strapped down by the guards, even biting one and earning herself a welt on her
right cheekbone, but now she seemed to have accepted her position. She was
staring at him intently with a familiar look of fear and incomprehension as he
flexed a thin metal catheter which he had just selected from a tray of
instruments.

Maria watched the man as he approached, her eyes following the tip of the long
steel rod which wavered as he clipped a red lead to one end. Instinctively she
tried to close her legs as he placed his hands between them, but the restraints
at her ankles and knees prevented any such movement. She wanted to open her
mouth, to say something to distract him from his purpose, but as she felt his
fingers part her labia and the steel point probing against her flesh, she was
frozen with fear. The paralysis was broken when she winced sharply as he found
her urethra and began introducing the length of metal. By the time he was
satisfied with the depth, she was sobbing gently. She needed to urinate, but
couldn't and the tube burned all the way into her bladder. She was now too
embarrassed even to look at the man's face, let alone speak. Abruptly he stood
up and, taking the other end of the lead, walked over to the box on the table.
He seemed to be fiddling with some connection, but his back was towards her
hiding her view.

When he turned round, he was holding another metal device, trailing this time a
black lead. She let out an involuntary "No..." at the sight of it: a thick probe
clearly designed to be placed into her vagina. Transfixed, she watched as he
applied some kind of gel around the tip and she lifted her head to look down her
body as he moved again between her legs. She expected to feel his fingers on her
labia but was even more distressed when the blunt metal tip was placed against
her anus.

"Push" he said, harshly --the first word he had spoken to her. Instead she
resisted but with a single movement he forced it inside her, eliciting a grunt
from the back of her throat as the metal plug stretched and filled her. Never
had anyone put something up there before, and again she started sobbing with
discomfort and humiliation.

Her eyes full of tears, she did not notice what he was doing next until she felt
a hand on her right breast. Looking down she saw that he was about to attach a
wire ending in a circular brass hoop to her nipple, which he was now rolling
between his fingers to make stand proud. The sensation of his hand on her body
was disgusting to her and for a moment she was reminded of the rough hands of
the guards as she was being stripped and brought to the room. Gripping her flesh
between his thumb and forefinger, he passed the hoop over the pink tip with his
other hand. With nipple and clamp clasped together he produced a screwdriver
from somewhere at her side and proceeded to tighten a screw at the base of the
hoop. The metal bit into her flesh and she reacted with a loud "Ow" as it
reached the necessary fit. Now she tried to catch his eye but he did not look up
as he worked. Swiftly he repeated the procedure on her left breast --clearly he
was well practised. She yelped as he tugged on the leads to check that the
clamps held firm.

Following the leads from her breasts and between her legs over to the box on the
table, she finally accepted what had been clear from the moment she was strapped
to the bedframe: that she was going to be tortured. Her brain had been
effectively rejecting this idea as impossible, despite the evident and elaborate
preparations, but the inescapable reality was finally pushing its way through.
She began to blurt out words, begging him not to do it, telling him she'd
cooperate, behave, do whatever he wanted. Her voice sounded to her hollow, as if
someone else within her was speaking the words. His only response was to turn
towards her, holding what looked like a piece of wood with thick metal wire
looped through eyeholes at either end.

"I'm going to put this in your mouth", he said blandly, "you will find that you
bite down on it". Taking her by the hair, he ordered her to open and forced the
wooden bit between her teeth. Cradling her raised head in his right arm, he
proceeded to twist the two wires around the back. As the wires were tightened,
she felt the bit being pulled back, stretching the sides of her mouth and
digging the wires into her cheeks. What upset her most, since she had time to
think as he worked, was that this was not designed to be removed easily and
would evidently be in place for some time. The sole consolation was that it was
taking her mind off her other discomforts: the burning in her urethra, the
pressure on her bowels, the stinging of her nipples, the chafing of the
restraints at her extremities.

Having finished tightening the bit, he let her head drop back onto the steel
frame of the bed. The bit was uncomfortable and she could not move her jaw. For
some reason it made her even more fearful than had the other operations. As he
walked back to the table, she was breathing heavily, even hyperventilating, and
she watched her chest rising and falling, carrying the electric leads and clamps
up and down, the metal glinting under the bright lamp overhead. She looked up at
the lamp. It was almost blinding but somehow staring at it gave her some comfort
as her eyes filled with purple spots. This moment of calm was broken by his
voice.

"I will now starting using this machine on you. After three hours I will be
joined by a colleague and at that time you will have the opportunity to answer
certain questions which he will put to you. If you cooperate and answer
truthfully, we will close this session for today. If your answers are
unsatisfactory, we will continue with the machine for a further period". So it
was finally about to begin, she thought. She was very frightened. She had no
idea what to expect, she wanted more time to prepare herself, but now it was
about to happen, beyond her control. She swallowed some saliva and started to
choke.

The phone, which she had previously not noticed, rang. He picked it up,
apparently slightly annoyed. She tried to listen to the conversation but her
mind was unable to focus on the words. His speech was unintelligible --she
couldn't even be sure it was English. Then she heard the word "OK" and he put
down the receiver with a dull click. Almost at once she saw his hand move
towards a switch on the machine.

Pain, unbelievable pain. Her head was thrust back as her body bucked and
strained, her upper back rising rigid from the bed, her biceps contracting while
her body stretched against the restraints. As the electric current flowed into
her nipples, she felt as if her breasts were being penetrated by sharp knives
which were then being slowly turned in the wounds. The pain was excruciating and
her jaw clamped down hard on the wood. Her face was contorted, teeth and gums
visible, eyes rolling and a noise somewhere between a scream and a growl was
coming from her mouth. Playing with a dial on the front of the machine, he
increased the current. At this, the pain in her breasts actually decreased a
little for some reason and she stopped screaming. But the small part of her
brain which could still think registered utter horror as she felt a cold hand
close around her heart and begin to stifle its beat.

She could not breathe and a dull pain began to flow across her chest and into
her armpits, where it seemed to coagulate and produce a very sharp sensation, as
if her arms were being removed at the shoulders. Her lips began to turn blue.
Then it stopped and she collapsed back down on the bed, spluttering,
hyperventilating uncontrollably, her heart beating irregularly as if it were
about to burst. Her breasts, now covered with a film of sweat, heaved up and
down with the effort of breathing, the loops around her nipples again glinting
in the harsh light. He allowed her several minutes in this state and gradually
her breathing returned to a more normal level. Her eyes still rolled around,
unable to focus, until he picked up her head up by the hair and locked his eyes
with hers. She began to think again.

When he saw that she was beginning to recover, he walked back to the table and
sat down. She saw a mug of tea or coffee on the table, which she didn't remember
from earlier. As soon as she realised that he was about to activate the machine
again, she completely lost control of her senses. Screaming, shaking, thrashing
against her bonds, she showed the usual signs of utter panic that subjects
displayed before their second dose.  He waited patiently until he saw that her
strength was ebbing and she was beginning to calm slightly, then flicked another
switch on the machine. This time, the current ran between the wire placed deep
into her bladder and the plug lodged in her rectum. The first sensation for her
was not pain, but the simultaneous contraction of her rectal and vaginal
muscles. There was clearly some cycling to the current, because her muscles
contracted and relaxed uncontrollably. Then something happened and she felt a
pain worse that she could have imagined explode from her urethra into her
bladder, across her clitoris and deep into her bowels. No screams this time,
just a hissing from between her clenched teeth. Her body was completely rigid,
quivering slightly, and she began to sweat profusely, with rivulets trickling
across her breasts, belly and thighs.

He played for a while with the current control, watching her convulse. His eyes
were drawn to her black pubic hair, and he craned his neck to see better the
effect the current was having on her genitals. He was interested to observe her
vagina twitching, as if trying to grasp something. She was in good condition: he
would certainly rape her before calling for her to be removed. When her hissing
became a disturbing gurgle, he turned off the current again. The room eventually
stopped spinning for her and she started to cry. It began as little sobs between
gulps of air then grew until she was bawling like a child abandoned by its
mother.

The next time he activated the machine, he applied current to her upper and
lower body together. With his right hand he played with the current control
dial, while with his left he casually stroked his erection, which was pressing
somewhat uncomfortably against his trousers. He thought he should loosen them
but he was too absorbed in the sight of the girl on the bed writhing in agony to
do so. Sometimes he would reduce the current, allowing her to recover her senses
sufficiently to try to beg for it to stop, her words garbled by the action of
the wooden bit, on other occasions he would turn the dial up as far as he was
confident, watching her body rise rigid from the bed, her only movements a
slight quivering of her torso and sweat pouring from every gland.

Some time later, she did not hear the knocking at the door, the man sliding his
chair back from the table, and another man entering the room. When the current
was turned off, she felt hands around her head and, as her eyes cleared, saw a
new face in front of hers. After some tugging at the back of her head, the bit
was pulled out from between her teeth and her head was allowed to roll back. She
tried to scream but found it impossible: she could barely move. She felt as if
she had been run over, crushed. Her arms and legs were numb and she wasn't sure
if she would be able to move them again. Her breasts, genitals and rectum felt
raw and burnt and she wanted to look down her body to see the damage but lacked
the energy to raise her head. During her torture, she had tried to keep her eyes
locked on the bright lamp to keep some sense of orientation but now she found
the light oppressive and she turned her head to one side, away from the two men
seated next to her.

Someone was talking to her. She turned her head and tried to focus on the men
seated at the table. Something was wrong with her hearing because the words
sounded as if they were coming through water. The voice was raised: harsh words,
but she couldn't follow what he was saying. Then another voice, her torturer's.
They were talking about her and she caught a few words. "Dazed...problem with
electricity...try later...tomorrow...nice tits...cunt...give her some more
anyway".

She felt completely helpless as the wooden bit was put back in her mouth and the
wires tightened. She was cold, the sweat steaming off her damp body. She didn't
understand what was happening, why she hadn't been asked the questions. Then
someone flicked a switch on the machine and she knew again where she was.

Some time later he turned off the machine and watched Maria's body slump back
onto the bedframe. This time, her eyes were closed and her head lolled to one
side. A trickle of drool and white foam emerged from the corner of her mouth. He
was irritated: he'd pushed the current up just a little too far and she'd passed
out. She'd now be useless until the following day. He thought again about raping
her but decided instead to pick up the phone and call for the guards. He then
removed the bit from the mouth of the unconscious girl and unscrewed the clamps
from her nipples. Before proceeding, he placed a finger into her vagina and was
disappointed to find it quite dry. He then pulled out the plug, easily now that
her muscles were slack, and withdrew the tube from her urethra. He allowed the
guards to remove her restraints and, as he watched them carry the girl from the
room, reflected that, despite the failure of the interrogation, it had been a
good session.




MARIA PART 2

Maria awoke in almost total darkness. For a moment she was afraid she'd lost her
sight until she turned her head and saw a strip of light at the bottom of a
door. She was lying crumpled on the floor of a tiny cell, too small even for her
to stretch out. She was naked, hands cuffed behind her back and legs manacled
with perhaps a foot of chain between her ankles. Her entire body ached and her
left side, on which she had been lying, was numb. Her mouth was parched and she
was desperate for a drink. She wanted to call out but had no energy in her
lungs. Gradually, she became aware that she was lying in a pool of liquid which
from the smell was probably urine.

She did not seem to have suffered any permanent injury from the earlier torture
session which she now remembered with a shudder. Without any sense of time
having passed, she had no idea how long she had lain unconscious. But despite a
throbbing shoulder which she suspected was dislocated and avoided moving, and
the soreness of virtually all the muscles in her body, she was unharmed. However
much worse was the psychological damage and as she began to remember she started
to panic and she opened her mouth to scream but no sound came out. She began to
hyperventilate and struggle against her bonds.

Clearly her movements had been heard outside because at that moment a panel at
the base of the steel door slid back and a plastic bowl was pushed through.
Before she could say anything, the panel was slammed shut and the sound of
retreating footsteps could be heard. She could just make out the shape of the
bowl in the semi-darkness. She desperately hoped it contained water and,
forgetting her trauma for the time being, manoeuvred herself so that she could
reach it with her mouth. This was difficult in her bound state, and as she
gingerly bent her head down to the bowl she was fully aware that she was feeding
like an animal. Thankfully, the bowl did contain water and she slurped up the
valuable liquid as quickly as she could while being careful not to spill it.

Her mouth and lips were still very dry but at least they felt less like
sandpaper and she collapsed again on the floor, exhausted by the small exertion.
She immediately fell asleep. She slept deeply but, fortunately, dreamlessly and
lay motionless, apparently lifeless.

She was awoken by a banging at the door and, as she was dragging open her
eyelids across scratchy eyes, the door swung open and she saw two silhouettes
towering above her. As she was lifted the blood drained from her head and again
she fainted.

She awoke with a start as someone waved smelling salts under her nose. Her head
jerked back and she found herself in a metal chair, wrists chained behind her
back and ankles chained to the chair's legs. She was in a new room, white-walled
and windowless with light provided by a single, buzzing fluorescent strip in the
ceiling. A man in a white coat busied himself at a table. To her left, on the
far side of the room, was a wooden post with various slots cut into it. She felt
a hand grab her right arm and saw the glint of a needle before it pricked her
flesh. The man began emptying the contents of a large syringe into a vein. It
took some time and she vomited about halfway through the procedure. She heard
the man, whom she assumed was a doctor, curse.

After a few minutes she began to feel better. The aching in her muscles waned a
little and she felt stronger. The doctor turned to her holding a plastic bottle
and, yanking back her head back by the hair, rammed the top between her teeth.
Squeezing, he ordered her to drink and she gratefully gulped down the salty
water, choking and spluttering as she tried to keep up with the flow. She had
finished about half the contents when the doctor withdrew the bottle and poured
the rest over her chest and stomach, washing most of the vomit onto the floor.
Then, without a word, he put back the bottle and left the room. She heard the
sound of a key being turned in the lock.

She sat there for some time, apprehensive. Her worries about what would happen
next prevented her dwelling on what had been done to her earlier. This she
recognised and actively tried to concentrate on the present. She stared at the
empty syringe on the table and wondered vaguely if she could somehow get to it
and conceal it but she was chained tight to the chair, which would not move on
the floor.

Abruptly she heard a key turn in the lock and the door was flung open. Two men
entered, checking her over as they did. One moved behind her and started
loosening her wrists. The other carried a red plastic bucket the size of a small
trough, which was evidently heavy with liquid sloshing inside. She recognised
this man. Putting down the bucket near to the wooden post, he called to the
first "Bring her over" and she was led across the room, surprised that she could
walk again. When she reached the post she was ordered onto her knees and, with
her back to the post, the first man proceeded to tie her hands and ankles behind
the post using two pairs of handcuffs. As he did so, he noticed the dark bruises
on her limbs: she had been tied for a good while.

As she leant against the pole and tucked in her toes she felt fairly comfortable
for the first time in a long while, despite the hard stone floor against her
knees. But Maria realised again with rising anxiety that something was going to
be done to her. Her heart beat faster and she felt bile rise in her throat. She
had lost sight of the other, but the man she recognised was dragging the bucket
towards her. He positioned it a couple of feet in front of her knees. She turned
her head away as he looked at her and she heard him speak.

"Seems like you're useless under electrical torture" he said. "Let's try
something different".  He nodded in the direction over her right shoulder.
Immediately she felt a fist grab her by the hair and force her head forward. The
cleft of her buttocks was rammed hard into the post and she would have crashed
onto the floor had she not been restrained by her cuffed wrists. Her head was
pushed into the bucket, water splashing onto the stone tiles around it. She had
had no chance to take a breath and at once she started to choke and thrash
wildly. But the firm hand held her head in place under the water.

Just as she thought her lungs would burst, her head was yanked back out and
released, leaving the girl coughing and wheezing. Seconds later she felt her
hair being pulled again and she just had time to take a breath before being
plunged for a second time into the bucket. She heard muffled voices and tried to
hold her breath for as long as she could. After just a short time the men saw
her begin to thrash but they held her in position until they could see that she
was about to drown before withdrawing her.

"Please no" the girl was crying but again and again they held her under. They
recognised the pattern: she would hold still for a while, trying to keep the air
in her lungs. Then, when she realised she could hold on no longer, she would
start thrashing violently. Finally, she would go limp and at this point they
would pull her out. Periodically, one of the men would ask her if she wanted to
talk but each time she shook her head and they pushed her back.

After a while, the girl clearly exhausted and on the point of collapsing, it
became apparent that so much water had spilled out that the bucket was losing
its effectiveness.

"I'm going off to get some cigarettes" said the man who had brought in the
bucket. "Strap her up will you".

The man went over to the table and, opening a drawer underneath, picked out
several items including a collar on with a few links of chain attached to it. He
placed the collar around the girl's neck, tightening it against her
still-spasming throat, and attached the chain to a fixture in the pole. In doing
so, he lifted up the girl's body so that she was now kneeling erect against the
pole. Next he picked up a gag with a thick rubber bit and leather straps and,
after forcing it between the girl's teeth, fixed it in place. She continued to
cough through the gag. He then took a strap and, placing it across her forehead,
buckled it around the pole, forcing her head back against the wood. Moving
around in front of her, and trying to avoid her eyes -unlike some of his
colleagues he didn't like to see the expressions on his victims' faces-he picked
up a metal pole with leather straps at each end. Forcing the girls legs apart,
causing her to strain further against the collar, he fastened the straps to her
knees. As he was doing so, he heard the sound of choking from above.

The other man returned and was pleased with what he saw. The girl, on her knees
against the pole, was held fast. Her wide eyes followed him around the room and,
although he could not make out her words through the gag, he suspected that she
was pleading with him. Her chest heaved as she tried to control her breathing,
her breasts rising and falling rhythmically. Most of the water had run off and
her skin was covered with small droplets. Her nipples stood out proud and he
watched a particularly large drop hang on one of them. As the pink tip quivered,
he saw it fall to the floor.

He had brought with him a folding chair which he placed next to her and sat
down. When he stroked her cheek she tried to pull away. Holding her by one of
the rings in the gag, he moved her head from side to side.

He was wearing a white shirt and proceeded to unbutton the cuffs and roll up his
sleeves. Taking a new packet of cigarettes from his shirt pocket he removed the
wrapping. He saw the girls eyes dart between his face and the packet as he did.
He took out a cigarette and replaced the packet. Stretching to dig into his
trousers, he pulled out a silver lighter and lit up. Inhaling deeply he filled
his lungs with the hot smoke and blew it out over her face. Because he was not a
regular smoker, he felt a rush from the nicotine.

Smiling at her, he took her left breast in his hand, holding it up. The girl
again flinched but was unable to move significantly. The tip of his cigarette
glowed bright as he inhaled again. Taking it out of his mouth, he brought it
towards the trembling girl and pressed the tip against her nipple. Despite the
restraints, the girl's body jerked and fought and she let out a wild scream
which was muffled by the gag. He held the tip in placed for a few seconds then
withdrew it, leaving a black mark on the breast. The girl continued to scream as
he drew on the butt again. 

He repeated this procedure on the girl's right nipple, extracting more peals of
anguish from her as he ground the tip into her tender pink flesh.

"Would you like to talk to me now?" he asked her. Moaning, she managed to nod
slightly under the strap around her forehead. "Good" he said.

He stubbed out the cigarette on the floor and casually took out another from the
packet. The girl's eyes fell and he heard her wail "No" as he lit up again. He
then proceeded to burn the girl across her breasts and torso, the tip hissing as
it met her sweaty skin. Pulling her forward with his hand in the small of her
back, he produced a neat line of marks across the girl's abdomen just below her
navel and he brushed away the ash with the back of his hand. The girl's eyes
were tightly closed, and as she screamed saliva ran down her chin and onto the
floor. She struggled in her bonds, choking herself in the collar and chafing her
knees on the rough stone floor.

"Take out her gag" he told his companion. The latter found this difficult, as
the girl, in terror, had locked her teeth hard against the rubber and he had to
hold her nose to get it out. He also removed the head strap, allowing her head
to flop forward.

Picking up a clipboard on which some sheets of writing paper were mounted, the
interrogator invited her to talk.

Maria felt as if she had been stung by hornets all over her body. She looked
down and saw her nipples, blackened and swollen, and other marks across her
chest. She began to weep. When he questioned her, she told him whatever he
wanted to know without hesitation. She was quite broken. Every so often he would
pull out another cigarette, light up, and start smoking. Every time she could
not take her eyes off the glowing red tip, terrified that he would use it on her
again.

Satisfied with the results, the man put down his clipboard. "Well, that was
easy, wasn't it?" he said, smugly. Looking at his companion, he asked "One
more?" and, from the smile on his face, Maria knew that the other man had
nodded. The man still held an unfinished cigarette in his hand. Raising it to
his lips, he blew gently against the tip, making it glow temporarily brighter.
Grabbing her by the hair, he held the tip close to the girl's face. She felt the
heat on her skin and tried to turn away. Then he let go of her hair and, bending
down, put his free hand between her legs, cupping her snatch. She was powerless
to prevent him, the metal bar holding her thighs rigidly apart. He spread her
labia with his second and third fingers and played with the folds of flesh. By
now the girl was pleading desperately with him, telling him she'd do anything,
that he could have her any way he wanted. To himself, he agreed with her, and
pressed the burning tip of the cigarette against her clitoris.

Prisoners in cells farther down the corridor, accustomed as they were to hearing
disembodied screams on a frequent basis, nonetheless jumped in alarm as they
heard a woman's demented shriek echoing through the building.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe K


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





