BDSM Library - You've Got Male




You've Got Male
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michael embarks on an adventure in e-domination.
You've Got Male
(c) copyright 1999 by Fox (guest.bound.to/foxtales). all rights reserved


CLICK!
Michael's index finger pushed down on the hard beige plastic. This action caused
a chain reaction of events: a circuit was closed in the computer mouse, which
sent a signal racing down the wire to his computer. The mouse's signal caused a
message recently typed by Michael to be bounced around a few chips and circuits
for a nanosecond or two before scampering down the telephone lines to the
circuit boards and silicon chips awaiting in some other part of the world.
The screen before Michael changed.
"Message sent"
He sat back in his chair. The die was cast. His message, a reply to hers, would
soon be posted on the Message Board at Fetish Latex Lover.
God he loved that site!
It was late Tuesday evening. Michael sat at home, alone, surfing. He was feeling
particularly kinky that day, not to mention excruciatingly horny. But other than
Ms. Hand and her 5 daughters, he had no one to share his desires with. He
thought of his collection of toys and fetish clothing. Not tonight.
He turned off the computer, took a shower, and went to bed.


"You Have New Mail!" The blinking message shouted. The computer chimed several
times. Eager to see who was sending him a message, Michael switched from his
word processor to e-mail.
There was a message. From Mistress Chimera.
"FUCKHEAD!" it screamed at him. 'I SAID E-MAIL ME!!"
Michael was amused. "Okay, Mistress," he said as he typed. "I'll be a good boy
and do as you command."

From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	my apologies
Date: 		Wed, 5 May 1999 06:49:55 -0700 (PDT)

Dear Mistress,
Please forgive me for being so stupid. I am a lowly male and so did not truly
comprehend what I read. What can I do to make it up to you?
Your slave,
Michael.

He pushed his chair back, and smiled.



From: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 		My new slave 
Subject: 	Please me or else!
Date: 		Wed, 5 May 1999 06:55:22 -0700 (PDT)

Worthless dog! I am MISTRESS CHIMERA. I am YOUR MISTRESS. I am cruel and
demanding. I will be OBEYED.
Are you worthy of me, worm?
I will give you 3 tasks to perform. Completion of these tasks, with question,
will help convince me you are worthy of my time.
Submit, or be gone!

A sly wicked smile slunk across Michael's face as he read her message. He began
to type.

From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	my servitude

Dear Mistress,
How can I please thee?
Your humblest slave,
Michael.




The next morning, the little e-mail icon was flashing.

From: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 		worthless dog 
Subject: 	Your FIRST Task!

IGNORANT WORM!
You did not follow instructions the first time you answered the message board,
so I do not have confidence you can do so now.
Your first task is a simple one:
You are to dress completely in rubber. Only your head and hands are to be
uncovered. Do NOT remove anything for 24 hours. Not for ANY reason.
When 24 hours have passed, take a piece of rubber tubing that is at least 3 feet
long. Tie several knots in one end. Bind your puny cock and balls with the other
end. Then insert the knotted portion up your rectum, pushing ALL the knots all
the way in.
Then think of Me as you masturbate. Pull the tubing from your ass as you orgasm.
Think of Your Mistress and how much you would like to please Me.
I await impatiently for you to obey.
Your Mistress.


Michael sat back in his chair. The rubber clothing was no problem. In fact, he
had worn it under his work clothes many times - self employment has its
advantages. He looked at his daytimer, and smiled.
"What the fuck," he thought.

From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	my obedience is yours to command

My Beloved Mistress,
Once again i must beg forgiveness from Your Divine Majesty. i am only a lowly
and stupid male slave who does not have the sense to know what to do and when to
do it. i offer you this demonstration of my respect and love for You.
As i write this, Mistress, i sit in my office, dressed in a shirt and tie,
slacks, socks and shoes. i am very hot and perspiring freely, for beneath my
clothes i am dressed in rubber as befits Your humblest latex slave. my upper
body is covered with a black rubber tank top, which is pressing down mightily on
the excruciatingly tight nipple clamps i wear. Each movement of my arms as i
type this, nay every breath i take causes the rubber to press down or move
against the terrible bits of steel which have bitten into very tender flesh, for
my nipples are very sensitive. i do not know how much more of this i can take,
for i have been wearing the clamps for twenty minutes now, and i know this is
the upper limit of safety, but i know it will hurt even more when i take them
off.
my legs are encased in a pair of black latex tights - i did not put on the
crotchless pair for reasons which i will soon make clear. Over top of the tights
i have drawn my latex stockings, making it a double covering of that wonderful
second skin. i squeak when i move. my feet already swim in puddles of sweat...
and sooner or later today, there will be other things too.
As You commanded, Mistress, i have wrapped my puny little cock with rope, as i
do not have any rubber tubing. i will obtain some on my way home today. Right
now my useless male appendage is knotted tight against my thigh, but so as not
to have any flesh meeting flesh, i first wrapped my left thigh with plastic
wrap, and placed a condom over my cock. of course, i cut the end off the condom
first. it hurts to sit like this, but it hurts to stand, too. and as i am at my
office right now, and the telephone is across the room (deliberately so), i am
reminded of my worthlessness as a male and my devotion to you by the ringing of
bells. and they are ringing quite a bit today!
Mistress, i have not knotted the rope and stuffed it up my ass - that torment i
must save for later. i have tied it in a crotchrope fashion, however. i can feel
the friction burning of the nylon cord between my legs and across the tender
skin between the lower part of my cheeks. on one hand, i can hardly wait for
release from this torment, but i am also fearful of how it will feel tomorrow
when i knot it, push it inside me then pull it out! i hope my muscles will relax
enough to allow it to pass through that little opening!
Yes Mistress, i am wearing rubber shorts, and i have them beneath the tights.
again, a delicious double layer of rubber.
Mistress, i will send you an e-mail when i have completed this task.
yours in bondage,
michael




From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	my obedience is yours to command

Oh Most Exalted Mistress,
i am not worthy of You, i am not good enough even to lick the dust from beneath
Your most beautiful and shapely boot. Perhaps it will please You to hear of my
escapade in fulfilling Your task.
Mistress, my cock hurts, my ass hurts, my nipples hurt, i am experiencing rectal
bleeding, and when i came as You instructed, it was unbelievable!
Before dressing in rubber and tieing my cock as instructed, i prepared for that
time of day when i would be going to bed to sleep. i placed the keys to the
padlocks for my ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs in a small plastic container, filled
it with water, then placed it in the freezer compartment of my refrigerator.
Once locked in place, i would be unable to free myself until the water, melted
sufficiently for me to obtain the keys.
i readied myself for work, first tieing my "crotchrope" then dressing in rubber
beneath my business clothes. Being cock-restrained off and on while wearing
double layer of rubber ensured that i would experience Your Dominance all day
long!
After again reading your e-mail, i snapped nipple clamps on my little brown
buds. i have worn them before for about a quarter of an hour, but this time i
left them on for much longer.
The day was interminable! i could not pee or have a bowel movement, and i got
hotter and smellier as time went by. Fortunately i did not have any meetings
scheduled, so i was able to hole up in my office for much of the day. As a
coffee addict, i succumbed and had two cups, which was a mistake for coffee is a
diuretic. Pressures built in me all day long, and i did not dare seek release
while at work. i'm sure my staff think i am a lunatic; i covered by explaining i
was suffering from the flu and left the office, saying i may not be in the next
day.
i peed myself while driving home, the hot acidy liquid running down my leg,
pooling around my left foot, making it all squishy, hot and foul. i was
mortified, even though i was all alone.
When i arrived at my townhouse, i changed into a pair of sweats, still overtop
the rubber encasing i wore. i drew on my elbow length rubber gloves, too.
i was hungry, thirsty, hot and getting hotter, smelly, sore, and feverishly
desiring release, both sexually and from my confinement. But i knew i still had
many hours to go. i prepared my bed, stripping the sheets off so that only the
waterbed rubber bladder remained. i attached the ankle cuffs to the foot posters
(it's a four poster waterbed), and prepared the wrist cuffs, linking them
together with a short piece of chain which in turn was linked to one long enough
to fit around my waist. Padlocks were readied. As a final preparation, i placed
my down-filled comforter, the one i use when it is deepest winter, at the edge
of the bed so that i could cover myself with it.
What did i do that evening? i ate, had a glass of wine with dinner, had a coffee
afterwards. Before eating, i tried following my exercise routine. The treadmill
was quite the experience! Even though i only walked, and slower than my normal
pace, i swiftly found myself soaked in sweat, and the piss around my left foot,
well!
i drank a glass of water, knowing i would soon be paying for it.
Throughout the day and evening, my thoughts were of Mistress, Her Magnificence,
Her Beauty, and Her Desires. i was continuously in a state of arousal, but
unable to do anything about it without disobeying Your command. To add to my
torment, i decided to watch a movie: "Strictly for Pleasure", starring Chasey
Lane and Alexis Payne.
Torment is a good, but mild word. In my mind, i begged for release from my
predicament, but knew i must persevere if i was to win my way into Your good
graces.
i tried reading a book, but finally knew i should just go to bed, lock myself
in, and wait for morning which time i could obtain my blessed release.
i went to the freezer and removed the plastic tub - i had planned ahead and made
sure there was plenty of string attached to the keys, so i would be able to
reach them once they thawed.
i placed the tub on the bed so it would be between my legs. then locked each
ankle into its leather cuff. my legs were splayed far apart, the strain
stressing my thighs. i took the rubber tubing and tied knots in one end, then
placed the soft pliable rubber against my little brown bud of an opening.
Mistress, pushing the knots up my ass was most uncomfortable! i wrapped the
chain about my waist, looping it down my back, through the crack in my ass, and
up to my middle. There was enough left over to link it to the short chain
between the wrist cuffs, but if i moved my wrists (such as to get the keys), it
would pull most uncomfortably up my ass and on my balls. Even in securing
release, i would suffer. Using a snap fastener, i hooked the crotch chain to the
6 inch chain attached to the wrist cuffs.
i pulled my inflatable hood over my head, It is a tight squeeze going over my
forehead, but once past that area, it slides on with ease. The acrid rubber
taste of the bulb filled my mouth, the scent of rubber and cornstarch filled my
nostrils. i was in total darkness now.
i pulled the down comforter over my body, then lay back on the waterbed. even my
head was covered by the blanket, the warmest one i own. it was going to be a hot
night for me!
First making sure the keys were within easy reach - the cold plastic snuggled
against my rubber covered right thigh, right at the crotch - i slipped my hands
into the rubber bondage mitts, locked my wrists into the leather cuffs, and
settled in to thoughts of You. There was absolutely no way i was going anywhere
until the ice in the tub melted, i figured in the morning.
Mistress, i fantasized about You having placed me in this position, only while i
was tied down, You were amusing Yourself with my helpless body, tormenting my
already sore nipples, smacking my thighs with Your whip, rubbing Your gorgeous
body up and down my captive form. i thought and dreamed of You all night long,
and it was a long night!
Time and time again, i longed for release, but the damned keys were still locked
away in their frozen container!
Through my wretched bondage sleep, i barely heard my alarm clock. It was time! i
reached for the string attached to the keys. The chain ground, hard, into my
balls and my ass. i groaned in pleasurable pain. my cock was rock hard but it
had been doing that for 24 hours now! The movement of the chain reminded me,
painfully, of the knotted cord up my butt. Release was going to be SO good!
The fucking keys were still in a small piece of ice. And wearing bondage mitts,
which were locked on, it was going to be tough to free the keys and myself.
i was drowning in sweat, my jaws ached from the pressure of the inflated gag,
the hood pressed down on every centimeter of my head, and there was nothing i
could do for some time yet.
i peed myself for what must have been the fifteenth time (i exaggerate,
Mistress, forgive me!)
It was time. my cock throbbed with anticipation. taking the loose end of the
rubber tubing which dangled between my legs, which was no easy feat bound as i
was, i wound the slip knot over my rigid member and down the purple veined shaft
to the root. i pulled it tight and almost shot into the air!
Finally, after an interminable wait, i was able to break the keys out of the
ice. Struggling, almost panicky, i freed my hands. i threw the comforter off the
bed, spilling the plastic tub of water. i flew to the bathroom, stood in the
shower, and peeled the now wet and stinking latex from my body. i released my
cock from my thigh, grabbing it with my hand, and pumped furiously. The binding
cords held fast, but i was able, finally, to grow hard. the pleasure built
incredibly fast in my groin, the seed racing down its internal pathway. my hips
bucked like a untamed bronco, my hand gripped my cock like a vice. i reached
behind, and grasped the cord end with my left hand. At the moment the pressure
inside me built to an uncontrollable level, i pulled on the cord.
Mistress, the pain which burst through my body as the first knot erupted from my
ass was unbelievable. i screamed and shot semen literally across the room! i
pulled and pulled, pumped and pumped, and experienced the most painful and
intense orgasm of my life!
When all the cord was out of my ass, the shit and blood dripping from the beige
coloured rubber, i turned the shower to full blast and let the warm water pound
all over my body.
i slumped to the floor of the shower, and only then, did i remember to close the
shower door.
Mistress, You are Wonderful!
i worship You.
i must go now. i will think of You constantly during while i am away.
Your slave,
michael




From: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 		putrid wretch 
Subject: 	Next Task

You useless piece of dog shit. Do you think I care if you hurt? The pain you
feel now is but a fraction of the painful pleasures I have in store for you!
Your second task is simple. Even a stupid male rubberslut like you can complete
it.
You are to shave all your body hair. You may keep that which is on your head,
but no more.
Obey me or face my wrath!
Mistress


Michael drained his coffee cup while staring at the screen. His bathroom was all
cleaned up, finally. His crotch was still sore, but the pain did not disturb his
cock from engorging as he thought of how he would complete his second task.



From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	my Second Task

Forgive me, Mistress, but this worthless slut of a slave has now fulfilled Your
next Task. i am preparing myself for the time when i will meet all Your demands,
and hopefully will meet Your approval, too.
Here is what i have done.
You have demanded i shave all hair from my body excepting my head.
This past weekend, i embarked on my mission. i involved a friend with whom i
have played in the past- her name is Stephanie. She is tall, very slender, and
quite pretty, fashion model pretty when photographed. Stephanie is also quite
mischievous with a charming kinky bent, but not too kinky unfortunately. Playful
bondage, mild spankings, that sort of thing when mixed with some very active
sex.
i took Stephanie to the theatre and for drinks back to my home. One thing led to
another, and soon she and i were quite amorous, which was my intention. i hoped
to enlist her help in my Task. We were in the shower together, and i coyly
commented on how smooth and soft her skin was, and idly wondered how it would
feel to be hairless. i teased her soft, downy (and soapy wet) pussy hair as i
pondered being smooth and hairless myself. She was willing to play, but insisted
i shave her. She braced herself, one leg on either side of the bath tub, her wet
and soapy female centre core thrust forward. i was more than willing to shave
her, first soaping her fur, then gently but with practiced firmness (i shave my
face every day after all), using my razor to peel away the covering to reveal
the glistening soft pink flesh beneath. Stephanie moaned as i shaved her, for
she was clearly enjoying the attention i was playing to her most private parts.
The shower continued to cascade down on us as i worked.
When i was done, she thrust my head into her parted cleft. i kissed and licked
the newly exposed skin, sucking on her unhooded clit, thrusting my tongue into
her smoothly shaven interior. The experience so far was incredible!
When Stephanie had had her fill of my tongue and nose and teeth, she slid down
from the her perch. We kissed and i longed to thrust my swollen cock into her
most intimate parts, but she had other ideas. Reaching for my cock with one
hand, she turned the water off with the other.
"Your turn, Michael," she said. If only i had known what she was up to!
Stephanie grabbed the belt off my bathrobe, knotted it about my wrists, looped
it over the shower curtain railing, and suspended my arms above my head! Of
course, this only made my cock grow harder, so she decided to cool my jets while
she prepared the rest of her game. She turned on the shower, but gave me a blast
of cold water! When i objected, she thrust the soapy bath sponge in my mouth. i
stood as still as i could, but the water was damn cold. So the minx said she
would see to it that i stayed put while she shaved me. The next thing i knew,
she was wrapping a stretchy cloth bandage around my ankles, pulling them
together, and tying it off in a tight knot. i was not going anywhere now! So
far, my plan was working, even if it had taken an unexpected but delightful
twist.
Stephanie soaped my underarms first, then lathered up my back. Kindly, she
turned the water from cold to warm as she scraped the hairs from my armpits and
back. i expected her to turn her attentions to my chest when she was done, but i
felt her hands rubbing shaving cream on my butt cheeks. When i moved, she gave
me a mighty swack with her hand, which had shave cream spraying everywhere and
which hurt too! She must have liked that, for she smacked my ass two more times,
too, giggling while she did it. i froze when i felt the razor glide down my
soapy cheek to the back of my thigh. She must have been very aroused by all
this, or at least i was, for i felt cream being sprayed between my cheeks.
"Spread 'em" she ordered, so i bent forward as best I could and thrust my butt
out. Stephanie proceeded to shave the crack clean.
When she was satisfied, she had me stand on the edge of the tub, soaped up my
legs and shaved them too. Now i only had hair on the front part of my body, and
i wished she would get to it! my cock ached with desire for her.
She unlooped my belt from the shower bar, and told me to jump down. Taking one
end of the belt in her left hand, my cock in her right, she made me hop behind
her to the bedroom. Stephanie pushed me down on the bed, and told me to lie face
up. i obeyed. She tied my hands to one end of the bed, and using the ropes she
knew i kept nearby, spread my legs and tired them to the foot posts. i was very
glad when she pulled the sponge from my mouth, but she replaced it with a
vibrator. i was still gagged.
She covered my legs and chest with shaving cream, and, pressing her lithe body
against mine, soon had herself covered in cream, too. Stephanie saw how hard i
was, and after giving the purple head a little kiss, flicked it with her finger.
"Hope you're able to do this later!" she crowed.
i moaned as i felt the razor glide across my chest, the curly hairs coming off
in stripes. the unaccustomed air felt cool against the skin, even though the
room - and my body temperature - was hot. It took a little bit, but soon
Stephanie had removed all the chest hair, stomach hair and leg hair i owned.
And, she shaved my pubic hair into the shape of a heart!
Laughing, she lowered her head and suckled on one of my nipples. Her teeth are
sharp, believe me! i was ready to shoot my load, but she wasn't having any of
that yet. Turning on my belly so that she faced my cock and i faced her
beautiful tight butt, Stephanie lathered up my cock and balls, and the skin
between my legs. Groaning with pleasure, she lowered herself on to the dildo i
held in my mouth. my nose pressed into her anus as she slowly rocked from side
to side and back and forth, pleasuring herself. i was almost suffocated by her,
and was certainly intoxicated by the sensations, when i felt the first strike of
the razor against my pubes. Stephanie fucked herself with the dildo while she
shaved my cock and balls until they were as smooth as any little six year old's!
She rose up in her orgasm, squeezing my chest with her legs and damn near
ripping my cock off with her hand.
Throwing herself off my body, without giving me any release, Stephanie announced
she was going to take a shower. When i moaned, she said, "sorry, i forgot," and
pulled the vibrator out of my mouth. As she planted a very wet kiss on my lips,
i could feel a nudging against my anus, and then suddenly, it was in! the very
vibrator she had just fucked herself with was now fucking my butt! Stephanie
popped the bath sponge back into my mouth, said "ta ta!" and headed off to the
bathroom.
I don't know how long she stood there after her shower, but i now she was
watching me as i tried to masturbate by fucking myself with the vibrator. my
hips churned, the vibrator pumped up and down inside me. And then, suddenly, she
was back, straddling my waist. i almost screamed in delight as she impaled
herself on my now hard as a rock cock. i think i only lasted a few seconds
before exploding into her, but it felt like hours. Stephanie was quite noisy,
too, as her orgasm racked her body.
So now Mistress, if it pleases you, i am hairless, and ready for the next Task.
your obedient slave,
michael



From: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 		My shaven slave 
Subject: Third Task to be completed soon

HA HA HA HA!
Once shaved you can never go back. You may now have an idea of the torture that
women go through to make themselves attractive to maggot cocked men.
Here is your Third and Final task. Fulfill this and I will fulfill your every
fantasy.
You are to dress in clothing advertising the slut you are. Makeup, heels, dress,
everything. Become a woman, and display yourself publicly. Go to a bar or cruise
the streets - I don't care which.
You must become a goddess and then find a man. You must feel a man's cock in
your mouth and drink down his hot come. Then you will discover what it truly
means to be submissive.
I urge you to carry out this new task as soon as possible. I wait impatiently
for your account.
Mistress.

Michael sat back in his chair as he read this newest e-mail. He was shocked. She
wanted him to suck another man's cock! This was almost too much. The rubber
thing, well sure it was smelly and gooey and it did leave him pretty sore, but
it was not something he would have objected to, And the body hair thing, who
wouldn't resist a chance to get all soapy with Stephanie? But this, was too
much.
Wasn't it?
Let's call her bluff, he thought. He began typing.

From: 		michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: 	Your Task

Most Beautiful and Precious Lady,
i am in possession of your Command and my mind reels. i do not know who You are
or where You are or if we will ever meet.
Mistress, i am prepared to obey but i must ask two Favours:
first, may i enlist some help in my task? My friend Stephanie can assist with my
makeup and dressing.
Second, may I complete the task at the upcoming Fetish Ball to be held this
weekend in my city?
Please permit me and i will strive to please you.
your worthless slave,
michael.

From: 		ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 		stupidfuck 
Subject:  Third Task

You push your luck, first by involving another Woman, and second by asking this
of Me!
But I am in a good mood today, and so I will grant your request. You may
approach your friend who shaved you, but no one else. I don't care about where
you complete your task, only that you appear in public as the goddess you
envision and the slut you are.
If I am pleased with your obedience, I will reward you in ways you cannot
imagine.
Hurry up. My patience is short, and you have tested it.
Mistress Chimera

From: 	michaelangelo@hotmail.com
To: 	ms_chimera@bound.to
Subject: Your Task

Thank You Mistress! Your gracious permission gives me the confidence to complete
your task. It will be done this weekend at the Fetish Ball.
your most obedient slave,
michael

Michael clicked the mouse.
"Message sent".
He reached for the telephone, rapidly punching the numbers he knew by heart.
He could feel a stirring in his groin as the sweet voice answered on the second
ring.
"Hello?"
"Hi Stephanie," Michael began. "How are you?"
Michael's hand strayed southward to touch his stiffening cock. he smiled as he
spun his web.



From: 		michaelangelo@yahoo.com
To: 		ms_chimera@hotmail.com
Subject: 	The Task is Done!

Mistress, most Exalted Lady.
i scarcely know where to begin.
After receiving your permission to enlist the assistance of my friend Stephanie,
i set about making the appropriate arrangements. It was necessary to apprise
Stephanie of some of the circumstances; fortunately she has an open mind. In
fact, she appeared to be eager to help!
Saturday night was the night of the Fetish Ball. Stephanie surprised me, coming
to my home in the early part of the day. She said it was to be an important day
in my life, and so i must be prepared accordingly.
She commanded (!) me to strip and get in the shower, whereupon she proceeded
once again to shave all my body hair. Then she coated me with a depilatory cream
to make sure there would be no hair remaining. By the time she was finished, i
was sleek and smooth.
But Stephanie was not finished. After toweling me off (i was not allowed to
touch myself), she ordered me to kneel before her. She sat on the toilet seat
cover, and taking scissors in hand, began to cut the hair from my head! When i
protested, she told me to "fucking well shut up or else". It was a tone i had
never before heard in her voice! Meekly, i stopped my protestations. It took her
a few minutes, but soon my hair was cut as short as scissors would allow.
Raising her knee, she commanded me to suck her toes. As soon as i lowered my
face to her foot, she poured water all over my head.
Mistress, she shaved my head bald. Other than my eyebrows, i have no body hair
remaining!
i felt humiliated and very excited at the same time. Stephanie on the other hand
was having none of that. She instructed me to get myself into the kitchen, get
an apron and shoes from her bag and to prepare her tea and toast.
The apron was very small, very frilly and barely covered my rising cock. The
high heeled mules were awkward to walk in. my naked and shorn buttocks must have
gleamed in the kitchen light as i staggered about the kitchen. When i moved to
close the verticals at the patio door (there is a patio off my kitchen),
Stephanie forbade it. Fortunately, no one came by but if they had, they would
have seen my entire body blush!
We spent the afternoon this way, with me as Stephanie's maid. She never touched
my cock other than to slap it if it grew too big or i was too slow. She enjoyed
fondling my buttocks and pinching my nipples, though! She said it was good
training for my upcoming role as a woman. my walking improved for i was not
allowed to remove the mules.
About 6:00 pm, Stephanie wanted her supper. She ordered a pizza. Then she
ordered me into the bathroom.
I sat quietly on the toilet seat as Stephanie expertly applied my makeup,
transforming me into someone else. i don't know how women can do this every day!
Finally satisfied with my face, Stephanie handed me my black rubber stockings
and gloves. She would not allow me to look in the bathroom mirror.
When i was "dressed", Stephanie had me close my eyes. She led me into my bedroom
and stood me before the bedroom mirror (i have floor-to-ceiling mirror doors on
my closet). I was stunned, for a stranger looked back. The stranger had a Goth
look, with very pale foundation, a reddish eyeliner, heavy mascara and dark dark
lipstick. Totally bald, the stranger wore opera length black latex gloves, thigh
high black latex stockings and a frilly little apron.
That's about the time the doorbell rang.
"That's my pizza," Stephanie said sweetly. "Go get it." When i protested, she
smacked my ass, hard. Grabbing my wallet off the dresser, i wiggled and stumbled
my way to the front door.
i think i scared the daylights out of the delivery boy. He got a good tip for
his pains, though!
i didn't get to eat any pizza. Stephanie (and indirectly You) had said i would
get a mouthful later, and that some things go better on an empty stomach.
Before i dressed for the evening, Stephanie applied rouge to my nipples. She
also took a cock harness, rope and leather belt from my toy collection. First
the belt circled my waist. Then the cock harness circled my manhood. The rope
she tied to the ring at the end of the harness, and pulling it up between my
asscheeks, tied it off in back of me. my cock was now pulled down between my
legs, preventing me from getting an erection, or even a bulge in front. No
bananas in my pockets that night.
Earlier i had set out my "wardrobe" - a turquoise coloured rubber dress, black
rubber panties. From her bag, Stephanie handed me a rubber bra, some tissue and
two bags filled with foam rubber chips which were to fill out my breasts. i
wiggled my way into the strange garment. Next i pulled the extremely tight
fitting rubber panties over my hips. Finally, i worked my way into the turquoise
dress. looked in the mirror once more. A tall, bald headed woman, a little thick
in the waist, looked back. i was astounded at how the male me had disappeared!
From behind, Stephanie slipped a broad leather collar about my neck. i heard a
click and felt the weight of a padlock. She also locked me in wrist cuffs and
ankle cuffs. She placed my hands behind my back, ankles together, and secured me
to the corner of the four poster waterbed, while she dressed for the party. i
stood staring at myself in the full length mirror. Even if we never made it out
the door, this was a night to remember!
i heard the shower running. When Stephanie reappeared, she was dressed to kill:
a leather sheath dress, high boots, gloves, the works. She snapped a leash to my
collar, unfastened my ankles, and said "Showtime!" Whereupon she led me out to
the parking garage and my car.
Mistress, forgive me for it will take far too much telling to describe the
events of the Fetish Ball here. I will conclude my adventure for you in my next
e-mail later today.
slavishly yours,
michael

"There!" he said, clicking on the Send button. Michael's groin itched where the
tiny hairs were growing back. He scratched himself absently, then ran a hand
over his clean shaven crown. He clicked on his browser and sought out some
bondage sites to check out.
"Diddle diddle leep!" chimed the computer. A little flag popped up. "You have
new e-mail".
"What the?" Michael wondered. He clicked back on his e-mail.

From: 	ms_chimera@bound.to
To: 	dickhead 
Subject:  Third Task

YOU STUPID WORTHLESS CUNT OF A MALE PIG! WHEN I ORDER YOU TO TELL ME OF YOUR
TASK, YOU MUST DO SO OR FACE MY WRATH!
REPLY IMMEDIATELY, OR ELSE!

Michael sat back in his chair. Interesting development! he thought. I wonder
what will happen if I don't reply?
He got up and padded across the carpeted floor to the kitchen. He poured himself
a glass of white wine, then paused. He raised the glass to his lips, and took a
sip of the chilled liquid.
"Diddle diddle leep!" sang his computer.
Michael returned to his home office. More mail.
"What the fuck?" he thought as he peered at the screen.

From: 		ms_chimera@yahoo.com
To: 		the useless slut 
Subject:  	YOUR REWARD!

I promised you a reward when you completed My Task. you have done so, even if
you have not written Me with all the details. But I WILL have them from you, and
I WILL have them tonight.

The telephone rang. Staring intently at the message on the screen, Michael
reached for the receiver.
Diddle diddle leep! New e-mail!

From: 	ms_chimera@bound.to
To:	
Subject:  DO YOU WANT YOUR REWARD?
ANSWER THE PHONE. THEN ANSWER THE DOOR. MISTRESS CHIMERA AWAITS. AND I GROW
IMPATIENT!

What the hell was going on? How did she ...? "Hello?" he said into the
telephone.
The doorbell rang.
"Michael?" came Stephanie's voice from the telephone. Her tone seemed tinged
with anger.
"Steph? - Stephanie?" he stammered, flustered. "Hang on a sec, someone's at the
door."
Rising, he could see a form outlined through the venetian blinds which covered
the glass-and-wood entry to his home.
He opened the door.
His heart almost stopped in shock.
He watched Her lips move as he heard Her voice in his ear.
She was on his computer.
She was here, in front of him, too.
"Stupid slut! You move too slow!" growled Stephanie as imperiously she pushed
her way by him, her laptop swinging from one hand, a cellphone firmly in the
other. "And turn off that computer. You don't need it anymore tonight."
Michael was confused. How did Stephanie know he was on the computer? What was
she doing here?
Then the lights went on.
Stephanie ... ?
He turned to stare, his jaw almost touching the floor.
...was Mistress Chimera?
Stephanie?
A slow mischievious smile crept across Her beautiful face.
"Close the door, Michael."
Mistress was Stephanie ?
Closing the door, Michael suddenly realized he had been had. And now he was in
trouble. Big trouble.
He loved it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fox


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





