BDSM Library - Tamika's Descent




Tamika's Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tamika instantly hated Beth from the moment they met, and now she found herself having to work with her...... could things get any worse.
Tamika's  Descent

By femmeslave

I am a 24 year old ex high school cheerleader.  I also would describe myself as
extremely cute girl next door type, I love my beautiful caramel skin and pert
breasts and I also have a ass that would make anyone want to stop and stare.  I
guess being a only child with well-to-do divorced parents I am a little spoiled
and stuck up.  I'm very harsh on anyone whom I feel do not meet my standards of
knowing their place whenever they are around me.

About a year ago I took a job in the human resource department of a local
factory.  Everyone seem pleasant enough from first appearances with the
exception of this girl named Beth.  I hated Beth from the moment I first met
her, I found her very ugly and almost gross in appearance.  Though she was not
fat she was still a big girl like one of those softball or basketball girls in
high school, she wore her hair short and unkempt she reminded me of some kind of
dyke, her manners were crude and her speech was almost like that of a sailor. 
So, when I was assigned a project in which I had to work directly with her, I
was almost ready to quit, but I figured I would just try and get it over as
quick as possible.

As it turns out Beth proved to be a very capable administrator and her knowledge
of various office software made the project go much smoother than I had
expected.  Though I was still put off by her appearance Beth's quick wit and
professional confidence actually made the time I had to spend with her no where
near as bad as I thought it would be.  Beth suggested we work a little overtime
on the project to finish a little ahead of schedule so she invited me over to
her apartment to get some work done.  When I arrived at her apartment I thought
it was a mess, it looked like she had made an attempt to straighten up a little
before I arrived I offered to help her tidy up a little, which seemed to pleased
her a whole lot, I guess in our own way Beth and I were becoming friends.  We
lucked out and got the living room clean and did a few hours work on our project
all before seven o'clock.  She insisted on making dinner for me before I left, I
was a little hungry and figured what harm could it do.  After dinner she offered
a drink or two and I figured sure why not.  She showed me around her apartment
in the bedroom a noticed a few dvd's that had been left on the nightstand, they
were all girl/girl movies, and though I had suspected that Beth was gay now I
guess the cat was out of the bag, but it did not bothered me that Beth was
gay... because I was straight and even if I was gay I'm sure I would be with a
"Halle Berry type" of girl and not this 140 pound white girl (but why was I even
considering "if I was gay")

In the weeks that followed Beth and I finished our project and our "friendship"
seem to blossom.  I found myself visiting her more and more, and for some reason
I always found myself just automatically cleaning up as soon as I got there, and
Beth would kid that it was nice to have her own little maid (which oddly made me
blush with pride).  We would talk about work, family and friends and do a lot of
drinking and sometimes I would stay over and sleep on the sofa if I felt I had
too much to drink.  Despite all logic I found myself thinking about Beth more
and more and I seem to be drawn to her apartment like a magnet or a moth to a
flame.  Why could I not get this girl off of my mind?

Sometimes if we were watching tv we could accidentally touch and I would feel
that jolt of electricity that you feel when your physically attracted to
someone, sometimes we would playfully wrestle a little if we have had a few
drinks and she would always win, pinning me until I would say "I give".  I
became so curious about Beth's lifestyle that I begin asking her more and more
what it was like to be with another woman, she was always vague with her answers
but my dreams would have to be satisfied I wanted to try it to get it out of my
system once and for all, it was just going to be a little experiment because I
was after all not gay, besides I just wanted to see what it was like to try
gentle love making with another woman.  I knew my charms could seduce Beth
easily, as pretty as I was what dyke would not jump at the opportunity to show
me pleasure.  My plan was to get Beth to do me and the go on about our
friendship as before making sure that she know it would be a one time deal for
her and she would not be allowed to make love to me anymore after the first
time, and in a few days I was going to put my plan in effect.

I took the liberty of inviting myself over to Beth's apartment for the weekend,
I made it a point to wear a super sexy outfit no bra and the cutest thong I
owned (this was going to be the most exciting night Beth ever had).  I guess
Beth knew something was up from the very beginning and instead of being helpless
to all of my overtures she seem aloof and indifferent, quick turning the tables,
taking control of the situation.  Now it was me that seem to take the passive
role, it was Beth that controlled the conversation, she seemed so much stronger
now, I had only seen small parts of this part of her personality and it had a
unusual affect on me.  She leaned forward on the sofa looked into my eyes and
told me point blank that she would not be "used" by me or anyone else for that
matter and that I owed her an apology for ever thinking I could come into her
home and take advantage of her.  Tears started to flow from my eyes
uncontrollably, Beth hugged me and I found comfort in her large warm soft bosom.
Holding my face in both hands she looked me in the eyes and said let's go to bed
now baby.

Once in her bedroom my sprits quickly lifted, but Beth still let it be known
that she was still in complete control.  She sat on the bed and told me to stand
in front of her and do a slow strip, and though I suddenly felt a little shy I
found myself obeying her. I slowly took of my demin shorts revealing my thong
then I removed my shirt which I was sure my 34C breasts with little Hershey
kisses for nipples would get the desired reaction, instead she told me to model
for her, which I did.  I I made several 360 degree turns and a few playboy like
poses on the floor (my eyes searched her face for a reaction) but she still had
her poker face.  Beth ordered me on the bed, I was on my side trying to look
sexy when she removed my panties and told me to lie on my back with my thighs
spread, she then got her digital video camera and told me to play with myself. 
I should have stopped right then and there, put on my clothes and left, but I
found myself doing just what she said not quite understanding the power this
woman had over me.  Beth made me do some very nasty things with my fingers,
under her instruction I fingered both my pussy and asshole and diddle my clit
for her.  Part of me felt like a fool but my brain was in my pussy now and I was
at the point of no return.  Finally, Beth sat the camera on the night stand and
climbed between my thighs with no foreplay what so ever and attacked my clit
with her tongue, stopping only long enough to tell me to lick and suck my
fingers clean while she ate me, the fact that I had waited so long for this
moment and the kinky act of tasting my own cunt juices I had the most intense
orgasm of my life, but Beth was far from finished with me and over the next
several hours she brought me to cums that I would have never thought possible. 
She fingered me to several climaxes making me lick her fingers clean afterwards
she ate my pussy and clit better then any man ever had, she sucked my nipples
until they were erect beads of passion, she rolled me over on my tummy and
spread my ass and and tongued fucked my ass until I moaned with ecstasy and even
came from ass loving, then she rolled me over and kissed me deeply making sure I
could taste the flavor of my own ass.  These acts went on for hours including
the occasional whisper into my ear that she would own me, and that I would
belong to her and that she was going to make me her slave.  Around 3am she put
on her strap on and fucked the Hell out of me, my pusssy was so juicy and wet
that the dildo sunk right in to the hilt, she pinned my arms down to the bed and
fucked with long deep masterful strokes teasing my mouth with her tities before
letting me suckle like a little baby.  I lost count as to how many times I came
but I felt it odd that she did not let me go down on her.  I felt it was the
least I could do to show my gratitude.

The weekend went on pretty much the same way, Beth bringing to mind blowing
orgasms, Beth masterfully fucking me, Beth videotaping me doing and saying stuff
I would have not thought possible just a few months earlier.  By Sunday night I
was down right begging Beth for a taste of her pussy but she still refused, and
said I would have to earn the right to service her and then she ask me to leave
and not come over unless I called first, so for the next week or so Beth
completely ignored me at work and she did not return my calls.  I by this time
was consumed with thoughts of Beth 24 hours a day so when she finally allowed me
to visit her I was determined to make the best of it, and whatever she wanted I
willing to do it to make her happy

When I arrived at her apartment the first thing she did was have me to strip
naked, she told me I would be cleaning her apartment for the better part of the
morning.  Rather than argue I simply swallowed my disappointment and proceeded
with my housework while Beth snacked on Danish and watched television.  After
about 3 hours her whole apartment was spotless as she inspected my work for
flaws she commented on the fact that from now on I would INDEED be her maid when
I visit and that my new task was to clean the apartment each and everyday in the
nude weather she was there or not, and ask if I had a problem with it I told her
no I had no problem with it, suddenly her mood changed to anger and she said,
"listen you fucking stuck up black bitch, you have been looking down your nose
at me from the moment we first met.  It was my plan to teach you a lesson from
day one, and when I said I was going to make you my slave I was not kidding, now
get you slut ass over here and worship the feet of your Mistress".  My response
was a instant thud as I drop to my knees, covering the distance to where she
stood, lowering my head to the lowest of crouches I look up to her for
permission to begin and slowly planted kisses on all ten of her toes, and while
still maintaining eye contact I bathed her feet with my tongue and mouth, and I
noticed my pussy getting wet from the act of licking and sucking her beautiful
feet and toes, after about a hour of this I was so hot that I tried to inch my
way up her legs to get to her pussy but each time she stopped me short of my
goal, she told me I would have to learn to beg before I would be rewarded.  Not
sure exactly what she wanted I just let the words flow from my heart, honest and
sincere she felt my devotion and slowly removed her panties open her bathrobe
and spread her legs for me.

My heart was beating a thousands beats a minute, as my head got close I could
smell the faint aroma of her pussy and it made my mouth water.  I dove in head
first and what I lacked in skill I made up for with enthusiasm.  At first she
just let me get my fill of her and I could hear her laugh at my total abandon
and make comments like I was a born cunt eater.  But she gradually instructed me
on the finer points of eating pussy and after a few hours of just learning how
to suck her clit and tongue her hole properly, she sunk her hips deeper in the
sofa and arched her backside up offering her ting asshole for my pleasure, and
unlike her pussy I now had a good idea what I was doing.  I licked and sucked
her ass cleaning the whole crack with my tongue and mouth and actually loving
the taste, but loving the way it made me feel to be on my knees and worshipping
Beth's asshole.  After spending the better part of two hours eating her ass Beth
was ready to teach me the phase of what being a slave was all about.

After 4 or 5 hours of eating pussy and ass I headed to the bathroom to was my
face and brush my teeth, but Beth was having none of that.  She told me I should
be honored to have her juice on my face and in my mouth, Beth was opening the
door to my most deepest and darkest part of my soul, the extreme need I secretly
needed to be used as a whore and slut.  As the days turned into weeks I grew to
crave the names she called me.  When she called me names like a black whore or a
ass eating slut or her lesbian freak I actually became what she called me. 
Everyday I would go to her apartment get naked and serve as her maid doing all
of her cooking and cleaning, I made sure to always dress sexy for her and I wore
the collar and leash she brought me.  I worshipped her pussy, ass, feet and
tits.  She introduced me to her friends as her slave and I felt nothing but
pride knowing that I was indeed becoming a very good slave.  Beth also
introduced me to bondage and I especially like to be tied up while being fucked
by her and her strap on.  I was spending so much time with Beth that I decided
to come out and tell my mother that I was now gay and wanted to introduce my
mother Beth.

I told my mother that I was gay, and that my girlfriend was a girl named Beth. 
Mom took it real well and assumed I was just experimenting or going through a
phase and asked to meet Beth.  I did not go into details about the true nature
of my relationship with Beth, but Beth was very anxious to meet my mom.  The
introduction went well, and everyone seem to get along well, bet has great
social skills when she wants to, but she always made sure I knew my place with
her even around mom.  She would do little things to let my mom know that she
controlled me like making sure I waited on her hand and foot.  After a few
visits to mom's house we would stay over on occasion and when mom was gone Beth
would go to my mother's bedroom and make me eat her asshole while she lay across
my mother's bed.  I cannot begin to tell you the thrill it is for a slave to be
dominated and humiliated in such a complete fashion. 

One night while staying over at mom's I awoke in the middle of the night and
Beth was not beside, I figured she was in the bathroom, and I figured I would go
visit her and do something really hot and kinky........ something very wet in
the bathroom or maybe she needed some tissue and Beth says my tongue makes the
best toilet tissue.  But, as I tiptoed past my mother's room I noticed the door
was ajar, peeking in I saw my mother on her knees, her face buried between the
cheeks of Beth's ass

Beth saw me and we simply both smiled because now I knew that mom would soon be
Beth's slave just like me.

My name is Tamika and I am the pussy eating asshole licking black lesbian slave
of Beth

To be continued..................




Tamika's Descent Part 2

By femmeslave

Caution:  This story contains adult themes and subject matter and is intended
for readers over the age of 18.



Anything and Everything

My name is Tamika.  In just a few short months I have went from a stuck up
conceited bitch, to the willing and humble lesbian slave of Beth.  To the casual
observer my complete turn around may seem swift, but as I search the depths of
my soul for my true self I realize that my whole life was geared to this
eventual self awareness.

As a little girl both my Mother and Father spoiled me rotten. I guess I was sort
of a pawn for them to use against each other.  When other kids were being
disciplined and given clear parameters for unacceptable behavior I can't recall
not ever having my way or being able to do what I wanted.  In many ways it was I
that seem to punish my own mother when "her" behavior did not meet "my"
approval.  You can almost imagine what this type of behavior had on my psyche. 
I was so lucky to have met Beth when I did.

Beth and I are complete opposites on the surface but deep inside she is the
missing part of myself, she is the dark part of my soul and it is only through
Beth that I found the guidance and release that I had so desperately been
seeking.  I should make it perfectly clear that Beth "does not" make me do
anything, everything I do for her is for my own deep inner need, and it's a
natural submission and total power exchange. 

Beth unlike me has always been confident but never arrogant and conceited.  I
guess by not being "popular" when she was growing up taught her to not be so
self centered and shallow.  Even though Beth has taught me a lot about not being
so self- centered, I would not ever dare to not look my best for her, "I guess
some habits die hard lol".  My long dark hair and flawless ebony skin are in
such contrast to her almost "plain jane appearance".  I think most people would
be shocked to find out that this sexy, ultra femme black girl is a voracious
pussy and ass eater.  I have Beth to thank for teaching me so many little tricks
over the last few months, but deep in my heart I knew I was a natural born
cunt-eater and I was hooked from the first taste and I pride myself on my
ability for prolonged pussy and ass licking.

It was through Beth's "no non-sense" approach to my "attitude adjustment" that I
came to understand my true place and purpose in life.  Beth's simple technique
of telling me who I was and what I would become had a stronger effect on me than
a zillion hours of therapy.  The first time I felt the sting of her hand
slapping my face I was changed forever.  I now look back and know that her
punishment and discipline was just the reality check I needed.

After our initial encounter Beth would often say, "baby, someday this will all
make perfect sense to you" and though I did not understand at the time, I know
now that Beth knew me better than I knew myself. 

The burden of the horrible secret I carried was a source of excitement rather
than a feeling of shame.  The skillful manipulation of my mind, body, and soul
by this woman now seems only a faint dream.  During the first few months of our
relationship it was like an "out-of-body" experience to me.  I knew I was doing
things that my mind initially rejected but my body seem all too willing to
please this forceful woman.  Sometimes when Beth was fucking me with her strap
on she would whisper things like, "tell me you love that cock you black whore"
or "who does this pussy belongs to?", my response was always from the heart, and
sometimes even through tears, I all ways told the truth.  "Yours!", "this is
your pussy" "I'm your slut" "I'm your whore" "this black slut belongs to you" . 
Beth would sometimes laugh out loud when I begged her to let me come.  She knew
how to push all of my buttons, and only when my pleas sounded like a babbling
idiot did she allow me the "privilege" of cumming .  I know now that she was
breaking down the last of my defenses and inhibitions and preparing me for the
real world of slavery.

I do not profess to be an "expert" on the subject of bdsm, but I do know the
feeling of "subspace".  My head gets light and I reach a HIGH that no drug can
ever equal when I serve Beth.  The nastier and more humiliating the sex act, the
harder I come.  I especially like the verbal aspects of our love making.  I
sincerely doubt if anyone can equal the way Beth can make me feel just from her
words alone.  I would rather hear words like, "slut' and "whore" from her lips
than, "I love you" coming from a lesser person.  If I am doing a particularity
good job serving her pussy she coos sweet names like calling me her, "good girl"
or her "sweet baby".  Beth all ways seem to know just what words I needed.  I
make it a nightly ritual to "confess" to her each night.

"Confession", is something I recommend to anyone who seeks to better themselves
as a slave.  A night does not go by in which I do not tell Beth how much she
means to me.  I all ways tell her that that I will be the best pussy eater that
she has ever had.  I also tell her that there is "nothing" my "MOUTH" would not
do to make her happy.  I go into great detail to say what a "real" slave should
do to please her Mistress.  I know that even after a year I am still very much
still in my learning/training stages but I also know that this is the perfect
life for me.  Whenever, my face is buried between the thighs, or the creamy
white cheeks of Beth's ass I am in Heaven.

I'm still not crazy about sharing Beth with my Mother, but I dare not mention it
to Beth.  I've  also longed to perform something in the way of a "public display
of affection" to my Mistress.  I will try to gather up the nerve and "confess"
to Beth about my insecurities.  I'm sure that Beth will have a solution to my
dilemma but in the meantime I just want to get my Mother out of the picture. 

In just one year I have went from being a stuck up conceited black bitch to the
pussy eating, asshole sucking slave of a butch, white dyke (and I Love it).  I
have also willingly helped Beth enslaved my very own mother.  I do not expect
most of you to understand how it makes a woman feel to give her heart and soul
completely to another person and be rewarded with the sense of belonging that I
feel, but for those of us whom have made the leap from empty shell to (almost,
lol) total satisfaction............. The future is bright.

To be continued...................

p.s. "thanks for the feedback" comments and reviews are most welcomed.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  femmeslave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





