BDSM Library - Motorway Service




Motorway Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After a lot of cyber chatting he'd taken things one-step further with the woman that had agreed to meet in the real world.
Motorway Services

Synopsis: After a lot of cyber chatting he'd taken things one-step further with
the woman that had agreed to meet in the real world.

Story Codes: M/f, B/D, Fetish, Real

----------------------------

Discalimer: Please note that though loosely based around a real event, this is a
story of fiction. The people depicted are fictional, as are the places, times,
etc. and I must stress that I (as the author) do not necessarily condone all of
the activities in this story. If you would like to comment or just plain ol'
chat then feel free to contact me at stallone@tiscali.co.uk

Obviously having adult content this is only suitable for people that are over 18
(or whatever the legal age may be in your country.

----------------------------

I'd been chatting with Sally on the internet for a couple of weeks, she'd
described herself as being a little older than I am, happily married in a "very"
open relationship, about 5'4 with big breasts and a massive sexual appetite,
which I had already gathered by the sexual depth of our conversations.

Sally had a distinct advantage over me, as she'd seen a number of pictures that
I had posted on the amateur adult website that I use, whereas I only had the
descriptions that she'd told me.

As I recall the start of the conversations had been where she'd made a number of
suggestions on how I might improve my picture session as to attract more people
to take notice of me. It was things like avoiding the close-up pictures of my
erection and having clutter in the background. She also suggested that I might
consider the use of some props...

I took notice and spent a little extra time before posting, much to Sally's
pleasure.

More suggestions and more postings and Sally had me posting pictures in poses
that I would have never though of, most interestingly I was fulfilling her
fantasies of becoming a man in women's clothes for her and the most unusual part
was that I was enjoying it, the attention and the erotic feeling of wearing
items like things, stockings and even my girlfriends high heels.

Our chats continued to get hotter and hotter and the mention was made about the
possibility of meeting. I don't remember who suggested it first, but the plans
were being set into motion for us to meet up, halfway between our towns we chose
a suitable motorway service station, that had a hotel and a date was set. It was
not just a matter of time before we'd meet and fulfill some of our fantasies.

As the day drew nearer Sally asked, "So, what are you going to be wearing".... I
knew what she was implying and I confessed that I had bought my own items for
the meeting, especially for our desires. A pair of crotch less tights that
looked like stockings and a skimpy black thong, both of which I would be wearing
throughout a business meeting earlier in the day as I wouldn't have time to get
changed for the meeting. Coincidentally, she'd bought a very similar pair of
tights and said to top this she'd probably be wearing a skirt, no knickers and
only a business jacket covering her bra.

The day came and I was a little nervous about what could happen ... putting
these thoughts aside, I slipped into my sexy underwear, put on my suit. The
feeling of the nylon under my trousers felt very, very horny and gave me an
enormous hard on. I thought to myself that I would probably spend most of the
morning with a hard cock and that I would have to keep my jacket on to help hide
this fact from my associates.

The time from leaving my house until I pulled from the motorway to our meeting
place had just flown by and I was getting very nervous. I found somewhere to
park my car and I waited for Sally's car to arrive, a distinctively bright
coloured model that I couldn't miss. Suddenly, I saw her pull into the service
area; park and I sat for a few minutes and watched this figure of beauty leave
the car and head into the station.

I locked my car and followed her in and there she was, I could see that she
certainly had decided to wear a jacket and skirt, so I assumed that the rest was
as she'd described.

I walked over to her and said "Hi, there sexy" and was relieved to see a knowing
smile cross her face. We ordered a coffee and sat down in the food hall. We sat
and chatted for a while, both a little nervous of what we were doing.

She suggested that we go back to her car as she'd brought a bottle of wine to
help ease the nerves and it wasn't long before we'd drank this and decided that
we should head over to the hotel. After checking in and heading up to the room,
we had now gone far enough not to let inhibitions get in our way.

"Did you wear them?" she asked, question the subtle instructions to wear the
sexy underwear. I loosened my belt and slipped out of my trousers, showing that
I was wearing the pair of black stockings and skimpy knickers.

"How about you?" I asked.

"Why not come and see" was the reply.

I moved over to her and slowly unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor.
She lifted her top off revealing her gorgeous, large breasts ... we laid down on
the bed and began to explore each other's bodies. Sally gently caressed by balls
as she started to lick and suck my hard cock. With one hand I eased apart the
lips of her cunt, started to rub her clit and push my fingers into her very wet
pussy; with the other hand I held the back of her head and encouraged her to
take more and more of my cock into her mouth.

It wasn't long before Sally's actions had the better of me and I was pumping my
hot cum into the back of her throat as she eagerly sucked and licked every drop,
making me still hornier.

Time to up the ante I thought and began to gently pull her tights down to her
ankles, a which point I wrapped the soft material around each ankle a few times
so that they held tight and then rolled her over onto her stomach. Keeping hold
of the stockings I pulled her legs upwards, towards her back and looped the
crotch end over her head and into her mouth in a simple hot tie and gag. I
peeled off my tights and wrapped them around her wrists, behind her back,
rendering Sally immobile.

I stood behind Sally, where I had the perfect view of her exposed ass and pussy,
took my belt and with a few swipes turned her ass a lovely shade of red. I
reached for my camera and took a few memento pictures for myself before I knelt
on the bed behind her and leaned forward, my hard cock at the entrance of her
wet cunt.

When I leaned forward this pulled the restraints and tightened the overall hold.
I reached my hands around and under her hips; pulling her pussy lips apart, I
could feel that her cunt was soaking and desperate to be filled and I couldn't
resist.

Whispering, I ask, "Ready to have your cunt fucked?"

"Mmmph!"

As she tried to speak through the gag, I pushed my cock all the way deep into
her pussy.

I thought that I must remember to use tights for bondage in future as they kind
of bounced us around a little as I fucked hard into Sally.

Still with my hands on her pussy from underneath, I rubbed hard on her clit, the
effect of which I could feel through her pussy muscles on my cock and it wasn't
long before I felt her orgasm rattle through her body and my hands were being
soaked with pussy juices.

The feeling was marvelous and it was only a very while before I felt my balls
give the twitch; driving my cock as hard and deep into her pussy as I could my
cock burst, emptying wad after wad of hot spunk inside.

After a moment or two to calm down, she was still pulsing away underneath as the
waves of orgasms were still rippling through her body.

I pulled my cock from her pussy and moved to the head of the bed. The mixture of
juices glistening on me, I pulled the gag from here mouth and pushed my cock in
it's place ... Sally was hornier than I could ever imagined; she sucked like it
was going out of fashion. I reached for the camera and took a couple more shots
of my cock deep buried in her throat, dribbled of cum and pussy juices around
her lips.

I released her and we got in the shower together, after soaping each other's
bodies she paid particular attention to my cock, which was soon hard again! I
backed Sally up to the wall of the showed and lifted one leg a little so that I
could slide my cock into her pussy, which was still wet from the excitement.

The feeling of our soapy bodies rubbing together as we fucked under the warm
shower was very horny. It wasn't very long before I felt that heated urge to
bury my cock in her pussy ... standing as this happened, I lifted her off the
floor as I came, hanging by my cock was more than she could take ... I could
feel her legs shaking as excitement tore through her once again before we had to
leave.

Next time, we're going to try some outdoors fun, so if you're in the area you
might get lucky, too!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stallone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





