BDSM Library - Rome




Rome
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Roman lady of noble birth is sentence to death fo the murder of 2 husbands in the Roman arena. Her remaining family also loses Citizen status. As a high born Lady she, is made a example of and suffers public multiple rape using animals. Her two daughters and son are sold as slaves into prostitution.Rome    
by    
The idea of this story was taken from
      a Paper back " those who are about to die salute you " in which the story
      was told, authenticated by recorded roman text, of the Roman circus.   
I have taken it one step further and told
      the story in its own right    
Yes, a woman citizen was put to death,
      first having been raped in the arena by a jackass and earlier a blond teenager
      had been raped by a bull just as described, all for votes.    
What I have done is take a senators wife
      and upgrade the punishment accordingly. Before people start judging my
      warped character Stop! In common with a lot of people, I love to fantasise.
      However, I do not endorse any form of violence towards anybody and hate
      to see anybody being controlled.    
Like a lot of people with imagination
      I would love to see a teenage girl forcible raped by a animal but this
      does not mean I would enjoy it, as in fantasy everything is as desired.
      In real life, people get hurt,   
Both the perpetrator and the victim    
Blackstar 2003   
ROME   
By Blackstar  
Paula trembled as two custodians manhandled her along the dark dank corridor
  under main stadium. It was not that long ago that this trembling wreck, still
  clothed in a fine elegant stylish white linen gown, was a fine Noble Lady over
  lording her servants and slaves in the corridors of power.  
Gossip had it that behind any decision on the question of power with the
  Senate stood the shadowy figure of this tall slim blond 33-year-old beauty.
  Now barely two day after standing in the court accused of murder of her Husband
  she was now being propelled as a condemned criminal to a horrifying punishment  
With two husbands in quick succession, this lady was not one to let difficulties
  stand in the way of ambition. Now barely one day after standing in the court
  and convicted of murder, she was now being propelled along as a condemned criminal
  to a horrifying and humiliating punishment.  
Paula could not believe what was happening to her. She had planed so well
  but only yesterday, she had to stand and face the tribunal while it had sentenced
  her to death.  
As the leader of the court was at pains to point out. The Ruling Classes,
  if caught committing a Heinous crime, deserved an especially painful and humiliating
  punishment before death and one that fitted the crime. He then sentenced her
  to Death, however not a civilised death. But in the arena like a Common criminal.  
The final details had still to be decided by the Games committee, but she
  had been sentenced to be publicly executed in the arena for the amusement of
  the Masses. First to suffer maximum degradation and humiliation as punishment
  for her adultery by being exhibited like a vulgar prostitute before the games
  and then she was going to be repeatedly Raped but not by men but by an animal
  in front of the jeering Throng. Only then accordingly would she suffer an extra
  painful death. She was an abomination on Society and was to being treated as
  Trash. All in the name of Culture  
Not long ago she had favoured these corridors with her presence. For
    years, she had attended the games and sat with the Aristocracy in their complex. 
  Watching enthralled at the Gladiators battling for their lives in front of
  a roaring crowd till one made that fatal slip and was dragged off ignominiously
  by the Beasts of burden by hooks, and the Carcass fed to the lions.   
She had showed her endorsement, as Criminals and enemies of the State had
  met painful deaths in front of a crowd of thousands and shouted her agreement
  as justice was done and the criminal paid for his /her crimes.  
In a public spectacle of punishments specially designed to act as a deterrent
  to others looking to take advantage of a society that took pride in the liberty
  of its citizens  
She had watched enthralled as petty crooks and thieves had had various
    parts of their body amputated, or burned away. All the dregs of society,
    being punished to deter others from praying on decent society. 
  She remembered some especially clearly, as their punishment had caught the
  mind of the crowd and her imagination. 
  The rapist being castrated by several vengeful females and then slowly being
  impaled on a red-hot poker that penetrated deep into his anus. The smell drifting
  into the crowd   
The Brothel keeper who had his penis removed with a red-hot pincer after
  being made to ejaculate at first, easily, then with difficulty, then in agony,
  a full 10 times in 30 minutes by having his glands stimulated by Nice young
  lady who pushed by a finger up his anus, in addition to the manipulation of
  his prick and balls. Until he was red raw and bleeding but still cuming.  
The sight of the condemned Whores in their cages, lined up in a race to be
  the first at a container of water 100 paces away and so, win a free pardon.  
Watching the fear and anguish as they waited for the tar to be lovingly smeared
  through the bars over their backside and their genitals. The tar being roughly
  pushed deep into their crevices. Then at a signal this set alight and the doors
  flung open, releasing them from their cages to run screaming and writhing along
  the course to hopefully to be the first at the water container and its use
  to extinguish the tormenting flames.  
She had watched enthralled as several did not even make it out of their cages
  but fell clutching their burning neither region's as soon as the cage doors
  were released. Other stumbled and struggled their way along the course clutching
  their burning bottoms and cunts in their hands in a futile attempt to elevate
  the burning.  
Only to be defeated in their attempt to gain relief from pain and punishment
  by the custodian guards kicking over the barrel as the first girl reached the
  sort after barrel. They laughed as the girls collapsed on the ground in despair
  and pain as it slowly dawned that their punishment carried no free pardon to
  the first sticking their Butt in the Butt . a deserving death for being women
  who defied the natural order of things and given the use of their bodies to
  those who lusted after them and of course only to those with plenty of money.  
One spectacle she had enjoyed was when the Emperor had granted the
    release of 20 criminals as a gesture. 
  The authorities had lined up all the local serving criminals, equal male and
  females in a fight to the death, of 250 inmates. Arming only the females with
  long knives.   
The 19 surviving males and one female, which were still alive at the end
  of the free for all, were so badly mutilated that the crowed felt they had
  earned their freedom. The others died in an orgy of viciousness and brutality  
Now she was a Criminal and as such had been sentenced to death, to die in
  the arena for the gratification of the crowd. Not just a simple death but also
  one deserving of a Senators wife who stood convicted of the deaths of two of
  her husbands by poison so she could lay with her lovers.  
It was felt that Death and burning or mutilation was not a stern enough punishment.
  Disgrace, shame and degradation was needed to emphasise the enormity of her
  crime and act as a deterrent to other scheming, devious Wives, as well as a
  good crowd puller. For the Games were only put on to attract votes for the
  Senators.  
Therefore, the first part of her sentence was to be bestially raped in public
  as part of a pageant by several animals.  
A fitting punishment for her adultery and sexually motivated crime  
Her sentence was to depict in a Roman legend, so loved by the authorities,
  one of the characters, The God Venus, in re-enact of the scene in which Venus
  seduces the Heavenly Gods who took on lovers in their various earthly roles
  as a large Dog, a rutting Ram, a revolting fat Pig, a decidedly hideous Jackass,
  A Zebra and a very big Bull.  
The only difference is that in the original fable Venus took several months
  to achieve the seven seductions, For Paula's re-enactment the script had been
  changed. Paula was going to have all six beasts servicing her in a final act
  lasting just 40 minutes  
It had been designed she would spend a total of 2 hours in the arena. From
  her entrance to her final demise The first 30 minutes being displayed to the
  crowd, so they could appreciate the horror that was about to manifest its self
  on Paula's glamorous body. Thirty minutes of preparation in which all the animals
  would be lined up, so the crowd could see what was going to fuck Paula and
  how.  
To keep the crowd interested a couple of the more obscene animals
    would be given a trial run at Paula and be allowed to sniff her genitals
    and rest their legs on her backs in a mock mounting, as they would when she
    was being raped by them. 
  The organisers knew this would bring the crowed to their feet as Paula if as
  expected went into a spasm of screaming, begging and thrashed her rear end
  about lewdly in a attempt to rid herself of the animal lewd advances.   
The remaining time would be used entirely taken up with Paula having to accept
  a secession of animals pricks being forced into her cunt and having to accept
  the indignity of having her cunt filled with revolting animal spunk  
Which meant in practice that soon, she would be tastefully displayed on a
  Silver wheeled float, Artistically put on view, her long slim body completely
  naked, draped tightly, bent over a thin gilded arch, touching her toes, hands
  to her ankles, her slim oiled and powdered body in a submissive n     shape.  
Her hips would be raised and defenceless in the air, legs splayed wide-open
  displaying the animal's target, her cunt, her head held proud by a gilded collar.
  Flowers in her hair and a golden wreath, a gilded Halo encircling her head.
  Her genitalia free of the constraint of pubic hair, emphasised by being outlined
  in black, and decorated a Rouge colour to simulate the "Bulls eye" of a practice
  target.  
Her hands and feet covered in Rose petals to hide the long chains
    holding her to the platform. Long chains, so she had a certain freedom to
    writhe and thrash her arms and legs while her body and head were held ridged
    for ease of penetration and to add dignity to a deliberately undignified
    and degrading production. 
  Then to be wheeled around the amphitheatre perimeter for Display.   
When everybody in the public area had had a good look at her in her miserable
  predicament, Paula would be positioned out in the centre to the accompaniment
  of sweet music and a choir and abandoned to her fate, music still playing.
  Tastefully waiting to be seduced by her first lover. Terrified and horrified
  at what was soon to happen to her  
Her terrified and horrified pleading at her predicament, being completely
  ignored by the crowd who wants to see the performance of a masterpiece and
  a notorious celebrity unwillingly shagged by an animal.  
The Purist taking in the woman's revulsion and abhorrence and panic at her
  well- deserved role in a Classic Tale were breathless to see a Notorious Noblewoman
  punished as a convict in a way so befitting her Crime and Station.  
They would staring, at not the unfortunate woman's body, good as it was but
  the blatantly emphasised females cunt, so well exposed and displayed between
  the woman's splayed legs and slim buttocks. Imagining and longing for what
  was to come and loving it, enjoying the Upper class woman's downfall to oblivion.  
The Men lusting after her exquisite body and being denied it, looking to
  see it being abused  
The Women long envious of her good looks, Self-confidence, Poise and Fame,
  seeing her posing as a pretend Princess, were going to enjoy seeing her screaming
  with anguish, torment and distress as she was justly punished by the State.  
If it was lustful and exciting to the loins, then they would give their vote
  to the Producer.  
Her punishment had been arranged more because she was Aristocratic than for
  her criminal act. Put on show for the gratification of the multitude, displayed
  touching her toes, her legs widespread, bottom exposed rudely in the air. .
  Her genitalia emphasised outlined in black, and decorated a Rouge colour" of
  a ritual target.  
Waiting for her first lover to attend to her. A Huge Canine War Dog.  
She would be introduced to the Beast and could then watch with horror as
  the Hound caught the sent of the emulsion that would be smeared on her flanks',
  and be able to watch as the Hounds Prick grew in length and width.  
This liquor would make her smell like a Bitch in Heat and would be changed
  for each animal.  
Having her head held rigidly in front of her, by the collar, she would be
  unable to see the dog once it had been led around to her rear end.  
However, this would only concentrate her mind fully on her well-displayed
  and very vulnerable cunt, so making her ten times more sensitive to any touch
  or contact around that area. It would only be then that physiologically would
  she realise what was about to happen was for real and not some bad dream.  
She could only imagine what was to happen, but that was tormenting her as
  in her mind she felt the Dog's long coarse tongue licking the juices between
  her thighs, then feeling the Dogs Paws rest on her back, helping it to walk
  his weapon closer to the her flanks.  
The sudden warm as his loin encompassed her backside, then the fumbling and
  thrusting as Rover helped by a handler, sort out her cunt. Then the actual
  penetration. Physically possibly very pleasing but for her well bred female
  mind, mentally devastating.  
She would feel it's pressing at the entrance to her cunt and would
    instinctively try to clench her leg but the chains while long, would easily
    prevent this, allowing full invasion of her vagina.  
  Then the quick thrust as the dog got his end away up her criminally immoral
  cunt in a futile attempt to fertilise in an appalling travesty of the love
  act.   
It was hopefully expected that Paula would give out a involuntary shriek
  as she was penetrated and felt the prick being massaged up and down the inside
  of her cunt as the dog came to a climax and shot his lot into the treacherous
  Bitches cunt.  
Once the first coupling had been accomplished successfully, she would be
  given a little more freedom. Her collar would be removed and her head forced
  down to a more submissive pose. In addition, her backside soundly caned for
  dramatic effect.  
 A justly deserved punishment as while the next animal was brought in and
  made ready This would keep the crowd entertained as she screamed in pain at
  the new experience of having a cane landing with force across her bare arse  
The caning across her waiting exposed backside was there to add extra
    screaming and struggling and to galvanise some action back into her body
    between shaggings and to add variety. The landing of the cane would cause
    her to gyrate and squirm her buttocks in a lewd display of simulated lust,
    as if egging on the waiting animal, in this case the Ram. The removing of
    the collar would allow her to actually see, from between her outstretched
    legs the Rams cock approaching her cunt so she would be able see, as well
    as experience, the cock being inserted. 
  By this time, it was expected she would have implored, shrieked and prayed
  as well as pleaded, screamed and begged herself into a stupor.   
The caning had been added not so much for the pain but for the humiliation
    and to allow the watching lustful crowd to see that she was suffering torment,
    not submissively waiting to be fucked silly.  
  Not that this was to be the extent of her ordeal. Her tormentors have so designed
  her punishment so that due to the gradual increase in size from animal to animal.
  She would feel her cunt being progressively stretched, expanded. she would
  be able to safety accommodate the Rams penetration and still manage to contain,
  but with extreme discomfort the penetration and the ejaculation of hot burning
  sperm from the Jackass into her cunt. and feel it mixing with the previous
  Dog, Ram, Pig spunk. She would only start to badly rupture when the Zebra ravaged
  her.   
.  
It was also agreed that to stretch out the entertainment and suffering, as
  animals have a habit of climaxing quickly, to let the Animal next in line to
  publicly copulate with the woman, lick the woman's face and suckle her breasts
  as foreplay as the lady recovered from her last ravishing, and for the pain
  of the caning to subside a little.  
This it was sure would add to the woman's sexual torment and her screams.
    This would be achieved by smearing the ladies face, and mouth, and breasts
    with a flavoured substance, her new lover would be also encouraged to insert
    its tongue deep into her mouth so the "horror" that was going to fuck her
    also "French Kissed" her deeply. 
  This would add elegance of the scene for the Connoisseurs of traditional love
  stories. Seeing the lovers caress her and stimulate her and act to prolong
  the ladies wretchedness and revolution, for the crowds' enjoyment.   
It was anticipated that the Sheep would nip off Paula's Nipples possibly
    and the pig might even perform a partial mastectomy on her, but the crowd
    would enjoy seeing that extra treat of watching a beautiful Celebrity having
    her much admired breasts painfully chewed 
  However, mainly their leering eyes would be on her ravaged cunt.   
As the elections for New Senators was approaching it had been felt a good
  crowd puller to put the woman on public display in the entrance to the Coliseum,
  with all her animal actors by the side of her . And provide a caller to giving
  out a running description of what they would see soon mounting the woman in
  the arena and describing the feeling she would be suffering.  
This would be accompanied by a graphic description of what it is like to
  be forced fucked by a multitude of animals and the damage it would do to her
  body and mind. embellishing it, of course, with a description of the shock
  she would feel each time the cane bit into her aristocratic well-bred arse
  cheeks and lower thighs.  
The woman would of course be chained naked, legs spread so the watching visitors
  could inspect her genitalia, admire its magnificence and speculate on the state
  it would be in after her punishment and how much degradation she would have
  to endure feeling a fat Pig etc. fill her cunt with its Cum  
As a further crowd puller, on the hour a golden replica of one of the animals
  pricks would be produced and compared to the size of the woman's cunt and a
  raffle started to bet on, with which animal her vagina would rupture . Leaving
  the lady sexually mutilated and her two orifices united in one bloody slash.
  The crowd being invited in to the arena to see the result as it happened, by
  giving their vote as they left after the spectacle  
A precedent had been set when a 18-year blond old slave girl had acted out
  the fable of the Rape of one of the female Gods by Zeus, in his apparition
  of a Bull the previous month in the arena.  
She had been wheeled into the amphitheatre and shown to the crowed displayed
  on a Gold feather bed, tied on her back X wise, legs and arms stretched wide.
  Her bottom plumped high in the air up by a cushion so her shaved, painted and
  emphasised cunt was raised and begging for it.  
Zeus in the guise of a full size natural bull had been led in and while the
  terrified girl screamed and begged, it mounted the bed and then, with a little
  assistance from a helper who grabbed the bulls Dick and guided it carefully
  into place between the girls legs, straddled the girl and shoved its Dick deep
  into the girls cunt.  
It was all done very tastefully and with style. The girl being laid on white
  satin sheets her cunt shaved and her hair adorned with a jewelled crown  
The lovers of the classics ignored the girls pleading, when the Bull was
  paraded in front of her, her frightened screech when it was allowed to mount
  the bed and her screams of anguish and distress as she was mounted and the
  Bulls penis penetrated deep into her cunt. Putting her distress down as unavoidable
  for the authentic re-enactment of a fabled Rape scene.  
The girl had been specially and carefully picked from the slave market. She
  had cost a fortune not because she was a Virgin, this had long gone with the
  slave traders, But for her good looks, slim body and big tits. Also, because
  she screamed and wriggled and begged when anybody had touched her. Thus guaranteeing
  a good show and spectacle for the voting public  
Expectedly, the Bull cock did not match the girl's young cunt; therefore,
  she was instantly converted to a screaming shrieking young woman with one bloody
  orifice only between her legs. To the delight of the Audience.  
Forget the tasteful bit, the crowd wanted to see some violent lecherous porn
  and hear the Bitch scream and beg before getting it where she deserved it.  
Afterwards the girl had been removed from the Bed and held standing upright
  while a rope was fixed to a ankle or wrist of each of her limbs. To each end
  of these ropes was attached an Ox.  
The girl was to be torn apart slowly, each limb tearing from her trunk.  
Shrieking and screaming continuously as the two oxen attached to her legs
  pulled her off her feet, she was raised horizontal off the ground by the ropes,
  the girl gave a show worthy of the money paid for her. The bloody wound of
  her mutilated crutch showing distinctly between her widely stretched open legs.
  A wound that was quickly cauterised by having burning Tar anointed on it. This
  raising the intensity of the screams coming from the poor unfortunate slave
  girl.  
And then the strain taken by each Ox and accompanied by screams of agony,
  her limbs were torn off one by one until her trunk with one leg still attached
  hit the floor with a sickening thud. The other three going off in different
  direction, to the roar of the crowd. Her head and body still twitching and
  jerking on the floor. Now she was just a bloody piece of meat for the Lions
  to feed on later.  
Not that the girl had been wasted,  
She had taken part in an orgy of shagging by the arena personnel about an
  hour before after being tied to the bed. The only criterion was that her silky
  white skin was not to be marked. However, her cunt was due for elimination
  anyway, so it was to used vigorously it while was still serviceable.  
Chapter 2   
Jill stumbled as she was pulled along the rough floored stone corridor and
  nearly fell backwards. Haa! Said one of her custodian guards. You've got it
  all wrong " This time you don't lie on your back for your lover, you bend and
  stick out your arse end for a fuck from the rear, doggy style. Alternatively,
  even a Jackass style replied the other custodian laughing. That's before the "Role
  you are playing transforms you, next into a copulating Mare then a serviced
  Cow".  
Dragging the woman upright by the iron collar encircling her neck, he pushed
  his hand down between her legs, cupped her cunt pushing upwards, using it to
  help make the woman stand.  
Nice bit of Pussy you have there lady. Well it won't be long before it is
  a bald pussy. We will stopping off on the way to de-fluff your crutch so its
  well emphasised and put on display so all the watching punters can see what
  you delights you have now and place a bet on what point exactly it will be
  of no use to anybody but a butcher.  
Marcus here has decided before you perform in public you need a health
    certificate, so he is going to give you a intimate inspection of the area
    to be shagged and abused. Can't take a chance in hurting the servicing animals 
  But from what I hear they have planned for you, by the this afternoon it will
  be no use at all good for screwing anything except a picket post.   
Arriving outside a studded door Pamela was forced inside, dragged
    onto a bench, and made to sit on the edge. The sharp edge cutting into her
    bottom. 
  Enjoy your sit down; it's your last. This afternoon I will be welting that
  backside with a strap. Just to keep your attention said the first custodian
  as he tied her ankles to the bottom of the bench legs while wrenching her long
  slim legs apart, her hips still covered by the gorgeous dress she had worn
  for her trial   
Her head was wrenched back and she was forced to lie on her back on the bench
  leaving her feet on the floor. Her hips being forced upwards resulting in her
  sexual organs being prominently put on show. "This Lady is really bending over
  backwards for her crimes," joked one of the custodians as he shackled her hands
  to the top, leaving the woman staring at the ceiling.  
The guy at her feet legs opened his loincloth, yanked open the woman's fine
  tunic and plunged his dick straight into the woman's cunt and proceeded to
  give her good old-fashioned Rogering. "Enjoying it" he leered over the woman's
  belly as her face went into shock at this sudden intrusion into her cunt.  
From what I hear you can't get enough of it and murdered your last two husbands
  so you could get more, he commented as he jerked his dick in and out of the
  lady cunt. Well you are getting this one for free and I hope you enjoy it because
  once you leave this room the only fucking you will be getting will be from
  the beasts waiting for you now under the arena for your long deserved appearance
  as the Star of the small play they have written especially for your debasement
  and wretchedness  
The custodian did not take long to spurt his cum into Paula's cunt. Being
  such a prominent beauty, he had long lusted after her seeing her proudly display
  herself for the crowd in the Senators enclosure and when he had heard that
  she had been convicted and it was now "Open season" on her, it had only been
  decorum and discretion that had held him back till now.  
Being with her in the court, as her minder, his senses had swum when
    she was convicted and he had had to contain himself from sticking his hand
    between her legs in triumph even as she went white with shock at hearing
    the verdict from the Tribunal and she realised the consequences for her and
    her family:. 
  Though he quickly goosed the now condemned woman's bum as he realised that
  as long as he was discreet he at liberty to thoroughly abuse her. The shock
  of being felt up in public by such a coarse fellow made the Bitch jerk forward
  he remembered. she most probably had not realised that once convicted she was
  now "Fair Game"   
His enjoyment taken he had waited for the sentence to be announced
    by relating that he had heard her son and daughters had been taken into custody
    as part of the estate and were to be sold as slaves. He knew that at least
    one of the girls was right at that moment contemplating her new post in a
    Bothell run by the senator's wife  
  By Roman law, anybody convicted of a major crime automatically lost all status
  and so did his or her family. A mans property, wife and children were as part
  of the sentence, now classed as State property and were sold soon after. The
  money raised going to the State. 
  Paula being a widow could own no property but she did have a family and they
  owned the Villa she lived in. One Son aged 12 and two Daughters aged 14 and
  16. As from her conviction, they would be evicted, arrested and sold to the
  highest bidder at a slave auction.   
He gave her a couple more pumps to make sure he was fully empty and withdrew
  leaving the woman staring at the ceiling of the room, spunk dipping from her
  cunt.  
Excuse us the Liberty using your Lady cunt, he mocked, giving a deep bow.
  However, we felt that a good Rogering was just what you have be asking for
  sometime and as you have a couple of hours free till your attendance is needed
  in the Foyer. I thought I would use you to empty my balls, a fitting end to
  your glorious career as a high class Tramp.  
Don't think I've finished with you. However, Marcus wants some relief too.
  After Marcus has examined you Heath-wise and checked your cunt for sensitivity
  and length, I will be back to sample your aristocratic wares again  
In addition, it is in your best interest that I check out your noble back
  passage as I hear that due to the large Number of bets being placed on you
  accommodating the Zebra. It is said that the odds are to be rigged by misdirecting
  the Jackass, and possibly the Boars prick so that they slip up your arse instead.
  The animals won't worry which orifice they fuck as long as it shoots its cum.
  It will be uncomfortable for you  
However, it does mean that you will not be getting quite the stretching from
  being fucked so many time as you are entitled to. Mr Zebra will be pushing
  into a tighter than allowed for cunt, and it just might not be up to the job.
  So it is likely that he will not just split you but rip you wide open. as the
  bookies want  
Therefore, I feel you should be allowed to experience a real Buggering from
  a Man before hand. This will allow you to be able to compare the two sensations
  from at least Sir Porker's prick to when Mr Zebra combines the two together
  permanently into one large orifice ready for Mr Bull to fuck and Bugger together
  you in combination as planned. In the mean time, I will leave you in the lecherous
  hands, and other parts of Marcus.  
Dropping his loincloth down but leaving loose for further action, he moved
  back to let Marcus stand between her wide-open spread legs.  
Marcus was not so eager to get his end away; he liked to add a little drama
  to an occasion. Therefore, he gently reached out a hand and stroked the inside
  of Pamela's Thighs, staring straight into her eyes. Transfixing her with his
  stare while stimulating the fallen Lady imagination with his hand by almost
  loving caressing her breasts  
As she could not see down between her legs, only feel his hands her imagination
  took over about what was going to happen to her. The drip of sperm from the
  last shagging got faster as her cunt got wet. Marcus smiled.  
Reaching forward, he gripped her outer cunt lips and eased them apart. And

  kept on pulling till the lips where stretched wide and the inner lining glistened
  in the torchlight.  
Still he pulled until Paula gasped at the pain. Taking out two thorns from
  his tunic, he pinned the lips back so Paula's internal goodies were fully exposed.
  He then proceeded to stroke her inner lips and caress her well-exposed clitoris.  
Still he stared Paula fully in the eyes. Watching each wince and change of
  expression of her face. Oh, yes, he was going to fuck her but he fucked with
  sadistic intent.  
He want Paula to dwell in her mind, the fact that eventually no mater
    what she felt, he was going to push his member deep inside her cunt and she
    had no option, or say in the matter. 
  No matter how it upset her, disgusted her, or she objected, she was going to
  feel him deep inside of her, and for as long as he wanted.  
  She was just a hole to be fucked and filled and if necessary would have to
  carry and give birth to any conception, Not that there was time for this event
  to happen before she became Rat meat but psychologically it would effect her   
While this was happening, the first custodian stood watching her and stroking
  her forehead.  
By the way! Just a bit of family news for you to assimilate.  
Your family seem to be to have had a stroke of luck. John one of the Senators,
  who seems to have had a crush on you, mounted a humanitarian rescue and went
  round to your dwelling within the hour of your conviction and took your Son
  and Daughters to a safe house. To save them the indignity of being kept overnight
  in the slave house  
It is surprising really that the man should be so charitable considering
  the way you rejected him time and time again. Your Daughter he purchased yesterday
  at a good price. Unfortunately, he was not able to purchase your Son from the
  state but from what I hear he has been placed as apprentice with a firm that
  deals a lot with Nobility a firm run by his wife  
Unfortunately, he is not too keen on having his adolescent bottom fondled
  and his anus stretched by the more lecherous Senators punters, but he is young.
  His slim immature tender bum hole seems to be holding up well, for a twelve
  year old  
However I am reliably informed, that give him till he is 18 he will come
  to love the feel of a dick up his arse As we speak, he is getting plenty of
  attention. Mainly due to being your Son and being of noble family.  
Appears that he did not take well to being prepared for the work, the cords
  that are cutting off the blood to his young prim ball bag seems to be causing
  him some distress so after his loincloth was removed, it was felt better that
  it he be left total naked and his hands tied so as not to scratch it. However,
  that ballbag will turn black tomorrow and will have rotted off in about three
  weeks.  
It was felt nice to leave him his prick, as it was felt that that way he
  could take both male and the female roles and even act as a sandwich between
  two men. It can always be removed completely at a later date and the wound
  cut to cunt shape. The Senators wife was also very good in letting him use
  his virgin genitalia once only, before it was permanently adapted.  
Your older Daughter being very obligingly providing the pussy for him to
  empty his balls in for the first and last time and she only needing a little
  persuading, leaving her with only modest welts on her arse, which will soon
  heal.  
The Boy was, as should be expected, a little ashamed at having to shag his
  sister in semi public. But John was most patient and made the boy keep on and
  on shagging your Daughter for about a hour until he was satisfied that the
  sensation was a memorable experience for both of your siblings, actually disciplining
  your son's soft tender bottom with a strap while still humping his sister Missionary
  style, till he got it right  
Your Son got his only memory of a girl to remember and the only feel of an
  orgasm, and for that you must thank the Senator  
Moreover, your unselfish daughter was there to observe and feel the boy's
  gratitude. It did somewhat perverted your Daughters help and seemed to some
  extent distress her badly. However, needs must and he had given BOTH of your
  Daughters the use of his Bed as soon as he got them home a couple of hours
  before.  
It seemed they were so-so distressed and concerned that he felt it better
  to keep them company. It seemed when he took from the house they showed a little
  reluctance to come away so he had the older stripped and soundly spanked over
  a barrel in front of their former servants and slaves. They seemed to enjoy
  the display. Their former charges had been a little overbearing at times. Cheering
  madly almost as loud as your daughter screamed  
Unfortunately, both your Daughters long-term future is not so secure as your
  sons. It seems that John wife took exception to John bringing home, the children
  of a Lady he lusted over so unashamedly and insisted that she be given charge
  of them.  
However, she was good enough to take the trouble to convince your
    older daughter that it would be kind for your Son to have a memory of the
    sensation of cuming and carefully monitored the girl's distress then personally
    tied the cord around the boy's ball bag in front of the girl. 
  The wife felt the children were spoilt and needed discipline to put them in
  touch with the common people. So she has arranged that they be given menial
  jobs to do and has warned them that a bottom is not only for sitting on and
  will get frequent contact with a cane if they don't earn her enough money.   
It appears she has many Male friends from all walks of life who will gladly
  pay to entertain the young ladies in private and if there is enough money on
  the table, in Public. Which means we may see them later following in your  
footsteps into the arena and see their naughty nether regions anointed with
  oil and set on fire in due time as practicing whores.  
Pity that! Such gorgeous children with such grace and beauty and from such
  a fine family, but would be a great vote catcher to have them so made an exhibition
  of in the arena. Possibly we could allow selected beggars to be allowed the
  use of the bodies before we singe their cute little arses off them  
Nevertheless, that not beholding, the wife feels that with their spoilt background
  it will only be a couple of years before disease and shame at their fall from
  grace causes them to wither away. So, she is arranging for each girl to breed
  at least three offspring each, more if possible before they are worn out by
  childbirth  
You will very soon have six grandchildren who will carry on their work as
  soon as they are able. In ten years, you could have Great grand children and
  lots of them.  
The 14-year-old having more chance of having healthily births should
    survive longer. To make sure, she is to be given lots and lots of oral and
    anal work to do to keeps her mind clear from emotion. 
  Her Immature frame will be so fashionable with your old acquaintances who will
  love to guide her knowing she is your daughter and find it irresistible to
  watch, if it is ever necessary the disciplining of her young immature tender
  bottom. Unfortunately the feeling is that many a smacked bottom, while bent
  totally naked over a knee, will be necessary to remove your bad influence.
  .   
The 16-year-old should be able to entertain at least 20 guys a day
    especially as John broke in both her orifices, I expect she will not be too
    fond of the cane that will be sure to be caressing her arse from time to
    time for the amusement of the your old associates.  
  However, in that, she will be able to mimic your reaction this afternoon when
  yours backside feels the pain of being thrashed. Unfortunately being from such
  a delicate background, she will age very quickly but she will have her Brats
  to carry on.   
Marcus by this time had inserted his fingers up Pamela's cunt stretching
  her so wide so he could peer up into the organ till where it was blocked by
  her cervix.  
 Therefore, the custodian could not tell if the anguish on Pamela's face
  was from his narrative or from the shame and pain of the internal examination.He
  did not care which, as this fine lady had a lot of interesting things going
  to happen to her before she was unable to move any more  
The sentencing tribunal had left it to the organisers to arrange her actual
  execution they just wanted it shabby, degrading, long and very painful. The
  Organisers wanted a tasteful, elegant crowd puller event, but with strong sexual
  erotic overtones for the masses.  
What better than a universally adored Senator Murderess, shagged to oblivion
  by several beast while following the loved plot of a Roman Fable  
The organisers were now thinking of not exhibiting Paula naked till
    she was actually displayed on the Silver trolley. The thinking was to elegantly
    display her in one of her favourite Classic dresses. One that the public
    had admired her in at the games and some had lusted at. 
  However to make it elegant but degrading the gown was to be adapted by having
  four neat edged holes cut in the dress. Two holes, allowing one naked breast
  to thrust out of each, framing them on her chest. One, so her decorated nude
  cunt could be pawed over, scrutinised and examined and its time of violent
  mutilation bet on.   
The last aperture for her arse, so when she was bent right over every hour,
  positioned for her rape. to compare the size of the replica animals prick size
  compeared to her cunt, her backside and the sex organs between her legs would
  be lewdly displayed. She would be most classy exhibited and show animal attraction
  at the same time. The senierio for her final demise had not yet been decided  
One of the suggestions was to 'Boil' her slowly in a pot or to fry her in
  oil over a fire. Impaling was not considered, as her cunt would be getting
  that in plenty.  
The debate seemed to be to hang her slowly while setting fire to tar
    smeared on her genitals so increasing her dance of death while she slowly
    choked. However, the organisers wanted a more horrific death to match her
    punishment. 
  Dying was an end, not a punishment. Punishment happened before death and involved
  the cringing and suffering of the mind.   
The last suggestion was in favour of having her eaten alive by hundreds
    of starving rats. All this taking place in a transparent cage with attractive
    baits and wire cages placed at sensitive points so theses parts were attacked
    first before something vital. 
  The first to be devoured would be her randy cunt which would baited, and be
  attacked by as many Rats contained in a cage that could crowd between her outspread
  legs and rest on her belly  
  Next, her eyes would go so she could only imagine the rest from the sensations
  and the agony. Then the remains of her tits, her face would be next, her lips
  and cheeks nibbled till bone showed.   
The large cage was then to be filled completely, covering her in a mass of
  rats as she screamed and writhed buried beneath their mass.  
Marcus now prepared to breach the cunt so forcibly displayed in front of
  him. Not for him the sudden attack.  
He like the victim to feel that the plugging of her cunt was going to take
  forever. Slowly forcing his Dick into the orifice and prolonging the sensation
  of being helpless to stop it.  
Of it slithering in rather than Raping. Giving pleasure where none is wanted,
  against the wishes of the owner of the twat. He stood back and completely removed
  his loincloth and saw Paula's eyes flick up and down his fat paunch to rest
  on a bloated penuis and watch her face turn into disgust and horror at the
  revolting state of the body of her next assailant.  
Paula had been shocked her first rape but it had been so quick and unexpected,
  that she was able to switch her mind off and allow her disembodied body to
  be used.  
This time she was going to have to experience every last horror in
    a coupling that was deliberate being extended to provide the maximum distress
    and misery. 
  He used his hands to gently open Paula's inner sex lips; the outer still pinned
  back. He them thrust his hips forward so he could watch Paula's face as he
  slipped her "a length" She cowed back and tried to clench her legs, it was
  pathetic to see the despair register in her face as she realised the inevitable   
Her first rape had been horrible but she had come through stoically. This
  time she was going to feel, disgust, horror, and defilement as well as being
  aroused involuntary.  
This guy was going to make her Cum, if possible several times before he was
  satisfied he had got his maximum use and pleasure out of this Lady, who was
  being forced to participate in her second rape in 10 minutes. After he had
  eventually shot his lot into her cunt, he would raise her legs back over her
  head so the first custodian could gain access to her virginal back passage.  
Paula's attention was now fully back on her current predicament. Her mind
  had been badly disturbed by the first custodian gloating, concerning her family.
  The news that John the filthy lecherous old bastard had got his hands on her
  children had filled her with dread, although she had tried not to show it.  
She had been fighting him off since a Teenager as he had very little influence
  in the power structure. Nevertheless, he had seemed a good friend bringing
  presents for her and her children, playing games and had been useful giving
  out treats and money. Now her adorable Offspring were in his clutches. However,
  it was his Wife Lydia that really worried her.  
She was a bitter demented sadistic sole and to imagine her forcing
    Joanna, her eldest to first cuddles up to her Son. Make her remove his clothing,
    and then be forced to have sex with her brother. 
  the thought filled her with loathing. However knowing Lydia, it had not stopped
  at that, knowing the Bitch, it would have been her who had lashed her Sons
  backside, while his Dick was still up his Sisters cunt. Just to force home
  the fact that the State now had complete control over them.   
She could see her in her minds eye. Her caressing her Sons thighs as she
  clamped his ball bag tightly in the deadly grip of the silk cord. Gloating
  as the boy became aroused but knowing, he would never again get relief. But
  would stay Baby faced and immature as his body grew. Just as her clients loved
  their boys  
It had badly distressed her to hear that both girls would be serving in a
  Private Brothel. Unfortunately, she knew her recent friends would be flocking
  up for the chance to denigrate her beloved offspring just for the thrill of
  who they were or had been  
Also knowing the type of revengeful woman Lydia was, she just knew that her
  adorable family would soon be attending a arranged charitable gathering, where
  her children would be severely disciplined for imagined misdemeanours She herself
  had attended several out of curiosity and found them fun, watching a slave
  get a good thrashing and enjoying the pleading and tears.  
Knowing the format, she could see both Marcus, and Marcia tender immature
  backsides getting a good thrashing as they lay across the naked laps of anybody
  who fancied their sex. Next, both would be expected to suck the cocks of their
  chastisers. The spanking then being repeated as a caning if they exceeded a
  fixed time limit set by the client. The longer it took to suck the cum from
  the men's Balls the more their bottoms suffered from extra cane strokes after.  
Lydia was also known to like receiving Oral sex so it was quite possible
  she would demand satisfaction from one if not all the offspring.  
The older girl would be made to watch the other Children being spanked
    would then brought in for caning. Striped naked in front of the whole assembled
    audience.  
  Having to present herself, then touching her toes submissively and presenting
  her slim teenage bottom for any amount of goosing while the clientele decided
  its punishment after her sins had been discussed and her bottom and genitals
  admired and fondled, before suffering a agonising caning 
  All of them then, being passed around in an orgy of sex and flagellation. She
  was also very anxious that once the novelty had worn off and they had given
  birth to the several offspring that Lydia would sell them to the Coliseum for
  use in a Pageant, for the crowd's entertainment. Paula felt sick   
The second custodian had forced his prick slowly down her cunt and the tip
  had touched her entrance of her cervix and now had withdrawn just as slowly.
  As he did, his hands massaged her tits, which despite her anguish brought out
  a feeling of yearning. He smiled and increased his speed. Dragging his Dick
  up and down her cunt. Being a naturally highly sexed woman, much to her shame
  and disgust she quickly came.  
Looking down at her anguished face, he commented. Enjoy that one did
    you; with a bit of luck I will give you several more orgasms before I fill
    that cunt of yours with my spunk. 
  When you are being devoured finally by those rats I will be on my way to your
  Daughters Mock Wedding, at which it is hoped that they will also conceive your
  first grand children   
Being at present at your degrading demise and because it will me that
    directs the bestial lovers penuis into your waiting cunt I am to be the guest
    of Honour at your Daughters introduction to their new working life and will
    soon have the delight of also massaging my prick up both of your daughters
    cunts as well as having shagged their mothers. 
  It is quite possible that at least one of your daughters forthcoming pregnancies,
  if not both, will be down to me, as even though the Senator had deflowered
  them last night, he is old and unlikely to Father more brats and your sons
  coupling with his sister would have been too immature.   
I have been asked to formally and officially deflower them, which will be
  done first at a special prepared ceremony.  
The girls will be dressed in white flowered wedding dresses and wearing flowered
  head pieces, long white stockings and Silver shoes but with their cute little
  teenage bottoms bare under their flared skirts. Both will be displayed on a
  raised platform decorated in gold leaf and adorned with flowers so as to be
  fully on view to the waiting punters.  
The two young teenage girls will be then compelled to step forward and made
  to bend from the waist and forced head first through separate large golden
  hoops representing a gold wedding ring, which is suspended by ropes off the
  floor, so that they lay on their stomachs on the hoop ring, Their heads and
  upper body dangling out one side, their hips and long slim legs dangling the
  other.  
A belt will then be fastened securing them by the waist to the ring but allowing
  full free moment of any part of the body including the head, arms, legs and
  hips so they can vainly attempt to clutch at the part of the their bodies that
  is being abused. A Silver bar will be attached to their ankles forcing their
  legs apart  
The ring will then be slightly raised from the podium till their feet lose
  contact with the floor and they dangle limply, though not relaxed, through
  the ring, being lifted by the waist. This will also bring their cunts to a
  good height for a good old ritual fucking without any undignified fumbling  
Their rear of their skirts will then be raised and as they will not be wearing
  any underclothes, their backsides and cunts blatantly put on show between their
  outspread legs.  
I will then be asked formally and with great dignity to walk forward to deflower
  the two girls. I will knowledge the honour, being bestowed on me and then I
  will produce my prick and oil it in readiness. First the Older girl then the
  younger . both of which I will do doggy style.  
However, I intend to make sure the girls realise the full enormity of what
  is happening to them. I fully intend to take my time and give the waiting punters
  a good show. It will be a pleasure to watch the girl's faces as they experience
  the feeling of being ritually fucked in public  
The official explanation for this Pageant is to formerly marry the girls
  as only married girls are allowed to have sex and to prepare them for a life
  being used for sex in a brothel until they earned enough to buy themselves
  out which many do after about 3 years.  
However, everybody knew that a very probable side effect of having me and
  many others discharging cum into the waiting teenage cunts, would be that that
  soon they would conceive a Brat.  
Normally a vinegar soaked sponge would be inserted it forcibly up the unfortunate's
  girl's cunt before hand to stop conception.  
But Lydia had stopped this by bribing the official and this fact was known
  to the waiting punters who had come to see the Daughters of a murdering traitorous
  Bitch get the full punishment that the former lady had brought down on her
  family by her despicable acts.  
And knowing that without the contraceptive sponge in place the girls were
  being condemned as Proven Whores, to a continual degrading life of being shagged
  by anybody who had the money and even the possible death as an illegally practising
  Prostitute ,in the Arena. A fate that I know Lydia is planning for them  
Not for them a slow approach, but a quick thrust up a dry cunt which
    will hurt like hell and remove any enjoyment they might have possibly experienced
    at their deflowerment. 
  then I will slow down and fuck their sore dry cunt so that it hurts them badly
  and they waggle their hips, head and legs hysterically about in useless protest
  and pain at the abuse. After I have enjoyed fucking your daughter's pussy and
  endeavoured your daughter's conception I intend to have them caned.   
A full twelve of the best will be sufficient at this stage and will possibly
  help conception . I will watch with amusement as they waggle their bottoms
  about in anguish and make my surplus cum fly from their officially sanctioned
  newly fucked and fertilised cunts.  
Then after I have finished the girls will be left on show with cum dribbling
  down their legs. Ready to be used again and again on the podium, in full view
  of everybody, by the highest bidders from the waiting watching punters. It
  is expected that all twenty guests will be allowed to fuck each girl in turn
  bringing a good income for their support  
Later I have been asked again to be the protagonist and formally introduce
  all your offspring, this time to the act of Buggery . I am going to enjoy parting
  all of your offspring's soft tight bottoms in a great act of kindred Sodomy.  
They will be presented together in a line. Naked, bending, touching
    their toes Their red, extremely sore smacked bottoms in the air, waiting
    in turn for a application of Dick up their arse.  
  Your youngest daughter Marcia's will be first , I will enjoy Buggering your
  14-year-old spoilt Brat of a daughter.   
I will first stroke her adolescent bum cheeks making them quiver as
    she realises the area I am interested in, then slide my fingers between her
    bottom crease, pulling her young arse cheeks wide open so I can spread grease
    around her anus, getting her ready, not for pleasure but having her shit
    pushed agonisingly up her arse.  
  He leered down at her as he continued his description of the coming spectacle
  of the Buggering of her Daughter, Paula whimpered   
I will then slide my hands up her nude slim body and squeeze her immature
  breast. To use as handles to lever my Dick up her shit tube. Then encompassing
  my thighs around your spoilt brats warm bottom I will position my prick so
  I can slowly shove it deep up her arse. I will pull on her tits and penetrate
  her slowly.  
I am expecting some form of verbal protest, like a shriek or scream. As I
  will make be making absolutely sure she feels her anus being stretched to the
  limit and beyond, while she screams in horror and despair, as she know this
  is now to be part of her future life. I fully expect those watching to see
  her eyeballs bulge and pop from her head as her arse is slowly filled and fucked  
By tonight your youngest daughter will have had quite a bad couple of days.
  First, you are convicted and sentenced to death. Then a former friend breaks
  into her room and has her dragged out naked to watch her sister be spanked
  soundly on her bottom in front of her former maids and manservant's.  
She then experiences her first sexual act in the form of her Rape
    and her sisters by her friend the Senator. Then after a tearful night, she
    is then subject to a ritualistic and ceremonial rape and will get the cane
    painfully cracked across her young teenage bottom.  
  Then along comes me again to force my dick, this time slowly and very painfully
  between the cheeks of her very sore-caned bottom, up her arse. She is again
  made to display her naked body to former men friends and strangers who first
  spank her again then stick their male cocks down her innocent throat and punishes
  her if she gags.   
I'm going to force your Boy to commit incest with your youngest daughter
    and then sodomise him while she is actually shagging his sister. Not that
    his thing will do anything but stay stiff but stimulating him up the arse
    will simulate cuming but without any relief. A entirely futile act.  
  Nevertheless, one your recent Colleagues will love to see your precious pampered
  spoilt younger Daughter, first having her arse split while your older daughter
  watches, then watch her suffer again as she commits incest   
Paula shuddered; her exquisite face showing the torment her spirit was experiencing
  at the thought of her younger Daughters bum being shafted by this monster.
  But she knew in her heart that it was going to happen just as the Custodian
  had said and there was nothing she could do about it as by then she would be
  just a dead executed bloody Carcass to be disposed of to the Rats  
Then I will move onto Joanna who by now will be beside herself. Begging
    me not to defile her in such a disgusting manner. Your former colleagues
    I have no doubt will be watching and waiting with bated breath and encouraging
    me to "Bugger the insolent Bitch"  
  Which I will do with great pleasure. Making the former Young lady squirm and
  twist at the indignity of having her bum shafted in front of a crowd of leering
  punters. I am fully expecting to be given permission to cane this young ladies
  arse yet again once I have ejaculated. Just as the No 1 custodian will be doing
  to you in a short while   
Next, it will be your son's turn. However, for him a double suffering
    He has fucked Joanna, now he can have Marcia's cunt.  
  Not that it will do any good as his blacked ball bag will no longer do its
  function. However, I suspect the forbidden sight of Marcia's young cunt will
  involuntary make him randy.   
If not I shall enjoy putting my arm around his waist and tossing him
    off till he is nice and stiff, getting him ready to stretch the younger Sisters
    taboo cunt. 
  When he is stiff and ready, I shall bend him forward and gently grease his
  arse, untie him and force him over to where his younger sister will be unexspectingly
  waiting for her first incestuous shagging.   
Unfortunately, she may be a little distressed when she realises my intentions
  as I force him forward and into it her cunt. When he is nicely in, it will
  be his turn to be penetrated, which should make him painfully, uselessly, orgasm
  inside her as his own bottom is split open and I rock him back and forwards
  up her cunt in a tragic parody of a shagging and in time with my own in, out
  motion until I am ready to shoot my lot deep into Marcus arse.  
Later the girls will attend their first Private Party. It been decided that
  the 14 year old will be presented as young serving wench portraying her innocence
  and purity. The older girl will be fully cosmetically make up and presented
  as a man mad teenage tearaway. A role that I am sure will soon lead to the
  girl being heavily punished and very sexually abused.  
The boy will of course be presented in a the usual traditional role of a
  Cherub, complete with a bare arse and his little Willie poking out of a flowered
  loincloth. They will fully partake in and play adult games.  
Like the game of "Cum to Order" in which they have to bring their client
  off within a time limit set by the client, usually 1 minutes. If they take
  any longer they receive one stroke of the cane for each extra minute it takes
  while secured, touching toes, Some of the more experienced players can hold
  on for a extra 20 minute while looking at the girl struggling to suck the cum
  from their ball bag back into their mouths.  
The women's are worse. They will force the girls to lay between their
    legs on their backs and while they are stimulated will use a dildo on the
    girl, knowing that this will distract them and their will have great pleasure
    in giving the girls arse a sound caning. just after a orgasm 
  Sadistically knowing that the longer they can hold on the more strokes girl
  will get and more pain the girl will suffer in her arse.   
I know that the Lydia has planned several special treats for your older daughter.
  She will make a special announcement before hand and force the girl to participate
  before an audience knowing exactly what she has to endure.  
I know that one of the games which will be played after your two daughters
  and son have been fully shagged, buggered and debased for a couple of hours,
  will be to make your older very delightful precocious daughter stand naked
  on a table, legs wide apart and bet on how many of the slugs placed on her
  trembling inner thigh will make their way up to the dark safe moist caverns
  of her cunt, there to crawl inside and give the unfortunate girl a very unexpected
  and disgusting thrill.  
From attending similar parties I have seen Twenty fat black slugs invade
  a girls inner sanctum while the girl tried to ignore the horrors on her leg,
  before the unnerving experience of them of them actually crawling around inside
  her cunt sends the girl into a uncontrolled shrieking fit.  
 Lydia has also long fantasised about filling those pretty mouths
    that she had to watch her husband ply with sweets and goodies while her Bitch
    of a mother cooed and flirted with him, with something extremely distasteful. 
  again in front of a appreciative audience, and has expressed a desire to so
  at the same time as her favourite uncle forces her to endure a piss enema.   
It will start with Lydia naked in an a chair with the teenager being made
  to kneel on a low table in front of her new Mistress, her head will be forced
  between Lydia open legs and forced to tickle Lydia's clitoris with her tongue
  and suck the juices that issue it from it due to the stimulation.  
Her husband's will then stand behind the girls bottom, part the girls slim
  buttocks and bugger the girl from behind while the girl is preoccupied in trying
  to direct her tongue deep into her Mistress's inner cunt. The shock of having
  her arse penetrated without warning should be a nice surprise for her  
When Lydia had achieved her climax and husband had shot his lot they will
  then pause while the senators Dick shrinks in size and he will again be able
  use it for the elimination of his wastewater.  
It is likely that they will prolong the pause sadistically knowing the breather
  would make the youngster discomfited as she waits for the sperm which will
  be trickling up her back passage to be reinforced with a flood of urine as
  they let their bladder contents flood out, and with Lydia and her husband drinking
  great quantities of wine the precocious teenager was going to have to absorb
  a vast quantity of disgusting piss.  
Not that Lydia was worried about infecting the girl, as she was only expecting
  to have to tolerate her presence for a couple of years then she could to crown
  her delight by sending the girl to her mutilation and death in the arena.  
I can see the watching punters watching with anticipation the total
    degrading of this pretty, once proud ,Heiress. They knew the girl should
    be able to control the intake through her mouth but she would be forced to
    accept whatever rate of filling the senator could produce into her back passage  
  After an agonising wait, the senator will wink at his wife and both grin in
  anticipation down at their victim as they proceed to fill the former young
  lady with their piss.   
I'm sure your Brat of the daughter will definitely be shocked at the rate
  her mouth will fill with piss and have to swallow quickly to accommodate that
  rate of flow. However, that will be nothing compared to what the senator will
  produce when he squeezes his bladder with his muscles, forcing five litres
  of urine up the girls back passage.  
Once the bladders are empty the producing organs will be removed and both
  participants would stand back and watch the horror and misery on girls face
  a she tries to come to terms with the two floods of urine now mixing in her
  lower belly.  
After seeing several girls being piss filled for the delight of the punters,
  good as it is. I feel that as it is it your daughter who will be experiencing
  this delight a better variation would-be much more stimulating and one I've
  suggested to Lydia.  
It would be so much more to titillating to the watching the punters if I
  collected the excess sperm that will certainly be leaking from your arse after
  the jackass has ejaculated a vast amount of sperm into your back passage and
  take it in a pig's bladder to the party and there squeeze it up her waiting
  arse hole before the Senator buggers her.  
We could really re enact, the anguish you will feel an earlier that day using
  your daughter in a real life re enactment and compare her reaction to her mother's
  reaction when she feels vast quantities of ejaculated Jackass sperm flood her
  bottom especially as she will not be expecting to feel anything enter her arse.  
If the senator then penetrates and ejaculates himself, he would do
    so into a fully flooded back passage, so even his, by comparison small amount
    of sperm, will cause a big reaction from your daughter, I think the senator
    should then withdraw leaving your daughter the experience of shame been so
    exhibited as the Jackass and his sperm leaks are out of her arse. 
  Any that leaks will of course will be collected again in the pig's bladder
  and re-introduced into your daughter's mouth ready to be washed down by Lydia's
  piss   
The senator would then the re- penetrate the girls anus and the urinating
  up her backside and the filling of her mouth and stomach with Lydia's delicious
  urine should then continue to its logical conclusion . The girl should then
  be put on display, her arse plugged and mouth gagged until her gorgeous body
  has thoroughly absorbed the mixture.  
Such is the nature of Jackass sperm that her whole body will reek
    of Jackass musk. a fitting end to a memorable party in which your whole family
    will be subject to every abuse imagines and as a finale a simulated re-enactment
    of your horrific public Buggering by a Jackass using your first offspring 
  Any remaining Jackass spunk will be used to introduce your youngest daughter
  to the feel of animal spunk but she will just get her cunt filled.   
Again, Paula's attention was drawn back to the present as the Custodian untied
  her legs and forced them back over her head leaving the whole area between
  her legs open for anybody's gaze.  
Once the other guy has fucked your arse he's going to give you a taste of
  what a smacked bum feels like. Only with a strap and not too hard as they don't
  want your lily-white backside marked for when your are on display. Slightly
  red will do  
However, it you don't know what it is like to have your arse whacked, as
  it will after each Bestial fuck. You can't be expected to beg unless you have
  some idea how much it hurts.  
Then I am going to take a little time to paint and emphasise your sex organs,
  so they can be seen for what they are now, a target for some animals prick
  to hit and penetrate deeply.  
Then is off to the arena entrance where your lovers will be waiting expectantly
  and which you will soon be sampling one only, in about 5 hours time. Before
  moving on to the next.  
I'm then off to abuse your adorable children in front of your leering recent
  associates. While you entertain the crowd agonisingly writhing under the rodents.  
With that, he called out to the first custodian who came over and stroked
  Paula's arse leering as his eyes took in the spunk leaking out of her ravaged
  cunt.  
Without saying a thing, he lifted his tunic and took out his prick and pressed
  it against her anus and forced it dry into the orifice. Paula screamed for
  the twentieth time that day, as her arse tube was at first pushed in then opened.
  Enjoy it Bitch. Next time it's going to be a Pig or a Jackass, both a lot longer
  and rounder than me.  
With that, he massaged his prick up and down her shit tube till he spurted
  cream up her arse. Stepping back, he inspected Paula's nether regions now weeping
  spunk from her cunt and arse  
He stepped back and picked up a wide leather strap. Don't want to mark you
  before you are displayed so it was felt better that your arse is tanned with
  this. It will sting like hell and leave you with a very red bottom but that
  will match your cunt when its been painted and emphasised.  
Just so your virgin arse is ready for its caning in the arena, I think I
  will give you one for each year of your age, making a nice round 32 stroke
  to come.  
With that, he lashed the broad strap down across the centre of both cheeks.  
He intended each to be higher by about a inch till he was reddened the backs
  of her thighs. Which he knew would hurt like hell, then work back downward
  till he was larruping her lower back, Then to reverse upwards again. With a
  slim bottom of about 12 inches, he was going to traverse her backside about
  3 times before he had finished tanning her arse. When displayed her bottom
  would be bright red and very sore, but not marked or bruised.  
Paula started her twenty first scream and went on screaming, twisting and
  pulling at her binding cords until he had landed the last  
The second custodian then walked forward carrying box of paints under his
  arm. Kneeling down besides her up-turned arse he manipulated the ropes holding
  her, so her legs where stretched wide open and he could look between them at
  her pain filed terrified face. Enjoy that did you. Now to put your cunt fully
  on view to those who will want to examine it intimately. Which I suspect will
  be several thousand  
He called over the servant girl who had been watch with delight at this perverted
  handling of her former Mistress. And ordered that Paula's Pubic hair be shaved
  off.  
 The slave girl then took sadistic pleasure in rubbing her hands lewdly around
  the woman's private area spreading oil and then scraping a rough edged oyster
  shell around her crutch till it was red raw and hairless. She took great enjoyment
  at her former Lady's suffering and humiliation of having her cunt so blatantly
  empathised.  
Watching with interest at the former Maids enjoyment in being allowed
    to sexually humiliate and demean her former mistress and at Paula's anguished
    face, he let the slave work unnecessary longer than it took to bald the cunt
    area. Then he produced a cloth and violently scrubbed the woman's cunt, to
    dry it in readiness for the red rogue he next poured into Paula's open cunt
    and around her cunt lips. Paula yelped in abhorrence and humiliation as she
    felt the dye trickle down her love tube. 
  Let that dry and every time its opened for the punter to peer down it will
  be a lovely shade of red he commented. Unfortunately, it will itch a bit, but
  that will keep you moist and wet for your first animal penetration.   
Waiting a minute for that emulsion to dry, he then proceeded to draw
    a yellow circle around her cunt lips, keeping it so it followed the contours
    of her body so it made a long stretched oblong. On the outside of this, he
    drew a heart in black, to emphasise it against her prized white thighs. 
  There that's done. Now we can see exactly the Target area that going to be
  seriously molested, to give a lot of pleasure to a lot of beasts of the field.   
"Now for just for the secondary abuse", he reached out as he said
    this and put a red circle around each nipple, "Not that will stay painted
    for long once those animal lips start kissing them, not to mention any teeth".
    With that, he stood up and beckoned to a female slave who had been summoned 
  Remove the tear marks from her face and make her look pretty. You have a hour
  while those paints permanently dye her skin then she is off to be dressed for
  her heavenly marriage to the Gods.   
Paula's legs were lowered, her legs still wide apart so as not to
    disturb the artist work and had to endure her gorgeous face and body being
    cosmetically smoothed and Beautified, ready for the lecherous public to lust
    after and leer and jeer at as they watched being it being degraded and destroyed. 
  Ready at last she was untied and pulled to her feet. She was now pushed naked;
  sobbing bitterly to the next room to await her dresser and her cleverly adapted
  top-quality costume.   
She was held up to the display post hands above her head as she was
    to be displayed before the crowd. 
  The dress was carefully pulled down over her head and she was made to pose
  as if on display so that the hang of the dress was correct. One tit was pulled
  into place then the other. The red dyed nipples showing well against her pale
  skin. 
  The dress was allowed to flow down so it fell showing her heavily outlined
  targeted cunt throughout the third hole. A hand was inserted and the poor woman
  felt it group around her cunt, insert a finger and fuck her slowly. This was
  to check there was enough access without distorting the fall of the gown and
  the sense of respectability and class   
She was then obliged to bend right over a bar so her head nearly touched
    the ground and her arse was high in the air, her legs together and straight.
    Standing on the ground, in the final position she would take in the arena
    so that her arse cheeks were correctly framed. The now red spanked skin contrasting
    well with the white material of the dress.  
  Yanking open her legs as far as the classic dress would allow the Slave girl
  caressed her bottom cheeks and tickled her wet cunt with a finger. Reminding
  the condemned Murderess that her ordeal had not yet begun.  
  her painted cunt was well exposed for its future penetration and shagging,
  she was again checked for the flow of the dress and the impression of elegance
  and respectability.   
Paula was then tied back to the post and the whole display moved slowly on
  a rough wooden cart to the Arena forecourt. The finery of her dress contrasting
  sharply with the mode of transport emphasising that this was a Adulterous murdering
  criminal on her way to a degrading execution.Her passing down the street causing
  many a person to stop and stare.  
The women commenting on the coming of the "Rich Slag" gleefully asking her
  if she needed anything big and strong, meaning that she was going to get every
  thing she hated soon. The men getting randy just thinking about what she was
  in for in the next 5 hours.  
When finally on display outside of the gate to the Arena in a central
    area so the crowd could walk all around her and take in the sight of the
    loved celebrity showing her sexual organs and bottom dressed in a designer
    dress.The women shouted out "Expose the Pretty Bitch's slit" and had her
    legs pulled apart so that they all could clearly see her cunt through the
    hole in the dress and from experience try and work out just when it would
    rupture. 
  Many said that given the Bitches appetite before, a horse should be no trouble
  and bet that only the bull would split her open. 
  The men not so sure and wondered if she would be able to take the dog as she
  looked so frail and venerable, and if she would experience an orgasm at any
  time.  
  The women were also curious to see whether she would orgasm before penetration.
  Would her imagination to do its work or it would take the actual penetration
  of several animals' pricks to achieve and how much her mind would be affected
  by the fact that it was a gross animal that was stimulating her cunt.   
The organisers were just hoping that when she was finally did orgasm that
  it was plainly visible to the crowd who would love to see this vile bitch made
  to orgasm so lewdly in public from such a sordid copulation.  
The betting started with many reckoning that such a notorious adulterer
    cunt should be ripped asunder by Mr Fat Pig. Others reckoning that being
    from nobility she would be rent open only by the Zebra  
  Many calculated that the caning she was to receive before subsequent penetration
  would help her to accommodate the up-rating in size.   
The women seeing Paula being displayed, looking Glamorise and desirable were
  secretly jealous of the woman's notoriety and previous high standing and public
  adoration wanted to see her punished commented that a good thrashing was what
  she needed now for flouting sexual decency laws and taking their men's minds
  away from them,.  
If her husband had thrashed her in private she would not now be soon getting
  a public caning after each beastly fuck. She was obversely enjoying herself
  up on the display platform, attracting all the attention and a good thrashing
  would be a just reward, and add the distress needed so that her cunt could
  be correctly measured for any increase in size as would happen during the disgusting
  multiple animal "Gang Bang" she richly deserved and was soon to be suffering  
They had come to see a rich adored public Starlet made to scream her way
  to oblivion and they wanted their money's worth. The fact that she was probably
  innocent of any crime just made her down fall from grace even better. Why should
  she live the grand style ,while they had to do with poverty . if good extra
  caning was now applied to her exquisite posterior and started the Adulteress
  Hussy's suffering early then let the lady get a good arse whipping as an extra
  entertainment.  
In fact, a caning was planed but not until the lady had been penetrated several
  times by the various brass replicas but the crowd did not know this  
Once the betting had got under way, Paula was positioned, as she would be
  in the arena.  
Head low, touching her toes, bottom high in the air so she could be
    mounted doggy style So her painted sex organ was blatantly displayed, pulled
    roughly open and a replica brass prick of the dog positioned beside her was
    forced into her cunt. Paula screamed, giving the crowed a thrill. 
  If a replica prick cause this type of reaction what was she going to act like
  for real when it was soft revoltingly warm animal flesh that penetrated her   
Little did the crowed know that Paula reacted because the replica had been
  left in the hot sun and it had scalded her cunt as it went in.  
Senator John and his wife Lydia stood in the watching crowd gloated at Paula's
  extreme discomfort as she twisted and yelled as the hot brass replica seared
  her cunt. This was the reaction they had come to watch.  
The scheming bitch was now getting her comeuppance. The aristocratic whore
  was now being publicly humiliated in front of her former fans.  
The senator also knew that his wife had suggested, that like all convicted
  Whores she should have a public whipping and while still on display chained
  up right. And one he had quickly put to the organisers, he had no objection
  if the Bitch he had lusting after for so long was made to suffer extra In fact
  the more she was made to display her delights for the gratification of lust
  by her watching audience and her further suffering so much the better.  
The sight of her writhing her hips about in her classically beautiful white
  dress, her cunt fully displayed to all through the hole cut in the front, and
  her long sought after breasts bouncing on her chest as her bottom which protruded
  from her elegant dress behind was viciously chastised with a dried bulls pissel
  similar to the one which would finally amalgamate her to orifice, would make
  a good finale before she was dragged off, to be made to perform finally again
  for real in the arena.  
The fact that she would have red weal's across her arse would not
    detract from the beauty of the enactment, just add to the enjoyment of the
    crowd who were unable to gain a place to watch the lady being fucked. 
  Moreover, for those who were able to gain a place add to the knowledge that
  the woman would be very conscious of pain in her whole licences lower body   
The whole scheme had been brought successfully to the completion.
    The Bitch was paying the price for her deception and lust, he had to gained
    possession of a desirable residence and his wife Lydia had gained satisfaction
    and the means to vent her spite on the whole aristocratic family which he
    knew she would delight in he had been surprised at her acceptance of his
    attempted unfaithfulness and who had been surprised how quickly she had been
    accepted that he had just been a used fool. 
  He had quickly taken up her suggestion that the Bitch needed punishment and
  readily went along with the suggestion that her husband be politically murdered
  and because of the Sluts reputation they knew that suspicion would quickly
  fall on her but it had exceeded all expectations when first she was found guilty
  of her   
First husband's murder, then be delicious statement from the tribunal
    that not only was she to die in the arena, but she was first to be sexually
    tortured into a most humiliating way. 
  what worse for a public idol to be made to copulate in public in for all view
  of 1000 people with a jackass, when that was increased to a more disgusting
  multiple bestial rape his wife's had been beside herself with glee. It had
  been at her suggestion that he hurried down to the family home and take the
  brats of slut into custody as any delay might mean that they might escape their
  due punishment.   
He went on quite a hard between the legs at remembering how he had the Whores
  children dragged from their beds and when they were indignant at their treatment
  had taken great delight to be in having the older girl draped shrieking over
  his lap. Then quite legitimately, as now a legalised official, he was allowed
  to raise her nightclothes, exposing a cute lily -white bottom. It was also
  perfectly legal for him to stroke and caress her between the legs, even correct
  for him to push a finger into the girls cunt, officially just to check her
  status as a virgin as a assessor as she was worth more at the slave market
  intact.  
Not that this young aristocratic Bitch was going to market, he had already
  unofficially arranged to the purchase of both of the females children by his
  wife for her private club/brothel, the boy going to his wife as a Rent-Boy  
He then asked one of the former servants to pass a strap and proceeded to
  make the older girl entertain them with her shrieks and pleading as he turned
  that bottom a very fiery red. A act which seemed to please her former servants
  as since she had turned 12 the young lady become quite a Madam. The younger
  girl he had left alone as he had special plans for her and didn't wish to spoil
  his delight when he got her home and installed her in his dungeon and shagged
  the arse off of it  
He had enjoyed watching the 14 year olds bemused expression as her favourite
  uncle had taken them down to their new lodgings in the dungeon and had removed
  their clothing leaving them totally naked and vulnerable. He then stripped
  himself enjoying the shocked expression as he exposed his now long erect dick
  to the girl. She was old enough to fully understand what he was going to do
  with it  
He had sat the girl down then forced her hands down between her legs and
  has secured them to a metal bar which held her young immature legs wide apart.
  Leaving her to sit and wait he had dragged the older girl naked over to a suspension
  rope and had arranged for her pretty little arse to be whipped by a former
  servant as a background.  
He had then lifted the younger girl using a sling around her waist, lifting
  her up a till she was suspended nicely over his Dick.  
To the accompanying screams from the older girl as her arse was whipped,
  he added the whimpering shrieks of the former young aristocratic lady, as he
  lowered the younger girl gently down on to his waiting throbbing dick so he
  penetrated her fully and deflowered her. He had watched her grow into a delightful
  young filly and had to be very careful where he put his hands. Now he was treating
  her as he had long wished to treat her Bitch of a mother.  
He greatly enjoyed introducing the girl to her future degrading life and
  wakening her dormant sexuality knowing that from now on her life would revolve
  around the total constant usage of her cunt and that's he knowingly had arranged
  her scheming mothers downfall and that tomorrow he would have the satisfaction
  of watching that mother get her just deserts just where her daughter' was getting
  it now.  
Shooting his lot up the girls cunt he wondered whether he would start the
  girl's baby making machines or whether that would be left to the number one
  a Guardian at her official deflowering and conception tomorrow. Knowing Lydia
  would not be happy if the Brat got pregnant he removed his Dick and left her
  to hang by the waist with spunk dripping out of her a open cunt. now for some
  more fun with the boy  
Catching hold of the younger boy, he forced his head down between his legs
  securing him the same way as the younger girl.  
Raising him up by the Sling, he ran his finger around the boy's anus, and
  parted it slowly to give him some inclination of what it was like to have a
  invasion of his arse. He then proceeded to slowly bugger the boy in front of
  his sisters. The younger girl still swinging from her sling was horrified,
  the older girl too pre-occupied with the whip cutting into her bottom.  
Leaving both the younger pair to swing crying from their slings unable to
  even hold their abused body parts, he proceeded to drag the older girl naked
  her over to a bench and forced her head first over so her bottom and cunt were
  plainly visible. He then proceeded to rape the girl with a great vigour, imagining
  he was shagging her mother as he had tried to do for many a long year.  
At this point, his wife Lydia had entered the dungeon being informed by her
  servants that her husband had returned. Not trusting her husband knowing his
  liking for extra-marital sexual exploits, she had come to add her envy and
  dislike of the family to their suffering. It was with great delight that she
  saw her former rivals children being abused, and watched the older girls suffering
  with delight as her husband's shot his lot into the girls abused cunt.  
Looking around her eyes fell on the delight of the son of her former adversary.
  Now she could take out her spite for all her the humiliation she had from the
  Whore.  
Walking over to the boy she gently fondled his immature bollocks and stroked
  his Willie and were surprised to see that the boy the responded by growing
  stiffer. My! My! you are a big lad. We were soon put a stop to that, or at
  least stop you doing anything useful with it. Turning round to she spoke to
  her husband who had just finished shagging the older daughter.  
I think it is time we gave the boy a little sexual experience. Not
    a lot! we don't want to over tax his immature equipment but I think watching
    you ram his sister has made the little devil Randy. In addition, it wouldn't
    be fair to emasculate him without giving him the experience of shooting his
    lot up a Whore. As his sister seems to be quite enjoying the experience,
    I think it would be a good opportunity for him to try out for the first and
    last time his wedding tackle.  
  Turn the girl over so she can see her next lover and fully experience what
  she will be doing for a living as from tomorrow, after her mother has experienced
  her last shagging in the arena in a way which will be most satisfying.   
Lowering the boy down she dragged him at over to where the girl now
    lay face up over the bench. Forcing the boy between her legs, she inserted
    his now stiff Dick into the girl and slapped his bare arse hard so that he
    stumbled forward penetrating the girl deeply.  
  Bingo, we have a contact. She cried. "Go Boy! Give her good shagging."  
  With she continued to slapping his arse forcing him back into the girl, from
  which he recoiled only to be forced back in again. The husband's grinned down
  at the older girl, her arse still stinging from the thrashing that she had
  and watched the girl horror as she was incestuly forcibly shagged by her younger
  brother.   
Lydia picked up a strap and used that to beat more effectively the boy's
  cute bottom forcing a rhythm she knew you would lead eventually to the boy
  ejaculating up his sister's cunt.  
She was enjoying the irony and perverseness of partaking in the official
    punishment of a convicted criminal family as was decreed by law. In addition,
    was going to take any opportunity to degrade and humiliate her former rival
    or her family.  
  She had urged her husband to quickly obtained control of the Sluts assets and
  meant to take full advantage of the situation. Her rival's demise had been
  arranged and would take place tomorrow but her disgrace would carry on through
  her children as they were forced into a life of degradation and sexual abuse.  
  Looking across at the younger girl still hanging from her strap, she decided
  that the boys bottom was sore enough to keeping him moving in and out of his
  sister and that the younger female Brats bottom was just waiting for it first
  well deserved tanning.  
  Moving over to the younger girl she first ran hands under and around the weeping
  girls backside as she hung from the strap and whispered in her ear in that
  soon she would have something to cry about.   
She pulled on the sling so that the girl tipped forward allowing her to see
  the girls well shaped bottom and cunt still dripping sperm, placing it at a
  convenient height she then proceeded to apply a sound strapping, to the accompaniment
  of loud shrieking which replaced the whimpering.  
As she slapped, she gloated to the unfortunate girl. Tomorrow will be a interesting
  day for you I have arranged for you and your sister to be officially publicly
  married, deflowered and disgustingly buggered in a semi private party I am
  a organising just for you. Today being just a dress rehearsal. It will be performed
  by the same man at least the first time, who will be pushing the revolting
  animals Dicks deep inside your slut of mother as she is displayed, raped and
  thoroughly humiliated in the arena earlier tomorrow.  
I have waited a long time for this and will get great satisfaction
    in watching you slowly suffer the same fate as your mother.  
  Once I have made you and your sister conceived, carry and drop three bastard
  children I am going to arrange to have your thoroughly worn out sexual organs
  to be incinerated by having it coated in oily tar and set alight in the arena
  for the amusement of the multitude who will watch you wiggle your hips and
  give one lewdly final dance in common with your mother tomorrow. Then my revenge
  will be sweet   
You're pretty brother is going to perform for a lot longer as the dancing
  partner of many a fine gentleman and will live to hate and despise his mother
  as he is bent from the waist to give continual satisfaction with his arse  
My husband and I have arranged the best seats in house for tomorrow's games
  and will I will watch with delight and satisfaction the fable that has been
  specially adapted just for your mother. The longer she suffers and experiences
  shame and horror at her predicament the more contentment I will feel.  
I am intending to have a artist portray your mother's defilement and have
  it painted on the wall on your brothel wall so punters if they so feel like
  paying the extra, can ask to make you re-enact it for then. Many are a punter
  gets great satisfaction in shagging a girl knowing her mother had been actually
  raped disgustingly by a animal  
Deciding that the girl was distressed enough, she turned just as the boy
  shot his lot into his sister, realising that the boy had orgasm, she pulled
  him back and stared at his stiff little Willie.  
Sitting herself down on the dungeon steps, she pulled the boy to her and
  cupped her hands round his ball bag.  
Reaching into a pocket in her dress, she pulled out a length of the thin
  black cord and made the end into a noose. Slipping the noose around the boy's
  bollocks, she pulled on the end till it tightened and cut into the skin. The
  pressure of the cord caused a drop of sperm to issue from the boys penis. That's
  the first and final time any of that stuff gets away, I hope you enjoyed it.
  The pain from the cord cutting into his ball bag did not allow the boys to
  answer, his eyes just showed a combination of desire and pain.  
That cord would stay in a position till the ball bag went black from lack
  of blood supply and it rotted away. if I find you even touching with your hands;
  I will have your ball bag cut off with a knife.  
With that done, she spun him round and sent him
  over to her husband with a sound smack on his bottom.  
Now standing, watching the convicted murderess cavort her bottom around in
  a attempt to relieve the burning of her cunt. The senator got a great satisfaction
  in watching his former desire being so sexually humiliated. The Bitch had used
  Him to get what she wanted, now she was getting something she disliked heartily,
  and in the a little time she would be getting far more sexual humiliation  
. Lydia was feeling victorious, as she watched the little slut as she attempted
  to relieve her suffering, and noted to her husband that she bet it was the
  first time she had a hot cunt and not enjoyed it.  
Paula was certainly not enjoying wagging her exposed bottom about in front
  of so many leering men. She knew exactly what was going through their mind,
  and how their Cocks were growing stiff between their legs in desire. She also
  knew that the women were experiencing righteous satisfaction at the way she
  was being forced to respond. She also knew this was only a beginning of an
  long five hours of humiliation pain and degradation before oblivion took over.  
The organisers, seeing the effect that the hot replica had on their
    victim, had the brass replica jerked in and out of Paula's cunt in a attempt
    to duplicate her initial reaction. Paula's screamed and let out a shriek
    of frustration at this abuse of a very private a part of her, causing again
    delight in the audience, organisers and the watching senator and his wife.  
  Paula's was again made to stand up with her legs wide open, brass dogs prick
  still jammed inside her, the brass balls clearly visible to those watching
  from the front through the hole in the dress   
Those watching it from the back could see a clear silhouette projected onto
  her dress under her exposed buttocks. clearly seeing the full shape of the
  intruding Dick being the projected onto her skirt as it protruded between her
  spreads legs, and many a woman climaxed at the thrill of watching this abuse.
  as they used their imagination and reflected how they would feel and react
  if this horrible indignity was ever perpetrated on them.  
The men went stiff between the legs as they enjoyed the sight of Paula being
  sexually shamed, a act she had fully brought on herself by her sluttish behaviour.  
They projected their lust and horror to Paula' who went red with embarrassment
    at being made to copulate, masturbate in public. The crowd sensing her intense
    embarrassment murmured approval.  
  But much preferred to see her writhing in sexual torment and pain and waited
  with anticipation when the replica dogs prick was replaced in the arena with
  the genuine article and looked forward to cruelly seeing, not only acute embarrassment
  registering on the former aristocratic ladies face. But horror and disgust
  and humiliation at her fall from grace as she felt the genuine article first
  climbing on to her back, then feel it penetrate and stimulating itself inside
  her, and then filling her love tube with slimy animal spunk.   
The organisers realising that time was passing, had Paula pulled upright,
    and tied back to the post with the replica still in place. Leaving her to
    endure the constant titter and speculation at when it would actually slide,
    on its own violation onto the floor.  
  When it still has stayed in place and had to be gently jiggled about by the
  organisers finger before it clattered to the floor, the frenzy of the betting
  increased dramatically as it was realised that while the slut had being shagged
  by many different men, her cunt was still quite tight, and would not take a
  lot of abuse.   
Most people now expected her to start to tear with the forcible penetration
  of the Jackass, further encouraging the organisers to endorse their decision
  to slip that animals cock up her arse and sodomise the Bitch, much to the expected
  enjoyment of the crowd as Paula would be thoroughly humiliated, at not only
  having to accept the unnatural act of a Jackass Dick being pushed up her bum,
  but it would have to lay there and accept it ejaculating hot burning sperm
  as a enema into her backside, a Jackass having a much higher body temperature
  . A truly fitting punishment for a Aristocratic Lady who had teased the crowd
  from afar with her sexuality.  
As expected the crowds got quite excited at the thought of this gorgeous
  woman being pseudo fucked in front of them. And called for the next larger
  brass replica to be shoved in the Bitch. However, the organisers wanted to
  prolong the excitement. Their job was to provide a good spectacle in the Arena
  not to put on a free show in the Preview.  
So it with Paula left hanging, the Barker set about describing the woman's
  crimes and how she was going to be made to suffer sexually, in the arena. He
  had the fat pig brought forward and one of the woman's former female slaves
  was made to crawl between its legs and masturbate it, until it's fat Dick reached
  it's operating sizes.  
Explaining that this type of pig had immense balls which contained a large
  quantity of slimy sperm, which he joking explained, he expected to issue from
  the ladies mouth when the time came for it to shoot it's lot inside her. He
  then brought forwards the hairy short leg Jackass and challenged the crowd
  to imagine, just what would happen to the ladies womb when this little fucker,
  added its jet of sperm to a already full cunt. Not mentioning the fact that
  this animals Dick was destined for the other orifice. He explained that a Jackass
  had a hairy prick and those hairs would soon be tickling the fancy of the young
  woman .The women in the crowd thrilled at the horror of imagining that hairy
  thing entering them.  
So the betting and the narrative carried on into the afternoon, with Paula
  not actually being physically abused, except in from time to time being made
  to bend over the bar, and having larger and larger replica penis first inserted,
  then as that became impossible due to the damage they would do, just gently
  introduced. The final brass replica of the bull, just having the tip pressed
  against her vagina opening, as it was clearly going to do it a lot of damage,
  if penetration was attempted.  
This excited a lot of the men and annoyed a lot of the women who did not
  like to see them men fancying anybody but themselves. And took their spite,
  by calling for there slut in front of them to be soundly whipped. A suggestion
  that the organisers kept to the end.  
As the five hours of display were coming to its end, the organisers took
  up Lydia's suggestion.  
The dress was tidied up, and the ladies make up was restored again creating
  the illusion of a dignified lady attending a cultural event. i.e. the a enactment
  of a classic fable.  
This illusion was shattered, when Paula, was reminded of what was coming
  next as the Number one custodian gently goosed the ladies naked arse making
  her shriek, and thrust her hips forwards. The crowd cheered and shouted " Smack
  the bitches arse and make her dance ' which are very shortly he did when he
  cracked the bull pissel soundly across the middle of Paula's exposed bottom.  
Paula duplicated the previous action of shrieking and thrusting forward her
  hips but much more vigorously, much to the delight of the women watching. Behind
  her, the Senator and his wife were beside themselves with glee. This was the
  icing on the cake, and watching the woman's undignified cavorting, looked forwards
  to the next act of their plan with great anticipation.  
This was turning into a excellent day and of course, they still had the Bitches
  children to play with later that afternoon. It was a pity their three children
  could not be allowed to watch them mothers disgrace and demise. However, Lydia
  was sure the artists drawing would allow the Brats to capture in their imagination
  the day's events.  
The balls pissel cracked 20 times across Paula's backside before the organisers
  were satisfied that the women in the crowd had been able to vent their spite
  on the fallen celebrity.  
They were especially delighted way in the dress rode up and lodged between
  her legs thus emphasising fact that the ladies cunt was targeted and allowing
  the imagination to speculate what was coming in.  
They did not want to prolong it too much as it was important that the crowd
  got kicks in the arena where they would to be asked to pledge their vote for
  their new senator.  
Paula was then allowed to regain her dignity and composure, but made to stand
  in front of the jeering crowd who knew that the fine lady in front of them
  had a backside that was extremely painful having just been soundly thrashed.  
Her fall from grace was complete, now she only had to endure the crowd watching
  her being forcibly fucked completely naked. . to this end the dress was now
  stripped from the public Icon. leaving the watching crowd the chance to imagine
  the slut committing adultery with all her lovers and anticipating watching
  the lady trying to accommodate physicly, first a Hound and finally be sexually
  mutilated by Zeus in the guise of a rampant Bull.  
It had been decided Finally that they were going to Boil Paula alive in a
  glass vessel, so that the crowd could actually see the once popular celebrity
  reduced to a skeleton while she danced and jiggled freely naked in the boiling
  water one more time.  
CHAPTER THREE   
Paula was feeling crushed by events. She had often watched some unfortunate
  woman being tortured for the entertainment of the crowned but had never in
  her wildest dreams expected to be in a similar situation.  
The humiliation and degradation of her current situation had left her feeling
  complete misery and despair.  
To be whipped like a disobedient schoolgirl while wearing her finest gown
  had been the ultimate humiliation. Her brain being unable to except the fact
  that this was the beginning not the end of her torment.  
In fact her official punishment had not yet started and that very soon she
  would be feeling something revolting penetrating her between the legs and would
  be experiencing the warm ejaculated body fluids of a animal trickling down
  her inside was something that was too horrible to contemplate. She had completely
  forgotten about the fate she had brought on her children and that soon her
  oldest daughter would be feeling a similar revulsion as black slugs crawled
  up her leg towards her shaved cunt, such is human nature.  
Paula was left to hang naked from the posts legs wide apart for a full half-hour
  before she was a untied and thrown into a cart. The cart was then driven into
  the bowels of the arena where she was washed down, Scrubbed and make ready
  for the part in the forthcoming play.  
The Silver wheeled to float was positioned, and Paula was draped naked
    over the Golden Arch. Her position was so arranged that she lay on her belly,
    bent double her hands and feet chained together and to the float.  
  She was carefully made to straighten her legs and part them slightly in a dignified
  way thus preserving the illusion of grace and respectability. 
  Her head was raised and a gilded collar fastened around her neck to keep her
  heads up and preserve the graceful shape of her exquisite body. 
  It wasn't until you took in the rear-view that it was realised that Paula's
  sexual organs, being painted the way they were stood out like a beacon her
  tits hanging down like plump melons the the nipples tipped bright red. Shattering
  any misconception, that this was nothing but a sexually titillating, degrading
  exhibition.   
At a signal from the organisers, the float was then led to into the arena.
  Paula being held rigid in a very vulnerable position, ready for her encounter,
  just her tits jiggling and rocking as they traversed the uneven the ground.
  Paula was terrified, lying naked over the golden arch she was very aware that
  her cunt was open for the abuse she knew she was going to get in the coming
  minutes. The thought of having a dog mount and ejaculate up her cunt was sending
  her into spasms of trembling  
The crowd stood mesmerised as their former goddess was paraded in front of
  them, the float going right to the edge of the arena, so that Paula could be
  seen in all her misery. The accompanying music being specially selected for
  its romantic content as the bride was carried towards her fate. The men in
  the audience lusting after the sight of her rudely painted cunt as it passed
  by them.  
The women enjoying the spectacle of a popular celebrity being made to partake
  in such a crude way. Giving them a chance to passively Voyager without actually
  taking part in a deliciously obscene spectacle presented in such a classic
  spectacular way.  
They had long seen the Bitch wallowing in their men's admiration and now
  it was their chance to watch while the Bitch got it right where she deserved
  it.  
After completely canvassing around the arena with a stop in front
    of the Royal Box. 
  for the Principle to take in the sight of a Lady he knew so well being displayed
  so obscenely in front of him, the float pulled into the centre of the arena.
  There the white horses that had pulled the float were unharnessed and Paula
  was left lonely, on display, naked, held in a copulation position in the Centre.   
The choir and orchestra still singing and playing as they retreated to the
  safety of the arena massive wooden Gate's.  
Paul there was left, for effect, a solitary figure, waiting punishment, while
  the crowd let its imagination run wild about the events to come.  
With the entrance of the Number One custodian, bringing the five bridegrooms
  the crowd broke into a cheering roar.  
Stopping besides Paula's float, he positioned the bridegroom's tastefully
  fully around the float. Paula getting a sense of the occasion started to scream
  and shout, showing great distress at her predicament. She started pleading
  and begging .Her cries carrying clearly to the waiting crowd  
But being securely held in place all she could do is shuffle her legs making
  her breasts swing about wildly just adding a little vulgarity to the Classic
  scene being unfolded in front of the crowd.  
However, the crowd sensing exactly how she felt, started to stamp their feet,
  in their excitement at watching the amazing scenes unfold before them. Never
  in their wildest dreams had the crowd ever expected to see a Gorgeous First
  Lady punished by being publicly raped, and so disgustingly.  
The number one handler then picked up a sponge with a handle and plunged
  it into a pot of urgant, containing the blood of a Bitch in heat.  
Walking up to Paula's rear-ends he proceeded to anoint the area between her
  legs and finally pushing whole revolting mess into Paula's vagina.  
Paula's was able to see, even though her head was held proud by the collar
  around her neck the Dog who had been positioned in front of her, raise its
  head as it sniffed the scent.  
She was horrified to see the dog start getting excited and it's Dick grow
  in length and circumference.  
Like a lot women she had fantasised about what it might be like to be fucked
  by a dog, especially when she had played with her hunting dogs.  
But never in her wildest fantasies did she actually perceive that she would
  be ever be participating and experiencing fully such a unthinkable occurrence.  
The dog now beside itself with excitement of the thought of getting its Dick
  into a woman's cunt, was led by the first handler to the rear of the float
  out of the sight of Paula who suddenly became very, very conscious of her cunt
  and the position she was in.  
The first she knew of the dogs excitement was when she felt the Dogs paws
  on her back, her bottom suddenly felt the warmth of the dog's inner thighs
  as it was shuffled forward by the first handler. The dog fastened its fangs
  onto Paula's neck holding her rigid. The number one handler reached down and
  grabbed the dog's penis and forced it into the of the entrance of the woman's
  waiting, trembling cunt.  
The actual touch of the dogs prick between her legs brought home to Paula
  the enormity of what was about to happen to her. Her mind to just went blank,
  only knowing that she was about to be physically raped by dog and forgetting
  all the events that had led up to it.  
The fact that she knew that afternoon the older daughter would be experiencing
  similar sensations as the black slug crawled slowly up her leg to take sanctuary
  in her cunt was of no importance, she was the one just about to fully experience
  the feel of a dog's penis pushing into her vagina and having to allow it to
  stimulate itself inside her, she had no option but to lay there and wait for
  the horrible sensation of her cunt being stretched and filled  
The handlers stood back and watched Paula's face as it twisted and distorted,
  her mouth falling open and grimacing as she experienced the penetration. She
  let out a piercing, horrified scream as she felt a pressure at her cunt lips
  as the Dog prepared to thrust.  
The emotion she felt was projected into the waiting crowd and soaked up like
  a sponge. The women experiencing fully at second hand, Paula's rape  
The Dog then naturally thrust forward penetrating Paula's deeply, but so
  securely tied was she to the float the only outward sign was a tremor that
  ran along Paula's at body as she felt dog enter her and start the horrible
  copulation act  
The Crowd sensing that now, Paula's was actually experiencing in front of
  them, the horrible reality and sensation of being to be made to be fucked by
  a Dog roared its approval. The Dog then proceeded jerk its nether region in
  a revolting attempt to fertilise Paula's womb with puppies.  
When the Dog finally ejaculated to into Paula's birth canal after the expected
  30 short seconds of fucking the feeling to her was indescribable. \  
Never had she experienced such a vast amount of sperm flooding into her cunt
  so much did Dog a ejaculate into her that Paula felt her inner tubes swell
  of as they tried to contain the thick slimy liquid, Paula actually felt her
  womb swell and it was only the fact that she lay spread eagled on her tummy
  over the arch that her stomach did not actually bulge.  
The organisers had deliberately withheld any sexual contact from the dog
  for the last three months, being a breed renowned for the size of its testicles,
  allowing the huge animal to accumulate a vast amount of spunk, spunk that had
  been recently contained in it's huge ball bag and was now being ejaculated
  lovingly but without consent, into Paula's love tube.  
Despite the bounds that held Paula in place, such was the emotions
    that Paula was feeling as the dog fucked her so spectacularly in front of
    the baying crowd that even from the short distance the crowd could see she
    was badly distressed, her tits wildly flapping about in time with the dogs
    rhythm as he rammed his pick up and down her cunt, and the horrible sensations
    that Paula was feeling between her legs made her head flail about despite
    the restraints of the collar around her neck. The chains holding her to the
    float allowing her to thrash her arm but not her legs about.  
  Just giving the impression that she was taking part in a classic dignified
  re-enactment of a fable for cultural enjoyment as she was pinned under the
  dog's body, its Dick reaching in deep into her body.  
  Never had the crowd expected to see such a well-respected lady punished in
  such a degrading fashion. But because it was so unexpected, it was so mind-blowingly
  erotic. A aristocratic lady being soundly punished by being displayed totally
  naked in public and having to endure first, her sexual organs played with,
  her simulated rape by brass replicas, and then having the crowd watch as she
  had to endure the humiliation of having her bottom smacked in public 
  Then in the arena being forced in front of a audience to spread her legs to
  allow her cunt to be used and fucked so thoroughly by a revolting animal.   
The fact that the dog had actually ejaculated inside Paula was obvious from
  the fact that as the dog continued to ram Paula getting the lasts delicious
  sensation from Paula's cunt white sperm had actually squeezed out and ran down
  Paula's leg's publicly declaring that the poor woman cunt was now well and
  truly full of dog sperm  
The dog had been trained from a puppy using unknowing, common young inexperienced
  prostitutes. They would be lured into the room containing the dog and the dog
  encouraged to attack the Tart.  
Once the unwilling girl had been frightened into submission she was told
  it only way she could escape was to cajole the dog to let it mount her, she
  must crawl on to her knees and then allow the dog to stick its prick between
  her legs Doggy fashion.  
If necessary, she would have to physically put the young dogs prick into
  her own cunt, until it got to know what it was for. Instructions being shouted
  to the unfortunate girl as how this was best to achieved.  
She it would be warned that the Dog would find it necessary to have her completely
  naked, and a Pot of arugant would be supplied for the girl to sneer around
  her cunt to encourage the animal.  
With each encounter, the Dog would get more experience and aggressive until
  it knew exactly it what it wanted and attack the tart viciously until she did
  what was necessary. In the end, all that was necessary was to lure a young
  tart into a room that the Dog was in.  
As long as a pot of urgant was nearby the dog would soon have the girls clothes
  torn off and her backside or cunt impaled on it Dick. The dog not really worried
  which orifice it used to get sexual relief. Once the terrified girl realised
  that it was inevitable that she was going to be fucked by the dog she usually
  froze and allowed to dog to pull her about like a rag doll.  
The dog being encouraged to grip the girl by their back of the neck and bite
  the girl to totals submission till the dog got used to only human cunt and
  its use for sexual relief.  
Those who tried to escape still got fucked but usually they died before that
  dog had actually ejaculated into them. Not that the dog needed to them alive
  it was quite happy to continue fucking a dead prostitute  
In the case of the larger animals like the horses, Zebras and Bulls again
  slaves were too valuable to used in this role and a unsuspecting whore would
  be tricked into thinking that they had got a extra special client, which of
  course she had, usually the whore was so mutilated that she wouldn't have survived
  but so many plied their trade in the underground passages of the stadium, that
  they would not be missed.  
When Paula actually felt her birth canal fill and expand with this vast amount
  of Doggy sperm she let out a howl of despair, and the crowds sensing that Paula
  had now actually been converted in every sense of the words to a "Real Bitch " roared
  its approval again. The women wondering whether it was possible that the dog
  would actually achieve its aim and Paula might confirm a popular misconception
  at this time, that it was possible to actually conceive and give birth to Doggie
  offspring if you were raped by a dog.  
The organisers had long tried using many a unwilling and terrified prostitute
  to achieve this very desirable effect even using the eggs from a pregnant Bitch
  and forcing them up the cunt of a prostitute, their desire being to actually
  make a girl carry and drop a clutch of puppies.  
To have been able to have Paula dragged naked,inpregnated and dripping multiple
  animal sperm to a exhibition cage, the full extent of her punishment unknown,
  as it be impossible to know which animal had actually manage to fertilise her,
  and exhibit her night and day naked while the leering watching spectators wondered
  whether she was going to be expectant for just six weeks if the dog had fertilised
  her or she was going to have to wait considerably longer as a calf grew in
  her Belly.  
This would have surpassed even the senator and his wife's delight and would
  have been a very satisfying achievement but this was for the future.  
Her first rape successfully concluded the dog was allowed to dismount and
  led away from Paula's trembling body.  
The next animal was brought forward and introduced to its victim. Paula looked
  up with despair in her face into the big sheep's eyes of her next rapist. A
  Ram  
Suddenly she felt her backside turn cold as the number one handler washed
  off the mess from her buttocks. The Number one handler walked round to Paula's
  face and smeared on a ointment taken from another bucket, using a finger to
  force the ointment deep into Paula's mouth.  
He then smeared a large quantity onto Paula's tits kneading and cupping them
  sending a message to Paula's loins. He then untied the large woolly Ram and
  let it lick Paula's face. The coarse tongue sending shivers down Paula's spine
  as it licked the evil tasting ointment off her face.  
Paula' was then reminded why she was there, it was to titillate the crowd
  and she had to suffer the Ram then forcing its tongue in between her lips and
  filling her mouth as it sought out more of the ointment and of course filling
  her mouth with large amounts of Ram smelling body fluids.  
When it had fully remove all of ointment from her mouth it moved down to
  her breasts, its rough tongue sending crude sexual yearnings again into Paula's
  body. Suddenly Paula felt that a excruciating pain in her backside as a handler
  having retreated to her rear end struck her soundly across the bottom with
  a whippy cane. The first of 12 she was to receive as unofficial punishment
  in the next minute.  
Paula let out a scream that thrilled the crowd, it had not come to see Paula
  passively or classically fucked they wanted the Bitch to suffer her punishment
  in torment. Moreover, what better than to cane the woman backside before again
  putting her to suffer a new animal shagging her cunt.  
The women in the crowds were enthralled as their innermost fantasies were
  betrayed in front of them. So enthralled were they that it was actually possible
  for the men in the crowd to lift their skirts and to rape them unknowingly,
  Many a teenage girl was disgraced and shamed when they had to try and explain
  a pregnancy to their family later on by letting their imaginations run riot.  
The second handler then remove the stiff collar from around Paula's neck
  and loosened the chains holding her to the float and picking up the tether
  from the Ram led the now excited animal to Paula's rear end her head now free
  from the restraint of the stiff collar was unable to resist watching the animal
  being led behind her. The Number two handler out of sadistic pleasure forced
  her head down between her legs so she had a good view of her own cunt being
  approached by penis.  
Paula was suddenly very aware that that red tipped prick approaching her
  cunt, was about to duplicate the horror she had recently experience, as expected
  she went into a spasm of pleading, shouting screaming and thoroughly make a
  spectacle of herself.  
The crowd leapt to its feet shouting " Go on shove the animals Dick into
  the murderess and make her conceived" not knowing or caring that this was unlikely  
. They had come to see a Bitch punished and they wanted some more action.  
Most of the women were fascinated by the Jackass. The dog they had thoroughly
  enjoyed watching mount the unfortunate woman as they could relate to it happening,
  as many had been embarrassed by their pets attempting to mount them in play.  
The Jackass they knew was in a different league, not only was it a smelly
  revolting creature but they all could see that getting that penis fully into
  Paula's cunt would be no mean achievement and that Paula had very little chance
  of safely accommodating its Dick. The sheep would only duplicate the action
  of the dog just easing the woman's cunt a little larger. The only difference
  would be that Paula could now react to her rape in a way she had been an able
  to before due to her restraints.  
Unable to help herself Paul stared fascinated and mesmerised at her own sex
  lips as the Ram forced its Dick into her in her second rape in five minutes.
  The Horror and terror she felt suddenly made itself manifest in her body.  
The Chains holding her arms and legs rattled as she threw herself into a
  frenzy of protest. She's thrashed about only the strap holding her body to
  the golden arch stopping her from being successful in preventing the animal
  getting its end away up her cunt.  
As the animal jerked its prick in and out of the protesting woman Paula did
  exactly as the organisers hoped for and gave as a very entertaining performance
  for the crowd to lap up. Paula had lost it. All that was in her mind was somehow
  to escape from the a horrible predicament she found herself in and rid herself
  from the torment calmly running it Dick in and out of her cunt.  
To the watching entertained crowd Paula seemed to be trying to force herself
  away from the beast raping her, laying over the golden arch, with her arms
  and legs moving as much as possible and the being only restrained by the chains,
  she looks like a dog swimming, especially as now she was experiencing considerable
  pain between her legs, her head was thrown right back.  
The artist commissioned by the senator and his wife to illustrate the entertaining,
  Paula full in the middle of the arena suffering having a Ram enter her and
  as a background put in a young lady in the audience unknowingly being raped
  by a complete stranger who had noticed the girls total involvement.  
The picture still preserved in a Rome museum shows his hands down the front
  of the girls tunic manipulating her breasts while the illustration of his face
  is shown leering as he shot his sperm into the girls excited cunt as he fucked
  her from behind. The girl totally oblivious of her rape.  
Again, the crowd roared as Paula let out a cry of making it so obvious that
  again she had been forced to accept a gift from the gods. The men gloating
  at the woman's distress, the women sadistically waiting to see how the slut
  would cope with the Jackass.  
They did not have to wait long, the number one handler made the change over
  and very soon, Paula was having to suffer the same experience of having a Jackass
  French kiss her forcibly. Again the cane cracked across her arse and she went
  into pain torment at the same time as the jackass got its tongue curled round
  her tits, sending conflicting messages to Paula's lower loins.  
The jackass was led to behind Paula's waiting bottom and there allowed to
  lick the new ointment that had been smeared on. Paul there was feeling exhausted
  after her previous exertions and just gave out a low moan, it wasn't until
  she realised that this animal was going to bugger her arse that she again became
  alive. The men in the crowd enjoying the changing emphasis, the women a little
  disappointed as they had expected if any the jackass was going to impregnate
  her. Paula was just horrified as this unnatural act with an unnatural animal
  was acted out on her body.  
Without too much ceremony for such a degrading act, the number one handler
  stuffed the Jackasses penis up Paula's backside. As expected her anus split
  slightly as it was penetrated but not enough to cause major damage just enough
  to make Paula's react by throwing back her head and letting out a loud scream
  as she instinctively tried to clench her bottom to unsuccessfully prevent any
  deeper penetration.  
Again, within a short time the jackass, sperm joined that already in Paula's
  body, and mingled with the excess that was running down her legs. Paula or
  had now reached the limit of her endurance, and would from now on accept reasonably
  passively, the zebra and the final penetration which would to split her apart,
  from the Bull Just as several of weeks earlier a young slave girl suffered
  the same fate but Paula's torment was not yet over.  
The organisers had finally, after long discussions with the tribunal judges
  and unofficially the senator's wife had decided to boil Paula alive. This way
  Paula's torment could be easily seen and the total destruction of that gorgeous
  body would be a public event.  
First Paula was allowed to stay on display while the crowd finally roared
  its approval at a classically portrayed tale, and pledged its support for the
  senator who had arranged for it is representation.  
The transparent pot into which Paula was to be cooked alive was quickly brought
  into the arena on a cart, and the water in which Paula was to boiled tipped
  into it, the fire at its base being a quickly assembled ready to be lit as
  soon as Paula was encapsulated inside.  
This was so accomplished by tying a rope to Paula's arms the pulling her
  upright to she was suspended above the vessel. She was then lowered into the
  killing chamber and the water adjusted so it that to around her neck.  
A large transparent horn was then lowered over her face. The reason for this
  was two fold, one to stop the heat cooking her brain too quickly, the other
  to amplify her voice so her that her screams would be heard by everybody in
  the arena.  
Once safely entombed in her glass coffin the fire was lit and Paula suffered
  the gradual rise of the waters temperature, which at first quickly revived
  her and then started to torment her. As the temperature, rose Paula started
  her last exotic writhing dance entertaining the crowd one more time. Very quickly
  as far as the crowd were concerned, the hot water started to strip the skin
  and flesh from her body, the horn over her head still allowing her to remain
  conscious of the intense pain penetrating her body, but also amplifying her
  screams letting anybody contemplating a similar crime that Paula was suffering
  the final torment.  
The senator and his wife had left once Paula had started her obscene chants,
  they had the continuing legacy of her crimes to organise on her offspring and
  watching Paula suffer in the arena had made both of them quite horny and longing
  to pass on the suffering they had seen this afternoon on to them.  
END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blackstar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





