BDSM Library - Welcome To Paradise




Welcome To Paradise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fred and his family move into another neighborhood, were women are traited a different way.
				Welcome to paradise



The Party



At least, sighed Sonia with contentment, when the last piece of furniture was on
its final place. The removal had been a nightmare, but now everything was ready
for her new life to start. Miss Sonia Codina

was a pretty, 29 year old brunette. She was to become Fred Ryan's second wife.
Fred's first wife died tragically in a car accident when her brakes failed to
work. Her family: Fred (44), Susan, her 19 year old daughter and her son Ben
(16) received near to 1million US $ from her life insurance and decided to move
into another neighborhood to redo their lives. Fred had been flirting with
Sonia, the cashier of his personal bank, before the accident not getting
nowhere, but afterwards they got serious and they decided to live together and
marry.

It was Fred who found the advertising: House on sale, exclusive neighborhood. If
accepted by neighbors, "welome to paradise", good price. He phoned and asked
what it meant to be accepted by neighbors. The explanation was vague talking
about social level, race, personal appearance, etc, but very kind. He was asked
to bring his family to a meeting, to see the house and discuss the price if they
liked it.

The house was a dream, nearly new, with two floors, basement, garage and garden
it lacked of nothing, even the neighbors were extremely friendly. There was not
a single word about not accepting them. Fred bought the house for an incredible
good price, and they arranged everything to move in. Today they finished the
removal.



"Darling" called Sonia " please reconfirm with the catering service they are
bringing enough for at least 25 people. I want to celebrate this inauguration
without any problem." "Don't worry, Sonny, everything is OK, the neighbors told
me they were going to come around 19'30 h" answered loudly Fred from the garden
where he has put an enormous table with a white paper tablecloth.



Soon the party was started and everybody having a good time, drinking, dancing,
chatting, etc.. It was close to 10 p.m. when Mr. Arthur Geldberg produced a
sheet of paper and asked for a moment of attention.



"I would like to welcome our new neighbors " he started and everybody cheered.
Sonia had been drinking and laughing a lot and felt a little bit tipsy. The
lasts pieces she had danced with Mr. Kevin Miller her neighbor from across the
road, who now was still holding her by the waist. "...and as usual we offer you
our personal welcome drink" was saying Mr. Geldberg when Pam, his wife, an
amazingly pretty blonde dressed in jeans, brought three crystal glasses filled
with a good smelling bright red liquid. They brought only three cause Ben hadn't
shown up the whole afternoon and had been forgotten. When Sonia reached for her
drink Mr. Miller fondled slightly her ass, but before she could protest his hand
was gone. Susan, Sonia and Fred drank a toast on their new house. The red liquid
smelt well and tasted better. "Lets go on dancing" shouted Arthur taking Susan
by the hand and starting the dance. Mr. Miller went on dancing with Sonia and,
soon after starting, he fondled her ass again. Sonia didn't react at once cause
she was like mesmerized seeing how boldly Mr. Geldberg was groping Susan. Why
didn't Susan stop him, she thought. Then she reached behind to replace Mr.
Miller's hands but he gently whispered into her ear: "Sonia, let it happen,
don't stop it" and increased the fondling making it seem a massage. Sonia first
was shocked cause she wasn't the sort of girl to let anyone take liberties with
her, then the shock became concern when she realized she wasn't doing nothing to
stop him and finally it transformed into fear. She wasn't able to stop him and
she even French kissed him when he asked for it. What the hell was happening ?



She felt one of Mr. Miller's hands slowly moving to her front side and did
nothing to stop him touching her most private parts in front of everybody. He
freely run his finger through her slit and patted her ass. Afraid she looked for
her husband. She didn't really know if she was searching her husband for him to
help her or if she was just trying to verify he wasn't looking. She didn't find
Fred but she met Susan's worried look. Susan had somehow lost her blouse and was
now dancing topless with Mr. Geldberg. Dancing isn't the right word cause
normally nobody dances with both hands behind the neck, as she did, slowly
rotating in the midst of the garden for all her neighbors to see her generous
breasts. She looked embarrassed, Mr. Geldberg's hands were both under her skirt,
one in the front, the other on her behinds whilst he faked to dance. Sonia saw
that all her neighbors had stopped dancing and were now watching amused the
spectacle she and her stepdaughter were offering. " Now; Sonia" said Mr. Miller
"I want you to strip stark naked and ask one by one all of our friendly
neighbors to dance with you." "Ah, and do it smiling" he added. He was gone
before she realized what she had been asked for, then she wanted to tell him her
mind but just started smiling and undoing the top button of her blouse. Soon she
stood there topless and fumbling at her trousers. The crowd laughed and
applauded, she tried to cover her breasts but someone cried "Don't cover them"
and she desisted. Red as a beet she pulled down her trousers and finally she
offered a full frontal view of her nakedness for everybody who cares to look,
and the crowd cared. Utterly humiliated she went to the first man of the crowd
and asked him to dance with her. Andrew Kemp stood there with his arm on his
wife's shoulder. " Tell me you will allow and even encourage me feeling you up
during our dance" he said loudly. His wife, Nicole, grinned amused and
stretching out one hand she groped nonchalantly Sonia's cunt. "Andy, this bitch
is wet, I'm sure she'll appreciate some attention" Sonia, didn't understand
nothing. Which normal wife would encourage her husband to toy with another
woman, and why wasn't she running away, but instead of that she whispered: "
Would you please feel me up meanwhile we dance" Andrew asked her to repeat it
louder and then to ask his wife if she would care.

"Miss, would you let your husband dance with me and feel me up ?" Nicole, who
was now slowly finger fucking her, just smiled and answered:" Of course, my dear
bitch, but first, please, suck my fingers clean." Sonia waited a moment for her
to stick the fingers into her mouth, but it did not happen. Puzzled she looked
up, to find a smiling Nicole. "My dear, go down on your fours and lick my
fingers like the little bitch you are"



Susan's nightmare wasn't better. She, too, was naked by now. Arthur, after
groping her all he want, went away telling her to remain rotating in the midst
of the garden and to allow everybody to take with her body any liberty they
choose. She couldn't believe it. Not that she was a prude, she even welcomed Mr.
Geldberg's first attentions and didn't complain when he put his hands on her
behinds., but when he started to undo her blouse's button, she wanted to stop
him. He, smiling, told her to do it herself, and, unbelievable, she did. Now she
was standing naked in front of lot of people she did not even know, and she knew
she was not able to stop nobody touching her.



Fred was in the living room. He had seen his family being toyed with, but wasn't
able to stop the scenario. With him had been Pamela, until Mr. Geldberg and Mr.
Miller showed up. He had been surprised how warmly Pamela had danced with him
and followed her into the house.

"Mr. Ryan, I suppose Pam explained to you what is happening" said Arthur without
hiding away his clearly visible erection. "Not really, she just asked me to read
and sign these papers, and I did it, I couldn't avoid signing them" answered
Fred "What do you pretend ? Are you stealing us everything ?" he asked, close to
tears. "No, don't worry, this is just our insurance." Answered calmly Mr.
Geldberg "Pam, thank Mr. Ryan for his cooperation and than take away these
papers" Pam sexily went over to Fred and with one hand on his crotch she warmly
kissed him on the mouth whispering "Thanks", then she took the documents and
left.

In the garden Susan and Sonia were now embraced in a lesbian kiss, heavily
petting each other. The men, whilst watching, were kissing and groping any
available female in the garden. These last were in different states of undress
but seemed happy stroking and sucking any offered cock..

"Mr. Ryan, or may I call you Fred" said Mr. Arthur Geldberg showing him a little
white pill "the WD (welcome-drink) we offered you and your family is a drug. It
switches off the link between decision and action for more or less 50 hours,
making it impossible to disobey a direct order. This pill is the antidote. As
you know, you have signed over to us all your belongings and certified you owe
us 100.000 US $. As long as you follow the community rules, these documents will
stay in a safe place, but if you try to fight us ..." he didn't conclude the
sentence. " Tomorrow morning Pam, my pretty wife, will bring you a bottle of WD
and this pill. You swallow your pill and keep silence about it. No woman is to
be informed, just ordered around. For breakfast, tomorrow and each morning, your
pretty daughter and her stepmom will have one glass of WD. Afterwards all of you
can start your normal life, we are not interfering with that." "And " he added "
if you want to try the effect give Pam any order you want"

Fred sat there without knowing what to do. Outside Sonia laid on the garden
table with spread legs. On her face, squatted down, was Susan. The men took
turns fucking Sonia and climbing on the table to let Susan lick them clean. Both
women were utterly ashamed but nevertheless had some orgasms, which in front of
everybody was deepening even more their humiliation. Sonia couldn't stop licking
Susan's nether regions and Susan wasn't able to get up.



"And these rules you referred to?" asked Fred. "They are very few" intervened
Mr. Miller "just do not let your females know what is happening, make them know
they are available, dress them as sluttish as possible and, outside, do not talk
about our community, that's all." "And don't forget feeding them WD" added
Arthur.



Ben



Ben has not gotten well over the trauma of his mother's accident. Unconsciously
he blamed Sonia for his mother's death, he knew it wasn't true but he felt this
woman meddled in the family relations. As for Susan he hated her for being so
pretty, so sociable and so untouchable.

After his mother's death he didn't like parties and had very few friends. That
afternoon he stayed in his room, there he spent his time on the internet and
watching TV. He went soon to bed and slept the whole night, not aware of what
was happening in the garden.



Being Sunday he rose late and went down to have breakfast. When he saw his
stepmom he immediately got an erection. Sonia wore a white blouse, no bra, very
tight white shorts and high heeled white stiletto boots. Her makeup was
marvelous and so was her smile. "Benny, slept well?" she asked friendly. "Don't
call me Benny" he said bad-tempered as always "Sorry it will not happen again"
she answered seriously, much to his surprise. "Really" he asked "Yes, of course,
I'll do as you say" "Then make two fried egg with bacon, I'm hungry" kidded Ben.
Sonia took out the frying pan and started cooking the wished meal. Ben didn't
know if she was pulling his leg or really trying to be friendly. "Stepmom" he
asked "are you really going to do EVERYTHING I may tell you ?" "Of course, Ben,
why do you ask". "Tell me why are you dressed like this?" he went on " Cause
your Daddy told me to put on something sexy" was her simple answer. "And if I
tell you to take it off?" asked Ben with a devilish smile on his face. Sonia's
face went white "You are not going to do it, are you?" she asked timidly.

Ben's erection was hurting him by now and slowly he opened the fly to let his
dick out. Sitting at the kitchen table, as he was, nobody would notice, he
thought, and he could occasionally stroke it a bit. Sonia did notice and got
red, then trying to hide her embarrassment she turned her backside to him and
started cooking the bacon. "Stepmom, you have not given me the good morning
kiss, why don't you kiss me now? Sonia tried to seem normal, she went over to
him, bent down to give him a motherly kiss....and stopped dead as she felt his
left hand on her buttocks. "Mom, you are not wearing panties" exclaimed Ben.
Sonia trying to regain her composure told him this was none of his business,
but, not knowing why, she didn't fight his hand. Ben got bolder feeling how his
power increased, he was fondling his stepmom's ass and she was not stopping him.
His right hand was busy under the table. "Mom, no I cannot go on calling you
'Mom', Sonny I like it to touch your ass, but why don't you give me my kiss?"
Sonia bent down .. and felt how her stepson put his fingers between her legs
from behind, touching her sanctuary over the shorts. When she finally kissed him
he withdrew his right hand from under the table and fondled her breast. "Stay
like this, for a while" he said "I like it". She was like glued to the table and
permitting her stepson feeling her up she felt like a whore. She started
thinking of herself she was a cheap hooker, why if not, was she submitting so
easily to such an abuse. Fred, in the morning had reinforced that believing
after giving them their WD, but she didn't remember it. What happened is that
she couldn't avoid obeying, most to Ben's satisfaction. Ben got more and more
daring and started to open her blouse to feel up her naked breasts. The bacon
was burning but he didn't care. Who did care was Susan coming into the kitchen
to see where the smoke was coming from. She greeted with her usual "Hi" and
switched off the fire. Then she wanted to ask them why they haven't switched it
off by themselves, but her speech died in her throat. There was her Stepmom
bending over the table with an open blouse and Ben, the nerd of her brother
seemed to be groping her. "Mom, what the hell are you doing" she cried. Ben who
was too excited to think right shouted "Shut up, Susan, you..." he wanted to say
something more but than he realized how his sister was dressed. With no
underwear she wore a tight spandex trouser which left few to imagination, a top
and sneakers. Even there was a minute of silence Susan didn't speak and Ben
noted it. "Susan" he said in a friendly manner "come here next to me, for me to
have a better look at you and thoroughly feeling you up". The slightest touch of
his pulsing cock would have made him come, when Susan, moving her hips more than
necessary, came over to him. If Ben hadn't been so overexcited he never would
dare to talk like this to his sister and less in front of their stepmother. But
Ben wasn't thinking with his head, he wasn't thinking at all. When Susan
approached the table from Ben's right side, he straightaway showed his hand
between her legs cupping her sex and started to finger her slit.

"Ben" she exclaimed in her mind, but no sound crossed her lips, she was still
'shutting up', and, of course she didn't fight back. "Susan, you know, I've
always believed you were a bitch" said Ben massaging his sister's cunt "..and
bitches should not speak. Susan I don't want to hear you again in my presence.
Understood?" Meanwhile talking, Ben had slipped his hand into his sister pants
touching her directly. He underlined his 'understood' by squeezing her lower
lips with two fingers. Susan wanted to slap her brother face for talking to her
in such a manner letting alone touching her like that, but all she did was to
nod 'yes' with her head.

Ben's cock was hurting he needed to come, but he was enjoying so much this
moment. It was, by far, the happiest moment in Ben's short life and it would be
a pity to spoil it. Ben wasn't aware of what was happening but he felt power and
pleasure, a dangerous mixture, and started to give orders. He order Sonia to
touch his dick and Susan to kiss him passionately. Sonia took his tool into her
hands and before you could even caress it he was cumming. She expertly stroked
it to drench all his pleasure out of him it, whilst Ben was French kissing and
finger fucking his older sister.



Fred



Fred didn't join the garden orgy. He went to bed and fell asleep waiting for
Sonia. At eight in the morning

Pam ringed the front bell and Fred jumped out of his bed. At the front door
stood Pam wearing a pink minidress and pink high heeled shoes. "Hi, Freddy," she
said and went in. After putting the WD into the fridge she gave Fred the white
pill and waved good bye. Fred swallowed the pill and commanded her to stop. She
stopped dead. "Miss Pamela, I think your dress is too long, lift it till I tell
you to stop. With further ado Pam started lifting her dress in front of her new
neighbor. It didn't take long and she was flashing to him her cleanly shaved,
naked cunt. "Yes, that's better, fix it like this" he said and approached her to
freely run his hands over her body. Pamela was an extremely beautiful blonde and
Fred couldn't get enough. He kissed and fondled her all he want, than he poured
himself an orange juice, sat at the table and ordered Pam to get under it and
start sucking him off. Perhaps this neighborhood isn't so bad at all, he
thought, smiling to himself. Pam did a great job under the table, and when he
came she swallowed until the last drop. After toying a little bit more with her
he sent her home, with the dress fixed over her hips, exposing everything to
everybody. He watched her leaving, moving her hips, and got another hard on as
she walked down the street. Happily he poured two glasses of WD and not feeling
guilty at all, he waked up Sonia and Susan to drink their daily vitamin shake,
as he called it. Then he ordered both of them to forget the underwear and dress
sexily cause they wanted to do a good impression in this new community. He
explained them how important it was to be accepted by their neighbors and that
they should not disagree, under no circumstance, with any male of this
neighborhood. Finally he told them to he had always known they were sluts and
that they don't need to hide it anymore. Susan and Sonia were close to tears
when he finally left the house. They hurried up, dressed and started to do the
household chores.



Monday



Fred was a happy man when he left his house that morning. He had been the Sunday
afternoon at Mr. Kemp's place, just in front his own house, where Kevin, Arthur,
Andrew and himself had played poker. If normally he enjoys playing poker,
yesterday he enjoyed more than never, and not cause of the good cards he got.
They were not playing for money, they were betting their wives to do things.
They spent the whole afternoon stripping, caning, fucking, shaving and
humiliating them. They shaved Nicole's pussy and she got a ring through her
tongue, Cathy Miller and Pam, both stark naked, got involved in a cane-fight
badly caning each other and his pretty wife-to-be Sonia got the most fuckings.
Fred himself was surprised how much stamina he had, he was able to at least fuck
twice all of them, to get several blowjobs and to pay some extra attention to
Pam. Meanwhile they were playing each of them had one naked woman, and not his
own one, caring about his cock, and like that the whole afternoon.

Today in the morning he had eaten his breakfast with his daughter Susan kneeling
naked on the table, just for decoration he had told her. He hadn't seen her
naked since she became a woman and their relation had always been cold. All the
more he enjoyed the power he now had upon her. When Sonia entered the kitchen
Fred told her "Tell me you like the new decoration item." And of course she told
him. He decided that from now on Susan should always kneel naked on the table
meanwhile they were eating, even in front of her brother, his and her friends or
any other guests they may have. Susan thought it wouldn't be able to be more
humiliated as she knelt down, but now, hearing her father's words, her shame
reached new highs. Strangely to her, she didn't dare to complain.



Sonia got up early despite her tiredness. She felt her numb sex and thought how
it was possible she behaved like she did the last weekend. She wasn't a bimbo,
was she? She took a shower and spent a lot of time doing her hair and her
make-up. Then she dressed and went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast.

She had put on her uniform skirt but instead of fixing it around her hips she
closed it around her navel transforming it into an audacious miniskirt. Her
normative white blouse without bra looked inviting, all the more as she didn't
put on her blazer and finally with her high heeled white stiletto boots she was
ready.

When Sonia saw Susan on the table she wanted to ask her what the hell she was
doing , but suddenly she agreed with Fred Susan looked decorative, and
furthermore who was she to interfere in a Father-daughter relationship.

After breakfast and a big glass of her daily vitamin shake, as Fred called it,
she went to work.



Ben came into the kitchen just after Sonia had left. He wasn't really sure if
the events of yesterday had taken place or if he just dreamt them. Even he had
slept well he had rings under the eyes. Ben greeted with his usual 'Hi' and
wanted to take out the milk of the fridge, but the picture he saw made him look
twice. His father was sitting at the kitchen table on his usual place, with his
back next to the door, but Susan was kneeling in front of him, on the table,
stark naked and with spread knees. He saw all her naked glory and any doubt
about yesterday was cleared. "Good morning, Daddy" he insisted in a joyful voice
and petting Susan head he said: "Hi, bitch" Fred looked at his son and smiling
he answered "g'morning Ben, I see you like the new decoration item I've put on
the table. That's her place from now on" "Daddy I always knew you were a clever
man, but you've outdone yourself. What a bright idea" Ben sat next to his father
and stretching out one hand he fondled his Sister's cunt lips.

 "This is better than watching TV, don't you think so , Ben" asked Fred
grinning. "A lot better, indeed" answered Ben slowly sticking a finger in
Susan's pussy. "Yesterday I told Susan not to talk in my presence cause she is a
bitch" started Ben "why don't we transform her into our house bitch? I promise
I'll walk her three times a day" If Susan were given the choice you would choose
to die, but nobody asked her for her preferences. "Interesting idea, my son,
let's talk about it today during dinner" said Fred and prepared for leaving.

Ben left soon after his father, just the time to get a blowjob from his sister.
He couldn't await coming back from school.



Once finished her ordeal Susan showered and hurriedly dressed, afraid of being
late to college. Again she put on her tight spandex trousers, top and sneakers.
She arrived at her college five minutes late and had to enter the classroom with
everybody looking at her. Mr. Howard Thompson, the law teacher, couldn't believe
his eyes, she was like a wet dream. Immediately he called her:" Miss Susan,
would you please come a moment. I hope you know here we start class at nine
o'clock" said Mr. Thomson looking absorbed at her crotch. Susan stood in front
of him and seeing where he looked, she wanted to cover up interlacing her hands
in front of her crotch. From behind she heard some catcalls. The classroom was
enjoying the view of her well shaped ass. "Miss Susan " thundered the teacher
"I'm tiring of your lousy manners. You come late, you dress like a hooker, and
you don't even know how to stand in attention. Put your hands behind, stick your
chest out and keep your feet slightly apart" Susan obeyed, granting her teacher
a wonderful look. "Would you please explain us why you are late. Perhaps you are
not interested in my class, or in college at all" Susan, ashamed, whimpered :
"No, no, , Mr. Thompson I'm very interested, it just took my some extra time to
su.., ah, to help my brother to get ready."



Mr. Thompson suggested a role play for her to demonstrate her interest. As she
was dressed accordingly, he said, she would play a street hooker. All the boys
offered themselves to play the customer, but finally it was Ron who played it.
Susan's friend Brenda and Pet, Brenda's boyfriend, would play the police and Mr.
Thompson himself the judge. The rest of the class would be the jury. Howard
Thompson asked them to play credible and remind them that in this state
prostitution is forbidden, that they've to judge if Susan is just a Bimbo or a
hooker. They started the role play:

Susan whistled to Ron: "Pst, handsome man, don't you want some company this
night, it will be very funny" Ron, got closer and asked, looking at her from
toes to head, funny perhaps, but how much"

That question caught Susan off guard. She answered "What do you think I'm worth"
Ron stretched out a hand and shamelessly groped her buttocks. Susan jumped and
cried "Hey Ronnie stop that." "Miss Susan, please, stay to your role or leave my
class" interrupted the teacher. "I'm sorry, Mr. Thompson" apologized Susan and
ashamed put her buttocks into Ron's waiting hand. Ron, reinforced by authority,
not only groped her ass but also started to finger her slit with his free hand.
He had always fancied Susan and boldly took advantage of the situation. Susan
looked desperate when Brenda and Pet showed up. "Everything OK, Ma'am" asked
Pet. "Yes, yes, my boyfriend is just saying good bye to me" she answered. Ron,
still with both hands heavily fondling Susan said" Isn't she cute, my doll?"
Brenda approached them and asked "If this gentleman is your boyfriend tell me
his phone number" That was mean, Brenda knew exactly that Susan had no idea of
Ron's phone. "Pet, I think we've caught a prostitute. Put the cuffs on her and
lets see the judge." To Ron she said:" Mr. You can go now or come with us to
testify and to finish saying good bye to your girlfriend" Ron left, trying to
hide his erection.

The role play took longer than foreseen. Pet and Brenda had the nerve to grope
Susan all they want in front "judge" Thompson just to explain how they found
her. Brenda couldn't get enough of passing her finger through her friends slit.
The judge himself fondled Susan's ass and cunt just to verify if it was like
this, she was discovered. She was found guilty and sentenced to let everybody in
class feeling her up. "I hope you'll learn to dress properly and to come on
time" finished Mr. Thompson after pronounce sentence. The whole day she was
groped and molested, Brenda even made her stand next to her whilst having lunch,
to go on fingering her slit and Pet managed it to get his hand into Susan's
trousers, much to Brenda's delight.



Some time later



"As all of you know last week tragically an heart attack took from between us
our beloved neighbor Mr. Paul Morrison" started his speech Mr. Geldberg "As
always the community claims his house, money and goods and inherits also his
female livestock. Kevin please, wheel them in" Mr. Miller went in with three
woman towing each of them a big wheeled cage. In each cage kneeled a naked,
bound and gagged woman. The former proud attorney Melissa Sullivan and her twin
daughters Evelyn and Erika (17) looked bewildered through the bars. "...and as
they lose their owner they lose also their humanity" was saying Arthur
"...that's why today we offer them to the highest bid." The crowd applauded. Ben
withdrew his hand from between Sonia legs, to also applaud and said:

"Daddy, why don't we buy the twins for Susan to have company in her kennel.

"Let's see how high the bids are going to be" answered Fred and petted Susan's
head, kneeling, naked, on the floor next to him with a pretty dog collar around
her neck.



Two days later in another district of the city. "Darling, look at this 'house on
sale, exclusive neighborhood ...garden, ...' I think the price is wrong. It is
to cheap." Natalie looked up from the newspaper. "What do you think they mean
with 'if accepted by neighbors' "I have no idea" answered Bill "but let's phone.
A house with garden, think on Mary and Louise ... a garden. Lets phone..."
Welcome to paradise.



The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





