BDSM Library - The Submission of Anna Washington




The Submission of Anna Washington
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A proud African-American woman and her daughter learn submission at the hands of a white racist and his son.
The Submission of Anna Washington


	Anna Washington was furious.

	It was 6:30, and her fourteen year old daughter Sarah wasn't home, and
hadn't called.

	The day had already been full of tension, stress and frustration.

	Anna had been living under a constant cloud of stress since informing
the principal, Mr. Davis, that junior David Alexander, the star player on the
high school basketball team, was failing her Geometry class.  He had been
declared ineligible for the upcoming statewide basketball playoffs. 

	A number of different factors all contibuted to making this a nightmare
scenario for Anna.

	First, this was Anna's initial semester teaching here.

	Second, Anna was the first African-American teacher in the history of
this small Southern rural school district.  She had sensed an undercurrent of
racial tension the entire semester.  That tension had increased noticeably since
Anna had reported David's acadamic status to Mr. Davis.

	Third, David's father, John Alexander, was most definitely the big fish
in the small pond of Smithville, Louisiana.  Adding to the emotional intensity
of the situation was the fact that John Alexander was the political big shot on
the school board.  And his politics was a little to the right of Adolf Hitler. 
Anna knew he had opposed her hiring. 

	Fourth, this entire, economically depressed community was fanatically
supportive of the high school athletic teams.  And David was the star of a team
that apparently had the potential to challenge some of the state's other leading
high school teams.

	Finally, capping all of this, today Anna had attended a meeting after
school with the principal, and John and David Alexander.  It had not gone well. 
David had been surly, and claimed that Anna disliked him because he was white. 
This came out of a clear blue sky, and he had no facts to support his
contention.  But that didn't matter to his father, who agreed with his son, and
went even further.  He accused Anna of seeking revenge against his son, because
she had somehow found out that John had opposed her hiring. 

	Mr. Davis wanted to placate the father, and sought - in his presence! -
to see if Anna would change David's grade to a D, which would have made him
eligible to play again.

	Anna had refused.

	After the meeting, the father accosted her in the hallway.  With no one
else around in the empty hallway but his son, John had gotten in her face.

	"Well, Miss high tone nigger, you're gonna regret this.  You're gonna
regret it real bad." 

	The ugliness of the ancient racial epithet, and the venom in his voice
had left Anna shaken.

	He had then walked away.

	And now, to top off this teriffic day, there was no sign of Sarah, and
no phone call from her.

	Anna heard a car pull up in front of their small rented house.  Then she
heard it take off down the street.  It must be her usually well behaved
daughter.

	She frowned when she heard the doorbell. 

	Jason Stallings was standing there.  He was a senior, and one of David's
friends.   He was also the school bully, and in Anna's opinion, a real thug in
the making.

	"Yes?" she asked stiffly.

	Jason stared at her, with beady eyes in his puffy, pig-like face.  Then
he smiled.

	"Your daughter needs you."

	Anna's heart skipped a beat.

	"What do you mean?  Where is she?  Is she all right?" she asked, her
heart pounding.

	Jason insolently looked her up and down.

	"She won't be, unless you come with me, to go get her.  Now."

	Anna was beginning to be terrified.

	"Take me to her, please." 

	"Sure," he smirked.  "You drive, and I'll give you directions."

	They got into Anna's car.  She followed Jason's directions, but was in
such a state of panic that she couldn't have described where they went. 
Eventually they were in the country-side, and they finally pulled up in front of
a house that looked like some pesudo Southern plantation.  They got out of the
car, and walked up to the front door.  Jason twisted the door knob, and waived
Anna in.  She found herself in a large entry way.  To the right was a living
room, and Anna heard voices.  Jason led her into the room.

	John Alexander was sittting in a large chair. 

	His son was there, along with at least half a dozen other boys, all
looking like high school juniors and seniors.

	And Sarah was there.  Her daughter was sitting on a sofa, with two boys
on either side of her.  One had his arm around her.  The other had his hand
placed casually on her thigh.  She looked petrified.

	Anna looked at John Alexander.

	"What's the meaning of this? What's my daughter doing here?"

	The paunchy John got up with a grunt, and walked over to stand in front
of Anna.

	"I told you, you were gonna regret what you were doing.  Here's where it
starts," he sneered at her.

	Anna was speechless for a moment.  Then she looked over at her daughter.

	"Sarah, come on baby, we're going home."

	Sarah made a movement as if to get up, but the two boys on either side
pulled her back down.

	Anna felt panic overwhelming her.  She looked back at John Alexander.

	"Let me spell it out for you Miz Washington.  You're gonna agree to
change David's grade.  And to make sure you do, you're gonna be filmed fucking a
sixteen year old student."  He paused.  "My son.  And you know what else?  After
you make like a film star, you're gonna fuck all these other eager young men. 
They're gonna do whatever they want with you.  And you're gonna do whatever they
want you to."

	Anna just stared at him wordlessly for a moment.

	"You must be out of your mind.  Let us go now and...and I won't press
charges against you."

	John squinted at her, through mean eyes.

	"You're gonna do everything I said.  You know why, Miz uppity nigger? 
Because if you don't, I'm gonna have all these boys fuck that little nigger
bitch of yours."

	"You're insane!"

	John stared at her.  Then he looked over at the boys sitting next to
Sarah.

	"Billy, Jim, why don't you feel those little black titties?"

	Anna looked over at the couch.  She heard Sarah squeal in panic as the
two boys began pawing roughly at her daughter's breasts, through her thin
blouse.

	"Stop!," Anna shouted.  She started to go to the couch, but Jason and
David grabbed her arms roughly, and held her in place.  Billy and Jim continued
to squeeze at Sarah's breasts, while she squirmed helplessly in their grasp. 
The other boys in the room were laughing loudly.

	Anna looked at John.

	"Please, please make them stop!"

	"OK, boys," John said.  He looked at Anna. 

	"Are we starting to understand each other here?"

	"Please, I'll change David's grade, I'll do it tomorrow.  Just let us
go."

	John smiled.

	"Well. now.  That's what you say now.  But then you'll go on home, and
call the cops.  So we're gonna do what I told you.  We're gonna have you on film
having your way with some young and innocent white boys.   And that's why we're
gonna have you pretend to be liking it so much.  Because if you don't do exactly
what we want, now and any time in the future, we turn that over to the police,
and get your nigger ass thrown in jail.  You know how there's no patience with
adults sexually abusing children.  How do you thing they'll like a teacher
taking advantage of her position, by abusing  some innocent young boy?"

	Anna looked over at Sarah, and then back to John.

	"You and these young thugs can take me by force, I know I can't stop
that.  But no one will ever believe that I was enjoying it!"

	"That's why you need to put on a good act.  And you will, too."

	"You really are crazy," Anna said in a quiet voice.

	"Yeah, sure.  Are you ready to get started?"  He stared at her, as he
awaited her answer.

	"Go ahead, and do what you're going to do.  But I'm not going to go
along with it willingly."

	John just stared at her.  Then he smiled. 

	"OK, fellas, strip the little nigger bitch."

	Several of the other boys joined Billy and Jim at the couch.  They
started to yank at Sarah's clothes, as she screamed.  They ripped her blouse
open, took her bra roughly in their hands, and pulled it off.  Some of the
others took her shoes and socks off, and then began pulling her jeans down to
her feet. 

	Anna was shouting incoherently, screaming at them to leave her daughter
alone.  But in just a minute, Sarah was completely nude, in front of all the
boys and the adult man.  The boys just held her, looking to John for further
orders.

	John looked at Anna again. 

	"I'm gonna ask you once more, to do what I'm telling you.  If you argue
again, I'm gonna have that little darky of yours pull a white train.  You know
what I mean?"  He waited expectantly.

	Anna felt hopeless despair.  She couldn't allow them to hurt her
daughter.  She felt tears course down her cheeks.

	"All right," she whispered.  "I'll do what you want.  Just leave my
daughter alone."

	John smiled broadly.

	"That's just fine.  These boys are gonna have a good ol' time, and you
will too.  Now take off those clothes, so we can all see what you got."

	"Please, let Sarah put her clothes back on.  And I don't want her to see
this.  Please," she pleaded with the sociopath in front of her.

	"No, I think we just better keep her in her birthday suit there.  That
way, the very first time you don't do what you're supposed to, we don't have to
waste any time in getting into her pussy.  And," he added with a malicious
smile, "I think it'll teach you a lesson to know your little bitch is seeing all
these young white boys fucking you, and you loving every minute of it.  And you
better goddamn well love it, without me having to remind you, OK?"

	Anna didn't reply. She knew she had no choice.  The room got very quiet,
except for Sarah's soft sobbing, as Anna pulled her sweather over her head.

	She heard hoarse breathing all around her.

	Anna reached behind her, and unclasped her bra.  She pulled it off.  She
heard exclamations of excitement from all the boys.  Then John reached out and
began touching her breasts.

	She hated the feel of his fingers, as they lewdly took their measure of
her.  He squeezed her breasts.  Then he began pulling on her nipples.  Anna's
skin was a medium brown, a chocolate color, but her areola and nipples were
dark, almost literally black. 

	"Hey, boys,"  John called out.  "Who wants to touch some nigger
titties?" 

	David was the first one over.  He had a smirking leer on his face, as he
began roughly kneading the dark tits of the hated teacher who was now at his
mercy.  His cock stiffened as he heard Anna's sudden gasp of pain, as he pinched
her dark nipples.  He felt an enormous sense of anticipation, as he realized his
power over her, and her complete helplessness. 

	Then he moved away, giving his friends their chances to play with their
defenseless, unresisting victim.

	Anna tried to close her mind to the realization that Sarah was watching
her humiliation. Tears were streaming down the cheeks of the African-American
woman, a woman who had always been proud of her race and heritage, and confident
in her own abilitities, confident that she controlled her own destiny in spite
of the disadvantages of a society that still discriminated on the basis of race. 
Her pride and confidence were being quickly stripped away, as quickly as the
clothes were being stripped off of her body.

	She felt hands open her jeans, and pull her pants down to her feet. 
Other hands pulled her sandals off, so she was barefoot.  Then the jeans were
gone.  Hands then pulled her panties down and off. 

	Anna heard different voices...

	"Look at that hairy black pussy."

	"Man, look at how dark that shit is!"

	There were other comments, they were all talking.  She felts hands
grabbing at her crotch, and hands spreading her ass cheeks, followed by fingers
exploring her anus. 

	She couldn't believe that she was standing helplessly naked, in front of
a bunch of racist white high school boys, some of whom were her students, as
they touched her most private places.  Anna opened her eyes.  She saw John
Alexander watching it all, with a wicked smile on his face.

	"OK, guys, we have to help Miz Washington get ready for her performance. 
Put her over the back of the couch there."

	With whoops of laughter, the boys led her over to the couch, and
positioned her stomach well over the back of the couch.  She was placed in such
a way that her breasts hung down over the back of the couch, and her ass was in
the air, open to the view of all of them.

	Anna told herself that no matter what happened, they couldn't touch her
inner core, the person she really was.

	"Now, I'm gonna show you boys how to get a woman horny, and wanting some
cock filling her hole.  You watch what I'm gonna do."

	Anna stayed put quietly, knowing she had to let John have his way with
her, just as all the boys would, too.  She had to permit it, so Sarah wouldn't
be hurt any more than she already had.

	She felt John's hands spread her cheeks wide open.  She felt his fingers
probing rudely at her exposed anus.

	"Look at that, fellas.  You think she's as dark as could be, and then
you see her nigger shit hole.  Look at how black that thing is!  Come on guys,
you want to touch it, before I start to get this bitch hot?"

	Anna felt other hands on her ass, and different fingers inserting
themselves into her anus.  Someone had moved around to the back of the couch,
and was playing with her breasts, grabbing them forcefully, and twisting
mercilessly on her nipples.  Anna shuddered at the thought that these were high
school boys who were doing this to her. 

	And at this realization, it really struck home to her that she was going
to be serving the lusts of a bunch immature high school boys.  She felt another
involuntary shudder of both fear and...somehow, also a feeling of inexplicable
anticipation, which disappeared as quickly as it had come. 

	The hands of the boys continued to explore her spread open ass,
apparently taking special delight in poking their fingers into the lewdly
exposed dark puckered anus.  She heard David's voice suddenly.

	"How do you like this, you fucking nigger cunt?"  With those words, he
thrust his finger deeply and vicously inside her anus.  She heard his laughter
as she squealed in pain.

	"OK, guys, let me show you what a slut this bitch is," John said.

	Anna felt the hands withdraw from her body. 

	Then she felt Johns' hands spread her labia open. 

	"It may be dark on the outside, but it's all pink inside boys." 

	She heard the boys' raucous laughter, as they closed in to get a closer
look at the pink insides of her vulva. 

	"OK, Anna...it is ok if I call you by your first name, isn't it, seeing
as how we're going to get to know each other so much closer?  OK, Anna, I want
you to find that pink clit of yours, and show it to all the boys here."

	Anna realized something at that moment.  John wasn't going to be
satisfied by simply blackmailing her into allowing all these teenage boys to
fuck her.  He was going to be humiliate her and degrade her in every way he
could.  This was the beginning of it.  And Anna knew she had no choice.  She was
now committed to submitting herself to whatever he had in store for her.

	She reached her hands back behind her, and spread open her labia. Her
fingers searched out her clitoris.  She carefully pulled back the protective,
concealing folds of dark flesh, and exposed her pink clitoral nodule to their
gaze.  She tried to close her mind and ears to the laughter and lewd comments
coming at her from all directions.

	"That's good, that's perfect.  Now you just hold it open, while I show
these boys what a horny slut you nigger bitches really are."  John then began to
touch her clitoris.  He gently flicked it back and forth with his index finger.
He kept doing it, gently and softly, with seemingly infinite patience.  Anna was
unaware that she was beginning to breathe loudly, so that soon she was actually
panting.  She didn't want it to be happening, but her clitoris was beginning to
send out waves of intense sensation.

	"Boys, bring the little girl over here, so she can watch her momma."

	Anna gasped at John's sadistic cruelty, but he never stopped fingering
her now ultra sensitive organ, and once again her mind could only focus on the
sensations his probing fingers were stirring.  Then he started to circle her
clitoris with his finger, around and around and around, endlessly. 

	To her shame, Anna found herself pushing her vulva against John's hand,
wanting to increase the friction and the force of his touch against her.  In
some remote corner of her mind, she knew that she was moaning, and making those
small, animalistic mewling sounds that had always turned on her previous lovers. 
Then her mind realized that her daughter was watching this display, watching her
mother moaning and writhing like some mindless slut, at the behest of the evil
white man who was so expertly probing her exposed genitals. 

	And a group of high school boys was watching as well, knowing that that
same black skinned slut would soon be available for their use. Worst of all, she
thought of what John Alexander was thinking, what delicious emotions of
satisfied revenge he must be exulting in, at his degradation of her, what
feelings of triumph as he demonstrated for his audience his control over her
body's very responses. 

	And as she thought about all this, Anna felt a surge of wanton
excitement at her mind's eye image of herself, and of what was being done to
her.  She was turned on by the awareness of the spectacle she was making for
John, and for David, and for the other boys.  And, yes, she even felt a sick
excitement at the display she was making for her daughter, too.  She moaned more
loudly, and ground her pussy more forcefully against John's hand.

	John suddenly removed his hand from her genitals.  To her shock, and the
amusement of everyone but Sarah, Anna continued to rotate her ass, as if in
response to the memory of John's touch.  She found herself moaning.  Anna needed
to be brought to completion.  It wasn't a matter of self-control, she felt an
acutal  physical need of achieving orgasm.

	"Go ahead and play with that pretty little pink thing, girl," John told
her.

	Anna closed her eyes, and began masturbating her clitoris.

	 "I have to do it," she told herself, 'I have no choice.  If I don't
they'll rape Sarah."  At least, that's what she told herself. 

	She started breathing deeply and hoarsely.  She moved her hips and
buttocks in an almost exaggerated way.  Anna really was performing for her
avidly observing tormentors.  The more she thought of them watching her, the
more aroused she became.  And aside from these strange and perverted emotions,
the physical sensations emanating from her clitoris were excruciatingly and
overpoweringly intense.

	She didn't see John signal to Jason to start filming with the video
camera he was holding.  John knew that he no longer had to try and arrange some
predetermined phony scene, in which Anna would be seen to enjoy fucking some
young white boys.  She really was going to enjoy fucking them, and she was going
to get off on being fucked by them.  All he had to do now was let things take
their natural course.  He signaled to David and to two of the other teenagers to
take their clothes off.  Anna was oblivious to it all, aware only of the feel of
her fingers touching herself.

	Sarah had been watching her mother intently.

	She had been embarrassed and humiliated as she watched her mother's
forced submission to these men.  She had also been embarrassed by the sight of
her mother's nudity in front of her tormentors.  Embarrassed, yes, but she also
felt a thrill of admiration at the mature, undeniably beautiful and exciting
sexuality of her mother's body.  Sarah even felt a twinge of envy at the obvious
excitement all the boys clearly showed as they had looked at Anna, and touched
her.  Then she watched in mortification at her mother's responsiveness to the
repulsive older Alexander.  Her mother was turned on!  "She's nothing but a
slut," Sarah thought angrily to herself.  And this is what she still thought, as
she watched Anna's ass rotating in response to her self-masturbation. 

	But Sarah was now assailed by a different, confusing swirl of emotions,
as she looked at the quickly nude white teenage boys.  She had never been in the
presence of any unclothed males, at least males who weren't infants.  She
couldn't take her eyes away from their white bodies.  Sarah couldn't help
herself from looking at their young white cocks, with their purplish bulbous
knobs.  She stared in fascination at the verticle slits at the edges of the
cocks.  She was fascinated by their hair covered balls, which looked both
pitifully vulnerable and obscenely gross at the same time.  Sarah felt a flush
of warmth betweeen her legs, as she watched the white cocks bobbing up and down,
in anticipation of what they would soon be experiencing, experiencing at her
mother's expense.  She couldn't deny to herself that what these boys had between
their legs was exciting to look at.  And she felt a sick sense of anticipation
herself in the knowledge that she would soon see those cocks in use.  She also
felt fear in looking at them, wondering what they would feel like inside a
vagina as small and tight as her own.  Sarah felt a guilty relief at the
knowledge that it would be her mother who would be the object of their lusts and
uses.

	The boys approached the couch.  David sat down to Anna's left, and one
of the other boys sat to her right.  The third boy went around to the back of
the couch, his groin right in front of Anna's face, his cock pointed like a
weapon at her.

	David began rubbing his hands over Anna's ass.  He loved the sense of
power he felt over his teacher.  Not just his teacher, but a nigger, and not
just a nigger but a nigger bitch.  She had put him down, and the whole town knew
it.  Well, now she was in his power, and he was going to enjoy every minute of
it.  He spread her cheeks widely apart, and grinned as Anna moaned.  	"Miss
Washington, what do you want me to do?" he asked in mock concern.

	Anna didn't answer.

	David lightly ran his finger around the rim of her anus, and she jerked
her ass and groaned in response.

	"Do you like that?" he asked in that same mocking tone.

	"Yes!" Anna suddenly shouted.  "Yes, please, touch my asshole, David,
please."

	Sarah and all the others saw David's cock jerk spasmodically, in
response to Anna's begging.

	"OK, Miss Washington. I'll touch you, if you touch me." 

	He took Anna's left hand, and placed it on his cock.  Anna began
stroking her hand up and down the full length of the teenager's shaft.  She
groaned again, as she felt his youthful hardness.  She loved knowing that she
was fondling the cock of the boy she had only earlier that day been in control
of, but who was now in charge of her. Anna felt herself getting even wetter as
she knew she was servicing the cock of a boy who hated her, a boy who was
reveling in the submissive fondling of her dark hand against his white cock. 

	Anna knew that David was an ignorant, spoiled and mean kid.   Somehow,
precisely because of that, she felt an intense and overwhelming lust in knowing
that she was in his power, that she had to serve him in the same ways that
female negro slaves had to serve their white masters in the days of slavery. 
She had to do whatever he wanted.  And she now wanted to do whatever he
demanded.  She felt an overpowering need to show him, to prove to him, that he
had complete power over her body. 

	David leaned over and spread Anna's cheeks open.  He leered down at her
nearly black anus, and pulled the tight opening wide.  They could all see into
Anna's dark interior, as her anus gaped open.  Holding her that way with one
hand, David inserted two of his fingers deeply into Anna's rectum.  She groaned
loudly, and began rubbing David's shaft more vigorously, up to the knob, and
down again.  She reached out with her right hand, and found the cock of the
other boy, and began masturbating him.  Then she looked at the boy in front of
her.

	"Please, let me suck your cock," she said.  That boy pushed his cock
forward, into Anna's open mouth.

	Sarah's eyes were wide, as she watched her mother.  Up to this evening,
her mother had been a proud and confident black woman, sure of herself and
making sure her daughter knew they both had reason to be proud of themselves. 
Now her mother was rubbing the gross white cocks of teenage boys in each hand,
and she had another one in her mouth!    She thought it again, her mother was a
slut.  But Sarah couldn't help envying her mother, either.  The sight of the
knobbed organs her mother was servicing with hands and mouth was exciting, even
though it was gross.  In fact, Sarah was excited by the very grossness of it. 
She was also excited, despite herself, by the evident power of the boys' cocks
over her mother.  The way her hands were stroking them, and from the loud
sucking noises she was making, she could tell how excited her mother was.

	John Alexander had come to the same unmistakable conclusion.  He turned
off the video camera.

	"OK, fellas, the nigger ovbviously needs some white cock.  Get her black
ass in the bedroom."

	Within a minute they were all in a guest bedroom located on the first
floor.  John had taken Sarah by the arm, and brought her to the room.  John went
to a dresser, and picked two lengths of clothes line.  He tossed one to David
and the other to Jason.

	"Tie her hands to the headboard."

	They pushed Anna face down on the bed.  She had a frightened look on her
face.  The two boys did as John instructed them.  John went back to the dresser. 
He walked over to the side of the bed, gently swinging a horse riding crop
against his thigh.  He kneeled down next to Anna's face.

	"A slight change of plans, nigger.  I'm going to let the boys fuck your
daughter, if agree.  Is it ok if they fuck the little slut?"

	Anna was speechless for a moment, then outraged.

	"No! You promised.  I'm doing what you wanted.  Leave Sarah alone!"

	"That was a promise to a nigger, about a nigger.  It didn't mean
anything."

	"You can't, please!  Leave my baby alone!"

	"OK, they won't fuck her, not unless you agree.  But you will agree,
because I'm gonna whip that black ass of yours until you're begging me to let
your little girl be fucked."

	And with that, he suddenly slashed the crop against Anna's ass.  She
screamed, and instinctively jerked her ass up in the air, where it made a
perfect target.  John slashed downward again, smiling.  Anna screamed again. 

	John paused.  He didn't want Anna giving in too quickly.  He had been
looking forward to this too much.  Anna was sobbing uncontrollably.  John
thought for a moment.  Then he turned to one of the boys.

 	"Billy, gag this bitch."  He thought for another moment, then smiled. 
"Go get her whelp's panties, and stuff 'em in her mouth."

	In a minute, Billy came back from the living room with Sarah's panties. 
He went up to Anna with a big smile.

	"Open up Miz Washngton."

	Anna ignored him.

	Billy looked questioningly at John.

	"Pinch her nostrils shut."

	Billy took hold of Anna's nose and closed her nostrils.  Anna started to
jerk her head back and forth, but couldn't shake loose his grasp.  Finally she
opened her mouth, and gasped a breath of air.  Billy quickly stuffed her
daughter's panties in her mouth. 

	"Now, that's better," John said.

	 The boys didn't understand what he was doing.  They thought he didn't
want Anna screaming out loud.  But what he really wanted, John thought with
satisfaction, was to avoid the nigger giving in too quickly.  He was going to
enjoy this.  And then he started in earnest.

	He began bringing the riding crop forcefully across Anna's buttocks. 
She writhed and jerked her bottom each time, accompanied by a muffled scream. 
John waited patiently until her gyrations stopped, then slashed again. 

	The boys watched raptly.  It was like something out of the old slave
South, a nigger being whipped.  It was a turn on, and all the white cocks were
not only at their full rigid length, but they were visibly throbbing. 

	Sarah was sobbing, but couldn't take her eyes away from her mother's
torture.

	And John kept smiling.  He patiently waited for Anna's agonized
contortions to cease, then slashed her again. 

	Tears were streaming down her face.   The excruciating pain was the only
reality in the world to her.  After a couple of minutes, which seemed like hours
to Anna, she realized that she was truly nothing but an object to be used by
this man and the boys around her.  She quickly realized she would end up
agreeing to do anything they wanted.  They had beaten into the ground her prior
sense of her own individuality.  She was theirs to do with what they wished. 
She would comply with whatever they demanded, and she would do so without any
argument, without any fight.  And whatever they wanted her to do, whatever
demands they made of her, she would try to comply beyond their expectations, in
order to prove her submission to them.  This pain was unbearable, but it was her
fault because she had defied Mr. Alexander (he was Mr. Alexander now, in her
thoughts), and so she had to pay this penalty.  She knew that when this was
over, she would again be turned over to the boys, and this time she wouldn't
just be masturbating them, or sucking them, she would be fucking them.  With
each slash of the crop against her ass, she wished fervently only for the
opportunity to let these boys use her, to let them use her vagina, her anus, and
her mouth. How wonderful that would be, instead of this agony she so richly
deserved!  She had been obstinant and disobediant.  She had been disrespectful
to this man who not only held her in complete contempt, but who was in total
control of her, body and soul.  How stupid she had been!

	Anna was sorry for her daughter, but her daughter would be finding out
the same truth Anna had just learned.  Sarah was going to be a tool to satisfy
whatever cruel lusts and sadistic desires these white males had.  Anna was only
sorry that the panties in her mouth prevented her from letting Mr. Alexander
know she wanted and needed to submit to him.  She tried calling out, but her
voice was completely muffled by the panties in her mouth.

	"David, Jason, grab her feet and spread those legs apart.  That's
right."

	John stared down at the now spread-eagled black woman.  Then he
viciously slashed the riding crop directly on Anna's vulva.  She screeched
through the panties, and her legs jerked so violently that the two boys had a
hard time holding her feet.

	"I think that smarted her a little, Daddy," David laughed.

	Then John hit her in the same place, two times in a row.

	"Mr. Alexander, sir, I think maybe the nigger is having trouble
breathing," one of the other boys said, his voice tentaive.

	John went to get a close look at Anna's face.  The tears were streaming
down her face, and she seemed to be gasping chokingly.  He sighed.  John
realized that the vicious beating had been taken about as far as possible.  He
didn't really want to kill her.

	"Pull those panties out of her mouth."

	Anna gasped as they were pulled out.

	"Well, do you want us to fuck your baby girl here, momma?" 

	Before he could have her gagged again, Anna hurried to reply.

	"Yes, please Mr. Alexander, just stop hurting me, please."

	"I don't understand, what do you want us to do?"

	"Please, sir, fuck her, fuck Sarah," Anna sobbed.

	In only a moment, Sarah was on her back on the bed, next to Anna.

	"David, you get first choice here.  Which one do you want to fuck
first?"

	His son looked down at the two black females.  Then, with a sense of the
sadistic that must have been genetic, he decided he would be humiliating Anna
even more by fucking her daughter, while they lay side by side.  He didn't know
that Anna was beyond humiliation or degradation, and that she only wanted to be
used by them for their pleasure.

	David started to get down between Sarah's legs.

	"Wait, boy.  I want you to do to her, what I did to her momma.  I want
you to find that little pink thing between her legs, and play with it till the
little nigger wants to be fucked.  That's the way to teach her what a slut she
is, just like her momma."

	David grinned.

	"Sure, Daddy."

	"Hey guys, would you pull this little slut's legs back for me?" David
called out. 

	One of the boys, Jim, climbed on the bed and straddled Sarah's face.  He
pulled her legs back, so that her knees were almost to her chest.  Sarah found
herself staring up at a close up of what had fascinated her all evening, a white
boy's stiffened cock, sprouting out rigidly from a thatch of blond pubic hair. 
His testicles were dangling down right in front of her, actually grazing her
face as he moved.  But she quickly had her attention refocused to between her
legs, as David's search for her clitoris was successful.

	Sarah was now experiencing what she had seen her mother reacting to, as
for the first time in her life she felt male fingers exploring and probing her
incredibly sensitive nodule.  Her eyes widened in shock as waves of pure,
intense physical sensations began flooding her still virgin pussy.

	At the same time, Jason had gotten behind Anna.  He had quickly lifted
her to her knees, elevating her dark ass.  No one bothered to untie her hands,
and Anna didn't care.  She felt Jason's knob pressing against her wet vagina,
and then she felt the young, hard shaft push all the way into her moist depth. 
This was what Anna had been waiting for, ever since John had manipulated her to
near orgasm, back on the couch.  Anna pictured the sight to herself:  a lusting
white teenager, thrusting his cock inside the helpless nigger bitch - and yes,
it was not only "Mr. Alexander, sir," now, but she also now saw herself as a
helpless nigger bitch under the complete domination of these powerful, superior
white males.  The fact that it was a sixteen year old boy who was fucking her,
while she was tied to the bed, added a thrill to her ravishment and defilement.

	But they didn't realize she wasn't completely helpless, after all.  She
could respond to what they did to her, she had the ability to demonstrate her
acceptance of their domination, beyond anything they anticipated.  She could,
and would, consciously choose to participate in her degradation.  They wanted to
treat her like a whore, but she would respond in ways they wouldn't expect.  So
Anna began rotating her ass, and pushing it backward to meet the thrusting penis
embedded inside her.

	"Please, play with my tits.  I want to feel your strong hands on them,"
she asked Jason in a pleading tone.

	"God damn," Jason muttered, as he reached down under his prone victim,
and snaked his fingers around her soft, dark tits.  He tightened his grasp and
relaxed it, tightened and relaxed, as Anna loudly groaned.

	"That's it, thank you, my God, your cock's so big, your hands feel so
good," Anna moaned. 

	She almost smiled, then, as she felt the boy respond to her words and to
her still rotating ass, by speeding up his thrusts inside her.

	Next to her, Sarah was making noises too.  David's fingers were
producing magic intensity between her legs, feelings she had never experienced
before, and never even dreamed possible.  The fourteen year old virgin was
unconsciously thrusting her vulva forward to meet the teasing fingers which were
now pulling on the small pink nodule at the center of sexuality.  She was
moaning, and moving her head back and forth.  This in turn was teasing the cock
and balls of Jim, and he pushed his groin down against the young girl's face. 
Sarah breathed deeply, inhaling the lust scent of the male genitals pressed
against her face. 

	Jim grunted, and then repositioned himself, so that his asshole was
directly over the young girl's nose and mouth.  Sarah inhaled again, breathing
in the combined odors of the precum oozing from the white cock, the sweat from
his balls, and the stale of odor of feces from his anus and rectum.  The
combination of the odors assailing her nostrils and the almost unendurable
sensations coming from between her legs was overwhelming the nervous system of
the inexperienced young girl.  She didn't understand what was happening to her;
she didn't know that she was ready to be brought to her first sexual climax. 
She needed to be fucked.  And it was now about to happen.

	David got up, and kneeled between her legs.  He felt an awesome sense of
power and domination over the black girl laying underneath him.  He looked over
at Anna and Jason, and had a thought.

	"Jim, untie that cunt's hands."

	In a few moments, Jim had untied Anna's hands.  Sarah continued to moan
and grind her pelvis, still not understanding what she needed, and what was
about to happen.

	David reached over and slapped Anna soundly on her ass, causing her to
squeal from the raw sensations of her buttocks.

	"Hey, bitch, reach over and play with these titties over here," David
said.

	 There were gasps from some of the boys watching all the action, and
laughter from some of the others.

	Anna realized this was another opportunity to prove her submission to
all of them.  She knew it was an opportunity to exceed their expectations, and
to surprise them by the extent of her surrender.  She reached over with her left
hand and began rubbing Sarah's left tit.  Sarah groaned, and then arched her
back as Anna began gently pulling on her daughter's taut nipple.  Anna began
rubbing Sarah's nipple between her thumb and forefinger, eliciting lewd and
pitiful moans from her daughter. 

	Everyone was watching in stunned, avid silence, unable to take their
eyes off the the mother's perverted, enthusiastic teasing of her daughter's
breast.  At first they were turned on by Anna being forced to engage in
incestuous perversion with her own child.  Now they were shocked by her willing
compliance in the perversion. And then, Anna went even further.  She leaned
over, while still being pummled by Jason's cock, and she began sucking on
Sarah's nipple. 

	Sarah cried out wordlessly, and arched her back again.  Without warning,
David thrust his throbbing cock into the tight virginal opening of the the
fourteen year old girl.  She squealed at the initial pain of his entry, but
then, eyes widened further than ever, she began moving in response to the
fullness of the organ that was exploring her pussy, filling it with its'
wonderful, satisfying hardness.  David exulted in the power he felt, as he
thrust inside the black girl, and as he watched Anna continuing to suck on the
girl's nipple.  David then reached down with his fingers and began playing with
Sarah's clitoris.  She began screaming, and thrusting her pelvis, in response to
the sensations overwhelming her

	.  At the same time, Jason, watching David, began teasing Anna's
clitoris.  Both mother and daughter were now crying out, screaming, moaning,
grinding their hips in repsonse to the invading white cocks. 

	Then they both came, mother and daughter, at the same time, screaming
out, while the two white teenagers emptied their aching, powerful balls into the
pussies of  the two black females.

	What followed, after the raucous laughter and whooping finally subsided,
was pretty much a normal gang bang. 

	Every boy ended up fucking both Anna and Sarah.  Some of them took the
women - no one regarded Sarah as a child any longer - in the vaginas, others in
the mouth, and still others in their anuses.  A couple of the boys ended up
getting off three times, and Jason impressed everyone, Anna and Sarah not least,
by ejaculating four times, twice in each of them.

	There was one exception to the typical gang bang scenario, however. 
John Alexander, who didn't participate actively, insisted that prior to
penetration, now matter which hole the cock would be invading, the women's
clitorises had to be played with and teased, until the women were on the verge
of orgasm. 

	Both Anna and Sarah achieved orgasm over and over and over.

	After several hours, around midnight, it was all over. 

	The boys left, exhausted but satiated.

	 If they were exhausted, Anna and Sarah could hardly move.  The
multiple, cascading climaxes, in addition to the intensive physical poundings
they had taken, left both of them laying wordlessly on the bed, next to each. 
The bed, and the mother and daughter, reeked of both male and female sex smells.

	"OK, ladies, get up and follow me," John ordered Anna and Sarah, with
mock gallantry.  He went upstairs, and the pair followed him slowly.

	He led them into a luxuriously appointed and furnished bedroom.   He
pointed towards a dressing area.

	"On through there is a bathroom.  You took take a shower.  Take a good
one."  He smiled. "You two got a lot of cleaning up to do.  Also, there's a
douche bag thing in there.  Make sure you rinse out your insides real good.  Go
ahead now, get in there."

	Anna and Sarah went into the bathroom.  John followed. 

	"I want both of you in that shower now."

	Anna and Sarah were listless, and quietly stepped into the large shower
enclosure.  John turned on the shower, and blasted them with shockingly cold
water.   He laughed as they both screamed and jumped, and tried to get out of
the way of the direction of the water.

	"Hey, stay there goddamit!  I don't want you two falling asleep."

	After about two minutes of subjecting the now shivering, shaking females
to the ice cold water, John adjusted the temperature to a warmer level.

	"OK, now get your asses cleaned up."

	John stood there, watching the two of them.

	Before starting to take their showers, Anna suddenly put her arms around
Sarah, and the two women hugged and held each other silently.  Then they
proceeded to get clean.  Anna showed Sarah how to douche herself.  When they
were finished in the shower, both women felt somewhat refreshed and more alert.

	Anna turned around, ready to turn the water off.

	"Wait."   Anna turned at the sound of John's voice.  He was standing
there.  He was nude.

	Anna looked at him.  He had a beer gut, but his body was thick
everywhere, and appeared to have a lot of muscle under the fat.  His chest was
thickly matted with gray and black hair.  His pubic area was hairy, with the
same combination of gray and black hair.  His cock was uncircumsized, and
semi-erect. 

	"Make some room there," he said, and stepped into the shower with the
two women.

	"Now, I want the two of you to wash me.  You," he said to Sarah, "I want
you to wash my cock and my balls.  And you better be gentle.  And you momma,
first you can wash my feet, and get between the toes.  Then I want you to wash
out my asshole.  And you better be gentle, too."

	 Exulting in the complete power he had over them, John's cock stiffened
to hardness, even before being touched.  He felt that he was a slave master,
with two female nigger slaves, mother and daughter, who had to do his bidding,
no matter how degrading or dehumanizing. 

	Anna knew that she should hate him.  He had orchestrated the whole
evening, the gang rape of her, and of her daughter too, an innocent fourteen
year old child.  He had permitted the incest between mother and daughter.  Above
all, it had been his sick genius to insist that the two women be demeaned by
being sexually teased to climax, over and over, thus compelled to participate in
their own degradation.  She should hate him, if not for what she had been
subjected to, certainly for what her daughter had undergone. 

	But that's not what Anna felt, not at all.  Anna felt - impossibly, it
seemed to her - that flush of warmth between her legs, knowing that she and her
daughter would be touching the body of this sadistic racist.  She felt an
intense turn on that she and her daughter, her child of a daughter, would be
cleaning his body, touching all his private parts, because he was ordering them
to do so.  She felt a rush of sexual excitement, that she had another
opportunity to show him how completely he dominated her, how completely she was
submitting to his total control.  Anna felt herself beginning to get wet between
her legs.  She was astonished that the thought of getting down at this man's
feet, and touching them, and putting her fingers between his toes, all of that
was as exciting to her as the act of fucking itself. 

	John put one of his feet on a seat at the back of the shower enclosure. 
That would make it easier for Anna to kneel, and wash his feet, but that wasn't
his reason for doing it.  He would now be able to see her efforts better.  At
the same, and his cock bobbed up and down at the thought, his cock and balls
were now more exposed to the nigger child who would be touching them.

	Anna took the bar of soap from its' holder.  She began rubbing it
through the thick black bush at the juncture of her thighs, which quickly
lathered up.  Then Anna kneeled down.  The very act of kneeling excited her. 
She was performing an obeisance for this man who had mastered her.  Anna reached
between her legs, and gathered soap on her fingers.  She gently lifted John's
large toe, and rubbed the soap all over it.  She repeated the process with his
other toes.  She felt her heart beating in excitement as she continued to clean
this man's foot and toes.  Anna especially loved rubbing her fingers in between
the toes.  When she was done, she gathered water in her hands, and rinsed his
foot off. 

	Anna's mind and imagination seemed to be accelerating, as one action and
one thought led to another.  She lifted John's foot, and began kissing his toes. 
She licked between them, one after the other.  She took the large toe, and put
it in her mouth.  She began sucking and licking it.  Anna's vulva was
lubricating itself.  She heard John breathing heavily through his mouth.

	Anna looked up at him.

	"Mr. Alexander, may I wash your other foot now?" 

	She exulted inwardly at the submissive tone of her voice.  Anna knew
that it would have an effect on the man who was in control of her.  Yes, he was
in control of her, but he was also responsive to her own submissiveness.  She
realized that in some strange way, the control was a two way street.  There was
power to be found within her abject surrender.  Every time John Alexander felt a
rush of triumph, every time he exulted in his revenge over Anna, she was in a
real sense causing those emotions.  Through her degradation and submission to
him, she was controlling the course of his thoughts and emotions, as much as he
was in complete and total dominion of her body.

	"Yeah," he replied hoarsely.  "Go ahead.  And when you're done washing
it, kiss it, and suck my toes.  You're learning how to be a pretty good nigger."

	He took the one foot down from the seat, and put the other one on it. 
Anna began washing it.

	Meanwhile, her daughter had been washing John's cock.

	At first, she found the sight of his uncircumcized penis repulsive.  All
of the teenage boys who had fucked her that night, and whose cocks she had taken
in her mouth, had all been circumcized.  It had been the sight of the rounded
knobs at the end of their organs that had excited her from the first moment she
saw them.  But the fleshy hood covering Mr. Alexander's cock looked disgusting. 
It was also somehow frightening.  She felt as if what lurked hidden away within
it would be different than the cocks whose knobs were visibly displayed.  But
she knew she had to do what he had ordered. 

	Sarah hadn't been tortured the way her mother had, so she didn't yet
understand the exquisite pleasure of submitting, after being the helpless victim
of sadistically applied pain.

	Sarah had carefully and gently pulled back the foreskin of Mr.
Alexander's cock.  It had stiffened to complete, pulsating rigidity as her
young, delicate black fingers softly pulled the skin up, and then back,
revealing his wet, slick knob.  Sarah felt that strange and exciting wetness
start between her legs again.  The sight of the bulbous, leaking knob was as
beautifully obscene as the boys' had been.  It was even better, she thought,
because it was hidden, and needed to be discovered within its' concealing flesh. 
She rubbed her fingers around the head.  She placed her index finger on his
slit, and rubbed it gently.  Sarah felt his cock continuously moving in response
to the touch of her fingers.  She understood that having him force her to do
this was a sexual assault against her.  But at the same time, she was
controlling his cock, by touching it, and making it feel good.  She looked down
at her mother, washing between Mr. Alexander's toes.  Sarah felt lucky, that she
had been assigned his penis.  She looked at the cock she was touching.  She
didn't understand why, but she knew it was both obscenely disgusting, and quite
beautiful, the most beautiful and exciting object she had ever looked at, or
touched.   Sarah bent down, and put her mouth over the knob.  She ran her tongue
around it, loving the salty taste of its' wet slickness. 

	John reached down, and pulled her head back from his cock.  He was ready
to ejaculate just from the knowledge that he had proven to himself that he had
the power to take a fourteen year old virgin, and turn her into a cock loving
slut.  Of course, he thought, that was possible only because she was a nigger,
but it was still a teriffic power to have over another human being.

	"Not yet," he said.  "You go ahead and wash it.  If you're a good little
nigger, I'll let you have it soon."

	Sarah felt disappointment, but she complied.  She got soap on a wash
cloth, and began washing his penis.

	John continued to exult at his domination over the two colored females,
as they tended to his body.  The child was washing his cock, and the mother was
at his feet.  They had both been humbled, had both learned their proper place in
relationship to whites, especially to the white man.  God had intended them to
be the white man's whores, they were made for it, and these two were proving it
was their natural place.

	 It was time to have them in his bed.  His cock throbbed almost
painfully, as he anticipated having these two serve him in his bed, at the same
time.  He had been doing a lot of creative thinking while he had watched the two
of them being gang fucked by his son, and the other white teenagers.  Now it was
time for the two of them to service a single white man, simultaneously.

	"OK, time to finish up here.  You two get out, and dry off.  Then go lay
down in my bed." 

	It never occurred to him that they might run off, and try to escape
while he finished rinsing off.  It never occurred to the mother or daughter,
either.  They got out and began drying themselves off, while John finished his
shower.

	Anna and Sarah went into the bedroom.

	 They both had an excruciatingly intense feeling of anticipation, as
they climbed in bed, and got under the covers.  They waited for Mr. Alexander to
finish in the bathroom, and join them. 

	Anna's desire was intense.  She had never felt as alive, had never felt
that everything and anything was possible.  She assumed that Mr. Alexander
wanted to fuck them, and wanted them to do the usual things to him that a man
with helpless women could be expected to demand.  But Anna wanted to go beyond
that.  She couldn't imagine anything that she wouldn't be willing to do, or be
willing to try.  Her independence, her freedom to control her own actions had
been stripped from her, along with her dignity and pride.  She felt an intensely
exquisite excitement, though, because the flip side of that was that she was
really free to do anything at all.  Nothing she did, or had done to her, was her
fault.   She was being forced to submit.  She wanted to submit.  All her
freedoms but one had been ripped away from her, all but the freedom to submit
and surrender.  But that one freedom encompassed everything it was possible for
a woman to do, or have done to her.

	And then, John Alexander was there.  He stood there, looking down at the
bed, and the two females under the covers.  He got even more excited than if
they had been on top of the covers, because now his imagingation added fuel to
the flame of his lust.  He looked down at them, knowing that both dark female
bodies were nude under the covers, nude and available for whatever he desired. 
He already knew the first thing he wanted done.  He reached down, and pulled the
covers down to the foot of the bed.

	"OK, it's my turn now.  You gals do what I want, and we'll all have a
good time."  He paused and looked at them.  "You give me any shit and, well, I
would enjoy putting my horse whip to those black asses."

	He smiled.

	"Momma, I want you to get between your little girl's legs.  Spread her
legs wide, and start playing with her pussy."

	Anna looked back at him wordlessly for a moment, before replying.  She
kept the surge of excitement and lust off her face.

	"Yes sir." 

	She got down between Sarah's legs.  Anna pushed them wide apart, and
then pushed her daughter's feet up so that her heels were close to her ass. 
Anna loved her daughter, but nothing could or would stop her from obeying Mr.
Alexander's orders.  Anna knew she was his property, subject to his whims and
desires.  That made Sarah his property, as well.  But Anna also remembered how
Sarah had been sexually teased by the teenage boys, not just teased, but
successfully so.  So successfully that her young, previously innocent daughter
had climaxed repeatedly, had moaned, and groaned, had cried out and even
screamed, like a lust driven young whore.  Yes, Anna thought, she would obey Mr.
Alexander, and she would do it with enthusiasm and dedication.  And, with a
slight sadness in the back of her mind, she knew that after the way her daughter
had been changed by the night's events, Sarah wouldn't mind.  No, she wouldn't
mind at all.  And then Anna bent down between her daughter's legs.

	Anna parted Sarah's labia.  She began rubbing her right index finger up
and down her daughter's center groove.  Her daughter had been energetically used
between her legs during the night, but that didn't prevent her from groaning at
the touch of her mother's hands, and probing finger.  Anna continued rubbing her
daughter.  She saw Mr. Alexander lay down beside Sarah, for a moment just
looking down at her face, enjoying the grimace induced by Anna's masturbation of
her.

	He put his hand on the girl's breast, and began rubbing it.  She moaned
even louder, at the combined sensations coming to her from between her legs and
her breast.  Mr. Alexander leaned down, and began sucking noisily at her nipple. 
He would have considered this perverted, sucking at the tit of a fourteen year
old girl, but, he told himself, this was a nigger.  She was made to be used.  He
was aroused by the sluttish response coming from someone her age, and also by
the dark color of her areola and nipple.  He was further aroused by the way the
young darkie's nipple had stiffened, and had become a tight, rigid bud between
his sucking lips. 

	Anna saw Mr. Alexander sucking at her daughter's tit.  She saw him
remove his lips, and take the taut nipple between his teeth, and gently pull it
out, as far as it would go.  She heard Sarah's soft cry of pleasure, and at the
same time felt her daughter's juices begin flowing underneath her finger.  She
wanted to excite her even further.  Without understanding her feeling, it was
important for Anna to see that her daughter was degraded to the maximum extent
possible.  Anna felt her own juices flowing, as she saw an opportunity to bring
Sarah to the point of needing their master's white cock inside her, and at the
same time increasing Mr. Alexander's sense of domination, as he felt Sarah's
response while he was sucking at her tit.

	So Anna searched out Sarah's clitoris.  She pulled back the protective,
concealing flesh surrounding it, and began circling it with her finger.  Sarah
arched her whole body, almost dislodging the mouth at her tit.  Anna started
licking Sarah's wet groove, continuing to tease her clitoris.  She then reached
down with her left index finger, found her daughter's tight anus, tight but
somewhat stretched from the two white teenage cocks which had fucked her in the
ass, and ejaculated inside her rectum.  During the shower Anna had even made
sure she used the douch in Sarah's anus.  Anna pushed her finger into the still
tight anus.  She rotated her finger around the inside of her Sarah's rectum. 
She continued to tease her clitoris, but now put her mouth against Sarah's
groove, and began lapping at it with her tonuge.  	Sarah was now moaning
inarticulately, and thrusting her pussy forward to meet her mother's mouth and
fingers.  The combined sensations coming from her tit, her clitoris, her pussy
and her anus, were driving her wild.  The fourteen year old girl's body was on
sensory overload, as the two adults continued to tease her and toy with her.

	John suddenly got up on his knees.

	"Get behind me, " he said to Anna.  He moved down between Sarah's legs. 

	"Take my cock, and stick it in your little girl."

	Anna positioned herself behind him. She felt a pulsating sensation
between her legs.  She knew that the racist white man was demonstrating his
absolute control of her, by making her help him fuck her own daughter.  Anna
wanted nothing more than to abase herself, so much so, that her fingers trembled
as she touched his cock for the first time.  She guided the thick, pulsating
organ into her daughter's vagina.  Anna knelt there, right behind the ass of Mr.
Alexander.  She drank in the sight of his white cock moving in and almost out of
Sarah's body.  Anna was turned on by the contrast between his light complexioned
penis, and Sarah's dark vulva,  as her tight, still childish vagina surrounded
the cock embedded in her.

	"OK," John said hoarsely.  "Now I want you to put your tongue in my
asshole.  Way, deep inside.  And when you're sniffing the smell of my asshole,
and tasting it, I want you to remember how you thought you could stand up to me.

	Anna shuddered at the apparently limitless degradation he wanted her to
submit to.  She shuddered in shock at his audacity, and at the excitement she
felt at having to submit to him. 

	She moved up to his ass.  She spread his cheeks, exposing his brown,
wrinkled anus.  Anna was sorry that he had just showered, but determined to
herself that she would explore his rectum as deeply as she could.  Anna put
fingers on both sides of his anus, and she gently pulled the skin apart, so that
his asshole was now a true, open hole, revealing the dark interior of his
rectum.  Anna shuddered again, at the thought that she was going to put her
tongue inside this stinking asshole, the hole out of which this sadistic white
racist passed his shit every day.  She put her tongue inside him.  Anna began
rotating her tongue around the inside of his ass, holding on firmly to his fat
white cheeks, as he continued to fuck Sarah. 

	John Alexander was in a racist's heaven.  He was fucking the young
nigger daughter of a woman who was simultaneously licking the inside of his ass.
And the one eating out his asshole was an uppity bitch, one who was finally
learning her place.   He felt his cock get harder, as he thought about his
control over the two of them.  He felt Anna begin to tickle his balls, as she
continued to lick the sides and interior of his rectum.

	"Hey, get that mouth out of my ass.  Get up here by your little bitch." 
He was too close to ejaculating, and he wanted to make sure the little slut also
came.

	Anna reluctantly pulled her tongue out of his ass.  She had been turned
on by the smell and taste of Mr. Alexander's asshole.  She moved next to her
daughter. 

	The man was still pumping away inside her daughter.

	"Now, what I want you to do is this," he said, while never ceasing his
methodical thrusts into Sarah.  "I want you to french her.  I want to make sure
she tastes my asshole on your tongue.  And while you're doing that, I want you
to play with her clit.  You and me, we're gonna drive the fucking little cunt
out of her mind."

	Anna leaned her face down to Sarah's, and pushed her tongue, gently but
firmly inside her daughter's mouth.  She rotated her tongue around Sarah's, and
felt Sarah start to reciprocate.  Their tongues wetly and thickly circled and
massaged each other. 

	Then Anna searched out the tiny, stiffened clitoris between her
daughter's legs.  She began manipulating it, doing to it the things that made
Anna's own clitoris drive her to excruciating sensitivity. 

	Sarah's tongue began moving almost frantically against her mother's. 
The mulitple sensations were overwhelmingly intense, as she responded
frenetically to the feel of her mother's fingers on her clitoris, to the thick,
velvety sensation of Anna's tongue in her mouth, and, not least, the the
pounding hardness of Mr. Alexander's cock inside her vagina. 

	She had reached the point of uncontrollable intensity.  Sarah begun
thrusting her small pelvis to meet both the cock inside her and Anna's fingers
against her clitoris.  She moaned and cried out from deep in her throat, around
the two tongues massaging themselves in her mouth.  John Alexander heard and
felt the fourteen year old's orgasm, and began thrusting into her as hard as he
could, emptying his balls inside the young black girl, as she came with him.  He
looked down in trimuph at Sarah and Anna, and then pulled himself out of the
girl.  He lay down on his back.

	"OK, lick my cock clean, both of you."

	Anna helped her overwhelmed daughter sit up.  They both positioned
themselves above Mr. Alexander's groin.

	"You suck this, baby," Anna said, and she put her her fingers on the
man's knob.

	Sarah put her mouth on the head of the wet, slimy cock, and began
sucking it.  Anna started licking up and down the equally wet shaft, first the
underside, then the other. 

	John lay there, exulting in the sounds the mouths of the two black
females were making, as they sucked him clean.  He smiled, as he felt himself
start to get hard again.  It had been years since he had gotten rigid so soon
after fucking.  He felt that his cock was about two feet long, because of his
complete power over the two nigger sluts at his mercy.  After a couple of
glorious minutes of having his cock sucked, he was ready again.  He knew he
might not have enough jism to come again, but he was hard enough to demonstrate
to Anna his power over her.  He slapped Anna on the ass.

	"Get over here, on your hands and knees.  I've been waiting all night to
fuck your nigger ass."

	Anna got on her hands and knees, as he positioned himself behind her. 
His rigid cock was pointed at her bottom, looking like an obscene weapon.  He
put Sarah's hand on it.  He then spread Anna's cheeks, exposing her dark anus. 

	"Go ahead, girl, put this in your momma's asshole."

	Sarah loved the feel of the white cock in her small hand.  She guided it
into her mother's anus.  John fucked Anna, and kept fucking her.  Because he had
no need to come, he did use his cock as a weapon inside the woman he hated, and
who was now so contemptibly and abjectly serving his every desire and whim.  He
pounded it inside her as hard as he could, revelling in the sounds Anna was
making.  She was grunting in pain every time he viciously thrust as far as he
could go into her depths.  He alternated the hard, deep thrusts, with rapid
thrusts.  He was also turned on by Anna's tits, hanging and swaying lewdly, as
the force of his pounding cock moved her body.  He enjoyed watching the large,
dark tits rapidly bouncing in response to his quick rhythmic pounding.  All the
while, as he thrust his cock into the woman's anus, he was reaching underneath,
painfully squeezing her tits, eliciting more groans from the helpsess Anna. 
Hard thrusts for awhile, alternated with repeatedly fast ones, John Alexander
gave Anna's asshole and rectum a painful workout.  He decided to increase her
degradation.

	"Girl," (John had yet to call either victim by her first name), play
with your momm's little pink thing.  Let's make her moan, some."

	Sarah got underneath her mother, and found Anna's clitoris.  She began
teasing it, circling it with her fingers, pulling on it, flicking her fingers
back and forth against it.  Anna was soon moaning in combined pain and ecstasy.

	Her submission to the man behind her went on and on...

	John finally tired of sodomizing her,but not before Anna had an orgasm
from Sarah's now expert manipulation of her mother's clitoris.  John lay down
for awhile, to get his second wind.

	When he felt ready to resume his abuse of the two females, he had them
assume the sixty-nine position, with Anna on top.  As John watched them eat each
other's pussies, especially young Sarah's tongue working her mother's genitals,
he became aroused once more.  He fucked Sarah in the mouth, ejaculatiing more
copiously than he would have thought possible for a second time within a couple
of hours.  He made Sarah swallow all of it.

	As all three lay in bed, he called out to loudly to his son, whose room
was down the hall.

	David opened the door, and grinned lasciviously at the sight of the
three of them laying in bed.

	John patted the asses of both Anna and Sarah.

	"You two get going, now.  I promised David he could have you the rest of
the night.  Go on now."

	Anna and Sarah tiredly and dociley followed the teenager to his bedroom. 
John heard his son's bedroom door slam.  He grinned, as he thought of what the
rest of the night would be like for the two niggers.  His son hated Anna, and he
had a mean streak under the best of circumstances.  John almost felt sympathy
for her.  He also remembered the way David had already taken little Sarah in her
asshole earlier in the evening, and how he couldn't seem to keep his eyes off
the little darky.  Oh yes, they were going to have an interesting time,
servicing his son's demanding requirements.

	John Alexander lay there, in quiet contentment.  It had gone much better
than he had dreamed possible.  All he had wanted was to bend Anna the teacher to
his will.  Instead he had totally subjugated Anna the woman.  He made her
complicit in her own daughter's gang rape.  He made Anna commit incest with her
daughter.  John knew that there was nothing he couldn't do with Anna and Sarah. 
What he had subjected the two of them to tonight had been exhilerating and
intoxicating.  He couldn't walk away from it.  He wouldn't walk away from it. 
He lay there, thinking about the possibilities.

	Suddenly he felt a throbbing in his cock, as he thought of Jimbo's Bar. 
It was a nearby hang out for a group of real rednecks.  The clientele was very
rough trade, indeed.  There were Confederate flags all over the walls, and John
would bet that you couldn't find one out of ten of the vehicles in the gravel
parking lot that didn't have a Confederate insignia on it.  The customer's hated
liberals, they hated northerners and, most of all, they most surely hated
niggers.  John's heart skipped a beat, as he imagined how it would be to walk in
with Anna and Sarah to Jimbo's tomorrow night, a Saturday night, well after the
customers were already well liquored, and then to offer the bodies of the two
women to whoever wanted them.

	"My god," he chortled to himself, "it would be a feeding frenzy!"  They
might hate niggers, but they wouldn't hesitate to fuck them, and to use every
hole they had.  The petite Sarah would do a lot of quick growning up, even
faster than tonight, he thought. 

	Then there was Ruby's whorehouse, where you could get women of every
color, and, if one had sufficient money, you could buy any kind of action you
wanted.  Any kind, at all.  A small, young colored girl like, Sarah, well she
could be a real money maker.  And then, what if word of mouth got around about a
nigger mother/daughter team, in which the mother was an uppity, college educated
carpetbagger from the north?

	Then there was Curtis Wayne LeBeau, a prominent local politician who had
gotten national press coverage, for his popularity despite (or because of) his
membership in the local neo-Nazi party.  John knew that LeBeau had a known taste
for dark flesh, despite the official pronouncements about total separation of
the races.  It would score an awful lot of points to provide Anna and Sarah for
LeBeau's unlimited and unfettered "personal" use.

	John Alexander considered, and savored, the possiblities.  He continued
to savor them, as he gradually fell asleep, a smile of fulfillment and
satisfaction on his face.

	Down the hall, behind closed doors, David was straddling Anna's face,
emptying his balls into her mouth.  He smilingly watched her mouth and throat
work, as she swallowed the contents ejaculated out of the end of his cock.  She
loved the way the boy had so forcefully, so masterfully, fucked her in the
mouth.  He was in command, and she was excited that she was helping him know
that.  She hoped he would have energy left for her, after he was done with
whatever he planned next with Sarah. 

	Anna knew she was going to regret the end of this evening...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike B


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





