BDSM Library - Conjugal Visits




Conjugal Visits
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man convicted and sent to prison. The evil warden dreams up a particularly nasty way for him, or rather, his wife, to work off his term....
Conjugal Visit
A story by Rich Humus

"Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee........"  The shrill scream rang in
my ears and echoed down the hard corridor, seeping into every crevice and corner
of the place. I tried to close my ears to it, but the knowledge and the memory
fought its way into my consciousness. I pounded my fists in to the hard cot
below me in frustration and anger as the screams rebounded down the long
hallway, but there was no way to silence them. And I was the cause of them.

It had all started a few weeks ago. Federal marshals escorted me to Graingerford
Federal Penitentiary, where I had been sentenced to 10 years. I had been found
guilty of embezzlement from my former employer, and to tell the truth, I was
guilty. The old hatchet-face who ran the company barely kept his employees alive
and tried every trick in the book to cheat them himself, but I suppose my
attempt at retribution was no better. That's not the point. The point was, as I
kept reminding myself, that I had 10 years to serve out my sentence, and then
we'd have to start over. We being my wife Denise and I. No kids. No time for
them. She was a fairly successful marketing consultant. Luckily, we'd had enough
put away for her to keep the house and support herself while I was in prison.

I remember the long drive to Graingerford. She wasn't allowed in the government
car, but had followed us all the way there, and was allowed to accompany me as I
was processed though the paperwork and was presented to the warden. Warden
Jackson. Somehow I mistrusted the sunuvabitch as soon as I saw him. Corpulent,
wearing ill fitting clothes and reeking of garlic and bad food, he seemed little
better than the 3500 convicts he oversaw.

"Well, mistah Palmer, ah see you have brought the lovely Mrs. Palmer along to
say your last goodbye's", he almost cackled as us, winking and leering at me
through his grimy glasses. I watched him look her up and down. It wasn't the
first time I'd seen men mentally raping my wife. She's a stunning woman, almost
5'10" tall, with a lovely 36C-24-35 figure. She knows she looks good, and
doesn't hesitate to trade that off for power and authority. She always wore
short dresses or skirts to show off her legs, and sometimes I thought her
blouses were just a little bit too sheer, or unbuttoned just a little too low,
but never said anything. Hell, I enjoyed looking myself.

She drew herself up to her full height and returned his stare. Her icy gaze
seemed to deflate the pompous ass for a moment, but then he recovered and turned
back to me.

"Men in this facility do not have it easy, Mistah Palmer. Although there ah some
'white collar' crim'nals, such as yourself, he-ayh, a vast majority of the men
here are serving longer sentances for far more violent crimes and ugly crimes -
rape, murder, sexual assault, robbery, car theft..as we all know, the federal
budget for incarcerations has grown through the years, but so many people ah
being found guilty, why, there just isn't enough space for them all...and you
know how no one wants a prison in their back yard, now do they?"

"I'm given a fairly free hand in how I run this place. We've had very few
escapes. And most of them didn't survive the night, ah'm sorry to report. My
guards are all hand picked. They know how to handle men like you, or even men
like Mr. Jonas here," he said, gesturing behind us. I turned to see the largest,
meanest looking black man I'd ever set eyes on. He was at least 6' 8" tall, and
probably weighed 350 pounds if he weighed an ounce. He had three pairs of
shackles around his wrists, and two around both ankles. It was clear they wanted
no trouble out of this guy.

"Tell Mistah Palmer what you're in here for, Mistah Jonas", the warden said,
almost gleefully.

Several seconds went by before the black giant rumbled to life.

"Double murder and rape."

I heard Denise gasp below her breath.

"How many rapes, Mistah Jonas?"

....."Seventeen."

Another gasp, and I saw Denise's skin get a shade paler.

"And how long are you going to be one of our guests, Mistah Jonas?" Jackson
countered.

"Life. Plus 20 years."

"So you see, mistah Palmer," he said, turning back to me and waving the guards
and Jonas away, "We have all kinds of 'gentlemen' here. Most are, truthfully,
little more than animals. If you would not like to become the 'friend' of mistah
Jonas, or other creatures like him, I'd suggest you do your time peacefully,
cooperate with all of us who run the facility, and keep your nose clean.  Have
him processed." He finished curtly, waving us out of his office as he'd done
with Jonas.

Several hours later, paperwork processed and final arrangement made, I hugged
Denise tightly, unashamedly in front of the guards, and whispered in her ear.

"I love you honey. Please try to have a life while I'm here...." I choked up,
unable to say anymore. She looked at me with her endless blue eyes.

"I love you too, honey. Be careful. I'll be back soon - as soon as a visiting
day comes."

With that, and a brief touch of hands, the guards hustled me away and through
the first of several series of clanging and banging doors until I found myself
in my new address. Level 4, Block 8, Cell 26. Somehow, I'd gotten a cell with a
small, 6 inch window in it. I stood on the cot and looked out. I had a view of
the prison gate, and had to choke back a mixture of anger and sadness as I
watched Jackson escort my wife back to her car. He leaned down into her window
as she started to pull away, spoke what looked like a few words to her, then
stood and watched her drive off, as I did. I watched long after her car was too
far away to see.

The next few weeks seemed to drag on. Prison life is indescribable to someone
who's not experienced it. I see now why some men prefer death. The constant
yelling and taunting, the horrible food, the sanitary facilities, all seemed
like something out of a bad remake of Cool Hand Luke. I half expected Strother
Martin to come by and tell me we have 'a failure to communicate'.

Finally, about six weeks into my term, it was visiting day. I looked forward to
seeing Denise again, even if it was through a plate glass window.  I waited
anxiously all day for the trustee to come and get me. I sat on my cot and
waited. And waited. And waited. Finally, around 5PM, when the last of the
visitors had already been escorted out, I was summoned to Warden Jackson's
office. My heart sank, expecting to be told that Denise wasn't coming or that,
for some reason, I wasn't being allowed to see her.

The trustee opened the door to Jackson's office, and closed it behind me. Not a
common thing, I understand. Jackson was rarely left alone with a prisoner. Most
of them could probably tear him limb from limb if they wanted to. All I saw was
the back of his chair.

"Ahhh, mistah Palmer. So good to see you again. I hear you are behaving
yourself. That's good. Very good." He turned in his chair to face me across the
desk.

"Please...sit." he said, indicating the chair in front of him.

"What do you - "

He held up a hand, silencing my question.

"I'm afraid, mistah Palmer, that I have some ...... good news ..... and some bad
news," he said, dramatically, pausing with some relish at the last words.

"The bad news is that, unfortunately, your wife, the lovely Mrs. Palmer, was not
able to see you today."

"Why not - "

Again the hand.

"Oh, she did come here. All the way here. In fact, ah had a few of mah men pick
her up this mo'nin' at your home. A lovely home, too, ah understand." The words
dripped from his slovenly mouth like rancid butter.

I sat slackjawed.

"You see, Ah'm implementing a new program here at Graingerford. I hope one day,
Lord willin', to see it takin' place at correctional facilities all across the
nation. Come with me."

He indicated the door, and took my arm as we walked out. "You've been our guest
here, what, a little more than 40 days, am ah correct? Out of a ten year
sentence. That means you have approximately three thousand, six hundred days to
go, am ah correct?"

God, the man's weasly voice was nearly driving me nuts. And I'd hardly spoken to
him since I got here.

"Yes."

"Well, we just may have a way to reduce that long, long time just a bit, now.
Yes, maybe we do."

We'd passed down a long corridor that rose above the central hub of the prison.
There were five long 'spokes' of cell blocks radiating out from a central
location, and the administration wing was a sixth spoke. It was a floor higher
than the cell block spokes, and from certain vantage points, you could look down
the narrow hallways of each cell block, or almost directly below into the
central hub of the 'wheel'. As we got closer, I could hear what sounded like an
excited hubbub of voices, the occasional cheer or shout rising above the crowd. 
I couldn't understand what was going on.

When we got to the overlooking glass, he pointed down to the crowd. I could see
probably a hundred or so men, mostly prisoners, but also guards with rifles and
truncheons standing around. There was a large crowd, maybe a dozen or so men,
clustered around what appeared to be a slightly raised platform in the very
middle of the space. They were packed so tightly, jostling for position and
moving randomly, that I could not make out any rhyme or reason to it. A quick
glimpse of white between the men stood out in stark contrast to the mainly black
and hispanic bodies crowded around the platform. I stood and watched for a few
minutes unknowing.

Finally, Jackson rapped on the glass with his knuckle. One of the guards looked
up at us, and caught his eye. He nodded at the guard slowly and raised his hand
with one finger in the air.

The guard pointed his rifle up and fired off a single shot. The noise was
deafening in the closed in space. The men almost instantly stopped their
activity, and slowly seemed to peel themselves away from the center platform. It
was then that I noticed that several of them, if not totally nude, were without
pants. Gradually the object of all the men's attention was revealed to me. It
was a woman, by god, sprawled out spread eagled on the platform. Chains at each
wrist and ankle bound her to the corners of the unholy alter. She was nude.

Suddenly it hit me with the force of a tornado.

"DENISE!" I screamed. "DENISE!!!" I screamed, pounding my fists on the
bulletproof glass. I turned to Jackson with hatred in my eyes. He halted me with
a hand, as I saw three guards move cautiously towards us.

"There, there, mistah Palmer. There is nothing you can do for her at the moment.
Let me explain. You see, yore wife's obvious beauty caught my eye when you were
first admitted here. So I devised a plan. Her employer was convinced to give her
a leave of absence for as long as she liked. Now, she didn't want to take it,
but he convinced her. Especially since he will be continuing her salary for as
long as she's gone. And then today, I sent a few of my best men to pick her up
and bring her here. About twenty minutes ago, ah personally locked her to that
table you see her on there, after first removing all her nice clothing. You see,
ah didn't want it to get ripped..."

I balled my fists and it was all I could do to not smash his ugly face in, but
the guards held my elbows and the rifle barrel in my back was not comforting.

"So here's the plan, mistah Palmer. You have three thousand, six hundred and
seven days to go on yore sentence. Well, each time yore lovely wife is the,
shall we say, 'recipient' of one of my men's sexual emissions, we will take one
day offa yore time here. Isn't that lovely?..."

I couldn't believe it. This man, this beast, was trading my wife's rape for my
time.

..."You see, sexual urges ah very hard to control in places like this. It makes
the men into beasts, yes it does. And when they ah beasts, they ah harder to
control. But when they-ah sexual urges have been satisfied, at least fo' the
moment, they ah much more docile. Don't you think?"

My head pounded, I could feel my blood racing in my veins. And, curse it all, I
could feel my cock stiffening. Being without sex for six weeks, it was all I
could do to remind myself that that was MY WIFE down there, tied down and
helpless, about to be mass raped by a prison full of convicts.

"C'mon, let's go down and say hello to her." He pointed to the elevator that led
down to the ground floor below. I meekly followed him and the two guards
followed me. Once down there, I could see clearly what the situation was. The
men were watched closely by all the guards. I walked slowly up to Denise, the
men oddly parting to let me pass. I could hear their muttered comments.

"Dam fine bitch she is.."

"Gonna get me summa dat pussy"

"I wonder can she handle this foot-long dawg o' mine..haw haw haw.."

Their comments burned in my ears as I knelt next to her shivering, shaking body.
I reached out a hand to tentatively touch her face, but she quaked and recoiled
in horror before she realized who it was. I let my eyes wander down her
magnificent body. Her breasts heaved with her excited breathing, nipples erect
and juicy looking, whether from fear or excitement I couldn't, and didn't want
to, know. Her trim waist still had the gold chain around it that I bought her
for her last birthday. Her mound, shaved but for a small patch on her pubis,
brought back memories of the hours I'd spent licking and caressing her. Was this
all her fault? Had she not been so damned attractive and sexy, would the warden
have not forgotten about her? I cursed myself.

I looked into her eyes. Her mouth opened and closed, but no words came out. I
could do nothing but whisper to her..

"I'm sorry..I'm sorry...I'm sorry..."

I felt rough hands grasp my shoulders and pull me away.

"Now then, mistah palmer, since yore so good with numbers..." Jackson seemed to
gloat, "Ah'm gonna do you the honor of keeping count for us. All you have to do
is make a mark down here on this tablet each time yore wife is able to 'extract'
the seed from one of mah boys here, and we'll keep a runnin' tally of things. It
should be fairly easy to tell when one of them has his way, don't yu'all think?
"

"Ah've taken the liberty of allowin' them to utilize whichever one of yore
lovely wife's openings is available. We don't want that lovely pussy of hers to
get totally overworked now, do we? And I do so hope she's able to swallow my
boys' messy old jizzum if any of them, on the off chance, should want to
'e-jac-u-late' in her mouth?" He seemed to take fiendish pleasure in pronouncing
each syllable of that horrid word.

"Oh yes, and here's some rags and stuff, to wipe her down ev'ry now and then.
Don't wan't mah boys getting' all messy now, do we? And now, as befittin' my
status as the warden of this here facility..."

I dreaded the thought.  The idea of this fat, greasy worm violating my lovely
wife with his obscene body nearly made me retch. I watched in horror as he undid
his belt and slipped his pants down below his fat white ass. Clambering up on
the platform, he roughly leapt on my wife's nude and bound body with a rebel
cheer.

"Yeahh!!! PUSSY!!!!!" he shouted, to the cheers from the men around us.

I watched his ass pump in and out, hearing the groans from Denise as she was
subjected to this awful terror. As I suspected, he did not last very long,
thankfully. Just thirty or so seconds after he began pumping his vile penis into
my wife I watched him shudder and stiffen, and pump jet after jet of semen into
her clenching uterus. He pulled out unceremoniously, and reached down between
her legs. Thrusting two fingers roughly into her, he withdrew the two slimy
digits and held them up for all to see.

"ONE!" he yelled triumphantly. "

To be continued....




Conjugal Visits

Part Two

By Rich Humus

Synopsis - our narrator has been imprisoned, and to help work off his term, the
evil Warden Jackson has kidnapped his wife and chained her to a large platform
in the central part of the jail. Read Part 1 for the full background...now,
without further ado, Part 2...


I held my head in shame and horror - that fat fuck of a warden had just raped my
wife in front of me, and what appeared to be over a hundred prisoners in the
jail. I could hear Denise softly sobbing in the background. It was only after a
few minutes, with the jeers and catcalls of the prisoners ringing off the cold
cement surrounding in the background that I could raise my head and absorb the
full impact.

The platform they had ingeniously constructed seemed devilish. Large round
eyebolts were at each corner, with chains attached that lead to Denise's wrists
and ankles. They were not pulled taut, but there was not much slack in them. She
was effectively immobile. The platform was about 10 feet square, and about three
feet thick. I noticed an odd crank protruding from one edge of the platform. A
prisoner stepped to it and slowly turned the crank. I heard a grinding noise and
my wife groaned.

It was then that I noticed the middle of the platform bulging under her. There
was some sort of cam arrangement beneath, creating a bulging center area that
pushed Denise's hips and midsection up, obscenely thrusting them out and causing
her body to bow upwards. The chains at her ankles and wrists tightened
perceptibly. After just a few clicks, her hips where elevated several inches
above the rest of her body. I looked at her again. There were cut outs in the
platform that removed the area between her legs, effectively making it possible
for her rapists to simply walk up and impale her, without even bending over. It
was a raping machine, no doubt.

The fiends who had kidnapped her had evidently planned it well. They knew just
how to maximize the arousal and desire of the hundreds of men now waiting to
ravage her. They must have gone through her bureau, grabbing her most private
undergarments and lingerie. She was wearing a black lace garter belt with tan
stockings, and a Victoria's Secret underwire bra that had the cups pushed down
below the slopes of her breasts, exposing them fully. Around her neck was the
velvet and diamond choker I had bought her for her last birthday. Her
loveliness, even in this horrid position, was evident. I found myself guiltily
looking at her splayed open womanhood.

She had always shaved there, at my urging. Her lips were splayed open, turning
red already from the abusive thrusting of Warden Jackson. A small trickle of
whitish fluid was starting to seep out. I could only hope that she had been
continuing to use her birth control pills. The amount of semen that she was no
doubt about to be absorbing couldn't fail to impregnate her, if she was anywhere
near her fertile period. The idea of being impregnated by a nameless felon
caused my body to shudder in revulsion.

"She's a beee-yooty, isn't she now, Mistah Palmer.." the raspy voice of Jackson
at my ear. He grabbed my elbow and pointed at my helpless wife. "She put up
quite a ruckus when mah men went to get her, they say. Kicked and screamed like
a little bitch, she did. But one little nudge from our nasty friend here, and
she calmed right down." With that, he brought something up to my face. It was
one of those Taser guns some police use, jolting several thousand volts of
electricity into a prisoner at a single press of the button. He fingered the
trigger, and I saw a jolt of sparks cross betweeen the terminals, crackling and
sputtering in the air like a small lightning bolt. The thought of my wife being
subjected to that torture ran though me like an iron spike.

He handed it off to the guard pressing his rifle barrel in to the back of my
neck. "If he tries anything funny, give him a shot." Then he motioned to the
other guard, who brought up a clipboard. "Here is yore score sheet. " he said,
grinning evilly at me. "Ah want you to mark down every one of mah boys who makes
love to yore sweet wife here." The use of "makes love" seemed to burn my ears.
Heaven knows there was no love making taking place. "..and we'll just see how
far 'long we get before we have to take a break for a while, okay?"

He stepped away, and motioned into the crowd. The first prisoner stepped up, the
second man to rape my wife in just a few minutes time. He was a swarthy Latino
man, tattooed and muscular, though slight. He dropped his pants and stepped out
of them. The hoots and catcalls started, the men of course acting like the
beasts they were, taunting him, me, Denise, and lord knows who else...I found
myself drawn to the action somehow, hating my intense desire that had overcome
my better judgement.

He fisted his cock as he walked up and slid it into my wife's vagina. She
groaned again through her gag. His ass pistoned back and forth, fucking into her
with controlled lust. He reached up and grabbed her breasts in his hands,
roughly kneading them and twisting Denise's nipples. I heard him grunt and curse
as he enjoyed the sport of fucking another man's wife, a beautiful wife who lay
helpless beneath him.

Exercising more control than Jackson just had, he seemed to pummel at her for
several minutes, sometimes slowing down to enjoy the warmth and wetness of her,
sometimes speeding up and jack-hammering into her like a madman. Finally,
though, his ass clenched and he pushed all the way into her, and again I watched
helplessley as another load of vile prisoner semen was splattered into my
Denise.

He leaned over to roughly kiss and bite at her left breast, and then slowly
pulled himself out of her. I felt the gun barrel at my neck give a slight push,
and I realized that I had to make a mark on the clipboard. I drew a small line.

I don't know how I made it through the next hour. I watched in vile fascination
as man after man walked up and emptied his balls in my wife. I watched black
men, white men, small men, large men, all felons like me, all prisoners, thrust
their cocks in to her over and over again. To my horror, I believe that after
the fourth or fifth man had come and roughly spilled his sperm into Denise, she
began to respond. Her body overcame her mind, and she started to respond. It was
hardly noticeable at first, but as I watched penis after penis breach the
portals of her vagina, her hips began to move up to meet them. Perhaps it was
just that she'd given up and retreated into an almost catatonic state, and her
body was simply reacting to the stimulus without any conscious regard. But it
was real.

I watched the growing river of cum seep out of her and drip wetly from the
juncture of her thighs. Each man seemed to push more and more of the wetness
out. The cam beneath her hips eleveated her just enough so that she would drain
out a bit. Her pussy lips were red and bruised, but I never, thankfully, saw any
blood.

Some men took fiendish delight in pounding in to her with abandon. The ones with
what appeared to be larger cocks, especially. I knew her delicate inner lining
was getting raw from all the pounding. There was one large ogre who pounded in
to her for what seemed like hours, over and over, drawing the length of his cock
out of her and then shoving it forcefully back in. When he reached his peak, he
suddenly yanked his cock out of her and spurted several large streams of semen
up her splayed body. I watched the white clumps smack wetly into the slopes of
her breasts and drip downwards, trailing white lines that seemed to cascade off
her like snowy rivers. He started a trend, and several of the next dozen or so
men did the same, showering her almost nude body with their seed. It seeped down
her ribcage and splattered across the length of her body. It pooled in her
navel. Several streamers even reached up to smack wetly against her face. Were
it not for the gag, I'm sure that her mouth would have tasted their salty semen.

I recorded each devilish ejaculation. Within the first hour, 32 men emptied
themselves into, and in some cases, onto my wife. I had gotten one month of my
sentence worked off. I looked at my poor Denise.

Her body was criss-crossed with lines of drying cum. It trailed off both
breasts, and lay wetly across her stomach and pubic area. Her nylons and garter
belt were still intact, but both had become almost saturated with semen, from
her thighs up. One garter clip had come undone from the rough pounding. Her
angelic face had several large globs of semen dotting it, both cheekbones were
layed with sperm, and one large drop had hit her forehead, spreading out to dry
and crust on her skin.It dotted even her hair, sparkling drops of white wetness
that seemed to cling like dew. I thanked god for the gag in her mouth. Denise
hated the taste of sperm, it was one thing I had always resented about our
lovemaking. No matter how I pleaded, she would never allow me to cum in her
mouth. I knew I would feel absolutely horrible if the semen she first tasted was
from a convicted criminal, instead of me.

The rapes went on. Sometimes, as a man enjoyed himself between her legs, other
men wold gather around her and jerk off, spraying their wet semen onto her body.
But most seemed content to wait their turn at her pussy. Two hours into the
ordeal, I had made 57 marks on the clipboard. What seemed like pints of gluey
semen were dripping from my wife's abused vagina, and even more decorated her
body.

I looked around, and the crowd of men had not seemed to dissipate at all.
Hundreds of prisoners were being herded in to the area, all under the watchful
eyes of a dozen or more guards. I saw Jackson leering down at us from his perch
on the third floor.

I could hear Denise moaning under her gag as she was repeatedly gang raped. And
yet, I could not mistake the sounds. She was responding to the evil sex after
all. How could she? How could my wife be enjoying this terrible ordeal? I
searched for answers, but found none.

Time wore on. When I had one hundred marks on the board, a guard who had been
watching the last few men turned and made a motion up to Jackson. I heard a
siren sound, and the men pulled away from my wife for a moment. Nothing was said
to me until Jackson again appeared at my side.

"Well now, that's not bad. Not bad at all.." he said, motioning to the
clipboard. "One hundred of mah fine specimens of manhood have delighted in the
charms of yore lovely wife." He pointed at her body.

Denise was twitching rapidly back and forth, her body covered with sweat and
cum. The river of cum draining from her abused pussy made a small pool at the
base of the platform. It drained off her body on all sides, clumping wetly. Her
marvelous breasts were all but covered in it, red and raw from being pawed and
handled. It pooled in the nape of her neck. I could barely even look at her
face. Streams of cum lay tangled and drying, crusting on her skin. The semen
clogged her eyes and nose, I could see her bubbling breath escaping her nose in
agonized wheezes.

"Ah think it's time to take a break for a while, don't you?" He motioned for one
of the guards. The guard moved up and roughly pulled the gag away from Denise,
gingerly trying not to touch the commingled sperm covering her.

"uhhh..oh god....." she mumbled. She was incoherent.

"Yore wife surely does have a tremendous amount of that messy jizzum all over
her, doesn't she?" he cackled at me. "Wah, if I didn't know better, I'd say
she's wasted a lot of it, don't y'all think? Such a shame."

I could only look at him in disbelief and disgusted wonder.

He nodded again to the guard. He reached down below the plaform and brought up
some odd looking device. Placing it behind Denise's head, he pushed forward with
it. It forced her head up and clamped down on either side. She was immobilized,
unable to turn her head to either side or relax it back in line with her prone
body. Her neck must have been painfully stretched to have her head tilted at
such and angle. I heard her moan again. The sperm on her face that hadn't
already dried to a flaky crust began to drool downwards.

"Ah think we'll give her little snatch a rest for a while, huh? She must be
awfully thirsty after this ordeal, don'cha think? Think she might like a little
drink or two?"  I could only guess at what he had in mind.

"We're gonna have a little game go on now - we call it 'spray the bitch's face'
- ah'm sure you'all gonna enjoy it, won't ya?" 

I shuddered. Denise was about to experience the very thing she hated most.

End of Part Two




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rich Humus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





