BDSM Library - Not A Saint




Not A Saint
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A naive girl, a victim of the lust of an older man is taken against her will and raped.   She is forced to cum with each perverted act until she finally succumbs to the advances of her captor.
Author: Powerone and Jessy19
Title: Not A Saint
Summary: Michael has to have her.  Jessica, new to the company, becomes his
friend, not knowing his plans to take her and make her submit to him and force
her to love him.
Keywords: M/F, nc, anal. oral, fist, reluc, bond, span, enem


Not A Saint

Copyright 2003 by Jessy19 and Powerone.  Jessy19 can be reached at
deadgirl_superstar81@yahoo.com and Powerone at Controlher@hotmail.com.

Chapter 1 The Meeting

	I can always remember the way I use to look at Jessica.  Her long dark
silky hair and her almond shaped brown eyes mesmerized me.  Her skin looked so
soft and delicate.  She had that fresh innocent look about her, her smile so
sweet and such a tease.  I used to stare at her for hours obsessed by this
beautiful girl.  The kind of girl any man would want for himself.  She never had
any clue how much I use to think about her.  I often went into a rage, knowing
she'd never be mine.

	I'd often masturbate thinking of how she'd feel.  How her lips would
feel on mine, how her body would quiver with excitement as she came.  This young
girl had no idea how I'd often fantasized about kidnapping her and making her my
little sex slave.  She'd be such a good obedient slave.  I'd make sure of that!

	It started last summer when I was working as the head custodian at one
of the largest advertising companies in California.  I'd worked for other
companies, but this one was huge and it paid well for someone of my position. 
The company was run mostly by white males who had gone to college and were
achieving their dream.  The women that worked there were mostly in their 30's
but all very sexy.  Although I'd often look at these women, I never really took
in consideration of kidnapping any of them.  Besides the fact that they were
either married or engaged, was sort of a turn off for me.  I wanted a nice
single girl.  Someone I could make mine all mine. 

	I'd been working at the company for over two years now and that's when I
finally met Jessica.  I still remember her walking in the big glass doors.  She
looked lost and so innocent.  She looked no older than 21.  I was down at the
main floor doing my usual cleaning when I looked up at her.  She was wearing a
short little brown business skirt and her white button up silk blouse that was
covered by her matching brown blazer.  Her legs were long and a beautiful tan
color, which were standing on a pair of brown high heels.  She carried her black
leather briefcase closely. 

	I watched as she walked over to the front desk obviously asking for
directions.  I was completely hypnotized by her elegance and grace.  I'd never
seen such a pretty girl before.  Just looking at her was making my cock begin to
rise.  She was talking to the receptionist for a while and then proceeded to
head towards the elevators.  I watched as she walked slowly, letting me admire
every curve she had.  She passed by me and gave me a kind and warm smile.

	"Hello," she said softly and walked on by.

 	I was speechless and felt paralyzed.  This girl took my breath away and
I knew I had to have her one way or another.  I kept my eye on her until the
elevator door closed.  No other woman in that building had ever spoken to me
before.  They were all stuck up rich bitches that only spoke to wealthy men. 
But there was something different about this girl.  She had something those
other women didn't have and it wasn't just because of her age, but something
that was hidden deep down. 

	For the next few days, all I could think about was that lovely girl
dressed in brown that I had seen.  I'd jacked off to her curvaceous body several
times.  I just kept thinking what she looked like naked.  What she would say as
I took her, making her cum.  Fuck!  This girl was in for a treat.  I just had to
find her again.

	One afternoon, I was cleaning up one of the main boss' office, when I
heard that soft sweet voice I'd heard a few days ago.  I turned around to see
that beautiful girl that had been dressed in brown.  Today she was dressed in a
navy blue skirt, still short, showing off those long golden legs.  She stood
outside the door talking to Mr. Krandal, the main boss.  Mr. Krandal was at
least my age 45 or 46.  He kept in shape as I did, but his hair was slightly
gray and mine was jet-black.  I could see the way his eyes wondered down at this
young girl.  It was easily shown how bad he'd want to have her in bed.

	"Well thank you Mr. Krandal," I heard the girl say.

	"Well Jessica, you know you were recommended to us by the dean of your
college so we are delighted to have you work with us," Mr. Krandal responded
gently, putting one hand on her shoulder.

	Ah, Jessica.  Her name was Jessica.  My heart was racing with wild
thoughts of fucking this girl without her consent.  And at the same time, I made
a fist, wanting to beat the shit out of this rich bastard for even getting to
touch the beauty.  Their conversation continued but I was just lost looking at
Jessica.  Mr. Krandal was flirting viciously with this girl but she wasn't
flirting back.  Oh what a good girl she was!  Other girls would have been taking
their tops off now anything to get in bed with the rich asshole.




Chapter 2 Some Relief For Michael

	They left a few minutes later and I finished cleaning up the office.  I
usually got out of work late, sometimes not until 11pm at night.  Once I got
home, I'd either watch some T.V or go straight to bed.  Tonight was different. 
I wasn't tired like I usually was, I was horny as hell.  I decided to go to a
bar down the street to get some drinks and maybe pick up a slut to come home
with me. 

	I got to the bar around midnight and my eyes gazed the dim lighted room
several times until they came upon a hot looking young blonde girl.  She sat at
one of the booths by herself wearing a short leather skirt and a tight white
top.  She sat with her legs crossed and a cigarette in her mouth.  I wasn't sure
if she was a prostitute or not. 

	I casually grabbed my beer and walked over to where the blonde sat.  Her
eyes quickly looked up at me and she smiled wickedly.  She looked trashy as hell
but I didn't care.  I wanted some pussy and I was going to get it whether she
liked it or not.

	"Hey stranger, what's your name?"  She said flirting.

	"Michael, my name is Michael," I said in a low voice.

	"Well Michael, are you looking for some pleasure this evening?"  She
scooted her self closer to me.

	It was disgusting.  This girl was a complete whore.  No fun in that.  I
still couldn't get Jessica out of my mind though.  This little bitch was going
to be my Jessica tonight.  

	I felt her stroking my hair as her cigarette breath was making me want
to puke.  I drank my beer slowly as she kept talking nonsense to me.  I wanted
to just tell her to shut the fuck up and to suck on my dick. 

	"Let's get out of here," I told the blonde as she was about to kiss my
lips.

	"Ooh I like a man that's aggressive!"  She squealed as she followed me
out the bar.

	Aggressive?  This bitch didn't know how aggressive I really was.  I was
tired of dirty sluts like her but it seemed that's all I could get now days. 
Growing up I never once got a chance to be with a sweet innocent girl.

	We got to my house a few minutes later.  I lived alone in a small
two-bedroom home that was usually a mess.  My house was completely dark and all
you could hear were police sirens.  I turned on the lights as the blonde walked
in the house behind me anxiously.  Her long boots made loud thumping sounds as
she walked in. 

	I threw my keys on the coffee table and she made herself at home on the
couch.  She slouched down with her legs open showing me she had no underwear on. 
Her skanky cunt was making me sick.  I sat on the couch in front of her. 
Although this girl was such a whore, she still managed to make my cock hard.  I
could hear her laugh.

	"Oh, do you want me to come to you?  Or are you coming to me?"  She said
playfully.

	"Crawl to me bitch," I ordered.

	Her eyes widened, but she followed my orders.  She slid herself off the
couch and got on her knees.  She crawled towards me keeping those emerald eyes
on me the whole time.  It took her a few seconds and finally she was there on
her knees waiting for my next order.

	"Now I want you to milk my cock like the good little whore I know you
are."  I hissed grabbing her hair hard.

	"Oww!  Hold on a minute!"  She wailed.

	"What the fuck?  Aren't you a hooker bitch?"  I yelled at her.

	Her eyes looked up at me in fear.  She trembled, as she got closer to
unzipping my pants.  I loved the terror in this whore's eyes as I smiled with
pleasure ready for her to suck my cock.  Her skinny hands reached to pull my
cock out as I felt her long fingernails brush against my skin. 

	"Yes Jessica, suck it," I blurted out.

	She looked up at me confused.  "Jessica?  But my name is-."

	"Your name is Jessica you got it?"  I said interrupting her.

	She nodded slowly and continued to get my cock out of my pants.  I was
rock hard and so ready for this bitch to suck me off.  She was slowly starting
to wrap those ruby red lips around my swollen head as she wrapped her fingers
around my cock.  I shoved her head down making her deep throat me.  I heard her
almost gag as my cock hit the back of her mouth.

	"Yes!  Suck it baby!  Oh Jessica, suck it!"  I gasped as I closed my
eyes with images of Jessica's pure mouth sucking on me. 

	I grasped the whore's hair in my hands pulling on it, tugging on it.  I
made her head bob up and down to the rhythm that satisfied me.  I swear at that
moment I could almost feel Jessica's brown silky hair on my hands.  I heard
slurping sounds as the whore continued to suck my cock.  As hard as I tried, I
could not feel a cumming sensation yet.  This bitch was just an awful
cocksucker!

	I yanked her mouth off my cock and looked her in the eye.  I could see
her eyes wide in shock of what I was going to do next.  I stood up with my cock
hanging out of my pants and dragged the whore by her hair to my bedroom.  I
could hear her scream at me to stop.

	"Ahhhhh!  Shit what the fuck is your problem?"  She screamed out as she
was being dragged.

	I could hear her, but I wasn't going to stop.  This bitch was going to
get fucked hard.

	"Stop!  Pleeease!"  She continued.

	I just kept hauling her and finally we got to my bedroom.  I easily
picked her 110-pound body up and threw her on the bed.  I could see streams of
tears now running down her slutty face.  Her dark makeup was now smeared and she
was gasping for air.  She fell with her legs wide open and I just laughed at
her.

	"Your pussy is so busted.  I don't know if I'm really going to enjoy
myself."

	She looked up at me with fear and hatred.  "Fuck you!  You psycho!"

	I burst out laughing again.  "Shut the fuck up you cunt!  Now turn
around and show me your asshole.  I know you have to be tighter there.  "

	"No!"  She yelled and tried to kick me with her boot.

	I felt myself losing patience with this bitch.  I started to take off my
black leather belt that I always wore.  The whore was sobbing and suddenly
stopped when she saw me take my belt off.

	"W-what are you doing?"  She asked nervously.

	"I'm going to beat you with my belt for not obeying me."

	The bitch's eyes opened wide full of terror that was awaiting her.  I
furiously pulled up her leather skirt and aimed my belt at her upper thighs. 
Smaaaaaaaack!  I slapped the belt on her white skin, which automatically turned
crimson. 

	"Ahhhhhhhhh!"  The bitched yelled out.  "Shit!  Ok please stop!"

	The pleasure of her being in pain made me block out her screams of
torture.  Again I hit her and heard her scream in agony.  Her screams got louder
with each hit.  I continued to beat her with my belt as she tried to squirm
around the bed trying to get away.

	"Stoppppp!  Owwwwww!"  She continued to shriek.

	I managed to strike her over fifteen times.  Her skin was now beginning
to look swollen and looked like she was about to bleed from being hit so much. 
Her thighs were completely red and I'd left belt marks on her arms since she'd
tried to protect herself.  I realized at that moment that I'd made myself clear
and stopped the beating.  I heard her weeping very quietly.

	"Maybe next time you'll do what your master says.  I don't like telling
sluts like you to do something twice.  You follow orders immediately!  Is that
clear?"  I shouted feeling my pulse racing.

	"Y-yes," she said bawling.

	"Ok now let's try this again.  Turn around so I can fuck your ass.  I
hope your tight back there or else I'm going to really make you cry."

	The blonde gradually turned around as I watched her now weak body move. 
There she was on all fours like a whore should be.  Her ass was at a low level. 
I grabbed my belt and smacked her ass hard.

	"Fucccck!  Ahhhhhhhhhh!"  She cried out.

	"Put your ass up in the air you dirty cunt!  How the fuck am I supposed
to put my dick in there if you don't?"  My anger was rising.

	"Ok!  Ok!"  She moaned.

	She eased herself closer to the edge of the bed moving her ass up in the
air.  I was having too much fun so I smacked her again.  I laughed loudly as I
heard her yell again.  "Arrrgh!"

	"Higher bitch!  Raise that ass really high in the air!"

	She sobbed loudly now as she managed elevate her ass up high.  I looked
as her ass and spread her cheeks wide open.  She looked hygienic at least.  Her
pink puckered hole was just a bit loose.  I could tell she'd got it up the ass
several times.  Fuck!  This bitch was all used up!

	I got closer to her ready to stick my throbbing cock in her asshole.  I
grabbed her hair hard with my hand and pulled her head back.

	"I hope you enjoy this bitch."  I said whispering in her ear and then I
spit in her face.

 	She turned away from me as my spit dripped down her slutty face.  I
wasn't about to take it easy with this slut.  Her asshole looked used and abused
so I was ready to tear it up some more.  I grasped her by her tiny waist and
rammed my cock inside her as she hollered feeling my big cock entering her used
shit hole.

	"What are you screaming for bitch?  Aren't you used to this?  Don't you
just love to get fucked up the ass?"  I said sarcastically.

     I had all my cock jammed inside her ass.  She felt somewhat good but
somewhat a disappointment.  I wanted her to be tight just like Jessica is.  Oh
fuck Jessica!  I wanted Jessica so fuckin' bad!  I

	"Mmmmm Jessica, baby!  Make me cum!"  I blurted out as I fucked the
blonde whore.

 	The room was surrounded by nothing but silence except for my balls
slapping against this whore's ass.  She stayed hushed as I fucked her.  She knew
that if she talked shit to me she'd get beaten worse.  Oh if only I had this
much control over the beautiful Jessica.  I began increasing my speed, slamming
my cock harder inside this skank's asshole.

 	My cock was now easily entering and exiting the sluts wrinkled hole.  It
was useless.  I wasn't going to cum.  This whore was a total waste of my time! 
Beginning to feel frustrated, I pulled my cock out and spanked her ass with my
bare hand leaving my hand imprint on her skin.

	"Fuck!  What did I do?"  She cried in anguish.

	"Your not doing anything for me bitch.  I think I'm going to have to
please myself in order to cum."

	Without thinking, I grabbed a pair of handcuffs that I always had handy
and got on the bed.  I saw the slut look up at me in with panic.  I smiled down
at her and yanked her close to the bedpost to handcuff her.  I kept her ass up
as I dragged her by her skinny arms.  I clasped the handcuffs on her and finally
had her attached to the bedpost.  She tried to turn her head as much as possible
to see what I was going to do next.  I let my hand creep slowly down her back as
it touched her ass.  It was obvious this bitch was used to big things up her
holes.  I got one finger and without difficulty, slid it in her asshole.  She
didn't say nor do anything at the moment.

	I smiled to myself slipping yet another finger in her.  A third finger
quickly followed, and then a fourth.  I had almost half of my hand in the slut's
ass and there still was room!  I heard her pant as I made my hand slip inside
her asshole.  She buried her face in the pillows moaning in misery as I was
seriously tearing up her asshole.  It was incredible!  My whole hand was up this
bitch's asshole and I could feel the heat inside her ass drowning my hand in.

 	I started to move my big hand in and out ripping her asshole wide as she
began to wail loudly.  My cock was harder than a rock by now.  I just kept
thinking that this is how tight Jessica would feel around my cock.  With my free
hand, I started to jerk off.  The more the bitch moaned and screamed, the more I
felt like I was going to shoot my load off.  Her crinkled asshole was now wide
tearing up more and more as I fucked her with my hand.

	"HmmmmmmMmmph," was all I could hear in her muffled cries as her face
was down.

	"After I'm done with you, you're really going to have a loose asshole!" 
I said laughing wickedly.

	"S-s-stoppp!  Pleeeeaasse!"  She begged crying hysterically now.

	"Shut up you ugly cunt!  Take it!  Take it like the whore you are!"

	She kept squirming around but was not able to go anywhere, as she was
completely helpless.  I loved the way she whimpered in a frail tone.

	My balls were swelling up now ready to spurt my huge load of cum out all
over this whore's ass.  I kept fucking her trying to shove more of my hand up
her ass and I felt myself get weak.  I was cumming all over myself.  This orgasm
was so fuckin' intense I tossed my head back as my balls tightened releasing my
searing sticky cum.  My body shuddered as I finished squirting my salty liquid.

	I was winded and let my hand slide out the whore's busted asshole.  The
faint plop sound came out as I let my hand free.  I could see small spots of
light bleeding and I just sat back and enjoyed the view of her torn asshole.  It
took me a few minutes to catch my breath and I crawled over to uncuff the slut.

	She looked at me with her eyes drowsy looking and she sighed relief. 
Her eyes were red and puffy from crying so much.  That'll teach her that men
like tight fuck holes, not loose ones like her.

	"You're free to go now.  I'm not paying you for anything because I had
to get myself off.  Now you tell anyone about all this and I'm going to hunt you
down like the bitch you are.  And all this will be like a sweet dream compared
to the nightmare you'll live if you tell anyone."

	She was scared and only nodded.  I knew she'd keep quiet, as she was
weak.  I watched the blonde whore gather herself together.  I grabbed a rolled
up joint that I had by my nightstand and lit it up.  She looked at me as If I
needed to take her home.  I didn't do anything and she got up and slowly and
painfully managed to make her way out.  She was in total shock of what she'd
just gone through.  I could care less about that whore, I just lay on my bed and
got high thinking more about Jessica and those sexy curves.  I felt my cock get
hard again, so I masturbated until I fell fast asleep.

	The next day I was extremely late for work.  I'd always been a hard
worker, and never slacked off.  Luckily I was able to get away with a lame
excuse for my boss.  I had told him I'd been sick all night and didn't get good
sleep.  He believed me of course because of my excellent work record.

	Last night had felt like a complete delusion.  I'd gotten so high that I
didn't even know if it was in fact real or not.  I looked down at my pants and
realized I'd forgotten my belt at home.  Then I knew last night had not been a
dream at all.  It had all been so true, so nasty.  I had enjoyed every second of
it.




Chapter 3 Setting Jessica Up

	It was past noontime and I was about to go up to the eighteenth floor
when I heard someone exclaim, "Whoa!  Wait please!"

 	I looked up putting my hand to stop the elevator from closing.  I saw
the stunning Jessica standing before me.  I was speechless as she passed me up
getting in the elevator.  I got to capture her sweet smell of innocence as she
walked by me.  She cleared her throat as if to bring me back to reality.  I
quickly snapped out of my reverie. 

	The elevator door closed and there I was alone with Jessica.  My heart
was racing and my cock was throbbing.  I glanced over to her and our eyes met. 
Oh God, she'd been looking at me the whole time.

	"Hi," she said softy as I looked at her.

	"Hello there," I responded slowly.

	"Sixteenth floor please," her voice was soothing.

	Her smile was absolutely fascinating.  My eyes wondered down to catch a
glimpse of her long sexy tanned legs.  Today she wore a short white skirt and a
dark blue button up blouse.  Although her blouse was loose on her, I could still
manage to get an idea of how big her breasts were.  Her lips weren't red, but
just a hint of light pink.  Seemed like she just put lip-gloss on.

	My trembling hands pressed the sixteenth floor button.  I watched as her
eyes moved away from me as if she were nervous too. 

	"So your new here is that right?"  I found myself boldly asking.

	She slowly turned to look at me.  "Yes.  I'm originally from Texas. 
Moved here because of this job opportunity."

	I knew there was something different about this girl.  She obviously
wasn't from California.  Her light Spanish accent made me even harder.  I felt
myself wanting to rape this gorgeous girl right then and there in the elevator!

	"So how do you like California?"  I continued to make conversation.

	"Well the weather is awesome.  At least it's not hot like Texas!  But
the people are different.  It seems people in Texas are more laid back.  Here
it's like everyone is in a hurry.  Just a little bit hectic."

	I licked my lips as I watched her talk.  She was so classy and so
gullible.  She held on to her leather briefcase tightly as we were arriving to
the sixteenth floor.  I couldn't take my eyes off her.  She was so easy to talk
to and I knew it was going to be easier to let her get to know me.  Let her
think I'm a charming and kind gentleman.  And when she least expects it, she'll
really get to know me.

	"Well yeah life is a lot faster here.  But you'll learn to adjust," I
said confidently.

	The elevator chime went off as we got to Jessica's floor.  She sighed
softly and began to walk out.  Her ass swayed nicely as she walked.  She turned
around before the door closed and smiled.

	"Nice to have met you.  Maybe I'll see you around some more?"

	I swallowed hard.  "Y-yeah.  Maybe."

 	The elevator door closed and I felt my body freeze.  It was getting
better each moment.  I just had to have a few more encounters with this naive
beauty and then it was off to luring her to my wicked game.

	I knew that Jessica worked on the sixteenth floor and it was now my
mission to let her get to know me better.  Let her think I'm her hero rescuing
her from the heartless and evil people in this new big city she was in. 

 	The next few mornings I would arrive early to work making sure I got
everything done on all the other floors and left all the work to be done on the
sixteenth floor.  I noticed Jessica would arrive around 9am almost every
morning.  She'd come in prancing like a delicate princess smiling and greeting
everyone.  Everyday she wore such sexy outfits, which made my cock twitch in
delight.

	Her office was towards the back in a quiet spot away from the office
gossip bitches that had their offices towards the front.  I'd watch her go in
her office with her cup of coffee as she sat in her desk turning on the
computer.  She'd stare outside the big window down to the fast city and just
gaze for a long time until she was brought back to reality.

	This poor small town girl really missed her home.  Now she was here in a
big city with impious men that lurked for young ingenuous girls.  I could watch
her for hours as I pretended to be cleaning the empty office that was in front
of hers.

	One fateful day I was passing by her office and I heard her very
faintly.  "Pssst!" she called out to me.

	My heart stopped in astonishment that she was actually talking to me.  I
turned around slowly as our eyes met.  Her dark brown eyes looked at me in need. 
Her remarkable smile made my entire body stiff.

	"Yes ma'am?"  I replied in a shaky voice.

	"I'm sorry I don't know your name.  I was wondering if you could come
get these boxes out of my office.  I tried calling for someone to get them out
but I never got any response."

	This was just my lucky day.  "Sure I'll get them out for you.  My name
is Michael by the way," I said introducing myself as I walked in her office.

	"Thank you so much Michael.  I really appreciate it."  Her tone was so
warm.

 	I walked in her office, which was neat, not sloppy like the others.  I
looked around and saw the room decorated with pictures of her and her family. 
It was total virtue.  I looked closely and didn't see one picture of Jessica
with a man.  That intrigued me even more.

     I walked closely behind her following her lead.  I watched as her small
body frame moved so gracefully.  Her long hair bounced as her hips swayed from
side to side making my balls swell up with heat.

	"Ok it's just these few boxes.  That's all I need."  She said turning to
face me as my eyes were glaring at her.

	I quickly snapped out of my daze and picked up the boxes.  "No problem,
Jessica, is it?"  I said pretending I didn't know her name.

	Her pretty little face turned crimson.  "Yes.  That's correct.  Once
again I really appreciate it."

	"No problem," I said confidently as I walked out.

	For the rest of the day, all I could do was see visions of Jessica.  Her
sweet pouty lips wrapped around my cock as she swallowed my cum.  Her long
golden legs wide open ready for me to corrupt her purity.  I had a feeling that
deep down she'd love for me to cum in her tight cunt hole as I held her down
making her love every moment of it.

	From that day forward, I'd stop by Jessica's office to say a quick hello
and she'd always accept my presence.  I'd make her laugh and make her feel at
ease.  We actually started having lunch from once a week to three times a week. 
I loved talking to her, looking at her.  I listened attentively to every word
that she said and made sure none of the yuppie bastards would try to hit on her.

	I'd learned that she grew up poor and her father had to struggle with
two or three jobs to make sure she went to college to better herself.  I also
learned that she didn't have much luck with men.  She'd gone through very short
relationships that always ended up in heartbreak.  Every detail she gave me made
me want her more than ever.

	Everything was going just as planned, until one evening.  It was past
seven at night, I was about to go up to Jessica's office to ask her out for
dinner, when I heard a male voice in her office.  I looked intently and saw
Jessica talking with Reilly Banks, another one of the main guys at the company. 
Reilly was a young guy though, about in his late twenties and he was a real
womanizer.  I'd heard he'd slept with almost every woman in the damn company. 

	To my disappointment, Jessica was flirting intensely with this guy.  I
felt my hand turn into a fist as I wanted to just go in there and beat the shit
out of Reilly and kidnap Jessica.  Instead I kept my cool and watched how Reilly
cleverly put his arm around Jessica's tiny waist.  She giggled like a little
schoolgirl loving the fact that this rich bastard was contemplating on getting
her in bed.

	"Let me just get my purse and then we can go," I hear Jessica say to
Reilly.

	A few seconds later, I heard footsteps and saw Reilly standing there
with his green eyes narrowed.  He didn't say anything just looked at me as if he
was trying to humiliate me.  I just turned and walked away and suddenly I heard
Jessica's voice.

	"Michael?  Is everything OK?"

	I took a deep breath to keep from screaming at her.  "Y-yeah.  I was
just coming up here to see if there were any more offices to clean.  I didn't
remember if I'd done this floor or not."

	Reilly kept giving me the asshole look while Jessica got closer to him. 
How could she do this to me?  I kept thinking to myself.  I thought I was better
than this rich asshole.  Reilly proudly put his arm around Jessica and they
started walking away.

	"Goodnight Michael," she said softly as they turned the corner.

	I observed as they walked out together.  My blood was pumping with fury. 
I had to stop all this nonsense before things got worse.  I had to make Jessica
understand that she was mine.  All mine. 

	The next day I got to work at the crack of dawn and finished my cleaning
as quickly as possible to concentrate only on the sixteenth floor.  I waited by
Jessica's office to be able to greet her.  It was almost ten in the morning when
she finally arrived.  Her eyes looked drowsy and her hair was not tidy like
other times.

	"Hey Michael.  Good morning," she said joyfully.

	"Jessica, how are you?  I was wondering if we could have lunch today
like we always do."

	"Um- well, actually I'm having lunch with Reilly," she stammered.

	It was hard to keep calm.  "Oh?  Well maybe some other time?"

	She shrugged unsurely.  "Um yes another time."

	I walked away with rage of being rejected.  Jessica's pure image was
slowly fading as I kept seeing her with Reilly around the building as she
laughed at his stupid jokes and loved the way he had his paws all over her.  I
was starting to resent Jessica more each day.  She started ignoring me over time
and was hardly ever in her office anymore.

	She was probably in Reilly's office blowing him like a little slut. 
This wasn't going to end like this though.  Jessica was going to learn that once
you start something you couldn't leave it unfinished.  She was starting to fall
for me, I just knew it, and now this fucker comes in her life and entices her
with his charm and lavish living.  Jessica was going to have to learn the hard
way that there was only one man in her life.  That man was me.

	Each day I was getting more livid by the moment.  Jessica was obviously
falling for this Reilly guy and I couldn't help but want to get rid of him in a
way.  I called up some old friends of mine who were amateur hit men.  I paid
them a good amount of money to beat the shit out of Reilly. 

	It was awesome.  I told my friends to go by work past eight o'clock when
I knew Reilly would be leaving.  Jessica had left early that day so it was just
so perfect.  I waited outside my car waiting to watch Reilly get the shit beaten
out of him.  I watched how Reilly came out wearing his expensive clothes about
to light up a cigarette when my two buddies jumped out of nowhere surrounding
him.  I couldn't hear what they were telling him, but I saw the fearful look on
his ugly face.

	All of a sudden I watched my buddies begin to pounce on Reilly, as he
was totally defenseless.  They were beating him with bats and kicking him as he
fell on the ground.  I watched with pleasure as they were slowly getting rid of
Reilly at least for a long time so he'd stay away from work and leave Jessica
all to myself.  The beating only took about ten minutes and my friends ran like
hell as I just watched Reilly struggle to crawl and get up.  I was laughing so
hard I never remembered having such a good time.  I turned on my car and drove
away watching Reilly in the mirror as he just fell back down and lay there
completely beaten.

	The next day the word was all over work.  Poor Reilly Banks was in the
hospital with two broken legs and one broken arm.  It was said that his face was
so messed up that one could not even recognize who the hell he was.  I couldn't
wait to see Jessica's reaction.  I stopped by her office pretending to be
vacuuming that section she was in.  I saw her pretty face covered with tears as
she was crying for that useless son of a bitch.  She saw me looking at her and
ran towards the door.

	I turned off the vacuum and pretended to look concerned.

	"Oh Michael.  Did you hear about Reilly?  Why would anyone want to do
that to him?" she asked sobbing coming closer to me.

	"Well Jessica this is a cruel world.  I'm sorry about your friend," I
said holding my arms out to her.

	She fell in my arms as she sobbed on my shoulder.  Now that's the way I
wanted Jessica, wrapped tightly around me.  I felt her body so fragile and so
sexy as she leaned on me.  She cried for a few minutes and I began to stroke her
long hair.  Suddenly she pulled away as she was starting to get the wrong
impression.

	"T-thank you Michael.  I better get back to work.  You know you're the
only one I think is sane around here."  Her lips began to show a slight smile.

	I felt myself blush.  "I'm here for you Jessica.  You know I am."

	I watched her go back to her office, as her eyes were now puffy from
crying over that stupid asshole.  Feeling satisfied that Reilly was now out of
the picture; I could now make my move.  Let Jessica know how bad I wanted her.

	It was Thursday afternoon, and I was ready to go up to Jessica's office
to ask her out on a "real" date.  Feeling nervous, I rode up the elevator just
thinking of how to ask her.  I knew she wouldn't decline.  I had a feeling she
was my destiny, my fate.  My heart raced as I reached the sixteenth floor
walking slowly with my legs almost feeling like Jell-O.  I saw Jessica at her
desk doing some paperwork.

	"Hello?"  I said quietly knocking on her open door.

	She looked up and beamed.  "Hey Michael.  What's up?"

	I felt my hand trembling.  " U-uh well, are you up for going out with me
tonight?  You know like a date?"

	Her smile dropped to a frown.  "No.  I'm sorry I can't go out with you. 
I thought we were friends?"

	It was like a slap in the face.  "OH well you can go out as friends," I
stuttered.

	She shook her head.  "Michael I said no.  I mean you're really sweet,
but I think if we go out, then everyone is going to think we are dating."

	I felt my anger rising.  " Well you and Reilly went out so that was OK
then?"

	Her eyes narrowed.  "Look what I do in my private life is my business."

	I clenched my jaw.  "Yeah whatever.  If I had money and this kind of
job, you'd go out with me.  Your such a hypocrite."

	I saw her get up as if she was ready to throw me out of the room.  "Look
I'm sorry if it seems like I only go out with rich guys, but that's not true.  I
really liked Reilly and I'm sorry but I don't like you in that way."

	"Well once Reilly Banks fucks you and leaves you then please don't come
to me crying," I blurted out.

	Her eyes widened in shock, as she was not expecting me to say that.  "I
think you better leave."

	I didn't respond and stormed out of her office feeling neglected.  How
could my sweet Jessica treat me that way?  Well I had tried to make her mine the
easy way, now it was time for the hard way.  I had to make a plan.  It had to be
a brilliant plan.  I knew I could do it.  I just had to think hard. 




Chapter 4 The Capture of Jessica

	Friday morning I woke up with a strange feeling.  I knew something was
going to go good for me.  I took a shower letting myself jerk off for a while as
I thought about Jessica, my usual masturbation inspiration.  I got to work
thinking I'd be feeling bad because of my conversation with Jessica the day
before, but instead I felt better than I had in a long time.  I knew Jessica
usually worked late on Friday's to try to get as much work done so she wouldn't
have to come in for the weekend.

	I watched as the building cleared out, Friday night driving out workers
sooner then normal, eager to move onto the weekend.  I watched intently for
Jessica, planning on making my move today.  I have already prepared the room in
the basement, far removed from any activity, even from the other building
maintenance workers.  It was an abandoned section of the sub-basement, once used
to store old furniture, but a leak from the surrounding ground water had
precluded it from being used for that purpose any longer.  I had managed to
secure a small, electrical pump that managed to keep out the water and was quiet
enough not to attract attention.

	Over the last week, I had secretly managed to bring in the necessary
equipment and supplies I needed.  I used left-over building supplies to build
the restraint devices that was required, my cock hard as I built them, imaging
Jessica, naked and bound to them, legs spread wide in anticipation of me.  I
knew that at the beginning she might object to me, but I felt she would learn to
love me and submit to my sexual desires.

	Almost everyone was gone, the building echoing from its emptiness.  I
went back upstairs, hoping to find her.  On the floor where all the bosses were,
I could hear voices, a loud voice and a soft-tender voice, pleading.  I snuck up
quietly, realizing that the voices were coming from Mr. Krandal's office.  I
went into the office next door to his and quietly opened the connecting door
less then an inch, able to get a fairly good view of the occupants.  There was
the target of my desire, Jessica.  She was wearing a dark brown, short business
skirt, a light brown, button down silk top, though they seemed a little
disheveled.  Her eyes were wide open, in surprise or fear, Mr. Krandal next to
her.  I quietly listened to their exchange.

	"Please, Mr. Krandal!"  I heard Jessica say.  "This is wrong."

	"Now, Jessica, you will go farther in this company if you learn how to
play the game.  You are an extremely beautiful woman and you have to use that to
your advantage."  Mr. Krandal moved next to Jessica onto the leather couch.  He
moved closer to her, his face only inches from hers.

	Jessica tried to sink farther into the couch as he moved closer, his
breath smelling of alcohol, probably too many drinks at lunch.  He had been
forward in the past, occasionally letting his hands move too familiar over her
body, but she let it slide, feeling it was only an older man flirtatious desire
for a young girl.  She loved the job and the pay far exceeded her wildest
expectations.  She thought she could handle it, but now fear crept into her. 
The building seemed deserted and she was trapped in his office.  "No, Mr.
Krandal, this is wrong," she cried out, moving her head to the side to escape
his lips.  She felt them move to her neck instead, his sloppy kisses moving over
her flesh, revulsion overcoming her senses.  She grabbed his hand as it dropped
onto her naked knee, slowly moving up her leg, pushing her skirt out of the way
as it moved.  It moved to the inside of her thigh and she tightened her knees
together, trapping it between her trembling thighs.

	"Such firm thighs, Jessica," he said, his hand grasping her thighs,
feeling her gripping him tightly. 

	I saw his grip tighten; forcing his hands higher up her clenched thighs,
his strength overpowering the tiny girl.  My anger began to build.  This was my
girl, my virgin girl that he was trying to take advantage of.  I loved her and
his sweating body was trying to maul my tender girl.

	His hand had reached up and grabbed her breast, his fingers grabbing the
young flesh tightly in his clenches.  It was the last straw for Jessica, she
could not put up with it any longer.  Suddenly Jessica's hand swung, hitting Mr.
Krandal across the face.

	Mr. Krandal sat up in shock, his face already turning red from the slap. 
It seemed to knock him back to reality.  He stood up, angry.  He growled down at
Jessica, "you're fired young lady.  I don't want to ever see you again.  You
will get one-month severance pay and we will give you a good reference.  But if
you ever make any mention of this incidence, I will destroy your life and make
sure you never get another job again.  Is that understood?"

	Jessica only wanted to leave, escape and forget what had transpired. 
She was too scared to react, jumping up from the couch, tears running down her
face as she left the room.

	I had to hurry, not wanting to miss my chance with Jessica.  This was
working out even better.  I needed to grab her now.  She would not be expected
back Monday and if anyone began to inquire, Mr. Krandal would be their prime
suspect.  I raced to the service elevators, hoping that they would be faster.  I
jumped out of the elevator as it arrived on the ground floor, standing in front
of the elevator she was riding down in, watching as the floors rang down as it
approached.  I looked around, the security guard around the corner, his eyes
probably glued to the stupid baseball game.  I had to be quick about it.  I
pulled the chloroformed rag from the sealed plastic bag as the elevator rang its
arrival.  The door opened, Jessica standing there, tears running down her face,
a look of surprise as I stood there.  I leaped into the elevator, the rag shoved
into her face, covering her mouth and nose as my other arm circled her body,
holding her arms tightly to her sides.

	Her body tightened, finally realizing that something was wrong, but the
chloroform already was working its magic.  Her body began to slump in my arms. 
I pushed the button, the elevator doors closing and moving towards the
sub-basement.  Her body was limp now.  I removed the rag and pushed it back into
the bag, moving my head to the side to escape the fumes.  The door opened, the
welcome fresh air a relief, already feeling a little light-headed.  She seemed
so light as I picked her up into my arms, like a lover might do, and carried her
off to our room.  My darling, soon we will have an eternity together, to make
love to each other, I thought as we moved down the dark corridor.

	I entered the room, a distant door in a sea of dark corridors.  The
lights from inside brightly lit up the dingy corridor, slamming the door noisily
as I carried my love to her new home, alone at last, away from the prying eyes
of others.  I had furnished the room for what I thought I might need, hoping
that Jessica would succumb to my love for her and respond in kind, but not
taking any chances and building various pieces that I could use to bind her
tightly.  I knew that this would be required at first.  I had planned on taking
her virginity of her mouth, pussy and asshole while she was bound.  I knew she
would at first protest these actions but as soon as she found out how excellent
of a lover I was, she would soon welcome and participate in fulfilling my
desires. 

	I placed her in the upholstered wooden chair I had secured.  The seat
was thickly cushioned, but the arms and back were heavy oak wood and I had
secured it tightly to the floor, not wanting my love to tip over and hurt
herself.  The arms and back had numerous boards, which would allow me to move
her bondage around, forcing her body into various positions, each one allowing
more intimate access to her sex.  My cock was already hard in anticipation.  I
had a desire to use her mouth, but I knew that this would be the most dangerous
as she would have a chance to bite me.  I would do this later when I could
either force her if necessary to comply with my wishes or she did so because of
her love for me.

	I grabbed the heavy, hemp rope and began tying her arms first.  I had
chosen this type of rope because the victim felt so helpless bound in such
formidable rope.  While I knew it would be painful, I knew that I would have to
possess my love fully first before she would succumb to my desires and a little
pain would be a small price she would have to pay to finally achieve her finest
love.  I tied her arms to the armrests at both the wrist and elbow, wanting to
keep her arms pinned tightly, her breasts now open and available to the caresses
of my hands and lips.  Her legs were next, my cock twitching in anticipation as
my hands ran sensuously over naked legs as I began to secure them.  I started
with her ankles, tying them tightly to the lower portion of the legs.  Later, I
would move them up the chair legs, forcing her up and open, allowing me complete
access to her naked pussy and asshole.  Her knees were tied to the same legs but
higher up.  This gave her legs a spread of over two feet, her skirt pulled
tightly now almost bursting at the seams. 

	I saw her eyes fluttering, her breathing shallow, as she slowly began to
regain consciousness.  Her eyes opened wide, her arms and legs struggled against
the ropes as she finally realized her dilemma.  "What the fuck is goin' on," she
yelled.  Her eyes looked down at the ropes then up at me.  "I know you, untie me
this instant, what are you some kinda pervert?"

	My anger overcame me and my hand shot out and smacked her across the
face, her head turning to the side from the force of the blow.  Where had she
learned such terrible language, I thought.  My sweet virgin girl had a dark side
to her.  This might be more difficult then I thought.  My temper slowly simmered
down, my composure regained.  "If you behave yourself, Jessica, you will not be
hurt.  But if you try my patients, I can be very evil and you will suffer the
consequences."

	The shocked look in her face from the slap was unbelievable.  I had
caught her attention.  The defiant look she had only seconds before had suddenly
disappeared and was replaced by the look of fear.  Her arms and legs still
struggled against the rope.  "Please, don't hurt me.  If you let me go, I
wouldn't tell anyone," her voice pleading with me.

	"You are going to be my guest for a while, dear Jessica.  If you
cooperate, it will go easy on you.  If you do not, I can make your stay very
difficult and painful."

	I saw her lips moving, but no words coming out, struggling with the
right words, afraid to offend, but unsure of what was happening.  "What do you
want with me, I was always nice to you?  Please let me go."

	"I am in love with you Jessica.  You are the most beautiful woman on
this earth and I must have you for my own," I blurted out, wanting to hear it
sounded aloud.  I looked for a change of expression on her, but she just stared
at me, a blank look on her face.  "You will learn to love me as I love you.  You
will learn to enjoy are lovemaking."

	Shock on her face, her voice yelled out, "you're fuckin' crazy.  I
wouldn't fuck you for anything never mind loving you.  You belong in the nut
house."  I could see the expression on her face that she realized quickly that
this was not the response I was looking for.  My face turned red, gripping my
fists, trying to get a hold of my temper.  I let my breathing settle down,
taking in deep breaths. 

	I moved behind her, placing a gag over her mouth quickly before she
could even murmur a protest.  If your mouth is going to continually throw out
that type of rubbish, I will have to silence you for a while until I have a use
for it."  My hands ran down her face, her skin so soft, her body trembling in
fear now, her protests now silenced.  "My little girl, so sweet."  She began to
squirm in the chair now as my hands moved lower, down her neck until it reached
the opening of her silk blouse, my fingers gently rubbing around the opening.  I
reached down slowly unbuttoning the buttons, one at a time, slowly revealing her
cleavage, her bra pushing her breasts up high.  She squirmed, trying to dislodge
my hands, but the ropes effectively held her tight.  I watched as her breasts
jiggled as she moved, my hands moving down for the final button.

	I rubbed my cock against her shoulder as I pulled her blouse back to the
side and from her skirt.  "Can you feel me, Jessica?  My cock is going to make
love to you soon.  Wouldn't that feel good, a big cock in your virgin pussy?"  I
took a pair of scissors and carefully cut the blouses sleeves and the shoulders,
allowing the remnants to fall to the floor.  My love was now squirming in the
chair, her bra the only thing between my fingers and the sweet nipples I would
find beneath it.  She was moaning into the gag, her body still twisting,
fighting me.  Soon she would tire and become more docile.  My hands reached down
to her bra-enclosed breasts, her squirming becoming more profound as I slowly
grabbed the half-naked flesh, my fingers pushing into the soft flesh.  I pushed
up from the bottom, forcing the flesh out of the top, almost able to make out
the nipples.  I tightened my grip, feeling the flesh move about inside the
restraint.  "Such nice tits, Jessica.  Soon I will be sucking on your nipples,
making them hard."

	My hand reached inside each of the bra cups, encircling the naked flesh
for the first time, my cock rubbing back and forth against her shoulder,
masturbating my cock on her.  I grabbed each nipple between my fingers,
tightening on the hard nub.  She wants me, her nipples are hard from my touch, I
thought.  I pinched hard, feeling her body clench in pain.  "You like that, you
like me playing with your nipples, Jessica," my cock ready to explode in my
pants as it rubbed against her.  I needed some release and I needed it soon.  I
could fuck her later, when I get hard again.  But her tits were so lovely.  I
could fuck them.  I could nestle my cock between them until I came on my love. 

	"You don't need this, I will keep you warm baby," the scissors making
her bra into shredded cloth in no time flat.  A few snips here and there and it
fell to the floor.  My hands shot out to her naked tits, massaging and rubbing
the young flesh, feasting in the beauty of them.  They were beautiful.  So firm,
standing up with barely a sag in spite of their size.  Her nipples, a light pink
framed by her dark brown areolas, the rest of her naked breasts multi colored,
tanned where they were exposed to the sun, an alabaster white where a small
bikini topped just barely covered her nipples.  Her movements became more
intense as I roughly manhandled her breasts, turning red from my fingers, my
passion taking over, unable to control the lust I felt for her.

	I stepped back and slowly began to undress.  "Watch me or else!"  I
slipped off my shirt, the pants following.  I watched her eyes as she stared at
my cock, bulging out of my shorts.  My hand reached down and grabbed it, fisting
it through the material.  "Yes, this is all for you my love."  I pulled down my
shorts, standing naked before her, my cock now fully erect, precum already
glistening on the head, my balls hanging, swollen in lust.  "Lean back a little,
darling.  I'm going to fuck your tits."

	I felt her body shiver as my hot cock pushed between her breasts, my
hands pushing on the sides, slowly engulfing my large organ between them.  I
pushed my thumbs down on her nipples as I did, rubbing back and forth over them,
feeling them swell in anticipation.  I pushed up on my hips, my cock sliding
effortlessly through her bulging breast meat, her sweat and my pre-cum providing
the necessary lubrication.  "Look down at my cock, baby, I want you to see me
fucking your tits."  I released one of her breasts long enough to force her head
down, her chin and mouth only inches from the head of my cock.  I could feel her
hot breath, even thought her mouth was gagged, my cock jerking in their confines
of her breasts.  "Don't move, I am going to shoot very quickly, your lovely body
makes me so hot.  You will be punished if you disobey me." 

	She looked so lovely, naked from the waist up, my cock tightly within
her naked breasts, my fingers playing with her hard nipples, her head bowed in
submission, her mouth only inches from my cock.  I began to push my cock back
and forth between her tits, fucking with my hips, making her take hard deep
strokes.  Her breasts began to turn red from my grip, but I did not care.  I
could feel the cum beginning to churn up from my balls.  I fucked faster, my
cock pushing painfully beneath her chin as I began to cum.  "Yes, baby, take my
cum like a good girl, yes, her it comes, don't move now, make me happy."

	The first load of cum shot out in ropes of hot liquid, shooting onto the
gag, quickly soaking it, the excess running down her chin.  The first load
allowed me to fuck her harder, now sliding along my cum covered cock as I shot a
second load, almost as big as the first.  "You're so good, Jessica.  We are
going to be so good together.  Soon I will make you cum with me."  My cock
continued to pump between her breasts, shooting a third and finally a fourth
load of cum on my love.  I had been saving my cum for the last couple of days,
abstaining from my usual jerking off each day, wanting to please Jessica with my
semen.  I looked at her face, her movements frozen as I covered her mouth and
chin with my essence.

	I slowed my movements as my cock began to soften, my hands releasing
their tight grip on her breasts, hearing her sigh of relief.  My cock flopped
down as my hand left her breasts, springing back to their fullness, now covered
in a glistening glow of sweat and cum.  I could see her trying to breathe
through her nose trying to keep the overpowering smell and taste of my cum from
entering her mouth.

	"I am pleased with you Jessica, my love.  You please me well with your
body.  Let us continue.  If you behave, I will make you cum with my tongue and
eat out your pussy," my hands reaching down for the scissors, the skirt ready to
go next.  "Go ahead, fight all you want, Jessica, but you are mine."  My fingers
pushed tightly into her naked thighs, her skirt riding high up her naked legs,
here thighs tightening from my touch.  Her naked breasts heaved on her chest, my
cum drying on them.  I pushed out on her legs, opening them more as my fingers
reached between her legs, her panties the only thing keeping me from her naked
cunt.  I snipped the skirt with the scissors along the edge, the tearing of the
fabric ringing out in the room.  A cut at the waist and the skirt fell
harmlessly to the floor, Jessica now bound tightly to the chair, her legs
spread, tied open.  I inhaled her scent, my cock rising in response to the smell
of fresh pussy.  She might be protesting my taking of her body, but I would bet
that her pussy was already wet in anticipation.  Could my sweet Jessica be a
slut, loving being taken against her will?
	
	My head bent down between her thighs, my tongue licking up her naked
thighs.  I could feel her legs clenching and unclenching against the ropes
holding her spread open for me, unable to prevent me from having my way with
her.  I inhaled her sweet scent, a mix of perfume, sweat and primal sex.  Her
taste was salty as I lay a wet streak along her thighs, moving up higher until
reaching her panty covered crotch.  I could almost see a faint trace of wetness
on them, not sure if it was because she was aroused her scared and had allowed
some of her piss to escape.  I did not care.  Either way I would enjoy her
taste.  My tongue touched her panties and her body shuddered, an electricity
running through her body as she was forced to allow my oral ministrations of her
sex.  I straightened out my tongue into a mini cock and pushed it into the folds
of her sex, pushing her panties into her pussy.  I could taste the musty taste
as I penetrated her pussy as far as the panties would allow, moving it up and
down her pussy opening, feeling it clenching down on it, hoping to prevent any
farther insertion.
	
	My hands reached out, pushing underneath her body, grabbing that ass
that had made my cock so hard as it swayed down the hall, pulling it up higher. 
She pushed against me but my superior strength and the bondage allowed me to
have my way with her, forcing her pussy farther into my tongue. 
	
	"MMMMGGGHH," her head still shaking in protest, a faint sheen of sweat
glowing on her near naked body as she fought me.  Jessica always loved sex, but
she did not engage in oral or anal sex.  She had never sucked a cock before,
always afraid that her partner would shoot into her mouth.  She did not allow
anyone to lick her pussy, afraid she would be sending the wrong message to her
partner that she would be willing to reciprocate.  And anal sex was completely
out, an unnatural act performed by gay partners.
	
	My cock loved her half-hearted attempt to fight me.  I loved my woman
submissive, but a bit of reluctance on their part always excited me more. 
"Fight me, Jessica, soon you will be cumming on my tongue."  My hands tightened
on her ass cheeks, feeling the taut muscles.  "I must taste your juices," my
hands grabbing the flimsy garment and hearing the tearing sound fill the room as
her panties disappeared into a pile of useless cloth to scatter onto the floor
with the rest of her clothes.  I leaned back, wanting to take in the beauty of
my love before me, naked, trembling in fear, open for whatever I desired.  I had
planned for so long for this moment and I wanted to savor the moment.  I might
have just cum between her tits only minutes before but it felt like I was ready
to burst like I had not cum for months.
	
	My hands roamed freely over her body, feeling her heaving breasts,
hearing her gasp beneath the gag as I pinched her nipples too hard, moving down
her stomach, over the flat plane of her abdomen, down her thighs, but always
teasing her pussy.  I grazed it gently with my fingers, feeling her body shudder
as I did, teasing the juices from her body.  "You want this, don't you Jessica. 
You protest, but your body is betraying you."  I looked up at her pleading eyes,
tears running from them, murmurs of protest coming from her gagged mouth, her
head moving back and forth in protest.  I could wait no longer, my head moving
between her thighs again, this time my tongue outstretched, wanting to taste the
nectar of my love.
	
	It felt like a jolt of electricity hit both of our bodies as my tongue
poked between her pussy lips, my fingers pulling the petals apart, revealing her
open sex.  I tasted the salty flavor of her juices, my tongue lapping at them
like I was trying to quench my thirst.  Her hips began to move, the rope
preventing any urgent movement, but allowing a gently rolling.  It almost felt
like she was urging her thighs farther apart, opening her mound to my oral
ministrations of her sex.  My tongue ran up and down her spread slit, lapping up
the juices flowing freely from her.  I tightened my tongue and pushed it inside
her vagina, feeling it open, welcoming it.  As I pushed deeper inside her, my
tongue rasping along her pussy walls, she tightened on it, trapping it tightly
inside.  I couldn't pull it out even if I had wanted to.  I let her trap my
tongue, her surrender to me making my cock almost burst.  I reached down and
stroked it, almost ready to shoot again as I did.
	
	My fingers moved up higher, to where her clit was still hiding.  I
pulled my tongue from her vagina, it popping out with an audible sound that
could be heard by both of us.  I could see her face turn red in shame, her
wantonness humiliating her.  I peeled back her clit hood with my fingers, her
clit now exposed to the cool air of the room.  It was dark red and hard already. 
I breathed on it, my hot air wafting over the exposed nub, her body jumping in
response.  "Wait until you feel my wet tongue on it Jessica."  I could no longer
wait, my tongue shooting out and rubbing over the exposed clit, swiping at it. 
My hands pulled her ass up, forcing her onto my tongue as I licked at it like a
cat with a bowl of milk.  My tongue moved back and forth over it, feeling it
swell up to over twice its size, lust-taking possession of her body.  I pushed
my lips down over it and began to suck it into my mouth, the hot confines of my
mouth pulling it in deeper.  My tongue ran over it again, this time trapped in
my mouth.  I knew she could not hold out much longer, her juices running down
her thighs to puddle on the chair beneath her.
	
	I let go of her clit with my lips and pulled back from her body,
watching her frustrated attempts to follow me.  She was so close to cumming, but
I had stopped.  "You like that don't you, Jessica?  I will allow you to cum, but
I have one more thing to do.  I want to taste your asshole."  The urgent shaking
of her body protested my intentions, but she was in no position to argue the
point.  My hands reached down to where she her legs were tied to the chair.  I
untied one leg at a time and re-tied them, this time higher up the chair leg. 
This raised her ass up from the chair slightly, her delicate asshole now
exposed.  My tongue slowly ran over her naked ass cheeks, each time circling
closer and closer to the tiny dot that was her asshole.  I could smell the
pungent scent of her asshole and see it attempting to clench closed.
	
	"If you think my tongue is bad, wait until you feel my cock pushing deep
inside your back passage.  Your pussy might now be virginal, but I am almost
willing to bet that nobody has ever gotten you to give up your asshole to his
cock.  I will be your first to feel the pleasure of your hot and tight asshole
sucking the cum from my balls."  My fingers pulled on the edges of her asshole,
pulling her open, fighting her clenching body.  My tongue touched the opening
hole, rubbing sensuously over it, slobbering on it.  I felt her body bucking up
and down, painfully fighting the ropes holding her sweet body open for my evil
tongue.  But her asshole was mine, my tongue now running over it, unencumbered
by her struggles to stop me.  I pushed it inside her, my fingers pulling open
the edges wider, her sphincter unable to stop the penetration, only able to grip
it tightly as I plunged inside her.  My cock jerked in anticipation to the time
it would feel the grip of her sphincter on it as it fucked her.  I pulled on the
lips of her asshole, stretching them, hearing her moaning in pain as she was
forcefully opened wider then she had ever been.
	
	Tears fell from her eyes freely now, the pain of the stretching of her
asshole and the shame of having to submit to such a perverse act overcoming all
of her emotions.  I imagine how she must feel now, allowing me to run my tongue
up her asshole, unable to prevent the rape of her tiny asshole by my tongue.
	
	I continued to run my tongue in and out of her tiny asshole, feeling her
sphincter clenching and unclenching on it.  "Do you want to cum, Jessica?  My
mouth moved back up to her pussy, running up the entire slit of her pussy before
reaching her clit again.  She might not have liked what my tongue did to her
asshole, but her clit was still hard and erect, ready for whatever my tongue
would do to it again.  I did not disappoint her, my lips sucking the hard bud
into my mouth again, stretching it out, the suction forcing it deep inside, my
tongue ready and willing to bath it again.  Her body jerked in response,
accepting the tongue-lashing.
	
	If she was going to cum, she was going to cum my way.  My fingers moved
down to her wet and exposed asshole, pushing against the clenched asshole.  I
felt her body attempt to stop its intrusion, but my continued tongue bathing of
her clit prevented all except a half-hearted attempt.  I felt her asshole relax,
my finger taking the opportunity and gradually slide effortlessly along the
saliva coated passage.  First up to the first knuckle, allowing her the chance
to accept the finger penetrating her back passage for the first time, feeling
her sphincter clenching and unclenching.  As she relaxed I pushed again, this
time my finger not stopping until it was firmly buried up her asshole, my
knuckles banging against her anus.  Again the frenzied tightening on my fingers
and then the final surrender.  I moved my finger around inside her, rubbing
harshly against her linings, making her accept my power over her body.

	"Now you may cum, Jessica, but you will cum with my finger up your ass." 
My tongue again began to slap at her clit as I sucked it into my mouth.  Her
body jerked in response, my finger in her ass doing the same, reminding her of
my power over her body.  I felt her body surrender to my mastery of her body as
she allowed me freedom to do as I please, forcing her to ride my finger and
tongue into an orgasm.

	I had wished I hadn't gagged her when the orgasm hit her, I would have
loved to hear her scream in pleasure, but there would be time for that later. 
Even with the gag, her scream was loud enough.  Her body shook and tore at her
bondage, her skin turning red as she tried to clench her thighs together and
trap my finger and tongue between them.  I watched as her body shuddered in
orgasm, her pussy juice gushing out, running down between her legs and running
over the finger I had in her asshole.  I took advantage of the opportunity and
using her juices, forced a second finger sharply and painfully up her asshole
until both were fully embedded into her clenching asshole.  This sent a second,
more powerful orgasm through her body, her asshole squeezing all of the blood
from my fingers as they clenched on the duel digits inside her.  My tongue
continued to rub over the now sensitive clit, preventing her from stopping the
multiple orgasms running through her body. 

	I could feel her body continue to shake in orgasms, there must have been
at least five.  Each time her body would begin to slump down, I would force a
new one from her, sucking harder on her clit and even going so far as to bite
the swollen clit painfully the last time, twisting my fingers inside her
asshole, spreading her open wider, rubbing her sphincter, each time thrilling
her again with a new perverse pleasure.  Finally her body slumped in the chair,
unable to go any farther.  Her breathing was rapid and shallow, her chest
heaving in lust, her body drenched in sweat.  Her sex was soaked in her juices
and my saliva, her asshole still opened despite the withdrawal of my fingers. 
Her asshole fought my fingers from leaving, now wanting to be filled.




Chapter 5 Making Her Love Me

	I looked up at my love, "I have so much to teach you, Jessica.  You will
learn to love me.  We will now move to the bed.  Do not resist me.  My cock
needs your pussy."

	I untied her and pushed her over to the bed.  She resisted, trying to
fight me, but a portion of her strength had been sapped by the multiple orgasms
she encountered.  I began to get angry and slapped her face hard, her head
thrown sharply to the side by the blow.  Her cheek turned red instantly and a
small amount of blood dripped from a small cut on her lip.  Before she even had
a chance to recover, I drove my fist into her stomach, a whoosh escaping from
her lips as all of the air was pushed out of her lungs.  She started to double
over in pain but I yanked her head up by her hair, her face only inches from
mine.  "You are mine, don't fight me or I will have to punish you.  I saw the
way you spread your legs for that Reilly.  You were only supposed to be for me. 
You saw what I did to him.  I can make this very painful for you if you don't
cooperate.  Now on the bed, on you back," shoving her roughly onto the bed, her
little body bouncing on the mattress as she sprawled out.

	I saw her trembling in fear, still trying to regain her breathing, her
knees brought up almost to her chest, lying on her side.  "I said, on your
back!"  She hurriedly obeyed, turning over onto her back her legs extended
straight down on the bed, but still firmly together.  "No use being so bashful,
I just had my tongue up your pussy and asshole, it's not like I haven't seen you
naked before.  Spread your legs, let me see that pussy again," I ordered her,
laughing at her feigned embarrassment.

	I pulled her arms up to the top rail of the bed, securing them again
with the heavy hemp rope.  I looked down at her naked body as she slowly spread
her legs.  My cock was hanging over her face, only inches from her mouth.  I
could feel her hot breath on it.  Soon she would be sucking my cock.  That would
be the most dangerous.  I had to make sure that she would not bite it.  The only
way to convince her would be to hurt her first, show her what would happen if
she did any damage to my cock.  I had brought a riding crop.  I figured a few
strategically placed slashes between her pussy lips should serve the purpose. 
If during the time she was sucking my cock I felt any hesitation, a quick slap
against her pussy would remind her quickly of the consequences.  My cock
hardened at the prospect of pussy whipping her, my cock rubbing over her face. 

	"Keep your head still and spread your legs wide, Jessica," my hand
grabbing my cock and rubbing the head over her nose and lips, leaving a trail of
pre-cum as it moved.  Her lips tightened as it touched them.  "Legs wider,"
forcing her to expose herself to me again.  I watched as her pussy lips parted,
dried cum from her orgasms gluing them together until they finally pulled apart
and the pink inner lips began to show.  She had puffy lips, protecting her inner
pink pussy and clit.  "Now bring your knees up, I want you open more." 

	I moved from her head to the foot of the bed.  I crawled between her
legs, my huge cock jutting out from my body, dragging along her thighs.  I saw
her shiver in fear, the rope in my hands again.  She tugged on the rope holding
her arms above her, but I had done my job well.  They only tightened the more
she struggled against them.  I grabbed her ankle, tying the rope around it and
wrapping it around her upper thigh, securing her bent leg against it.  I did the
same with the other, her legs now spread and bent tightly back.  Another piece
of rope on her knees and I moved to the head of the bed, tying the other to the
corner posts.  I slowly began to pull on the ropes, watching as her legs slowly
moved back towards her head, her ass rising from the bed. 

	"Please, that hurts," she cried as she was being bent in two. 

	"SSSSHHH, Jessica, not a sound out of you or it's the gag again."  I
pulled the ropes again, her legs now drawn high up, her pussy now gaping open. 
"I'm going to fuck you deep, Jessica.  Hard and deep.  You will have to learn
how to please me.  You will have to squeeze my cock with your pussy as I fuck
you.  Do you understand that, Jessica?  If you don't I will have to hurt you,"
grabbing the pussy whip from the side of the bed and showing it to you.  "I will
take this to your pussy and slap it hard between your tender pussy lips.  You
cannot believe how much pain I can inflict on your delicate sex.  You will think
it cannot hurt anymore and then it will.  Will you obey, Jessica?"

	I smiled as she nodded her head in agreement.  Finally she was going be
mine.  I moved to the bottom of the bed again, moving between her legs, looking
at her gaping pussy, her juices still glistening in the light.  I saw her
asshole, now slightly swollen and red from my fingering, no longer the pink,
tiny star it was before.  I had an urge to fuck her asshole, but I wanted her
pussy first.  I wanted to show her what a good fucking was, not what Reilly had
given her.  I am sure he was such a wimp, making love to her gently.  What she
needed was to feel the strength of a real man and his cock.  Feeling him taking
her hard and fast, forced to accept her role to please me.  I knelt between her
legs, fisting my cock, rubbing it up and down her pussy slit, pushing the lips
aside as the giant head rubbed between them.  I pushed it again her vagina,
feeling it slowly begin to expand to accept it as her body tensed up, knowing it
would hurt when I first fucked it in.  "Ask me to fuck you, Jessica.  Beg me to
put my cock inside you and fuck you.  Tell me you love me and want to fuck me."

	I slapped her face hard again when she did not respond.  The shocked
look overcame her and before she had a chance to respond, I slapped her again. 

	"I-I love you Michael, ppplllease fuck me,' she cried out this time, not
wanting another slap.

	My lips came down to hers and pushed against them in a passionate kiss. 
My love said it, she loved me and wanted to fuck me.  My tongue pushed into her
mouth.  I felt her body tense as I pushed my hips forward, my cock forcefully
entering her vagina, pushing inside of her.  She was still wet from her orgasms
and my cock slid effortlessly along her silky insides.  I was in heaven, it felt
like soft hands grabbing and clenching at my cock as it pushed inside her.  She
was so hot and tight.  My tongue continued to fuck her mouth as my cock did the
same.  Her body tightened as I pulled my cock out until only the head remained
trapped and then plunged in again, tearing into her pussy as I pushed over four
inches of hard cock inside her.  I didn't allow her the time to get use to my
cock, fucking it in and out, each time harder and deeper.  I had waited too long
for this moment.  I would have more time later to fuck her slowly, she wasn't
going anywhere for a while.  I just needed relief now, my balls swollen in lust,
my hot cum waiting to shoot out inside her. 

	I pulled back from her lips, watching her tear filled eyes, her mouth
clenched in pain as I fucked her hard.  She was now receiving all of my cock in
each painful fuck.  Her insides clutched on my cock as I pushed in, pulling out
slowly until her pussy trapped the head of my cock.  It was then another quick
stab of my cock inside her, feeling the head bang up against her cervix, her
body jolted in pain.  "You're a good fuck Jessica, too good for the slime
Reilly.  Now grab my cock with that sweet pussy of yours and make me cum."

	"Don't cum inside of me, please don't," she begged.

	My fingers reached down to her clit and began to tug and pull on the
hard bud, watching as her hips rolled up and down in response.  "Cum with me
Jessica," I ordered her, fucking her hard.  Each time a gasp came from her lips
as I pushed hard into her cunt.  My hand reached under her body again, searching
out her asshole again.

	"No, not there again," she pleaded with me with no success.

	My finger found her asshole, still wet from the fingering before and
pushed inside her.  I could feel her legs trying to open to allow me greater
access and lessen the pain as my finger matched the rhythm of my cock.  In went
my cock and my finger, pushing hard as if they were trying to meet.  Her body
arched and bucked beneath me as she suffered the impalement of her body by my
cock and digit.  I needed to cum now, I could not wait any longer.  I twisted
her clit hard, making her feel my power over her body.  I felt her body reacting
to my mastery over it, could feel her ready to cum again as I fucked her asshole
and pussy,

	"Cum now, Jessica, cum with your lover," I cried out, burying my cock
deep inside her, deeper then I had ever been.  I felt her body tense and then
burst into an orgasm, another finger finding her stretched asshole and plunging
ruthlessly up her back passage, pushing aside the delicate tissue as it bore
deep inside her.  She bucked like a horse, riding my fingers and cock as she
came all over my cock at the same time I let loose my sperm deep inside her.  I
could feel my hot cum shooting inside her, her pussy clamping tightly on it as
my balls slowly emptied their contents in her pussy.  Our cum ran down between
her legs, soaking my hand, my fingers still buried up her clenching sphincter. 
Another hot load shot inside her, my fingers twisting inside her, feeling my
cock separated only by a tiny sheet of skin.

	Her eyes were shut tight, her face reflecting the orgasms that were
ripping through her body as we came together.  There was no longer the fear, the
tears of pain, only the pleasure that my cock had given her.  She was mine, to
love me and to fulfill all of my pleasures.  I slumped down on her, my cock
slowly deflating inside her, her pussy refusing to allow it to leave.  I
corkscrewed my fingers out of her asshole, letting her feel the knuckles rubbing
hard against her insides, wanting her to get use to me using her asshole for my
pleasure.  Soon, she would have to take my cock up her asshole.  I kissed her
lips, feeling her tongue searching out mine in response.

	I slowly got up from her body, my cock dripping cum between her legs as
I did.  "You're a good fuck, Jessica, so hot and tight."  I got off the bed and
moved towards her head.  I fisted my cock and moved it towards her head, her
eyes opening wide as she saw my intentions.  Her lips clenched tightly and her
head moved in the opposite direction.

	"I want you to suck my cock, Jessica.  I want to feel your sweet lips
wrapped around my big cock until I am ready to cum.  Then I'm going to cum in
that mouth of yours and make you swallow it.  Are you going to perform for me,
are you going to suck my cock."

	I saw her head shake, a "mmmmmm," the only noise coming from her mouth.

	I picked up the whip, a black leather riding crop about one inch wide. 
It was perfect for a pussy whipping.  It would push deep between her pussy lips,
striking her on her sensitive inner pussy.  " This is what happens to little
girls that don't listen to their daddy's.  And just a reminder of what will
happen to you if you don't swallow my cum or think you have a need to bite my
cock."  My hand brought the whip up high, Jessica's head still turned, hoping
that it would preclude me from carrying out my perverse plans with her mouth. 
Her first thought of anything strange was the sound of the whip breaking through
the air.  I'm sure it took a second before the pain registered in her brain, but
when it did, my cock hardened at the results.

	The scream that tore from her lips rang out in the room.  I should have
used a gag, but I much rather liked the surprise factor.  Her mouth opened an
out popped "AAAAWWWWW, OOOWWWWWW."  Her legs tried to clamp together as the whip
pushed aside her pussy lips and struck hard between them.  Her body bucked up on
the bed, but the rope did there job, holding her naked and spread before me.  I
saw her eyes opened wide, tears running down her face.  I'm sure that the pain
on her open sex was enough to convince her, but I wanted to be sure.  I let the
whip slice through the air again, this time her eyes following the arched path
of the whip as it again tore into her pussy, this time my aim better, hitting
her directly on her sensitive clit.  I laughed aloud as she screamed again,
"GGGGGODDDD, OOOOWWW," her body heaving within in her bondage, unable to stop me
from my sadistic beating of her pussy.  Again, I raised the whip, wanting to be
sure she understood.  I slammed it into her pussy, her pussy lips spreading out
before it as it tore into the delicate flesh of her pussy with a splat.  By the
sound of it, she was getting wet from being pussy whipped.  She screamed again,
she might be getting wet, but it was also causing her great pain as her pussy
began to turn an angry red, her clit swollen to twice its former size.

	"Are you ready to suck my cock, Jessica?" 

	"Y-yes," she stammered.  "Don't hit me again," she begged, her eyes on
the whip I still held in my hand.

	"Do a good job sucking my cock and I wouldn't have to, but I will keep
it here in my hand just in case.  Now open your mouth very wide and get ready to
suck my cock.  I will teach you how."  I moved closer to her head, my hands
grabbing her and pushing her face towards my hard cock.  She did not resist, my
hands guiding her every movement.  When my cock touched her lips her mouth
instantly opened, her lips parted wide, my cock sliding over them.  My cock
twitched when it felt her hot breath, tiny droplets of cum leaking onto her lips
and tongue.  "Now wrap your lips tightly around it and begin to rub your tongue
over the head of it.  Taste my cum on your tongue.  I have so much to fill your
mouth with it."

	I settled back and felt her tongue begin to hesitantly play over the
head of my cock.  A tap of the whip on her spread pussy and she became an avid
cocksucker.  Her mouth sucked for all it was worth, drawing my cock farther and
farther into the confines of her hot mouth.  Her tongue continued to bath my
cock, my cum continuing to leak out into her mouth.  I tapped again, laughing at
the power I had over her, making her suck even harder.  For someone that was
adamant about not sucking my cock, she was becoming very good at it.  "Take it
deeper, Jessica, feel it hit the back of your throat.  Breathe through you nose,
soon you will have to take it down your throat," the whip tapping her clit, her
hips jerking around in response.

	I saw her eyes tear and her throat gulping as her gag reaction began. 
My cock was pushing against the back of her throat, forcing itself in deeper,
her gagging massaging my cock.  Another tap with the whip, this time harder on
her clit and I pushed with my cock, feeling it begin to enter her throat.  Her
gurgling sounds increased my pleasure as her throat tightened on my monster cock
now blocking her passage.  "Breathe deep through your nose, you're not going to
suffocate, just accept it."  I let my cock pull from her throat, her lungs
quickly filling with air again before I pushed in again.  I tapped her clit
again, Jessica now knowing that was the signal that I would push in her throat
again.  She choked and gagged again as my cock slipped down her throat, this
time going farther.  Her eyes pleaded with me to no avail.

	"I'm going to fuck your face now, Jessica.  Just like I did your pussy." 
My hands gripped her head tightly, I did not want her moving.  I began to push
my cock in and out of the hot confines of her mouth, never completely leaving
her lips, but each time go farther and farther into her throat.  My hands rubbed
her neck, feeling my cock sitting inside her, almost able to masturbate my own
cock while inside her throat.  I tapped her clit each time with the whip as I
entered her throat, the gagging less frequent now, her hips rising up to meet
the whip as I tapped her.  Her face was red, her sweet lips wrapped tightly
around my monster cock, splitting her lips apart.  Such a sight my love was,
ready to receive my sperm in her mouth.  The whip tapped her clit more often
now, each time I hit her harder as she squirmed around on the bed.  I was ready
to cum and I think she was going to also.  I pushed the whip between her pussy
lips and began to saw it up and down her slit, making sure that it rubbed
harshly over her swollen clit.  I pushed deep inside her throat, my first load
of cum dumped directly into her stomach. 

	I pulled my cock from her throat, leaving it sitting heavily on her
tongue as she ran over it as the second load of cum shot inside her virgin
mouth.  I felt her body shudder, betraying the fact that the whip had made her
cum.  I saw her gulping, trying not to drown as her mouth was rapidly filling
with my hot, salty cum.  A third and forth shot filled it again, some leaking
out the corner of her mouth as she tried to swallow all of my spunk.  Her body
shuddered again, the whip still running over her clit, a few times I hit it
sharply.  My last load shot out, my balls now emptied again, this time in her
virgin mouth.  I let my deflating cock sit limply in her mouth, letting her
tongue taste my juices.  I finally pulled out, my cum leaking onto her lips, cum
dripping down from the corner of her mouth, my cock temporarily satisfied again. 
I still had her asshole again and the thought of that already sparked a new fire
in my cock again.

	"You suck cock good, Jessica, for someone that never did that before,
you sucked it like a pro.  And you came again, this time from the whip.  What am
I to think of you when every time you cum, even when I whip your pussy?"

	Her head hung in shame, her mouth still filled with the taste of my cum. 
Let her get use to it, I had so much more for her.

	I untied her legs and arms again, this time giving her time to stretch
and rub them.  I then got the rope again and I ordered her, "on your knees,
facing the top of the bed and place your hands on the headboard."  I grabbed her
wrists and tied them securing to the headboard before she had a chance to
contemplate her predicament.  I saw her eyes open wide as she realized what I
was going to do to her.  "Yes, Jessica, it is time to take your asshole.  My
cock is big and it is going to hurt, but I think you will cum for me.  You
always do," laughing as I spoke.

	"Please, Michael, not in my ass, it's perverted," tears running down her
face as she begged me.  Her eyes looked down to my cock, already hard in
anticipation, knowing that she was not going to persuade me differently, sobbing
as she realized her fate.

	I went to the foot of the bed, admiring the view she presented.  On all
fours, legs spread slightly, her pussy pouch red and swollen from our previous
fucking, her asshole peeking out from between her cheeks, a dark pink from my
previous fingering of her private hole.  I crawled on the bed, her head turning
back to plead with me.  I grabbed my cock in my fist, stroking it with long
strokes, bringing it to its maximum size and girth, wanting Jessica to feel all
of the mastery of my cock.  I pushed down on her back, "arch your ass up for me
Jessica, I want you open for me."  I saw her reluctantly comply with my wishes,
pleased that she was finally accepting the power I had over her body.  I saw her
hands clenching as my fingers touched her naked asscheeks, rubbing sensuously
over them.  "Your ass was made for sex, Jessica and I will be the first," my
cock jerking in anticipation of being sheathed tightly within her ass passage.

	Her head shook from side to side in rejection of my plans for her, her
fists clenched tightly.  "Ask me to fuck your asshole, Jessica?"  I ordered her
in a loud voice.  She turned back at me, a defiant look in her eyes.  My hand
shot out, slapping hard on her right cheek, my handprint showing a bright red on
the alabaster flesh.  She gave out a yelp, which I followed up with another
quick slap to her other cheek.  The slap of my hand hitting her naked flesh made
my cock harder then I had ever felt it before.  It took two more sharp slaps to
her ass cheeks, both of them bright red in response to the punishing blows
before I heard her whimper.

	"Put your cock in my backside, Michael," she whispered quietly.

	Another sharp slap and her voice boomed up, "fuck my asshole, please."

	My fingers spread her ass cheeks out, her asshole exposed to my gaze. 
My fingers pulled on either side of the tiny opening, watching as it opened,
slowing revealing the dark depths inside her.  I heard her moan in pain as her
asshole began to open, forced by my fingers.  I took the bottle of baby oil and
slowly poured it over her ass, allowing it to run freely all over.  It would be
such a good feeling to squirm all over her slippery ass all the while my cock
was deeply embedded in her hot and tight asshole.  My finger returned to the
tiny dot and I felt her hesitation as it slowly began to twist and turn, seeking
entry in her back passage, aided by the slippery baby oil.  Her sphincter could
do very little to stop my fingering and the tip of my finger quickly slid inside
her asshole.  I heard another whimper coming from her lips, feeling her
sphincter clenching and unclenching on my digit as I twisted it around the tiny
opening.  I inhaled in the scent of her asshole, a slight repugnant smell offset
by the smell of her sex already juicing up in response to the inevitable taking
of her asshole.

	"So tight and hot, Jessica, you don't know how much your body pleases
me," my finger pressing deeper and deeper, rotating as I plunged into the depths
of her asshole.  "Yes, Jessica, let your asshole fight me," feeling her body
trying to expel the intruder that ruthlessly plunged up her backside.  It was
not used to having something push in, only out.  No matter how much Jessica
tried to overcome her body's defenses, she could not stop them from trying to
force out the invader. 

	"No, no," her head shaking as she cried out from the degradation of the
act I was inflicting on her body.  Her asshole continued to push out, clamping
onto my finger as it tried to push it out like it was designed to do.

	My finger was now buried deep inside her asshole, my knuckle bumping
against her anus, rubbing harshly over the sensitive mouth of her asshole.  I
felt her squirming beneath me, my finger twisting and turning deep inside,
wanting her to feel the complete control I had over her body.  I took a second
finger, it smashing against the mouth of her asshole before it began to press in
along side of the other, her anus now stretching wider to accept the two thick
fingers forcing their way into her asshole.

	"Please, no more, it hurts," her tear filled eyes pleading with me as I
watched her asshole stretching open wider, her sphincter clutching tightly on my
fingers as they gripped it like a giant rubber band stretched to its limit,
ready to snap from the strain.

	"Yes, Jessica, you are so tight, but you can take my fingers.  There is
so much more.  My cock awaits the opportunity to feel the grip of your asshole
as it fucks you.  So much more stretching you will have to suffer to please me,
Jessica, so much more," laughing as I finger fucked her asshole.  I buried the
second finger along side the first as she heaved and bucked beneath me, two
inches wide of thick finger punishing her asshole, shoving aside the silky
insides as she fought me every inch of the way.  Finally I had both fingers
buried deep inside her, the mouth of her asshole stretched wide, the pink color
now turning white as it was forced to accommodate the thickness of my digits.  I
twisted them inside her, spread them open while deep inside her, all to hear her
moan in pain.  My cock was throbbing in expectation, the sound of her voice as
my fingers violated her exciting it beyond anything that I had ever experienced
before. 

	"Hurts too much," she cried out in pain as my fingertips spread deep
inside of her, opening her insides as they moved around deep in her, forcing her
clenching asshole to accommodate their thickness.  "No more," she begged, her
pleas falling on deaf ears, my cock now controlling my body, not caring about
anything except the desire to fuck poor Jessica's pulsating asshole.  I felt her
body slump down as I pulled my fingers out of her asshole with a loud pop, her
anguish and embarrassment overcoming her senses.  Her relief was short-lived, my
cock returned to where my fingers had been, ready to replace them.  She shivered
in fear as the hot head of my cock pushed against the slightly swollen asshole,
still opened from the fingering.

	I poured more baby oil on her ass, making sure it covered my steel-hard
cock pushed against the tiny asshole.  Although she had been speared by two of
my thick fingers, it was nothing compared to the size of the crown of my cock. 
It had to be at least three inches wide, swollen to its present state by the
excitement her asshole would bring to it.  I pushed my hands down to the side of
her hips, grabbing her tightly, ready to control the movements of her hips,
ready to show her how to fuck my cock.  I slowly crawled up her back with my
body, wanting to be able to fuck her as deep as possible, wanting to her feel
the mastery of my cock in her asshole.

	"No, don't, please don't," her last attempt at persuading me causing my
cock to twitch in anticipation.  "GGGGGGRRRHHHH," she cried as I began to push
down on my hips while my hands held her hips up, never letting her escape the
cock that was slowly forcing itself into her back passage.  "AAAAAHHH, God, take
it out, don't," feeling my cock slowly stretching back the skin of her asshole,
forcing it to almost tear as my head, now hard as a rock began to push inside. 
I could feel my piss slot sucked into the hot confines of her asshole, her
sphincter clenching onto it.  Another shove and half of the head was now inside,
her sphincter trying to push it out, my cock twitching into even greater
hardness as it slowly penetrated her asshole, aided by the liberal amount of
baby oil.

	I could not hold out any longer, my hips shooting out sharply, forcing
the head of my cock to push inside her pulsating asshole, her sphincter grabbing
it just under the ring, squeezing it like a pair of child's hands jerking me
off.  Her scream in pain thrilled my cock, as she bucked underneath me, my
strong hands the only thing that kept her from pushing me off.  She was like a
bronco, intent on throwing me off, my grip on her hips allowing me to tame the
beast within her.  "Relax, Jessica, it's in, time to take daddy for a ride,"
feeling her body reacting to the intruder in her, her insides clenching on it,
pushing out to expel it. 

	"Don't move," she begged.  The pain of withdrawal the same as entry,
willing to allow its presence to prevent any further pain. 

	I began to move her hips slowly from side to side, her asshole forced to
massage my cock head as it moved around inside her clutching asshole.  "Relax,
Jessica, " I whispered into her ear, "get used to my cock inside your asshole." 
I was in heaven, this lovely little girl, naked and spread before me, my cock
grabbed tightly by her asshole as she fucked me so lovingly.  She was mine to do
as I pleased and I wanted to fuck her.  "I want you to take my cock deep inside
you, Jessica.  Please me with your asshole."  I pushed down on her body, feeling
my cockhead begin to slowly sink further into her body.  I jerked forward, then
pulled back, then forward again.  Each time I was forcing her asshole to take
more of my cock.  I entered her rectum with my cock, the hot confines sucking me
deeper into her body.  Her clenching asshole forced me to use greater force each
time.  I began to rabbit fuck her, using short, hard thrusts into her asshole
each time.  I would enter her a 1/2 inch deeper every time, pull out and then
plunge in again, each time reaching new uncharted territory, places where no
other cock had ever plundered.

	Jessica was screaming in pain as I fucked her.  It was music to my ears. 
Each scream of pain brought about another rabbit fuck into her asshole, my cock
tearing into her body, plundering her virgin asshole.  She might have fucked
Reilly, but her asshole was only mine.  And I wanted her to remember this night
forever.  The night that my cock took her asshole for the first time.  My hands
held her hips tightly, forcing them right to left, massaging my cock as I pumped
my cock deeper into her asshole.  I had over half of it in her now, her asshole
looking like it would tear and bleed if it stretched any longer.  I did not
care, my cock was intent on fucking her as deep as possible.  I no longer
controlled my body.

	"OOOOWWWW, t-take it out, to bigggg," she screamed in pain, her hands
grabbing the headboard tightly, her face clenched in pain as I tore into her
asshole with my steely dick.

	"More, Jessica, you have to take more," rabbit fucking over 3/4 of it
inside her, over six inches of hard cock being massaged by her clenching
asshole.  I jerked forward again, this time wanting to bury all of my cock in
her asshole.  I shoved hard down on my hips, pulling up on her hips as all eight
inches of my cock slowly slid along the slippery baby oil and plunged deep into
her colon.  I felt her body jerking in pain, as her colon was forced to
straighten out to accept my cock.

	Her scream rang in the room.  Good thing the building was empty, I'm
sure it would have been heard on the sixteenth floor.  It must have felt like a
steel bar was being forced up her ass as my cock achieved its goal of being
tightly sheathed in her asshole.  I stayed still, my cock jerking around inside
her as it was massaged by her clenching asshole.  I did not know how long I
could remain motionless, my desire to fill her colon with my hot cum superseding
all others.  My hand reached over and pulled the wet hair from her face, her
tears running down her face in a continuous stream now.  "You have all of my
cock now, Jessica, how does it feel?" making my cock jerk inside of her, wanting
her to feel how I now controlled her.  Again I jerked my cock, feeling her jump
in pain as I did.

	 "Take it out, finish with me quickly, it hurt so much, OOOWW," she
cried, my throbbing cock inside her jolting her body in pain.

	"Soon, but first you will have to make me cum, take my cum deep in your
asshole."  She moaned in pain as I bent over her body, one hand reaching under
to grab her crotch with my big hand, my fingers slipping deeply between her
slippery slit.  "It may hurt to have my big cock in your asshole, but your pussy
is wet with desire."  My other hand reached one of her dangling tits and began
to pinch the nipple hard, twisting and turning the hard nub, feeling her body
squirming beneath me.  I began to abuse her body with my hands, tearing at her
pussy and nipple with my fingers.  I gripped her clit between two fingers,
twisting and turning it in rhythm with the one on her nipple.  She arched her
body up, forcing my cock in deeper into her asshole, the pain forcing her to
pull back down, allowing my cock to slip sensuously from her asshole as it
clutched it.  She began to fuck my cock, the pain of my fingers forcing her
actions, my cock forcing the reaction.

	"Cum in me, hurry," her hips becoming a blur as she fucked me harder and
harder.  I know she must have been in extreme pain, her face contorted, sobbing
loudly, but her asshole continued to fuck my cock in and out.  It pulled back
until only her sphincter trapped the head, then she fucked her hips back,
forcing her asshole to suck my cock back into the depths that could only being
painful. 

	My cock had never felt anything as tight and hot as her asshole.  While
her pussy was good, it could not compare.  Knowing that she was submitting to my
cock, knowing the pain I was inflicting on her, yet she continued to fuck me,
trying to make me cum.  Her love for me was real, her love for my cock.  My
fingers on her clit became more tender, rubbing over the swollen nub, feeling
her surrendering to me, her hips now rotating onto my cock up her backside. 
"Tighten your asshole on my cock as it pulls out from your body, make me cum,
Jessica.  I will reward you with my hot cum."  I slapped her ass cheek, feeling
her asshole clench in pain on my cock.  "Like that, do that again, Jessica," my
hand slapping her again.

	"Ok, just don't slap me again," grabbing my cock with her asshole as I
dragged it from her body. 

	It was hard to pull from her body, her asshole so tight, grabbing at my
cock as I pulled out.  When only her sphincter trapped the crown of my cock
would she relax her asshole, allowing my cock to plunge all eight inches of hard
cock into her in one forceful stroke that knocked the wind from her lungs.  I
could not last much longer, I needed to blow my wad in her asshole.  The first
of many times I would.  My fingers continued their ministration of her clit,
feeling her body betraying herself.  I was going to force her to cum.  Cum when
she was being fucked up her ass.  "Can you cum for me, Jessica?  I am going to
fuck you until you cum first.  I can go all day, can you?"

	"Yes, make me cum, make the pain stop, pllllleeease," she shouted in
pain, her clit pushing deeper into my fingers, hoping to make herself cum. 

	I felt her body shudder, recognizing the signs that my love made when
she came.  Gurgling sounds came from her mouth, unrecognizable noises from the
combination of pain and pleasure that she was enduring.  Her body clenched onto
my cock, her orgasm rippling through her asshole, massaging my cock.  "Take my
cum, take it deep inside you," pushing my cock deep inside her, feeling her body
jerk in pain as it tore up her asshole.  I began to shoot inside her, the hot
salty sperm coating her abused asshole.

	"GGGGODDD, h-hurts, ccccuuummming," her body confused, unable to contain
all of the conflicting emotions within her.  It felt like gasoline was poured
into her asshole, the salty cum reacting harshly to the abraded tissue in her
asshole from the pounding his cock had inflicted on her virgin asshole. 
Repeatedly he poured her full of his cum.  Her stomach gurgled as her asshole
began to fill with the copious amount of sperm, a literal sperm enema being
inflicted on her body.  Her pussy dripped her cum all over his hand as he
continued to masturbate her to multiple orgasms.

	Finally we both slumped over into sexual exhaustion.  The multiple
orgasms, the bondage and the pain were too much.  Jessica slipped in and out of
consciousness, the heavy weight of me still on her back.  Our heavy breathing
filled the room, the smell of sex permeating throughout. 

	My cock began to soften within the confines of her asshole. I had been
fucking her for a long time, the need to piss becoming strong.  I was ready to
pull out of her when a thought came to him.  I always had a desire to give a
woman a piss enema.  My cock began to harden with the thought of it.  I would
have to hurry if he were going to succeed.  "Stay still, don't fight my cock
with your asshole.  Just take what I am going to give you."

	Jessica's head popped up, the confusion on her face showing.  She felt
the cock inside her straining, not able to comprehend the results.  Suddenly she
felt a hot liquid filling her colon, knowing that he could not be cumming again. 
It dawned on her, he was pissing up her asshole.  I was giving her a piss enema. 
"No," she shouted back in anger, "No, NO, NNOOO" as I continued.  The hot piss
burned her back passage, the pain igniting the abraded flesh.  She felt her
stomach begin to swell, the large amount of piss filling her.  Her stomach began
to cramp, the piss mixing with the sperm I had deposited in her.  She began to
cry loudly, her degradation complete.  She hung limply as I used her as my
personal toilet.

	I pulled my cock out leaving my piss inside my lovely girl.  I let her
body fall on the bed as she had all my cum and piss up her asshole.  It was so
fuckin' hot. I started to get dressed feeling totally spent.  It'd been the best
fuck I'd ever had. I wasn't going to let go of Jessica so easily. She was going
to become my own little fuck slave whether she liked it or not.

	I moved over to her pulling her hair and her head tilted back.  Her eyes
were red and puffy from crying and screaming so much.  "Now Jessica did you like
that?"

	Her eyes searched mine.  Those pretty brown eyes didn't have the same
glow or innocence they used to have.  "Y-yes master.  I loved it all."  She
responded quickly.

 	I took Jessica with me that night.  I wrapped little body in a big towel
and carried her to my car.  I got the keys to her car and drove us to my house. 
We drove in silence as her hands were tied with a rope as she sat in the back
seat.

A month later......

	I was sitting on the bed of the trashy hotel room smoking myself a
joint.  Jessica was on the floor on her knees in a leash like a little puppy.  A
tall older man walked in looking down at my precious baby.

	"How much did you say again?" he asked in a deep voice.

	"I told you depends on what you want from her," I responded petting
Jessica.

	Jessica was quiet and kneeling next to my leg rubbing herself on me. 
She loved me and she was mine.  She'd finally accepted the fact that she wasn't
getting away from me. 

	"I want to fuck all three holes of her," the man demanded.

	"Ok then it's really gonna cost ya."  I got up and made a deal with the
man.

	I looked down and saw Jessica smiling up at me just like she did when I
first met her.  "Ok baby, now please this guy or he ain't gonna pay up."

	She nodded in agreement.  I walked over to the man and let her go.  "Ok
she's all yours but you better not beat her.  That's my job.  Just let me know
if she was good because is she wasn't she's in big trouble."

	The man and I shook hands and I waited outside.  A few moments later I
could hear moans and groans coming from the hotel room.  I smiled to myself in
satisfaction knowing I'd turned Jessica into a really nice prostitute.  She was
going to me making me tons of money I just knew it.
	
	Now I can still close my eyes and see her in that sexy little business
suit.  The way she smiled at me and how sweet her voice was.  She used to be so
kind and sincere.  Yes she was a real saint.  Not anymore!

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone Jessy19


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





