BDSM Library - Big Girls Do Cry




Big Girls Do Cry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I was determined to make my pony girl cry ...when a lover offered her help.
Big Girls Do Cry
Copyright 2003 by Fox    (writerfox@fastmail.ca)

IT WAS JUST A LITTLE TEAR. A tiny spot of saline fluid, not big enough to be
considered a drop, welling up from inside a duct just beneath the orb of the
eye.

It was involuntary - she would not have formed it if she had control. The tear
grew rapidly, seemingly instantaneously. It gathered size, and then, when the
duct could no longer hold it, it slid out into the cool air of the room.

I watched as the tear peeked up from the tender pink skin in the corner of her
eye. It slowly wended its way forward, and then burst forth to slide down the
rounded smooth flesh of Maliia's cheek, leaving a trail of glistening fluid
behind.

It was just one little tear. But it was enough.

Well, almost enough.

Maliia cried out in pain as my pony whip cut a cruel swath through the air and
left a red welt on her naked haunch. I laid a second stripe just centimeters
below the first.

My little pony Maliia had disappointed me. I wanted more tears. And I would have
them. I stepped before her as she stood in her bondage. With her head tilted
back as it was, the tears - for now there were several - dribbled down her cheek
toward her ear. I stepped closer, close enough to feel her hard nipples press
against my chest, her firm flesh against mine.

"Maliia, my little pony", I whispered softly. "Why did you disappoint me so this
afternoon?"

She moaned a reply, but the leather gag muffled her, rendering her incoherent. I
licked a salty tear from her face as I slid my hands down her firm buttocks to
the moist warmth between her legs. Holding her tight against me, I gave her ass
a resounding smack. Maliia cried out again.

I stepped back to admire my handiwork. The judges had scored her poorly in the
dressage competition. My little pony Maliia did not lift her knees high enough,
nor kept her head erect enough, they said. After all my training and
encouragement, too! Clearly, Maliia needed to be taught a lesson.

Her arms were locked behind her in a single glove, elbows touching. The bondage
thrust her small breasts forward in a most enticing way. I had tied her long
black mane into a pony tail, then, using a small leather braid, tied the pony
tail to the top of the armbinder. This pulled her head back, raising her chin,
exposing that beautiful soft throat. I so enjoyed kissing and nibbling that
stretch of warm brown oh-so-vulnerable skin!

She balanced precariously on one slender foot, supported by a 5 inch heel. I had
raised her left foot high by running a strap beneath her leg and around the
middle of her back. Cinching it tight, her left knee was pressed into her
middle, just below those perky breasts. To ensure she would remember to raise
her knees high, I had placed a second strap around her thigh and ankle so that
they touched. A rope, one end attached to a ring in the ceiling, the other tied
to the armbinder and leg straps, kept her upright. Of course, she had to do a
lot of balancing, too, especially as I whipped her ass, right thigh, and
breasts.

And I had whipped her, too. I knew Maliia to be a proud little pony, one who
sometimes fought the reins. It was very important that I impress upon her now
who was the Master. That first tear said that she was learning. It was a start,
but the lesson was not over yet. That gorgeously rounded bottom I so loved to
caress was criss- crossed with angry red welts from my pony whip. Every time I
slashed at her right thigh, she gasped and wobbled in her bondage. Her knee
almost gave out when I slashed her inner thigh, the tender flesh not accustomed
to the burning kiss of the whip.

Her breasts had not escaped my attention either. I had flicked at her nipples,
causing the gold chain attached to her nipple rings to jangle. The soft
underside of her little beauties are particularly sensitive, I discovered.

And now I paused in my handiwork. Maliia had been tied thus for quite some time
now. Perhaps the tears spoke to her willingness to submit; perhaps not.
Truthfully, at this point I really was not too concerned either way.

Migod she is beautiful! I thought as I admired this lovely creature in bondage.
I placed my hand upon a breast, caressing it, squeezing the delightful flesh as
I leaned forward to place a kiss on Maliia's exposed neck.

"I see somebody's been up to no good," came the woman's voice from behind me. I
raised my head.

"Maliia, this is my friend Xue Lan," I said without turning around. "Maliia,
greet my friend properly as a little pony should."

Xue Lan laughed as Maliia whinnied like a pony.

"Good girl," I said, stroking Maliia's flank. "Mistress Xue Lan is going to
continue your training while I go run some errands." I kissed my little pony on
her cheek, then turned to my guest. I folded my arms around Xue Lan in a warm
embrace. "She's all yours," I said. "I'll be gone for an hour or more, so have
fun. And don't do anything I wouldn't do".

I felt a female hand in crotch fondling my male hardness.

"I can see there's much you would like to do," laughed Xue Lan. She gave me a
knowing squeeze.

I smiled. "Perhaps the three of us can get together later," I proposed.

Chinese eyes crinkled and sparkled. "Perhaps", she smiled.

I turned back to Maliia. "Be good, little pony."

Maliia's eyes were wide as she realized I was turning her over to a stranger.

As Xue Lan stepped closer to her new plaything, I left the room.


+++++++++++++++++++++++++


ALMOST TWO HOURS had passed before I pulled my car back into the driveway. I
noticed that Xue Lan's silver boxster was still parked in "her" spot. We were no
longer partners in romance nor in business, yet remained lovers and friends. She
was a frequent guest and still claimed a parking space. I smiled as I walked up
the front steps. I well knew Xue Lan's tastes, and could imagine what Maliia had
been experiencing. And would yet experience.

And then, there was my suggestion of a menage a trois to be considered, too.
Every man's fantasy: two beautiful women, and I had a few ideas involving
leather, rope and rubber, too!

As I opened the door, I could hear Xue Lan's voice coming from my downstairs
playroom. Apparently she was still amusing herself with my disobedient little
pony. With eager anticipation, I headed down the stairs.

I almost came in my pants! Xue Lan was working her magic on little Maliia, and
the results were electric!

A light sheen of sweat glistening on her supple body, Xue Lan stood before her
captive. She was wearing her favourite domina's outfit - latex stockings
clinging like a lover's kiss to slender legs, a leather corset pinching that
already perfect shape into an hourglass, ripe breasts rising and falling with
every breath, nipples brown and hard. Her beautiful hair, naturally inky blue
black, had been died to an auburn shade that complimented her exotic oriental
looks in a way that no occidental could hope to mimic. Turning at the sound of
my entering the room, Xue Lan glanced back over her shoulder and blew me a kiss.
I admired her magnificent ass as I walked over. The thought of touching,
kissing, tonguing that rounded flesh made me even harder.

As tasty as Xue Lan was, what she had done with Maliia was truly a feast for the
eyes.

"Well little pony," I said, taking one of Maliia's tender breasts in my hand.
And they must be tender, for a tiger striping of pink welts adorned each. The
nipples were swollen, obviously sore. Maliia moaned at my touch. "I see Mistress
Xue Lan has been taking good care of you, yes?"

Maliia grunted her confirmation of my assessment as best she could, for Xue Lan
had kept her gagged. The bondage, while simple, was quite creative and very
effective. Standing, Maliia had been placed with her slender back to a wooden
frame. She had to rise on tip toe in order to straddle the wooden "saddle" that
protruded from between her legs. I noticed that Xue Lan had generously provided
some padding over the harsh wood - I hoped Maliia appreciated the kindness.

Maliia's arms were passed over and then under a wooden bar, her wrists tied to
strategically placed rings just behind her back. Cotton rope circumnavigated her
chest several times. It was tied off to the wooden frame, pulling her backwards,
securing her in place. More cotton rope had been passed around her arms just
above the elbow, then pulled tight, drawing her elbows close enough to almost
touch. The ends of the rope were then tied off to the wooded frame. Maliia's
upper body was effectively immobile.

I don't know whether Xue Lan had begun the whipping discipline she so loved to
administer before or after raising Maliia's feet from the floor, tieing them off
behind the frame. Not that it mattered to me. I wondered if a butt plug had been
used, for I noticed the wooden support nestled between Maliia's ass cheeks. If
so, she would be very uncomfortable!

Maliia was covered in sweat and tears and fiery red stripes. Mascara was smeared
all over her face - obviously big girls do cry.

I felt a tapping between my legs. I felt a hand around my waist, sliding between
the buttons of my shirt, caressing my waist. Looking down, I saw Xue Lan's
riding crop insinuated between my legs. I laughed as she rubbed it up and down
my thighs. Her hand slid under my waistband, tickling my pubic hair.

"Mmmm, giving a whipping makes me so very horny," she growled, nipping at my ear
and nuzzling my neck. Xue Lan pressed her luscious body close. I could feel her
hard nipples through my shirt. She grabbed my cock. "Take off your clothes."

Maliia's eyes never left mine as I unbuttoned my shirt. Xue Lan began stroking
my hardness from behind, sending shivers of delight and anticipation through my
body. I unbuckled my belt, unfastened the waistband, and unzipped. My pants slid
down my legs to a heap at my feet. Placing a hand on either side of my boxer
shorts, I slid them down too.

Using my cock as a handle, Xue Lan turned me to face her. I leaned forward and
kissed her neck, slowly sliding my moist lips down her shoulder and collar bone
to her breast. She threw her head back in pleasure as I suckled on her nipple -
the hot, hard flesh felt so good inside my mouth. Xue Lan pushed my head down
lower. I left a trail of kisses and nips down her flat belly, pausing to stick
my tongue into her navel, teasing the tight button of flesh. She pushed my head
down further.

Crinkly pubic hair tickled my nose and chin as I sought out her innermost flesh.
I could hear Maliia's whimpers of desire and frustration, to watch us make out
while she was bound and helpless. I imagined her rubbing herself against the
padding between her upraised legs. Perhaps she would find pleasure that way,
perhaps not. I did not care, I was consumed with my own desire.

I used my fingers to part Xue Lan's coral lips, freeing the hard rosebud of her
clit. The little passion button sprang to life as I flicked it, first with my
fingernail, then my tongue. Impatient, Xue Lan ground my face into her hot
female centre. I licked and sucked hard on her clit, her labia. I stuck my
tongue as far into her as I could, flicking it back and forth against the wet
flesh. She was delicious, her musk filling my olfactory senses, her skin and
juices tasting of fire and desire.

Xue Lan thrust herself into my face. In her passion, as her climax hit her like
a tsunami striking the shore, she struck me across the back with her riding
crop. It must have hurt, but I didn't notice. I took her ass meat, one lovely
cheek in each hand, and held her captive while I brought her to orgasm.

"Oh-ohhhhh-ohhhhh!" she growled from above me, her body shaking with pleasure.

My face was wet with a melange of Xue Lan's juices and my own spittle when I
pulled my head away. Still holding those marvelous cheeks, I looked up. A deep
throaty laugh of pleasure rumbled from within Xue Lan's chest as she leaned
down. Taking my face in her hands, she kissed me, a long slow, hard kiss that
felt like it could last for three days.

"Your turn," she said, breaking off the kiss. She stepped back from my lover's
embrace, leaving me on my knees, pants around my ankles. Xue Lan released
Maliia's ankles from their bondage. Maliia's eyes closed as her high heels
touched the floor. The wooden saddle ground itself into her.

Xue Lan fiddled with some wing nuts in the frame, and moved the saddle to its
lowest point on the frame. She placed her gloved hand in the fur between the
pony girl's legs. Maliia moaned into her gag and thrust her hips forward. Not
releasing the girl, Xue Lan looked over at me. She smiled.

"Your turn."

I stood, and stepped over to the two women. Xue Lan took me in her free hand,
and guided me toward the cleft between Maliia's splayed legs. I needed no
encouragement. Like a teenager in heat, I thrust my rigid cock into the hot, wet
orifice. I began to move inside the captive slave girl, reveling in the
sensations racing through my body.

"Don't move," whispered Xue Lan in a husky voice. I stood still, wondering what
she was up to. I soon found out.

Stepping behind the wooden frame, Xue Lan took hold of my wrists and pulled me
forward, pressing me against Maliia. I could feel her breasts flatten against my
chest, a most delightful sensation! To my surprise, I felt my wrists being
crossed, then rope being passed around them. In seconds I was tied to the frame,
pinning Maliia beneath me. There were worse fates, I thought!

Xue Lan pushed my legs together and tied my ankles. I felt Maliia's right foot
being raised and tied just behind my right knee. The same thing was done with
her other foot, crossing her right at the ankle and being tied off to my left
leg. She was pinned to my cock like a butterfly on a board. I grew even harder,
granite hard.

When the riding crop slashed into my buttock, I jerked in surprise, burying my
cock to the hilt inside my little butterfly ponygirl.

"Fuck her, hard!" growled Xue Lan in a breathy snarl. She slashed her whip
forward to punctuate her command. With painful pleasure, I obeyed, pounding
myself into little Maliia.

My little pony's eyes rolled back in her head as she mewled with pleasure and
pain at the merciless fucking she was enduring/enjoying. She bucked as her own
orgasm grew, pounding herself against me as I pounded against her, two waves
flowing in opposite directions.

"unnh" I grunted as I felt the seed race from its hiding places inside me to the
straightaway of my cock. "UnnHHHH!" I groaned as I exploded in pleasure.

"MmmmppHHH!" screamed Maliia as she exploded in pleasure.

"Ahh!" exclaimed Xue Lan with satisfaction as she watched her two captives
explode in mutual pleasure.

"Whew!" I said as my hormones slowed their frantic pace. "Ah, Xue Lan, my sweet
Snow Orchid, you have a wondrously wicked imagination!" I wriggled my hands so
she would release me. I was eager to test Maliia, to see if she had learned
anything from her discipline.

A hand in my hair pulled my head back.

"Silence slave, or I'll gag you!" hissed Xue Lan, her crop pressed against my
Adam's apple.

Uh oh, I thought.  This was not what I had in mind when I suggested the three of
us enjoy each other! But then, I've always thought that when opportunity knocks,
you should answer the door.

I looked into Maliia's almond eyes. The beautiful chestnut orbs were moist  ... 
tears? could they be glistening from pleasure?

"In fact, I WILL gag you!" I felt a rubber ball pressed hard against my lips. A
pinch of my nose ensured my mouth would open, and it was in.

To my surprise, Xue Lan unbuckled Maliia's gag. The pony girl flexed her jaw,
licked her lips. Then she ran her tongue around my lips where they embraced the
rubber ball.

"You were right, Mistress," she said, fixing me with those dark eyes. "He will
be fun to play with!"

I blinked in wonderment. I swore I could hear an opportunity rapping at the door
...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fox


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





