BDSM Library - Stephanie's New Life




Stephanie's New Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: While quite lengthy, these letters are quite real. They tell beautifully the budding relationship between myself, several women and their transformation into Dominants.  And, of course, the complete transformation of the key subject, Angel (or Stephanie) into a full time slave and servant.  Even as long as it is it is a beautiful story, made more beautiful because it is a real stroy of the road to discovery that is all too rare in this world.
Stephanie's New Life

Background:  Angel is a beautiful submissive whom I met online a few years ago. 
While she lives overseas, we have had a very intense D/s relationship that has
sometimes been on again/off again.  She has evolved into what I would call a
prefect submissive in that she is so eager to please and, while sometime very
nervous about following my direction, she always does so to the best of her
abilities.  The long distance D/s relationship has been able to be successful
because Angel is willing to enlist the assistance of acquaintances who will act
as surrogate Mistresses for me and also follow my direction to ensure Angel's
submission. 

After an extended off again period, right after Christmas, 2002 we started
writing each other again.  She had moved back to the U.K., which is where she is
from, and had started a new job.  While basically rather shy and introverted
with few friends and deeply repressed, she possesses a strong desire to submit,
and she was willing to commit herself again to me and let me point her life into
new directions.  This new relationship is different is while I always save all
her letters to me over the years, I also saved my own letters to her.  They
outline, with complete honesty and no editing, a relationship that is something
more beautiful than anything either of us could have ever imagined.  We are
real.  The letters are real.  And all of the situations and things that happened
and still are happening are very real.  I have changed some of the names,
companies, and locations so as not to invite damage.  I am sharing Angel with
you now starting in the beginning of 2003, when her life really began
.................




Jan 6, 2003

Sasha, my (erstwhile) Mistress ...

I still think of you that way Sasha.  Is that silly of me.  I know it's been
such a long time since you probably thought of me in that way, but still,
sometimes, I sit here wondering.

I read your message in messenger, and a warmth swept through my whole body.  You
cant imagine how it felt. And when I read of you thinking of my bottom being
marked, well, it was just so ... well, so wonderful.

Sometimes, I sit here naked, thinking of having been naked at your wish.  I miss
that part of my life so much sometimes. 

Enough of that... I'm not going to be mournful.

I have left the office I used to be with now.  I have a new position, called
Sales Mentor, for a company in XXXXXXXX.  Basically its just a training job, but
specifically in generating and promoting sales.  Its fun though, and almost all
of my 'students' are women, so I am more comfortable.  They used to be clients
of mine, and they offered me a full time job.  My boss,
Xxxx , is wonderful. I have known her for about 5 years I guess, since I was
sent to their old offices before the sell off. (The company was in trouble and
so XXX put some capital into them, and a team of us were put in to help 'turn
things around',  Im not too sure how much I helped in the turnaround, but Xxxx
must have been pleased.  She phoned me out of the blue in February last year,
and I took it without a thought.

I have a new flat too.  Ground floor of an old house (1895) quite close to the
center of town.   There's not much to it, but it has really high ceilings and
enormous windows.  And its warm - which is vital at this time of year.

I am in my office just now.  There are four offices here on my floor.  And a
training room, fitted out like one of the shops.  Gosh, aren't I being boring.
I'm sorry.  I just thought you might like an update. 

I miss Lugano though,  and the friends I met there. I went back over Xmas, just
for 4 days, and had a great time.  Drank far too much though.  Im sure I must
have showed myself up, but I cant remember if I did or not, and no one was cruel
enough to say I had. But I think we were all much the same.

You know in your note, you said you had read through my old mails to you.  I
wish now that I had kept them, but with one thing and another they have gotten
lost.  I remember most of what happened, but I wished I had your mails, just to
remind me of how you had once thought of me as yours. 

I've made a number of friends, none in particular. Perhaps the closest to me is
the daughter of the woman who lives upstairs from me.  She is a darling, if a
little cheeky.  Her mum is nice too.  Sometimes we share a bottle of wine and
watch TV together.   (me and her mum that is, lol).

Anyway, I better go.  I'm sorry, Miss, if I have bored you at all.  There's so
little else happening in my life that I have only the  fantasy stuff to tell you
about. 

Do write back, please.  What is happening with you?  Do you sub for anyone these
days?  I often think of you with your friend, the Mistress, and wonder ...

Happy New Year Sasha

x

Jan 6, 2003

I just have to tell you this, I feel I must.

I have just visited the bathroom, here at the office, and I masturbated myself,
wildly, thinking of how things were.  Of my submissiveness and of you, and my
trips.

You were apart of it, so I just felt that I had to tell you.

I was lucky too.  I had just finished when I heard the door open.

Oh, there is something else to tell you.  I meant to say it in my earlier mail. 
It just slipped my mind, sorry. You mentioned in your messenger message about my
shaved pussy.  I have allowed my pussy hair to grow again.  Oh I keep it neatly
trimmed, but it is grown again, for some time now.  Sorry if you are
disappointed.  It was just that there didn't appear to be much reason to keep it
clear.

Well, that's all.  Have to get on with some work.

x

Jan 6, 2003
There is very little you could ever do to disappoint me, Stephanie.  I am so
glad to have heard from you and to be updated in what is going on with your
life.  It definitely sounds like you are doing very well for yourself.  Are you
still in the Geneva area?  I did notice that you said nothing about personal
relationships.  I would hate to think that someone as tender, warm, honest, and
kind would not be sharing all her love with someone, male or female.

Personally, life is going along just fine.  Still consulting with small retail
businesses and having to travel while doing so.  No heavy personal entanglements
though I did have a short lived relationship with a young lady from England. 
She was mid 30's not too tall with dark hair.  When I heard her accent,
honestly, I flooded my panties in about a minute.  Everything you and I had done
came rushing back to me to the point that I did have to sit down.  I knew I had
to have her because I knew that listening to her speak was just like listening
to you.  She eventually did notice that I did most of my listening to her with
my eyes closed.  I did tell her about you and I and let her read a few tamer
letters you wrote me (I do have every single one, would you like to read a few?)
but she eventually did tell me that she felt she was living in your shadow and
couldn't compete.  I have no Mistress.  What I did back then was something I did
for you.  CaraBeth is still a friend and reminds me about that experience
sometimes though I haven't thought about repeating it.  That is something that I
would only do with the love and support of yourself.

I really did do it, Stephanie.  And I would do it again in an instant if you
only but asked me to.  You did so much at my behest showing your true feelings
that I really feel that I would be remiss if I didn't desire to do the same for
you out of the same feelings of love.  I know exactly what you did for me and
with whom from your letters and dairies.  And what happened to you was
oftentimes painful and humiliating.  But you and I both know that it was your
feelings for me that strengthened you through those sessions and allowed you to
experience sexual fulfillment.  Well, my dear, it was exactly the same for me
during that long, painful, night being raped and beaten repeatedly.  I screamed,
I cried, and I bled.  But knowing that your were there with me in spirit and how
you felt about me also allowed me to orgasm more than I ever had before or
since.

And don't be shy, my dear, about telling me you have pubic hair.  Pubic hair is
nice.  Shaving it is mostly symbolistic for a sub and also shows others that you
do pay special care to your appearance down there.  But women who are very hairy
also have their allure.  Especially if their bottom is hairy between the cheeks. 
Hair hides, magnifies, and traps a woman's essence wonderfully.

Reading about your happenings has warmed my heart, dearest.  Then reading about
you masturbating in the ladies W.C. has aroused similar feelings in myself.  So
I will do the same.  While writing the last few sentences, I have lifted my
skirt to above my waist and lowered my hose and panties down to just above my
knees.  This sentence I am typing very slowly with one hand.  The other hand is
doing exactly what your fingers and tongue would be doing were you safely
ensconced under my desk between my legs.  This sentence I am writing with both
hands but there appear to be little wet, sticky marks left on each of the keys I
touch.  I wonder what causes that?  This sentence will be the last before I
totally let go.

Ahhhhh, Stephanie.  I closed my eyes and there you were, nude from the waist
down, kneeling up on my desk with your precious bottom right there before me. 
You had relaxed your muscles so that I could see that very special, dark, place
winking at me, begging me to penetrate it with my tongue.  As I was doing just
that, my fingers brought me to a shuddering orgasm. Golly, you are wonderful! 
You are my most precious Angel.  My heart flutters with the thoughts of you
being that Angel yet again as you always have been in your heart..........

Your ever loving Sasha

P.S.:  I would absolutely kill to have newer pictures of you, Angel.  For nudes
of you I would do almost anything ........anything........you have only but to
ask.


Jan 7, 2003

Mistress

Its nice to type that.  I realize its not my place to, but I thought about
starting with that for an age, and I just so wanted to.

I don't have anyone at the moment, you know, any relationship.  I did have
someone I was really close to, for a while but she was already in a relationship
and started (quite rightly) to feel badly about having an affair, so things sort
of fizzled out.  We still write one another but that's all.

As for you wanting to see my photos.  I'm not sure you would want to.  I have
been diagnosed as having gallstones, following a couple of bouts of severe
abdominal pain.  They advised me to go on a completely fat free diet, and so -
after just 3 months I have gone from my 8st 4 (116 lbs) to 7st 1 (99 lbs).  So I
am quite a waif now.  I feel pretty healthy though, and haven't had any pains
since I started the diet. 
Still, it was a good excuse to replace my wardrobe.  I splashed out on myself at
Christmas, with new trousers, skirts and a couple of new dresses, and panties. 
Yes, I wear panties most of the time these days.  Like you said about having a
smooth pussy, it just wasn't the same when I thought about not wearing panties
just because of my own whim.  I do go without sometimes, just to feel as I used
to, but it still isn't the same.

I still don't know how to say this next part, other than just to say it ... so
.. Well, I still do show myself sometimes. Just at the sports center, while
changing and in the shower.  I swear that sometimes some of the women do look,
and I love to think that they do anyway. I languish in the shower sometimes for
5 minutes, and I take my time dressing. But that, sadly, is about the extent of
my sexual activity at the moment. I do sometimes have a fantasy that one of them
might approach me and slap my bottom.  Some have stopped and chatted to me while
I was nude, or while getting dressed, but never to fulfill my fantasies.  Oh, I
do get excited, even just being there naked as they talk to me, it doesn't stop
me masturbating myself at the thought of them seeing me naked.  As I think back,
when I was clean shaven I always felt so much more naked, do you understand. 
More people used to look - I guess just because it was unusual.

Sorry, Im rambling on now.

My closest friends now, outside of work, are Jo and her daughter, they are my
neighbors. Her husband left her about 2 years ago, but she is enjoying what she
calls her 'life of ease'.  She is really jolly.

At work, Xxx is my boss, She must be about my age, but something of a tyrant
sometimes.  She is quite big, you know, overweight, but she does fancy herself
and wear all of her clothes too tight.  The others I work with are nice too. 
It's worked out quite well.  We are working on a project to develop scripts for
sales teams at the moment.  Lots of role playing between us all, and some of the
girls from the local shops.  Its great fun.

Well, I should go and get on with some work again I suppose, and as for being
your Angel again ... well, I would be honored my sweet Miss Sasha.  But you know
that.  To be your Angel again would give me that purpose, and sense of belonging
again.  That feeling of importance, that's part of what I felt before, that I
was important.  That my going without panties, and being clean shaven was
important - it was important to you.  I was braver too.  I was definitely braver
when I was doing things for you.  I dressed in less clothes, I showed myself
more freely, I was just generally braver.  And I had some freedom from being
submissive like that.  It was liberating.

Well.  I don't know what else I can say now.  I hope you know how I feel, Miss. 
I will beg of you, if you wish.  I would be proud to beg you to take me again. 
And I would do my best to find some new contacts, and try to please you.  I have
been quite conservative in the new clothes I have bought, but I could get some
others if you wished.  Actually, I have seen (but not yet been in) a
lingerie/clothes shop not far from here, called "XXXX, Xxxxxx", and the window
is adorned with both lingerie and micro mini skirts and such.  Its beautifully
pink, everything about it, the logo, the lighting, backcloths, everything.

Gosh, I've started to ramble again.  Sorry Miss Sasha.
Oh, one last thing ... I would like to see some of my old mails to you.  It
would be lovely to see if my memory serves me as well as I believe it to.
Oh, I am sorry Miss, but I do remember what you went through with Mistress
CaraBeth.  And I still feel awful that some of it was at my request.  I wrote to
Mistress CaraBeth a number of times.  She is fascinating, and very Domme, just
from her mails, so I can well imagine what happened to you was every bit as
extreme as you said.  I'm sorry Miss.

I will go now.

x

Jan 7, 2003
Sweetheart,

I was so elated to hear back from you so soon.  I am glad to hear more about
what has been going on with you.  I was sad to hear that your health faltered
but feel better because you say you are o.k.

Just because you have lost weight is not a reason to think that I would not wish
to gaze upon you, dear.  Stephanie, the whole person is whom I am interested in.

Your letter did indicate to me that you feel a little lost in your life right
now.  Everything is going well for you employment wise and all but you seem to
be lacking direction as far as your relationships go.  It would seem that your
personal life is sort of vanilla because of how sexually charged everything was
for you
when you were living to obey my direction.

I can also feel your longing for a return to those days when everything was so
exciting and the burden of decision was lifted from you in trade for the lighter
burden of only obeying.  I can feel that you do wish to beg me to be your
Mistress again and to resume control over you.

Me doing so is a large commitment for us both, dearest.  I think, to be fair, we
both need to show each other how deeply we are willing to undertake this newer
commitment.

How do you show your willingness, you might ask, dearest one.  And how do I show
you mine?
This is what you will do for me, Stephanie.  I do want to see what you look
like.  In fact, I require it.  I need to see the following:

1.  A picture of you as you are now dressed.
2.  A picture of you as you are now in bra and panties
3.  A picture of you nude showing me your trimmed hair
4.  A picture of you after you have removed that hair.
5.  A picture of you shaved bald spread open with the
word "angel" written over your pretty pussy in black
marker.

In your next letter you may also tell me how far you are willing to go to submit
to my wishes and desires, dear one.

I hope you wish to go through with all of this and be my Angel again.  When I
can call you Angel again, we will both work hard at changing your wardrobe and
eliminating your need for undergarments.  We will also nurture your need to show
yourself to others and be punished for that transgression.  We will keep you at
a fever pitch for most of your waking hours.

I am also forwarding to you several of your past letters.  See now why I can't
get you off of my mind.  I am already looking forward to your next letter and
seeing you after all this time.  You do make my heart beat so much faster.

Hoping to be your loving Mistress very soon,

Sasha


Jan 8, 2003

Sasha

You know me so well in so many ways and yet in one important way you show that
you don't know me at all or i haven't explained myself to you or whatever. I
don't want you to sub for me. not today, not next week, not next year, unless i
change my whole personality, my
whole being. I cant bear that sickness i felt the last time you went to Mistress
CaraBeth and it came back to me when you mentioned her in your mail, and you
said about what i had said should happen to you, i was sick in my stomach at
just the thought of it. I had a loathing of myself that i had done that, you
must know that being Domme is not an election, its not something you decide oh
today i will be forceful and decide ways to have this person or that treated
abusively. its who you are and i am not that person you think me to be. And I
cant be that person, not even
temporarily.
Sasha, you say my life is vanilla and so it is but i am happy enough and i like
my own company and I will find things to do and enjoy and at some time everyone
has to accept that all they have are memories to live on, and i have mine. I can
cherish what i was, however briefly it was, but for me it was so intense that it
fills a canopy. I have more to think back on that many
people do at 50. Be happy Sasha, and get in touch with CaraBeth.

Jan 8, 2003
Stephanie,

I did not say once that I wished to be submissive to you.  You misunderstand. 
It is you I desire and only in the submissive role that you do so well in.  Cara
knows our situation and why I did what I did back then.  She knows that I did it
to show myself, mostly, how deeply I felt about you and how committed I was to
you.  Maybe my desire to do so was your fault in some very good ways.  You were
so perfect back then in that you honestly did live for my beck and call and you
performed so perfectly and so honestly.  I almost felt guilty that maybe I
wasn't worthy of someone like you.  Doing what I did was more for showing myself
that I was worthy of your submission, love, and devotion.
My God, Angel.  I don't know anyone who has met someone as precious as you.  I
showed you this entire new world and you blossomed like a flower.
I have given many hours of thought since I wrote you yesterday.  And I realize
that I don't really desire to see CaraBeth. I realized that, after all the time
apart from you, that I do have the ability to bring more of this magical world
to you.  I have no reason to feel guilty about being the right one for you.  I
want to treat you like the wonderful gift from above that you are and use my
relationship with you to make me a better person.  I mean, isn't that what it is
really all about?
I know you say that you have done more in your life than most people and you
have plenty to look back upon.  But why stop there, Angel?  It is not about
where you have been.  It is about where you are going.  I really believe that
you and I have to risk going too far to see how far we really can go. I want
you.  I want to picture you packing all your panties up in a suitcase and
storing them away in a back closet.  I want you sitting wet at your desk
after having masturbated in the ladies room for the third time that day.  I want
you shaved, showering for long periods at your health club and then lovingly
oiling your nude body in front of whom ever desires to view you, not knowing
that what is glistening on your thighs is not oil.  I see you as the best
customer of that exclusive ladies store you found and having a young clerk watch
you in the dressing room as you try on everything there.  I want to introduce
you to a world of toys and devices that will keep pushing you over the edge
whenever you use them.
I don't need carabeth anymore, Stephanie.  I need you.  I want to be a part of
you and to be a part of widening that canopy you mentioned.  I also remember how
much what I did then hurt you inside.  But please remember what I wrote above
and why I did it.  And I did read between the lines in your letter and went back
and read a few you wrote me more recently (see?  Saving them is a good thing!) 
You wrote me once that you felt that what you and I had been doing was wrong and
perverted.  I sense that those feelings remain to a certain degree within you. 
I understand your feeling in that respect and, as before, I feel that those
feeling are unfounded.  It would be worse for you here in the U.S.  Here our
society has those puritanical roots.  Those were those people who were so
straight laced and prude then even England kindly invited them to leave 400
years ago.  Those "moral" roots here provide people with a foundation for guilt
that pervades our society.  Without going into historical diatribes here, dear,
my personal feelings are that what we did then and what you did for me then was
not perverted.  You are a consenting adult.  And what you did did nothing to
hurt anyone else nor did it force anyone else to do anything they didn't desire
to.  You have to live your life by what pleases you and fulfills you, Angel. 
Living up to other people's standards only serves to please them, not you.  All
I can say is for you to remember how your heart flutters when you thought of
what you had done.  Remember your body's reaction when you thought about you
doing it again.  Think about how, when you are nude in the dressing room and
someone comes up to talk to you, how desperately you desire to chat with them
and gently, unconsciously (to them), you wish to gently spread your legs so that
they can see the excitement flowing from your lips.  Remember how delicious you
felt in the office when you were in a meeting without panties with something
lodged in your bottom when everyone else thought you are the hard headed
professional.  Remember the joy of release you felt when masturbating in a stall
in the ladies room after chatting with me and how refreshed you felt when going
back to your desk.  But most of all you need to remember that when you walked
back to your desk you looked at the others there and wondered if they only knew
what they were missing in their lives by not having that delightful avenue for
joy and release that you have and how drab their lives must be without it.  All
those feelings you have felt and still do that warm you all the way down to your
pretty toes (and toes I would love to kiss) are not wrong.  Those feeling are
some that alot of people never get the joy of feeling throughout their entire
lives.  That you do feel them is an ultimate gift to yourself.  There can be
nothing wrong
with that.  Gifts like that come from above, Angel.  if they are given, it is up
to us to make use of them.  Not doing so would be life receiving something very
special for Christmas and then deciding that it is too nice and never taking it
out of the box.
Let yourself go to me, Angel.  Call me Mistress.  Place your pretty self into my
capable hands and let me guide you again to the joy that awaits you.  Give
yourself to me.  It is time for you to leave that comfort zone and re-enter that
exciting fear zone of your life.  Look at yourself in the mirror and tell
yourself that today you choose to do whatever it takes.  Walk faster, talk
louder, and Smile!  What lies between the start and the end of your journey is
discipline.  Discipline yourself to me, Angel.

Sasha


Jan 10, 2003


Mistress,

I am happy to call you that, as I know you do have it in you.  Whether or not
you are a 'switch' or not, you do have the right qualities to be Severe and
Dominant.  And just as you described being submissive as being a gift, so is the
ability to have, show, and use your domination.  I think back on the mystery
that was in your notes to Mme Martine, there were many times when
I have wished that I knew how you talked of me in them, and what you told them
to do to me.  And the beauty of command that was in your letters to me.
They were so special, so irresistible.  You know, I read and re-read them, over
and over, and I so wanted to show them to someone, to a friend, to show how I
was yours, to show them my true nature and your power over me.

I confess that I am hesitant.  I don't know when, or if, you might bring up the
idea, or the need that you should suffer for me.  Just as you said to me that
you feel I should be true to myself, so should you, and even if it is only as a
whim, if you do ever feel a need to be submissive, then you must say.  I do know
the pleasure there is in submitting, in humiliation,
in punishment.  My darling Mistress Sasha, I do understand.

Please be as true to yourself as you wish me to be.

As for me finding some of the things I do disgusting, well, I confess that I do. 
But, part of they joy, inside, is the feeling that I do disgusting things, that
I follow your instruction and do finger my bottom, and wear exposing clothing
even in public, that I allow people to do things to me.  The 'normal' part of my
brain says this is wrong, but the emotional
in me finds it all so very exciting.   Please forgive me Mistress for my
judgment sometimes.  Please know that it is only part of me that feels that way. 
In other important ways it is important and special to me.

I will wait to hear from you Mistress Sasha

stephanie - angel

Jan 10, 2003

Mistress Sasha,

Thank you.

Tonight I am due to go up to Jo for dinner, but I will be thinking of you, and
of things I will do for you.  And thinking of sharing with someone the joys of
my servitude and my depravity.

xxxx
angel

Jan 10, 2003

Angel,

I wish your messenger was truly up and running.  I would love to chat with you,
if only for a bit. Good to hear about dinner tonight.
Do this for me.  Print out the last letter from me.  Take it with you.  Fold it
into a long strip and insert my letter into the crotch of your panties
next to your pussy and let it remain there during your dinner engagement.  That
way you will know that I am with you and will remind you of how desperately you
wish to tell josephine about your desires and
submission to me.  And of course, if you desire, you may show
her the letter.  If your juices haven't soaked the ink
right off of the page!
We will need to discuss wardrobe and your personal grooming habits very soon. 
it would be easier to do so via chat rather than letters.

Mistress

Jan 10, 2003

My Mistress Sasha,

I will do as you say, and put your last mail to me in my panties while I go to
josephine, and I will see if I can tell her about you Mistress.  I will try.

I am afraid the servers here at the office don't allow the use of messenger
Mistress, but I will see if there is a way to get onto Messenger.

The times I get to see your mails are when I visit Dotty, another friend of
mine.
I will see what I can do Mistress.

angel

Jan 10, 2003

Angel,

Tell josephine ONLY if you are comfortable with doing so.  Sometimes the fact
that you have a secret like this is more delicious then her knowing.  I also
would never want to risk your friendship with her.  The fact that you know that
my piece of paper is there next to your pussy, probably being drenched the whole
time, will be a constant reminder to you of your status.  Of
course, I do know that you will be masturbating furiously well into the night. 
Hopefully you still have some of the toys you bought back when and put
them to good use. And I also have heard nothing from you about my
requirement to see you, Angel.  I think you will agree that it is a necessary
thing.  It will also afford you the opportunity to share yourself with someone
visually, even if it is me.

I love you deeply, Angel.  I wish you only secret pleasures and joy tonight!

Mistress

Jan 10, 2003



Mistress,

I don't have a camera, but I imagine that Sxxxx has a digital one.  She has most
techno gadgets - I know she has a PDA and a wap phone, so she will probably have
a Camera.  I will ask her when I next see her.

As for josephine, I don't know what her reaction might be, but she was perfectly
cool when I told her I was gay.  She had been badgering me about why I don't
have a boyfriend when we had had a little too much wine one night, and she was
fine with it.  She even told me that one of her longest standing friends was
openly bi.
I don't think it would be as hard to tell her as it would be anyone else. 
That's not to say that it would be easy.  But if I did, then I'm sure I would
have some sort of relief, that someone else knows.  But I am all confused now
... lol Anyway.  for now I will just do as you say and just hold the paper there
and not tell her.

angel   x

Jan 10, 2003

Mistress,

I am confused now.  Do you want me to tell her Mistress?  And should I show her
your note?
I am sorry about chat, but I have tried here before and the proxy server does
not allow chat.

I am sorry Mistress, Forgive me

angel

Jan 10, 2003


Mistress Sasha,

It's probably easier for me not to tell her then Mistress.

It feels good Mistress, to have felt excited again.

angel

Jan 10, 2003

Dos it feel good enough to go to the ladies room and to run your pretty fingers
through your pubes until you cum for me, Angel?


Jan 10, 2003


Yes Mistress, It did.  lol

x

Jan 10, 2003

I am so glad it did, mon cher.  I do think that we need to modify your daily
office schedule so that you are masturbating quite frequently for your Mistress.
I think that the following masturbation schedule is
good:
-  Right after you arrive at work
-  In mid morning when all the vanillas take their
coffee break.
-  Right after your lunch
-  And again in the mid afternoon.

And of course, your off work hours belong to me as well.

Please also list for me the sexually related toys you still possess.  Please
include things like clothespins for your lovely nipples and vaginal lips.  With
a camera, you will be demonstrating your abilities to use them for me.

Mistress

Jan 10, 2003


I will keep to the masturbation schedule you have described Mistress.  And - as
for my time away from work, of course it is yours.

As for 'toys', I am afraid the only thing I still have is the small vibrator. 
It was the only thing I thought I might still need.  Sorry Mistress

angel

Jan 10, 2003



Well, I am off in 5 minutes.  I will maybe pop around to Xxxxxx's at the weekend
if she is there.

Have a good weekend Mistress.

angel


Jan 12, 2003

 Dearest angel,

I am writing you Sunday so that you will read me first thing Monday.  I hope
your weekend went wonderfully and I hope to hear all about it.   Especially your
dinner with josephine.

I do need to know if you were able to secure the use of a camera, my dear.  If
you need to borrow one, I would be happy to write a letter to the owner
explaining why you need it.  I do need to see those pictures of you before I
have you shave yourself. Having both before and after is important.

As we talked about before, we need to adjust your daily regimen so as to include
both myself and your submission as an integral part of it.  Therefore, you will
need to acquire the following items:

1.  A small butt plug.  This will become your best friend as you will be wearing
it 24 hours a day removing it only once a day for bowel movements.

2.  A larger sized vibrator.  Please don't be shy and pick a size that
intimidates your sensibilities. You must have something to aspire to.

3.  A clitoral vibrator of the type that has elastic straps that go around your
thighs.  It has a small wired controller that can be carried in a pocket and it
can be worn all day.

4.  4 nipple clips with metal teeth sheathed with rubber that have weights
attached to the end of the clips.

These will do for starters.

You will, of course, be packing away your panties into a back closet sealed in a
plastic bag.  I will want you to urinate on the pile before sealing them away so
as to eliminate temptation to pull out a pair and wear them.  You will keep
aside 7 pairs of old cotton panties to wear when it is your time of the month.
On the front of each pair you will write the day, i.e. Monday, Tuesday, etc.,
and on the rear of each you will write the word "unclean".  All writing will be
done in black magic marker.

 You will sleep totally nude except when it is your period.  You will wear the
butt plug 24/7 except to remove it at 6 p.m. to move your bowels.  When you
remove the butt plug to do so, you will wipe off the end and hold the plug in
your teeth while you void yourself, reinserting it promptly thereafter.

In your home, you will always be naked from the waist down.  In the mornings,
you will put on your skirt, dress, or pants right before you leave, and in the
evenings you will strip as quickly as you can.

You already have your masturbation schedule for work. At the home, it will be as
follows:

1.  In the shower right after you have shaved yourself daily.  (After I have
seen you before you have shaved that first time)

2.  In your kitchen right before you finish dressing to leave for work.

3.  In the evenings, in your foyer right after you strip for me when you arrive
home.

4.  And twice after you have turned out the lights and retired to bed.

Add these to the schedule I gave you Friday.  And of
course this schedule might be supplanted by other "activities" we decide for
you.  We will also incorporate the use of the above toys into your schedules
after you have acquired them.
This will start you off nicely, angel.  Of course you and I will be expanding on
it over time.  Hopefully reading it has made you desire to run off to the
ladies room to alleviate the sexual tension that is filling you to overflowing
at the moment.  I know that this is all what you desire to complete your life. I
told you before that I love you enough to control your every waking moment and
to totally dominate your sexuality.

I can't wait to hear about you and josephine. If you were able to talk with her
and she was open to our relationship I would love to try to enlist her help
to at least ensure your compliance with my requirements. In a perfect world I
would eventually have her flogging your bottom for me so that I may see it in
stripes.

Immerse yourself mentally in all the possibilities, mon cher.

Your Loving Mistress


Jan 13, 2003

Mistress

I have read your mail.  Thank you.

I will, of course, from now follow your schedule of masturbation, and will try
to get out and find somewhere where I might buy the things you ordered.

As for josephine, I had a lovely time on Friday night, and again, we went our
together shopping on Saturday.  We must have had almost 2 bottles of wine
between us on Friday, and were both a little tipsy.  We talked quite alot about
Jackie, josephine's bi friend.  Jo admitted that Jackie has approached her
sexually, and if she fancied her she might have gone ahead, but although jackie
is a dear friend she just cant think of her sexually.  Apparently Jackie is a
'bit butch' and not at all attractive, though she has a heart of
gold.  Anyway, conversation went on to whether I have 'anyone' at the moment,
and I told her about you.  Well, actually Mistress, I lied a little.  I told her
that you and I were mailing each other, but that we used to live together when
we were In Lugano - Sorry Miss, it just came out that way. She asked about you
and me, and I told her it was a 'special' relationship, and she badgered me over
it and eventually I told her that I was your sub and you my Domme.  She just
kept saying 'how exciting', and ever after that she called me 'Stephie the sub',
like when she asked me for a drink or whatever.

I am sorry Miss, but I didn't show her your note.  I had been to her bathroom
half way through the evening, and masturbated myself (thinking about Jackie to
be honest) and the note was in a real mess.

We went out shopping together on Saturday, but didn't buy a thing.  We just did
lots of looking, and drank copious amounts of coffee - we needed it after the
wine, lol.

I have to go now to meet some new salesgirls.

Will write more later.

angel x

Jan 13, 2003

Angel,

I am so glad you had a wonderful time with josephine.  I can only imagine how
excited you were.  From the way you related it it seems like she is a very
understanding person who is intrigued by both your preference for girls and also
your willingness to put yourself into someone else's hands and submit to their
whim.  I do feel that the vast majority of women are fascinated by both to some
degree.  We are all always checking each other out so it is obvious we have more
of a physical interest in our own sex.  I believe that all women are bisexual if
only the right person presents herself to them.  Who knows?  You may be that
right person for her.
I also feel that her interest in your submission, especially evidenced by
calling you "stephanie the sub" for the balance of the evening, shows that she
respects that you are willing to subject yourself to the desires of another and
also in that you are willing to let yourself be controlled.  Like I said, most
women dream of doing this at some point I guarantee she has been thinking about
not only her being as you but also her controlling someone as
willing as you.
The way I personally would play this with her would be to question her if she
only calls you 'stephanie" in the near future.  If she calls you "stephanie the
sub" as if your name has changed then you have her definite thoughts and
interest.  If she doesn't call you that again, innocently ask her why she
dropped "the sub" off of the end of it.  After all, it is what you are and you
enjoy that she should call you that.  If she does want to call you that then she
is ripe to be taken a little further.  I would then approach her
innocently about how to use your digital camera and also to help you take some
pictures of yourself.  This would be an excellent way to help bring her along if
she shows a willingness to be lead.  It is safe because you two would not be
doing anything of your own ideas.  The pictures aren't your idea.  They are
mine.  You are doing it for me.  She is only helping.  She'll feel safe in that
you don't have any overt (to her knowledge) designs on her and she will probably
be flattered that you trust her enough to ask her to
help.
Did you like everything else in my letter, angel?  Is your precious body
adjusting well to all the attention you are giving it know?  Was it the
attention that it needed, my angel?  Does your pussy need to be taken to
the ladies room and played with right now?  Do your fingers need to be licked
clean afterwards?

Mistress

Jan 13, 2003

Mistress

I just received a mail from Jo, she has invited me to eat there again tonight. 
I told her on Saturday that I would be working late tonight, and she invited me
to come up and she will warm something up for me.  She has done that before for
me, when I have worked late, so its not especially because of Friday.  We have a
sort of arrangement. You see she hates washing up, so she prepares things and I
do all the washing up and putting away.  lol.  So she has method you see.   I
presume its ok for me to go Mistress?

The other thing she mentioned was that they called for me yesterday.  Jackie was
visiting her, and she wanted us to meet, actually - what she said was she wanted
me to see why she didn't fancy Jackie. 

They must have called when I went out for a walk.  I like going for walks.  Even
in this cold weather.  Its great to stroll around and think sometimes.

There is one other thing I want to tell you about. Tomorrow I am going to be
working in what we call the warehouse (its not just a warehouse though, it has
mock shops, counters, and display stands for prototyping).  Previously, JXxxxx
has told me that she has been into Hotmail Messenger from their PCs,
apparently they don't go through the mail servers.  Anyway, I will try. 

I like going over there, Its all open, and there is a very pretty girl who works
in the office space, she is really the receptionist, but she really runs the
place.

I will check in later to see if you have written
Mistress.

angel x

Jan 13, 2003

Mistress,

As soon as I had read your mails I did go to the ladies room, and I did
masturbate myself and I did lick my fingers clean as you suggested Mistress. 

I will presume that I should go to josephine's flat this evening, and I will ask
her about calling me Stephie the sub.  In the mail she didn't mention it, but I
will see what she says this evening. 

Mistress, ... If she asks about you, and you and I, what do I tell her?  I mean,
how much should I tell her?  I know I will bring up the topic of her taking
photos of me for you, but do I tell her about the spanking, the nudity, the fact
that you have had me visit other women? About my acceptance of pain and bondage?
Or is this all too much initially?  I really don't know.  When we talked on
Friday it was all fueled with wine, so, although she was interested and kept
asking me if I was joking, I don't know how far to go this time.  I don't
suppose that we will be having wine this time, not in the week.

I will wait to hear from you Mistress, and failing hearing from you I will keep
things fairly vanilla, as that's what you seemed to be suggesting in your last
mail.

angel xxx

Jan 13, 2003

Of course you should go tonight, angel.  After all, she is your friend.  Inquire
as to what she calls you only if she doesn't call you a sub anymore.  Should she
ask if you are serious, tell her of course.  You may tell her whatever you deem
prudent about me.  Perhaps if she shows an interest you might relate to her some
of your adventures with Mme. Martine.  As far
as what josephine is to do, use your conversations to test the waters with her
to gauge her interest.  If she is interested and presses you for more
information or stories, then you know you might have more from her
in time. As far as her and her bi friend go, this is a tough nut to crack. 
There are so many scenarios it is kind of tough to give you advice.  josephine
did tell you that while she has no problems with girl/girl sex, she
declined to do so with her friend Jackie.  This should tell you that if
josephine were interested, Jackie was not the right person for her to experience
it with.
Of course this leaves the door open for you to walk through if invited.  If
Jackie is sort of butch like you said and josephine is trying to get you two to
meet, then you might have to make a decision eventually which of them you desire
more.  jackie is probably a sure thing.  And she is probably Domme if she
actually is a little butch.  But of course you might prefer the attentions of a
good friend like josephine.  Knowing, of course, that no one is sure what might
come of her or where your relationship is headed.  You wouldn't want to show too
much interest in Jackie if your preference is josephine.  josephine seeing an
interest in Jackie might totally stop thinking about the possibilities with you
or might actually get jealous.  The key to remember is that josephine wasn't
interested/turned on enough by Jackie to do anything that you know of.  So if
you make it with Jackie and maybe possibly with josephine in the future it might
cause problems.  It would be oh so easy if they were a lesbian couple, wouldn't
it, mon cher?  If josephine, tonight, brings up Jackie alot then she is probably
trying to set you two up together.
You might let her know based on your feelings about her reactions to what you
have told her, that you have other interests in other more special, people.  And 
because you are shy you were contemplating asking her to help you out in a few
matters for your Mistress.  Keep in mind that she may write me at any time and I
would be happy to tell her more about life and things.
I trust you as much as I love you, angel.  Look before you leap.  Have fun
tonight.  I know that josephine being able to look deeply into the book that is
your thoughts, feelings, and desires turns you on to no end.
Maybe something below your waist needs more attention?

Your Loving Mistress

Jan 13, 2003


Mistress

I have never met Jackie.  josephine described her as being a bit butch, and as I
think about it, it was a very friendly put down.  I know that she and Jackie
have been friends for a long time, but I just got the feeling that she was aware
of her friends lack of physical attractiveness. There are two options really I
guess - Either that she wants me to meet Jackie, or that she wants Jackie to
meet me - They are different scenarios aren't they?  I wonder????

Anyway, I don't suppose that Jackie will be there tonight so I don't suppose it
matters.  I might actually ask Jo why she tried to have Jackie and I meet.  The
idea of Jackie is a turn on, you know, the way Jo describes her, but I know that
the reality of meeting someone is so often different from the self
created fantasy.

I have a session in a few minutes, then I will check my mail before I leave
later Mistress. Do you want to know something pathetic ...  I have already
started thinking of what I should wear when I  go up to Jo's this evening,
though I know I will probably just keep my work clothes on.  I always have when
I have gone up from work before - except on Fridays.  Then I would normally
change.

I know I have not met Jackie yet, so its difficult to even start to compare
between her and Jo, but I do like Jo, and the idea of slaving for her is so very
exciting. 

angel  xxxx

jan 13, 2003

Mistress,

Well, I am off now Mistress. 

I shall think of you this evening, and hopefully we will chat in the morning.  I
wont be able to be online all of the time, but I will log in from time to time.

angel  x


Jan 14, 2003


Mistress

I had a really great night last night.  josephine was just wonderful, but
probably more to me than in actual fact.

She had a glass of wine waiting for me when I got in at 8:00, and I didn't
change, I went straight up to their flat.  We both sat and talked about our days
while we drank the wine and she put the leftover pasta from her and allison's
dinner in the microwave for me. After I'd eaten, josephine said "so now its time
to put you to work", and she bodily steered me to the kitchen, with my plate in
my hand, and she stood me in front of the sink and turned me around and tied an
apron around my waist.  There was quite a pile of
washing up and while I was doing it, she sat on a stool, drinking wine and just
watching me, then, when I was almost done she stood beside me and put her arm
around my back and rested her hand on my hip.  She was just telling me that I
did a good job, or something like that, and just then allison (her daughter)
came in, and josephine didn't let go of me. She just held my hips and turned me
towards allison and  Jo told allison that they didn't need to get a dishwasher
now because they have me, and allison just wanted to know if they could get a
computer instead.  Actually, what she came in for was to tell her mom that she
needed a shirt for school tomorrow, and josephine said, well, maybe we can get
Stephie to put a wash on, I said "OK if you want" (or something like that) and -
well, anyway, allison just said "Brilliant", and josephine showed me to the
bathroom, and the washing basket, and she told me to get a whites
and undies wash.  I felt so naughty sorting out their undies while josephine
watched me.  I even laid them out carefully on the pile.

Anyway, I did put the wash on, and josephine took off my apron, and told me to
get another glass of wine for both of us, and we sat in the kitchen on the
stools, and talked.  I asked her why she had wanted me to meet Jackie, and
apparently it was Jackie who wanted to meet me.  Jo had told her about what I'd
told Jo on Friday, about being sub, and Jackie was fascinated. Jo asked me if I
wanted to meet Jackie, and I said I would if she (Jo) wanted me to.  and she
said "I'll see".

Mistress, Im sorry but I forgot about asking her to call me sub, but at one
point she did pat me on my bottom, just a friendly pat, when I filled her glass
one time, and when I left she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, something
she only usually does when she has had too much to drink (which she hadn't last
night).

Anyway Mistress, it was a lovely night, even the washing up.  lol

Hannah, the girl I told you about, is here this morning. You know, the
receptionist.  She is fascinating. She is a punk, well, almost, with a ring
in her lip, three in each ear, a crop top and low waist jeans, and she still
looks so wonderful.

I will look in Yahoo Messenger every now and then.  I have tried it and it does
work, and I saw your messages from Friday.

angel

Messenger Chat with Angel later that day

Sasha: Angel?
angel: Mistress
angel: my Mistress xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Sasha: My love......
angel: I was so afraid you might not be able to be online today
Sasha: I would have moved heaven and earth to do so for you, mon cher.
angel: thank you Mistress
angel: Hannah has been so sweet, she has sensed I was anxious about something
Sasha: It would appear from your letter that josephine has relegated you to Maid
status
Sasha: You ought to tell her that you are seriously contemplating getting your
lip pierced.  But not the one she did......
angel: yes, in a way I suppose she has
angel: tell Hannah?
Sasha: sure!  Lol!
angel: oh, you are kidding
angel: lol
angel: She may have others done too for all I know
Sasha: Not particularly but that is down the road.  At least she can tell you
wear to get it done
angel: yes she could
Sasha: And how do you feel about what happened with Jo?
angel: I loved it Mistress, it was good as a start wasn't it?
angel: I thought you would be pleased
Sasha: yes it was.  Were allison not there, I would imagine you could wear the
outfit
angel: what outfit?
Sasha: french maid's
angel: oh, yes
angel: actually, Jo shocked me with allison
angel: I thought she would back away when she came in
angel: but she didn't
Sasha: Jo is testing the waters with you.
angel: Yes, I guess she is
Sasha: she will be more than happy enough to photograph you.
angel: Yes, I think so
angel: she does like me
Sasha: if she didn't have an interest, she wouldn't have taken those liberties
with you.
angel: no, I know
Sasha: and I know you would love to shave in front of her
angel: and I am not sure she wants me to meet jackie
Sasha: you think she has changed her mind after seeing how good you were last
night?
angel: I don't know, but she wasn't certain about introducing us
angel: she said we would have to see
angel: I told her she could introduce me if she wanted to
angel: she just said we'll see
Sasha: To me, it appears that Jo has an interest in you.  I would guess that she
was trying to introduce Jackie into the scene mostly to enlist her help because
she doesn't really know what to do with a woman.
angel: yes, Maybe
Sasha: Jo doesn't know, and maybe she should, that I am more than willing to
give her all the help and advice she needs
angel: Good
Sasha: if you put her in contact with me.
angel: I would like that
Sasha: would she?
angel: I don't know that she has a mail address
angel: I don't know it if she does
angel: Yes, I think so
angel: As I told you, She was fascinated at the idea of me having a Mistress
Sasha: Is Jo British, Swiss, french, or what?
angel: British
angel: english to be exact
angel: I am in England now
angel: didn't you know?
Sasha: Never was sure.  It certainly helps that she can understand everything
better than Mme. Martine
angel: yes, lol
angel: I sometimes had troubles with them
angel: my french just isn't that good
Sasha: Understand
Sasha: So how long are you back home?
angel: as long as I want
angel: I have rented the flat for 6 months initially
Sasha: Gotcha.  I guess I still had you in Switzerland
angel: no, not for a while now
Sasha: understand.
angel: I went back for xmas
Sasha: What are you wearing today?
angel: shirt, black knee length skirt and panties
Sasha: what kind of panties. Angel?
angel: ordinary cotton ones Miss
angel: high thigh though
Sasha: color?
angel: blue I think
angel: lol
Sasha: and you have not shaved yet?
angel: no Miss
angel: not until I have the pic for you Miss
Sasha: good.  Let it grow until such time as I can see it and then see it
shaved.
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: do you have a private office?
angel: no, its all one big room Mistress
angel: Hannah is the only one here though
Sasha: all right
angel: and she is in the bathroom just now
Sasha: good.  Remove your panties.
angel: but she will be out in a minute
angel: yes Miss
Sasha: then do it quickly
angel: they are off Miss
Sasha: after they are off, put them between your legs and slowly push them into
your pussy
angel: they are pastel blue
angel: yes Miss
Sasha: they will be a wet pastel blue in a minute
angel: yes Miss they will
Sasha: after you have inserted them, leave them there to soak.
angel: they are in my pussy miss
Sasha: good girl
angel: Thank you Mistress
angel: x
angel: Oh I have missed you
Sasha: and i know you managed to massage your clitoris a bit while you were
doing it.,
Sasha: and I you, Angel.
angel: yes Mistress I did
angel: Hannah is back Mistress
angel: just to let you know
Sasha: massage it enough to send a few shivers up your pretty spine?
angel: more than a few Miss
Sasha: I know how much you want to walk up to her and lift your skirt up to your
waist.........
angel: oh yes Miss
Sasha: if you only knew how she would react............
angel: i know
Sasha: Tsk, tsk.  So shy, mon cher.
angel: i wish i knew
Sasha: She might scream out an alarm!
angel: i have a confession Miss
Sasha: or she might bend you over her desk and spank you with a
ruler...............until your bottom is red.
angel: I have thought in the past, when we were here alone, of spilling my
coffee
angel: if only she would Miss
angel: that would be heaven
Sasha: then spill your coffee, mon cher
angel: lol, I don't have any at the moment Miss, but anyway, it was only a
fantasy Mistress
Sasha: or ask her privately if she has anything else pierced that can't be
seen........
Sasha: start a conversation that a friend of your desires that you get a
piercing or two.
angel: now Miss?
Sasha: how strongly do you desire to do so?
Sasha: and then are you willing to get a piercing?
angel: Mistress - she has just gone to get us a coffee, lol
angel: I do desire her Mistress
angel: I confess
Sasha: then you might wish to start a conversation when she returns with yours
angel: but I am scared of piercings
Sasha: and I know then you will be willing to get yourself pierced.  For me, for
and with her, and for Jo.
Sasha: And most importantly for yourself......
angel: yes Mistress
angel: yes Miss
Sasha: She will tell you the following.  It is just a pinch, Angel.  And your
clitoral hood is the same sort of tissue that is in your mouth.  When you bite
the inside of your mouth, you know how quickly it heals.
Sasha: and then you will never wish to take an elevator again.
angel: lol
angel: yes, I will talk to her about it after you have gone Mistress
Sasha: good girl.
Sasha: Pinch your nipples for me.  They need the attention.  i can feel them
calling to me
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: do it hard and hold the pinch
angel: oh Mistress
Sasha: twist, angel.
Sasha: and release
angel: Mistress, Hannah came back while I was pinching
angel: she saw me
angel: she smiled
Sasha: good
Sasha: since you are back in the U.K., you must avail yourself of all the BDSM
shops there.
angel: i started typing quickly into a word document, absolute rubbish all of it
angel: Yes Miss
Sasha: I need for you to acquire those objects I mentioned in my letter
Sasha: and quickly.
angel: Yes Miss, I remember,  I will go out at the weekend
Sasha: And I also know that there is a wire bra available that you would look
good in.
angel: a wire bra??????
Sasha: yes.  And the ends of the wires are pointed inwards.
angel: ohhh
angel: I will look
Sasha: you need the constant stimulation, Angel.  With a little pain and pinches
mixed in.
Sasha: you will have to avail yourself of the better underground shops.
angel: Yes I do Mistress, oh yes I do
angel: perhaps I need to go to London, XXXXXXXX is too small
Sasha: yes you will.
Sasha: Maybe Jo would like to go with you.  Or even Hannah
angel: maybe
angel: it would be nicer to go with someone
angel: i hate going into those places on my own
Sasha: would you like to call Hannah over and ask her about hr piercings now?
angel: if you wish Miss
Sasha: I think we both wish, Angel.
angel: gosh Im nervous
angel: im tingling Miss
Sasha: you are asking only an innocent question.
angel: Yes I know
Sasha: and it is good to tingle.  reminds you that you are alive.
angel: should I keep this open, so that she knows its you asking if she sees it?
Sasha: yes, Angel.
angel: She is just sitting there reading at the moment
angel: and if she sees, do I call you Miss?
Sasha: Whatever makes you most comfortable.
angel: I don't know
angel: I want her to know, in a way, I do
Sasha: base what you call me on how receptive she is to the questions and her
answers
angel: ok, how do I clear the screen?
Sasha: just minimize the size of the box.
angel: ok
angel: Ill call her over
Sasha: good.
angel: Apparently, hannah did have her nipples pierced but she has let them heal
over
angel: she is here with me now
Sasha: Very interesting.  Nipple piercings are painful
angel: uncomfortable in her bra too
Sasha: and take time to heal
angel: and you are right, hannah agrees
Sasha: surprised she is wearing one.
Sasha: how long ago did you have it done, Hannah?
angel: bout 2 years ago
Sasha: why did you let them close?
angel: i only kept them in for about 4 months
angel: just a pain
Sasha: what gauge were the holes?
angel: had one in my nose too
angel: cant remember
Sasha: the nose piercings are easy but a little too visible at times.
angel: i don't mind that
angel: lol
Sasha: I keep telling Stephanie she needs a piercing.
angel: scared people
Sasha: good girl!
angel: she said
angel: a private piercing she said
Sasha: she just needs someone to go with her to bolster her courage and make
sure she doesn't bolt out the door.
angel: wouldn't suit her to have a nose ring lol
Sasha: rather private.
Sasha: she is definitely not the type for the nose.
angel: how private?????????????????????
Sasha: a hood piercing.
angel: wow
angel: private
Sasha: not so much a wow, my dear.  Definitely a lot easier and less painful
than nipples.
angel: so u say
Sasha: and more beneficial to the individual.  
Sasha: One may acquire piercings for decoration to impress others or to provide
joy to one's self.
angel: sorry we was talking here
angel: i got mine to scare people
angel: lol
Sasha: that's o.k.
Sasha: i know.  Steph is not the type to scare or intimidate anyone.  In fact
the thought of getting one scares and intimidates her though she knows how much
she will like it.
angel: she says i should ask u if u 2 are an item???????
angel: i asked her
Sasha: Lol!  We are.  Is that all right with you?
angel: fine
angel: np
Sasha: o.k.  Did not know where your preferences lie
angel: oh im easy
Sasha: Hmmmmmm.  Should I ask you to elaborate on one of those
words............?
angel: which 1
Sasha: easy
angel: its ok with me, we all done some petting haven't we
angel: quite fancied a girl once too
Sasha: the vast majority of us have
angel: guess so
Sasha: You did?  Did she know of your fancy?
angel: no way
Sasha: lol!  Shy?
angel: no, thimble brain
Sasha: LMAO
angel: pretty, but thick as shit
Sasha: Well, was it her brain you fancied, hannah?
angel: rofl
Sasha: what was it?
angel: she was just fine all over
angel: slim, brown skinned, pretty
Sasha: very, very nice.
angel: now she's got 3 kids!!!!!!!!!  loser
Sasha: I feel the same about our Stephanie.  Except that she is smart as a whip.
Sasha: well, she probably is not so fine now that she has foaled three times!
angel: nope
angel: missed my chance eh?
Sasha: bellies and certain muscles just never recover.
Sasha: chances are always what you make of them, my dear.
angel: yep
Sasha: they are always there waiting
Sasha: waiting to be taken.
angel: Stephs gone to the bathroom
angel: didn't guess she was gay
Sasha: Angel can't hold her coffee?
angel: angel?
angel: pretty
Sasha: pet name for her
angel: nice
Sasha: how do you feel about her now that you know?
angel: fine
angel: np really
angel: hate the mundane
Sasha: not surprised?
angel: a bit i guess
angel: did you mind me asking?
Sasha: ask anything
angel: i meant did you mind me asking if you were together
Sasha: no problems
Sasha: Angel is a most sensuous, obedient young lady.
angel: k
angel: she's nice
Sasha: more than nice
angel: yes, she is nicer than most of the ones you meet
Sasha: yes.  I am working on totally unlocking the tiger that lies just beneath
her surface.
angel: you older than her then?
Sasha: yes
angel: k
Sasha: and she is so wonderful to bring along also.
Sasha: very pliable and willing to please.
angel: sounds like your training her - obedient, pliable
Sasha: would it bother you if I were?
angel: she new to gay then?
angel: no
angel: if you rescued her from a guy its all well
Sasha: No.  But she is in need of someone to sort through the huge rings of keys
to unlock the proper doors for her.
angel: ?? too deep for me
angel: angel is back
Sasha: lol!  She needs only direction and someone to do things for.
Sasha: she is?  Good.  Want proof of her obedience and pliability?
angel: go on then
Sasha: is she looking at the screen?
angel: y
Sasha: Angel, lift your skirt to your waist for Hannah, please.
angel: excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: Angel.  Hold your skirt up and pirouette for Hannah
Sasha: Hannah.  Is she without panties?
angel: naked assed
angel: you are into bdsm then????
angel: gets better and better
Sasha: angel.  Show Hannah your panties!
Sasha: yes I am.
angel: Mistress I left them in the bathroom, sorry.
Sasha: retrieve them, Angel.
angel: i can go away if u want to play with her for a bit
Sasha: What do you think of stephanie now, Hannah?
angel: excellent!
Sasha: are you into BDSM, hannah?
angel: my kind of girl
angel: some
Sasha: does she excite you?
angel: with guys tho, you know
Sasha: understand
angel: well, i aint as cold as i was when i came over here
angel: lololol
Sasha: Good answer.
angel: she's back
Sasha: Isn't her bottom worthy of a good spanking?
angel: her knicks are wet
Sasha: tell her why they are wet, angel.
angel: probably
Sasha: tell Hannah where they were hiding
angel: she told me she stuffed em in her cunt
Sasha: quite so.
angel: magic
angel: this is some afternoon
Sasha: she ought to have them in her mouth now, don't you think?
Sasha: yes it is, isn't it?
angel: she has gone to answer the phone Miss
angel: omg Miss
Sasha: she is quite the good girl, don't you think?
angel: she is lovely isn't she
angel: I knew you would like her
Sasha: and now you like her so much more
angel: yes Mistress
angel: oh Mistress,
Sasha: and I know that you are about as wet as you can be right now.
angel: i am
angel: every inch of me is tingling Miss
Sasha: and how did you feel with her looking at you?
angel: i felt degraded and wonderful Miss
angel: just so wonderful, and shocked
Sasha: good.  As it should be
angel: yes Miss
Sasha: when she gets off the phone, call her back.
angel: i am back sasha
angel: nice name btw
Sasha: hello, Hannah
Sasha: Thank my mother
angel: lol
angel: ok when i next see her i will
Sasha: lol!
Sasha: and what do you wear to the office, hannah?
angel: whatever i want
angel: nobody cares in the warehouse
Sasha: lucky you.  Angel wears whatever I want.
angel: nice
Sasha: so, Hannah, where do your experiences with BDSM lie?  As a Domme or a
sub?
angel: both really
angel: depends who im with, you know
angel: just games
Sasha: what kind of games?
angel: this is about u 2 not me
Sasha: I understand.  Just inquiring
angel: ok
angel: np
angel: you live together then?
Sasha: I have been both before with men also.
Sasha: No, we don't were it only that we could.
angel: k
angel: shame, i was thinking about poppin round to say hi
Sasha: really?  That would be interesting
angel: lol
Sasha: I am also full of pointers on how you can control the opposite sex.  If
they are worth controlling
angel: well it works on angel here
Sasha: you like that about her?
angel: its cool
Sasha: well, I am tempted to ask you to redden her bottom a bit.
angel: I know she is no wimp, I've seen her talk down some of the buyers here
angel: so she does it by choice, and that's cool
angel: u want me to spank her?
Sasha: I love that about her.  So hard and professional on the outside and soft
and yielding on the inside.
Sasha: what is your choice or objects with which to spank her?
angel: she's nice, don't get me wrong
Sasha: ruler, hairbrush, hands?
angel: hand sounds best
Sasha: Well, I think it would only be proper if Angel got onto her knees and
begged you to do so, don't you?
angel: k
Sasha: beg hannah, Angel.  beg her to spank you.
angel: i told her i would if she took her skirt off first
angel: lol
Sasha: is she begging?
angel: she did
angel: nice
Sasha: do you feel that she really wants you to do it?
angel: in her eyes she does
Sasha: and does that make you wish to do it to her all the more?
angel: the truth ... makes me want to kiss her
Sasha: please do so then, hannah
angel: she cant see the screen, don't tell her i said that
Sasha: you tell her by your actions.
angel: really?????????????????
Sasha: you may do so.
Sasha: kiss her forcefully.
Sasha: she needs to know who is in charge
angel: k
angel: omgggggg
Sasha: how was is, my dear?
angel: she is just so neat
Sasha: are you brave enough to check to see how excited angel is, hannah?
Sasha: you'll be surprised!
angel: her nips are standing high
angel: i can see that
Sasha: want to use a finger as a dipstick?  Check her oil level?
angel: just have her show me
angel: no
Sasha: Angel, spread and show hannah how wet you are.
angel: ill tell her to get up and read the screen and u tell her to strip
angel: ok?
Sasha: please do.
angel: .
angel: .
angel: .
angel: .
angel: .
angel: .
angel: .
Sasha: Angel.  You need to remove your skirt for hannah at this time.
angel: and ...
Sasha: and then show her how wet you have become.
angel: i told her to take off her shirt 2
Sasha: all right.
Sasha: as long as you two are totally alone
Sasha: What do you think, hannah?
angel: naked wet angel here in my warehouse
angel: just fine   
Sasha: is she about as excited as you could possibly imagine?
angel: i guess so
angel: pretty little slut isn't she
Sasha: take credit for it, my dear.  This scenario and your being there has done
all this to her
Sasha: yes she is.
angel: she fancies me?
Sasha: I wish you had a camera there so you could show how she looks right now.
angel: oh yeah
Sasha: she fancies you if you would let her, Hannah
angel: you meeting with her tonight?
Sasha: Regretfully not.
angel: can i take her out then?
Sasha: Where would you wish to take her, hannah?
angel: just a pub maybe
angel: where ever
Sasha: You have my permission.  I would gather that you fancy Angel more than
you are ready to admit.
angel: maybe
angel: we gotta go soon, i close at 3:00
Sasha: that is fine.  All this is alot to take in at once, my dear.
Sasha: then isn't it time to spank her?
angel: yessssssssssss
Sasha: let her read this then
angel: k
Sasha: Angel, please bend over the closest desk and present your bottom for
Hannah.  You reward for being such a good girl is to receive what you enjoy so
much
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: Hannah is going to spank you, Angel.
angel: thank You
Sasha: And you are going to count each stroke and thank hannah after each one.
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: Present yourself, Angel.
Sasha: hannah?
angel: y
Sasha: Angel can take a surprising amount of pain, dear.  So feel free to lay
into it should you desire.  Or use a rulers or the like.
angel: k
Sasha: I need to know how many strokes you give her, dear.  redden her bottom
well.  And should you desire to stroke of finger her during, then please feel
free to do whatever you are comfortable with.
Sasha: she'll orgasm for you quite nicely
Sasha: Proceed
angel: this is so sick, but oh yes
angel: i gave her 10
Sasha: It is not sick, hannah.
angel: sorry, went b4 u write that
Sasha: It is very loving and proper.
Sasha: do you wish her to orgasm?
angel: its
angel: we have to go, security come over any minute to lock up
angel: she's gotta get dressed
Sasha: then have her dress
angel: and i will take her out later
angel: we gotta go
angel: didn't see the time
Sasha: how badly do you want her, Hannah?
Sasha: she needs that piercing also.
Yahoo! Messenger: angel has signed out

Jan 14, 2003

Angel,

You did so very well today in your office.  I am absolutely beaming with pride
over you.  What you did with Hannah was perfect and is something both you and
I will remember for many lifetimes if we could. Hannah wants to take you out
tonight.  She wants you more than even she is willing to admit.  You are
perfect for someone like her who resides in a sexual closet.  With you, she can
take everything at her pace and do whatever she desires.  I can't wait to see
what adventures happen with her starting tonight.

Because you are such a perfect vision and I am so proud of you, below I am
including the entire unedited content of our chat (above) today.  Read it as
often as you desire.  Masturbate over it, print it out, cherish it and treasure
it for a lifetime.   You are most definitely one in a million.

Your very proud Mistress

Jan 14, 2003

Mistress

I cant begin to tell you how elated I am.  I took a long walk back to the office
in complete disbelief.  I have had such urgings for Hannah since I first saw
her, and it grows with every time I see her.  Her independence of spirit, and
she is so pretty and sexy.  Most of the time I have just thought and thought of
her kissing me, not so often anything like this really, but she did kiss me, and
when I left the warehouse she kissed me again, full on the mouth, just like she
did earlier, and she hugged me so close.

Oh its just unbelievable.

She didn't say anything about tonight before I left, but we were sort of rushed
out by the security guy.  Maybe she will just be waiting there when I leave
later.

Anyway, thank you Mistress.  Thank you Thank you Thank you.

angel xxxxxxxxxxx

Jan 14, 2003

Angel,

Thanking me isn't necessary.  Everything about you was already inside you.  All
I did was to help you unlock the doors.  I should be the one thanking you for
letting me into your life and letting me help the flower that is you bloom. As
satisfied as you were with memories two weeks ago, Angel, isn't living the
reality so much better? I know Hannah will be willing to photograph you.  I also
know that she will take you to the proper place to get your hood pierced. Please
forward to me her email address. As Freddie Mercury once said; "It's a kind of
magic!"

Mistress


Jan 15, 2003

Mistress

Hannah didn't get in touch with me last night, but I have just got back to my
desk in the middle of the meeting, and I have a mail from her.  She asks me if I
fancy her and what I fancy about her, and why, and she told me to meet her at
McDonald's in Xxxxxx this evening.

I don't have long the write just now, but when I got back last night there was a
note from josephine and she asked me to pop up if I wanted to, and when I went
up there she asked me if I wanted anything to eat, but I'd had a snack at the
office.  We sat over a coffee, and just talked generally, but she did mention
Jackie a couple of times, and that she had phoned josephine about us all going
out sometime together.  Also, just as I was about to go, she said to me that
she'd thought that a sub would wear more revealing clothes than I do (I was
still in my work clothes), and I didn't answer, so she said "Don't you think
so...?" and I said I suppose so, but I did say that I can hardly dress
improperly with allison about, and she said that I must have seen allison and
how she dresses sometimes, so it cant matter, and she said 'so next time maybe
you
should dress more appropriately' and again she persisted until I agreed.

I must go now, have to go back to my meeting

angel x

Jan 15, 2003

Dearest Angel,

It is quite interesting how completely one's life can change and how quickly.  I
would imagine that your mind is a whirl all of a sudden with all the new
things that you are discovering almost everyday. Last week, you admired and
desired Hannah from a distance.  Yesterday, you were standing nude in front
of her in your office warehouse, showing her how wet you were, right before she
spanked your bottom and kissed you passionately.
Last week, you had a straight friend named josephine. This week, this straight
friend has asked you to wear more revealing clothes in private for her. It would
seem your life is spiraling quickly in a delightful direction.  Now that
everyone seems to desire you in the submissive role you relish so much, you must
come to terms with how you are to manage all these new relationships.
First off, my dear, these new friends must realize that your desires make you no
less of a person then you were before.  You are still someone worthy of
their respect.  Maybe more so because you are honest and forthright about your
desires, preferences, and needs.
I must insist, for your protection, that these potential playmates be made
totally aware of your relationship with myself.  They must agree that I
remain on the top of the food chain here.  You, of course, are at the bottom. 
These friends fall in between.  I would insist on being put into contact
with them so that I may give them the proper guidance regarding you.  The same
way your relationship unfolded with Mme. Martine.  Hannah and Jo are
novices, Angel.  Remember that.  You have more experience as a sub then they do
as Dommes.  With my guidance, I can help them make everything a more
enjoyable, comfortable experience for all involved.
Otherwise you'll wind up bottoming from the top.  That is where you are the one
giving dominant advice and ideas to your would-be Dommes in mid scene.  It gets
confusing and subtracts from the enjoyment. And I seriously need for you to
acquire a camera as soon as possible.  I need to see evidence of your
progress.  Either of these ladies seem to be happy to be the photographer for
your adventures.  And adventures you will have in plenty.
Those toys are very important as well.  You will need to use them on a daily
basis and have these ladies learn to use them on you (and themselves, if they
desire) as well.  But I do need for you to add an enema bag to your shopping
list.  And get one that has a medium sized applicator, ribbed and flanged that
can not slip out.  You'll love it when used daily.  It will also be good for
your health. Hannah will be the one to take you to get that piercing on your
clitoral hood.  Don't worry, whimper, or whine, Angel.  It's quick, easy, and
relatively painless.  And the enjoyment you'll receive afterwards
will be well worth it.  Besides, how can Jo mention clothing when you hand her a
small chain leash out from under your skirt attached to your clitoral ring for
her to lead you around with?
I will also want you to write the word "Angel" in black magic marker very neatly
over your pubic line.  It will look better after you have shaved.  Have one of
the girls write it for you and keep it refreshed.
And also remember, Angel. Be honest with me.  One of these girls might turn out
to be that relationship you have hoped and dreamed of all your life.  You
secretly hope for it and I am well aware of this.  I love you no less knowing
this.  I actually hope and pray for nothing more than your total happiness. And
if something magical results from all this, God Bless You.  I will be here for
the both of you to help lead you further into the D/s world in ways that will
make love grow even stronger and deeper.  But all that is in the future, Angel. 
Just realize that your best interests, both present and future, are in the
forefront of both our minds.  You and I are one
mentally and always will be.  The earlier and more firmly you introduce me into
these new relationships, the more apt I am to be able to stay an integral part
of your life as these relationships flourish.  I was there at the beginning.  I
will be there helping it grow, and I wish to be there always.  The sooner these
potential lovers realize that, the more fun it will be for everyone.
I can't wait to hear about what is developing with all this.
You are the truest jewel, Angel.  You do know that, don't you?

Mistress

Jan 15, 2003

Mistress

Hannah took me to a McDonald's last night and just asked me and asked me about
who and what I really was, and at first I didn't understand what she meant, then
she just asked me if I really was as submissive as I seemed, and I told her that
I was and she said she would have to test me, and so she spat out part of her
burger, from her mouth and told me to eat it.  Later, she also had me touch her
thigh, and stroke it while a couple at the next table watched, then she kissed
me full on the mouth with everyone watching.  For most of the time she asked me
what was the most disgusting thing I had ever done, and I said that I didn't
think I should say, I didn't want to shock her, if it would have, so I told her
she would have to ask you.

She asked me if I was a lesbian or just bi, and I told her lesbian, that I don't
go with men, and she was ok with that.  At least she didn't say anything. She
has told me to call her Miss Hannah too, whenever I am with her and there is no
one from Xxxxxxxxxx (the Company we work for) there, even if we are in the
office or anywhere.

She has told me to give you her e-mail address, it is: xxxxxx@xxx.xxx.  She
wants to know the most disgusting thing I have ever done, and how old you
are, please Mistress.

She said that I am a disgusting slut, but I am not sure she meant it, though she
tried to sound tough when she said it when we got out of the McDonald's,
because she asked me if I wanted to touch her pussy, and when I said that I did
want to she told me that she might let me one day if she felt like it.

I have to go now Mistress. She and her boyfriend are going to a party tonight so
she said I have the night off.  I don't know if I should go to see josephine or
not, and if I do, I don't know what to wear. 

I wish you were here.  Thank you for your mail Mistress.  I don't really think
either of these will really turn out to be a 'relationship;, but maybe
that's not what I am looking for.  I will ask Hannah about a digital camera and
PC  when I next see her, maybe she has one.
My darling Mistress, I know I am the bottom of the pile, and you are at the top. 
And I will tell them.  I know Hannah would never have done what she did if you
had not been there.  I know that, and I also am old enough to know that someone
as young as her could only see me as a play thing for a while, but I accept
that.  And I don't mind. I did tell Hannah that she has to ask you details about
me.  I think she knows.  You now have Hannah's mail address, and should you wish
to send anything to josephine, you could put it in a mail, and I Promise, I will
print it and not read it, - just please be sure to put to 'To josephine' as the
subject,  I still don't know her email address, if she has one. I know they
don't have a PC at home, but I promise that I won't read anything addressed to
her, I promise.  In honesty, I think she is just amused by the idea of me being
lesbian and a sub, but I am not sure she will actually do anything about it. 
Oh, Mistress, I hope she does,  I would love that, but I just don't know.  But
then again yesterday morning I would NEVER in my life have thought that Hannah
would have kissed me and spanked me.

Well, I should go, I am in early today, the new intake start training today and
I wanted to tell you what happened before I had to start.  I was hoping that I
might have more to tell you about, but I don't, sorry Mistress.


Jan 16, 2003

I had a call from josephine on my answer phone when I got back to my desk.  She
is asking if I wanted to have dinner with her tonight and has asked me to call
her back.  I will call her, and when I do I will ask if she has an e-mail
address.  I cant just now because the girls are too close.
I will leave this mail open for now. I guess you are still in bed, - I will
write more later.

This morning, I kept thinking of how Hannah had been last night.  I know she had
to get back to her boyfriend, but I had just thought and thought that I
would be with her longer than that.   She was very nice, but wasn't pleased
initially with me, she called me a stupid slut for not answering her mail
properly.
She had me tell her that I fancied her, and when I said again that I admired
her, she said 'do you want to have sex with me?'  In the McDonald's for anyone
to hear.  I said yes, but then she told me to tell her, and when I'd said 'yes
Miss I would love to have sex with you' she became nicer to me.

Just called Jo, and told her I would love dinner, and she said that Any has a
friend around tonight so they will be busy in her bedroom.  I really don't know
what  to wear?  I don't really have anything that revealing or anything.  Some
scoop neck vests, I do have one mini, but its not that short, and that's about
all.

The new intake are all very keen, it makes a nice change.  There have been so
many Companies I have worked with in XXxxx where the staff are so demoralized
at being acquired that it gets depressing.  This is so different.

I will send this now.

Hope you had a good night's sleep Mistress

angel x

Jan 16, 2003

Mistress

I think I have decided what to wear this evening, if I go to josephine's.  I
have a pastel blue sleeveless vest/dress, it comes to about mid thigh on me.  I
usually wear it with jeans but I have worn it without, mostly on my own in the
flat, but also when Kate last stayed with me, and she didn't say anything about
it.   It will be ok of allison were to see me in it anyway.  I almost wish she
does, I have seen her in her skimpy disco outfits a number of times.  At least
she would see that Im not a frump.

I will try it on tonight when I get in, I have other vests but they are shorter,
and I might not even be brave enough to wear the blue one.  lol

Did I tell you that Jo does not have a mail address that we can use, apparently
its a shared address for all of the support staff.

You know in your mail, you wondered if one of these developments might turn into
something, well, I suppose there is a chance of that with josephine, but
really, I think for her this is just two friends having a bit of fun, not
building towards a relationship really.  Just 'playing a game'.  Still,
that's enough isn't it?

One quandary I have is what to say if Jo should ask me if I want to meet Jackie. 
Part of me does want to, but then I wonder what Jo will think if she does come
on to me.  And what should I do?  It would be so much easier if they had a pc
and you could write to Jo then I wouldn't have any of the decisions.  Like with
Hannah, I mean, I had thought/fantasied about spilling my coffee so that I would
have to take off my shirt or skirt for her, but I know I never would have gone
through with it.  Not really.  And now, I have
been naked for her!!!  And in McDonald's - just looking down and seeing my hand
stroking her thigh was wonderful.  I know she had jeans on, and Mistress, I
didn't actually touch against her pussy or between her legs, but it was still
wonderful.  Thinking about it, I wished she had touched me too.

Mistress, I do swear to you, with my love and trust, that if you do write to me
with the subject "To josephine" I will print it immediately, without reading
it, fold it up and deliver it to her, and I will delete the original.
I don't know how she could reply, she could dictate something for me to type,,
or maybe write a reply and I could scan it, or maybe she can send mails even
though she cant receive them?

Anyway ... I should go back to work now,  Lunchtime is over.

Your angel   xxx

Oh, Incidentally, Hannah called me angel too, but I saw that in the chat on
Tuesday, you told her it was a pet name for me while I was in the loo. So I
suppose its all right.

x

Jan 16, 2003

Mistress

Your mail came while I was writing to you.  I am afraid that I don't have any
clothes pins, but I will look on my way home, I do pass a small corner
shop/supermarket, but I am afraid that they might scare her, but you have always
known what to do before Mistress, so I will try to get them.  As for my clothes. 
The vest is tight.

fitting, all down my body, and if I have anything attached to my lips they will
be seen - I'm sure - so I should wear a skirt.  I will look in my wardrobe,
there must be one I can wear.

You are right Mistress,  I had hoped that Hannah might have taken me with her to
her bed, I didn't know that she lived with her boyfriend though, but I should
have guessed that she would not have lived alone or at home with her Mom and
Dad.  But I had hoped that after Tuesday I might have - well, done more to her,
for her, with her. 

I think she is about 18 to 20, so she is quite young. Actually she may be a
little older, but not much I don't think.

Mistress, if I don't get the clothes pegs, Should I just offer to show her my
name over my pussy?  I have just dropped a Marker in my bag to take home with
me.  Oh I wish someone else would write if for me ... But I will write it as
neatly as I can.  I will be sure to say - if I do please her and not scare her
away - "My Mistress, Sasha,  has told me that as I have pleased you, then you
have her permission to spank my bottom with kitchen implements such as wooden
spoons or anything as a reward for pleasing you, and i have permission to sit at
your feet for the entire evening".  I will learn that exactly, as I used to
learn some things for Mme Martine.   Ohhh Mistress I am so happy.  and now I am
late for my next session. lol

You suggest that I will have controlled the scenario, but it is you really.  And
I will know that.

angel
xxx

Jan 16, 2003

Dearest hannah,

My Angel gave me your email address so that you and I could communicate.  She
also related to me your evening out.
I would hope that, from your office adventure together, that you had as good a
time as she did.  I would have to say that that little scene was one of
those things that you read about in one of those stories that you can't believe
happened.  Except it does sometimes.  And it happened to you both.  What you
wish to make of it and where you wish it to go is up to you.
I can tell a few things about you, hannah.  Both from our chats and Stephanie
relating events from your meal together.  She is quite taken with you, my dear.
Suffice it to say that you have been admired from afar for quite some time now. 
She never would have had the courage to do any of what happened on her own
though.  You are young yourself but have to really admire how huge a step
Stephanie took and exactly how much courage and guts it took to initiate.  After
all, you might have screamed out or slapped her in the face, right?  So alot of
respect must be shown stephanie for doing what she did even if it was at my
direction.  After all, she could have lied and made up something like alot of
people do online, right?
Angel wrote to me that you had asked her yesterday what the most disgusting
thing she had ever done was.  Very interesting question.  I would like to take a
moment to qualify that for you.  I can tell you are young and a little
inexperienced (though with alot of potential) by that question.  In your own
words to me you said you like to sort of scare people.  You have to realize that
what Angel does for me is not digesting to her.  What she does are acts of love
and devotion designed to put her into situations that are deemed to turn her on
immensely.  She thrives on the submission, the act of potential humiliation and
embarrassment, or displaying herself sexually to strangers.  I have never had
her do anything "disgusting" (in the vanilla sense of the  term) because I love
and respect her.  She has demonstrated quite handily that she has few limits,
can take a considerable amount of pain, and is very loving and eager to please. 
But love is a two way street.  Just because she is a submissive does not give me
permission to abuse her like an animal or like a whore because that would
violate the tremendous amount of trust she has placed in me.  I have had her do
things that might be considered harsh by many, such as presenting herself nude
to a room full of people, let them all touch her, to be punished in front of
them, and to masturbate for them all but these are not things digesting in the
traditional sense of the word.
These were exercises deemed to help angel grow within herself as a submissive
and also to excite her to levels she has never reached before.  So many of the
vanillas out there have absolutely no conception of what they are missing.  They
are like drugged horses, plodding through life with blinders on.  By releasing
herself to me, stephanie has stepped up to a higher level both mentally and
sexually and is experiencing things that 99% of humanity will never experience
outside of dark fantasies.  Quite an accomplishment,
right?  And all achieved by just letting to someone that has earned your love
and trust. You must realize, dear hannah, that to become a Domme carries an
incredible amount of responsibility.  Angel has placed herself, mentally and
sexually, into my hands.  Once you can accept that kind of responsibility, you
would be shocked at the power that you can wield over people.  In your case,
both male and female.  You can be the one in control if you only desire to be
and present yourself as such. I would like to know your feelings on where you
desire this thing with yourself and Angel to go.  I know that you are a novice
bisexual with strong urgings to learn more if only the right lady presents
herself.  Maybe stephanie fits that bill, hmmmm?  Maybe you are even more
comfortable with her because she is submissive and things and evolve at your
pace at a speed that is comfortable with you.
I have no problems with it and could really enlist your assistance if you were
willing.  i do need to have some pictures taken with a digital camera of Angel
and her continued progress for me.  She really needs someone to take the
pictures for her.  Might you be that person?  She also needs to go on a shopping
trip for some sexual toys that I require she have and use.  You might want to
point her in the right direction and go with.  You might be surprised how much
you learn and how much fun you'll have!  What you and I did mention when you
chatted last was that Angel needs a piercing for starters.  She could really use
your advice and support in getting her clitoral hood pierced with a gold ring. 
If you could direct her to a place you trust to get it done, preferably with
female personnel, I would be so appreciative.  Going with her would also ensure
she wouldn't chicken out.  Kissing her on the lips very hard right when the
needle pierces her would be sublime for the both of you, wouldn't it?
Consider all the possibilities, my dear.  I am here to offer my advice and
assistance in educating you in these matters and ensuring you both have as much
fun exploring each other as is possible.
And, since angel said you have an inquiring mind, I am 39 years old.  I am 5'6",
with shoulder length strawberry blonde hair.  I am 9s 2 with 36C breasts and
rather pale skin.  Like you, I am bisexual, though, as I age, I have less and
less tolerance for the male gender.  You and I may exchange pictures if you
desire and feel comfortable doing so.
I eagerly await a reply from you, my dear.  Your thoughts and feelings are
important to me.  I am really so glad you two had such a good time together.

Mistress Sasha

Jan 16, 2003

Angel,

Do make it a point to pick up spring clip clothespins on the way home.  I would
prefer that they not be visible under your skirt.  Of course, they should hang
down between your legs and get brushed by your thighs as you walk.  How
delicious. Trust me, Angel.  You are doing nothing out of the
ordinary and she should not be taken too far aback.  Walking in wearing normal
clothes like I suggested will put her off stride.  But she doesn't really know
what to expect, does she?  It is up to you to provide that.  If she opens the
door of opportunity for you to raise your dress and she her then I do want her
to see your name AND the clothespins.  She did have the
option to say no, didn't she?
And being able to sit at her feet for the evening will give you the opportunity
to nuzzle her knees, won't it?  Maybe even look up her dress.  I also think
that, if you please her, you should also be given permission to give her a full
body massage, with oils, should she desire.  If she would be more comfortable,
she may blindfold you during the massage if she doesn't wish for you to see her.
Relax, Angel.  Don't let this keep you from eating. And give yourself more
credit.  You are doing as I tell you, but the strength and fortitude to do so is
a quality that VERY FEW people possess.  What I told Hannah about you was the
absolute truth.  She should look up to you.  josephine should look up to you.
And, in so many ways, I look up to you because of your courage, love and
obedience.

Mistress

Jan 16, 2003

God you are heavy!.. and I don't mean your weight.  You are so deep with all
this Ds stuff, but i do know that its a serious thing when you get into it. I've
looked at a few sites and these people are really intense.

U asked so much in your mail i don't know where to start.

First off I am only bisexual in thought and some fantasies, lol, and i don't see
me becoming a lesbian in this lifetime, so lets get that str8.

BUT ..............it does turn me on when you say and she has told me too, that
angel fancies me. and i really do like her too, she's pretty and she doesn't
have a foul body as i have seen !!!!!!!!!! a bit boyish even but the best thing
about her is how she is, so cool when she is a suit and so magic when she is a
sub. like an alter ego thing, steph the anal and angel the slutty sub.  and she
is so submissive by choice. that's what gets me, its her choice. that's what
makes it exciting and disgusting. ohhh and i dooooooooo like kissing her. yummy.
oh, and don't get a hang up on me saying disgusting, its just a word, maybe i
should say interesting or exciting, but i don't get a hang up when dweebs say my
lip ring is disgusting, its a buzz.  disgusting is a compliment, ok?????????? 
;)

i love what u have had her do, but i have a few questions - does she pleasure
women too? you know, with her mouth or whatever? cos i have to admit that I've
thought about maybe she could please me sometime? she as good as told me she
wants to.

as for the shopping, sure i will be there with her, maybe have her test out a
few things, and i know just the place in portsmouth.  there's a few gay/lesbian
shops down there, clubs too, maybe she might want to go to one? or should i say
maybe you might want her to go to one.
I've told her to call me Miss Hannah btw.  do you want me to call u Mistress
Sasha?????? Sounds cool, if u call me Miss Hannah, respect for respect eh?
i called her a slut the other night, i guess she told u, but that is a
compliment too, it don't mean i don't respect her, i do, both of her, the Steph
and the angel, but for diff reasons of course, rofl.  :)

 

i cant see her tonight but i will call her, maybe she can bring her camera in to
the warehouse tomorrow. do u have any poses in mind??? something disgusting? 
(compliment remember lol)

u know something? i don't know you are being completely honest with me???????? i
just read your mail again and what u had her do is not at all disgusting, after
how she was in the warehouse the other day i expected more.  oh don't get me
wrong, what she did ( and will do again !!  :)  !!) was cool and i wish id been
there, but there must be more? if you have someone like her about???

thought id just tell u that i haven't told barry about all this and i don't know
that i will. 1st off he would explode in cum as soon as i started to tell him i
kissed a girl and 2nd cos he would want to take over, and this is MINE - well
yours, lol

as you told me i should tell you. i am nearly 20, next month so don't forget -
birthday greeting and bottle of wine. i am 5'6, a bit plump in places, size 10
or 12, bra 34b, haven't a clue how much i weigh. u know about the rings, the
only other surprise is a small tat on my shoulder. a dolphin (a bit dweeby eh?).

k. that's it.

kisses Mistress Sasha

Miss Hannah

Jan 16, 2003

Glad to hear back from you, my dear.  Now that we have a better understanding of
each other, we'll get along famously.
For starters, you may just call me Sasha, or Mistress, and I will continue to
call you hannah. I have no intentions of you turning into a lesbian, dear.  Only
that you fully enjoy all the potential you have as a person.  I enjoy men at
times myself.  I think everyone involved would greatly appreciate you
getting angel to yourself.  She is not into men and I really think you will get
so much more out of everything if your b.f. is kept where he belongs; in
the dark.  I think an educational experience in dominance will benefit you
greatly for the rest of your life.  Trust me on this.
And angel definitely does girls.  She would be happy to service any or all parts
of you.  However you wish her to for as long as you wish her to.
Taking her to the shops is a very good idea.  The clubs also.  You ought to
accompany her.  Her being submissive to you there should provide for alot of
fun, providing you and I chat about the possibilities in depth beforehand so as
to set some limits. Can you help her with the piercing also?  Did you like
the kiss idea during the process?  I thought it was very erotic.
Taking pics of her would be great and I can tell you exactly how I desire her. 
It's acquiring a camera that is the issue.  And it needs to be done soon because
I need to have angel be totally shaved for me.  But I do require pictures of her
beforehand.  Maybe taking pictures of her shaving her pubes would be something
fun for you two to do.........?
You do sound very attractive.  Angel does have good taste.  And angel and I will
endeavor to make your upcoming birthday an experience you will cherish for a
lifetime..........

Mistress Sasha

Jan 16, 2003

So Sasha
(and don't think i didn't notice that i don't deserve a capital letter at the
start of my name - not yet but i will!!!)

you are absolutely right. i am very attractive, ask angel. she said so, course i
practically had to make her say it lol. I've just been online with a friend and
told her about me finding a girl who thinks i am irresistible, no names or
details but she wants to meet her. i also looked 4 u, boo hoo. i really fancied
a chat. I don't get much chance
when thing is not around. nosey got.  he kept asking what i wanted a digi cam
for, he just kept on and on until i told him to stuff it, i will get around him
tomorrow then maybe cadge one off one of his mates. one of those losers must
have one.
i have decided that i want angel to beg me to lick me somewhere, don't know
where yet, but i loved it when she was on her knees and begging me to spank her.
that was SOOOOOOOOOO lovely. and she really meant it you know. i want her to beg
to kiss me, anything. and i want to learn about the sort of pain she will take.
she didn't bat an eye when i slapped her little bum. what else should we do???
oh, and don't doubt it for a second, when the slut goes shopping i will be
there, and if anyone takes her to a gay bar club i want it to be me and for
everyone to know she is my bitch (well that's what they say in the films).  and
for the piercing, i want to find a dyke so we can let her be naked for the whole
time, and watch her squirm, then, just as the needle gun goes off i kiss her.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx mmmmmmmmmmmm.  that is such a beautiful idea Sasha, not Sasha.
for that idea u are the Mistress!

she has got to be dressed up a bit for when she is out with me though. or do i
mean dressed down?  dress less anyway.  i have a real slutty g/f who is about
her build, i will call her to see if i can get some stuff off her. she's always
buying new stuff and it would look good on angel

have to get a pic of that fuzzy pussy so i can shave her too. i like the idea of
that. or should we cut off the fuzz and use wax strips. that might be nice. no
stubble too. after that the piercing will be nothing ;)

sleep time, ta Sasha

Hannah

jan 16, 2003

Dear hannah,

I am so glad you are thinking about all the possibilities about what to do with
Angel.  So many more than with a man, right? You are more than welcome to make
angel beg to lick you.  She does so well.  she is also an expert licker.
 Don't let her forget to spend good time on your bottom as well.  To start out
with, I would recommend you blindfolding her and letting her undress you blind
and then give you a complete body massage using only her hands and then her
tongue.  Blindness will heighten her other senses.  I also hope that you find
the courage in yourself to sample some of her charms with your pretty tongue.  
A woman's taste is so much more addicting than salty, greasy sperm from a man.
As far as pain goes, she can take quite a whipping.  Riding crops and hard
wooden things like rulers have been used on her well until she was in tears and
her skin was broken in a couple of places.  So she is very
durable. She may go to lesbian bars as your bitch.  She may be as revealing as
you wish as long as the place allows it and understands both it and your
relationship.  If they do understand, then it is o.k. for her to eventually be
nude there in the bar and it is also o.k. for her to service other women there
nut do remember to use your discretion.  Never forget that mutual respect thing
I wrote about before.  Respect  her for allowing you to place her in those
situations.  Trust is a precious gift.  Cherish it.
Angel has a list of the toys she needs.  She can give you that.  I just
yesterday added an enema bag with medium sized silver metal nozzle to the list. 
One nice thing about her piercing (hopefully one of several planned for the
future) is that I can have her (or you) hang weights from it for her to wear at
work or at play.
If you could have her pierced by another lesbian or a dyke, that would be great! 
The best scenario would be to have angel undress and then strap her to the table
so she is trapped and can't move.  It would also be wise to see if she could get
a discount by orally servicing any of the female staff in the establishment. 
And/or she could be strapped down bent over or face down at first for a nice
whipping with a belt before she is flipped, hopefully licked to one last orgasm
without the ring, and then pierced right when she orgasms while you are kissing
her deeply.  That's the perfect scenario.  Any lesbian parlor owner will
immediately recognize the pure erotic D/s value
of doing it all exactly that way and might be very willing to help.
I do need those pictures of her (and you if you desire).  And waxing her would
definitely be preferable to shaving.  (are you shaved or natural, my
dear?  I usually have a closely trimmed red landing strip but am bare everywhere
else.)  So much smoother and softer on your cheeks after a few days.  And that's
a big hint that I hope you place your cheeks
there.  Though angel will masturbate for you at any time (she does for me
several times a day, even at work), being pleasured by another Domme lets her
know that she is doing well and it is a great reward.
You are thinking in all the right directions, hannah. Allow yourself to be open
to me and I'll do my very best to make sure you get yourself set for types of
fun that will last you a lifetime.  I promise you that!  Besides, the only thing
better than having angel below you subbing for you is to also have me above you
coaching you along.  We'll see later if you desire my expertise in controlling
men.  Their smaller minds make them so much easier to master.

Hugs, kisses, and licks,
Sasha


Jan 17, 2003

Mistress

I tried my local corner shop, and even walked to a bigger one about two miles
away, from my flat, the only other one I knew to be open at that time of
night, but I couldn't get any clothes pegs.  But things went ok, but I am sorry
that i disappointed you, but Miss josephine was fine.  That's what she wants me
to call her, I started it, when I asked her if she liked what I was wearing. 
I'd worn the tight vest and a bolero skirt which came ot just above my knees. 
She does like me, and she has the idea that I do wish her to be
in control I think.  Well, actually, I am certain that she does. 
When I got there, she kissed me on the cheek and we went through to the dining
room and she said that it was nice that i didn't have any shoes on, she said it
was a nice touch, and she turned me around to look at me and said that i looked
nice and that I did look alot more relaxed like that, then she got our dinners
ready and we sat and ate and drank wine, almost in silence.  I just didn't know
what to say, and nor did she, I don't think.  Anyway, after dinner, she leant
back and said, you'd better clear away then sub, - she
used the word, and I said Yes Miss, and she followed me into the kitchen and sat
on the stool just watching me wash up and dry the dishes.  At one point, her
glass was empty, and I asked her if I should fill it up again, and she just
handed me the glass, so i did.  Normally she would have said Thank You, but this
time she didn't, she just smiled at me.

When I'd finished washing up, I stood in front of her, about a yard from her,
and she said "You know that I can see your nipples though that top", and I just
said Yes Miss. Then she went quiet again, just looking at me, and I asked her
"Miss josephine, may I ask if you are pleased with what I am wearing?", and she
said she liked me calling her Miss josephine, and then she said that she thought
I might have worn a shorter skirt maybe, then I just asked her if she wanted me
to take off my skirt if it is too long, and she just said "Hold it down and let
me see how long your top is", so I undid the zip, and held it around my thighs,
and my vest was covering my pubes.  I looked up at her, and she said "Give it to
me" and I took it off and she put
it into one of the kitchen cupboards.  She looked at me for a while, told me to
turn around, then to come and stand by her, at the side of the stool, and she
put her arm around me.  She stroked up and down my back and said something like
"you are lovely sub", and then I told her " My Mistress has asked me to show you
the pet name she has for me", and she let go of me,
and just looked puzzled, so i went in front of her, and pulled my vest up to
above my waist. She looked, then climbed off the stool, and bent over to look
closer, and said "Angel, its a lovely name, should I call you that?", and I told
her "you may call me whatever you wish Miss josephine", then she asked if it was
pen, and I said it was permanent marker pen, and her fingers touched where I had
written it, just above my pubes.  Then she said "its a nice idea to have a
Mistress", and I thought she meant that she thought you were a figment of my
imagination, and I started to say "She is very real", and she put her hand over
my mouth, and said, it doesn't matter anyway, and she put
her hand on my breast, just resting it there.  She let go and told me to put
down my vest again, and told me to get her another drink, and she went into the
lounge.  I gave her her drink and she sat on the sofa and she told me to show
her my name again, and when I did, she leant forward and slid her hand over the
outsides of my thighs.

Then we heard allison's music getting louder and she pulled down my vest and
told me to sit.  allison came into the lounge.  She said they were bored and
wanted a
drink.  josephine asked me to get them, some cokes, allison followed me into the
kitchen and helped me, and we went back into the lounge. I got back in the
lounge, and allison's friend was there (and I cant remember her name at all.  
We sat down, and just chatted about what they had been doing, and at one point
allison said that I was looking 'cool' (that expression is getting more and more
popular here, everything is 'cool', but I've never been called it before, lol). 

Jo got up at one point, and she asked me to help her in the kitchen, and we went
through and she said that she told me it would be ok me being dressed like that,
and that I looked alot nicer like that.  I said Thank you, and she held me so
close and kissed my face and neck. And after that she broke away and just ran
her hands over me, fondled me and cuddled me then fondled some more, and at
times I felt her bottom as she hugged me, and I did hug her back.
 
We were interrupted by allison friend's mom coming to pick her up, and after she
was gone, allison sat about with us, and we just chatted, mostly allison
bitching about how boring her friend was, I wish I could remember her name.
Some time later, when we'd finished our drinks, Jo told allison she should be
getting ready for bed, and she moaned for a while, then Jo said that I would be
going now too, we all need to get to bed.  allison went back into her bedroom,
and Jo came over to me, took my hands and pulled me up , led me to the door
door, and as I said Thank you she said "You're only allowed one item of clothing
when you visit us from now on angel".  I picked up my key from the hall table (I
nearly forgot it), and I went downstairs.

About a minute later, she knocked at the door and it was Jo, and she had bought
down my skirt, I thanked her, but she came in, put it on the table, and told me
to take off my top for her, so I did, and she initially just stood and looked at
me, but then stroked me, and hugged me.  She said that I was lovely as she
hugged me naked.  She said that i really was submissive, and I told her that I
would love to do anything she wanted and she must feel free to punish me if I
failed to please her.  She held me at arms length and said "I will".

When she had gone I just lay on the floor and masturbated myself till I orgasmed
twice.  Its just so  wonderful Mistress.  She is gentle but she is getting the
idea that I am hers to do with as she wants isn't she.  And the fact that
allison and her friend saw me like that, and my nipples must have been so
obvious, I was so aroused the whole time.  Even while we were eating,
there was the anticipation of what might happen. 

I hope you are a little pleased with me Mistress.  I know I didn't get the pegs
but things still worked out ok didn't they?

Its Friday today, and I spent my walk into work thinking about what I should
wear tonight.  She definitely said that I should only wear one thing but most of
my dresses are pretty boring really.  I don't have many anyway.  Maybe I could
just wear a shirt, I have some ridiculously long ones. The only other thing I
have is a beach sarong, but that is maybe going a little far.

I will pop out at lunchtime and get some clothespins, but if I cant get them,
then I thought that some crocodile hair grips would be ok? There is a chemist
near here which is bound to have some of those, at least some kids ones.  They
would look prettier too maybe?

Well, I should go out now, I will try to write more later Mistress.

angel xx

Jan 17, 2003
Angel,

What happened last night was beautiful.  Everything you did was excellent.  The
desires that lie deep within Jo are slowly coming to the surface at a pace that
she is comfortable with.  She and Hannah are much alike. They both have a lot to
get used to here.  First, they finally have someone they are attracted to.  And
it is someone who automatically lets them be in control and explore as they
wish.  It's alot to digest but done so beautifully and naturally that they
really have no choice but to enjoy.
What you, my dearest angel, have to think about, is that with the attentions of
two novice Dommes being directed to you, are you leaning towards keeping
Hannah and Jo apart and having them share you separately, or are you intending
on them meeting and sharing you together?  You have to take things like
jealousies into consideration here, mon cher.  And also, since they are both
novices, will they be as willing to gently explore their own sexuality as easily
if the other was there?  Give yourself alot of credit, angel.  You are not only
creating Dommes here but you are also helping to create lesbians (or at least
bisexuals).  You are quite the temptress.
Keeping them both apart might be a chore very soon depending on how much each
wish to try to control your life.  I can tell you that Hannah does have some
plans for you that I am helping her with.  I am only trying to get you to think
about what happens when you stop by Jo's with red marks possibly on your bottom
from Hannah the night before.
Having both of them would be perfect.  But you might have to choose at some
point between them.  And choosing, though hard, is preferable than having
neither.  But, as I always say, only those who risk going too far ever find out
how far they can go.

Your Loving Mistress

Jan 17, 2003
SASHA   Y O U  A R E  D E L I C I O U S
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we HAVE to find the right place for her piercing so that everything you say can
happen just as you say except for one thing. just before its done she will have
an incentive that she will be allowed to lick my pussy then, for the first time
kneeling completely naked in front of me right in front of the girls in the
parlor licking my pussy for me. and she has to tell me that she worships my
body.

As for the clubs thing, I've heard of one place, im sure its in Portsmouth, and
its supposed to be a les BDSM hangout.  I will find out about it over the
weekend. Im sure I've seen something on the web about it, so its the PERFECT
place for her to show herself and her devotion to Me.  Have to get her dressed
up though and waxed!!!!!!!!  mmmmmm

3 things - 1 i am not trimmed or waxed or shaved or nothing, just as nature
built me. 2 i don't know that i will actually want to lick her cunt really, but
i will reward her when she is a good slut with a little fingering. 3 the next
time we meet i am going to let her beg to lick my bottom and i mean she has to
beg to lick BETWEEN the cheeks :) Has she told you i wear a belt most of the
time? nice and wide and leather. so each time she don't beg well enough she
doesn't get to lick but she DOES get the belt across her tight little bum... how
does that sound???????
i'll call her later to get the shopping list from her.  the shots (that's our
team btw) are playing away tomorrow so all this will have to wait till sunday
but i will give her a call to get the list off her.  maybe we could meet for a
half hour on my way home tonight too.  get her used to being there when i want
her. got to get her trained up haven't we. and she is such a good girl she
deserves a nice kiss don't u think. i know just the place, if she strips naked
for me in the car then she can be allowed to kiss me then she can show me how
she frigs herself.

one biggie and to show that i don't want to really hurt her. does she have a
safe word or anything, i mean if she can be whipped till she bleeds and cries
out when do i know when enough is enough? i guess she has one, but what about if
she says something like "I worship you"?  that would be nice eh? i promise id
stop then, ok.
Just had a delivery so i got sidetracked. where was I???????
Phone her. The slut has gone out to lunch !!!!!!! I've left her a message to
call me.

hugs kisses and licks - nice greeting

chat soon delicious Sasha
Hannah x

Just talked to her, she has something to tell you, lol

Jan 17, 2003

Angel,

the hair clips sound fine.  As long as they have little teeth to hold them in
place.  Since they will be prettier and maybe smaller, maybe you can arrange
them in a design on your lips using more of them.  And remember that clipping
them to your lips and then taping the clips to your upper thighs will hold you
so deliciously open for everyone...........
Bet you feel the urge to masturbate yet again, don't you?  Well, run along and
do so.  And pleasure your bottom more this time as well.

Mistress

Jan 17, 2003

Thank you, dear hannah.  It is nothing more than experience talking.  Experience
that I am willing to impart to you should you prove yourself willing enough to
place yourself under my tutelage.

I understand about not being willing yet (or maybe ever) to lick my dear angel. 
But do consider the next time you meander past a Sweets Shop that angel is just
the same.  Lying naked, open, and ready for you to feast upon.  And her candy
gets juicier the more you hold it in your mouth.  If you like tasting yourself
on your b.f.'s cock or off your own fingers then you will certainly enjoy her. 
If you consider it and are nervous about what to do, just do to her what you
love having done to yourself.  That's the trick, hun.

Maybe in lieu of you eating her, you should get a nicely sized dildo that has a
suction cup on it to hold it in place on a table or chair.  It would give
you both something nice to share and fuck yourselves with.

It is good to hear that you are natural.  So few girls now are.  does that mean
that you are a very hairy person to start with?  And when I mentioned angel
kissing your bottom, I really only meant for her to go deeply between your
cheeks.  Her nice stiff, pointed tongue does wonders when cleaning out one's
arsehole. Just spread, totally relax, and let her give you something that you
will love.  I would love to have pictures of Angel's face buried in your bottom
and/or quim.

Angel can definitely handle your belt.  I have never given her a code word or
anything like that.  You might consider that but explore her limits first so
you can get a feel for what is happening with her.  Be sensitive to what is
happening and everything will work out fine.  Remember this whenever you
consider letting someone else play with her.

So how do you feel going around with your panties wet all the time now that you
are discovering a new life and fantastic things about yourself.............?  Do
you masturbate in the ladies loo like Angel does for me?

Mistress Sasha

Jan 17, 2003

Mistress

I have to tell you something which I discussed on the phone with Miss Hannah.  I
want to lick her bottom, if she would allow me to,  so very much that it hurts
and I will tell her each time that I meet her how I will do anything for her if
she allows me to lick her anus.
Miss, I mean it too, its not just something that Miss Hannah has thought for me
to say, I would love to lick her bottom, even to clean it for her after she has
been (though I haven't told her that, it was awkward because people kept coming
and going past my desk when I was on the phone, and I was afraid that she might
not understand.   Miss Hannah wants me to meet her from work at 5:00, just for
half an hour and if I am a good girl she will reward me.

I hadn't thought about whether they should know about each other or not.  It
hadn't occurred to me, but I think they should, because, even if it isn't a
marked  bottom, there is the chance that I will say something wrong.  I think I
have to tell them, but I just don't know what to tell them.  I will think of
something, and if they want to meet, well, I don't mind, if they do want to.

I have to go, sorry Mistress.

angel   xxx

Jan 17, 2003

Angel,

If you desire her bottom so much, then you must beg well to show you are worthy
of cleaning.  And please do be honest with her and tell her just how deeply you
wish her bottom.  And that you don't care about the condition of her bottom at
the time. I do consider it imperative, angel, that you acquire
that butt plug immediately so that your bottom can be filled at all times. 
Please do not disappoint me on this.
And it is good for you to start thinking about them maybe meeting.  I recommend
seeing how they progress for a little.  After all, in a few weeks, you might
greatly prefer the style of one over the other.  Jo is the one that is going to
need the most time to come along.  Hannah has been exposed to more alternative
lifestyles and, being younger, is more adaptable.
You and I both know you are the sub, Angel.  But don't you ever forget the power
you wield.  One truth you know but might not have realized is that the subs are
the ones ultimately in charge.  Subs are always the one to choose their Dommes. 
Not the other way around.  And everything done in a scene is tailored to fit
within that sub's limits.  Trying out Dommes to determine which best fits your
needs is what most subs do throughout their lives.  But sometimes, over time,
tastes, limits, and desires change just as in vanilla
relationships.  That is why I consider myself most honored you chose me.  So
remember that these girls can dominate you but only at your say so.  Once you
have given yourself over to them, you can relax and lose yourself in the
pleasure but the ultimate choosing is entirely up to you.
I sincerely hope you have a weekend full of discovery.

Lovingly, Mistress


Jan 20, 2003

Mistress

I wont have much time today, we are preparing today and then I am off site
tomorrow for a presentation.  Sorry.  I just had to tell you that I have
massaged Miss josephine and been at her house most of the weekend.
She had allison come down for me on Sunday morning to share breakfast with them,
and she had given me a baby doll nighty and a string to wear, and I had to ask
allison if she thought I should wear a housecoat, and allison said I shouldn't. 
It was a test to see if allison was comfortable with me like that, and she was. 
It was wonderful.  None of us dressed until about 2:00. And whenever I was alone
with Miss josephine she fondled me all over, and slapped my bottom lots of
times, and when allison took a shower, she allowed me to kiss her pussy until
she came.

I have to tell you that I have told both of them about each other, I didn't tell
Miss josephine much about Miss Hannah, save just that there was someone else
that I was serving at the moment. But when I told Miss Hannah she insisted that
she know who it is, and I did tell her Miss josephine's name but nothing else,
and she rewarded me for being honest by letting me lick her
belly button and her tummy, and while I did she pulled and grabbed at my breast. 
I was naked in her car, she pulled into a car park and as she pulled in she told
me to be naked before she switched off the engine.

I have not heard from Miss Hannah. I rather hoped she might have mailed me or
something.  And you have not mailed me either.  I don't expect you to, it was
more a hope.

Mistress, you will tell me if you don't want me to write anymore wont you?  I
get the feeling that you think that something serious might develop between
Miss josephine and I, but she confirmed that that is not going to happen,
because when I told her that there was someone else I was seeing she just smiled
at me, and said that she was pleased, then she said maybe she, Jackie and I
should get together sometime, and she asked me if I would like that.  I told her
that I would be pleased to if she wished to.  So she obviously isn't seeing this
as any sort of relationship.
Anyway, I must go.  I will try to write later, maybe after we have finished if I
get chance, if not, I may not be able to write to you until Wednesday, as I am
out tomorrow.
your angel xxxx

Jan 20, 2003

My dearest Angel,

I am so very glad you had a wonderful weekend serving josephine.  I was waiting
and hoping on pins and needles that everything went o.k. I don't think you ever
told me how old allison is though.

So how was it when you finally went down on josephine, angel?  I assume you were
the first woman to ever do so?  Did she cum nicely for you?  Please describe her
body for me.  Have you outlined for Jo the requirements I have set forth for
you?  And, if so, is she willing to assist?

I chatted briefly with Hannah this past weekend.  She said she was with you for
a bit on Friday as you two had planned.  I think she was busy this weekend with
her boyfriend and a football match.  She did express interest in who josephine
was but there wasn't much I could tell her other than that Jo was like her in
that she was also just starting to explore her bisexuality
and dominant nature.

What I hope for for you, mon cher, is your complete, total, and utter happiness. 
I would imagine that, ultimately, you would fit better as a serving girl/slave
in josephine's household since you assume that role so well.  You probably are
going to make yourself so pleasant, useful, and  indispensable in their lives
that some sort of relationship will be inevitable.
Only time will tell.  I do know that Hannah has some interesting things planned
for you and her as well but they are a little stronger going along with her
nature.  Jo is more conservative and slower to proceed, though jackie might help
her along in that regard, while Hannah is younger, freer, and much more open
about proceeding faster.
I never want you to stop writing me, angel.  Hearing from you is what I live
for.  I really dream of the day when there are photos to go along with your
letters.  How many times did you masturbate over the weekend?  Were you able to
keep with my schedule?  And how many times have you done so today already?  And
does the thought of kissing josephine's pussy make you wish to do so now?

Lovingly,

Mistress

Jan 20, 2003

Mistress

Thank you for writing to me.  allison is 16, 17 at the end of next month, and
yes, I am easily keeping up with your schedule of masturbation, I have cum four
times so far today.  I just have to think of what has happened, and of being so
nearly naked for Jo and allison for so long yesterday.  allison came down and
called for me in her nightshirt, and we went up at about 8:30,
and it was well into the afternoon before we all dressed.  Miss josephine had a
long nightdress on, and I felt so rude, it was wonderful.  Its not that the baby
doll was transparent, but you could see my outlines when I was near a light or
by the window, Miss josephine told me so.  It had ties over the bust, and then
cutaway so that my tummy and the front of the string showed all of the time, and
at the back it just covered my bottom.  I haven't mentioned that it was her
outfit, she gave it to me on Saturday night, it was one her husband had bought
for her but she has never worn it.  Miss josephine is about my age, maybe a
little older, and she is quite slim generally, but her bust
is quite large, certainly next to mine.  Her breasts sag rather and she has a
tummy, but she is so lovely and soft to touch.  Her nipples are magnificent, so
large and hard and lots of nobbles around her nipples.  And she tastes just so
wonderful Mistress.  I imagine that I was the first woman to taste her.  She
didn't say so, but just some of the hesitations when I first
asked her if I might be allowed to kiss her pussy, I think it was the first
time.  And yes, she did cum beautifully, and Mistress (though I don't want you
to tell her that you know should you and she ever get to write to one another)
she sort of spits her juices when she cums, it was lovely.

I had a message from Miss Hannah earlier and I when I called her back, she was
sort of cross with me that I wouldn't be available until Wednesday, she said I
would have to make up for it.  She actually asked me if I didn't want to kiss
her pussy anymore, but I told her that I did, and I begged her to forgive me.
She also said that the next time we meet she would have some
tasks for me to perform, and she told me not to make any plans for Saturday
night.  She was quite vicious on Friday night, and she made me feel dirty.  She
made me wipe my cunt with a tissue before she would touch me.  She'd had me part
my legs and then hold my pussy open for her to see, but after I had wiped it she
gripped my clit hood between her finger and thumb and pulled at it, demanding to
know all about josephine.  Incidentally, Miss josephine has said that I can tell
Miss Hannah all about what we have done, but again, I'm not that sure that Miss
josephine believes that Hannah is real. But I might be wrong.

I have this time to write, because we had a power cut in the room we were
working in, and Im just waiting for someone to say that its ok now.

You know when I was in the car with Miss Hannah, and I licked out her belly
button, she became excited, just from that.  She was pulling and twisting my
breast as I licked and sucked her.  She has a wonderfully firm grip Mistress.  I
had her finger marks on my skin from her grip when she let me go.  It was
wonderful.

The only thing Miss josephine said about allison seeing me, was that we should
test how she felt, so she asked allison to come down and collect me on Sunday
and I asked her about a housecoat, and the other thing was that I mustn't let
her see my name.  That was all, but I didn't actually flaunt myself to her
really.  She must have seen my bottom though.  I have thought since.
When I was putting the breakfast things away, she and Miss josephine were
sitting watching me.  Anyway, she must have seen that my panties were strings or
thong.  She didn't say anything though.  When she got back from the cinema, I
had a t-shirt on, a long one.    We just sat about and watched a film on TV,
drinking wine and eating crisps, with Miss josephine making a point of telling
me to serve them, whenever their drinks were empty, or the crisps were gone.

Power is back, so I have to go.

angel x

Jan 20, 2003

Sasha

I have to confess to being more than a bit upset that i wont see the slut for 2
days. I've been thinking of her over and over and how she spread her legs for me
like that, just cos i said so.

i was hoping u might be online tonight. i want to have her drink my piss. i've
been thinking of that since we chatted. to see her face taking my piss into her
mouth would be soooooooooooooo . you know what i mean don't u?????????? do you
think i should meet this jo? i want to. i want to share her with someone and be
able to talk about it with someone. and she is the obvious choice. gotta go, baz
is being a shit head ....... again!!!!!!!!!!! lol

kisses and licks

Hannah


Jan 21, 2003

It would appear, dear hannah, that angel has gotten deeply under your skin.  You
have alot of plans for her.  I would suggest trying to make some time to be with
her and then planning out what you would like to do when you have her.  And try
to rein yourself in a little, hannah.  You don't want to try everything all at
once.  This is new to you, remember.  Part of the
joy of having someone like angel is desiring to do these things to her as well
as having her desiring to have them done and having to beg for them to be done
to her.
And she would drink your pee.  Of course that means her having her face right
deep into your wet hairy puss.  And there are so many things she can do to you
if her tongue is there.........  And of course the b.f. is being a shit head. 
that's what they do best.  Wouldn't you much rather acquire a nice strap on and
have angel take you with it, lovingly, in the ways that you prefer instead of
having some man sweating, cursing, and heaving on top of you for only a few
minutes?  Maybe you should go masturbate in the loo the way angel does for me so
as to relieve some of that sexual tension building up in you. Meeting Jo might
be a good idea.  Let's just get the two of you comfortable with angel and secure
in your abilities and strengths with her.

Mistress Sasha

Jan 21, 2003

Dearest Angel,

You are so very lucky.  Jo is not only beautiful, but she also squirts when
cumming!  You do know that less than 1 out of 100 women can do that.  And that
their orgasms are so much more powerful because of it.  The fluid is trapped
behind and above the clitoris within the spongy tissue there.  The way to make
it release is through a strong orgasm.  In my experience, the best way to do it
is to have Jo on her back with your mouth firmly latched onto her clit.  To get
the most powerful orgasms you have to be just a little rough.  When sucking and
nibbling on her clit, finger fuck her hard with at least two fingers and
concentrate on fingering her upwards, massaging that soft, inner protrusion
right behind the clit above the vagina.  And when she starts to squirt, don't
stop!  Do it harder.  The inclination is to stop when the squirting starts
because one is normally shocked that it is happening.  Be ready for it and then,
when it starts, really concentrate on drawing more fluid from her. Only another
woman knows how to make the most out of this, angel.  You'll make her happier
than any man ever possibly could.  She will also soak whatever surface she is on
unless you drink it all.  Be ready to do so.  I also never asked if Jo has
shaved and what color her hair is.  Does she groom her pubes to make herself
more attractive?
Not knowing Jo's relationship with allison, you being there as sort of a serving
girl is quite interesting.  Being in Europe where things are much more open and
respected, I would imagine that it will not take too long for allison to realize
the extent of your relationship with her mother.  If this continues, I would
imagine that you will eventually be serving allison as well and initiating her
into lesbian sex.  After all , don't so many proper British girls have
their first experience with a submissive serving
wench?  You might wish to inquire of Jo what her thoughts are and if she wishes
you to give allison a massage also.

Please tell me, dear heart, what the status is of you getting a camera?  I need
this to happen as it is a condition of your submission to me.  I also require
you to be shaved and that is being held up because of your inability to show
yourself to me beforehand. I need your skin to be smooth but I would need to see
it before you do this for me.  This is starting to distress me not a little.  I
also need for you to make some time to be with hannah and acquire those toys I
require that you have.  I love your letters, my angel.
They are complete and very descriptive, as they should be.  But please notice
that our Mistress notices when you gloss over the requirements I have set forth
for you.  Fulfilling the requirements I have made for you should be your highest
goal.

Hannah is quite depressed about not being able to have seen you over the
weekend.  You have gotten completely under her skin, so to speak.  It's nobody's
fault, dear, You were busy with Jo and Hannah was tied up with her prick of a
boyfriend.  But she does need to be with you in a one on one situation,
privately, and not in a car.  Maybe you should get her over to your place or
someplace private where you can serve her properly.  She has a great many ideas
and needs to experience some of them before she gets so many she explodes.  It
would appear, my love, that everyone you come across and reveal yourself to, is
quite taken with you, you beauty, and your sincerity.
Since you have been able to maintain your masturbation schedule so easily,
angel, I would suggest that we make it a little more interesting.  From now on,
instead of masturbating after each meal, I require that you do so before each
meal as well.  And after you get home, I require you to orgasm once each hour
until you retire for the evening.  If you had those toys, it would be so much
more fun and easier for you. And are you still wearing panties, Angel?  I asked
you to take care of your panties for me by sealing them all up in a back closet. 
And speaking of panties, please tell Jo that your Mistress wishes for her to
have you wash all of her and allison's panties by hand from now on.  Except that
I first require you to lick and kiss the crotches of each pair before you wash
them.  With that new requirement and thought in your
pretty mind, Angel, I think that you probably need to go masturbate, hmmmmmm?

Your loving Mistress


Jan 22, 2003

Mistress

Miss, I did have a quandary about allison, she touched me and didn't know if I
should tell Miss josephine.  It might not have mean anything, but it did to me.
And I got excited by it, I was shocked but whenever I think of it now I get
excited again and yet part of me wishes she hadn't.	Now that I have read
your mail. I will ask Miss josephine if I may be allowed to wash her panties,
first with my tongue and then by hand but should I ask about allison's as well? 
Or should I just add "and I will wash allison's too?  I will have to see how
brave I
feel. Gosh Mistress, I got so wet when I read your suggestion about me  cleaning
their panties and licking them, I went straight to the loo and masturbated
myself.  And of course I will masturbate before and after eating from now on,
just thinking about that will be enough to make me need to.  It was such a
wonderful idea Mistress, x.	It may be difficult to do so each hour in the
evening Mistress. They will think I have something wrong with my bladder going
into their loo so often if I am with Miss josephine and allison (lol).

When I got back last night there was a note from Miss josephine, all it says is:

 Come up as soon as you get in and I will get you a drink for a change, you must
be tired. Just one item of clothing .
Remember? 
Miss josephine x

When I got in, I looked for something to put on, I ended up trying another
t-shirt on, the only thing that would be ok which wasn't in the wash basket
(Must put some washing on lol), but it was shorter than the other one, and I was
so uncertain.  I looked at myself in the mirror, and whenever I moved pretty
well, some of my bottom was exposed.  Anyway, I was just looking for something
else when Miss josephine came to the door.    She was going to put
another note under my door to say that it didn't matter what time I got
in.  She asked me if I was going to come up, and I told her I hadn't anything
proper to wear, She said "Perhaps you should come up naked then?" but
she was smiling, and then she asked me what was wrong with the t-shirt and I
lifted my arms and showed her, and she laughed, said "Well don't lift your arms
that high then, come on, its ok" and I asked if I shouldn't put some panties on.
She asked me if I had a thong, but I don't, then she said "allison saw your
bottom at the weekend anyway, come on".

allison was in the lounge when we got up there, she was in a disco outfit, she
often sits about in disco clothes.	She said "forget your skirt?" and I just
got embarrassed but her mom said that she had dragged me up and she asked "Its
ok isn't it darling?" and allison just said yes, of course.

Whenever allison was out of sight, in the loo, or when we were in the kitchen,
Miss josephine lifted my top and fondled me, stroking my pubes and my bottom,
and feeling my tits under my shirt, it was wonderful, and I was so excited, but
then I am almost every minute when I am with them. Later, when Miss josephine
was in the loo, allison came over to sit next to me and put both of her hands on
my thigh and stroked me and asked me if I would get her a coke. Her left hand
was just on my knee but her left one ran right up to the hem of my t-shirt.  I
was stunned and so excited, I must have sat there for a half a minute just
watching her hands on me, then she said, "Well?".	I practically
leapt up and went into the kitchen and I got the coke from the fridge but I
just had to stand there for a minute.  She came in to me while I was there and
asked me if I was ok, and I just said "Yes" and gave her the coke. I know she
may not have meant anything by her touching me, but it was electrifying
Mistress, and now I don't know if I should tell Miss josephine.

ANyway, that's why I am in a quandary, and I know it's something I have to sort
out for myself, but at the moment, I am thinking that I will leave it for now,
and see if she does it again, then I might tell her that she shouldn't, but I
really want her to, as well???????  As for their relationship with each other, I
do know that they are very close, they hug each other all the time, but I don't
think there's anything sexual in it of course.  Actually, last night before
allison went she hugged and kissed her mom goodnight, and then came over to me
and hugged and kissed me too.  allison does sit about in revealing
clothes quite alot of the time, not showing her pubes or bottom of course, but
just short skirts or tight trousers, sort of party stuff.
I have not told you about her I don't think - she is gangly and quite thin, even
thinner than I (lol) and about 2 inches taller than I am.  She has a shock of
mousey hair and, I don't want this to appear cruel at all, but I don't imagine
she is one of the 'in' crowd at school. Not one of the pretty people if you know
what I mean.  Her best friend is claire who I have met a few times, and the girl
who was at their flat last week, whose name I still cant
remember.
Miss josephine has mousey brown pubic hair, and she does trim it I think, and
there are signs that she shaves her bikini line.  I want to be shaven again
Mistress.  I feel even more exposed that way. I have phoned Miss josephine this
morning Mistress, and told her to ask Jackie if she has a camera we could use,
and i told her to tell Jackie that I would do anything for her or to her if
she will allow us to borrow it.  I had already phoned Dotty, they do have one
but its not working.  As for the shopping, on Friday Miss Hannah told me not to
go shopping without her, she said that she had told you that she would go with
me.  If she doesn't plan anything for Saturday I will go myself to the Ann
Summers shop and at least get another butt plug Mistress.

Miss josephine came down with me when I left tonight, allison had gone to bed,
and she just sat on my sofa and told me to "Come here" and she pulled me down to
my knees, pulled my t-shirt off, fondled me a little. Then she opened her legs
and pulled up her skirt and I licked her again.  and she still tasted wonderful
Mistress, and she came so quickly in my mouth.  She really likes me to kiss her
pussy Mistress.  She squirted and squirted right into my mouth Mistress.  She
hugged and hugged me afterwards, and she told me that she had seen my bottom
earlier, so perhaps it should be spanked, and she turned me around so that I was
side on to her (I was still on my knees) and she slapped my bottom, then
caressed it, telling me that she was going out tomorrow ( that is tonight now -
if you know what I mean) with Jackie, and she was thinking of telling her more
about me and what I do, and she asked me if I would like that. I just smiled,
because I didn't know really.  But now - after my phone call this morning she
does know.

Anyway Mistress, I will ask Miss josephine if I may wash her undies by hand, and
lick them as soon as I see her.  I was thinking of just showing her your mail,
but it mentions me massaging allison too, and I don't know if I should say that
to her really.  Also, from what you have said it shows that I like allison that
way, and I don't know if she should know that.  Perhaps me mentioning also
washing allison's undies will lay the seed?  But then maybe I shouldn't say that
either?????
If I don't hear from Miss Hannah by tomorrow night I will see if Miss josephine
wants to come with me to the Ann Summers?   I wonder too, what to do if allison
comes down for me tonight? With her mother being away? 

I will bag my panties tonight, except one pair Mistress, and I will
pee on them as you said.
I must go now.	Thank you for writing to me Mistress. I will try to
please you and get what you want me to get this weekend.

angel  x
I didn't send that then, I was called into a debriefing meeting, and Miss Hannah
called me twice but she has gone home now.  She will be cross with me.

Jan 22, 2003

My love,

josephine must realize that displaying you around her flat must be tantalizing
her daughter.  She would be quite naive indeed if she expected that allison
didn't have the same mature womanly desires as she does.
But, just as you are a beautiful, submissive introduction into the world of
girl/girl sex to josephine, you do serve exactly the same purpose to allison.
Please tell josephine that allison has shown some interest in you and you
respect josephine enough that you ask her permission to pursue it further and
make yourself available to allison the same way you are to her.  josephine
allowing allison to pursue and interest in you would be the greatest gift a
mother could ever give her daughter.  You are so kind and gentle that I strongly
feel that she will give her blessing if she hadn't intended on this happening in
the first place.  Perhaps offering to masturbate for them instead of going to
the loo every hour might be beneficial.  Tell them that it is a requirement of
your Mistress.  This continually reminds them that you are collared to me. You
may tell josephine that your Mistress requests that you hand wash BOTH their
dirty under things for them.  That is, hand wash then after you have cleaned
them all out with your tongue.  This places the onus of responsibility on me,
not you.  You will be doing it more for me than them.  And please tell them that
your
Mistress requires you to perform the oral cleaning in their presence.
When in their presence, I would prefer you not to wear any panties.  Again,
place this onto me.  They wish it, you wish it, and all three of you are too shy
to say it.  Quire soon, you will be going around their place either nude or
bottomless in a regular t-shirt.  Additionally, please tell josephine for me
that I really prefer that your bottom have a continuous reddish tinge to it.  A
tinge preferably in the shape of a hand or belt.  If josephine and/or allison
would be so kind to assist me in keeping your bottom red in their presence, I
would be eternally grateful.
Do you still have your Psion?  Or some other kind of home computer?  I really
need for you to make the necessary investment and purchase a digital camera,
Angel.  This will allow you the freedom to give me a record of your appearance
on a daily basis.  Please don't worry excessively about the money.  This is part
of the total commitment you make to our relationship, angel.  Both you and I
will have a permanent record of your adventures.  Believe me, dearest, you need
to see these records of your progress as much as I.

I need you, I want you, I adore you, and I cherish you.  I was thinking about
you today right when I was about to wipe my bottom.  Wishing that I could lower
it down upon your little kitten tongue for you to clean completely.

You are always in my thoughts.......

Mistress

Jan 22, 2003
(cc'ed from Hannah to Angel)

Slut, u will answer my calls first thing in the morning or you will live to
regret it, with everyone knowing how perverted you are, and that you tried to
pervert me.

Your Mistress has allowed you to see me. Obey her and me, slut.

Unless there is a massive reason why you can't, i want you to be in the
warehouse tomorrow at 12:00.

Jan 22, 2003

hannah,

Be gentle with angel.  She would never not call you without good reason.  And
please be very careful about threatening her with exposure.
What plans do you have for the weekend?

Sasha


Jan 23, 2003


Mistress

I have just read your mail, and last night was so wonderful, and reading your
mail and thinking of what happened makes it easy to keep up with my 
masturbation schedule. And allison has seen me naked!.

I have phoned Miss Hannah, she left 2 messages for me. She insists that I go
over there at lunchtime.  Its ok for me to go, so I will see her then.

First though, Miss Joanne told me last night that Jackie believes she can get
hold of a digital camera. She will let Miss Joanne know, hopefully tomorrow.

As soon as I got in last night, I took all of my panties, including those from
the washing basket, and I put them in the bath  So that all I have left now are
the ones I was wearing yesterday and Miss josephine's thong. Then I took my
panties off, pulled my skirt up, and peed on them all for you.  They are now in
a freezer bag on my wardrobe.  I should mention too that I did actually put on
some washing - including the string and my panties - , at last (I haven't done a
wash in over a week). I just thought I would mention that in case you were
afraid that I was getting a bit smelly (I am only kidding, I shower each day
Mistress).

I had just put the kettle on, and allison was at my door.  She just walked in
past me, and she asked me if I minded her coming down for a while because her
mom was out.  I told her it was ok, but that I had some things to do, and she
asked for a coke, but I had to give her coffee instead as I don't have coke,
then she asked me if I wasn't getting changed tonight, and I said I might
later, but she said you can go now, so I went into the bedroom and when I went
to close the door she was behind me, and she said "You don't mind if I sit and
chat to you do you?" and I said I didn't think she should, but she told me she
had seen her mom undress loads of times, so I just said ok, and she just sat on
my bed and watched me.  I took a t-shirt out of the drawer and put it on the
chair, then I undid the buttons of my blouse and took it off, and every nerve of
me was tingling. I undid my skirt and told her Id
been to the loo and I'd already taken my panties off, and she just shrugged, so
I let it drop  and I was naked for her Mistress. I was just so excited I was
breathless.  I picked up my skirt and put on my t-shirt. She was still just
sitting watching me, and I said, shall we get our coffees and we went into the
kitchen and sat and drank them, and al she said was I need more sugar.  After a
while she did talk about Sunday, she and her mom are meeting with her dad.

It was quite late when I got in last night, so by then it must have been about
half past nine, and I thought she should go, as I had things to do.  She hugged
me goodnight, and went.

I lay down and just masturbated myself silly.  It was wonderful.  When I had
recovered, I heard someone come in, Later I knew it was Miss josephine, and
about 20 minutes later she came down.  When I opened the door to her, all she
said was "So you show yourself to my daughter but not to me?" but she was
smiling, and I said Sorry Miss josephine" and took off my shirt, then started to
explain what had happened, that allison had just followed me into my room when I
was changing, and she said that allison had told her, but she did say that
allison had not seen her naked in years, and she just laughed.  Later, she told
me that she didn't think I should 'play' with allison, touch her or lick her,
and I
told her that allison did touch me yesterday when she touched my leg, and Miss
josephine asked me if I minded, and I said No, of course not Miss, and she said,
"well I suppose that's ok then". 
She undid her jeans and pulled them down to her ankles, sat on the edge of my
sofa and said, quickly then my little slave, momma needs to be pleased. I
pulled her panties to one side, and with my fingers and my tongue I made her cum
so quickly, spurting her juices into my mouth.  Oh it was wonderful Mistress. 
Just wonderful.

She kissed me then asked me to get her bag while she dressed, and she gave me a
present. Its a burgundy silk top, with tie strings over the shoulders and it
comes to just above my pubes. The front is square cut but the back is cut away. 
Its lovely.  I put it on, and she said wear that tomorrow when you come up, but
maybe with some panties and she slapped my bottom as I turned for her, and I
told her you had told me not to wear them, and she said ok, and she let out the
ties so that it did cover my pubes and my bottom just
about, but it is only about an inch above my nipples.  Its loose, not fitted,
but it is lovely.

I was so carried away with what had happened that I forgot to tell her about
cleaning their panties by hand, and of course I hadn't had your mail then.  She
wants me to go up tomorrow, she wants to tell me about Jackie. ALl she told me
last night was that she might get a camera.

Mistress, when I read you mail, the third or fourth time, I went and masturbated
again.  The thought of masturbating for both of them is wonderful, just
wonderful.  I still cant believe that allison watched me naked and then her mom
let me suck her like that.  Oh everything is so wonderful just now, and I will
try to tell them that you insist on me washing their
panties by hand, both of them.  It will be lovely, but I don't know if she will
let me do it while allison watches Mistress.  I would, but she may not want me
to lick hers when she is there.  I will also ask her to make sure that my bottom
is reddened for you.

Angel  xxxx

Jan 23, 2003

Its ok Sasha, she has phoned me, and she is coming over at lunchtime.

Im going to ask her what she and this jo tart are doing together. Then maybe i
will get a better idea of what she wants. then she wont ignore me so much. Barry
thinks its xmas again i've been so fucking randy all the time. Im not going to
go over the top with her, just find out what she wants and maybe slap her ass a
bit , we know she likes that don't we????????  lol

it would be good if you could be online later but i guess you'll still be in
bed. on saturday i have found the address of this club in portsmouth where its a
gay night on saturdays so im going to take her there and maybe we can do some
shopping too. i don't know if i should tell her where we are going tho.  And
like i was going to say that a gay had come on to me??????  that was just a
threat. she just makes me randy, even thinking about her, the slut. but she
shouldn't ignore me.

gotta go. Hannah. Kisses Licks and Spanks

Jan 23, 2003

Dearest,

It would definitely seem that your life is going very well for you.  josephine
has accepted you as a slave and has also given you the go ahead that it is all
right for you to initiate allison into your needs and desires.  They are both
going in the direction you and I desires them to.  Just stay the course and let
me make the necessary requests to move them both along in the right direction. 
When you are together next, please inform her about washing their under things
and them spanking you for me.
I think that it is wonderful that josephine bought you a top to wear.  Even
though she retied the string so it sits lower, please untie them for me and
adjust them so that it sits a little higher.  allison has seen you nude so there
is no reason to try to hide yourself from either of them.  Once we have you
shaved they will all be able to see just how wet you always are.
Since Jackie does have a camera, I should hope that pictures of you will be
forthcoming very soon.  It would be extremely nice to have a few of you showing
your oral talents on josephine as well as Jackie thanking her for photographing
you.  (Maybe if you offer a little more to Jackie, she will let you borrow the
camera) Of course their faces don't have to be in those.  But I would appreciate
having a picture of josephine, allison, Jackie, and Hannah (just regular ones)
so i can put faces to their names.
Now about Hannah.  She really wants you desperately.  I told her firmly not to
threaten you like she alluded to in her last letter to you.  She wishes to go
out with you on Saturday night so be prepared.  You will dress sexy for her and
do what she says.  One disadvantage about her that you need to help her with is
that she has no places to take you since she lives with a man.  It might be wise
to introduce her to josephine so that she might get more involved with the
little, loving group that is forming at your place.
She will do alot better if there are more places to play other than the loo at
work or an automobile.  But I do know that she wishes to go to a ladies bar with
you this weekend.
One thing I do need from you, angel, is your password. I require that you update
your profile for me to reflect your status and your preferences.  With your
password, (and I will respect your privacy) I intend to set up your briefcase in
Yahoo, on a very private, secure setting, as a repository for the photographs of
you that will be soon forthcoming.  I can arrange them there properly and we can
control the access completely.  You may, of course, go to my briefcase see see
all of the female bottom I have in there for you to drool over.  Your briefcase
will be dedicated to your submission and your progress. I sincerely hope that
you are planning on acquiring all those toys by this weekend, angel. They are
all needed, especially the enema bag so that we can clean you out properly. 
Print out the list of everything I
require you to have at this point and give it to either josephine or Hannah, or
both. I think that you would agree that everything is progressing better than
you could have ever hoped, my love.  I am so very happy for you.

Mistress
Jan 23, 2003

And by the way, Angel, the address for my briefcase is xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
You have to be logged into your Yahoo I.D. to access into it.  I hope you enjoy
it fully and take the time to view it all. And, by the way, since you will be
going around josephine's place bottomless for me, i do think that it
is time that you stop sitting down in such a ladylike fashion.  When you sit
down in their presence from now on, please keep your pretty legs spread so that
they may always see your charms.  I do think that it is pretty enough to be seen
at all times, especially since it will be shaved soon and most likely pierced as
well.  I do also hope that you start leaving visible wet spots on their
furniture.  Of course, I know that you are more than happy to clean those spots
up with your tongue for them.  But they both need to see just how excited you
are for them.  Excitement breeds more excitement, I think you will agree, my
angel.
Now go masturbate!

Mistress

Jan 23, 2003

This is the chat we all had together today. For both your records and your
enjoyment, angel.  I love you dearly.

Sasha: Hannah!
Sasha: I am writing you now!
Sasha: can you chat?
hannah: Mistress, Its angel, Hannah is on the
telephone
Sasha: My love!
hannah: my love
hannah: xxxxxxxxxx
Sasha: there are two letters waiting for you
Sasha: that I just finished.
hannah: Miss Hannah has just allowed me to cum
Mistress
Sasha: where did you cum?
hannah: on her chair mistress
Sasha: are the two of you alone?
hannah: Yes Mistress, we are in her Warehouse
Sasha: are you dressed?
hannah: no mistress
Sasha: good girl.  Reach over and feel her bottom
hannah: sasha helloooooooo
hannah: its hannah
Sasha: greetings, young lady
hannah: i was at the other desk
Sasha: Just told Angel to feel your rear
hannah: hoped you'd be here
Sasha: and I am
hannah: then she should
Sasha: yes, would you consider lowering your pants
first?
Sasha: so she might do it properly?
hannah: she has none on
hannah: oh meeeeee.
Sasha: yes you
Sasha: it's your bottom
hannah: yes she's deserved that i think
Sasha: let her tongue you back there
Sasha: you bend and spread
Sasha: unless you'd like to use the loo first
hannah: i do need a wee
Sasha: do you require assistance?
hannah: mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Sasha: then I think it is time, don't you?
hannah: yes
Sasha: on hr knees in front of you?
hannah: ohhhhhhh yes
Sasha: her mouth latched onto your hairy bush?
hannah: its not that hairy!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: have her remove your pants and panties
beforehand so everything is easier to access
Sasha: how ever it appears is fine, my dear
Sasha: but she makes a good roll of toilet paper
hannah: ok she had taken my jeans and pants off
hannah: and she says thank you
Sasha: do you wish to have her do it there at your
desk?
hannah: why not
Sasha: then get her in position and pee in her
mouth.  Surprise her!
Sasha: tell her that you and I love her right
beforehand
hannah: k
Sasha: she needs to rink it all
Sasha: and to clean you properly afterwards
Sasha: let her make you cum with her tongue as a
reward
hannah: omg
hannah: u there???????
Sasha: of course
hannah: oh fuck
Sasha: is she still thirsty?
hannah: o love her mouth
Sasha: she is a jewel, isn't she?
hannah: she's sitting on the floor between my legs
kissing my tummy
hannah: ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Sasha: did she drink?
hannah: yep
Sasha: how much?
hannah: and licked and sucked and omg
hannah: how much?
Sasha: how much did you make her drink?
hannah: all of it
hannah: and..................
Sasha: was it alot?
hannah: she thanks me for it
hannah: yep
Sasha: of course she does
Sasha: did she make a mess or did she get it all?
hannah: i NEVER wanna use a loo again
hannah: she got everything
Sasha: good girl.
Sasha: did she lick your bottom also?
hannah: gotta give her a kiss, brb
hannah: oh
Sasha: tell her to masturbate some more
Sasha: did she lick your ass/
hannah: i couldn't do any more
hannah: she fucked me out
hannah: im shattered
hannah: lololol
Sasha: in a very good way
hannah: oh yessssssssssss
hannah: god
hannah: i don't believe it
Sasha: Now tell me honestly, hannah.  Has ANY man
EVER made you feel anywhere close to what you are
feeling right now?
hannah: NO
hannah: NOT ONE, NEVER
Sasha: then remember this lesson well, young lady
hannah: I WANT HER
hannah: I'VE BEEN SO FUCKIN RANDY FOR DAYS
Sasha: if you want her, hannah, then sit her on
your desk, spread her legs, and lick her to an orgasm.
Sasha: you taste her pussy
hannah: I DIDN'T MEAN THAT
Sasha: but i do. 
Sasha: It would be a wonderful thank you for her
Sasha: as a reward for a job well done
hannah: IT WOULD
Sasha: but of course.  And you will enjoy it
immensely
Sasha: give her some of the joy you just felt.
hannah: K
Sasha: this is all an act o sharing
Sasha: Mistress's reward good service in very
tender, loving ways
hannah: K I GET IT
hannah: HANG ON
hannah: OK?
Sasha: then make her cum with your mouth an tongue
Sasha: yes
hannah: tHANK YOU mISTRESS, tHANK yOU tHANK yOU
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
hannah: Sorry, I didn't see caps were on.
Sasha: was that hannah or angel
hannah: angel Mistress, Miss Hannah told me to
Thank You
Sasha: and did Miss hannah enjoy it as well?
hannah: Miss Hannah just made me cum so beautifully
hannah: yes
Sasha: Did Miss hannah think you tasted divine?
hannah: i've sent her away,
hannah: this is hannah
hannah: its lovely
hannah: im in love
Sasha: better than having a penis shoot a salty
substance into the back of your throat?
hannah: too right
hannah: she's just sooooo lovely
hannah: hang on
Sasha: I hope you know, hannah, that if you
purchase a nice strap on dildo, angel will fuck you
better than any man ever could.
Sasha: and be more loving as well
hannah: she cant see this, she's sitting on my lap
facing me
hannah: oh yes
hannah: and i'll fuck her too
Sasha: stick our finger deeply into her bottom
Sasha: and then stick that finger into her mouth
hannah: dooooooooo
Sasha: and let her clean it
Sasha: do it
Sasha: really ge it in there
hannah: she's sucking it like she loves it
Sasha: she does.  Welcome to her world
hannah: one hand typing
hannah: omg
Sasha: try two fingers next
hannah: i just kissed her
hannah: had to
Sasha: lol
hannah: ohhhhhhh
hannah: lol
Sasha: do two fingers now
hannah: hang on
hannah: god y u r dirty
hannah: and delicious
Sasha: and then in her mouth
hannah: she's bent over my lap
hannah: spank 1st eh
hannah: lol
Sasha: no finger her ass
hannah: k
Sasha: and then the fingers in her mouth
hannah: omgggggg
Sasha: now it is your turn.  Have her finger your
ass and then put her fingers in her mouth
hannah: im dressed and we gotta open up
Sasha: do it
hannah: but she will
hannah: k
hannah: hang on
hannah: she is unbelievable
hannah: god its horny
Sasha: I know that and now you do.
hannah: i gotta open, hang on, she got to dress
Sasha: and believe me, hannah, your b.f.'s cock
won't be able to cure the itch you now have
hannah: she can talk while i open
hannah: Miss Hannah has told me to chat with You
while she opens Mistress
hannah: Mistress, I am in heaven
Sasha: I would imagine you are
hannah: She is so wonderful
Sasha: and how did she taste?
hannah: and she Kissed me
hannah: she is so delicious and sweet Miss
Sasha: and you are the first girl she has licked
also I believe
hannah: and I drank her pee Mistress
Sasha: I know.
hannah: Yes Mistress
Sasha: You just deflowered a virgin, my love
hannah: oh, Thank You
Sasha: never forget that
Sasha: how was her pussy?
hannah: No Mistress
hannah: divine
Sasha: she told me it was au natural
hannah: I don't understand Mistress
Sasha: she never shaves, dear
hannah: She has no piercing Mistress
hannah: no Mistress, she is beautifully hairy Miss
Sasha: I know she doesn't.  But you will soon,
angel. 
hannah: soft shiny hair
hannah: yes Miss, Please
Sasha: what color hair?
hannah: soft brown, not as fair as her head hair
Miss
Sasha: did she pee alot?
hannah: yes Mistress, she was wonderful
Sasha: she says she never wishes to use to loo
again
Sasha: only you
hannah: oh I am so very happy
hannah: I will be here for her whenever I can
Mistress
Sasha: and how did the finger taste after it had
been in her bottom?
hannah: Its so sweet Mistress
Sasha: would you like to eat more of that?
hannah: there was a taste of her on my fingers
hannah: if she wished me to Mistress,
hannah: I would if she wants it.
Sasha: I know you would
Sasha: and i know you would eat more than a taste
also.
hannah: Yes Mistress, if she wished
Sasha: and if I wished
hannah: she is back Mistress
Sasha: I love you, angel
Sasha: you are doing so well
Sasha: and I am so pleased with everything that is
happening
hannah: i love you too Mistress
Sasha: as you are I know
hannah: Miss Hannah is here with me Mistress
hannah: I am so happy
Sasha: your life is a dream now thanks to your
friends
Sasha: and Hannah knows now how precious a woman's
love is, don't you, hannah?
hannah: Miss Hannah says she doesn't like me so much
with my clothes on Mistress
Sasha: and how much joy control can bring.
Sasha: Lol!  I can understand that
hannah: She said, "I do"
Sasha: I think that you and I have ruined her for
her boyfriend.
hannah: She said "Its not just any woman, just this
slut"
Sasha: Men just don't have the passion we do for
this thing
hannah: good chance
hannah: this is hannah
hannah: i want her again already
Sasha: hello, my young apprentice
hannah: hello Mistress Delicious
Sasha:
hannah:
Sasha: I am so honored that Angel was allowed to be
your first.
hannah: i reckon she'll be the only
Sasha: And the pleasure is only beginning
Sasha: that is probably true.  No one else could do
what she does and as well.
Sasha: At least I know how proud you will be of her
when you take her out this weekend
hannah: i've just undone her top and she didn't bat
an eye
hannah: i know
Sasha: And being proud, I know you will protect how
precious she is.
Sasha: And be careful of your treasure.
hannah: i know what u mean
Sasha: I am glad you now understand
hannah: i want her to be a slut 4 me, but i do love
her 4 it
Sasha: she is so much more than a toy or a pet.
hannah: she's a slut lover
Sasha: and now you really realize it.
hannah: a lesbian slut lover
Sasha: and so are you now.
hannah: well i don't know about
that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: Look, hannah.  How can you think about
pulling back some guy's foreskin and seeing a big ball
of lint there and possibly tell me otherwise?
hannah: she gets so turned on just playing with her
nips
Sasha: reach under her dress and pinch her ss as
hard as you can
hannah: its just her tho, im not just gay
Sasha: gay for only one girl still proves my point.
hannah: she's gonna cum
hannah: panting slut
hannah: here
Sasha: when you try to put what you have just
experienced next to looking at some man's sweaty hairy
ass I think you and I both know who you will be
thinking of
Sasha: buy a strap on.  let her make love to you.
And then me I am wrong.
Sasha: pinch her ass hard!
hannah: she cum
Sasha: of course she did
hannah: just pulling and pinching her nips
hannah:
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hannah: special
hannah: im in love with her body and what it does
hannah: bugger phone
hannah: brb
Sasha: and what about her as a person??????
hannah: back, delivery in 10 mins
hannah: i love her as a person too
hannah: ok?
Sasha: let me talk with her then
hannah: k, ill go open up the gate
hannah: Mistress?
Sasha: yes, angel.
hannah: Miss Hannah said you are trying to 'do a
dating agency thing'
Sasha: Congratulations, dear. hannah has just
realized how special you are
Sasha: dating agency?
hannah: and so is she Mistress
hannah: That's what she said Mistress
Sasha: But it was more important for her to realize
how special you are so that she can learn to treat you
as such and not as a toy to pull out and play with
hannah: I don't mind that Mistress
hannah: Not really
Sasha: I don't know what a dating agency is, angel.
Why would either of you need a date?  You have each
other
hannah: I don't know Mistress
Sasha: I know, angel.  But you are so much more
than property.  And if you were to be considered
property, then you are MY property.
hannah: Yes Mistress
hannah: I wasn't questioning you Mistress
hannah: Sorry
Sasha: and that I am very protective of how my
property is treated when loaned out
Sasha: I know you weren't
hannah: She was lovely to me Mistress
Sasha: but Hannah is a lovely young girl.  But she
is young.  And she needs to quickly gain the experience
hannah: Yes Mistress
Sasha: I just don't want something too wild to
happen in a situation she might have fantasized about
but might not have the experience to control in reality
hannah: Thank you Mistress. 
Sasha: especially if you two are going into public
this weekend
hannah: I didn't know Mistress
Sasha: I love you more than anything, angel.  I
would never wish you hurt.
hannah: I know that Mistress, I do know that.
hannah: x
Sasha: so I am making sure to the utmost that that
doesn't occur
hannah: Thank you Mistress.
Sasha: An inexperienced rider might whip the horse
too much or use the spurs too harshly without knowing.
hannah: She did once ask me about a safe word
Mistress
Sasha: do you wish one?
hannah: I don't think she wants to hurt me.
hannah: No Mistress, I don't feel the need with her.
Sasha: but you can never predict the situations,
angel.  Especially public ones.
hannah: Yes Mistress
hannah: Then perhaps I should have one Mistress
Sasha: And I know you would never use it unless
your better judgment and common sense stepped to the
forefront.
Sasha: Your Safe word is:  Mercy
hannah: Thank you Mistress, I will tell her.
hannah: I don't think I need to say anything of this
to Miss josephine
Sasha: And if you are to ever play with others she
knows or has met, she must always be there to hear you
say that if necessary
hannah: I shall tell her Mistress
Sasha: Hannah needs to meet jo but needs to be told
about what type of relationship you have with her
beforehand so that she may be respectful of another
Mistress' boundaries and limitations.
hannah: Do you wish me to say Mistress, or will
you?
Sasha: a scene with multiple Mistress' involved can
only progress as fast as the experience and comfort
level of the least experienced Mistress
Sasha: You may tell her.  She has to respect your
relationships.
hannah: Are they my Mistresses too now Mistress?
Sasha: You are a highly intelligent, sensitive lady
Sasha: No.
Sasha: They are both Miss
Sasha: I am Mistress
hannah: yes Mistress
Sasha: I used that word in the context of the
sentences
Sasha: so you would better understand
hannah: Miss josephine loves me to call her that
Sasha: Miss or mistress?
hannah: Miss josephine
Sasha: O.K.
hannah: I have not called her or Miss Hannah
Mistress
Sasha: Leaving them as Miss solidifies my position
over you all and lets them know that they do not have
my approval to go totally wild with you.
Sasha: neither of them is remotely qualified to be
Mistresses yet.  You know that, dear.
hannah: I am still not sure that Miss josephine
believes you are real.  I feel she thinks you are a
device I am using Mistress
Sasha: Neither of them can do any of this without
my guidance and direction.
hannah: She has never asked about you
Sasha: I would be happy to write Jo and correspond
with her separately if she could.
hannah: Yes Mistress
hannah: I know that Mistress, it ok, don't worry. I
do relay things to her.
hannah: and tonight I shall tell her about me
washing their panties Mistress
Sasha: I wrote you two letters about everything
hannah: I have not seen them yet Mistress, I will
log onto my account later, Thank You
Sasha: You are most welcome
hannah: I love your letter Mistress
hannah: I get wet just seeing your name in my inbox
Mistress
Sasha: And I do as well with you, angel.  You write
so beautifully
Sasha: I cant wait until a camera comes into play
and I can see you
hannah: I love writing to you, its like reliving it
all
hannah: Miss josephine may know about one tonight
Mistress
hannah: from Jackie
Sasha: I know I read your letter
hannah: Yes Mistress, sorry
Sasha: But you need to be able to borrow it so it
can be used daily
hannah: Yes Mistress, I will ask
hannah: back
hannah: So chat about Miss josephine
hannah: Sasha?
Sasha: yes?
Sasha: Is this hannah?
hannah: thought you'd gone
hannah: yes
Sasha: Chat about josephine/
Sasha: ?
hannah: above
hannah: i saw her name mentioned
Sasha: You and her are two very different people.
Sasha: With very different tastes
hannah: ?????
hannah: does she taste as nice as me??????????????
hannah: rofl
Sasha: she is much slower moving and doesn't have
the incredible imagination you have
hannah: right
hannah: you scared ill frighten her?
hannah:
hannah: u got server probs hun?
Sasha: no
hannah: ok
hannah: just wondered
Sasha: Not scared you'll frighten her.  Just a
little shock.  Lol!
hannah: lol
hannah: ill be good. promise
Sasha: You have to remember that when two Dommes
get together to hare one slave, both must be
respectful of another
hannah: slave?????????
hannah: m lovely
Sasha: and when together a scene can only move at
the pace of the slowest moving Domme
hannah: of course, i understand
hannah: i get that
Sasha: Just making sure.
hannah: k
Sasha: And Jo has a 16 year old daughter allison
hannah: i promise i wont spank the SLAVE in front
of them, how's that?
hannah: right, that's awkward for her
Sasha: She definitely has an interest in angel also
and Angel and Jo know it.  That must be allowed to
progress naturally.
hannah: angel is getting to the daughter
too??????????????????????
hannah: woohoo
hannah: the slut
Sasha: But I think you realize now, that, when done
right, something like what you just did with Angel, is
something that if you experience it young, you will
have that much longer in life in which to enjoy it.
hannah: she is so amazing
hannah: right
Sasha: Today you have changed your taste in sex FOR
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!
hannah: u might be right
hannah: probably are
Sasha: because it was the right situation, with the
right person, and it was controlled gently
hannah: and she is such a dream
Sasha: she is, I know.
hannah: our slave
hannah: nice word slave
Sasha: So we must allow allison to experience things
like that at her pace in a way that is beautiful and
natural
Sasha: if that is her choice
hannah: i get it. don't worry
hannah: i didn't even know there was a daughter too
hannah: i know fuck all about josephine either
Sasha: Angel will fill you in
Sasha: no you are taking her out saturday right?
Sasha: lesbian bar?
hannah: yes
hannah: well a gay bar, ladies night
Sasha: any chance on that piercing happening the ay
we talked?
hannah: i hope so
hannah: there's bound to be a place in portsmouth
hannah: its that sort of place
hannah: lots of sailors
hannah: lol
Sasha: lesbian place?
Sasha: female piercers?
hannah: there's a gay area there, we are going to
look there
hannah: its gotta be fem!!!!!!!!!
hannah: mine was
hannah: but that was in Xxxxxx
Sasha: do some homework and figure it out
hannah: yes Miss
Sasha: only planning will make everything right
hannah: ok, ill make some calls
Sasha: good girl
hannah: thank you miss
hannah: lol
Sasha: you know what you want to make it right for
the both of you.
hannah: what ?
Sasha: that requires some effort on your part.
Sasha: 'we talked about it all
hannah: ok, i do know
hannah: yes I remember
Sasha: good
Sasha: to make it more than a fantasy requires
effort
hannah: i get the message
hannah: she's told me about miss josephine
Sasha: And what do you think?
hannah: maybe i call in there when i pick her up
hannah: she sounds nice
hannah: you know she lives upstairs from angel?????
Sasha: yes
hannah: k
hannah: handy
hannah: 4 her
hannah: lol
Sasha: yes it is.  If we can get you over there,
you will have a safe place to play
hannah: fine
hannah: excellent
hannah: saturday then
hannah: ill arrange it with slut
Sasha: and I know Jo and allison are busy Sunday
hannah: im not
Sasha: but write me your ideas about Saturday night
hannah: lol
hannah: i will
hannah: sasha ...???
Sasha: yes, dear.........
hannah: T H A N K S
hannah: u wanna swap pikkies?
Sasha: You are most welcome, dear Hannah
Sasha: You bet I do!
hannah: k, ill dig one out
Sasha: i sent you mine
hannah: sexxxxxxxxxy
Sasha: Thank you dear
hannah: np
hannah: u got a look about u too
Sasha: thank you, dear.
Sasha: Hopefully it is the proper look
hannah: was there more to see in that pic?????????
hannah: its a serious bossy look
hannah: very proper 4 u
Sasha: not in that particular one, dear.
hannah: slave was getting restless so i got her to
hitch up her skirt and frig for me
hannah: pretty pussy
hannah: god. did i say that
Sasha: yes you did
hannah: lol
Sasha: and I know you want to kiss and kick it
again
hannah: mmmmmmmmmmm
hannah: kick it????????????
hannah: lololololololol
Sasha: sorry
Sasha: LICK IT
hannah: np
hannah: true
hannah: one quick kiss
Sasha: why don't you do that, smarty?
Sasha: and more than a quick kiss too
hannah: she's sooooooooooooooo
Sasha: tasty?
hannah: yep
hannah: an WET
Sasha: did she cum again?
Sasha: on your tongue?
hannah: NOT YET, SHE'S STILL AT IT
Sasha: lick her to orgasm, hannah
hannah: NICE TO WATCH
hannah: ONE HAND COS IM PLAYIN TOO
Sasha: lick her
hannah: LOL
Sasha: to orgasm
Sasha: hold on, dear.  I'll be back in 15
hannah: back
hannah: oh
hannah: u there?
Sasha: here
hannah: k
Sasha: but only for a few more minutes
hannah: np
Sasha: did you make her com with your tongue?
hannah: mmmmmmmmmmmm
Sasha: You are well on your way to becoming quite
the pussy licker yourself, hannah
hannah: lol
hannah: only the 1 pussy
Sasha: who's the lesbian slut now?  Lol!
Sasha: for that one pussy
Sasha: and, my dearest hannah, it only really takes
one pussy to make that determination, doesn't it? 
hannah: me!!!!!!!!!
hannah: lol
hannah: she made me cum too tho you know
hannah: she's gone back now
Sasha: Of course, I do know you would bury your
pretty face into mine as well.
hannah: SASHA!!!!!!!!!
hannah: Im shocked
hannah: SASHA
hannah: my fingers aren't working too well just now
Sasha: I would be shocked if you didn't beg for the
opportunity to do so.
Sasha: I can understand why
hannah: lol
hannah: right
hannah: you know when she was ready to go ...
Sasha: tell me
hannah: she stood there and asked me if I needed to
pee before she went
hannah: awwwwwwwwwww
hannah: she is soooooooooooo
Sasha: special?
Sasha: obedient?
hannah: everything
Sasha: such an Angel?
hannah: now i see
Sasha: want to move in with her?
hannah: that's why she's called angel
Sasha: But of course
hannah: you serious?
Sasha: Let's see how everything goes, hmmmm?  But
don't discount anything
hannah: omg
Sasha: you do know you would be happier, right?
Sasha: all you do is talk bad about the b.f., you
know
hannah: yes, i do
hannah: ?????????????????
hannah: would she let me?
Sasha: you will, in the next several months, my
dear, come to many new realizations about yourself,
your desires, and your needs.
hannah: god im talking about becoming a lesbian
Sasha: pay attention to all of them and be honest
about them to yourself as well.
hannah: now you've said it i want it more than
anything
Sasha: Look dear, if doing something that
ultimately makes you happiest needs to happen, then so
be it.  Don't demean it with a useless label set in
place by vanilla who judge but don't experience life to
it's fullest
Sasha: there endith the lesson.
hannah: i need to think
hannah: lol
Sasha: Take all the time in the world, hannah.
There is no rush
Sasha: you have the rest of your life
hannah: what about josephine?
hannah: does she want her?
Sasha: but your mind is definitely turning in
different directions and in ways you never imagined
hannah: i would share her with them
hannah: but i do want her
Sasha: Like I said, time will tell.  You might
enjoy sharing and/or being a part of their world and
they yours.
hannah: y
Sasha: call it a support group
hannah: lol
hannah: sex group more like
Sasha: I can't do everything and provide all the
support that you might need.  You have to have others
that you will come to trust to talk about.
Sasha: group with the same sexual preferences shall
we say?
Sasha: not a sex group unless you all decide on that
mutually.
hannah: yes angel
Sasha: think on a more mature level
Sasha: I am Mistress or ma'am, young one
Sasha: she is angel.
Sasha: you are a much loved and valued pupil to
whom I am imparting several decades experience
hannah: i meant that she is the same sexual
preference
hannah: you're not that old!!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: Lol!  true.  She is the focus.
Sasha: o.k.  I stand corrected.  2 decades
experience
hannah: k
Sasha: but listen and learn what I impart to you.
hannah: locking up time, i have to go
Sasha: I am jump starting you to a much higher
level than any of your mates.
hannah: true
Sasha: and giving you wisdom beyond your years
Sasha: use it wisely.  It will serve you well over
your lifetime
hannah: i know
Sasha: and someday in the future, you may impart it
to someone like you
hannah: i have to switch off b4 security arrive
sasha
hannah: sorry
Sasha: have fun!
Sasha: take care
hannah: we will
hannah: you too. and thanks
Sasha: welcome, dear
hannah: byeeeeeeeeee


Jan 24, 2003


Mistress

I was naked for the both of them yesterday, when I changed and all the time
while I washed up, and the whole evening was unbelievable.  After what Miss
Hannah and I had done I was unsure of whether I wanted to go up, but now I am so
glad that I did, and then this morning Miss josephine came down to me to tell me
that allison and she had been talking about me and allison wants to touch me. 
Apparently she had told her mom that she really wanted to touch me last night
and she asked her mom if it was wrong, and Miss josephine told her that she had
wanted to as well, and they talked about it and she  told allison that she would
come down and ask if I would let them touch me. So she asked me if I was all
right if allison did, and I said that I'd do anything for either of them.  Miss
josephine told me not to touch allison, and she will tell allison only to touch
me
while Miss josephine is there.  She is going to tell allison that I told her
that I am submissive and like to do things to please people, and she will tell
her that I'd suggested that I should call them Miss josephine and Miss allison,
and that I would do whatever they asked and let them touch me where they wanted. 
I've been wet all day just thinking about it, and what happened yesterday with
Miss Hannah.  I did say to Miss josephine that if she touches me I will orgasm,
and she said, "I expect you will my dear".

When I got in last night, Miss josephine had left me a note, saying that allison
is out till 7:30, so come up straight away and do your duty, so I went up and
she straight away took me to the sofa and she had me kiss her pussy until she
came, and she nearly screamed as she came in my mouth, then she put her panties
back on, and told me off for coming up with so many clothes on (I was still in
my work clothes) but she smiled at me when I apologized, and said maybe you
could change into your new top for us both when allison gets in, but I
had to not tell allison that her mom had bought it for me.
I told her your instruction about me needing to have a reddened bottom, and she
told told me to stand up and she pulled my skirt up and smacked my  bottom, and
said, there, how's that, and I thanked her.  Then allison came back and she
hugged and kissed each of us, and Miss josephine and I went into the kitchen and
I got coffees and she was preparing dinner.  Every now and then, she came up
behind me and squeezed my tits through my shirt, and sometimes said things like
we are going to see your little breasts soon.

allison came in, and asked me for a coke, then she said that I was very dressed
up tonight, and her mom said "Stephie has just told me about a new top she's
got, perhaps she should try it on for us to see it?" and allison very quickly
said yes, then, bring it up and change here, and her mom said yes, so I went
downstairs and got it, my heart was just pounding Mistress, I almost found it
hard to walk up the stairs.  They were both in the kitchen still and I went
through and showed it to them, and allison held it and said that it felt really
nice, and Miss josephine said lets see it on then, so I undressed right there
in the kitchen, and when I had taken my skirt off and was naked, allison asked
me if I never wore knickers because I didn't have any on yesterday either, and I
said sometimes I don't wear them, and I went up to her, completely nude Mistress
and asked for my top, I think I said "May I have my top" and she held it behind
her and said "Ask nicer, and I said May I have my top
please Miss" and her mother was watching me stand naked in front of allison,
just inches from her, and I'd called her Miss, and I could have exploded if
allison had just touched me anywhere, but she just gave me my top and said
"Better".  I put it on and they both said how nice it looked, then allison said
"I can still see your tits" and I looked down and they were pretty well
uncovered, so i lifted the front and covered them, but she just pulled it back
down again, and we started a tug game of me covering them and her pulling it
back down again till I stopped and the top was resting under my breasts.  The
strings connect to the front almost at the sides, under my armpits, so my tits
were
just exposed to her, and she was so close.  She just sat there, laughing and her
mom was laughing too, and she came over to us, and put her arm around me and
said "You have no secrets from us Stephie", and I couldn't believe that it was
like that, standing there in Miss josephine's arms with my breasts out by
allison.  It was wonderful.  Something boiled on the hob so josephine went to
it, and allison got off her stool and hugged me and I felt her shiny top on my
breasts, It was just so wonderful Mistress. 

We sat and ate, and when I went to get wine for josephine and I, allison said,
"I can see your bottom when you bend over too"  and Miss josephine came over to
me and told me to bend over again, so I bent down to the rack again, mostly I
bent my legs, but I did have to bend my back a little too, but I must admit that
this time I bent more at the waist, and she smacked my bottom, and said
"that's for showing your bottom", and I stood up and completely instinctively,
and now I think about it, wrongly in front of allison, I thanked her.  And she
said,  "So that's what we do when she shows off her bottom
allison", and they both giggled!.  Miss josephine took me back to the and we sat
for a while just chatting about our days, allison went out for a while and while
she was gone Miss josephine played with my tits, and squeezed my nipples, and
she asked me if I was all right, and I told her I was very happy, and she kissed
me. 

When allison came back, Miss josephine said "There's washing up to do" and
allison came over to me and put her Arms on my shoulders facing me and she
looked at my tits and said "You better get to it then", and I got up.  Miss
josephine said "It would be a shame to get your top wet, silk stains", and I
just agreed, and she said "You'd best take it off while you wash up", all very
matter
of fact, and she lifted it over my head, and I was nude again, and they both
just looked at me, then allison went behind me and smacked my bottom and said
something like "There it is again" and they both laughed.   So I took the plates
to the sink, and I washed up nude while they just sat at the breakfast
bar and watched me washing up.  I could feel the wetness between my thighs, I
was just so excited by it all.  I just didn't think about the cleaning at all,
and Im sure half of the dishes are still dirty, I just don't remember it at all,
I was just so full of the fact that I was nude for them both.  It was wonderful.

When I'd finished I went back to them, and said "May I have my top now please"
to Miss josephine, and she said, first you can top up our drinks I think, so I
got more drinks and she gave me my top and we went into the
lounge.  Miss josephine sat on a chair and allison on the sofa, so I sat on the
sofa too, and when Id sat allison just quite calmly leant over to me and pulled
my top
down again so that it was under my breasts again. 
Miss josephine suggested we watch a video, so allison shouted "Ali G" and her
mom agreed and allison told me to put it on, and I admit that I purposefully
bend down to get it and put it in the recorder, and Miss josephine called me to
her, and she turned me sideways and lifted my top and smacked my bottom and said
"Naughty", and I thanked her.  I went back to the recorder and pressed
start, and allison called me to her, "Come here" with a sort of mock 'fed up'
voice, and she copied exactly what her mother did and she lifted my skirt and
she smacked my bottom and I mumbled Thank You because I was hardly able to speak
with her holding my top up and my breasts showing, and I almost came.

I sat down next to her in front of the TV and her mother got up from her chair
and said "Budge Up" and she sat on the other side of me.  I was sitting
between them both and I looked down and my pubes were just showing because my
top was scrunched up over my tummy and my breasts were showing, my nipples and
everything.  I didn't really see any of the film.  At one point, allison leant
into the corner and put her legs over mine and onto her moms, and she giggled
almost all the way through that part of the film.  Once, They had me get drinks,
and they each slapped my bottom, just the same way, thought I didn't care that
they may not have actually seen my bottom.  When I put their
drinks down, I do remember, I leant forwards almost over them.  I just remember
that.  After I'd sat down after getting the drinks, allison sat with her legs
tucked up under her and sort of leaned into me, and josephine told me to get
comfy, so I tried to do the same, but there wasn't enough room to hitch my legs
up, and allison just grabbed my left leg (the one nearest her) and pulled it
over her lap and I could see my pussy open so I put my other leg over hers, and
she rested one arm across my tummy and her other hand hand on my thigh, and Miss
josephine put her arm around me, so my head was on her shoulder and her arm was
across chest, and for the rest of the firm, I leant into Miss josephine, with my
legs across allison's lap, and she stroked my thighs up and down while she
watched the film.  Not up to my pussy, and I couldn't see it over her arm, but I
was sure that my pubes were uncovered because of the way her arm was across my
tummy.  I kept concentrating on the film to stop myself from cumming.  I was all
sweaty and so hot. And knew I was wet.

When it finished, it was about half past 10 I guess, and we all just sat there
like that till the tape stopped. Then, Miss josephine nearly did it, she brushed
her hand over my breast as she took her arm away. I so wanted to cum then. 
Feeling her hand on my breast like that.  allison got up and went into the
bathroom and Miss josephine pulled me up and hugged me and groped by bottom, 
and she said, "Maybe allison is having to release some tension you've caused, I
know I do", and I couldn't say anything.   She let me go and went after
allison, she'd been in the loo for a little while.  I heard her call, "You all
right darling?".  When Miss josephine came back in, she said I should go back
downstairs when allison came out, but that when allison was in bed she would be
down.

allison came out, and she did look flustered, really.  I know I must have.  She
came over to me and hugged me, then pulled her mom to us and the three of us
hugged.  Then Miss josephine asked me if I enjoyed the film and I said I had,
and she said we'll have to do that again, it was nice".  And she kissed allison
then me, and said its time for bed, and allison moaned.  But after a while,
I got my clothes and went downstairs, and came just from putting my finger on my
clitty, I came and came, then waited for Miss josephine, oh I'd taken my top
off, and I just thought and thought of what had happened, then when she came
down she just sat, pulled me to her, and kissed me, then pulled her dress up and
her panties down, and I loved her pussy, and as she came I came, without even
touching myself, just from being there and doing that to her, for her.  Mistress
it was wonderful.  Just wonderful.


I have to go, Ann is calling for me. will try to write more later

angel xxx

Jan 24, 2003

Absolutely beautiful, angel.  Just beautiful.

I do think that you should remember my instructions to sit with your legs spread
when in their presence.  I also think that you should give yourself the
opportunity to cum while in their presence.  Since you are always so close to
cumming when with them, it can almost happen accidentally.  You need to make
yourself available at all times to Miss allison so that she will be enticed into
touching  your in more special places.
She also needs to know that it is really o.k. to do. That she went this far with
her mother there tells me alot about how healthy their relationship is.  There
does stand a good chance that something permanent will result.  But the same
chance exists with Hannah.  And I do think that everyone should be amicable to
sharing you since their tastes and preferences are so different.  Hannah is alot
harder core.  She gives you that down and dirty edge of humiliation that you so
desperately crave.  And experience has shown, my dear,
that you will cum when with her.  Miss Jo and allison are much more tender and
tentative with you due to their inexperience.  That serves to provide you with
necessary frustration, angel.  When giving motivational seminars, I tell people
that "Frustration Equals Success"  I actually have that come up on my
cell phone when I turn it on.  With Jo and allison, I see you becoming their
permanent submissive, lesbian, maid servant.  And I personally would prefer to
outfit you as much for them to show them that you know your place.  Consider the
following outfit when in their presence.  Nude, with thigh high black or white
stockings wearing black high heels.  Black or white fingerless gloves up to your
elbows.  A black or white bow tie around your neck, and a little back or white
lace maid's headpiece.  Compliment this outfit with a
silver clip on each nipple and your butt plug inserted.  This is really how your
Mistress wishes you presented to Jo and allison at all times.  Please inform
Miss Jo that these are my wishes.  And inform her that I am doing this so as to
present you to her in such a fashion  that shows off not only you, but your
status in their household.  Call it my gift to her. 
As a result of this status, I would also like for you to offer to assist both
Miss Jo and Miss allison with their toilet functions.  You may bathe them, dry
them, shave their legs, spread their lotions on them, as well as wiping them
when they need to use the loo.  When not needed in the loo and you are waiting
for them to complete whatever they are doing there, you will wait nude on your
knees watching them in a corner.  This is how a personal maid servant acts,
isn't it?
I also would like for you to help them with a candlelight dinner.  I need for
you to be on top of their table on your hands and knees nude.  Your cheeks
need to be close on the table surface and your pretty rear up as high as you
can.  The long candle needs to be in your ass, angel.  They can light it and you
can hold it there without your hands.  I think that it will quite a romantic
setting, don't you?  You might think about them inviting Jackie and you inviting
Hannah but you can feel free to do it for Jo and allison and then again for the
group.  After all, YOU are the focus of all their attentions, aren't you?  You
are now the center of things for several women, angel.
You are performing and you are respected and loved for your devotion, beauty,
and obedience.  You have, in fact, arrived.  And it only took you and I a couple
of weeks to do it.  Just as I promised you.
I only wish that I was more in your world, my dearest, most loving, slave.

Mistress

Jan 24, 2003

(cc'ed from Hannah to Angel)

Pussy

that's your pet name from me. i know your an angel and its fine that sasha calls
you that, but that is her name for you, but i have been thinking of you and the
name pussy came into my mind and i new it was your name.  pussy, cos a pussy cat
is something you take care of and cuddle, as well as the more obvious reason for
calling you pussy.
i read what you'd said in your private chats with sasha yesterday, she sent me
the file of the whole chat. I also saw what you told her while i wasn't there

Do you remember that you said:
hannah: Mistress, I am in heaven
Sasha: I would imagine you are
hannah: She is so wonderful
Sasha: and how did she taste?
hannah: and she Kissed me
hannah: she is so delicious and sweet Miss

It was beautiful that you said that. I hope you meant it because i meant it when
I told Sasha
hannah: this is hannah
hannah: its lovely
hannah: im in love 
hannah: she's just sooooo lovely

hannah: special
hannah: im in love with her body and what it does
hannah: bugger phone
hannah: brb
Sasha: and what about her as a person??????
hannah: back, delivery in 10 mins
hannah: i love her as a person too

I also told her and i want u to know that i will share you with josephine,
allison and jackie (but i don't know who the hell jackie is) but i do want you
my pussy. And i want to see my friends faces when i first kiss you in front of
them, and your friends when u kiss me. I hardly slept last night thinking about
you as my slave, my pee drinking pussy pleasuring bottom spanked darling pussy.
Earlier this week i thought you were ignoring me and i got upset and i
threatened to out you to everyone. I now know that you were just busy and i am
ever so sorry for saying that. 
Pussy, you are simply amazing and completely amazing. i love what you are, i
love who you are, i love you.

I decided about 6 o'clock this morning to tell you that, but its taken till now
for me to actually do it. I want you for my slave lover whenever you are free.
you have to decide if you want to be.  I'll wait for your mail in reply. don't
phone. pls. do it by mail. i don't want you to hear me cry ...except in ecstasy
when u kiss my cunt. lol (was getting too heavy)

your Miss Hannah


you'll see i sent this to Sasha too, i thought she should see this too. i know
you and she got no secrets and she asked me to include her in on any mails i
send u.

wish i'd spanked you even just the once yesterday.  still, next time???????

Jan 24, 2003

hannah,

It would appear, dearest young hannah, that you have made some momentous
decisions about yourself and the direction of your life.  Maybe it was what has
been happening to you over the past week, maybe it was what happened yesterday,
maybe it was having to curl up next to a man last night and listen to him snore
and smell him sweat after such a beautiful afternoon with
angel.  Maybe a little of all three. In your letter to angel you tell her that
you can't wait for your friends to see you kiss her in public. Is this true? 
Are you ready to "come out"?
And what plans do you have for angel this weekend?
She has been having alot of fun playing the maid servant to both Miss Jo and
Miss Amy.  As I told you before, they are not as free spirited as you but I
think you will all get along since you have that one important thing in common,
angel.
I love the way you express your feelings, dear hannah. I can't wait to see what
angel will say.  Remember that your love shown for her is also love shown to me. 
I accept you as a very promising submissive apprentice.  Submissive to only me,
that is.  I think that I have proven to you that I have earned your devotion and
that I have changed your life in a very
short time. And, between you and I, should you express a desire to direct your
dominant talents towards men, I would be happy to train you privately in that
respect.  They are alot easier to control.  Just give them a sniff and they will
promise to do anything to get another.  Lol!
I eagerly wait developments.  Did you get to check on piercings for angel?

Mistress

Jan 24, 2003

Angel,

Please c.c. me copies of your correspondence with Miss Hannah.

I read her letter to you.  Aren't you proud of what you have done to her?  I
know that I am beaming with  pride over you.  Remember that she is young and
might not have sorted out her feelings for you thoroughly.  Wanting to kiss you
in front of all her friends is a huge step for her.  That means coming out, so
to speak.
You, being the intelligent, older, level headed one in the relationship must use
your best judgment as to what is best for you, her, and your relationship.  She
must be made to understand the dynamics of everything that
is going on in your life.  With Me, with Jo and allison, etc.  Hannah is a very
lovely girl but might have a tendency to be very possessive of you depending on
how YOU control the situation.  She must know that sharing and attending to your
relationship with Jo and allison is of equal importance to you now, by my
direction.  She is more than welcome to meet them, and get to know them, and
make herself welcome in the group.  But at this time she must understand that
you and her can't be exclusive until you know more about what is happening on
the whole.

I love you and trust you with all our loves and lives.

Sasha

Jan 24, 2003

Sasha

i want to dominate our little lovely slave and only her, unless she wishes me to
share me with another sub and i don't imagine that will ever be a man, and if
she wants i will be a lesbian and give up men, but perhaps all this doesn't
matter because she may have chosen not to reply to me. I don't know her home
phone or her mobile or her addy so i cant pick her up tomorrow or meet Miss Jo
and Miss Amy .. oh sasha, i so want her, i want to strip her of all her hair, i
want to tie her to my bed and fuck my cunt on her face, then kiss her pretty
pussy till she screams in delight. i want her face at my cunt.

I want to watch her as she serves miss jo and miss allison, i want to give my
permission to her to serve others.  I want them to see her kissing my pussy and
drinking me. i want her to come back to me and tell me all that happened when
she sees them. you have to let me know if she tells you anything

Miss Hannah


Jan 26, 2003

Angel,

Hannah was quite distressed because she did not have your numbers or any way to
contact you.  Please rectify this if you haven't already.  Can't wait to
hear about your weekend.........

Mistress


Jan 27, 2003


Mistress

I didn't see your or Miss Hannah's mails on Friday afternoon.  Ann came round
and told me to switch off and she took me out for a drink as a celebration for
the presentations earlier in the week. I was meaning to get back online, but I
couldn't.  This morning I've been to another office for a meeting too.

I have phoned Miss Hannah now though, and she was lovely and I thanked her so
much for her mail, I told her it was beautiful. She told me that she was cross
with me for not having got back to her, but she also said she was disappointed. 
I told her that I would love to serve her, whenever I could and however she
wished me to, and she told me that I will.  She asked me if I could talk, and I
could, and she asked me if I was with her right now, what would I do, at first I
said anything you wish Miss, and she pressed me, and I
told her I told her I would strip for her and kneel before her and beg her to
forgive me for not having got back to her sooner.  She said I was a very good
girl.  I told her that she wouldn't have to kiss me in front of her friends, but
she said she wants me to kiss her in front of them, just her girl friends.  Then
she said that in front of strangers and my friends she is going to have me
orgasm for everyone to see.  She asked me if I had cum for Miss josephine and
her daughter at the weekend, and I said yes Miss, and she said, "Good girl, I
want to see you cum for them one day".  I said Yes Miss, and she was
interrupted, then said "Do you think you deserve to be spanked?"
and I said Yes please Miss.  Then she had to go.  We are going to talk more
later, she had a delivery come in.

My weekend was nice Mistress.  It wasn't quite what I'd expected.  On Friday I
went up to Miss josephine's and they were both there.  Before going up I had
wondered if I should dress for them, but then MIss josephine hadn't left me a
note so I didn't, I went up in my blouse and skirt - I did take my shoes off.  I
was quite late, because Ann had kept talking in the pub, and they wondered if I
wasn't coming, but I explained.  They both hugged me, and then Miss allison said
"You haven't changed", and I said sorry Miss, and Miss josephine told me to take
off my skirt and get comfortable.  My blouse covered my pubes and Miss allison
came over to me and hugged me again, but that time was the first time
her hands roamed over me, just over my back, but it was lovely.  Miss josephine
ordered pizza's and when they were delivered we sat and ate them, and in between
she and Miss allison would occasionally just touch my legs and stroke me, and at
one point, Miss josephine fingered my pussy while Miss allison was in the
toilet.  I came Mistress, just in seconds.  Later, I washed up, and Miss allison
came behind me and hugged me with her hands on my tummy, and down low on my
tummy, then up almost to my breasts.  In the lounge, I put a film on for
them, 4 Wedding and a Funeral, and I must have shown my bottom, because Miss
josephine said "there's that bottom again, come here", and I stood before her
and she lifted my blouse and slapped my bottom, and they both giggled.  During
the film, I sat between them, and both had their hands on my legs, and I could
just see my pubes but neither touched them then, but later, Miss josephine
turned me to face away from her and she pulled me into her and she put her arm
over my shoulder and her hand was just below my breast, and Miss allison pulled
my legs onto hers, and Miss josephine's arm had pulled my shirt up and Miss
allison stroked my tummy then that first time she stroked my pubes with
her hand, I shuddered.  She was just putting her fingers through my pubes as if
combing them, and I was so thrilled, my whole body tingled and I couldn't move,
and then Miss josephine was holding my breast and Miss allison had stroked until
my blouse was high on my tummy.  Every now and then she would look at me, at my
face, and she would smile and I smiled back at her.  Her hand was just below her
mom's, then Miss josephine started to undo my buttons until Miss allison pulled
my top open and I was as good as naked for them, my blouse just hooked under my
arms, and Miss allison put her hand on my breast and just looked at my breast. 
Over the next half hour or whatever she was playing with my
pubes and fingering my nipple and breast and I came as quietly as I could, but
just being there like that for them was too much an I couldn't stop myself. 
Miss josephine stroking my face and occasionally my breast, and Miss allison's
hands just sort of investigating me.  It was lovely, just so wonderful Miss,
feeling their hands on me like that.  

Later, Miss josephine told me to get us all a drink, and as I stood up, she took
my blouse off altogether, and I went naked to get the drinks.  One thing
Mistress, when I got back, I had Miss allison and Miss josephine's drinks and I
knelt down in front of Miss allison to put her drink on the floor at the side of
the sofa, and she leant forward and just took both of my breasts in her hands,
and fondled them as I knelt naked in front of her.  She stopped just before I
came again, I don't think she knew, she just did.

Miss josephine told me to sit down again, and she positioned me so that I was
facing her this time, and she pulled one of my legs onto her lap and I was
leaning against Miss allison,  and she put her arms around me and she just
stroked me.  With one leg on her and the other off, my pussy was completely
exposed to Miss josephine, and initially she just stroked my thigh and my pubes
and tummy.  Miss allison leant forward sometimes and ran her hand over my pubes
too, but then,  Miss josephine put the palm of her hand over my pubes and put
her thumb over my clit and in seconds I came again, but she carried on, just
rubbing her thumb over my clit, and I don't think allison knew.  It just looked
as though her hand was resting on my pubes.  But I shuddered as I came, I know I
did.
When i was in the kitchen later with Miss josephine, she fingered my pussy and
she ran her hand between the cheeks of my bottom.  Anyway Mistress, I have to go
shortly, but the whole evening went like that, with them just touching me, and
it was wonderful, and when I went downstairs later, Miss josephine told me that
she would come down and collect me for breakfast in the morning.  She did, and
she had me suck her, and lick her pussy until she had cum twice Miss, and there
was just as much cum both times.  She just sat back with
her bottom just on the edge of my chair, and I knelt between her legs, lifted
her nightdress and kissed her pussy for her.  She was very pleased with me
Mistress, she told me so, then she told me to put on something just to come
upstairs.  When we got in, allison almost ran over to me and hugged me and
kissed my cheeks, then she stood back and ran her hands over my breasts, then
she just calmly took my t-shirt off me and threw it in a chair, and then fondled
me again.  And that was how it was for the rest of the day, until about 2:00.
They just touched me and hugged me as they wished, and once Miss josephine had
me sit on her lap, my legs apart around her, and she touched my breasts, then
when MIss allison went to get changed, she kissed and sucked my breasts until I
came for her.  She sucked them so hard, deep into her mouth.  It was heaven, and
I collapsed against her, and I was like that when Miss allison came back.  Miss
allison went skating, and Miss josephine spent the whole time in her bed, and I
massaged all over her body and sometimes we just lay together, and I kissed and
touched her pussy till she came again.  Once, I had four fingers at the pussy
she was so wet.  When I wanted to go for a wee, she said that she  should take a
shower and she followed me in, so she as there, watching while I peed, she was
just standing at the shower door waiting for the water and
she watched me pee.  She pulled me into the shower with her, and I washed her. 
It was lovely, soaping her, and I hadn't seen your mail then Miss.  She just let
me wash all of her, and she even bent a little (as much as she could) when I was
washing her bottom, and she let me clean her properly there.

allison and claire came back about 4:00, and I'd put my t-shirt on again and
Miss josephine was dressed, and we all just sat about for about 2 hours.  When I
went to get drinks or anything, one or the other of them followed me and fondled
me, with claire just next door.  My t-shirt was long enough though that I don't
think claire would have seen anything, except when I got up from the sofa maybe,
but she didn't react at all, so I don't think she saw anything she shouldn't. 
Miss josephine didn't seam worried anyway, she didn't say anything to me.  When
claire had gone, Miss josephine stood just behind me with her arm over my
shoulder, and she cupped my breast, and Miss allison came to us and we all
hugged, and between them they pulled my t-shirt up and then off me as we hugged. 

The night ws just the same, except that Miss allison showed me some of her
clothes in her bedroom, and all the while she was just touching me.  And, when I
went to the loo, I'd just sat down and Miss josephine put her head around the
door and watched me again for a minute then went and she left the door open. 
Miss josephine also had me lay across them on my tummy once, and they
touched my back and my bottom. 

I have to go for a while.  I will write more later.

angel  xxx

Jan 27, 2003

Angel,

It seems you had a wonderful weekend.  And it appears that Jo and allison have
both accepted you and are really beginning to accept themselves and their mutual
interests in you as a sexual being.  Do yourself a favor.  Do not hold back when
they make you cum.  Let them see how excited you are.  Moan for them.  Make them
know that what they are doing to you is so right.  Few people in those
situations can resist going further when you whisper the word "please" 
Especially allison.  You want her fingers in your pussy, don't you,
dear? Please tell Jo and allison what I wrote about you becoming their full
maidservant.  Also inquire of Jo if you might be allowed to service allison in
the same way you do her.  It seems obvious to you both that the interest is
there.  She just does not have the experience to act upon her feelings.  She
needs to be reassured that what she will be doing is both normal, right, and
part of growing up.  allison will probably express herself more with you if
josephine were not there.  There are some things that a mother shouldn't see the
first time until everyone is more comfortable with it.  allison might be
embarrassed.  josephine is embarrassed, sort of, because she only performs overt
sexual acts on you when allison is not present.  Why shouldn't it be the same
for her daughter?  Getting a mother and daughter into a three way lesbian orgy
would be very rare though I see it coming eventually.  They both have to get
comfortable enough with themselves and you in private before doing it all
together.  Jo is getting that way with you in private.  allison deserves the
same chance to fully explore her sexual potential.  And for you, mon cher?  A
third virgin in less than a month.

As good as things are going presently, angel, you are falling behind in some
areas.  I need to know, see or know the status of the following as soon as
possible:

1.  Your Yahoo password so I can read Hannah's mail to you and set up your
briefcase.
2.  You updating your Yahoo profile to reflect your status to me.
3.  How hard you are working on acquiring the photographic gear as you promised
in the beginning.
4.  The status of you acquiring the sexual toys I directed you to.
5.  Giving Hannah all your contact information including address.

I require answers to these issues soonest.

You need to pay special attention to Hannah, angel.
She is frightfully in love with you, you see.  Part of that is being so young
but it is also evidence of the strength of the feelings that you (and I) have
aroused in her.  Not that she is a jealous lover as far as Jo and allison are
concerned.  She has accepted that.  She just pouts a little when you are not
available to show  her attention or you have disappeared to her like this
past weekend.  I think maybe an invitation to spend the night at your place
would be in order.  That way  she could meet Jo and allison as well as spend an
open night with you together.  Hannah realizes that the new feelings she has are
much, much stronger than she has ever felt for a man, angel.  She is finding out
what you and I already know.  But part of the high degree of excitement is that
what she is feeling is totally new to her.  The key for you is not to let that
excitement of hers wear thin.  I don't think it will
because I know that you can provide more love, both mental and physical, than
any man ever could for her.

By the way, angel, as excited as you are right now, how do you manage to keep
your skirt from getting stained sitting in your cubical?  And don't you wish
your rear passage was stretched with a butt plug?

I love you and am very proud of you.  Living your dreams is wonderful, isn't it?

Mistress

Jan 27, 2003

Dearest young hannah,

Angel was very apologetic about not being able to hook up with you this past
weekend.  I am disappointed that she didn't as well.  I know that a weekend with
your boyfriend now looks no different than a black and white re-run on the telly
now that you really have experienced full color.  Lol!
I told angel that you two need to spend an evening alone at her place where you
can meet Miss josephine and Miss allison and also be be to explore each other
properly. She also must get those toys we talked about as soon as possible.
The picture in your profile shows you to be quite a stunning young lady.  I
would dearly love to see more pictures of you.  I don't know why someone such as
yourself with so much natural beauty would try to put on airs to "scare" people,
as you say.  Maybe a defensive mechanism?  You certainly show yourself to have
very deep, loving, attributes when you do let yourself go  and let someone
inside that rough exterior you show to the rest of the world.
I do think that a plastic sheet on a bed, copious amounts of baby oil, and you
and angel naked rolling around in it all will show you the true nature of both
the world and what is beautiful and meaningful in it.  Allow yourself to have a
natural lesbian experience with angel if you desire.  Both as equals, pleasing
each other equally.  But please remember that you must always, except for that
instance, maintain control over angel and keep her in her place as a submissive.
She derives pleasure from pain and pleasure from pleasing and being humiliated. 
I think that sharing her with other women in public would be delicious for the
both of you. maybe even better if you blindfolded her first so that she would
not know whom she was being passed around to.  It is good though that you are
quickly falling in love with her.  This assures me
that you will not allow her to be hurt in any way beyond stripes on her bottom.
And she does need to be shaved or waxed.  That is something that would be proper
to do if yourself, Jo, and allison can all get together.  You, being the bold
one, should suggest it at a tactful moment.  Since angel will most likely be
nude, you ought to suggest that she really should be totally nude.
And please update your profile again, sweetness.  I think that there is alot you
can add in the latest news section.  As well as adding that I have taken you as
my apprentice.  Ah, were you only available to serve me privately.  You do know,
my dear, that to be a good Mistress, you first must be able to be a good sub. 
Imagine yourself on your knees, dear hannah, with your face buried deeply into
my closely trimmed curls .............. personally showing me your gratitude for
opening the most important doors of life for you.  Ones that will never close
and ones, that when passed through, will always make you welcome....

Lovingly,
Mistress Sasha

Jan 27, 2003

Sasha

god u r so horny.  the idea of playing about with pussy on a plastic sheet,
mmmmmmmmm.
we've talked lots on the phone this afternoon, and i am going to pick her up
from her office and take her to her flat. she asked me to go there with her. i
wont have long this eve cos my sister is coming round for tea tonight.
i will tell her tonight that we want her waxed. i wont have time tonight but ill
arrange something for tomorrow night.

she told me she had a lovely time with Miss Joanne and Miss allison at the
weekend and i told her i don't want that to stop.

in fact i want to visit when she's nude for them and she said she would love me
to be there too.  wont be able to keep my hands off her tho....  lovely.

Im thinking about what to put in my profile????????????????????   help
Hannah

Jan 27, 2003

well ......... im out!!!!!

i told my sis tonight, she was cool about it, but i knew she would be. she wants
to meet pussy, i even told her she is a submissive lesbian and all she said was
that she was happy for me.

i met miss josephine and she is lovely and she watched when pussy licked me out
and she even had her hand on my leg after!!!!!!  so we are friends already i
guess.

pussy went up to their flat when i left.

well, i think i need a drink. check out the new profile. im not very good at
that sort of thing.

Hannah

Jan 27, 2003

(cc'ed from Hannah to angel)

My darling pussy

Did you enjoy kissing my cunt for Miss Jo to see? it made you wet didn't it? I
know I LOVED to have you there for her to see you . your lovely face at my cunt.
her hands on you. mmmmmmmmmmmmmm

Next time maybe you should lick my bottom for her to see????

Hope you were a good little slave for Miss Jo and Miss allison and had a
delicious time. don't forget, if Miss Jo tells me of ANY misdemeanors you get a
real spanking, your cunt too.  talking of cunts, We will use Miss Jo s waxing
strips, maybe tomorrow. it will hurt but i will just have to sit on your face to
keep you occupied eh?

I did tell my sis, and she wants to meet you. she's happy for me. so  am i. very
happy.

kisses

Miss Hannah

Jan 27, 2003

Angel,

I can't wait to hear what happened between Hannah, yourself, and Jo.  Waiting on
pins and needles.
Serious question now between only Me and you.  If Hannah comes totally out of
the closet, tells her boyfriend, and needs to move quickly, can you suggest
a place for her to stay?   I think she is afraid of him.  The more people she
tells, the better chance there is of finding out. Besides, I know she acts
differently around him now also.
Your thoughts, Stephanie?

As a friend,

Sasha


Jan 28, 2003

Mistress

I don't have long to write now, but 2 important things from your mails, well 3
actually.
Mistress, I am in debt, from my move to UK, my holiday between Xxxxxx and here,
fitting out my flat, the deposit on it (?4.000), and so there is no way at the
moment that I can afford to buy a camera.  My credit card is  up to ?2,800 too. 
Mistress, after I get paid this month I will see what I can do.

Second, my password is xxxxxxx.  Miss Hannah hasn't written to me much.  There
were some just quick notes which I may have deleted.

and finally,  Mistress, I would so love if Miss Hannah would move into my flat
if she wanted to, or if she needed to.  She wouldn't have to share my bed
Mistress, my sofa is a pull-out, but I do hope she would want me to share it
with her.  But she can have the bed and if she has 'friends' over I would
disappear.  Should I talk to her about this Mistress?  She hasn't told me.
Mistress, even if it were just for a few weeks I would beg her with all that I
am to move into my flat, as a Mistress, lover, or just a friend.

I only have a few more minutes, last night, with Miss Jo and Miss Hannah was
just so wonderful, they like one another, and Miss Hannah let me kiss her pussy
while Miss Jo was watching, and she fondled me while I made Miss Hannah cum
Mistress, and I came too.

They both spanked me before we all left, I went with Miss Jo, naked upstairs to
Miss allison.  She was lovely to me too, and she even pinched my nipples a few
times Mistress, and I did cum to her hands on them

Have to go.

angel

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Jan 28, 2003

Mistress

Have you heard from Miss Hannah, about her moving?  She must know that she can
move in with me but she hasn't mentioned it to me, perhaps I could just invite
her to stay with me, to keep better control of me perhaps.  I don't want her to
think that I am offering charity at all, or anything like that.

Mistress, as a friend (as you said) may I ask you to instruct me to beg her to
move in with me, for her to see that it is your wish.  You can, of course tell
her that I do want her there, to serve her whenever she wishes, and I will serve
her sexually, and as a pain slut, and her toilet, and I will do her laundry and
ironing and everything.

Anyway Mistress, I will leave that with you for now, but if you think I should
talk to her then I will, of course.

Last night, Miss Hannah collected me from the front of the office, and she drove
just down to my flat, and when she stopped she just said "Kiss me", and I leant
across her and kissed her on the lips, for the longest time. 

When we got inside, she just started undressing me, before we had even left the
hallway, and she hugged and kissed me, and pinched my bottom, then she told me
to give her a tour.  When we got to the bedroom, she sat on the bed, and she
fingered me, in my pussy and my bottom, actually, she told me that I am pussy
and my cunt is a cunt and I should call it that, so she fingered my bottom and
my cunt and I came for her, and she hugged me to her and kissed my breasts. 
Then she stood up, and told me to take off her jeans, so I knelt before her and
undid her jeans and Id just pulled them off her feet when I heard the door.  She
asked me who it was, and I said it could only be Miss
josephine or Miss allison, so she told me to let them in.  It was Miss
josephine, and I let her in, and she hugged me as I was telling her that Miss
Hannah was here, and she let go of me then she saw Miss Hannah, she was standing
in the doorway to my bedroom and she looked lovely, she still had her top on and
just her panties, and she said "You must be Miss josephine, I'm Miss Hannah, we
share Stephie" and Miss josephine walked over to her and held out her hand, but
Miss Hannah just hugged her instead and Miss josephine told her she was
normally known as just Jo".  They sat on the sofa and just chatted about me, and
Miss Hannah said I was the most gorgeous thing she'd ever met, and she was
stroking me, I was just standing by her.  She was saying that she'd never met
anyone so submissive and things like that, then she told me to kneel, and she
fondled my breasts as they talked, then she told me to go to Miss Jo, and I did
and knelt in front of her and she touched me all over.  It was then that Miss
Hannah and Miss Jo agreed that I like pussies so I should be called pussy, but
that my own is a cunt, and I should refer to it as such.  Then they talked about
them shaving my cunt, like a little girl.

Miss Hannah said that she had to get back, and Miss Jo said that Miss allison
would love to meet me, but Miss Hannah said "Id hoped that pussy could satisfy
me before I had to go", and Miss Jo said, "of course she should".  Miss Hannah
stood up, and Miss Jo said she would go, but Miss Hannah said that she could
stay, as it wont take long, and Miss Jo sat down again and Miss Hannah told me
to go into the bedroom, then I heard Miss Hannah invite Miss Jo to watch and
they both came in, and Miss Hannah lay on the bed and pulled off her panties,
and she said "Your Mistresses are waiting pussy" so I climbed on the bed and on
all fours I kissed her pussy and licked her, then at some point Miss Jo sat on
the bed at the side of us and she was
fondling me and Miss Hannah's leg, and Miss Hannah came, and as she came she
called me her darling cunt licker and lots of things like that, and she pulled
my hair, and she told me to suck and she really orgasmed completely, and so did
I, just listening to her, and feeling Miss Jo's hands on me.
Miss Hannah pulled me up on top of her and we kissed, and Miss Jo was just
fondling my bottom and between my legs all the time.

Mistress it was heaven.  Just heaven.  And then Miss Hannah sat up and said she
was shattered, and that she had to go.  I picked up her panties and slipped them
on her and then went and got her jeans and put them on
her.  We all went out together, and Miss Jo and I went upstairs while Miss
Hannah went down, but she kissed me really passionately first. 

Upstairs, Miss allison was there and was shocked to see me naked, and I hadn't
even thought about it (but the downstairs door has an entry pass system so only
those who live in the block could get in, but I did wonder about me going back
down).

Anyway, Miss Jo told Miss allison about us having chatted with my girlfriend
downstairs, and Miss allison got all pouty that her mom hadn't come up for her. 
She was pinching my nipples while she talked to her mom about it being unfair,
and Miss josephine agreed that the next time Miss Hannah comes to see me, I must
ask her nicely to come up and meet Miss allison.  I promised I
would.

I have to go again Mistress.  I will write again soon.

Angel  xxxxxxxxx

Jan 28, 2003

Angel,

Thanks for writing.  Believe me, dear, I do understand about debt.  Being in it
myself, that is.  I am not sure about Hannah and how serious she was about maybe
having to move.  You have just really gotten under her skin and have made her
re-examine her life.  Since that she has told her sister that she is seeing you
and that is o.k., I asked her when she was going to tell the boyfriend.  She
said that she might have to hold off on telling him until she had someplace to
live and had found a good doctor.  This, of course, disturbs me, but I have to
realize that Hannah is young and so is her boyfriend.  Young in she knows he
will consider all this a horrible threat to his
pitiful manhood and also young in that, being headstrong, there is no halfway
for Hannah.  She gives the impression that there is no gray area for area
between straight and lesbian.  I guess it is o.k. to make those determinations
easily when you are young.
I am not sure if you should broach the subject with her.  Maybe you should let
her know that you would love it if she were to stay over with you more often so
that you two could be together more and also she could better integrate herself
into the little group you seem to be so successfully forming around yourself.  I
will let her know also that there is a safe haven for her if her current
position becomes uncomfortable.
But, if this happens, angel, there MUST be rules.  Yes, you are the submissive. 
Yes, you will defer on matters sexual and be available to service Hannah, but
also Jo, and of course allison.  And who knows?  Maybe
your group will grow w from there.  I hope it does.  But Hannah must realize
that she MUST defer to you on just about everything else.  She has to pull her
own weight.  While you are a maidservant and slave (and not only to her), that
does not give her license to live like a pig.  She must be as neat as you are,
live decently and quietly, and be respectful of everyone and everything around
her.  And, of course, she must chip in with all expenses.  All matters involving
the control of the household are your decisions to make.
The funny thing is that Hannah may think, being a budding Domme, that you are
her pet.  In fact, dear, the reverse would be true.  She would be your sexual
pet.  A dominant pet, to be sure, but someone who must defer to you to all
things important.  Like I told you before and I hope you are starting to
believe, it is the sub who chooses her Domme.  The Domme lasts only as long as
it is the sub's pleasure.  Never forget that, my dearest angel.  You are the
controlling factor in everything.  Everything with Hannah, with Jo,
and with allison.  You (with my assistance) are molding THEM into what YOU want
them to be.  So, knowing that, how do you feel?
I don't know what your feelings are but I would also like to see her act and
look more feminine as well.  But that is your preference for sure.  You and
I,though, being of the same age, know that someone has a better chance of being
accepted and more marketable in their career if they don't look "scary", right? 
I am just thinking ahead making sure that she is going to
grow personally in this sort of relationship.  Being in love with you and
feeling responsible for you, I would never wish her to move in with you for only
sexual reasons.  I would think that some molding of her person is necessary for
this to work in the long term.  It is a golden opportunity for her to get the
benefit of you not only sexually, but also of your life experience and high
intelligence.   Let's see how it all goes but I seriously want you to digest
what I have just written.

Lovingly,

Mistress

Jan 28, 2003

dearest,

It would seem that everyone had a most wonderful time last night, except Miss
allison.  Though it would seem that she is going to witness you pleasuring
Hannah
soon enough.  That probably makes Jo more comfortable because it is very rare
that a mother would let her daughter witness her pussy being licked.  You also
might want to continue to let Jo know how beautiful and normal it is that her
pussy squirts.  I am thinking deep down that Jo might think that it is somewhat
abnormal that her does that and might be nervous about it happening in front of
others. When it comes to offering yourself up as a pain slut, my angel, be very
careful.  First off, careful in that you don't scare your Misses away.  They are
all either new to this or young.  None of them have the experience in giving
pain like that and might hurt you seriously if they tried.  Gaining experience
at giving pain used to be as easy as being a dedicated medieval Spanish Priest
(lol!) but it is something that they probably wouldn't go for.  And as far as
offering to do all the chores, you must remember, before committing to that,
that, as they say, Monkey See, Monkey Do.  If Jo and allison see you doing
everything for Hannah and they are all sharing you, then they, likewise, will
want you to do the same for them.  Being their toilet slave and hand washing all
their underclothes, like I said
before, is fine to start.  Stay the course, dearest.
Don't offer too much at first.  Let them become conformable with what you are
capable of and let everyone grow into their respective positions.  You have
many, many years in which to enjoy your life, dear one.
And I will talk with Hannah about everything we have talked about.  I will make
it look like it was my idea first (which it might have been) and that you are
very pleased with the thought of it.  You should mention these matters to Jo as
well.  Please make sure that she would be o.k. with it as well.  Some might say
that it is none of her business but since you will all
be sharing you at relatively close quarters she must also be o.k. with it.  I
think she might but, as I said in my last letter, since there would be rules for
Hannah, I think there is a very good chance that everyone will get along
famously and grow from each other.
I understand about the camera unless one can be borrowed.  Until then, please
acquire those disposable cameras or a regular one and film your growth.  Hannah
will see to getting the pictures developed.  The pics can then be either scanned
into a computer for me or they can be developed right onto a disk and emailed to
me.  I do need to see you, dear, and will not waiver
on this with you.
Let's see how everything goes, angel.  (And personally, I do prefer the name
Angel for you over Pussy.  I never have gotten used to using the word "cunt" for
a woman's genitalia.  That is such a degrading male word that I don't think it
has much place coming out of another woman's mouth.  Pussy is so much better
because it connotates something warm, soft, and cuddly.  Cunt has that
regressive "k" sound and is so harsh. If everything works out I would love it if
everyone there called you Angel.  I would love to see that tattooed on your
pubic line.  That is what you are, Stephanie.  An Angel.  Not a pussy.  Look
what you are bringing into the lives of Hannah, Jo, and allison.  Peace,
happiness, joy, and contentment.  Not that I read the bible often these days but
isn't that what Angels are supposed to bring people? I do think that I named you
well.  And I also think that, since that name is so apt, that others should use
it freely.  You have to believe in what you are, dear. Others already do.  You
have changed their lives just like seeing a real Angel flapping away overhead
would change their lives. Believe it, your Mistress does.)

Lovingly,

Mistress Sasha

Jan 28, 2003

My dearest young hannah,

I have taken your possible plight to heart.  And I understand how afraid you
might be about telling your boyfriend about your new, shall we say,
"discoveries".  Don't let the fucker touch you, dear.  How you wish to handle
the matter is up to you.  But there is no way I am going to let you accept
physical abuse from him just because his feelings are hurt.  What you are
experiencing, my dear, is life and growing up.  And when someone grows up,
things in life change.  And you and I both know that you will learn many more
valuable things about life hanging out with Angel, Jo, and allison, than you
ever will hanging out with what's his penis.
If things become uncomfortable for you, dear, Angel is willing to have you stay
with her.  I think you will enjoy the company of not only her, but also Jo and
allison.  And your staying there does have the option of being permanent should
everyone get along.  Of course, hannah, if this sort of thing should go for the
long term, there will have to be some boundaries set.

You, hannah, must realize that, even though you are a budding Domme with some
good potential, that you are moving into a situation with an older woman and
developing a relationship wit  not only her but also another older woman,
josephine.  While angel would be a shared sexual slave, maidservant, and toilet
slave you must learn, dear, that you are submissive to her and
must therefore defer to her, in a way, in so many other matters concerning life,
employment, and managing a household.  A smart girl like yourself will
probably consider this a golden opportunity to learn, grow, and expand herself
to touch upon all the beauty that is life.  But also, having been young once
myself, I also realize that youth is sometimes headstrong and tends to feel that
they know everything.  So the life that awaits you with Angel is a party of
sorts, but a much more mature party, quieter but with so many other benefits
that so many girls your age never get to experience because they are all wrapped
up in defiance, loud music, drinking,
and throwing up behind dumpsters at four in the morning.  Can you, hannah,
handle the trade offs, and see the wisdom in what I am imparting you?  When it
comes to absorbing wisdom, hannah, I can only tell you this.  If I knew at your
age what I know now, I would be a millionaire many times over.  If I only had a
mentor to guide me.  Think about what I just said.
All of this is rather deep, my dear.  I am trying to get you to think of
possible future paths for yourself that might include Angel, as well as Jo and
allison in them.  And who knows?  You little group might grow even further.

Suffice it to say, you have a safe haven waiting for you.  What you make of that
haven is up to you because you are the youngest and therefore the most flexible.
Golly, I feel old.

Sasha

Jan 28, 2003

Sasha
well, i've met young allison. she's only 3 years younger than me but she seems
alot younger. she is a sweety tho.
her mum was fondling my leg when allison was playing with stephie earlier , i
think she's got the wrong idea about me maybe. but i didn't mind, it saved me
rubbing my pussy anyway lol, btw, i still had my jeans on this time!!! just in
case you wondered.
allison was very curious about stephie and me, wanting to know if we were really
girlfriends and then lovers. and you know what, i got horny just telling her we
were! apparently jackie, Miss Jo's friend wants to meet stephie and Miss Jo
thinks its a good idea for us both to meet her at the same time. but i told her
i wasn't there to crowd out a scene, but she was really keen.
cant wait to hear what the slut did with them tonight, and i wish she was laying
in bed with me to tell me.  i told my best friend penny tonight in chat.  guess
what she said, i've got the chat open still
pennygpl says: awesome
tigerbut says: its true
pennygpl says: what? sex 2
tigerbut says: ohhh yehhhhh
pennygpl says: u gotta let me watch :)

Miss jo says we make a really pretty couple! nice eh? btw, we didn't shave
stephie, just didn't think of it. too busy with other things lol. i was good tho
an we all had a share of stephie. its a gas having her naked there for us.  3 of
us!  she is lovely

thanks for the advice sasha, and i was deferential to Miss Jo yesterday and
tonight. i like her alot and i wont do anything to hurt her or allison. i loved
what you said in your mail about stephie becoming= a shared sexual slave,
maidservant, and toilet slave, but apparently she doesn't do any of the toilet
stuff with them?? i didn't mention it though.

well, i have to go. now penny knows and my sis, and both of them are ok, and
they promised not to tell anyone till i say so.  ill come out if stephie
voluntarily tells me that she loves me. don't push her sasha, this has to be
inside of her not an order. i just know that if she would let me, i will love
her and use her to make both of us happy forever.  and that includes Miss Jo and
allison. i honestly love sharing her with them like this.


Jan 29, 2003

Dear hannah,

I am glad you had a wonderful time.  From what I can tell, allison does really
have an interest in what women can do to each other.  I do think, though, that
she is shy about initiating something.  And I also fully understand that Jo is
probably reluctant to let her daughter see angel licking her pussy.  You might
be of great help to her as someone who is comfortable with having angel eat you
with her watching.  This is how she is going to ask to have it done to herself. 
These things are tough to do with your mother there.  Imagine that happening
with your mother there.  I know that I can't.  So I really respect their
relationship as to how far they have come already.

I am amazed that, as much as I have written about you and angel living together,
that you didn't mention it.  Between you and I (ONLY) angel would absolutely
love to have you under her roof.  She is ready and willing to be your maid
servant and toilet slave when and if you do.  I do think and have suggested that
she be the same for Jo and allison and she is totally agreeable to
this also but you must agree that Jo and allison need to be brought along a
little more slowly and conservatively so as not to shock them too much.  You
have to realize, dear, That last month Jo and allison most definitely did not
have a naked girl sitting between them with her legs spread being lovingly
stroked by them both.  I do have to say that I have done rather well and am
rather proud of myself for being able to bring all this together.  Jo and
allison just need time.  And please let them explore and play with you as well.
They are learning.  So are you, to be sure.  Learning together can be so much
fun.  Feel free to touch them back.  Especially allison. But do let angel be the
first to lick her.  She deserves that pleasure.  And because they don't have the
internet I can't counsel them the way I do you.  I can definitely use you as a
conduit for that though.
AND, dear young lady, if you desire proof of how much angel wishes you to move
in with her, if she hadn't expressed to me such strong desires for you to do so,
I wouldn't have written you so strongly about rules and deference and all that
in case you did move.  There's your proof, my young protegee.  All of the
teaching that I am giving you makes me feel like Yoda sometimes.
And do tell me how sex has been with the boyfriend since you've been with angel.  
Have you taken to count the hairs on his back yet?  Or wonder how you possibly
could have been turned on by a hairy ass before?  Or why he doesn't clean you
with his tongue after you have cum the way angel does?  Not that I don't enjoy a
cock now and then.  it's just that I prefer them after the man has been tied
down.  That way I can sit on his face until I am satisfied and I can ride him
until I am satisfied.  And, of course,
afterwards I can sit back on his face until I am sufficiently clean.  That's
when I'll empty my bladder on them as well.  Right before I head out their door. 
Men are there for our pleasure, hannah. Not the reverse.  We have what they
want.  They need to pay the proper price to have a chance at getting it.  It's
rare that you will ever feel the outpouring of emotion you have for angel for a
man.  Because men can't combine sexuality, care, and loving the way a woman can.
Continue your journey, my dear.  Revel in life!  And keep me posted on
everything that occurs.
Your Mistress


Jan 30, 2003


Mistress

Im sorry I haven't been able to write to you recently, things have been so very
busy at work, and I have been working very closely with Ann on the next year
Budgets so I haven't been able to get into Yahoo. 

Today she is out so I have chance.

I had four mails from you Mistress since I last write, and thank you for them
all, and as for the last one,

Yes Mistress, everything is fine with me, just about perfect in fact.  Miss Jo
continually plays with my pussy now, even when there is a risk that Miss allison
might see, and they both love Miss Hannah as I do (well, not quite as I do
perhaps, lol), but I hope you know what I mean.  Last night they had claire
round with allison, and Miss Jo dressed me in the tie string top,and a belt on. 
I also had the string panties on from Miss Jo's teddie outfit she lent me.  Miss
Jo thought I should not be quite so indiscreet with claire
there, but because of the belt, I was constantly showing my bottom when my top
scrunched up under the belt, and more than once when I was with he three of
them, and with claire and Miss allison alone, my breast came out of the top.  It
was wonderful Mistress.  When she went, Miss allison stripped me and had me sit
on her lap while she played with my breasts and telling me that claire likes me,
and that she bet that she would have liked to see me like this.

Miss Hannah is wonderful Mistress.  I have invited her to stay over at my flat
Mistress, and Miss Jo was  there and she was really excited about it.  Miss
Hannah is going to see if she can fix something for Friday night.  Oh, And she
has told one of her friends about me and that I am her lover.  I almost cried
Mistress when she told me, I hugged her so much she pinched my bottom and told
me I was lovely.
I'm naked all of the time when I am with any of them now Mistress, its a rule
that Miss Jo and Miss Hannah (and Miss allison) set for me.  Miss Hannah has
bought me home each night, and I have to undress in my flat for her, and she
allows me to kiss her pussy and touch her and stroke her until she cums, then ,
well last night anyway, she kissed me back, but stopped before I came, and she
laid me across her lap, face up, and she played with my cunt and my nipples,
pulling at them and twisting them, and slapping all over my cunt until I came
for her, and she hugged me and kissed me so much, and I thanked her and thanked
her.  Anyway Mistress, once we have had a few minutes together, Miss Hannah
takes me upstairs to Miss Jo and Miss allison, and they let Miss allison play
with me first.  She has become more adventurous, and she often squeezes my
bottom, and runs her fingers between the cheeks of my bottom, and well, almost
everywhere.
Mistress, its all so wonderful.  When Miss Hannah had to go last night (and on
Tuesday) She kissed me full on the lips for them both to see, a real smooch, and
then she puts her fingers in my cunt and just sort of holds on to me like that
while she tells me to be good for my Misses.  I promised that I would be.
On Tuesday, she took me to the toilet with her in their flat, and she used me as
a toilet.  She was wonderful Mistress and let me remove her jeans and
panties, then she stood over me and told me to get ready, and she pulled my face
into her beautiful pussy and she held my head to her pussy so tight and I drank
her, then kissed and licked her clean till she came for me.  Neither of them
asked about it at the time, but last night, when Miss Jo took me downstairs at
bedtime, she asked me if I watched Miss

Hannah when she was peeing, and I told her that she used me as her toilet, (Miss
Hannah has told me to  tell Miss Jo anything she asks about), and Miss Jo got
excited and pushed my hand onto her cunt and I played with her and she asked me
about it and she came to my fingers listening to me.  She didn't ask me to serve
her though Mistress, or I would have, of course.
I should just check my other mail.  I will write more
later Mistress.

I've missed you.

angel   xxx   (and I know I will always be angel to you Mistress.  They both
have just started to call me Stephie again actually).

Jan 30, 2003

Angel,

It does seem as though everything is going as wonderfully as could be.  What a
nice group you have created.  I am pleased that Hannah used you as a
toilet slave.  You should take the initiative and offer yourself to Jo in the
same capacity.  Or at least offer to let her watch you serve hannah in that way. 
You should also be bathing them all and assisting them with any of their
personal needs in that way. And please don't hold back on letting Hannah know
about your feelings about her.  You might be surprised at the response.  But, as
your mother taught you, only by being honest and open will you be assured of
good things happening to you. The next time allison runs her hands into the
cheeks of your bottom, please shift yourself so that they run
fully into your pussy.  You may also guide her hand by the wrist down into your
pussy.  Whisper to her that you want her to feel how happy she is making you. 
It is quite all right for you to take the proverbial bull by the horns in this
way, my dear.  She needs your encouragement also.  After all, you are a mature
woman who has the right to show approval in what she is doing and also a desire
that she do even more.

I am so happy about how wonderfully everything is turning out for you.  If you
were only able to provide me with pictures of yourself as well as your little
group, it would be totally perfect.

Mistress

Jan 30, 2003

Mistress

Miss Hannah has invited me over to the warehouse for lunch.  If you are there
maybe we could chat???????????

angel  xx

Jan 30, 2003

All depends on what time, Angel.  I have a conference I must attend in 2 hours. 
I would love to be there though with you two.  My messenger will be up. I wish
you could chat and that Hannah left hers on during the day.

Mistress

Jan 30, 2003

Sasha: Angel!
BUZZ!
angel: Mistress
Sasha: My love
angel: xxx
Sasha: and dearest young Hannah
angel: Miss Hannah is just seeing to someone Mistress
Sasha: How are you today, my young apprentice?
Sasha: then I have you to myself, my darling
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: I am so very happy for you
angel: I am so very happy Mistress
Sasha: and feel so honored that i have been able to help you make it happen
angel: yes Mistress
angel: me too
Sasha: and I can't wait for you to be bald again
angel: They were going to do it on Tuesday Mistress
Sasha: don't worry, my dear.  They will
Sasha: And i hope allison will be there watching
Sasha: Everyone needs to see you made hairless for them
angel: but I wonder if they don't want to because of Miss allison
Sasha: No.  I think that they were just overtaken by events on Tuesday and just
didn't get around to it
angel: I see
Sasha: and I do think that everyone had good fun notwithstanding, right?
angel: Oh yes Mistress
angel: I hope they did
Sasha: I thought so, my dear.
Sasha: what are you wearing now?
angel: I am dressed Mistress
Sasha: and what are you dressed in?
angel: I've just come from my office
angel: I have a blue blouse and a skirt and shoes Mistress
Sasha: Hannah still busy?
angel: Yes Mistress, she is on the telephone now Mistress
Sasha: time to give her a surprise
angel: yes Mistress?
Sasha: reach into her desk.  grab all of her pens or pencils
angel: there is a pen pot here Mistress, right by the monitor
Sasha: lots of them there./
Sasha: ?
angel: three fat felt markers and two pens Mistress
Sasha: see how many you can fit in your pussy ow
Sasha: and put the pens in your bottom
Sasha: can hannah see what you are doing?
angel: she can Mistress
Sasha: do it now for her.  But pull your dress up above your waist for her first
Sasha: and then fuck yourself with the bunch of markers
angel: Sasha my delicious 1
angel: hannah here
Sasha: Is that young hannah?
angel: yes with a self fucking slut too
Sasha: hello, my precious
Sasha: if I were there, I would have my tongue down your throat
angel: mmmmm nice
Sasha: an Angel's tongue up my ass.
angel: nicer
Sasha: Is angel giving you a show?
angel: i've just given her my hand to fuck herself with
Sasha: should we see ho much of your hand she can take/
Sasha: /
angel: she is
angel: ooooooo wet 1
Sasha: but the question is, my dear, can she take all of your hand up to your
wrist
angel: kiss time
angel: ?????????
Sasha: think I can get angel to take your whole hand into her?
angel: u can try
Sasha: what do you think my chances are of succeeding?
angel: u already know don't u?
angel: lo
Sasha: Actually I do not
angel: ?
Sasha: I am only making, shall we say, a prediction.
angel: she is tryin already i think
Sasha: and of course, Angel will be a little sore afterwards
Sasha: can she read the screen?
angel: she's cummin
angel: no
Sasha: only for the first time.
Sasha: Let her see the screen
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
Sasha: .
angel: k
Sasha: Angel?
angel: Mistress
angel: sorry Mistress
Sasha: You are going to do something special for Hannah.  You are gong to show
her how much you care for her.  Are you ready to serve her and I?
angel: yes Mistress, of course, anything
Sasha: I am glad you said that.  Are you sitting?
angel: no Mistress, i am standing
Sasha: then sit down in hannah's chair.  Butt towards the edge of the seat
Sasha: and spread your legs wide.  Be indiscreet
angel: I am Mistress
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: Can hannah read this also?
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: good.
Sasha: Angel, would you like hannah to fuck you?
angel: She is sitting beside me Mistress
angel: Yes Please Mistress
Sasha: Hannah, get down between Angel's legs and leave yourself in a position to
read the screen.  Angel can type
angel: k
Sasha: all in position?
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: Are you wet, Angel?
angel: Miss Hannah has just kissed my cunt Mistress
Sasha: Soaked?
angel: oh Yes Mistress
Sasha: Good for her.
Sasha: Good you will need to be soaked
angel: Miss Hannah says I am beautifully wet Mistress
Sasha: Hannah, take your hand and pull your thumb into the palm.  Press your
fingers into each other as tightly as you can
Sasha: make your hand as small and as narrow as possible
angel: She has Mistress
Sasha: Now, hannah, gently push you hand into angel.
Sasha: angel, Relax yourself totally.
Sasha: Absorb her hand
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: Hannah, keep pushing gently.  And at the same time, gently twist your
hand a little to open up angel more.
Sasha: Angel, relax, it might hurt you a little
Sasha: Hannah, flick angel's clit as you insert your other hand.
Sasha: Keep her excitement level at it's highest
Sasha: and hannah, keep pushing.  The hardest point will be when the widest part
of your hand reaches the opening of her vagina
Sasha: keep your thumb tucked as tightly as possible.
Sasha: how far along is she, angel?
angel: on hand and 4 fingers
Sasha: keep talking angel.
angel: mistress
angel: oooooooo
Sasha: I need you to tell me how you are feeling
angel: i cat
Sasha: keep pushing, hannah
angel: cant
Sasha: your hand will slip in all at once.
angel: oooo
angel: mis
Sasha: Angel, relax all the way.  it will hurt a little, or a lot, but it will
go it.
Sasha: all the way
Sasha: as gently as possible, hannah
angel: mis is in me mistress
Sasha: her whole hand?
angel: oh my
angel: ys mistress]
Sasha: when it is in, hannah, go to the wrist
angel: cumming
Sasha: you'll cum alot.
angel: xxxxxxxxxxxx
Sasha: But don't stop, hannah
Sasha: Now, hannah
Sasha: Start to fuck angel with your arm.
angel: mmmmmmmmmm
Sasha: but don't take your hand out
Sasha: past that wide spot
Sasha: she cant stand continued insertion past the wide spot.,
Sasha: This is call fist fucking, hannah.
angel: wtg
angel: hot n horny
Sasha: keep fucking her, hannah
Sasha: Fuck her until she is limp from cumming.
angel: she i so hot..........................
Sasha: she will be sore afterwards so make it worth her while.
Sasha: now while you are fucking her, lick her clit
Sasha: flutter your tongue on it directly
Sasha: and buzz your lips on it also.
Sasha: your hand inside angel will hold her still
Sasha: does it hurt, angel?
Sasha: are you arming to having her hand all the way in your, dear?
Sasha: warming?
Sasha: are you two o.k.?
angel: she is the mot wonderful person ever
Sasha: Yes she is.
angel: god i love her
Sasha: Is she still inside you?.
angel: this is h, lololol
Sasha: guess not!
Sasha: How did she handle it?
angel: i've cum out of her
angel: omg she is wonderful
Sasha: not too much pain?
angel: she thanked me
angel: she's crying a bit but she kissed me
Sasha: very few people ever experience that.  From either end.
Sasha: Angel, are you o.k.?
angel: hang on
angel: i am very happy Mistress
Sasha: crying because you are happy and not hurt?  Be honest!
angel: happy Mistress
angel: and hurt but so very happy
Sasha: all right.  How does your pussy feel after having been filed fuller than
ever before?
angel: empty mistress
angel: and stretched
Sasha: how sore is it?
angel: im sorry about my typing Mistress
Sasha: it;'s o.k.  No bleeding?
angel: around the bottom is sore mistress
angel: no mistress
Sasha: All right.  As long as you are safe.
angel: i am still shaking
Sasha: You should be.
Sasha: Fist fucking gives very hard orgasms.
Sasha: You pussy contracts but has no where in which to contract to.
angel: its like my head is floating
Sasha: Would you like to do something for me now, angel?
angel: yes mistress
angel: please
Sasha: Hannah, are you reading?
angel: y, now
Sasha: Angel, take Hannah's face into your pretty little hands.
Sasha: Kiss her lightly
angel: with my greatest pleasure
angel: yes Mistress
Sasha: An tell Hannah, from the bottom of your heart and with total honesty, how
you feel about her and what you honestly want from  her.
Sasha: and then kiss her again,  Harder though
Sasha: Ahem!  Ladies!
angel: Mistress, Miss Hannah has gone to get some toilet roll to blow her nose.
angel: she was crying Mistress
Sasha: Does she have a sniffle?
Sasha: it is the cold and flu season.  
Sasha: are you o.k., angel?
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: how do you feel?
angel: I told her I love her, with all my heart, head and body, and that I want
to serve her
angel: I am crying too Mistress
angel: I am so happy
angel: She loves me
Sasha: That is quite all right, Stephanie.  I fully understand.
angel: oh Mistress
angel: I know this is silly, but
Sasha: Happy you told her?
angel: Yes Mistress
angel: she cried Mistress
Sasha: and the but was........?
angel: I cant help it, I do love her
Sasha: I know you do.
angel: I love you too Mistress
Sasha: and she needed to know.
angel: so much.
angel: and she loves me too Mistress
Sasha: and I know that also.  I think she does also but she has never said it.
angel: She said so
Sasha: yes, but never in the context in which you and I have chatted, mon cher
angel: she will Mistress, I know she will.
Sasha: Has she returned from the loo?
angel: i do sasha
angel: there 
angel: of course i love u
angel: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
angel: and i love angel here
Sasha: Hello, hannah.  How are you feeling inside?
angel: butterflies
angel: the size of jumbo jets
Sasha: Angel has a habit of being honest.
angel: good
Sasha: so now you know how she feels
angel: i do
Sasha: and do you accept it?
angel: yes
Sasha: Does that mean Angel had to run off to the W.C. this time?
angel: she's cleaning up
Sasha: Ahhhhh.
angel: she has to go
Sasha: Do the revelations of today make you miss to change some things, Hannah?
Sasha: wish to change I meant
Sasha: Hello?
angel: sorry, she was just going
Sasha: So angel is gone?
angel: I am just off Mistress, I have to go to a meeting
angel: Thank You Mistress xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Sasha: Don't you think, Angel, that if two people love each other they should
spend a lot more time with each other?
angel: Yes Mistress
Sasha: And that maybe they should sleep with each other?
angel: I have just begged Hannah to move in with me
angel: Miss Hannah
Sasha: And Hannah, what do you say?
angel: but now I have to go Mistress
Sasha: you go,m angel.
Sasha: I will chat with Hannah
angel: i said yes of course!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: I am so very happy for you both!
Sasha: so when should these living arrangements commence, girls?
angel: i have to think
Sasha: I know, dear
Sasha: It is a huge adjustment

Jan 30, 2003

Mistress

Thank you.  Thank you - one of those is from me and the other from Miss Hannah,
she phoned and left a message to say that she had clicked you offline
accidentally and couldn't get back in and she is very sorry.

She also told me to tell you that she does love you, actually, what she said
was, "How couldn't I love her, she's delicious".

Mistress, I am so happy.  Miss Hannah is going to pick me up from work tonight
so that we can talk. 

Oh you are so wonderful, not only for having built her to fuck me so completely
and wonderfully, but that you had me tell her how I feel, and she feels the same
about me.  She was so wonderful, she just cried and said "Oh and I love you my
darling little Stephie". 


I have some things to complete before I go, so I should close now.  But I have
to say Thank you, my Mistress.

your angel  xxx

Jan 30, 2003

My dearest Angel,

You are most welcome.  And, of course, so is Hannah.  The words that needed to
be said were, and the tears that needed to be shed were as well.  I just helped
you two realize what you both so desperately wanted to say.
I always knew that the greatest gifts I could bestow upon you were the dominance
you craved and the love of and from Hannah that you so richly deserved in your
life.  To Hannah I wish to give the knowledge to make
your lives as best as they can be.  And also to turn her enough into me in many
ways so that you will know that I am always with you.

I can't wait to hear what you two glowing young ladies talked about after work. 
Hannah has the most to think about because so much has happened to her in the
past couple of weeks that is totally earth shattering.  Not only her feelings
for you but also her feelings for herself as a woman in love with another woman. 
And here we are wanting you two to live together.  I know
it is fast but it probably would be the best.  But you really must assume some
control here to make sure about everything I have written you in previous
letters.  She is young and things might work better with a trial period.  Of
course, as infatuated as you are with each other, love might just find a way to
make this work.  I certainly hope it does.

I love you both so much.  But you know my heart always rests where it first
started to beat.  With you...........

Your Mistress, your Love, your best friend,

Sasha

Jan 30, 2003

Dearest hannah,

Isn't it funny that when life gets to be the best ever, it also gets to be the
most complicated as well?  You must be sitting on top of the world right now. 
Looking at angel sitting at your feet as well as what is below you.  All these
new thoughts and feelings are whirling around in your head like a storm, I'll
bet.
I never asked you, hannah, if you have ever been in love before with anyone.  If
you have been, did it feel like this?  Isn't it neat to finally realize that you
can feel your heart beating in your chest?
I know everything has happened so fast over the past few weeks. I think it has
only been two or so after all.  I'll bet if I had approached you at a new Years
Eve party and told you that by the end of only a month you would be totally in
love with an older woman and not only that, but also a submissive woman who begs
you to live with her and let her take care of your every physical and sexual
need.  You would have thought me to be absolutely daft.  People often say that
life is but a tangled web.  That might be true. I personally pre fer to untangle
webs for people and to re-weave them together.  And of course, I wove myself in
this web with you and Stephie.
And to be honest, my dear, teaching you more and more about life and how things
happen is changing you a little (or a lot) into me in many ways, at least as far
as sexual mindsets go.  I think you might have already realized this.  But it is
a good way for me to be there with you both in spirit.

I love you both so very much, my dear.  And I am so very happy for you both. 
Just to let you know, tears came to my eyes also this morning.  For all three of
us............  You are to be welcomed into the family.  You, Me, Jo, allison,
and of course, the person whom everything revolves around, Stephanie. 

I congratulate you both on finding love.

Your Mistress and confidant,

Sasha

Jan 30, 2003

Mistress

yes, you are the mistress around here, i know that and i know that i owe you so
much

i haven't even thought that angel is older than me, and lately i haven't even
thought that she is female, its just that she is who and what she is that's
important, and we've decided not to tell Miss Jo or allison just yet. i want
some way to show her that i want a big family of this, with you, me, angel (of
course) and Miss Jo and allison. I want us all to share and all of us to get to
be a family, that's what i told stephie and she kissed me cos that's what she
says she wants too, but she also said that she will serve me maybe in more ways
than them, and she always wants to return to me after she has done what i wish,
what  we(you and me) wish.

im going to stay with her tomorrow night and i want to tell Miss Jo and allison
that i might be moving in, but we both want them to know that it changes
nothing, that she is there's to love and use too, that we can share her, and she
said i can have my friends around anytime and she will stay in the bedroom if i
want. but i wont want that, not ever.

i don't know how to tell barry. i think i might just say im moving out, we
aren't in love, it was convenient that's all, but i cant tell him i've left him
for a female. and what do i say to my mom and dad??? angel wondered if we need
to tell work too!!! wtg. we both said that you are part of us so don't think we
don't want you to carry on writing and chatting Mistress, and of course you
carry on writing to her anytime you want. i know i can learn from u, id heard of
fisting and never knew what it meant. now i do. and it was beautiful to see her
face with my whole hand inside of her like that. i want to learn how to please
her every way i can, like she pleases me with what she does and allows us to do.

im not sleeping with barry lately, not this week anyway, but that's not that
rare. he knows i hate him snoring and he never says anything less he's horny. i
gotta tell u something tho. angel hasn't seen my tits, cos i hate them, and
tomorrow she will see them, and im scared. they are like im one of those silly
tarts who have 3 kids by the time they are 25. i hope she isn't turned off by
them, but i've never wanted anyone to touch and kiss them like i do her.  now im
the one whose horny. she's going to phone me when she has finished with Miss Jo,
i told her she has to say goodnight to me.

kisses and licks Mistress

Miss Hannah

Jan 30, 2003

Dear hannah,

I'll try to answer your issues as best and honestly as i can.  It is simpler to
just do it in a list format.
So here goes.

1.  Don't worry about your breasts.  That's childish. You are officially a woman
now as of today.  Woman pay attention to what is inside rather than outside.  I
will tell you what i tell everybody, including Stephanie.  You can only achieve
greatness when you first recognize it in yourself.  Write that on a piece of
paper and tack it to your wall.  Believe it and live by it.

2.  As far as telling work goes, I feel that it is none of their business.  As
long as you two aren't french kissing by the tea pot.  You may tell people
whom you trust but neither of you need unwanted attention from people with small
minds.

3.  Your parents.  Hmmmm.  My guess is that they love you.  Because they love
you they will be happy when they see how happy you are.  They might be a while
accepting and understanding but hopefully they will trust you to make the right
decisions based on what is in your heart.  My recommendation would be to tell
them that you are moving in with a female friend and sharing digs with her. 
They can figure out the rest over time and accept it as they grow comfortable
with it.  Besides, after they meet Angel, how can they not like her?

4.  Barry.  I would tell him that you are going to go stay with a girlfriend for
a week for the heck of it.  He shouldn't care if your relationship is the way
you related to me.  After the week, tell him that you decided to stay with her
permanently.

5.  Your dealings with Jo.  Jo and Jo should treat each other as good friends. 
Friend who have similar interest in both Angel's and each other's bodies.  If Jo
fondles you, please feel free to fondle her back.  You two are equals sexually. 
Hopefully allison will be your equal also someday.  Angel wants you to enjoy the
sensations from other just as you wish for her to.  Angel knows very well that,
sexually, her position to all of you is that of a much loved and treasured
servant, slave, and pet.  If she is there watching you
and Jo 69 with each other, she is happy to watch and participate in any way
asked. So ENJOY YOURSELF!  allison and Jo, by the way, will be very happy for
you both also.

Hope this gives you the direction you need, dear.

Now with Angel.  She does need to be waxed very soon.  Her pussy needs to be
bald for us all.  She also needs that piercing we talked about.  And also very
soon.  Ultimately I would like for her to have her nipples pierced as well as
her clitoral hood.  I am also considering a gold ring through each of her
vaginal lips.  This has the advantage of being able to put a lock through them
to close off access to her vagina.  very nice if you are the keyholder.  Think
about these possibilities.

Golly I envy you being so young and in such a great position in life.  I really
hope that when you move in with angel you bring a computer with you so we can
all chat together at night.  You two could get a web cam so i could see you
play........

Mistress

There ends the month of January.  Once again, this is all very real.  That
should be very easy to tell just by reading.  i myself never expected things to
go as well and smoothly as they have.  makes me so very glad I saved all the
letters to share.  this type of relationship would be totally unbelievable
without them.




Angel-Feb

February started out a little slow but everything was o.k.  It is a direct
continuation from January and Angel's new life continues... As always it is
real.  And many thanks to the many of you that have written to thank me for
putting this together.  And yes, I did change the names of the individuals
involved except for Stephanie.

Tuesday Feb 4

Angel,

I must say that I had grown accustomed to receiving your letters.  Five days of
silence has left me feeling a little empty.  Being a woman with deep feelings
like yourself I hope you understand that I am feeling worried, lonely, and
wondering if I am to be cast aside now that all of the stars are in proper
alignment for you.

I hope everything is going well for you.  And you know that I do hope that you
are deliriously happy with everything that has happened and also for what the
future might hold for you.

I know that I can't force you or Hannah to write me.  I can only hope that you
both do to keep me abreast of your lives.  Hopefully your lives together.  I am
very curious as to how your weekend turned out.

Your Mistress waits..................

Thursday Feb 6

angel and Hannah,

Well, it has been a week since you both dropped off the face of the earth.  I
sit and wonder if you both are still alive and I hope that you are both happy. 
I also sincerely hope that your newfound happiness has not made you both feel
that you can just desert me completely.  Please remember that I have strong
feelings as well as a heart.

Sasha

Friday Feb 7


Mistress

I tried to get into my mail yesterday, and again this morning, but it  says my
password is invalid.  I imagined that you had changed it with my profile, or is
there something else?  You see, I checked my profile and saw that it hadn't
changed???

I have created this mail user for now, and actually it's better for me as this
mail the company accepts service as we use it for remote access to our mail when
we are away from the office.

Please let me know if you have decided not to hear from us again???   There is
so much I wanted to tell you.

angel  x

Angel,

I have been patiently waiting to hear from you both.  I did not change your
password.  Tell me what has been happening with you both

Mistress

Saturday Feb 8

Angel,

I have given much thought to your letters.  And I also Verified that, yes, your
password does seem to have changed.  I did not do it.  That would be
counter-productive because that is my way of reaching you. I would ask you this,
my dear.  Did you give anyone else (like Hannah) your password?  My thoughts are
as follows.  I have lost total contact with BOTH of you.  Now if your account
was messed up it still doesn't tell you or I why Hannah has not written me
either.  Nothing should be wrong with her account.  My guess is that you gave
your password to her and she changed it.  Maybe she is jealous and wishes me out
of the way?  Maybe the pupil thinks she is smarter than the Mistress?  I wrote
you a few weeks ago and mentioned fears that, because of her age, Hannah might
be a little jealous and want you all to herself or at least in situations she
can control exclusively. I would imagine that there are some ingrained
jealousies with her and that she might feel threatened by my involvement and,
most importantly, your feelings towards me.

My feelings for you are as strong as ever.  I was very worried about you, my
love.  Do not tell anyone about this new account of yours.  Find out what is
going on.  Assume some control.  After all, I have always told you that you are
the one in control no matter how much it seems otherwise. And I expect a very
long letter from you catching me up on every delicious detail of your life.

Mistress

Monday Feb 10


Mistress

I have not given my mail password to anyone, including Miss Hannah, and  I have
to tell you that she was hoping to have heard from you.  She has talked to Miss
J about you and was looking forward to having seen something for her from you,
she asked me to have you write to her through me because she can't get to a pc,
well, she can, but her password at work doesn't allow her to access the
Internet, and now that she is living with us she doesn't have access to one at
home.

I truly don't think that she has any notions of jealousy Mistress, Truly I
don't. 

Incidentally Mistress, I have been asked by Miss J to only refer to her and Miss
A by their initials in any correspondence.  That's why I did that earlier, just
in case you wondered.

Mistress, everything is just so wonderful, well, almost everything.   When I get
home in the evening I have to report to Miss A and she undresses me, and she
also decides what I am allowed to wear when I go out.   One day last week, she
left me with only two buttons fastened and I was told only to fasten any other
if I absolutely needed to.  I didn't though Mistress.  I only had meetings with
a couple of people from a supplier all day, and I felt excited the whole time. 
In the evening, Miss A has discovered that she likes to make me orgasm, and so
she does, regularly, just on a whim she will start to finger my cunt until I
cum, then she always wipes her fingers over me.   When its time for bed
Mistress, they all go and change ready for bed, and then they bring their
panties for me and I lick them clean before washing them by hand in the bowl.  
Before I wash them, I have to show the owner of the panties that I have cleaned
them enough.  I kneel before them with their panties in my hands, Mistress, it's
so erotic. 

I am naked all of the time I am with them Mistress, and we spend most of the
time in Miss J's flat.  Miss Hannah is usually up with them when  I get back
from work.  I get to sit on Miss Hannah, my legs spread facing her, and she
plays with and pulls at my nipples and sometimes my clit hood while I have to
tell them all who I have fancied during my day and why.  Miss A has copied her
pinching my nipples at times too, and once she pulled at my nipples so hard I
whimpered and she felt guilty and I begged her not to, and I told her that she
should do it if she wanted and I put her hand back on my breast, and she did
carry on and I kept quiet and she just pulled and twisted my nipples so hard
Mistress.

Miss J always comes with me when I go to the toilet and watches me, and
occasionally I am allowed to touch her pussy as I wee and she always cums so
quickly and sprays over me, sitting on the toilet, I cant really concentrate on
weeing but I am so happy.  Miss Hannah uses me fully Mistress, for her toilet. 
She even wakes me in the night and uses me rather than going to the toilet, and
most times I'm allowed to kiss her beautiful pussy too.  Actually, it's not
always Miss J who watches me Mistress, it usually is but Miss Hannah does
sometimes too.  I had told Miss Hannah about Beatrice always watching me when I
went, and they have set it as a rule that someone must watch me.

Oh Mistress, you don't know.  My pussy is bald again Mistress.  They did it one
night last week, with waxing strips.  All over, my cunt and between my bottom
cheeks.  For a day or so it looked pretty awful, but Miss Hannah and Miss J put
cream on me, and now Miss J and Miss A, well, all of them really, think it looks
lovely.  Miss J thinks I look like a young girl Mistress. 

Only Miss Hannah actually makes love with me.  We always go downstairs at
bedtime, and we have made love every night, sometimes quite beautifully, just
the two of us together, but she has also tied my hands behind my back, and just
ridden her pussy on my face and they were beautiful Mistress.  She came twice
both times she has done that Mistress, and one night she left me tied like that
all night.  When Miss A came down she had to undo me under the covers.  They all
have keys to my flat and Miss H has a set of keys for Miss J's too.  We just use
both of the flats like they are 'our' home.  It's lovely Mistress.  Miss J has
taken me down to bed for me to kiss her sometimes Mistress, that's what I meant
about Miss Hannah not being jealous, at least twice she has made the excuse for
Miss J to take me downstairs and she always asks me what happens so she can't be
jealous.

Over this last weekend Miss A has been pestering Miss J and Miss Hannah to let
her have some time with just her and her friend Her friend.   Apparently, Her
friend has shown Miss A her pussy once when they had a sleepover.  Miss J is
worried about others knowing about what we do.  She had a long talk with Miss A
early last week about it, and I'm sure Miss A knows. 

Tonight Miss A is staying away on a school trip and Miss J's friend  Jackie is
coming around to meet Miss Hannah and I.  I have been briefed, and I am to
answer the door to her naked, invite her in the lounge. Miss Hannah and Miss J
will be sitting next to each other on the sofa and I have to kneel on the floor
between them.  When they were plBeatriceing on  Saturday night they had all
sorts of scenarios, including having me beg  Jackie to let me kiss her pussy,
but I'm glad they didn't.   Miss J has told Miss Hannah more about Jackie, and
she is quite a bossy person, but a good person too, she was very kind to Miss J
when her hubby left and she organized her.  Miss J wanted to have some show of
'ownership' over me in case Jackie starts to organize us all, but Miss Hannah
was confidant.

Miss Hannah took me out to a pizza bar on Saturday to get a take away, and she
kissed me in front of people while we were waiting.  I felt so very important,
that she did that.  She has told me that she wants me to meet one of her sisters
this week too.   Apparently she has two, one of whom she loves and the other who
is (as she says...) a bitch.

I have to go now Mistress.  I have just phoned Miss Hannah to say that  I've
heard from you, and she was genuinely happy Mistress, Truly she was.  She said
for me to send you "Kisses and licks" from her Mistress.   Oh, before I go, Miss
A had a Sharp PDA, which allows file transfer, and now that we have made contact
again I will ask Susan in IT (she has always been kind to me) to load the
transfer software.  There won't be a problem as many people use PDA's for their
Outlook diaries and things.  I have the software here.  They are all keen to
write to you, and Miss A has already started something.

Well I have to go Mistress.  I am sorry about the Yahoo password thing.   I just
thought that you might have changed it temporarily to change something.  I
didn't mean to accuse you or anything. You know that don't you?  Anyway, Its
probably better that we use this service.  Lots of users use this for remote
mail, and at some time someone might enquire about me using Yahoo.  Already they
don't allow Messenger on the networked PCs.

I will write again, as and when I can. We are very busy at work, but I will try
and make time Mistress.

Your slave

angel   xxxxxx

Angel,

Suffice it to say that I am very happy for you.  The only thing that I will add
to what did or did not happen last week is that I wrote both you and Hannah and
I resent you what I wrote you both.  Just surprised that I did not hear back
from her at all. Well, dearest Angel, I think we both can agree that you are
living the dream you always wished to.  Have you be allowed to pleasure A yet? 
I hope you get to explore her before she brings Her friend into the scene. 
Because I would imagine that you will be playing with her as well.  I only wish
that you had acquired some of the toys I mentioned a few weeks ago so that they
all have more implements to use on you.  And since they have to watch you in the
bathroom I do think that some enema equipment would also be appropriate for you
to start using.  Being forced to hold a couple of liters of warm, soapy water
inside you for specified periods of time is such sweet torture, especially with
a butt plug to prevent you from releasing it. So glad to hear you are bald again
as you should be.  Did the waxing hurt you, dear?  Maybe you should think about
writing the word "angel" over the bare area now.  H and J are correct in wanting
to prove ownership of you before someone dominant like Jackie inserts herself
into your play.  I would personally recommend the piercing or small tattoos. 
Until that time, someone needs to assume control (preferably J because she knows
Jackie) as inform her as to your ownership status.  In my experience, the more
masculine, dominant, lesbians are more like men in that they might take many
more liberties then is proper with a freely given loan of a sub.  Everything
must be made clear to her beforehand because someone assertive is a very
intimidating factor when exposed to several novices.  I am thinking of your
safety here and all their feelings towards you.  Let's hope you get the word to
J beforehand. Please tell me more, Angel.  Do you still eat J as often?  Are you
her toilet as well?  Or at least her toilet paper?  Do you bathe them, as you
should?  Are you sticking to the masturbation schedule I set forth for you?

Life appears to be so wonderful for you now that Hannah is living with you,
dearest.  I am so very pleased at the events that have taken place in your life.

Mistress

Mistress

Miss Hannah and Miss J have talked about getting a dildo, Miss H wants a strap
on one, and they have also asked me how I would feel having my nipples and cunt
lips clipped.  I told them that I would be pleased to please them if they wished
me to be.  Miss Hannah wants to get some that can be fastened together with a
chain; she saw them on the web last week apparently.  Miss J was talking about
getting a dog collar for me to wear and for me to have a lead, but Miss Hannah
said that they could use on attached to my nipples if we got the chain one.

With regard to Miss A, I am sorry to say that I am not pleasuring her as you
mean.  I am very subservient to her Mistress, more so even than the others. 
When I am with her, I always thank her for touching me, and when she spanks me I
thank her.  I have even kissed her feet in gratitude to her when she has
undressed me.  But she has never undressed in front of me, though when she first
brought me her panties to lick, she did show me, I think inadvertently, that she
hadn't put any on to sleep in.   I have offered to bathe her too Mistress.  She
has watched me shower a few times, and I have offered, but she generally
suggests that her mom "might not be too keen on that".  I don't know what Miss J
has said to her, but I think she has set, or suggested limits.  I would love to
please her any way she wished, you know that Mistress.

When they waxed me Mistress it was agony, all over Mistress, and I cried.  Miss
Hannah asked me if I wanted to use my word, but I begged her to carry on.  My
cunt and bottom really stung for a long time afterwards Mistress, but they were
both kind to me.

Miss J and Miss Hannah really had a long talk about Jackie at the weekend.  They
have briefed me that if I go with her, one of them will come too.  One thing
Jackie wants is to use me to model for a friend of hers when she does some home
lingerie sales and Miss Hannah says she wants to go.  If I go with just Jackie
then Miss J says they both might go, but at least Miss J will.

Mistress, the latter part of mast week I didn't go with Miss J much at all.  She
did play with me but she didn't let me kiss her pussy; thought I asked her if
she wanted me to.  On Saturday morning she told me that her period was almost
over and that soon she would want me to kiss her again, and I offered to kiss
her even though she is on her period if she wants me to.  She smiled and kissed
me (she doesn't often kiss me either generally) but she didn't let me, but on
Sunday she took me downstairs to my bed twice, and she came both times, and she
came for me while I peed once.  I have not offered to be her toilet slave
Mistress, just because it is a particularly 'unusual' pleasure and I am
reluctant to.  I rather hoped that she and Miss Hannah might talk about it, but
obviously they have not, and I don't mind.  I'd be rather full if I drank both
of them Mistress.  In truth though, I would love to serve her that way too.  If
she wished it.  I will get up courage to ask her and hope she is not disgusted
with me.  I don't want that.

Mistress, I had to take a break then because Susan came and loaded the transfer
software onto my PC.  I will attach the note that Miss A had done for you.  It's
the only one on here at the moment from any of them.  I've looked and it's ok. 
It opens in notepad.

Mistress, I bathe Miss Hannah, and I have washed Miss J once, but I haven't Miss
A.  I should love to though.  Miss Hannah and I have shared a shower more than
once Mistress.  She has pushed soapy fingers into my bottom them Mistress, as we
hug. 

Mistress I have to go now.  I will send this now with the attachment.   (I have
not read what she has written, nor will I ever Mistress.  I have promised each
of them).

angel  xxxxxxx

Mistress Sasha Hello, I am Allison and I guess you already know all about me
from our slave girl. I have a French pen pal already, and I suppose this is like
that but I have never ever thought about telling her about the things I am going
to be telling you. The slave girl says you are very kind but strict. I hope you
will think of me as a friend and not a child. I do not want to become a slave
girl. I thought i should tell you that straightaway. I like the feelings I get
when I am in charge of her. I have asked her lots of times what she does with
other people but she doesn't tell me and so I wondered if you would tell me ----
pretty please.  I have told my best friend about that she is a lesbian and that
she and her lover live downstairs from us and she really wants to meet her
again. You might not know that she has already met her once, but she was clothed
then. My mom is being a pain about it all. Maybe you can tell them to let us
play with her. I sort of want to tell you details about her but maybe I should
not. I did write lots before but I scrubbed it. Mom is really cool but you 
Can't really talk about some things can you. HBeatricea tells me some things
they do but it is sort of awkward too cos she is her lover. Anyways ---- its
really cool having her with us and mom hasn't been so happy in a long time and
she lets me do just what I like so that is cool too. HBeatricea is really cool
too. I love to watch them kissing. It makes me wet!!!!!!!!   My dad bought me
this years ago. It would be a real shock if he knew what I am using it for.
Don't worry, I will not tell him. Or anybody. I may be young but I am not
stupid. Allison kiss (She always call me Miss Allison but I always sign myself
Allison kiss)

Angel,

It is good to hear that either H or J will always be with you when you are with
Jackie.  A cardinal rule is to never trust another Domme until you know their
methods, habits, and overall intentions.  H and J must realize that they MUST
maintain control over you at least to show ownership when with other people.  A
leash is a good idea to facilitate this.  However when it comes to leashes I
would recommend running a leash through nipple rings, vaginal rings, or a
clitoral hood ring.  Yes, dear, this means getting pierced.  I know this scares
you but it is for the best.  Using standard alligator clips can be even more
painful and damaging to your nipples and pussy lips especially if they
accidentally get pulled off.  The teeth get dragged over your most sensitive
spots and can break the skin very easily.  Piercing your pussy lips also adds
the advantage that they can be locked shut. As far as a dildo goes, I would
recommend a strap on of a larger size.  This is something you all can use
together on each other.  I would expect that you would use it in H more often
than you might expect.  Her fucking you is a good way to assert her dominance
over you and you fucking her are a good way to let her know that she will never
need another man again. I would sincerely recommend your group setting a time
aside ever few days when you can all sit as women and speak as equals.  You
should never consider yourself so much of a sub that you should repress your
opinions.  You are the linchpin of this whole relationship as well as the most
experienced.  So assert yourself at times to make my ideas and wishes clear as
well as your own.  This is a time for you all to be honest and discuss ideas and
directions where this is taking you all.  You will be permitted to wear clothed
for these get togethers.  And these tea times are very important.  H, A, and J
should all respect your ideas and opinions.  How does it feel being the most
important person in a group relationship, my dearest lover? Thank you for
sending me Allison's letter.  J and H should also use this as a way to write me. 
I just know you are dying to know what young Allison wrote about you.  Well,
maybe you should go wonder in the ladies room while pulling on your clit and
fingering your bare bottom......... Mistress

> Mistress

My dearest Miss Allison,

(You may wish to read this in private or with only angel present.  Consider
reading it to angel afterwards and taking her totally into your confidence and
telling her that is it o.k. for her to tell you what it is she does for your mom
and Hannah)

I am so pleased to enter into a correspondence with you.  Let me say first off I
do NOT consider you to be a child nor only a kid.  When I was your age (longer
ago than I care to admit, Lol) I was very much involved in the magic of
exploration of my sexual desires at an all girl's school. While you might have
been a child before all the excitement started in your life, you are being
exposed to things that will make you a woman all the more rapidly. It's kind of
like being thrown into Advanced Calculus when you were only taking Algebra 1. 
But I would encourage you to consider me your friend, teacher, and confidant for
items that you might feel uncomfortable with discussing with your mother.  I
will say that I am very impressed with your relationship with your mother
because it is very rare that something such as a lesbian slave to be introduced
into everyday life.  You have probably realized several things over the past few
weeks.  I'll guess as to a few of them. First off, you might have found out that
you have all the sexual desires and needs of a mature woman.  Well, surprise! 
You do.  You just haven't had all the exposure granted by time to experience
your likes and dislikes. Secondly, you might not have known that your mother is
a very sexual woman and has all the same desires as you do, maybe stronger ones
because she has done so much more and is older.  While the love that Angel gives
your mother is new to your mom, she has found that she really likes it and wants
all she can get.  I don't know if you are the type of person that looks at Angel
and your mom (and myself for that matter) as being way too old.  But I will tell
you, dear Allison, that we ALL love a tongue between our legs as much as you
(not knowing if you have ever experienced that) Thirdly, you have probably
realized that sex is sort of like going into the world's largest sweets factory
for the first time.  All you can do is stand there and marvel at all the
different types and kinds you never knew existed.  But instead of rushing around
trying to stuff your face with as many different types as is possible and
risking getting sick, I am here as your tour guide to help lead you along.
Seriously now, dearest, what you are being exposed to is something that you must
treat with a high degree of maturity.  Your mates at school probably would be
best off not knowing about all this.  You are quickly being raised to a much
higher level sexually than they might EVER experience.  Sexual growth is so
important but so many people never progress past a man lying on top of them,
grunting for 5 minutes (if they are lucky) and rolling off to go to sleep.  At
your tender age, you are seeing things that so many people only ever fantasize
about.  Having control over and the usage of a sexual slave like Angel is a huge
responsibility.  Never be so prideful that you don't use everything you see as a
learning experience.  Now.  Beside myself, your best teacher in everything like
this is, believe it or not, Stephanie herself.  As you know Angel is the
kindest, most giving and gentle person you will ever meet.  She is the one to
help you see how beautiful two women together can be.  She would never try to do
anything to hurt you.  And she will be totally focused on your pleasure.  As you
become more comfortable and you figure out your needs and desires you will
probably work on returning that pleasure to her. Were I in your position I would
recommend spending as much time with Angel as possible.  Watch what goes on
around you.  You mom will naturally be a little tentative letting you watch her
and angel together but that is understandable.  This is sort of new to her also
and every mom has misgivings about telling her daughter to go have sex with
someone, man or woman.  I would imagine that Hannah would have no problem
letting you watch her and angel together.  Use the watching as a learning
experience.  If you get wet, my dear, (as you should, it's normal) please don't
hesitate to play with yourself.  The ability to do so and have orgasms is the
greatest gift God has given us.  Sex and Orgasms don't care of you are rich or
poor, fat or thin, pretty or ugly.  What a gift! And when watching please feel
to get as close to the action as is possible so you can see everything that is
going on. If you desire to touch angel, please don't hesitate to do so.  Why
don't you try touching and playing with her pussy in the same way you like to
touch and play with your own.  Watch how she reacts to you giving her pleasure.
And also realize that Angel wants nothing more than to give you pleasure as
well.  You should really let her do so.  This will help you to understand how
special she is and how special what a woman can do for you is as well.  Why
don't you let her assist you in giving you a bath?  Let her undress you, bathe
you, shave your legs, wash your back, trim your pubic hair (if you desire), dry
you off and then massage oil into you afterwards.  If you get as excited as I
suspect you will, please consider letting her bring you to orgasm with her
fingers or her mouth if that is what you wish.  This is the most beautiful and
gentle way I can think of you exploring more about your needs and desires. 
Maybe you might want to ask angel to masturbate for you so you can see first
hand how she likes to treat herself.  You know she loves being watched and she
really wants you to experience everything she can give you. I can't wait to hear
back from you.  Please tell me something about your current level of sexual
experience.  What you have done so far and with whom, boys and girls.  It will
let me know how far along you are. Remember, dearest Allison, that what you are
embarking on will change your life FOREVER!  You, at your young age, will be on
a path to enjoy and explore more about sex and this will give you so much more
pleasure for the rest of your life.  You are well on your way to becoming the
person that has tried everything on the menu rather than limiting yourself to
the same choice every time you go out to dinner.  Being able to glimpse at your
age at how wild, large, and wonderful the world of sex is, is something
incredible.  Look at how happy your mother is right now with what she has
learned and is experiencing.  I'll bet you a quid that right now she wishes she
had learned about all these wonderful things when she was your age so that she
could have spent an extra 20 years enjoying them.  That's what is so wonderful
about where you are sitting right now. So ask me anything, tell me everything,
and let me help you along and help you to avoid any pitfalls. Welcome to the
most wonderful sorority of all!

Mistress Sasha

Stephanie,

As one mature woman to another, I have decided that you should have a copy of
most of what I wrote Allison.  You are so very important to her sexual
development that it would be remiss of me to try to hide everything from you. 
As always, you are the controlling factor of her development so it is important
that you know how I am treating her and what path I am leading her down.  The
responsibility you and I have in helping her along is tremendous, as you know. 
If we do something wrong, too quickly, too much, or in the wrong context, we
risk scarring her for life because she has not had enough experiences to inure
her a little.  You and I have taken on task of initiating her into her life and
helping to create a sexual identity for her that will be with her always.  I
know you will guard this responsibility well.  I don't know H well enough to
know if she will be as gentle and understanding as you.  Remember that H and J
are almost as new to this as Allison and are not in positions to teach or to
help with feelings because they probably haven't sorted out their own feelings
totally yet. I love you and trust you, my love, to always do the right and
gentle thing.  Allison is your daughter in many ways.  Be her confidant and
friend.  What you are doing with her is beautiful and guarantees your
immortality because she will always remember your kindness and gentleness long
after our passing and hopefully she will be in a position many years from now to
pass on what you have taught her to other young ladies and help them to fulfill
their lives more completely. I love you and honor you.

Your Sasha

Tuesday Feb 11

Mistress,

Jackie did not come around last night Mistress; apparently she telephoned Miss J
to tell her that something had come up.

I have printed Miss A's note, but she was not at home last night. I will give it
to her this evening.

I have notes from Miss J and Miss Hannah though. They are attached.  I should
have more time later to write to you, but I just have to tell you that last
night.  After they wrote their notes to you, Miss J asked  Miss Hannah if she
would make love to me while she watched, and we did, on the sofa, and on the
floor, and it was wonderful.  Miss J touched both of us as we kissed and made
love to one another, then I went and got drinks for us all.  Miss Hannah had put
her t-shirt back on and she told me to go and get a scarf from Miss A's room. I
got it, and she tied my hands behind my back, and she pulled and pinched at my
nipples, while they drank and talked, then she laid me down on my back, and she
sat on my face, and she moved so that I licked her pussy and her bottom, and she
came for me, and Miss J played with my cunt and I came.  Later, Miss J took me
into her room and I was still tied, and she sat on me too, and came all over my
face, and she let me lick between the cheeks of her bottom.  Mistress, they were
both so very happy.  Miss Hannah was waiting for us in the lounge, and they left
me tied until we went to bed.

I will try to write more later, Mistress, but I had to make sure that you knew
about that.  It was so wonderful.

Angel xx


MISTRESS SASHA STEPHIE TOLD ME WHAT UD SAID BOUT ME BEING JEALOUS BUT IM NOT!
BELIEVE  ME. I HAVE STEPHIE IN MY BED, RATHER HER BED LOL, AND SHE LOVES ME AND 
I LOVE HER AND I LOVE HER TO GO WITH JO AND TO THINK OF THEM MAKING  LOVE
TOGETHER. HONEST I LOVE IT AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE HER WITH ANOTHER  WOMAN,
EVERYTHING AND ME TELLING THEM WHAT TO DO. I'M NOT JEALOUS. ITS NOT MY THING.
PASSION, HORNINESS AND A BIT OF BDSM - YES THEY ARE MY THING, BUT NOT JEALOUSY.
LOL TO TELL THE TRUTH ... SCARY HUH ... WHEN IM RUBBING MYSELF OFF ON HER PRETTY
FACE I THINK OF HER AND ALLISON OR HER AND JO, TRUTH IS I THINK OF HER WITH LOTS
OF GIRLS, LOL. SHE TELLS ME EVERY NIGHT WHO SHE HAS FANCIED EACH DAY YOU KNOW,
AND I GET HER TO CUM TELLING ME ABOUT THEM AND I NEARLY ALWAYS CUM TOO. LITTLE
ALLISON HELPS WITH THAT TOO SOMETIMES, GETTING HER TO CUM NOT ME, LOL, BUT IT
HELPS ME TOO ROFL.  SHE'S GETTING TO BE QUITE A LITTLE PUSSY LOVER FOREVER
FINGERING OUR ANGEL. I TRIED TO GET BARRY TO LET ME TAKE THE PC WHEN I WENT COS
I USE IT  MORE THAN HIM, BUT HE THINKS IM COMIN BACK SOMETIME SO HE WOULDN'T LET
ME  WHICH IS A PAIN. I'VE JUST TOLD HIM IM STAYING WITH FRIENDS FOR A WHILE  AND
I HAVE TOLD MY SIS BUT NOT MY MOM AND DAD. MOST F MY FRIENDS KNOW  NOW. WHEN I
SAY THEY KNOW, ALL THEY KNOW IS IM LIVING WITH STEPHIE, NOT  THAT I HAVE A
PERVERTED BEAUTIFUL SEXY PUSSY LICKING SLAVE AND THAT I  SHARE HER WITH THE
OTHERS LOL. STEPHIE SAYS SHE WILL TRY TO GET A LAPTOP FROM WORK THINGS ARE
REALLY COOL BETWEEN US ALL. I'VE GOT TO REALLY LIKE ALLISON AND JO AND THEY LIKE
ME. JO IS FOREVER FONDLING MY BUM, JUST SLIPPING HER HAND IN MY PANTS SO NOW
SOMETIMES I OFFER IT TO HER WATCHING ALLISON PLAYING WITH STEPHIE. PRETTY SOON
SHE'S GONNA BE INSIDE MY ASS THE WAY SHE'S GOING, NOT THAT ILL STOP HER, ROFL.
GOT TO TELL U THIS. YOU KNOW THE TOILET THING, WELL ITS MEGA. JUST  HAVING HER
ASSUME THE POSITION COS IM READY. SHE WIPES MY ASS JUST ONCE  THEN SHE LICKS IT
CLEAN, MMMM SUCH A HEAD SHATTERING AMAZING POWER IF U  KNOW WHAT I MEAN. OH WOW.
I KNOW SHE TOLD ME SHED TOLD U, BUT SHE DOESN'T KNOW HOW AMAZING IT IS FOR
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND SHE'S SO OBEDIENT. SHE TELLS U ABOUT THE SHOWER. I TOLD
HER TO LOOK AND SHE DID AND SMILED WHEN I PEED ALL OVER HER. SHE IS SO LOVELY.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX. DON'T KNOW IF JO IS USING HER TOO BUT I DID SORT OF TELL HER
YOU'LL LIKE THIS SASHA. ALL HER CLOTHES ARE IN ALLISON'S ROOM SO SHE STRIPS HER
WHEN SHE GETS IN AND DRESSES HER WHEN SHE GOES OUT AND WHEN SHE GOES BETWEEN THE
FLATS SHE IS STARK NAKED. SHE STILL ASKS TO PUT JUST ANYTHING ON BUT THAT JUST
WOULDN'T BE RIGHT EH????  I TOLD JO AND ALLISON THAT WHAT YOU WRITE TO YOUR
ANGEL WILL BE PRIVATE  BETWEEN YOU 2 AND THEY ARE COOL WITH THAT. BUT NOW THEY
ALL WANT THERE'S TO BE PRIVATE TO THEM TOO. BOOHOO.  LOL I ALWAYS LIKED READING
OTHER PEEPS MAIL. LOL

IF I GET TO A PC I WILL WRITE, WE CAN WRITE LATER THIS WEEK WHEN WE GO  SEE MY
SIS. I'M TAKING STEPHIE TO MEET HER ONE DAY THIS WEEK. SHE'S  REALLY COOL ABOUT
IT BUT I KNEW SHE WOULD BE. KISSES AND LICKS HANNAH



Sasha You will be amused I am sure, to learn that I had not believed you to be
real. I thought that you were a design of stephie's.  You will have to excuse my
typing but I am not used to a 6-inch keyboard! And the idea of using capitals,
as one should is preposterous. But I am sure you will understand. I don't
imagine that these notes between us will be very long. ha ha!  Just one thing I
should like to say and that is thank you. It appears that not only is stephie
your gift but that Hannah's presence too is more than in part down to you.  We
love them both, though in quite different ways you understand. Ha-ha I wish
stephie to be discrete in her mentions of "A" but I am sure you understand that.
She has promised that you are the only one who is aware of what happens in our
home and it MUST stay that way please. Finally, I work in a centre, which
includes a swimming pool, and I used to swim daily (a vain attempt to keep some
sort of shape ha-ha) and just yesterday the shop there was clearing out and
selling off and I bought a delightfully brief bikini for stephie to come
swimming with me sometime. You would approve I am sure. I have absolutely no
surprise that it hadn't sold. It really is quite rude. I have seen stephie's
current costume and this is quite a seed change from that. I hope she will wear
it. Well, I have become more accustomed to the keyboard than I thought I could.
Still adaptable then, always a comforting thought!  Ms J

Josephine,

I am so glad to hear from you and to have a way to finally communicate with you.
Let me say first that I am so very happy for everyone involved.  In the several
years I have known angel I have only ever wanted her happiness.  Time and
Patience have gotten her over some obstacles she has had.  First off, being a
true submissive, she was painfully shy and introverted about her needs and
desires.  And also, she had so many doubts that her needs and desires were
somehow wrong and perverted.  I think she is finally convinced that people who
have not experienced the fullness that life offers are not fit to judge someone
who has. Not having spoken with you before, Jo, I don't know your experiences
and desires.  What I tried to get Angel to do was to expose her needs gently to
you in an effort to see where your interests were.  While she was acting on my
commands and suggestions, she deserves a huge hug and kiss for taking some
initiative.  Frankly, she was scared to death of being rejected by you.  But she
and I can see now that you really do enjoy her servitude to you all and the love
she has been showing you so well.  I think it is great that you have the ability
to ejaculate.  That is so rare in a female and gives you the ability to have
orgasms much stronger than the other 98% of us.  Nurture that ability so you can
enjoy it to it's full potential.  There will probably come a time (rather soon)
when you will wish to reciprocate the oral pleasures Angel has been showing you. 
You might wish to lick her, Hannah, or both!  If you have never done so before
and are nervous, just try doing to them what you so love to have done to you. As
to A.  I am elated that your relationship with her is progressive enough that
you feel free to show an interest in another woman in her presence and to embark
on a BDSM type relationship with her full knowledge and participation.  As a
mother, I know you are very nervous about letting your daughter become too
involved sexually with you present.  I understand this fully.  What you do is
your decision but I will highlight the following points.  First off, while you
and I might not know the extent of A's sexual experiences and explorations prior
to this relationship, we both do know, remembering how we were at that age, that
she has a full platter of female desires and the urges to satisfy them.  I would
recommend for you to, if not encourage her desires, then, at least, to give
tacit approval for her to explore them with Stephanie and maybe Hannah. 
Remembering back to when we were younger, I think you will agree that kids will
do what it is they want with or without our approval.  You giving approval for
her to explore her sexuality within the current group relationship actually
gives you the ability to retain control and not have her out on the street
having bad or maybe dangerous experiences.  I mean, wouldn't you rather have her
learning the ropes (so to speak) with people you also love and trust?  Stephanie
is, as you know, one of the most loving, pure, and honest, people we will ever
know.  Isn't the person with whom you trusted yourself to initiate you into the
Joys of female love a person fit to do the same for A?  I will tell you this
honestly, Jo.  What you are doing now is wonderful.  If your bisexuality is
totally new to you, you might have some regrets about not having known someone
like Angel many years ago because you might feel that you have missed out on
many years of pleasure.  Well, A is in that position now when she can realize
how wonderful her potential is.  What she is learning now will bring her so much
more Joy throughout the rest of her life and you will have given that gift of
knowing to her.  Too many mothers feel that they have only to chat with their
daughters about the facts of life and to prepare them for childbirth.  How
medieval and depressing!  Look at the gift you are giving A by allowing her to
experience that there is so much more than just a grunting, sweating husband and
the opportunity to have a child or two.  And you can be sure that the gift you
give A will be passed on to her daughters (and sons maybe) and they will
continue to do the same.  I firmly believe that the ability to fully enjoy our
bodies and sexual potential is a gift from God.  Regretfully, it is often an
underused and misunderstood gift.  Anyone who can help someone realize that gift
is doing a good thing.  Think on all that.  The strength of your relationship
with A will only benefit over your lifetimes by the love and understanding that
you are showing now.  I honor you for that! Now as to where all this is going. 
My suggestion to you is to put Angel into a position where she is the
maidservant for you all.  Currently with Hannah (and you might know this) not
only is angel a slave and lover to her, but she also is an old fashioned maid in
that she helps with Hannah's bathing, washing, drying, shaving, dressing, and
also serves as her toilet and toilet paper.  While the extent of this may seem
excessive, please understand that this is all part of angel's acceptance of her
position as a slave and her acceptance of Hannah's dominance over her.  They
both thoroughly enjoy everything that they do together.  Angel and Hannah both
would love nothing more than for you, and maybe A (when she is ready), to allow
Angel to serve you in the same way.  Understand that Hannah loves seeing Angel
with other women.  There is no jealousy between them at all in this way.  So
feel free to allow yourself to enjoy the decadent pleasures of having a
beautiful, willing full maidservant serving ALL of your needs.  I mean, could
life get any better than that?  You must realize that any Queen does not have
maidservants will to go to the lengths that yours is willing to go to please
you.  So feel free to stand, sit, or lay down in the bathtub or bathroom and let
Angel pamper you.  And don't forget the full hot oil massage afterwards. And
Hannah?  Well, I would suggest that you two dominant ladies just sit back
together and make love.  As equals.  Enjoy yourselves.  Angel can assist, Join
in, sit back and watch, or be in the kitchen pouring champagne and arranging
cheese and crackers for afterwards.  And there is little reason to be modest or
shy around A.  She knows a lot more than you probably give her credit for.  And
I do know that she has a very real thirst for knowing more.  Learning and
watching the women around her will at least let you know where she is getting
her education.  You'll have so much more control than any other mother you know. 
Relax, bite your tongue, and enjoy your life and the relationship I have helped
to create for you all. Angel tells me you have a friend Jackie who is also
interested in her.  I would caution you (and Hannah) as to how you handle this. 
If you relinquish control over angel to someone else who has more experience
they will feel free to take liberties that you might not like or accept. 
Maintain firm control.  Admit to yourselves and recognize tat, in Angel, you,
Hannah, and A, have the proverbial Goose That Laid the Golden Egg and that you
three are novices as to the usage and full potential of that goose. Others will
be very envious of what you have and try to possess it for herself so guard her
very carefully.  Not to say that Angel might desert you.  Not at all.  But when
Angel acts as a submissive she will do as you are told.  If you tell her to go
with someone and do as they say, she will try her best to follow your orders. 
You have to have 100% confidence and trust with whomever you let play with her
so that they will fully accept and respect the boundaries you all set forth
ahead of time.  Having a slave returned to you bruised and crying will break
your hearts.   My suggestion is to, maybe once or twice a week, is for all of
you to sit down to tea, with Stephanie wearing clothes, and to all chat as
equals about your plans, hopes, and fantasies.  It is easy to forget that slaves
and maidservants are also quite intelligent people with full opinions.  In this
case Stephanie is the center of all the activity in your group.  She also has
the most experience in these situations.  So sitting down and chatting about
mutual likes, dislikes, fantasies, and plans would probably be advisable.  Make
sure you are all on the same page and everything is going well in the minds of
all concerned.  This is also going to allow you to crawl inside the head of A
and see what is going on in there if she feels that she can speak freely as a
full equal.  These sorts of chats are what are going to make this arrangement
one that will last a lifetime for you all.  And it is my goal to see that this
does last at least that long! You are a very lucky lady.  I hope you know that,
my dear.  Write me back.  Ask me anything.  The only stupid questions you'll
have are those you don't ask because then you will never know the answer!  So
just consider me your confidant and your guide in all this. I welcome the
opportunity to help you enjoy your new life and role.

Mistress Sasha

My Dearest Apprentice (Hannah),

I was very worried to have lost touch with you both for a week.  I guess I
didn't know your computer situation to know why you have lost touch.  And I
think I also know better than to ask if you have any intentions of ever going
back to Barry (or any other man).  You are now living, my dear, in a dream world
that only happens to one out of maybe a million women or men.  You are living
what ones only reads in fantasy novels.  You could go to a bar and honestly tell
people about your overall relationship and they would all call you a liar! 
That's how good you have got it. Angel mentioned that you all were thinking of
having her wear a leash for you.  That is a good idea to firmly show ownership. 
Attaching a leash to clamps on either her nipples or pussy lips is kind of
dangerous because they can do damage if they get pulled off.  Those clamps have
teeth, you know.  My suggestion would be to all pool your money and get angel a
very nice color.  If you look hard enough you can find one decretive enough for
her to even wear to work.  This is one of those special gifts that Angel will
cherish but must come from you all as a group.  Leashes can also be attached to
nipple or pussy rings.  You can see why I have mentioned piercing several times
and now you can see their many uses.  You can also attach weights to the nipples
rings for angel to wear around the house and you can also put a lock on the
pussy rings to keep her vagina closed.  As a Domme, you must realize that
torture is also being able to prevent angel from accessing her pussy and denying
her pleasure.  You might wish to explore lockable chastity belts for her to wear
sometimes that would prevent her from even touching her sex.  I wanted to ask
you how often you do go down on Angel and lick her.  I hope you are doing it
often.  Do you know if Jo has ever tasted her?  If not, encourage her to do so. 
It's easy to do to someone you love, as you know. Angel mentioned that you were
thinking about acquiring a strap on dildo.  I think that that is perfect. 
Purchase a good one with decent straps that will hold it properly.  Make sure
that it is at least 8 inches long and is plenty thick.  Work on the principle
that, if you all are going to accept any kind of penis inside you, it might as
well be one that is worth the effort and one that you will remember the day
afterwards. You still probably have an urge to be fucked.  Angel or Jo can do
that for you.  You can also fuck Angel and Jo. Jo might enjoy being made love to
in that way.  Be gentle and patient the first few times for try to fuck Angel. 
She is not to all used to cocks, especially in her ass.  If you do train her
bottom properly, I will walk you through getting your whole hand in there also. 
Other items to purchase that will train/torture/pleasure angel to no end are an
enema bag and large butt plug.  Make her take an enema that is large (1 1/2-2
liters), warm, and soapy. Remove the tube, quickly insert the butt plug to
prevent her from expelling it and then let her go about her business serving you
all having to hold all that water inside her for 20-30 minutes.  She will beg
you to the ends of the earth to allow her to release it.  It will also keep her
totally cleaned out inside. A healthy colon is a happy colon!  Lol! Another good
suggestion is to, maybe once or twice a week, is for all of you to sit down to
tea, with Stephanie wearing clothes, and to all chat as equals about your plans,
hopes, and fantasies.  It is easy to forget that slaves and maidservants are
also quite intelligent people with full opinions.  In this case Stephanie is the
center of all the activity in your group.  Realize and respect her for that. 
She also has the most experience in these situations.  So sitting down and
chatting about mutual likes, dislikes, fantasies, and plans would probably be
advisable.  Make sure you are all on the same page and everything is going well
in the minds of all concerned.  This is also going to allow you to crawl inside
the head of A and see what is going on in there if she feels that she can speak
freely as a full equal.  These sorts of chats are what are going to make this
arrangement one that will last a lifetime for you all.  And it is my goal to see
that this does last at least that long! Stay the course, my dear.  Revel in the
Joys I have brought you.  Always keep learning.  And why don't you sit down with
Jo and just make full, passionate love to each other, as equals.  Lick out each
other's pussies and rears.  See if you can learn to make her squirt with your
tongue the way Angel does to her with hers.  Deeply French kiss each other for
long periods of time.  You are young, happy, and in love.  This is the Joy that
all your mates seek to find with the help of drugs, alcohol, and loud music. 
Don't they all now, knowing what you now know, Hannah, seem silly and immature? 
Isn't it nice to have proof that you have grown up?  Do you know what it means
to me to have been able to help you do this painlessly?  You are important and
you are going to make a difference in your life.  That's a fact.

Mistress Sasha


Weds Feb 12

Angel,

I am very interested in knowing what the reaction was from all your Mistresses
to the letters I sent them.  And between you and I, what you thought of what I
wrote to young Allison.  Hopefully you think I handled it in the correct
fashion.

Mistress

Mistress

Last night, Miss J was wonderful, in fact everyone was wonderful, but it was her
who started it all, though I'm sure what you wrote to her played more than a
part.  Miss J has asked me to tell you that she sends her love to you, and she
hopes you are pleased with her.  No one wrote anything in the Sharp last night. 
They read their notes from you on the Sharp and we straightaway sat, and Miss J
was quiet during our meal.  After we had eaten, she called me to her and she
asked me to kiss her, well she told me to kiss her, and I started to kiss her
softly but she put her tongue into my mouth and kissed me fully and hugged me. 
She hugged me for so long and then she told me to go to Miss A. She was just
shocked I think, it was the first time that her mom had kissed me like that,
never mind in front of Miss A.  Her mom came over to us and hugged us both, then
Miss Hannah came over to us, and she kissed me deeply, and Joined in the hug,
then Miss J just said we need to talk, and we all went to the sofa and chairs
and she sat me down beside her, and all the time she talked she fondled me
between my legs.  She was nervous. She said that you had suggested that we all
talk about our expectations and hopes and that we needed to get things into the
open, and she looked at Allison and told her that she knew it was time for her
(Miss J) to be honest, then she said that she wanted to have me share her bed,
just occasionally, and she wants me to be her bath slave, and maybe more. Miss
Hannah reached across and held Miss J's hand for a moment and smiled at her. 
Then everyone was silent for a long time, Miss Hannah was smiling at me, and
Miss J was looking at me, Miss A and she was looking at me, so I just started
talking, I didn't mean to, I started saying that I would love to share Miss J's
bed and if I may I would love to share Miss A's bed if she would wish me to, and
not necessarily for anything sexual, if she doesn't want to, and then I got
embarrassed and I was just babbling, but Miss A said Come here, she sat me on
her lap, kissed my cheek and she just asked the others when she could have me in
her bed.  Miss J suggested that after Miss Hannah and I had gone downstairs then
she and her mom would have a talk, but Miss Hannah agreed that tomorrow night I
should sleep with Allison then on Wednesday I would go with Miss Hannah, then
Thursday with Miss J.  Miss J asked me to get some drinks.  I went and got them,
and when I got back Miss Hannah asked me what I wanted, and I told them there
was nothing I wanted, but she and the others pressed me, and I told them I was
as happy as I have ever been, but Miss Hannah pleaded with me to say what I
wanted, and I told them I just wanted to serve each of them.  Miss J asked me
how, and I said that I wanted to bathe them, to please them sexually, to have
them use me and my body for any pleasures, to clean them after their toilet, to
please their friends as they choose, I just listed everything.  I told them that
I loved being at their beck and call, I want you all to know that you can do
anything with or to me, that you must not think of pleasing me, that I get
pleasure from being who and what I am, and if they choose to please me then that
is a reward and if I fail them in any way then they mustn't fear from punishing
me, and I just went on and on, and I ended up saying that I get aroused from
pain and so if they wish to they must spank me wherever they wish and that
sometimes I should be pained sometimes, to show that I know my place.  And
suddenly I knew I had, or feared I had said too much.  And I stopped and they
were just staring at me, and I feared that I had said too much, so I said I was
sorry and I started to cry, but Miss Hannah came to me, I was still standing
from bringing in the drinks, and she kissed me so softly on my lips, and told me
I was spectacular, then the others stood up and we all ended in a group hug
thing and I was crying and they each kissed me and we all told each other that
we loved each other.  Mistress, even now I am almost crying thinking about it. 
I was sobbing, I was pathetic, but they were all comforting to me, and Miss J
got me a tissue and told me something like "we will all use you my darling" or
something like that, and when I'd blown my nose, Miss A took the tissue off me
and she kissed me. I was so relieved I kissed her back, kissing her and licking
her tongue on mine, and we hugged and she was crying too.  Miss J went and got a
bottle of wine, and we all settled, Miss Hannah and Miss A had sat me on the
sofa between them, and we sat, and just talked for that bottle of wine and
another. At one point, I asked to go to the toilet and Miss J asked who was
going to take me, and the others just said you go, or something like that, and
in the bathroom, Miss J told me that from now on, I pee in the shower, so that
she can see properly, so I crouched down in the shower and peed.  She turned on
the shower and I washed off my feet, then she hugged me, and told me I was a
lovely creature. Miss Hannah asked me if I had splashed myself because I hadn't
thought to dry my legs, but Miss J told her what had happened, and they, all
three of them including Miss A, agreed that I should pee in the shower and Miss
J said that Hannah must send me up in the morning so that she can supervise me
when I pee.  Miss Hannah talked for some time about me getting a strap on dildo,
and she explained to Miss A about it, and they asked me how big I wanted it to
be, and I said that you had said it should be big, but I didn't know how big,
and Miss Hannah said at least 8", and she said it is for my cunt and in time, my
bottom.  Miss J called me to her and she lay me across her lap, next to Miss A
and she said we cant get too much in here, and she fondled my bottom, then Miss
Hannah crouched on the floor in front of her and she put her finger in my cunt,
then over my bottom, then she put her finger into me, in my bottom, with both of
them watching, and I came almost at once.  Just feeling so exposed like that. 
So crude.  So wonderful.  Then she put her finger into my mouth and told me to
clean it. Miss J spanked my bottom a few times, not very hard, and then said
well you two better go because Allison and I need to talk.  Both of them kissed
me fully and passionately on the lips, and Miss J pressed her finger against my
anus as she did.

Downstairs, I undressed Miss Hannah, she and I had had more wine than usual I
think, but she a little more than I, she went to clean her teeth, then she told
me she needed to wee, and she started before I was close enough and she wee'd
over me.  I did get some in my mouth, but there was wee all over my chest and
legs, and on the floor.  She did stop, but then she told me to get in the shower
and kneel down, and she purposefully peed on me, in my hair and everywhere.  She
stopped and asked me if I was a happy slave, and I told her I was, deliriously
so.  She told me to shower off, and she started to clean up the floor, then we
went to bed, cuddled, and we fell asleep.

This morning, we both forgot about my going up to Miss A before I went for a
wee, and when I went up to get dressed she was pretending to be cross, pulling
at my nipples (I'm sure she wasn't really cross), looking very bossy in her
school uniform, but I begged her to forgive me, and she said that I will be
punished tonight when I get home.  Then she kissed me and told me to dress and
get off to work.

Things have suddenly changed, the feelings I had when I went up to Miss  A were
different Mistress. I cant really explain it, but in a way, I know I have
spoiled some of the discovery with my ranting last night, but at the time it
just wouldn't stop.  Mistress, Its all just too wonderful, I've found three
people with whom I can be myself.  Four -you too.  Now it's for them to be
themselves as well. 

Thank you Mistress

angel  x

Angel,

What a beautiful letter you wrote me.  And what a beautiful evening you all had
together.  I guess that I what I wrote each of them was taken to heart. 
Basically I told them to be honest with themselves, you, and each other about
where they were each headed. I also suggested the bi-weekly get togethers where
you can all talk as equals.  I reminded them all that you are the one whom
everything revolves around and that you are the one there with the most
experience. You chastise yourself for maybe telling them too much. But you
unwittingly started the ball rolling on what I told them to do in their letters
and that was to be honest.  Never chastise yourself, my love, for being honest.
They are all the novices and need your input on what pleases you.  You are, by
far, the one with the most complex desires in the group.  Luckily you are the
most important one as well so your needs are the ones most naturally catered to.
You mentioned at the end of your letter that you also fear that some of the Joys
of discovery might be lost with Allison.  Don't worry.  She is a big girl and
knows where she is headed.  Getting everyone to be honest and open brought her
mother to the realization that she can tell Allison about her feelings for you
and that Allison rightfully is able to have the same desires and feelings.  I
can't think of a better gift that a mother could give her daughter than the
gifts of acceptance and understanding.  But the Joys of discovery with Allison
are yet to be had, angel.  When one goes on a Journey it is usually wisest to
have some sort of plan or roadmap to follow for the trip.  And even though one
knows, more or less, where one is headed, the Joys and excitement of what new
things are experienced along the way have yet to be savored, right?  I would
also suggest that not only will you share the beds of your ladies, you will also
enjoy serving Hannah and Allison together as well as Hannah and Jo together. 
Suffice it to say I am on the edge of my seat to hear about your deflowering of
Allison.  I envy you for having three virgins in almost as many weeks. What I
would most dearly love is to have a photo of the four of you together so I can
place faces with everyone involved.

Isn't it amazing that something you already thought was wonderful could get even
better, mon cher?  And how did my pictures go over?  Did you want one for each
bedroom as well as the sitting room?

Your most loving and pleased Mistress



 Josephine,

Angel gave me a full account of what happened last night with all of you.  She
has such a wonderful way of relating these things and reading her is the
highlight of my day.

I have always wanted to enter in conversations with you from the start because
you are of my generation and are involved at a much more complex level.  You
have your own feeling to decipher and well as managing the sexual upbringing of
A.  This is why I will write to you the most and offer the most support to you
as I possibly can.  Hannah is a free spirit that needs more reining in than
encouragement.  I am working with Hannah to help her grow up a lot (and to try
to present herself in a more mature, less scary fashion).  You and I both know
that girls try to affect this scary image as a defensive measure.  They only
have to achieve balance in their lives to reflect confidence in what they do. 
With everyone's support and seeing how happy Hannah now is, I am sure she will
come along nicely.  After all, she is very young and has to be able to set and
reach career goals.  You, my dear, just inherited another daughter in many ways. 
Beats pushing one out and raising one from scratch, doesn't it?

I am so elated to hear from her about how open and honest everyone was and how
you let A see your feelings for angel.  There is no way at all that any young
lady like A can ever feel guilty or dirty about something when she sees how much
Joy it brings her mother and also when she see how open her mother is about it. 
While not totally in line with puritanical teachings, it is 100% healthy. 
Please remember that up to about 100 years ago, people lived in one-room houses
and parents regularly had sex in front of their children.  So never let anyone
less worldly, a priest or a penguin, ever try to tell you differently.  With the
love, guidance, and understanding of yourself, angel, and Hannah (and ME
hopefully!), I will virtually guarantee that A will never be one to come home
bruised, beaten, or pregnant.  So the bottom line is that you are one hell of a
mum!

I meant to ask you in my last letter as little about yourself and your sexual
preferences.  Angel told me you are divorced.  I don't know for how long or if
you still hunger for a man at times.  I was married myself for three years and
sometimes I still do though not as often now. Angel told me that Hannah brought
up the idea of having a strap on dildo handy for you all to use.  That was, of
course, my idea.  My reasoning is that perhaps you might still desire to be
penetrated.  I know that Hannah probably misses it a little also.  The strap-on
is something very special for women because it allows us to get that totally
full, thrusting, feeling we all adore but without having to stare at a hairy
back while receiving it from a male.  So it is the feelings we love given with
all the love and gentleness (or harshness if that is your pleasure) that only
another woman can give.  And they also last until we are totally satisfied.  I
told Hannah you should get a large one to make the experience worthwhile.  Why
go halfway?  You and Hannah may then make love to each other or Angel and angel
would be happy to take care of you also.  Additionally, that might be the best
way for A to also experience penetration for the first time when she is ready. 
It is always best to receive this from someone you love and with experience
rather than some fumbling, pimply-faced teenager.  First times are supposed to
be beautiful, aren't they?  Regretfully they almost never are. 

The only thought that I have and that I present to you is that experiences like
these will be hard to duplicate again from someone else.  What we are creating
here for all of you are sexual standards that are very high.  Now you have to
realize that for A this can be a double-edged sword.  Say for instance, if angel
makes love to her passionately using a strap on dildo, this is an experience
that very few, if any, males her age (or older) will ever be able to give her. 
But the same is true for any of you.  Angel is the only avowed lesbian amongst
you.  Believe me when I tell you, Jo that I am not trying to create lesbians
here.  All I am doing is helping you all to realize your full potentials as
women and to hopefully start a loving relationship that will last a lifetime for
you all if you so choose.  Shall we call it broadening everyone's horizons and
opening everyone's eyes?  You and Hannah have experienced men, both their good
sides and their bad.  So you can make educated decisions.  But I will assume
that A hasn't been with a man yet.  So by initiating her into what you and
Hannah are experiencing does present a better opportunity that she will actually
become a lesbian.    But the better and better all this gets for all of you, the
less the chances will be that someone else, a man, will be able to make her
happy in the same way.  So please realize and accept that there is a very good
chance that A will become a lesbian.  Not that that is a bad thing at all.  If
you want grandchildren, she and whomever she chooses as her life partner can
always adopt, right?  I know that you are wise and loving enough that you would
rather have a happy, well adjusted, daughter than one who accepts societies
norms and mores and dooms herself to an unfulfilled life.  Now, dearest Jo. 
Women our age will always talk about younger girls going through phases and that
this might be an exploration phase A is going through. Perhaps, my love,
perhaps.  But please understand that schoolgirls innocently petting and kissing
each other in the showers after gymnastics is what I define as a phase.  But a
girl being part of a wondrous relationship like the one that you have all
embarked on is, granted, a much different, intense, exposure.  Remember that if
one exposes a child constantly to high-class gourmet food, that child will
develop high class, gourmet tastes.  But a parent is always supposed to teach
their children to have high expectations, aren't they? Everything you are doing
now is good, Jo.  I have only wanted to try to give you insight into possible
futures so that you can better understand them and prepare for them.  I know you
are on absolute pins and needles about what to do when you have Angel in your
bed all night.  And you are probably terrified wondering about what will happen
with A when that night happens.  Don't be.  It will all come naturally. People
loving each other, regardless of their sex, is a beautiful thing.  Just continue
to be open and talk about what happened with each other.  And it is all right
for you to become excited when hearing what occurred between Angel and A.  It's
natural.  We are all sexual beings.  At least you know and trust all the
principals involved and know that whatever happens will be as beautiful for A as
it is for you.  You should just sit there and beam with happiness for all
involved.  And don't worry at all about pleasing Angel or her pleasuring you
while the others are present.  How else is everyone going to learn one's likes
and dislikes? Angel was worried that she expressed herself too fully in your
alls conversation about what she wanted from the relationship.  She knows now
that everything is o.k.  Go ahead and use her.  Let her treat you like royalty. 
I suggested to Hannah that you all might wish to acquire a chastity belt for
Angel that can be locked on 24/7.  You can all have the honor of being key
holders and totally control her access to her own sex.  Think about it.

I await to hear back from you.

Affectionately, Mistress Sasha

Thursday Feb 13

Mistress

I am very sorry, but we have been having goal setting days at the office over
the last couple of days so I have not been able to get to my PC.   I have now
picked up and copied the notes you have sent, but I have to leave shortly so I
will not be able to read my ones just now.

Mistress, last night, lots of things happened in the evening, which I will write
to you about when I have more time, but at bedtime, Miss  Hannah took me into
Miss A's room, and put me onto her bed, and she came in, dressed with her
nightshirt on, and Miss Hannah kissed her on the cheek, then she left us and
closed the door, Miss A sat beside me, touched my breasts and my pussy, and I
opened my legs for her.  She touched and pulled at my clitoris until I came and
then carried on playing with me until I came again, and then I asked her if I
might touch her, and she told me that she will see, and she told me that she is
in charge and that I mustn't talk to her again unless she told me that I may.
She just touched and stroked me, and then she pulled at my nipples, really
firmly, until they ached.  Then she reached to her desk and took a 12" ruler and
started to slap it on them, softly then hard then softly.  She asked me if I
enjoyed it, and I said Yes Miss and she did it harder, then she started to slap
my cunt with it, and I came, and she carried on doing it, and to my thighs,
until I was almost cumming again and she leant over me and kissed me, really
harshly.    She lay next to me, and just stroked me, and told me I was weird,
but every now and then she kissed me.  At one point she had me bend over, and
she fondled my bottom then lifted me up so that I was on my knees and she put
fingers into my cunt and my bottom. Later she used the ruler on my bottom until
I was panting, then she just lay next to me and put my hand onto her pussy and
she let me finger her to orgasm, and Mistress it was beautiful, she orgasmed
through her whole body, straining and screaming, it was so beautiful, and when
she was done, she pulled me onto her and we kissed and kissed. I have to go, but
she spanked me a little more later and she woke me once, pulling on my nipples,
and she had me touch her again, to orgasm. I have to go they are looking to lock
up and I must get home.  I will write more tomorrow Mistress.

angel  xxx

Sasha You will know by now that I took your council and I have been honest with
both myself and A, and that I have set A free to enjoy the truly amazing child
that is within stephie. I have to declare to you that I sat quite in awe of her
when she declared her wish to serve us as completely as she did, and then, even
in that declaration she showed submission and regret. Regret which none of us
shared I have to tell you. With respect to A. she and I talked after H and
stephie had gone downstairs and my darling baby is no more. She is now a young
woman with desires and passions. We have always been open with one another.
About all subject which arose, but this particular subject had never arisen
before. I had hesitations, but now I have a wonderful freedom, a peace, in my
honesty to the one I love. And for that, I thank you. You confirmed my own
feelings and gave me strength to act. We have to make conscious efforts I
believe, to ensure that our precious slave is satisfied in all ways she desires.
H and I have talked about ways in which we might satisfy her apparent (and I
have no doubt genuine) wish to be spanked. She was tearful when she talked of
being subjected to pain, but one could see it was tears of both embarrassment
and desire, I'm sure. Sasha, I hope we might maintain personal contact with each
other like this, (there will be times when I will wish the subject to be private
between us) but there will be times when I shall handwrite notes to you for
stephie to type for me, providing you are happy with that. Ms J

Well Mistress Sasha, things have moved on at home. Funny, but its like home
already being with stephie, miss Jo and A.

Stephie told me that she told u about the open-heart session the other day. Wow,
was it tense!!!!!!! But its all fine now, and stephie has another conquest, or
she has been conquested by another maybe, I don't know. Anyway, A was a smiling
bunny this morning.

Can u imagine how much I love her? I love that she is who she is, I love her
face, I love her body, every inch of it, I love that she loves me, I love that
others love her even. Its part of why she is so attractive. Makes no sense does
it? But it just makes her even sexier somehow????????????? U know what? I told
my sis that she has other lovers. When we got here tonight she was cool, and she
even told us to kiss. She is showing stephie her garden now. All floodlit. I had
a bit of a tiff with Allison tonight about what steph should wear. She wanted
her to only have her vest on, but I've lent her my sweatshirt and let out the
straps so her pretty bum is covered at least.

Miss J wants me to show her my hand inside steph, I told her 'my pleasure', and
it will be.......... miss j loves her too, u know that, right? She talked to me
about us keeping steph's other interests satisfied, so we are thinking things to
do. Spankings, bondage nipple torture, anal games (her idea, neat huh? she
learning off u???? Lol)

Well, going to eat now.

Sorry u weren't there

Kisses n licks

Hannah  xxxxxxxxxx.


Hello Sasha, you don't know me, this isn't Hannah, I'm her sister. They left,
Hannah and her/your sex slave, a while ago but they left messenger open and I
have just read through the mails between you and her.

My god. You're open, that's obvious, so I can tell you that I have just frigged
myself silly reading it all. Toilet slave, maid, and Hannah told me the slave
(and she is a pretty thing) had other lovers but a mother and daughter and tiger
is involved in it all! I can't believe it, except that once earlier Stephie did
call tiger Miss! God it's so perverted its fab.

I don't know whether to tell tiger that I know???? I'm going to keep your mail
address and maybe one day I will write you. Maybe the slave wants a sister and
sister as well as a mom and daughter??

Donna

Dearest Hannah,

I was so sorry to have missed you while you were all at your sister's house.  I
was tied up in conferences all afternoon.  It would have been a lovely
diversion. One thing important that I would like to discuss with but hesitate to
do so. I don't know whether or not you did it intentionally or accidentally, but
you left your messenger up on the computer at your sister's house. 
Consequently, she accessed your mailbox and read through all the correspondence
we have sent each other.  She then wrote me afterwards. Now!  Before you freak
out about her knowing exactly what you have done and the extent of your
relationship with angel, Jo, and Allison, I will tell you that, in her letter to
me, she said that she "frigged herself silly" while reading through her sister's
adventures.  I can tell from her letter that she is very happy for you, is also
rather envious, and also has a strong interest in doing some exploration in the
same areas as her dear sister.  She really does think that what you are doing
now is "fab" and mentioned in closing "maybe the slave wants a sister and sister
as well as a mom and daughter?? " (Her words, my quotes). She doesn't know how
or whether or not to tell you about how much she knows.  What I am going to ask
you is to give her email address to me and let Auntie Sasha take care of
everything in that oh so special way that you know that I have.  Can I assume
that you have an interest in sitting on a sofa chatting with your sister naked
with angel alternating her face in each of your pussies till you both are
cumming together?  Please let me handle this, dear Hannah.  You know you can
trust me to do so in a very tender, touching, way that will not only strengthen
your relationship with your sister but also possibly increase her Joy of life as
I have yours. And may I make a suggestion?  The next time there is a
disagreement about something angel is to do or to wear between yourself,
Allison, or Jo, please solve it in one of the following ways:  1.  When conflict
arises, the one of you that can lick angel to an orgasm the fastest will get her
way, or you and Jo, or you and Allison can strip from the waist down and get
into a classic 69 position.  The first one licked to orgasm loses.  There,
Mistress has just made disagreements fun and I help to improve on all your pussy
licking talents!  Aren't I special?????  Do you have my pics up in prominent
places, dear?

Mistress Sasha

Angel,

I am sorry I missed you and Hannah when you all were at her sister's.  I just
have to ask you what you thought of her sister.  I sincerely hope you liked her
because Hannah left her mailbox open after you all left so her sister got to go
through and read all of my emails to Hannah, especially the chats from yahoo
that the three of us had in the warehouse.  And then she wrote me.  She, in her
own words "frigged herself silly" while reading them and thinks that what Hannah
has found is "fab".  I am working with Hannah on handling all of this. Suffice
it to say that there just might be another addition to your family rather soon.
How many Mistresses do you think you can serve, my dearest? My suggestion to
you, Angel, is that, at your next group chatting session, suggest that you,
Hannah, and Jo, all pool your resources and see if it is expedient for the four
(possibly five) of you to rent a house all together.  It would probably save you
money from your current arrangement, and be a perfect, private environment for
your extended family to all live together as they please.  Hopefully there will
even be a basement where we can have a dungeon for you.  Suggest it and consider
it.  From all the letters I have been getting and all the hours I spend typing,
supporting you all, I think that all of you are very happy with the arrangements
you and I have created and have no intentions of changing back to dull, vanilla
lifestyles. Suggest this to the group as soon as is convenient, chat with me
with any fear, questions, or reservations you might have personally beforehand. 
That is what I am here for. As for you, my love, I think it is time for you to
consider being bound to your new Mistresses by contract.  If you so desire to
take this step at some point I will devise a legal contract for you all to sign. 
It would be between Jo and Hannah (as your owners) as well as Allison when she
comes of legal age.  (I am so glad you made Allison cum while with her.  Is she
as hairy as her mum?  Did she taste good when you licked your fingers
afterwards?  You do know that as a total maidservant you can offer to trim
and/or shave them all to your tastes.)  A contract like this would totally bind
you to your Mistresses.  You would give up your identity, bank accounts,
clothes, possessions, and paychecks directly over to them.  They would have the
total responsibility of making sure your needs are cared for and you make sure
all their physical and household needs are taken care of.  Total obedience also
goes without saying.  Basically a 3, 4, or 5-way marriage with you as the bride
and them as the Mistresses.  This is something down the road, Angel.  Something
for you to consider for the future.  Think on it.  But do bring up the one house
arrangement with them soonest.  Plenty of room to live, each with their own
bedrooms (except you of course), room for guests, room to entertain, room for
you to serve them all properly. I am always there with you in spirit.

Mistress Sasha


My dearest, sweetest, Allison,

Angel told me all about your evening together.  I hope you are as happy with it
as angel and I am.  It sounded like a very beautiful night.  Isn't it wonderful
to sleep in the arms of someone who loves you as tenderly as does Angel?  Next
time, you might feel more comfortable with letting angel taste you and maybe you
might consider tasting her.  Another woman's taste and scent is ........
captivating, shall we say?

You mum has written me and she is as happy for you as I hope you are for her. 
She has accepted and is so happy that her little girl is a woman and that, as a
woman, she is still so heavily involved in your life.  As you know, so often
when a girl becomes sexually active, it drives a wedge between her and her
mother.  Not so in this case.  She is also very, very relieved that she can be
as open and honest with you about her sexual desires as you are about yours.  I
don't know if you are surprised to learn that your mother as just as strong, if
not stronger, sexual desires that you do.  Continue to be open with your mum. 
Talk with her about what you and angel did all alone.  She WILL understand.  Ask
her what she likes angel to do and what she likes to do to angel.  Be open,
mature, and honest.  Treat everything in your life as a learning experience.  Be
open enough to ask if you can watch angel with your mum or with Hannah. 
Learning something you might wish to try later is probably what will happen. 
And you can be a part of, and share, their Joy as well. As an older, semi-mother
like, friend/guide to you, I will tell you that all these changes going on and
you partaking of them and becoming a woman with specific likes and dislikes
carries with it a large responsibility.  No longer are you so much mommy's
little girl.  You are all women together now in a complex, mature highly
charged, sexual environment.  You have to be open and honest and mature about
these things.  Respect is openly given and received. As well as respecting the
privacy of this arrangement.  Not everyone will be able to or want to understand
how loving and wonderful an arrangement all you ladies have together.  Keep what
you all do together and your thoughts within your group.  Don't trust your mates
to keep secrets.  They are just girls now to you.  You are a woman.  You will
find that you and they have less and less in common as time passes because you
have now matured many years past them and you are already more mature sexually
than many of them will EVER become.  Others can't judge you or torment you if
they don't now about what's happening or aren't given the opportunity to. I only
wish, as so many millions of other women do, that we had the special
relationship with our mothers that you have with yours.  Cherish it for a
lifetime and remember it always.

Mistress Sasha

Friday Feb 14

Mistress

I am sorry we missed you Mistress.  Miss Hannah was really hoping you might be
there. She even told her sister that she was not my only lover, and when I was
with her sister she asked me how many other lovers I had, and whether I was a
lesbian or just bi.  She is lovely Mistress, a little like Hannah in appearance
but much more mature.  Miss Hannah left the messenger on with the sound turned
up so that if you came online we would hear it, but we got to talk about their
family (there is another sister whom neither of them appear to like very much)
and their mom and dad, and we must have just forgotten about it. 

Donna is very pretty Mistress and if she really wishes it I would love to serve
her, provided Miss Hannah is ok with it.  I should tell you that  Miss Hannah
put her sweatshirt on me before we went into her sister's place last night. 
Miss A had said that I should only wear my vest but  Miss Hannah wasn't at all
sure that it was right.  I am not to tell Miss A or Miss J about wearing the
sweatshirt, so please don't mention it to them, please Mistress. Anyway, what I
was going to say was that I'm not sure that Miss Hannah will actually want me to
serve her sister, and if she is not happy then I should not wish her to be upset
Mistress.  You know, just between us Mistress, I will serve anyone they or you
wish, and Donna is so very pretty I would do whatever she wishes.  You do know
that don't you Mistress?

Mistress, I want to be bound to them.  You mentioned the contract?  I would sign
a contract with them at a moment.  I want this relationship to last, and Miss J,
last night, when we were in bed, did suggest that she is hesitant about losing
me, and Miss Hannah, but I told her that I would be there for them as long as
they wish, but if you were to supervise a contract then they would see how
committed I am to them.  Please start preparing it, or asking them what they
wish to be or think should be in the contract. 

I know a lawyer here in the UK who could check it for validity.  She is a woman
I knew some years ago, and Mistress, she was once a short-term lover of mine, so
she will understand.  She knows of my nature.

As for the one house - Mistress, that would be perfect.  I am locked into my
flat contract for 6 months; I don't know how long Miss J is locked into theirs.
I don't suppose either of us has enough money for a deposit, houses here cost in
excess of ?250,000.  But we can look for somewhere bigger to rent maybe, where
we can all live together, and I should love for them to have a room, a dungeon,
for them.

Oh Mistress that would just be the most perfect thing. For them to know how
committed I am to them and my lifestyle, our lifestyle choice.

Last night I slept (very briefly) with Miss J, and we made love, and she bound
me, my hands behind my back and my legs tied at the knee at one point to the
arms of a chair, and she kissed my cunt and fingered me until I was completely
exhausted.  She was wonderful Mistress, and woke me for me to take her pee. She
pees so slowly into me, and she asked me before she started if I was sure, and I
told her "Oh yes please Miss" and she released into me, and afterwards she said
that I am so much nicer that a cold toilet.  She used me again this morning when
she woke.   She just said, "I need to pee" and opened her legs for me Mistress.
Just like it was right, which it is of course.

She loves me to suck her nipples Mistress.  Maybe I shouldn't tell you, but she
repeatedly put my face to her nipples, and she arched her back and was so
excited when I sucked her there, and she kissed my cunt  Mistress!  She kissed
and sucked my clitoris until I came Mistress, then she kissed me too. She
slapped me while I was on the chair too, my inner thighs and on my cunt
Mistress.  She told me that I was very precious to them all, and that they
didn't want to lose me. That's why I want the contract Mistress.

This morning, Miss A came into her mom's room (she did knock first), but she saw
us in bed together and she asked her mom if she could take me away for a while
and her mom let me go.  She took me into the kitchen and asked me if I wanted to
kiss her pussy, and I said yes please Miss, and she told me that if I was good
she would allow me to, then she bent me over a chair, put my hand on her pussy,
and she spanked me while I stroked and rubbed her soft pussy under her
nightshirt and she came for my fingers while she spanked me.  When she had cum,
she lifted me up and she kissed me, then she looked at my bottom and took me in
to her mom to show her my red bottom.  Ms J was delighted, she has her skirt on
and a bra, and she told Miss A that my bottom looked much nicer a little red,
and she bent me over the bed and she spanked me too, at least 10 times till it
really stung.

Then it was time for me to get ready for work, and Miss A decided that  I should
wear a t-shirt, so that (as she said) it shows off my nips.   She gave me one of
hers, a white scoop neck one, and its really quite tight and it only just
reaches the waistband of my skirt when I'm standing.  When I sit, like now, I
have almost a 6" gap between my waistband and my shirt.  I am feeling quite
aroused today, and this evening Miss Hannah should be pleased when I tell her
about my day.  Actually, later I have a meeting about the goals days with
Beatrice (my boss) and I have wondered about telling her about the fact that
Hannah and I are living together.  Hannah will have to change her address to
mine to get her mail from the office, and I am supposed to Beatriceounce to my
line manager of any relationships with colleagues.  I will see how things go,
but I think that I can tell her in confidence, just so that someone knows. I'll
ask her what else she thinks we need to do.  Miss Hannah doesn't have to tell
anyone about us, I imagine its only people of a certain management level.  I
will tell you how it goes Mistress.

Mistress, I've just re-read your mail to me.  You ask me to let you know of any
fears or reservations I have.  Mistress, the only fear I have is that all this
might stop.  I have no hesitations with anything I have been asked to do, to
share in, nor with anything that I think might happen.  Mistress, I am so happy
that at times, when I get chance to think about things, like now, these times
when I write to you, I wonder if I might burst.  I am masturbating almost hourly
Mistress (well maybe not quite).  I freely look at girls I meet in the office,
thinking about telling Miss Hannah and Miss A about them, and about whether I
fancy them.  Whether I think they would have nice breasts, or whether I would
like to lick their anus.  That's the sort of things they ask me Mistress.  It's
sort of a ritual now. 

Tonight, Miss J is taking me swimming, and she wants me to wear the new costume
she bought for me.  Apparently, Miss J told me last night, Miss  A has asked to
come, and she wants to bring her friend, but I think Miss J is hesitant, not
about Miss A, she said he would love for her to come, but she is not sure about
her friend.  Miss  A said that I'd be dressed, and Her friend would normally
come out with them or come for a sleepover and soon she's going to think there's
something wrong.  Miss J said that we all have to be very careful about ordinary
people knowing what's going on between us.

I should go and do some work Mistress.  I will write to you over the weekend,
and I will try to get the Sharp to Miss Hannah sometime today.   I saw that her
message is urgent.  Incidentally, two things Mistress:   I don't actually print
the messages for the others, I transfer them as text files and they read them
from the sharp, and as for your pictures  Mistress, first I love the one of you
on the rattan chair Mistress.   It's just my favorite.  The problem is that the
Sharp can not deal with  images at all, there's no image viewer on it, and I
don't have access to a private color printer here, so I haven't been able to get
them printed, but maybe today I will be able to.  Things are more relaxed on 
Fridays, and people tend to stay out too longer than usual lunches.

I may write more later Mistress, if I get chance I certainly will.

I have a file from Miss J for you to attach to this mail Mistress.

angel xxx


--  __________________________________________________________ 


Sasha I saw your note and thank you. I haven't mentioned it but I was surprised
about what you had written earlier, about my spurting. Surprised that you knew
about it and that you said it. But yes, I spurt. I had quite forgotten about it,
my ex used to remark on it in the early days but those have long since gone. 
Has she said how eagerly she opens her mouth to catch my cum. she really is
delicious. He left us 2 years ago and yes I did sometimes miss sex with him but
not now. Sex with myself thinking about her and with stephie has overtaken any
memories I had about that. I do have worries about A and her sexuality, but in
our chat the other evening she made it clear that she wants one day to be
married and have children, and that it would be marriage to a man. She was quite
frighteningly mature about it, and accounted for stephie as a 'sexual sister'
and as someone else's lover whom she was being allowed to borrow. She has grown
so much in just this last two weeks.  I have realized that I have not related
much to you of Hannah. She too is a delight. Are you aware that I have watched
her make love with and use stephie? It was really quite beautiful and very
arousing to see. And so intimate to be allowed to see. I believe that part of
the appeal of stephie is the degree of intimacy one has with her. I know every
inch of her body better than I came to know my ex's, from her lips to her little
pink anus (if you excuse me for saying so, I realize that is perhaps a little
crude, but it is true). With reference to the strap on dildo, Hannah did relate
it to us as being your idea, but I fear that something as large as she
suggested, 8" and fat, would be perhaps somewhat large, especially as she
suggested (and here I don't know if this was her own invention or not) if we
were to penetrate her bottom with it. I do know that having spent 15 years with
a 5" penis I cant relish the idea of being impaled with something that large.
However, thanks to her beautiful nature, I confess a fascination in the idea of
fucking little stephie with one. Is this unfair? It is so strange to be making
reference to me fucking someone. And yet it is a want I have had since Hannah
first mentioned the idea. Will she enjoy being fucked by us Sasha, or is it more
for our pleasure?   I do know that all three of us have equal interest. Hannah
and I talked of a round robin with us taking it in turns to fuck her tied on the
edge of the table.  Disgusting eh?  Last night, Hannah and I sat in the lounge,
and heard my baby scream in passion. Can you image that, hearing your baby make
love, and being pleased and even aroused by it? Do you have children Sasha?
These are very confusing times Sasha, for me at least, and I fear that I should
be expressing guilt at what I have allowed and yet I just feel arousal, and a
feeling of peace. Tonight Hannah has taken stephie out to meet her sister. A
would only allow stephie to wear her string strap vest. I felt quite sorry for
Hannah but she accepted A's opinion. When they return, she will come to my bed
and we will make love and I shall kiss her cunt until she screams too. Then she
will pamper my every whim. With my love Jo

Dearest Angel,

I am up very early this morning working on all of our email.  I am turning them
into a novella because your growth and progression is just so beautiful to read. 
The urgency of the letter to Hannah is mainly to inform her of what I told you
about her sister.  I wanted to calm her in case she freaked about her sister
knowing the exact extent of your all's relationship.  I also wanted her to give
me her sister's email so that I could handle everything and gauge her sister's
desires and needs to see if she is of the right mind to group your family.

Do see about printing out my pictures for your ladies. Even if only in black and
white, I do think they should be able to put a face to all the correspondence I
have been generating.  The reverse is true as well.  I want to see them all in a
photo with you.  And I don't want to see you all nude (though it would be nice). 
We have sort of moved beyond sexual.  We have become a family and I also wish to
be able to place faces with names.

And I did want you to consider renting a house together.  Buying is something
for down the road.  I just want you all to be together.

As far as a contract goes, I know that you desire that more than anything else. 
Let us give this some time, my love.  Do keep in mind that everything that has
happened, your Journey, Hannah's, Jo's, and Allison's transformation have only
occurred in five weeks.  Never in my wildest dreams would I ever have thought
that possible.  I could never have imagines that so many lives could
dramatically change for the better so quickly.  I give you all the credit for
trusting me so completely.  Makes me wonder what I could do to your company's
sales figures if I were only allowed to train the sales staff.  And if you ever
need help with your mentoring, you have only but to ask.  Helping advance your
career is something I take in stride because I love you dearly.  You might guess
that I have a flair for mentoring and training.  Lol!

Jo's letter to me was very nice.  She told me a lot about her feelings and her
marriage. She has accepted, as you know, A's needs and growth.  She also loves
you very much and does not hunger for the touch of men at all with your company. 
Be proud of yourself.  I am so very proud of you and what you have done.

As far as telling your company about your living relationship with Hannah, I
leave that totally up to you.  Not knowing how large your company is, it is
tough to counsel you.  If you have little daily contact with Hannah, then your
relationship will not affect your work except for numerous unexplained trips to
the ladies room.  But you would need those even if it were only you and I,
right?  If you and Hannah are in different divisions, no one might notice that
she has your address.  Since your work should not be effected by your
relationship, it would be safe to tell them that she has moved in with you as a
roommate sharing your flat to cut down on all the expenses you incurred moving
back to the U.K. I am very big in keeping as much of your sexual lives and
identities private.  I can't stand little looks, office tittering, and gossip
around the coffee pot about whom is seeing whom and all the garbage.  What you
are doing is between two consenting adults and, since it doesn't affect anyone's
work, it is no one's business but your own.

I love you and hope to hear from you again today.

Mistress Sasha

Sasha This is Hannah and I've come up to steph's office to tell her that Donna
phoned me to say shed seen our mails. All she said was that shed seen it all and
she thinks its really cool and she wonders if she can borrow our slave sometime
and she wanted to read the mails again so I've given her my password. If u want
to write to her write to my address because I cant get in to it now anyway with
no pc. She was really cool about it, she didn't say anything about anything just
that she was ok with it and she was happy for me. gotta go, angel says she is
gonna tell Beatrice bout us today. so  then its all out!!!!!!!!!!! cool. n yes u
r special xxxxx I saw your pics. 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
lovely. Can I say I love your nipples Sasha?  Kisses n licks Hannah

Thank you so much Hannah.  I will write Donna today.   Is she older or younger
than you?  And where do your feelings lie about the possibilities of her joining
your family? And by the way, if this family gets any larger, not only will you
need to rent a whole house, but your Mistress here will have to hire a secretary
to dictate all these letters to!  This is like training and managing a growing
company!   And the most Joyful management Job I have ever had.  And I am glad
you liked my photos, dearest Hannah.  I would like for them to be printed in
color, framed, and placed in all your bedrooms and living rooms so that I am
always there with all of you.

Mistress

Mistress

Hannah just sent you that mail and she told me about her sister calling her. She
phoned me to see if we could meet, then she just arrived.  She was asking me if
I would serve Donna, and I said that I would if she wanted me to, and she wasn't
certain that she wanted to be there if I did, but then as we talked she just
became more and more sure that she wanted me to.  She said she would lend me to
her and that I should do anything she wanted. I also told her about me telling
my boss.  I have just seen your note  Mistress, and I feel that I can tell
Beatrice. We have had a close relationship and I know I can tell her in
confidence.  She is a Director but is very approachable.  She always asks me if
there is anything troubling me when I go in her office, almost every time, so if
I just tell her that I want her advice and tell her that I have a relationship,
without necessarily telling her who, then she will advise me. Don't worry
Mistress.   She is a good person.

Mistress, Hannah said she was sad that she had got me to wear her sweatshirt
yesterday, and she said that my nipples in this t-shirt look ready to explode,
and then I showed her your pictures.  She was whispering to me but she said that
she really loved your nipples and she asked me if that was after I had just been
sucking on them.  Oh that I had.

I have to go now Mistress

angel xxxxxxx

ps. I will get the pics printed today Mistress


Angel,

You write beautifully, as always.  As for you boss, I will trust to your
feelings.  But always guard your career like a lioness guards her cubs.  Hannah
must defer to you on this not matter how much she wants people to know because
your career is well founded and must continue.  She needs to control her desires
to tell people just as Allison must.  What you all are doing and have together
is beautiful but is often misunderstood by the vanillas out there.  There is
nothing worse than being judged by all the arseholes out there?  (Do you like
the way I have translated my writing into British?  I do it for Hannah also. 
She must think I am around the corner.  I even converted my weight into 9s 2 for
her!)

Love,

Sasha

Mistress,

I telephoned Miss Hannah about you having mailed her and she had me read it to
her.  She was uncertain at first but then told me to tell you that she doesn't
mind if you arrange for both of them to play with me at the same time, but she
does not want to watch me 'sucking Donna off' and she doesn't suspect that Donna
will want to watch me with her (Miss Hannah). She said to tell you that Donna is
26 and to remind you that it's Miss Hannah's birthday on Monday. I have an
appointment with Beatrice in 10 mins Mistress. I will feel happier if I have
discussed it with her and I do have confidence in her. 

Angel.   Xxx


Mistress

I have spoken to Beatrice, and she was fine about it all, and she has promised
her confidentiality and that my telling her is all we need to do.   But, I don't
know if it's my heightened sexuality at the moment, but I fear she was coming on
to me. I'm sure she was, but I don't know what to do about it, if anything.

May I relate to you how the conversation went and you can advise me  Mistress,
please.  I'm sure it's not just me.

I went in, told her about a new range change, then asked if I could talk about a
personal matter, and she said she would be pleased to help. I told her that I
had entered into a relationship with a member of the team and she asked whom,
and I said I was a little reluctant to say, but she said she couldn't really
comment if she didn't know, because who it was would change the circumstances. I
asked her if at all possible what I was going to tell her should be in complete
confidence, and she said unless it was Mr. Harrington (our owner) then she was
certain she could promise that.  Then I told her it was a lesbian relationship,
and she didn't flinch, and she asked with whom, I told her, and she said she
thought she had met Hannah.  Then she said that she understood why there was a
need for discretion and she promised me that no one outside of this room would
need to know.  Then she got up and came around her desk and put her hands on my
shoulders (she does that quite often - that part wasn't unusual) and she told me
that she was happy for me, that I'd found someone, then she asked me if we were
living together, and I said yes, and all the time she was holding my shoulders. 
Then she said that my top looked nice today, and I thanked her, and she said
that I always dress so smart and that I should realize that I'm not working for
XXXXX any more and that I can dress more casually now.  I told her that it was
just habits to dress like this, and she said I should take advantage of my shape
while I still had it and that I should wear some shorter skirts.  I just sat
silent. And she went on, and said that she didn't think she had ever even seen
my knees.  She laughed and I laughed, partly nervously, then she said I should
think about dressing more casually, before I get as old as she is and so fat
that no one would want to see your body.  I said that she was neither old nor
fat (which she isn't, not really) and then she moved her hands lower on my
chest, not quite to my breasts, but certainly lower than she ever usually does. 
She asked me if I would think about dressing more casually, and I said that I
would, then she said 'good', and she went back to her seat and sat down.

She promised me that she would keep my confidence, as she knew that I would do
the same, and she said 'wont you? And I said of course I would.   Then she told
me that I nor Hannah have to tell anyone else, and I thanked her, she said she
was glad I felt I could talk to her about something this personal, and I left.

I swear she was putting her hands lower than she ever has before.  It wasn't my
imagination Mistress.  Honestly.  Please, Mistress, can this be kept between
just us?  I don't want the Misses to know that I may be going mad or whatever. I
will await your mail Mistress. angel

Sasha, Just to let you know I have told Hannah about seeing the mails. She was
speechless for a while (a rare thing!!!) then I asked her to let me have her
mail password so that I could read them all again and she gave it to me, just
like that.

one other little matter ------- I've asked her if I can borrow the slave
sometime.

Donna

Donna,

Allow me to introduce myself.  I am Mistress Sasha.  I am Mistress to stephanie
as well as a Mistress/Mentor to your dear sister, Jo, and Allison.  Providing
the proper direction to everyone has eased transitions and has allowed something
beautiful to unfold. I wanted to write you to let you know a little about what
is happening.  Hannah was pleased to know that you are all up on the status of
her relationship.  She, and myself as well, was pleased that you found that what
your younger sister is doing so exciting you needed relief. I do hope you
understand how exciting and complex this relationship is for all parties
involved.  But you yourself can see how incredibly happy Hannah is.  The same is
true for everyone.  They have all found new direction in life and all have new
ways to look at love and relationships. You mentioned in your letter that you
mentioned that you might want to partake in the giving and receiving of pleasure
from this arrangement.  Hence my wishing to get to know you.  Your sister is
more than willing to share angel with you and angel does find you very
attractive and has indicated a willingness to do to/with you as Hannah, Jo,
Allison, and myself tell her. I would like to know more about you first, my
dear.  Mostly for my own edification but also to get a better idea of how to
treat you.  If you ever doubt my bonafides, just ask your sister or angel.  They
will tell you that you may trust me more than probably anyone else you ever will
meet with your deepest secrets, thoughts, and feelings.  A gift I have is being
able to help people sort through their needs and bring them to a reality that
grants them complete fulfillment and enjoyment of life.  Please trust me enough
to take the same chance they have. Everything that has happened between them as
a group has been initiated, grown, and flourished in only five weeks.  That's
kind of hard for even me to believe.  That's why I call what I have a gift.  I
would love to know more about you, what you look like, your experiences, your
needs and desires. Do you consider yourself bisexual?  If so, what kind of
experiences have you had?  Have you ever had any experiences with the world of
dominance and submission?  It is pretty obvious that angel is a submissive and I
am training your sister, Jo, and Allison to bring out and enhance their natural
dominant qualities.  Would you like the same advice and assistance? I just read
your new letter to me.  And what are your plans for the usage of angel?  Please
tell me so I might be able to insert some of my own ideas so you both enjoy the
experience as fully as you can, I asked Hannah to let me write you and help
smooth things along.  So write me back answering my questions.  If you have a
picture of yourself, please send it.  Since you have Hannah's password, please
feel free to activate her Yahoo messenger so you and I can chat when it is
convenient. I look forward to help you realize allot about yourself and to
hopefully, if you desire, include you in what is becoming quite an adorable,
happy, growing family!

Mistress Sasha

Angel,

You most certainly are not going mad.  You are only mad to think that you are. 
You must realize by now that so many women have latent lesbian desires.  They
just never get to act on them with someone that they trust.  Was this not the
case with, oh, say, Hannah and Jo, for instance?  Beatrice might or might not
have them.  Only time will tell.  But what is clear is that if she does have
desires along these lines, they will become more self evident now that she feels
that you are a kindred spirit and that she can confide in you the same way you
did her.  The openness and honesty of your personality makes you so easy to talk
with, my dear. My advice for you is to wear something a little more casual. 
Show off your knees.  Go to her office with business and then casually comment,
if she doesn't first, if she likes seeing your knees now or did she expect
something shorter.  When she says yes (how do I know that she will already?) you
might innocently ask her if there is anything else of you she might wish to see. 
Of course this can be as simple as wearing something sleeveless.  If she is in
tune with you and has the desires you think (and hope) she does, the forthcoming
answer will tell volumes.  Of course, when she says yes, how high you lift your
skirt for her is up to you................  Isn't it time for you to go
masturbate while thinking of these possibilities?

Mistress

Mistress

I have been thinking about the contract, and I have re-read what you wrote.  You
said it would be between Miss Hannah and Miss Jo and myself, with them as my
"Owners".  That sounds so wonderful Mistress, to be Owned.  It is so much more
than belonging or anything else.

As for my part Mistress, I would gladly pass everything I have to them,
including myself.  I trust them implicitly, I love them all, and I would be
completely obedient to them, you know that Mistress, completely, to any of them. 
Actually, now I think of it, none of them has felt the need to test my
obedience. Unless last night was a test of sorts. I did go out with just that
vest on, and not only was it revealing (it was done up to just above my nipples)
but it was also very cold last night, but I still walked from the flat around
the corner to Hannah's car, and we drove all the way there like that, and while
I was scared and uncertain, I didn't say anything Mistress.  It was Miss
Hannah's idea for me to wear her sweatshirt Mistress, not mine.

I would sign myself, my flat, everything over to them tomorrow if they asked. 

Mistress, I was just interrupted by Beatrice calling for me, and when I went in
she asked me to check the forecast for something with her, so I went around her
desk and stood at her side and we went through the numbers, and she put her hand
on my bare midriff as I bent forward over her desk.  She asked me to make some
amendments on the paper copy for her secretary to change it, and I did, with her
still touching me.  When I'd finished she left her hand there, and I stayed bent
over and she said "You really are a sweet child, your Hannah is a lucky girl",
and her hand was stroking up my back and she just looked at me as she pushed my
top up, I could feel it getting higher on my back.  She talked about a meeting
she has next Monday, then asked me if I was happy, and I said I was, she said
good, then, she suddenly stopped and said well drop this off to Linda please and
she gave me the sheet we'd been working on.

You see Mistress, I wasn't imagining it.  But I don't know how to react.   I
don't mind her touching me, of course, but should I do anything?  She has always
been tactile, but not like this.  But then again I have never worn such a short
t-shirt when I've been with her before.

I really don't think its all coincidence though, but I think I should just see
how things go.

Angel

Sorry I have written to you so much today Mistress.  Its just that I have had
free time, or comparatively so anyway.  And I do like writing to you.

xxx  with a slave's love

Mistress, I have just seen your note, I wrote the above in two stages as you
know in notepad before I saw it.  I am not going mad am I?  I didn't think I
was.  The only thing I have to wear which is shorter is my denim mini, but I'm
not sure that that is right for work.  I will just have to see how things go
Mistress.

Thank you again.   Xxx

Angel,

Well it defiantly does seem like Beatrice has an interest in you that goes
beyond the professional.  And while I am sure she is happy for Hannah that you
are with her, she is really kicking herself for not knowing about your sexual
leanings before this so that she might have had a shot at you.  Now there are a
couple of ways to handle this.  Personally, what she did is sort of
unprofessional.  She just found out that you just embarked on a serious
relationship in that you have moved in with somebody.  She tells you she is
happy for you and then makes amorous advances towards you twice in the same day. 
Luckily you are in the sort of relationship where you get passed around.  Pretty
soon you are going to have to have a scheduling book to keep track of whom you
are to be servicing and when.  Maybe an erasable white board kept on Jo's
refrigerator.  Jo, Allison, and Hannah want your attentions.  Hannah's sister
now wants your attentions (Surprise!  Another possible virgin conquest for you.) 
I have written her and now possibly this lady Beatrice is showing an interest in
you.  And to think only 6 weeks ago you were bored.  Who would have thought that
you are now the most in demand person in XXXXXXX?  As it is now, you almost have
to move your workstation into the ladies loo because you are in there so often.
I recommend to see how strong Beatrice's interests are in the way I told you. 
After all, at this point it is really teasing.  From there, you will need to
tell your ladies about her and her advances.  Pending what the girls all say,
you can then make Beatrice aware of the type of relationship you are in.  But
first learn a little about Beatrice's desires and experiences to make sure she
can handle what you might have to tell her. Remember that she is very close to
you in regards to your work place.  If your relationship situation is
unappealing to her then it is best she not know, right? Another thing you have
to keep in mind that your Mistresses are probably happy to share you as long as
you are able to meet their needs.  Keep in mind that their needs and desires are
yet young and stand a very good chance at getting stronger as time goes on.  I
you are trying to divide your time between too many people, you have to realize
that there is only so much of angel to go around and you risk hurting some
feelings if everyone's needs aren't being met. This is getting almost to the
point that this family group needs another sub to help out.  The problem there,
my dear, is that when I tell you you are a true jewel, I really mean that. 
There is only one of you.  Another can't be manufactured to help you out.  What
I can do as far as shaping someone's mind and personality only goes so far.  You
have to realize that you were special long before I met you.  I only helped you
realize the potential that was already under the surface waiting to jump out. 
Please liken this to a stonemason.  The finished carving is the issue.  What
makes the finished product a masterpiece all depends on how special the stone
that he carved it from was to begin with.  You and I have talked about how your
submissive perfection intimidated even me.  The issue was how I could dominate
someone as perfect as you.  Thank God I accepted the challenge because I think
you'll agree that I have grown to new heights in the last six weeks.  Golly, I
have gone from being a Mistress with a sub to being a mother to someone, a
mentor to another, and a confidant/friend to yet another while helping to raise
her daughter!  I have been typing letters for this family group today for 3 1/2
hours (and I don't mind)!  I never thought I could have risen to the occasion. 
But that is my commitment to you because I love you.  But like I was saying.  I
never realized how special the gifts I have are if you weren't so gosh darned
special to begin with.  Everyone who comes in contact with you sees in you all
this that I have just told you.  People that were closed off to you before are
now so open to you because of the new shine about you because you are so self
assured and happy.  You are like the prize winning rose that everyone wishes
they could stick their nose into and smell.  I only wish I could have my nose in
you, my love.  So remember how special you are and that jealousies start when
attentions are divided too many times.  We will have to limit the number of
women you can effectively take care of very soon.  If Hannah's sister Donna
comes into the fold and then possibly Beatrice it will have to stop there.  If
you disagree then tell me.  But I feel that there will be too many diverse
personalities and people for you and I to manage effectively. Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to be the most popular girl on campus?  Well,
angel, now you are.  Bask in the glory. I told you earlier today that I am
starting a novella about our relationship this year.  Since I have saved every
letter received and sent I am just including them in order so a reader can see
how wondrous this all is. Just to let you know there have been almost 125
letters so far since January 6.  It might be a full novel before it is over.  I
am doing it chapter wise by month.  I think you will love it and you definitely
deserve a record of this, which is so incredible I have never read anything like
it.  No one reading it could possibly believe that it is true and then seeing
all our honesty and love, how could they believe it is anything but? Thank you
so much for making me part of your life.

Sasha

Saturday Feb 15

Well Sasha, So many questions. Ill paste them in and answer them in turn what I
look like - well I am unquestionably cute, everyone tells me so. I'm 5'8", 8 st
10, 34b 24, 32, size 10, dyed hair (but who doesn't). Your experiences, your
needs and desires. - I have been sexually active since I was about 12, teasing
boys mostly, I developed early you see I have a boyfriend who I stay with
sometimes, and he must be about number 10? I have slept with two guys (just the
once on holiday) and I did play about with girlfriends when I was younger. I
have a healthy active sex life thanks. Do you consider yourself bisexual?  - I
guess so. I think we all are only some of us don't have the balls to admit it,
including me. Have you ever had any experiences with the world of dominance and
submission? - A bit of spanking, both ways, and I did have one b/f who
definitely liked me to lead. Sometimes I play submissive, sometimes not.  One
guy I knew (very briefly) did try a bondage thing with me. Pretty good too, He
tied my arms to the feet of a sofa and pretty well raped me, not that I
complained.  Would you like the same advice and assistance? - I guess so. And
what are your plans for the usage of angel?   - Well, if I have to trust you
then I will tell you the truth. I got hottest when I read about her taking pee
and licking assholes clean. So if I don't qualify for anything else maybe you
could just send her around for that? But really, I am just fascinated by her. 
She's a pretty little thing and to read about her and that I could have ridden
on her face like Hannah has, and Jo and Allison I have no doubt, is such a
shame. We were just sitting chatting when she could have been giving me a good
time instead. I didn't believe anyone could be that submissive yet she's smart
and funny too. I mean she isn't like a doormat or anything. You know what I
mean?

Where pics are concerned, I had a b/f who did some artistic stuff with me a
couple of years ago. I could get him to send one of those if you like? So, what
happens now?  Do I talk to Hannah? Can I go visit at least and see the slave sit
about naked?  Even that? Donna

Donna,

It is so good of you to have written back.  And thank you for telling me about
your experiences.  Yes, I would dearly love to see photos of you.  What would be
wonderful is if you had access to a digital camera and could take some photos of
the family for me.  It has been ages since I have seen angel. Knowing what I
know now about you I do think it would be quite correct for you to pay a visit
to the group.  After all, you are Hannah's sister.  They know now that you do
have an interest and understanding of their relationship so they can all act
openly around you.  I would go and use that time as a learning experience.  See
how they act and how they treat angel.  Feel free to emulate their actions and
use angel the way that they do within your own comfort levels.  If using angel
as a toilet slave fascinates you, by all means, try it.  It is a wonderful,
sensual feeling as well as a neat feeling of power you have over an individual. 
Remember that you are opening a Pandora's box of pleasures.  You will love it
and wish for more.  And that is both normal and fine.  While Hannah is your
sister I do not think that she has an interest in your sexually or to watch you
being pleasured.  For more sexual learning and watching I would look to Jo or
angel herself.  Angel, while the perfect submissive is quite experienced and it
is quite all right for you to let her pleasure you in ways that she thinks you
will enjoy.  Relax, lie back, and learn how wonderful another woman is.  Trust
me when I say that the sexual highs and feelings it can illicit are ones that
very few men can reproduce. So go into this with a totally open mind, dear
Donna.  I say this because minds are like parachutes.  They only work when open. 
Let yourself expand into something that will enhance your pleasure for the rest
of your life. And it goes without saying that I would love to hear all about it
and your feelings and thoughts.

Gook luck and welcome to the world!

Mistress Sasha

Monday February 17

Sasha,

That's quite some slave you lot have there. I have NEVER met anyone so
submissive, never known anything so keen to please.

Thanks for the toilet. very nice

Donna

Angel,   Almost 30 inches of snow here over the last two days.  Talk about a
winter wonderland. Did you get a chance to read what I sent you?   Sasha

Tuesday February 18

Mistress,

Miss J is being wonderful Mistress, and Miss Hannah, they are so free in
enjoying life at the moment, and all weekend in the flat, Miss A has either had
her ruler with her and she has used it on my tits, cunt, bottom and thighs at
various times, or she has had her finger at my bottom.  She is never vicious
with it; she just sort of flicks it on me most of the time.  Once she called her
mom into the kitchen when she had be bending over a stool, and she told her to
watch and she swatted my bottom really quite hard with the ruler, and she showed
her mom that my bottom goes white then red where the ruler struck.  Twice over
the weekend she has taken me into her room and allowed me to pleasure her, with
my fingers.  She kisses me when I have pleased her Mistress.

On Friday night I went swimming with Miss J and Miss A.  I wore the costume that
Miss J had bought for me.  Most of the women in there (there were about 10 I
think) were older women so I didn't feel quite so exposed, though I know that I
was.  Have I told you about the bikini?  I can't remember.  But it is a
two-piece, and the top is a string around my chest, with two triangles of
fabric, about 3" wide, maybe less, 2", and a tie neck halter string, and the
bottom is very brief.  It doesn't cover my bottom, it sort of sits on it, if you
understand.  Sorry I'm not very good at describing it.  But the sides of my
bottom are exposed anyway.   It would have been worse had there been some more
younger women, of my own age say, in there, and it was worrying while I was
changing.  It was exciting not knowing who might see me like that, but aside
from the pool attendant who was quite young, only Miss A and Miss J was under 50
I think.  Miss A kept telling me to get out of the water and stroll around to
another ladder every now and then, and sometimes she put her hand into my
panties and fondled me and pinched my bottom in the pool.    Once she threatened
to me with making me take my bikini bottoms off, but she didn't, she did once
pull the bottom of my bikini down under the cheeks of my bottom and made me swim
a length like that.  I had to keep on the opposite side of the pool to the
assistant's chair.

I told them about Beatrice.  No details, just that someone in the office had
suggested that I dress more casually, and they asked what I meant, and  I said I
thought that my skirts might appear too long, and Miss A agreed.  She said they
looked like 'granny' skirts.  Miss A spent some time on Sunday morning with her
father.  While she was gone I mentioned to  Miss J and Miss Hannah about us
moving to one house, and even that you had suggested they might like to have a
dungeon, and Miss Hannah suggested that we could do that already with the small
room in my flat.  There is a room which is just about big enough to get a bed
in, but that's all.  At the moment I think it has just my suitcases in there and
my guitar. They were both of the opinion that maybe we would look to moving when
'things had proven themselves' and settled down.  I also mentioned about the
contract, and both of Miss Jo and Miss Hannah were really pleased when I told
them that I would happily show my commitment to them by signing everything over
to them, and that I would happily beg them to own me and everything about me. 
They both hugged me and then Miss Hannah pulled at my nipples while I sat on her
lap and she told me that I was wonderful.  I was so happy Mistress, and I'm sure
they were.

On Saturday night I was due to sleep with Miss Hannah, but Miss J asked if she
might prepare me and Miss Hannah was delighted, and so Miss J took me
downstairs.  She went to tie me but I asked if I might pee first, and she took
me to the bathroom and she lad me lay on my back in the bath and try to pee on
myself, and while I peed she had her hand at her pussy.  When I'd done she told
me to shower quickly, then she put me onto the bed and she tied my hands to the
bed head, and she stripped and sat on my face and rubbed herself on my face and
tongue until she came. She kept saying, "Suck me" over and over as she came. 
She is really enjoying me serve her now I think, she is much more open, and then
she just dressed and said "we'll be back" and left me with her cum on my face. 
She came back with Miss Hannah and they were talking about fisting, and Miss
Hannah showed Miss J how to shape her hand, and then Miss J fisted me, very
gently (though it still hurt) and she was so pleased, I could see it in her
face.  I was gasping with the sensation of it, she just kept moving her hand in
and almost out of my cunt until I came.  Miss Hannah was holding my one leg and 
Miss J sitting on the other so that my cunt was so open and I couldn't move. 
Miss J took her hand out long after I had cum, and then Miss Hannah asked me if
I wanted her to do it too, and I said yes please Miss because I could tell she
wanted to, and I do so love to make her happy, and she did, but more forcefully,
but I was really wet so she did slide in fairly easily, and she showed Miss J
how far it could go in me, and they were just looking at my cunt all open like
that and I came again, just so completely, with the feeling of her hand
stretching my cunt open and them both looking at my bare cunt as her hand was in
me, and my orgasm was magnificent Mistress.  Then she kissed me, they both
kissed me, and Miss Hannah said that I tasted sweet and she smiled at Miss J and
she blushed.     Miss J left just after that, and Miss Hannah asked me if I was
happy, and I said that I was and she kissed me all over my face and my breasts
then she sat on my face and had me lick her bottom and her lovely pussy until
she came, and she left me tied, peed into me, and left me tied when she went to
sleep.  Normally after I have been used as a toilet I clean my teeth but I
couldn't.  I must have had an awful smell about me, but she did kiss me before
she fell asleep, holding my breast, almost lying across me.  I lay awake for a
while just thinking of her and wishing I could hug her, but then I realized that
sometimes its not my place, and I just fell asleep thinking how wonderful
everything was.  Lying there tied to the bed and my lover and Miss against me.

She woke me by slapping my pussy and told me she needed to pee, then she untied
me and took me to the bathroom, and she used the toilet and had me clean her
bottom, then she and I showered together.  We must have been in there a long
time, and eventually Miss J came into the bathroom and told us that Miss A had
gone, and she just sat on the closed loo and watched us for a while. 

Mistress, in one of your mails late mast week you mused about them needing
another sub.  It's worried me a little.  Do you think they want someone else?  I
know it's not my place to query it really Mistress, but I wondered if any of
them has said anything?  Am I failing to please them at all?  I really thought
that they were happy with me.  I just want to know so that I may get better, and
not disappoint them. Please.

Donna has sort of shown that she just wants to degrade me, in both what she has
said and done this weekend.  She obviously doesn't want to meet  Miss Jo or Miss
A because she phones Miss Hannah before coming around, and then when she is here
she just uses me as a toilet and calls me names.  Miss Hannah says that she is
pleased with me though.  Maybe it just doesn't show.  I don't mind her using me
as a toilet of course Mistress, if it pleases her.  On Saturday she called in on
her way out and apparently left her boyfriend in the car.  She called Miss
Hannah on her mobile and she met us downstairs in our flat and she just took me
to the toilet and asked how people peed into me, and then she lifted her dress
and pulled down her panties and asked me if I want to drink her pee, and  I said
yes Miss, if you want me to, but then she almost snapped at me that she wanted
to hear me ask her, so I asked her if I could please drink her pee, and she made
me repeat it more pleefully, then she said that I just wanted to get my face
near to her cunt, and she asked me if that wasn't the truth, and I said it was,
then she looked around and told me to get in the shower, then kneel down, and
she said one day you might be allowed to touch my pussy but you're not deserving
enough yet, and she said that I has to catch as much of her pee as I could, or I
would be punished, and she pulled her pussy open and started to pee and I did
catch quite a lot Mistress, but it's difficult to really, and she said she
wasn't pleased with me. Then she told me to shower off, then she bent over the
washbasin and told me to come out of the shower and lick her asshole, and she
kept telling me to put my tongue right in, and I did Mistress, but she just kept
saying that it wasn't far enough.  Eventually she stood and put on her panties
and told me to stay where I was.  Miss Hannah came in for me when she had gone
and we went back upstairs and Miss Hannah was really pleased.  She was all
excited when she told Miss J, and she said "wasn't it just awesome to show me
around like this".   Later, Miss Hannah asked me if I was happy with Donna, and
I told her that although it was wonderful to see Donna like that, she is very
lovely, I thought she didn't really like me, but Miss Hannah said she was
delighted with me, and that she was going to come back whenever she was passing
to use 'the slave toilet', and she asked me if I didn't' agree with her that
that was a nice name for me.  Then she went on and on as to how great it was to
have me to share about like this, and she really was pleased, and so I became
pleased too, but I hadn't been that happy really.   Now I am ok though.  Donna
came around on Sunday afternoon too, and it was almost the same, except that as
soon as she got in she just pulled me into the loo and she sat and did a poo,
and a bit of a wee, then she just stood and bent over the basin and told me to
clean her.  I went to get a paper towel, like I do with Miss Hannah, (I usually
use a paper towel first, just one, and then clean her bottom with my tongue) but
Donna, she told me to do it with my mouth, and she looked at me over her
shoulder and I pulled her cheeks apart and licked her bottom clean.  Mistress,
even just writing that makes me excited.  She has a lovely body Mistress and
even just being allowed to lick her bottom clean is, well, it is special
Mistress, just as it is when I do it for Miss Hannah.   Donna just kept saying
that I was disgusting, and that I was gross while I licked her clean.  Then she
told me to wash my face, and then she put me into the shower and like before she
told me to catch her pee, and she teased me with that one day I might be allowed
to kiss her pussy.  When she had done, she told me to tell her how much I wanted
to kiss her pussy, and drink her direct from her cunt, and I told her that I
would love to but she kept telling me to say it like I meant it, three or four
times.  Then she told me to stay there, in the 'pool of piss' and wait for 
Hannah.  When she came in Miss Hannah looked so pleased and she told me to
shower, and we made love before going back upstairs.

With reference to your history of what has happened, I will love to read your
version of what has happened to me over these weeks Mistress.   You have such a
way in the way you write Mistress.  And the way you talk to people.  It will be
like reliving it all Mistress, if I am allowed to read it of course.

I thought about what you said about Beatrice, and about how I must see how it
progresses, and I decided to just see what happens rather than prompt anything. 
All she has done today aside from just chatting to me normally in the outer
office is to call me in at about 4:00 and she told me to close the door. She
said that I mustn't worry and that I know that no one will just walk in when the
door is closed, so I can be a tease and she asked me to come around to her side
of the desk.  She said that she thought I was going to dress more casually for
her, and I explained that I only had a denim mini, and that it wasn't that
short, and I stood closer to her and said that I was sorry, then she put her
hand on the back of my thigh, and said "Don't worry" and she stroked up and down
my thigh through my skirt, almost to my bottom.  She said; "It would just be
nice to have a little tease now and again don't you think", I said yes, and she
said "You don't mind me touching you like this do you" and I said that I didn't,
that it was flattering, and she said "Exactly" and she moved her hand higher and
stroked my bottom, and she carried on stroking my bottom while she told me to
get the new training sessions arranged, and just talked about business, and all
the time she just stroked my bottom and my thigh.  Occasionally, as I leant over
the reports I swear she was trying to look down my shirt too.  Maybe she is just
a female version of the letches I have had to deal with for so long in XXXXXX. 
I don't mind her letching over me though.  Of course, when she'd done she just
patted my bottom and she just said "No one needs to know what a little tease you
are do they?" and I said no, please don't tell anyone, and she said she wouldn't
if I didn't and she was sure that even Hannah doesn't need to know, and I said I
wouldn't tell anyone.  She said "Good girl" and that I should go.

I have just tried to get into my mail, to see if you have written, but
apparently our Internet connection is down at the moment.  I will try again
before I go and send you this.  You know, I have just looked at how much I have
written, and I do wonder if bore you sometimes with what  I write.  Please
forgive me if I do Mistress.  I am sorry.

It's now Tuesday morning, Mistress; I will try to send this soon.  I just wanted
to tell you that yesterday Miss Hannah asked her sister to bring around some
short skirts for me and she came around last night with them.  Most were too
loose on me, but two fitted, just about, and today Miss A dressed me in one
which is just above my knee when I stand, and there is a short slit in the
front, about 4".  It's black, so it doesn't look too out of place with what I
normally have worn, except for it being so short (usually my skirts are below
the knee).  I have not seen Beatrice yet today but she should be pleased. Before
I left this morning, Miss A was playing about with the skirt and she managed to
pull it down right over my hips without undoing it, until it showed my mons.  I
did ask if I might wear panties under it but Miss A and Miss Hannah forbad it.  
I just wonder what Beatrice might say if she discovers I don't wear panties?

I have a meeting this morning Mistress, so I will send this now.  I am sorry but
I appear to have gone on a bit today.

Thank you Mistress

Angel

x - with a slaves love

I have seen what you wrote about our January, thank you xxxxxxxxx

Mistress

Sorry that I am writing to you again so soon, but I have read through   some of
the 'memoir' and it will be lovely to have that to look at in years to come, and
to see how all this started, if indeed it is all still going then, which I hope
it will be.  There are times when I can't believe some of the things I've done,
like when you had me lift my skirt that first time in the warehouse and Miss
Hannah looked at my pubes and my bottom.  There is just no way that that could
ever have happened without you being there.  You just have a way of introducing
possibilities and of gauging people that I don't have.

I am trying with Beatrice though Mistress.  She wants me to be a flirt and so
today I went into her room before our meeting with a supplier this morning and
sat on one of her visitors chairs and crossed my legs, completely in the
knowledge that she could see my thigh, and she looked at my thigh, and I moved
deliberately in my chair and didn't pull my skirt down again, while I told her
about the ranges and all the time she was looking at my legs, almost casually or
even furtively.  I hadn't closed the door because we only had a minute before
going to our meeting but no one could see me as the doorway was behind me.  When
it was time to go she came around the desk and I stood and she said that I do
have nice legs and that they shouldn't be hidden.  She is still in the meeting -
they were talking about another division, but as I left she said that we would
need to get together later in the day and for me to make sure I had a window.  

I have had years and years of men trying to see down my blouses, and all those
casual touches on my bottom or my knee and each time I felt horrid about it, but
now this is different.  I know she is seeing me in just the same way that they
did, just as a 'bit of fluff' or whatever, but I just don't mind, and its even
fun if I am honest with myself.

I wondered if I should undo a button on my blouse when I go in to her later. 
God I am such a flirt.  I don't suppose I will though, unless she says
something.

I should go. I do have work to do, boo hoo.  Oh, one thing that I forgot to tell
you about was Miss Hannah's birthday 'party'.  Last night Miss Jo, Miss A and I
all gave Miss Hannah her cards, and Miss Jo and Miss A gave her a Tatu CD (she
has mentioned them over and over recently), and I had picked up the bouquet of
flowers for her on my way from work.   She was really happy, and Miss Jo had
bought a small cake and some wine and Breezers (Miss Hannah's favorite drink). 
Miss Donna interrupted the party when she bought the skirts around for me, and
she had a card and top for Miss Hannah.  That was the first time she had met
Miss  J and Miss A and they all seemed to get on ok but while she was here no
one touched me except Miss Hannah, and then they took me downstairs for her to
go to the toilet.  Anyway, I think Miss Hannah was happy with her birthday.

angel  xxx

Angel,

I am so glad everything is going well for you.  And I am glad Jo and Hannah is
considering a house down the road.  We will worry about a contract at that time.
As for Donna.  She doesn't yet fully understand the dynamics of what you all are
doing and how you feel about each other.  She still is satisfied by her
boyfriend and uses this, as a diversion in what she feels is a more perverted
sense.  Don't be ashamed.  Some people look at these things differently at
first.  Right now she enjoys using you.  She does like you and likes what she is
doing and definitely wants to continue.  Suffice it to say that Donna is
providing some humiliation that you need.  As much as all the ladies love you
and seeing as how new they all are still to this, they are very hesitant to
provide you some painful outlets.  Donna probably would do it but it is not her
place to do so.  I don't think Donna will become part of the family like the
rest but will continue to stop by to use you.  It might grow from there but only
time will tell. Beatrice is very interested in you.  She still thinks that what
she is doing and the liberty she is taking is somehow causing you to cheat on
Hannah.  That is why she is so secretive.  Is she married or single?  If she
were single that would be great.  She comes across an awful lot like Jo did in
the very beginning though Beatrice might have more experience or stronger bi
leanings.  Tell Beatrice that you would like her to also dress in a more casual
fashion so you can peek at her charms also.  Eventually you will have to clue
her in that is o.k. For her to have an interest in you and to also tell her
little hints about your relationship.  Maybe invite her to go out with Hannah
and yourself. Glad you liked your January history.  Please remember that you
wrote half of it, Angel.  It is your new life's story. Now go masturbate for
your Mistress...

Sasha   I wonder when A is going to let your face between her pretty legs,
Angel.  Neither you nor I can wait.

Wednesday Feb 19

Dearest Hannah,

I did want to send you a note wishing you a most happy birthday.  Things have
been rather crazy here because we had two feet of snow over the weekend. But no,
I didn't forget.  And I am hoping that you are continuing to enjoy my gift to
you on a daily basis and will continue to do so for the rest of your life. I
have corresponded a few times with your sister.  It is interesting because she
seems to like the outlet angel provides her to act in a "disgusting" (her words)
manner.  I do not think that she will ever see or appreciate the beauty of the
relationship that you ladies have entered into.  She still likes her boyfriend
but wishes to continue to use angel and humiliate her. One thing I should
discuss with you that is along these lines.  Something that you and Jo should
realize is that it is quite all right to humiliate angel and give her pain. 
Whippings, pinching, and the like can be given as a sign of love, dear.  The
same thing with humiliation.  Believe me, angel craves it.  It is one of those
situations where she will love you all the more if you do it because she
considers it a reward.  If her bottom and upper thighs are striped and bruised
by you ladies, she will feel your love whenever she sits down and feel like she
has done well to receive these.  Allison must understand that this is being done
out of love and that angel loves getting it.  As far as humiliation goes, try
the following: when you ladies all sit down to a meal that angel has prepared,
clear off the center of the table.  Have angel kneel on the table with her rear
up high and her head down low.  Stick a candle into her ass and light it so that
you, Jo, and Allison can have dinner by candlelight.  This is humiliation.  And
the hot wax dripping on Angel's rear is also very nice.  But have your dinner. 
Ignore her.  She is a candelabra, a fixture.  Put an apple in her mouth if you
desire.  I have mentioned to you a few times that angel really needs a butt
plug.  She should be wearing this 24/7 except when you ladies remove it once a
day for her toilet.  This is humiliation.  I have also recommended a chastity
device to close off her access to her own sex.  She will have to beg to touch
herself or to pee. But the key, Hannah, is to not let her go to the bathroom
when she asks you.  Make her hold it.  And make her drinks lots of fluids also. 
If she can't pee because of a locked belt or because you all will not let her,
she will feel more about being a slave.  When she really has to go very badly,
sit her in the bathroom and let her listen to the water run into the sink or
tub.  Subtle torture, dear Hannah, subtle torture. Another item I would like for
you ladies to incorporate into your lives is to, from now on, because angel is
now holding your candle during meals, how should she eat?  I would recommend
that you acquire two metal dog dishes for her and let her eat leftover scraps
from these after you ladies have finished on her hands and knees on the floor. 
And of course, she would not be allowed to use her hands while eating.  And you
might also, at times, wish to pee into her food before she eats.  You may also
wish to pet her, spank, or whip her while she eats.  What would also be
delicious to try would be to get a cat's litter box for her for her to relieve
herself into when given proper permission.  After all, should a maidservant/pet
be permitted to use the toilet her Mistresses use? You can do all these things
and more, dearest Hannah, and not worry about angel taking it the wrong way. She
will appreciate the extra thought and attentions you all will be showing her. 
All this can be done with love uppermost in your minds.  It's all part of
learning how to dominate and exploring how far your slave is willing and able to
go for you.  I think you will be rather pleased when you see how dedicated angel
is to all of you.

Mistress

Angel,

Well, the blizzard is over here but the capital of the free world is almost
closed due to snow removal problems. I wrote Hannah today, as you know.  I am
trying to get her to incorporate more punishments and humiliation into your
life.  I know that you need these in your life. I am trying to explain to Hannah
that doing these things to you in no way reflect on your alls love for each
other and it is something you need.  It is also a good way to determine if all
of them are moving in a direction compatible with you signing yourself over to
them in a formal contract.  As much as you want this, my love, you must remember
that all parties involved must be willing and cognizant of their
responsibilities such a contract entails. You must serve their needs as you have
been but they must also be ready, willing, and able to serve yours fully.
Contracts work both ways.  So much responsibility is on the Dommes.  Testing
them by having them add more into your life is a good way to test the waters. 
Education is something that must never end for them as well as you. Sitting here
looking at all the snow makes me wish that you and I were watching it together
from a ski lodge Jacuzzi in St. Moritz or Garmish PK. Dearest, I do want you to
take some initiative and get some of the toys I mentioned several weeks ago. 
And I want you to start using them.  Especially the butt plug.  An enema bag
with nozzle and the strap on dildo are also very important.  Nipple clamps also. 
Remember that your Mistresses probably have never really explored the world of
toys.  They might feel uncomfortable browsing.  Please feel free to acquire them
yourself.  You are doing this at my direction if asked.  When they see your
bottom filled 24/7 by a plug and ask, you are doing this for me.  You and I have
to work together to help train them and expose them to new things.  They will
see how you like and use these items.  They can see how right they are to have. 
The strap on dildo will be very popular in your household, dear.  They will be
lining up to use it on you and each other after they find out how good it is. 
And the good thing is that you are doing nothing on your own, angel.  You are
doing all this for me. I am glad Jo enjoyed fisting you.  How does it feel to
look down and see your pussy clamped down on her wrist? You do know that enema
bag and butt plugs are ways to train you to be fisted in that last, most private
and impossible place?  I know that reading this sends a shiver down your spine. 
But being a slave gives one many things to aspire to, doesn't it?  You will do
as wonderfully as always, angel.  I know that and love you for it. And what has
happened with Beatrice?  Have you shown her your puss yet?  I will need a little
more input from you to see how to handle her desires.  Please answer my
questions from my last letter.

I love you and know you are always kneeling at my feet.

Sasha

Friday, Feb 21

Mistress

I am so sorry that I have not written recently but Beatrice wants me to be close
to her almost all of the time over the past two days.  She discovered that I
don't wear panties on Wednesday, she put her hand up the back of my skirt and
got to my bottom and she said nothing but she just sat and stroked my bottom and
my thighs while I stood at the side of her.  Now she has come to unbuttoning my
shirt, yesterday afternoon she undid nearly every button and then just told me
to get on with my work on her PC, so I had to stand at the side of her and
answer my mails and work while she fondled me, even when she was on the phone
she was touching me.  I'm sure that yesterday she was even playing with the
string on my tampon!  Anyway Mistress I am sorry.  Incidentally, she told me
"You can't imagine how nice it is for an old woman like me to have someone young
to touch", then I told her that she wasn't that old, and she told me that she is
57, but I would never have guessed.  She is married, but her husband works in
the city and he stays there during the week.

She isn't in yet but she will be pleased.  Miss Jo shortened this skirt so now
it is 4 inches above my knees.  She must have taken 4 inches off  I'm sure.

There is so much to tell you Mistress.  I don't know where to start.  At home,
Miss Jo and Miss Hannah have become much more serious, especially over the past
2 days, since you wrote to Miss Hannah.  Over the past two days they have left
my hands tied behind my back most of the time, and Miss Jo told me that when my
hands were not tied and I wasn't needed to use them then I must clasp them
together and put them on my head.   They asked Miss Allison to take me in her
room when Miss Hannah started to read your note on the Sharp, and Miss Allison
strapped me on my cunt with her ruler until I came, then she untied my hands and
she had me touch her to orgasm.  Now they don't use the ruler so much, but Miss
Jo found a sharpening strap, which her husband used to use to sharpen carving
knives on.  It's about 14" by 3" and it feels as though it's made of a sort of
leather, with a handle at the end.

Miss Allison always spanks me or uses the ruler on me, and then she kisses me
and puts my hand on her pussy and allows me to get her to orgasm.

Yesterday my period started, and when I got back home I learned that  Miss
Hannah's had started as well.  She had me change her tampon for her when we went
to bed.  She is much heavier than I in her period, but she still desired me!!
And she let me kiss her clitoris until she came for me, even though she had a
tampon in.  We fell asleep in each other's arms, with Miss Jo watching.  She had
come down to use me, as her toilet before she went to bed, but she sat on the
bed afterwards at the side of me, and she was still there when Miss Hannah fell
asleep, then she went upstairs.

When I came out from Miss Allison's room on Wednesday, they had decided that
they need to set up the box room in the downstairs flat.  They took me down
there and made me clear it, and then Miss Jo put my footstool in there, its
about 10" high 18" long 10" wide and covered in red velvet.   They tied my hands
behind my back again and put me on the floor over the stool, then Miss Jo
remembered the strap and she left to get it.   Miss Hannah got on her knees and
told me she loves me, and asked me if I loved her and I told her that I did, and
she told me to remember that I do have a word if I don't like anything.  Miss Jo
came back and they talked about the strap but I couldn't see it, then they
talked about who should do it first and eventually it was Miss Hannah, and she
said that I have such a beautiful little bottom, and then she slapped me with
the strap, not very hard, and I said "Thank You Miss" and she did it again,
harder and I thanked her again, and she told me to be quiet and she hit me
harder three or four times, then she stopped.  It really stung Mistress, but
with a more overall sting not at all like the ruler, more like a hand Mistress. 
Then Miss Jo used it on me, and it really started to hurt and I started to cry
but I was so aroused too, and Miss Hannah heard me whimper or maybe gasp in
excitement and they were both worried and Miss Jo stopped and Miss Hannah asked
me if I was ok, and I could hardly speak, but I managed to say Yes Thank You
Miss, and then she asked me if I was getting excited, and I said "Yes" and
"Sorry Miss" and she took the strap and she strapped me and strapped me until I
was crying and I came, I don't know how many times she strapped me, but it felt
like dozens.  When she stopped I was shattered and she lifted my face and she
said I was wonderful and she and Miss Jo lifted me up under my arms and sat me
on the floor and I winced but they left me like that and Miss Jo started to play
with my nipples, and she pulled and pinched at them.   All this time my hands
were still tied behind my back. Miss Hannah's phone went and it was Donna.  Miss
Hannah let her in and  Miss Donna took me away to the toilet, and she said to
them that it was best I was tied up, in case I got tempted to touch her, she
said she didn't want me touching her Mistress.

Miss Donna has been around each day, just to use me, and she still has me lick
her bottom clean Mistress.  On Wednesday she did a poo and she had me clean her
with my tongue again.  Last night she didn't poo but she still had me lick her
bottom and put my tongue as deep into her anus as I could and she said that I
must wish there was some shit for me to lick, and she asked me if I was sad that
there wasn't any shit for me to eat.   I didn't know what to say and she got
cross with me and told me to tell her that I like licking her shit-covered ass,
and I said "Yes I do  Miss" but I didn't really mean it Mistress.  I really
don't think she likes me but she does like to humiliate me.  Last night she said
that they all should just leave me tied in the toilet and use me in turn, 'like
a public loo'.  I didn't think that was very nice, but Miss Hannah laughed and
said that they must do it.  Miss Donna must have spoken to Miss Hannah too,
because this morning when I went to get a tissue to clean Miss Hannah's bottom
after she had been, she said "We don't need that do we?" and I said "No Miss". 
If I clean Miss Donna without tissue then I don't mind doing it for My Miss
Hannah Mistress.  Anyway, I licked her bottom clean without tissue, that's what
I am trying to say.  And I imagine that's how it will be from now on.   Last
night, Miss Allison took me down to the punishment room (that's what they call
the box room now - they were talking about it when I got back from work last
night).  She put a straight back dining chair in there and sat on it and had me
across her and she spanked me with her hand then put her finger, then fingers
into me, into my bottom, then Miss Hannah came in.  They have decided that I
must decorate the room.  They are going to get some paint at the weekend and use
my body to paint the walls, with imprints of my tits and bottom all over the
walls.  They were both giggling and when I giggled Miss Hannah told me to bend
over and she spanked me really hard with her hand, then she stood me up and she
slapped my front with the strap, all over my tits and the front of my thighs and
my tummy.  I almost turned once Mistress, but I didn't.  Miss Jo Joined them
during this beating and she and Miss Allison just watched.

There are two other big things to tell you of Mistress.  First, last night, I
was due to go with Miss Jo for the night, but she invited Miss  Hannah to join
us rather than her going downstairs, and they both undressed.  Miss Hannah took
me to the toilet and used me then untied me and got me to change her tampon.
Miss Jo was in bed when we got back, and Miss Jo pulled back the covers, put me
on the bed with my face at Miss  Jo's pussy and she lie on the bed next to her,
and let me lick them in turn Mistress.  When I had gotten Miss Jo excited and
almost to cum Miss Hannah pulled my head by my hair to her pussy, and I had to
climb across their legs to Miss Hannah's pussy and sucked and licked Miss
Hannah.   She was laughing at first at stopping Miss Jo from getting to orgasm,
then Miss Jo did the same to Miss Hannah when she was obviously about to cum. 
She pulled me across to her pussy.  I just so wanted them to cum.   Eventually,
after this happened about three times, Miss Jo said that she had to cum, and
Miss Hannah stroked her breasts and she came all over my face and it was so
beautiful, then she lifted my head, moved her leg and put me at Miss Hannah's
pussy and I kissed and licked and sucked her clitoris until she came, and there
were traces of blood over her thighs from her period, but it didn't taste of
anything, and when she came she and Miss Jo were kissing.  Mistress, it was
wonderful.  Miss Hannah came then she and Miss Jo hugged each other and I just
kissed Miss Hannah's pussy and thighs.  I was so happy.  Miss Hannah said she
had to pee and I put me lips ready and she peed into me.  At first I was not
sure about Miss Jo seeing it, seeing me take pee like that, but Miss Jo actually
leant up and watched, and she was smiling when Miss Hannah had finished, then
Miss Jo told me to go and wash and to bring a flBeatriceel to wash Miss Hannah. 
When I got back, Miss Hannah told me to clean her with my tongue first, and I
did, then she told me to use the flBeatriceel.   When I'd come back from taking
the things back to the bathroom, Miss Jo told me to get in the middle, and we
all cuddled up, and fell asleep.  Miss Jo woke me in the night and used me
rather than going to the toilet, and I went to get back up the bed, but she
whispered to me to stay down at her pussy, so I softly kissed her and after a
long while she came softly and so beautifully, and she patted my head, turned
over and placed my face at her bottom and I licked her bottom.  I gently pulled
her cheeks apart and kissed her, and after a while I realized that she just fell
asleep.

I was just interrupted by Beatrice Mistress while I was writing this.  I came in
early this morning, I took a lift from Miss Hannah and she dropped me off here
so I could write to you.  Beatrice has just got in though, and on her way
through she called me to go in.  She wants me to attend all of next week's
conference with her.  I was due to go on Tuesday night through to Thursday
morning but now she wants me there for some meetings before and for the trade
show afterwards, on Thursday.  Miss Hannah and Miss Jo won't be pleased.  They
were ok about me being away for just 2 nights. But I cant really say no, she
actually wants me for the meetings because I have been liaising with the two
firms involved, and she wants me at the trade show because she wants my input. 
I have to admit that it didn't seem right that I wasn't going to the trade show,
but now she wants me to go I almost wish I didn't have to go.

While she told me about next week, she undid some of the buttons of my blouse
and pulled my shirt quite open.  My tits were not completely exposed, but as I
moved she could see them, I know.  She asked me to do the agendas for the
meetings next week and I went to go, but she said for me to do it there on her
PC, and she turned her chair to face me and she watched me, with my shirt open,
standing there typing.  She is treating me like a secretary!  When I'd done, she
leant forward and put her hand under my skirt and stroked my thigh and up over
my hip while she looked at the agenda's on the screen, and she said "Good girl,
now do yourself up you little flirt", When I got to the door she told me she
liked my skirt much better, and she turned to her desk and I've just come out. 
I fastened my shirt first of course I have really mixed emotions about Beatrice
over the past couple of days.  Its strange, she makes me feel really cheap, and
it both excites me and sort of makes me feel humiliated.  I know its nothing
like Miss Donna and what she does and says to me, but I still feel so cheap.

I was going to say Mistress, the other thing about the past couple of days is
that on Wednesday and last night, they put my food onto a plate and left my
hands tied and they put it my plate on the floor.  They told me to eat there. 
On Wednesday I thought it was a Joke because it was spaghetti Bolognese and it
was really hard to eat like that, but they did it again last night.  Also, last
night Miss Hannah told me to move away from my plate and she spat out a mouthful
of her dinner from her mouth onto my plate.  She said she had too much pepper on
it, but that I had to eat it.

After dinner they untied me to wash up, and while I did Miss Allison played with
my bottom.  She moved her chair to behind me and she pulled me so that my bottom
was jutting out towards her and she slapped the sides of my cheeks and poked me
and grabbed my cheeks.

Well, that's about everything Mistress.  I am sorry it is so disjointed, but a
lot has happened.  One last thing, Miss Jo has adjusted my swimming costume and
they had me try it on last night.  From the front to back it was 10 inches and
now its only 6 inches, she has cut some out of the crotch and joined it together
again, so now the front is very low over my mons and the bottom only covers
halfway up my bottom.  With the bra part she has gathered the bottom of the sort
of bra cup, so that now they are just strips, only about an inch wide at the
bottom and going to a point as they join the string.  Miss Allison also said
that when she used to go from school they had to change on the benches by the
lockers and she said that's where I should change.

I want to send this now in case Beatrice calls me in again.

I will write again if I can.  I am glad you survived your blizzards  Mistress.

Thank you Mistress

angel xxxxxxxx

Sasha Wow, we liked ur note!!!!!!!!!!!! And we have stared what Jo says is a
regime of abuse for our lovely slave.  Jo sends her love too, and I do. She just
told me to tell u that this is really lovely and decadent (if that's how to
spell it? she wont tell me, Lol don't tell stephie but tomorrow Jo is going to
try and get some clips from AS in XXXXford and see what else they have.  And Jo
has a sewing machine and this afternoon before she got home Jo shortened one of
Donna's skirts for tomorrow!!!  She's worn Donna's skirts for the past few days,
did Donna say?  Donna loves her too, really she does, Donna is not that showy
about her emotions that's all. During the weekend we are going to try to get
some of the other bits and pieces and Jo is going to adjust some of Allison's
old clothes for stephie to wear out. And she's done her bikini for Friday.

We are going to pee in her dinner at the weekend. Allison is staying away over
the weekend. Jo thinks it's best if Allison doesn't see it. Allison likes
spanking her; she's always at her ass or her tits with her ruler, and the strap
now!!!!!!!  Her bum the other night after a thrashing was red as a beet. Lovely.
Allison still undresses her and dresses her so she's a happy bunny, and she gets
to take her to her room now and then.

Might go round Donna's sometime to chat with u soon

Hannah & Jo

Angel,

This reply can't be long because I have a rather busy day ahead also.

First off, Donna does like you.  She likes you an awful lot.  She is just not so
good at showing it.  Sometimes women who has promised themselves that they are
not going to become lesbians put on a harsher face than they should because they
are afraid of letting their feelings out. And if she (or the others) starts to
make you do things, like in the toilet) that you are uncomfortable with, please
tell Hannah and behavior will be modified.  Their wishes and your happiness must
meet equally and they know this.  It is safe to say that some things you all try
might not be right.  But one would never have known unless one has tried. As for
Beatrice, I do miss hearing from you so often.  First off, since she is not part
o the group and I have not written her, you are not her sub.  You do not have to
act that way if you don't wish to.  You might not want to because she is your
boss.  It would appear that she wishes to have a nice quiet affair with you on
the side.  Please realize that the more time you spend with her, the more the
others in your office will realize it and start to talk.  You do have a
reputation to uphold.  And Beatrice obviously wishes you to be her girl-toy
during your trade show meeting.  Hannah and Jo deserve to know this.  I do think
that, with all you are doing for Beatrice, that Beatrice providing you a very
nice raise would be appropriate, don't you?  After all, you are taking a risk
and, like you said, feeling a little cheap.  Please tell me if you like this
feeling or if you wish the relationship with Beatrice to be modified.  And if
modification is necessary, please tell me the direction you would wish it to go. 
You have to decide how you wish to continue with Beatrice.  Should she be taken
into the fold or is this something that Jo and Hannah will allow you to continue
privately.  She has the advantage that she is married but has her entire week
free.  She might be a candidate if you wish her to be let in.  Either way, you
deserve more money for extra "services" above and beyond provided to your boss. 
This is one of those office relationships that, played correctly, should advance
you in the company depending on Beatrice's position. Do you like eating off the
floor, angel?  Do you like the extra pain and humiliation provided you by your
Mistresses?  You, of course, may tell me anything.  I thought that you might
need a little more of both from them to make you feel totally fulfilled.  I hope
you are enjoying. I do love you, dear.  And I will try to write you more and
reply to Hannah in a few hours.

Mistress

Mistress,

Thank you for your note, and for your offer of confidentiality, but I want, no I
need you to know that anything I tell you is in your domain.  It is your right
to know that you may forward anything that I tell you to whomever you wish.  But
you do know that don't you Mistress.  You know you have absolute right to do use
it however you see fit.

As for Beatrice Mistress, the reason I have resisted telling anyone at home
about her is that I really don't want her to become part of the 'group'.   I
really don't think she would fit in, and the fact that she is a  Director of our
Company I think would affect how she and Miss Hannah would act.  But, having
said that, I am going to tell them that she touches me.   It is right that they
should know, and I will tell them whatever they ask me about it Mistress.  It
was wrong of me to not have told them, I know that now.

I have thought about whether or not I do actually like what she does and how she
treats me, and Mistress I'm afraid that I do like it.   Mistress, she is so
impersonal about it all, no affection (not explicit anyway) and yet she feels
she has the right to stare so blatantly at me, at my legs and down my shirt, and
she touches me just so casually.   Mistress I love it.  Though it is so
relatively tame, compared with my  Mistresses and Miss Donna, but I love that
she feels the right to use me, even to do relatively menial tasks while she
watches.  As for her taking up my time, just before lunch she asked me in, and I
went in, but I told her that I just had to complete something and I asked her if
I might come in later when I'd finished, and she said of course, work comes
first.   Mistress, I do like how she treats me.

The same is true of Miss Donna Mistress.  I am sorry and I really feel that I
shouldn't be saying this but I do love how she degrades me to being just a
toilet Mistress.  Again, she is impersonal about it and more than that she makes
me know that what I do for her is disgusting, and I know that in the vanilla
world it is, but I have become used to it, used to licking her bottom clean
Mistress.  Is that awful?  I know it may be, but now Miss Hannah wishes me to
clean her the same way then it is only a taste Mistress, and they always allow
me to clean my mouth and teeth immediately afterwards Mistress.  It's not like
with the pee  Mistress, where she has left me kneeling in a pool of her urine
for Miss Hannah to see.   It is true Mistress, that the first time she did it I
was disgusted with myself, for doing it, and for the feeling of actually liking
being in that position, being that low.  And now I know I sound quite
disgusting, but it is true Mistress.  I did feel all that, I know that now.  It
is something I never thought I would do, not even in nightmares have I ever
thought of doing that Mistress.  But now, it is a service it is a way that I am
useful and degraded.  And Mistress, I do know that to be true to myself there
must be some things I do which are not going to give me pleasure.  There have to
be things that I do not wish to do; inside of me I know that they have to be
there for me to be complete in whom I am.  Do you understand Mistress?  If
anyone will feel it it is you.  I do so hope you do.

With reference to Miss Jo and Miss Hannah, Mistress, they are wonderful,
especially over the past few days Mistress.  And I do know that it is from your
guidance.  I saw how things changed following your note to them.  Thank you
Mistress xxxxxxxxx

They have grown in affection for each other too, both physically and
emotionally, over the last week, and especially in the past 2 days.  But, it has
not affected how they express their love of me.  They each still tell me how
they love me, even this morning, they each kissed me, and told me how they love
me, and love who I am. 

As for how things have been since your note.  It is right that I shouldn't eat
with them. I know that.  I had thought myself above my role, but now I know and
understand, and I feel better, a better slave, for it Mistress.  They now appear
to realize that I am less than they are in the order of things, though it does
not affect how I love them, and doesn't appear to affect how they appear to love
me.  Indeed, it is almost more love, that they respect me and trust me enough to
degrade my position like this. 

Mistress, I am so very happy.

And they are much more physical with me Mistress, pulling my hair to move me,
and pulling at my nipples quite viciously, and yet with a smile as they watch
me.  And the strap, Mistress, I didn't tell you before, but when Miss Hannah was
trying to get me to cum from being strapped I looked and saw Miss Jo in the
corner of my eye and she was touching her pussy, albeit through her jeans
Mistress. 

She was excited at my being punished, and that helped me to cum, to know that. 
And Miss Hannah is so comfortable with me that she has me change her tampon
Mistress.  Even that.  Oh Mistress, its wonderful.

I still have confusions Mistress.  I'm sorry but I do.  Like this evening ... I
tried my bikini on last night for them and there is almost nothing of it now
that Miss Jo has altered it.  And, they want me to change out in the open, not a
cubicle.  I am so hesitant; no it's not just hesitant. I am scared that they
might have me change in front of strangers.  But the fear breeds excitement in
me Mistress.  I know its perverse but it is true.   I'm sorry but it's something
I can deny, neither to myself nor to you Mistress.

I am going to send this now Mistress, I feel that I have answered your queries,
at least I hope I have, and please forgive me if I have not. 

Thank you Mistress, for how you have developed this, and nurtured all of us.  I
will beg of Miss Hannah that she allow me to go to a chemist and buy an enema
bag and tools tomorrow Mistress, to please you.

With a slaves love and respect. angel xxxxxxx


Angel,

I do thank you for your letter.  And I do understand all the feelings you
expressed.  You are a very deep person with strong feelings and I respect you
for them.  It is all right for you to like what you are doing even though very
few people do them.  The key thing is that you do these things because you wish
to do them, you like to do them, and that you are doing them to please someone
you love.  Just don't be one of those people who needs to do those things just
to raise their self-esteem. When it come to these and other things, such as the
changing in public and what you are directed to wear while swimming, you must
just relax and realize that a dedicated slave's life is easy.  All you have to
do is close your mind and obey.  That is all.  With your will and dedication,
you will have fewer problems with it than most.  As long as you trust your
Mistresses and you and they trust me, as the Uber-Mistress, to do the right
things with you and also do things with you pleases us all, than you will be all
right.  Continue to do as you do so well, just obey. As for Beatrice.  Since you
say she is coldly impersonal is her dealing with you, it would appear that she
does have a strong dominant streak.  You two seem to have fallen into those
roles naturally.  It would appear that you are gaining a Mistress to control you
at your office in addition to the ones controlling all your other times.  This
is not a bad thing.  I do want your life totally controlled and have you
dedicate every hour to servitude in some way, shape, or form.  You want and need
this also. But I do feel very strongly that your new "special" position with
Beatrice should be reflected in your position and compensation with the company.
As to this upcoming trade show.  It would appear that Beatrice desires you for
the duration.  You need to sit down with Beatrice beforehand and ask her how she
expects you to dress and act during the show, both when in public and when alone
together.  Also ask her if you will be requiring a separate hotel room.  Her
answers will tell her how she expects not only that show but also future
relationships with her to go.  Then you and I will need to talk with her to
explain the dynamics of the relationship you are involved in and if she sees
herself fitting in an office time role.  But do think of your career, Angel. 
Think about how this can move it forward.  You have the talents.  Maybe this
will put you in a much better position so as to utilize them. And I do hope you
get the enema bag and toys this weekend.  I will explain to you and your
mistresses how I wish them used.  Trust me when I say that you will feel
humiliated, degraded, and uncomfortable.  Please also enter into discussions
with Jo and Hannah about you getting the piercing I require of you.  Your life
will be a lot better with nipples pierced, your clitoral hood pierced, and each
of your vaginal lips pierced as well.  And yes, there will be some pain involved
but pain given out of love and servitude is pleasure, right? Even though you are
being treated as is proper for your position, do remember that your weekly or
biweekly open discussions as a group must still continue.  Now more than ever
because this is your only chance to voice opinions in an open forum. Do me a
favor for your Mistresses.  Clean their toilet with your tongue.  Inside and
out.  Get it all shiny for them.  See how pleased they are with you then. Now go
masturbate for your most important Mistress.

Sasha

Monday Feb 24

Mistress

I am at work and I have only just seen your mail.  I'm sorry, I just didn't get
chance to log in again on Friday.  I have my bag packed for my trip.  Miss
Hannah and Miss Jo packed it for me.  I am dressed in one of Donna's shortened
skirts and I have another in my bag, and I have a shirt on and two others in my
bag, but on all of the shirts Miss Jo had me sew up the top two buttonholes.

I did tell them about Beatrice, on Friday, when we got back from swimming.  
They were disappointed that I hadn't told them before, but they understood
because you knew.  They did ask me what punishment I though I should have for
not telling them, and I said 10 strokes please, but they changed that to 10
strokes each Mistress, and no one stopped it when I was crying.  After they had
done 10 for each of them they did 10 strokes on my cunt, for you Mistress.

The other clothes I have in my bag are all modified by Miss Jo.  I have my denim
mini, but now it is only 6" long.  I have a top that was Miss Jo's.   It's dark
blue, and it was multi layered but she has taken out some of the panels so that
it is now transparent, with just two strips crossing over my chest and Joining
at the waistband at the back.  There are some other things but I can't actually
remember what Mistress.   Sorry.

Miss Jo did buy some things Mistress.  She got some Velcro cuffs for my wrists
and ankles, a black anal stimulator (like a small vibrator but with deep ribs)
and she also got a pair of butterfly nipple clips  Mistress.  They have used
them all Mistress over the weekend.

I don't know how much time I have before Beatrice gets in Mistress, so I want to
be sure to tell you that I had a mail from her secretary this morning in my in
box, she was just telling me that she had booked a room for me at the Arden, so
I know the answer to at least one of your questions, and as for what she wants
me to wear over the next three days, all I have with me are the things that Miss
Jo and Miss Hannah packed for me Mistress.  I will ask her how she wishes me to
act though, when she gets in, and I will ask about how in both public and
private.  Miss Hannah has told me that I have to go swimming every morning, in
my bikini, and that I have to change in public if I possibly can.  I will tell
her about that too Mistress.

On Friday, they had me undress at some benches in front of the toilets and the
washbasins on some benches and they told me I had to strip naked before I put on
my bra top first then the panties.  No-one was there when I started but some
women, 3 of them, did come from the fitness suite, just as I had put on the top
of my costume and they all looked at me and especially at my bare cunt.  They
didn't say anything though.   Miss Hannah and Miss Jo were in cubicles across
from the benches and watched me.  In the pool, Miss Hannah kept pulling the bra
strips around the sides of my breasts and she told me not to put them back. 
When I saw myself reflected in the mirrors near the showers it was so revealing
Mistress, much more than it had been when I had it on in the lounge at Miss Jo's
flat.  There is only an inch of fabric covering my cunt and then just string. 
Mistress, I was good, as you had said in your mail, and I just did as they said. 
I didn't offer any comment Mistress, though I was nervous.

We are due to leave at 4:00 our time Mistress, just in case you wish to contact
me before we go.

I have some messages to answer Mistress, I will write more later  Mistress.

angel x

Angel.

I trust that you will use your best judgment on your trip.  I really hope that
you will have the ability to keep writing me during the week to keep me up to
date on what is happening with Beatrice.  I would also like to know what her
plans are for you before you leave. I love you and trust you. Write me back,
dearest.

Sasha

Mistress

I have chatted with Beatrice.  I asked her how she wanted me to dress and behave
while we were away.  She said that I didn't need to dress even this formally (I
have a shirt and skirt on) when we are not at the conference, then she said
"what do you mean 'behave'?" and I asked her if she minded if I was flirty
(that's the word she uses to describe me generally Mistress), and she said "The
fact that you are a little lesbian flirt is undeniable" (or something like that
- I cant be sure that's exact) and she told me that she could well see me being
my slutty little self while we are away.

She also told me to load the presentations onto a laptop for the conference.  We
have it for the week, so I should be able o keep in touch with you Mistress.

angel  xxx

Angel,

It would seem that Beatrice is rather new to having her inner desires come to
reality.  She seems a little unsure of what to do with or how to treat them when
faced with them.  I would imagine that your "flirting" will continue as before. 
It will be interesting to see if she knows how to go further. I do expect you to
keep up with your masturbation schedule as well as with any instructions given
you by your ladies. Be careful, guard yourself and your position, have fun and
use your best judgment. I love you dearly,

Mistress

Mistress

I don't know yet if I am going to be able to send this, but I thought I would
keep a diary of events for you anyway.

Its Monday night, and the Journey was quite eventful.  Beatrice drove, and as
soon as we had started and got onto the motorway she started to fondle my
thighs, just stroking them.  She asked me about my lesbianism, and how many
girls I had been with and how young and old they had been, and lots of things
about my past life.  Then, she went quiet, about an hour into the trip (It took
us three and a half hours in all), she told me to lay my seat rest back, and
relax.  I did, after some fumbling with the seat controls (I am not used to
electrically driven seats) and when I found the right button she kept telling me
to put it back further until I was almost flat.  At first she did nothing then
she ran her hand up my thigh and up and over my hip.  I looked down and my skirt
was half across my pubes. She reached across and pushed the other side up to my
waist as well, and she looked across and said, "Oh, you have shaved".  I told
her it was waxed, to avoid stubble, and she put her hand right over my mons and
stroked me and said "Yes, I see what you mean" and she spent the next hour or so
just stroking my naked lower half, all over my thighs and up to and over my
mons, sometimes just resting her hand on me.  Occasionally, when we passed a
lorry she covered me up but then immediately uncovered me again.

We had been going for about an hour and a half and she said she wanted some tea,
so at the next services she told me to put my seat up and  "Straighten myself
out" and we went and had tea.  In the restaurant, after we had been served, she
told me that the waitress had been looking down my shirt at my 'titties' (her
word Mistress).  She asked me if I was shocked, and I said I wasn't, she said,
"So you are an exhibitionist, I suspected as much", and I said, "I believe I am,
I've never minded women seeing me", and she said "Well we shall have to see
about that".  She asked me if I knew that my skirt was rumpled, I said I didn't
realize, and she said, "When we get back to the car you should take it off to
save it getting more creased".  We got back to the car and she unlocked it and
we sat in, I undid the button on my skirt and she said "Not yet" then she drove
to a corner of the car park and said "So take it off then", and I took my skirt
off.  She started the car and when we were back on the motorway she told me to
lay back again, and I did, then with her free hand she undid the buttons of my
shirt and drew it back and fondled all over me, for the rest of the Journey.  It
was dark by now, and so she didn't cover me up, even when we passed lorries.

When we got to the hotel she told me to put my seat up, and it was, is,
magnificent.  An old Country mansion, which has been converted.  I went to reach
for my skirt but she told me that I didn't need it on, that they have all sorts
staying here; including bimbo's against whom I would be overdressed.

I felt so self-conscious going through reception and booking in with just my
shirt on, but no one really batted an eye, except for one boy.   Beatrice had
all of our bags taken to her room, and I followed.  When the bellboy had gone I
told her that the rooms were magnificent, and she told me that I could use her
suite as a second room, "you know, for dressing in and you can use my shower.
Yours is just a room, not a suite".  I said "Thank you" and she walked over to
me and said, "You are very welcome.  Now let's see what you have brought with
you" and she opened my case and on top was my bikini, and she held it in her
hands, one piece in each and it just looked to be strings, and she told me I
would have to model it for her, and she said the same about everything.  Then,
when it was empty and strewn all over the sofa, she said "No underwear at all?"
and I said, "No, I don't wear any" and she said that she had noticed.

She called room service for coffee, and she strolled over to me and undid the
buttons of my shirt and took it off me, and she sat and pulled me to her and she
said "Let me take a look at you", and she did, for an age, just looking at me,
then she said something about my bare mons making me look so young, like a
child, then she put her hand under my mons and touched at my slit, for the very
first time, and I was so excited that I moved forward onto her hand, and she
said I was a bit of a slut.   Then someone knocked at the door and a female
voice said, "Room Service" and Beatrice said "Lets see how you like to be seen
naked then, and she said, "Go and let her in".  I was so shocked that she asked
me to do that naked, but she just stayed sitting, and so I just went to the
door, opened it, and a young woman was there with our tray, and she glanced at
me, and said "Sorry Miss, Coffee?" and Beatrice answered her and told her to
bring it in so she walked straight past me and put in on the table in front of
Beatrice and she turned towards me and looked at me with absolutely no
expression and started towards me (and the door) then Beatrice called her back
with "Let me give you a tip", and she turned and Beatrice called to me and said
"Get me my bag would you?".  I passed the woman and got the bag from the side
table and stood beside Beatrice, naked opposite the woman while Beatrice found a
?10 note to give to her.  She thanked Beatrice and went out, and Beatrice just
burst out laughing and said "Wonderful, Simply Wonderful, and that tip has
ensured that she will be the one to come and see us next time, and she certainly
wont be telling anyone else".  Then she told me to pour for us both and she
wanted a fashion show.

She liked Miss Jo's transparent top best, and she said it was long enough to
wear on its own.  She loved my swimming costume too, and she played about with
it, putting the bust straps over, then at the sides of my breasts, and pulling
tight on the back of the panties so that the front disappeared between my lips. 
She said she would come and watch me swim in the morning. 

She called room service and ordered food for us, I told her that I needed fat
free, and she was careful with the order, and she said that's why I am so
skinny, and I said "Yes".

The same voice called when the door knocked with our meals later, and  Beatrice
told me to let her in again, then she had me check that what was on the trolley
was what we'd ordered, and the woman removed the covers for me to check while I
stood there naked looking at the dishes as she put them onto the table, and
every now and then I saw her looking at my breasts and pubes, and when her eyes
met mine she smiled at me!  Beatrice had me get her bag again, and she gave her
another ?10 and thanked her and she said, "Let our friend out then Steph", so
she followed me to the door and she thanked me as she went out.

She told me to put my shirt on to eat, and we sat and ate then she told me to go
and check my room while she made some calls, and she went to my case and took
out my wash bag and gave it to me, I fastened the buttons on my shirt and came
to my room.  Mine is a lot smaller than hers Mistress, just the one room and a
shower, bath and toilet (her suite has a sitting room and separate bedroom), and
I sat here and started to write this.  She is so amazingly self confident, a
little like Donna for that.   I don't think anything would faze Donna, or
Beatrice.  She was so sure that just tipping that woman would keep it a secret. 
I am not so sure, but then we are a long way from home so maybe she doesn't care
what is said or known, or gossiped about, because that's all it would be I
suppose, gossip.  And anyway, I don't suppose that anyone would believe her, the
room service waitress, if she were to tell anyone.  I don't know, and as you
say, I shouldn't care.  As long as those in charge of me feel that it is safe,
it is my place just to obey. And tonight I did Mistress, just as you said I
should, you would be proud of me, that is, I hope you would Mistress.

Things are changing for me aren't they Mistress?  It's no longer just an
occasional thing, servitude; it is becoming a way of life. 

Tomorrow, the conference starts at lunchtime, but actually our part isn't until
Wednesday. I don't know if it is Beatrice's plan to go in tomorrow or not.  She
appears to know Chester quite well; she mentioned it during our meal earlier. 

I have to say that this is an absolutely awful laptop.  The battery only lasted
about 10 minutes and the screen is not at all clear.  Still, it serves to keep
me in touch, and that makes it wonderful.  I am saving this on a floppy, just in
case it is discovered.  I'm writing it in WordPad.  It feels odd, being here
with only my shirt, she has all of my other clothes in her room.  But that again
is part of the lifestyle change Mistress.  Miss Jo and Miss Hannah are changing
too Mistress.  They are still caring when they want to be, but most of the time,
they just do as they wish.  At the weekend, they spanked me as I knelt on the
floor eating, with my hands and feet strapped together with the cuffs, and Miss
Hannah pulled down her jeans and panties and crouched over my bowl and peed on
my meal Mistress, then they just told me to eat up and they watched then started
to spank me, my bottom and my back, while I ate.   Miss Allison too spanked me
much more than previously, and twice she had me in her room and let me touch her
until she came.

Miss Hannah and now Miss Jo allow me to clean them after their toilet  Mistress,
and they each had a bath yesterday and I washed them. While I was bathing Miss
Jo, she told me to ask Miss Allison if she wishes me to wash her when she next
goes to take a bath.  She said that they all need to make good use of me.  Donna
came around three times over the weekend  Mistress.  She was just as previously,
but one difference was that she touched me, though it was only when she pulled
at my nipples and put the clips on me while she was talking to Miss Hannah.  At
least she touched me.

They have an exquisite thing too Mistress, and they did it three times.   Miss
Hannah sucks on my nipples, to make then really erect and hard, then they put
the clamp on the nipple and leave it there until I start to bend in pain, then
they take it off and the pain is agonizing, especially when they take it off,
but then they slap the ruler on my nipple and its just so complete, just so
intense.  It is frighteningly painful as if my nipple, or my whole breast might
explode, but it's just so erotic too.  When Miss Jo released me I just collapsed
on the floor in spasms. 

They slept together both Saturday and Sunday night Mistress, and I shared the
bed for some of the time.  They used the cuffs on my hands and feet, and both of
them sat on my face and rubbed their pussies on me until they came.  They also
lay me on my back, then they pulled my legs up and cuffed them to the bed head,
so that my bottom was high, and they put the anal thing into my anus and turned
it on, and they pulled it in and out for just so long that they took it in turns
to use it, then eventually they just left it in me, still vibrating while thy
sat either side of me just talking. 

I should go to bed now.

I will try to send this, and if it works I will send some more tomorrow.  If I
can't send it then I will just keep writing and send it all on Friday.

I will keep to my masturbation schedule, though maybe not in front of Beatrice,
yet.

angel  xxx

Tuesday Feb 25

Angel, You are definitely having another adventure and an awakening. You are
correct that you are becoming a true slave and servant.  I have intended all
along for this to become a lifestyle for you.  I know how much you loved being
this way occasionally.  It is only proper that you be this way forever.  You can
tell that Beatrice loves the way that you are the same as does Jo, Hannah, and
Allison.  It looks good that, should Beatrice ever come to visit you at home,
she will see you acting the exact same way for everyone as you do for her.  This
provides the consistency in your life that might have been missing.  You might
have to push Beatrice along a little because it is so rare to see someone like
yourself so willing to serve that she might not realize the liberties that she
may take with you. Do the following.  Let's orient Beatrice as to how you act at
home. Ask Beatrice if she would feel comfortable with you acting her way you do
at home for her.  She will naturally say yes.  Then, ask her permission before
using the bathroom.  Secondly, ask permission to help her with her dressing and
bathing.  Offer to massage her, dress her and to do her hair.  If she let you
massage her, during it ask her if she would like for you to provide her a "full"
massage.  When she orders food into the room for you both, put your plate on the
floor and eat naked on your hands and knees.  In lieu of a tip, offer to give
the girl who brings your food a massage. Ask Beatrice to tie you to the bed
before you can go to sleep.  Do not use a chair when privately in Beatrice's
presence.  Sit nude at her feet the same way you do for your ladies at home.
These queries of Beatrice will do so much to inform her of how you like to be
treated.  And since you have told her that this is the way you act at home, she
will also understand more fully your nature. You are mentally a slave servant,
Angel.  It should be very easy for you to ask all this of Beatrice just as
easily as it is for a servant to ask a visitor if they would like for you to
take their coat.  In the same way it should also be easy for you to assume that
role and ask the hotel waitress if there is anything you can do for her in lieu
of a tip.  Grow into your role, angel.  You have yet to meet anyone who doesn't
appreciate it.  When you think about it, there are very few people who don't
like the idea of having someone treat them like royalty. I do know that Beatrice
will love the ideas you present to her just by asking if you can serve her these
ways.  You may also ask her if there is anyone at this show whom she might wish
for you to serve in the same way also.  It might be good for business, who
knows?  I do want you to get more money and career advancement because of your
obedience, angel, never forget that. For now, angel, I want you to continue your
masturbation schedule.  But I will tell you that, very soon, I plan to taper it
off.  You have given over your mind and control over to your mistresses.  Soon
you will be turning over your sexuality to them as well.  Very soon you will not
be allowed to give yourself orgasms except as rewards.  Your Mistresses will
control your ability to orgasm.  The only ones you will have will be the ones
given you by them.  You have noticed that someone watches you almost constantly. 
You are rarely alone.  Also, more often you are sleeping with your hands tied to
the bed.  All this is planned to deny you the ability to play with yourself. 
Eventually, you will be wearing a full chastity belt locked on you by your
mistresses.  I am hoping Beatrice will also agree to be a Key holder.  This way
your entire existence and all your bodily functions will be controlled by
someone else.  You will not be able to even touch your pussy or relieve yourself
without permission and someone else present.  This is a form of control,
torture, and deprivation that will more completely round out your life and
servitude, my dearest angel.  You will know that you have arrived when your
Mistresses acquire for you a large dog's cage for you to be locked in to sleep. 
And eventually, you will feel very uncomfortable if you are not sleeping tied in
that cage, if you are not eating off the floor, or if you are allowed to sit on
the furniture instead of the floor.  Basically you will be conditioned so that
it will only be right for you to be a lesbian servant and puppy.  You will not
be able to be comfortable with any other treatment.  And like a servant and
puppy, you will be always doing things for your Mistresses in the hopes that
they will show you affection and allow you sexual release. All of this has been
planned, my dear, as you are figuring out.  I determined long ago that this
lifestyle would probably be the one that is best for you.  Actually it is a much
easier lifestyle for you when you resign yourself to it because, like a pet or
servant, all you have to do is obey.  All your decisions are made for you.  You
don't have to worry about money, clothes or appearances because you will have
none beyond what are allowed you.  You don't have to think about what to do in
your leisure hours because you will have none.  You will be removed from all the
harshness of life because you will be serving and leaving decisions up to your
Mistresses.  You will not even be speaking unless given permission or spoken to
first.  So you will not even be allowed opinions of your own except for your
weekly or bi-weekly group forums. The seriousness of all this is self evident,
angel.  As a highly intelligent person you must also understand that this mental
conditioning is most likely irreversible.  You must save this letter for Jo and
Hannah to read.  They MUST also understand the seriousness of what I am doing. 
This is going to go far beyond lesbian playtime and fantasies if we let it. 
They have to realize and make the same commitments to you that you are to them. 
If someone buys a parrot or turtle as a pet they do so with the understanding
that this pet might live 50 years and must be provided for.  With this
conditioning I am doing to you, you must understand that your life will have a
very huge hole in it this relationship terminates.  A servant with no one to
serve is a very depressing thing.  People laugh when they say this but they
don't take into consideration how deeply someone like you assumes the role. 
This role is going to consume your life as it already does.  This is why I am
not jumping on that contract idea.  They have to think of the future as well as
the now.  Deprogramming you will be a lot harder than it was to program you
because I feel that you enjoy so much what is happening to you.  From the
beginning I have worked very hard to make these changes a permanent part of your
life and not just a sexy interlude.   I know what you need in life, angel.  I
have worked hard on providing you that.  Continue to do what you do so well. 
Just Obey.  That is Sasha's First Commandment.  And if you succeed in that
commandment, any other commandments will be easy to do. Now obey my suggestions
with Beatrice.  Go assume your role of servant.  Let Beatrice know how perfect
and complete a servant you are and can be for her.  And of you have succeeded
and she lets you serve her in some of the ways I suggested to you, then you may
masturbate in front of her as a reward.

I love you, slave.  And I honor you for trusting and allowing me to shape your
mind and life as I see fit.

Mistress


Mistress,

I have just come from Beatrice, and I did as you said, immediately on reading
your mail I rang her room and asked her if I might come to her and she said I
could.  I had just my shirt, Jo's transparent one (that's what she allowed me to
wear today, when I was clothed) and when I got in I asked her if I might speak
frankly with her, and she said "Yes, but undress first" and that gave me the
confidence to say to her "Please Miss, I want to ask you if you would like me to
behave with you as I do at home?" and she looked puzzled and asked me what I
meant, and I told her that at home I am a lesbian servant and less than my
Mistresses and I serve them however they wish me to", and she looked almost
painfully at me, just not really understanding, so I just babbled on, and told
her that if she wished, while I am with her I would ask permission before using
the toilet and will bathe her if she wishes, and I would obey her every whim, I
would massage you as completely as you wish, and sit naked on the floor at your
feet when I am not needed, and sleep with you, and you may tie me, and beat me
should I fail you".  And I just babbled on and on as to what she might do with
me.  I stopped, and she sat, still looking puzzled but with a smile on her face
and asked me if I were serious, and I said "Yes Miss, it is who I am" and I am
afraid that I told her about you Mistress, and that you have told me that as a
slave I should offer myself to serve her, and she asked about you and about how
things are at home and she was shocked, then she said, "So if I tell you to go
out into the corridor naked you would?" and I said "Yes Miss", and she said
"then do it" and I went to the door and opened it and she called me back in
quickly and told me "OK" and she thought for a while then she said "How would
you massage me" and I said however you wish Miss, with my hands or my tongue,
however you wish" and she said even though she is so old, I am not a young thing
like your Hannah you know, and I said that I would be pleased to serve her
however she wishes, and she told me to undo her blouse, then to take it off,
then she told me to undo her bra, and then she allowed me to kiss her breasts,
and she hugged me and told me that when I had been away from her she had
masturbated herself, and I told her that I would masturbate her if she wished,
and she let me go and she told me to put out the lights, then to go to her, and
she directed me how to undress her and she sat back on the sofa and I touched
her pussy, and she pulled my head to her and she came for me, with my tongue,
and she almost screamed as she came Mistress.  When she had settled she told me
that I was an odd little creature, then I told her that while I am with her she
might direct me to serve other women too, and I said that you had said that it
might be suitable to offer me in place of a tip to room service or to try to
secure deals at the trade show, and she just "Mmm'd" and said "Yes, that would
be nice".  She fondled my breasts and then told me to dress her, and when she
was dressed she said "I think its time for coffee" and she called Room Service.  
She just sat and fondled my breasts and asked me to confirm what I meant about
being a slave, and I told her that I am there to service my  Mistresses however
they please, and I told her that I bathe them and cater for their sexual needs,
and for others they tell me to serve and then the door knocked and the woman
said Room Service, and she said "Open it then slave", and I went to the door and
opened it and it was the same woman from yesterday, and she smiled at me and put
the tray on the coffee table by Beatrice, and Beatrice told me to get her bag,
and she said to the woman, "Did you choose to come up to us or were you sent?
And she said she chose, she said she had been looking to see an order come up
from us, and Beatrice asked her if she liked me, she said "Did you like seeing
my niece then, or was it just the tip?" and the woman said "Oh its not just the
tip Madam" and Beatrice said "What's your name", it was Susan, and she said
"Well Susan you can touch her if you want to" and she told me to go to the
woman, and I did, I stood inches in front of her, naked, but she didn't touch
me, and after a while Beatrice said that she could touch me wherever she liked
but she said that she didn't really think she wanted to, and Beatrice told me to
"Come and sit here" and she pointed to the floor in front of her and I went to
her and knelt down beside her.  Beatrice said "She is very obedient you see, if
you want to visit her later her room number is 205 and she will do anything she
wants you to do" and the woman said "Thank you Ma'am" and she looked at me, and
Beatrice gave me ?10 "Give it to our friend and thank her", I stood and went
over to her again and offered her the ?10 and she took it with one hand and
stroked down my arm with her other hand and I looked up at her and she looked at
me, I opened the door and smiled at me and she went.

Beatrice said that I had been a very good girl and got me to pour a coffee for
each of us, but I told her that I didn't think I should drink with her, and that
at home I have to drink from a bowl on the floor and she told me to pour my
coffee into an ashtray and drink it as I should and I poured it and put it on
the floor just in front of her and drank it when it was cool enough. She read
though some papers as she drank.   Later she told me she wanted a bath, and I
said I would run it for her, and I went, she followed me and told me to undress
her, and then I bathed her and she put my hand on her pussy and she came for me
while I washed her.  She allowed me to dry her and powder her and dress her
ready for bed, then she told me to go to my room and I was to strip as soon as I
got there in case our friend came to visit me, and I was to sleep on the floor
in the bathroom. I went to put my top on but she said; "Take it with you, but
don't put it on.  Goodnight slave, I will call you in the morning", and so I
left her.

I started what I wrote above about an hour ago, at 10:00.   It is now  11:00 and
Susan has just left me.  She called my room and said; "This is Susan, do you
know who I mean?" and I said Yes Miss, and she asked if I was alone, I told her
I was and she said could she come up and see me for a while, and I said Yes
Miss, if you wish to, but it was about 15 minutes later when she actually
knocked at the door, I didn't think she was coming, and when she did she just
came in when I opened the door, and looked at me.  She just stood there for a
long time and so I said "Please Miss" and she said "Yeh" and I said you may do
what you wish or tell me to do what you wish, it would please my Mistress" and
she told me to sit down so I sat where I was on the floor with my legs crossed,
and she laughed a little and said, "No, on a chair" so I got up and went to the
chair by the bureau, turned it to face her and sat on it and she followed me. 
She asked me what happens now and I said anything you wish Miss and she told me
to open my legs and she looked at my pussy, and she asked me how old I was, and
she said we are the same age and she said "Why do you do this?" and I said
"Because I am a lesbian slave to my Mistresses and they wish me to Miss" and she
just looked at me and then she told me to put my fingers inside myself and I
did, and I was just so excited at being there like that Mistress that I asked
her if I might be allowed to make myself cum, and she just said "Yeh" and she
watched me while I fingered myself and pulled at my nipples and I came for her,
while she watched, and when I had done I felt guilty and I went to her and got
on my knees and thanked her, and she told me to stand up, and she put her hands
on my breasts and stroked them and cupped them and ran her fingers over my
nipples and I got excited and said "I will serve you Miss if you wish, Please"
and she said she had to be getting home and she let go of me and just left. 

I will tell Beatrice in the morning Mistress. I hope she will be pleased with me
even though Susan didn't want me to serve her, and she left so quickly that I
fear I have frightened her a little.  I find it hard to gauge these things, but
I thought you would want me to offer myself to her. 

I will go and sleep, in the bathroom, as Beatrice told me to Mistress.

And thank you for your note, and for all of your intentions and your efforts
Mistress.  I hadn't dreamed that I could ever feel this fulfilled - that I could
feel this free and happy Mistress.  When I used to visit Mme Xxxxxxx I thought
that it was the pinnacle of what I could be, but now I do know that there is
more. 

I will keep your note to show my Mistresses (I have noted that you call them
that now - in a way it did sadden me a little, when you first did that, but now
I understand that they are my Mistresses and you are my Uber Mistress). 

With a slaves love  I will keep your 1st Commandment Mistress

angel  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Wednesday Feb 26

Angel,

As you can see, all good things come to those who obey.  Can you see how much
easier everything is when you have made that commitment?  And you still have the
rest of the week for Beatrice to become comfortable with your submission to her. 
And please describe Beatrice's nude body for me. Also please buy a disposable
camera while there and have Beatrice photograph you for me.  The pics can just
be developed on a disk and sent to me.  Obey me on this, angel. Beatrice may
write me if she desires.  I would actually prefer that.  You may determine
yourself over the next couple of days whether or not you want to invite her into
the family.  She may join if you all wish her to or she could control your work
life if she desires. But, like I said, your life will no longer be your own. 
Beatrice might also be willing to take you out while there to purchase more toys
for you to wear during the days and evenings. Susan is very interested in you,
Angel.  She wants to come back to you very badly.  But she is not a dominant. 
She doesn't know what to do when you offer yourself to her.  Use more control,
Angel.  You know what you want to do and how to get it.  You are an experienced
lesbian regardless of your submissive orientation.  Conquer her.  She herself
might be submissive but not to a degree you are.  Regardless, it is up to you to
control the situation.  Figure out where Susan wishes it to go and you lead her
there.  Remember that trained servants are very often teaching guests what to do
with items they are not familiar with.  Ask her if you may kiss her.   Be
tender, be gentle, and make her feel very good.  You may just be able to make
love to her conventionally.  One can never assume that, when given as a gift
that you will be given to another Domme or someone with experience.   I would
also imagine that Beatrice would do her best to take you up on your offer to
service whomever she wishes you to.  If this furthers your company's business,
Beatrice does definitely need to give you a nice raise in salary. I would also
hope that you are at least calling the ladies at home and keeping them up to
date on what is going on with you.  Angel, I call them Mistresses only because
that is an easy word for me to use when typing my fingers to the bone.  If you
can think of one word that you wish for me to call them as a group when writing,
then tell me and I will. Isn't it interesting that when you relinquished all
control over yourself to me, your life seemed to all come together and
everything turned out to be more in control than ever?   Basically you have
found your true calling, my dear angel.  After all this time you found it and
yourself.  That is why you feel so fulfilled these days.  All it took was to let
go. You once lived in the vanilla world of "What is".  Now you live with me in
the magical, much more positive world of "What if"! Welcome to your new life.

And you still are my best friend as well as my lover and slave.

Lovingly,  Sasha

Mistress, 

I am sitting for Miss Beatrice, naked for the both of you and she is dictating
what I type.

The first person in this section is Miss Beatrice.

Hello to you.  You have a very interesting slave here in Steph; she is a
delight, simply a delight. She has shown me your mails to her and she has shown
me the replies she has forwarded to you.

She has displayed to me her absolute and unequivocal obedience, in what she does
and the willingness of her. I will defer details to her to describe what she has
done at my instruction but suffice it to say she is truly a slave to my will.

This past few days has been en embarkation onto a new plain for me.  Just this
morning I spanked her roundly with a belt and she thanked me, tearfully, but
still there was a genuine gratitude in her words and their delivery.  She is
quite a rare creature.

I will be pleased to have her under my will while she is away from home and will
use her well, I assure you.  I do not, however, wish to become part of this
'family'. I shall develop other more transient families for her to belong to
starting with Susan, the desperately plain but oh so keen novice and now
Patricia. As for her rewards, her bonus is in my hands and if she continues to
serve me then I can assure you she will be rewarded.

I would appreciate an understanding from you directly as to how you fit into the
schema.  While she is with me she is mine to do with as I wish, am I correct in
that?   How shall her Mistresses at 'home' (rather a strange title for the
environment she has described to me) react to this?  We have indeed tried to
telephone them since we have been back, but no one is there at the moment.

Miss Beatrice

Beatrice,

Thank you for your nice letter.  This is Sasha, angel's Mistress.  I accept your
thanks for her services and her usage.  She is by far the best submissive I have
ever been associated with.  She is an absolute jewel and, though open for
certain abuses and usage, needs to be treated as such.  As you are relatively
new to this scene, I will promise you that you will never again meet someone as
devoted, gentle, honest, and special as angel. It is good to hear your feelings
about your involvement in her family.  For it is a family.  Angel is in the
position of maidservant.  You are in a good position because you can control
angel during her work hours.  Especially now since I am beginning to deprive her
orgasms to the point of considering seriously having her wear a chastity belt
24/7.  This has the added advantage of controlling her ability to go to the
bathroom as well.  This is also good. Angel will inform you how she serves and
services her ladies at home.  You may, of course, use her in those ways within
the limits of what you can do when not in your hotel.  I would like to discuss
with you your ideas for controls and punishments beyond that.  Also, you should
now that angel's willingness to do anything with males beyond them seeing her is
strictly limited. Another interesting topic of discussion is whether or not
angel might be useful in assisting you to acquire businesses for your company. 
Because I dearly love her and since she has entrusted me with her existence, I
would sincerely hope that her relationship with you and any assistance she could
give you would also serve to further her career in a professional sense.  You
and I both know how intelligent and hard working she is and what kind of
potential someone like her has.  Even more so now that you understand her full
willingness to go the extra mile to get business and to ensure her boss is
"taken care of". She has related to me what Susan and her did together.  Has she
done more that I need to know about?  And I am unfamiliar with Patricia.  Who is
she and how are you integrating her into things? Relax, lie back, and let my
slave service you with her tongue.  She will awaken sexual arousal and feelings
of control in you that your husband will have a very hard time duplicating.
Isn't it wonderful when the boss finally gets to be really treated like the boss
by her employees?  You, my dear, are getting a taste of a perfect world.

Mistress Sasha


Mistress Sasha

Miss Beatrice has left me here while she visits a friend.  I am in my room and I
have no clothes and she has made it quite clear that I am not allowed to touch
myself except if someone is watching me.  She hopes that Susan or Patricia will
call or come.  She told Patricia today that she could use me between 8:00 and
9:30 to give her more of a fashion show if she wants, and Miss Beatrice just
believes that Susan will call me anyway.

Today, I did my part of the conference and tomorrow is the trades show proper,
though earlier this evening we had a preview of some new ranges in Miss
Beatrice's room, that's when I met Patricia.  She was one of the one's Miss
Beatrice had invited to her suite to do a preview of some items.  She is the rep
and account manager for Miss Dollis Lingerie and she had some samples and Miss
Beatrice told her that she would prefer to see them on a model, and Patricia
said she could arrange that, but Miss Beatrice said that I could try some on,
and she had me try on five different things for her and each time I was changing
she left me naked for Patricia to see, and after the third bra and pants set
Patricia started to help me to dress and undress, and sometimes she adjusted the
cup on my breast and she smoothed the fabric on my breasts.  When I had tried on
the last item which was near to my size I went to dress again in my shirt and
skirt but Miss Beatrice stopped me and told me to sit and she pointed to the
floor just in front of Patricia and Patricia leant forward and put her hands on
my shoulders while they talked and she just petted my shoulders and my hair and
she was saying that I was a good model for lingerie as I was such a small frame. 
Miss Beatrice asked her if she liked small-framed girls and Patricia said yes
and Miss Beatrice pushed her with similar questions until she said that she
liked my body.  Miss Beatrice told her that she could use me to model for others
over today and tomorrow if she wished, and that I could touch more than just my
shoulders if she wanted and she touched down my chest to my breasts while Miss
Beatrice watched.  Then Miss Beatrice said that I would be happy to serve her in
other ways if she wished and Patricia said "I have never had that sort of offer
before" and Miss Beatrice told her that she could visit me in my room between
8:00 and 9:30 for more of a fashion, or non fashion show.  Then she told
Patricia that she could join us for a meal if she wished but Patricia had
another appointment for dinner, which she couldn't break, and Miss Beatrice told
her to not forget to invite me in my room if she wanted. 

Miss Beatrice ordered food for us both and when it came it was a man so she told
me to go into the bedroom.  I heard her ask if Susan was on, and he said she was
on her break, and she told him to tell her that I had said hello.

Miss Beatrice told me to put my food on the floor and eat there, and she told me
to pour her some wine, then I knelt beside her until she told me to eat.  When I
had finished she told me that it was time, and she just pointed to her pussy and
I lifted her skirt and removed her nylons and panties and I kissed her pussy and
sucked on her lips until she came.  Then she told me to play with myself, and
she watched me as she sat and drank wine while I rubbed my cunt and played with
myself until I came. 

She then told me that she was going to visit friends this evening, and she had
me help her dress to go out, and she told me to put my shirt on and she
accompanied me to my room.  She let me in and told me to give her my shirt, so
took it off and gave it to her and she put in into her bag and she told me to
stay awake as Susan or Patricia might be coming, and she turned and went, and I
was left with no clothes.  All of my other clothes are in Miss Beatrice's room
and I had some wonder about if there was a fire, then I settled myself that I
could wrap a sheet around myself.

I waited quite a while then there was a knock at my door and it was  Susan.  She
pushed past me with a tray of dishes and she said "What would you do for me?"
and I said "Anything Miss" and she told me to come to her, and she put her hands
on my face and pulled me so that I knelt before her and she put my face to her
pussy and she let go of me and I pushed my face into her pussy and rubbed my
nose against her, and I put my hands up her skirt and stroked her bottom, but
she moved my hands away, so I just touched her thighs over her tights and she
pushed her pussy into my face until I heard her panting a little and I could
smell her Mistress, but suddenly she said she had to go and she picked up the
tray and went.

She came back about an hour later, and just like before she pushed past me and
she called me to her and standing in front of her she put my hand on my pussy,
over her dress, and I touched and felt the shape of her, and she pushed against
me, and after a while she almost fell on me, so I sat her on the sofa and put my
hand under her skirt and rubbed my fingers over her clitoris and she came for
me, through her panties and tights I could still feel the dampness and warmth. 
It was lovely  Mistress.  Sadly, she just got up and went to leave, and I asked
her if I might be allowed to kiss her, but she looked at me and just opened the
door and left.

Later I had a call from Patricia, but all she wanted was to know when Miss
Beatrice was going to be back, she had been calling her room.  I told her I
thought she would be back at 10:00, she said OK, and she asked me if I enjoyed
that little thing in the room earlier, and I said, "Yes, very much", and she
said "Me too".  But then she hung up too quickly for me to say anything more.

Mistress, Miss Beatrice arrived back just after I had written that, and she took
me to her room, threw my shirt at me and she told me to dress and she took me
down to the bar.  There was one waitress serving and two women sitting at a
table not talking to one another.  They were about the same age as Miss Beatrice
I imagine.  Miss Beatrice sat.  I waited for her instruction, and she told me to
sit on a chair, facing the women, next to Miss Beatrice with my back to the bar
area.  She ordered for herself and nothing for me, then she started to put her
hand on my thigh and she told me to watch the women and tell her what they did.  
She pushed my shirt right up with her hand as I felt her touch against my cunt,
and one of the women motioned the other to look at us, but they didn't talk, and
they both watched as Miss Beatrice stroked my thigh.   I told her they were
watching, and she pushed my legs apart and stroked one leg then the other and
between them, my legs were bare and my cunt was facing the women's table, and I
told Miss Beatrice that they were still looking.  She took her hand away and she
told me to open my cunt lips for them to see inside of me, and I did and the
women started to talk to each other, huddled together, and they were still
looking at me but not in the same way and they got up and went out of the room. 
Miss Beatrice told me to undo my shirt, and I did, I undid the buttons but left
it almost together, then she called the girl, the waitress to our table and
asked her to get some cigarettes, and the waitress looked at me, and then said
Yes Ma'am, and she went.  When she came back, Miss Beatrice told me to sign for
them, and so I turned to the girl and signed the chit, and I looked down and saw
that my shirt was open at my cunt and she could obviously see it as she bent
down and held the chit for me.   She thanked me and left us, and Miss Beatrice
told me to open my shirt more, and she sat there drinking and smoking just
looking at me, with my shirt open. She told me to tell her what had happened
while she was away and I told her just as I have told you and she said "Good". 
She asked me of she should get the girl over to look at me now, and I said "If
you think it is safe Miss" because I was a little scared that we might get
thrown out of the hotel, and she stubbed out her cigarette and told me to follow
her, and she got up and I didn't know if I should fasten my shirt but I did just
pull it a little closed, but the woman looked at me as I went past her and I
knew my shirt had opened a little and I just hoped it wasn't too much.  In the
room Miss Beatrice took off my shirt and told me that I was a very special girl,
and that tonight I had given four girls good reason to masturbate themselves to
sleep, and now I have to suck her pussy until she falls asleep, and she took me
to her bedroom and told me to undress her, then she lay on the bed and opened
her legs and I kissed her pussy and thighs until she came.  She told me to go
back to my room and sleep on the floor of the bathroom again and I was not to
wear anything to go back to my room.

I have just got in and all I have done is to write this Mistress.

I shall send it now Mistress, and though I wish to orgasm, I do wonder if I
should.

Your angel  xxxxxxx

Mistress, when I came into mail I saw your message to Miss Beatrice, but it is
late and she looked very tired when I left her, and that was a while ago now. 
Forgive me, but I will show it to her first thing in the morning.

x

Thursday, Feb 27

It would appear that Beatrice is using you well on this trip.  I would like for
you to make an attempt to contact the ladies at home to update them on yourself
and to remind them how much you miss them. What is interesting now, my dear is
that you are presented with women that are definitely not lesbians but have an
interest.  I would surmise that your association with Beatrice will expose you
to many women like this.  This will prove to you what I said about how many
women have suppressed lesbian desires.  Don't you see how badly they all to
taste the forbidden fruit? And while you are obeying (as you should) you are
allowed to have opinions about what is happening and what you are doing.  I
would like to hear them.  And you know you may be honest with me.  I would
especially like to know how you are feeling now that you have to ask and yearn
for the ability to orgasm rather than doing it many, many times a day.  I know
that this is a very new exercise for us because I have always given you complete
freedom over your own ability to masturbate and cum.  I am not doing this to be
cruel.

Sorry, angel

I accidentally hit send before I had finished.  Please send that back to me
after reading because I forgot to save it.

Like I was sating, I am not depriving you of orgasms to be cruel.  I am only
adding to the control you both need and desire.  This allows you to concentrate
on pleasing your ladies even better in the hopes that they will allow you
release.  Rather soon, I will be implementing a schedule for your toilet as
well.  You will soon be allowed to urinate only at set times and only after
being given permission.  This way you will have the additional, shall we say,
pressures, added into your day. You are doing well, angel.  As always and as I
expected.  You are adjusting well to being used by a different lady in different
situations.  You have come so far and are showing me such promise about going so
much further.  And you will.  Continue to obey.  Continue to serve.

Lovingly,

Sasha

And so ends the month of February 2003.  And yes, Angel's saga will continue
just as soon as I can compile the letters and clean them all up a little.

Sasha




Angel-March

Stephanie's new life continues into the month of March.  As always, these
letters are real and just a compilation of my correspondence with her.  Only the
names have been changed and minimal editing to clean it up.
And, in case you haven't been following Stephanie's life changes religiously
I'll list the main principals for you:
Stephanie - Angel - The primary submissive
Josephine - The dominant Mistress and head of household
Hannah - 21 years old co-worker of Stephanie and lover of Josephine and Allison
Beatrice - Angel's dominant boss at work
Allison - Josephine's 17 year old daughter and budding young lesbian
Donna - Hannah's sister
Patricia - Close associate of Miss Beatrice in the lingerie business
Ronnie - teenaged friend of Allison
Trisha, Penny, Jane - Co-workers of Stephanie

Well, that made it all sound even more like a soap opera even though it
certainly isn't.  Oh well.

March 3, 2003

Mistress
I am sore, in my bottom and my cunt, and in my mouth from the way they have
treated me this weekend. Even Mistress Allison is starting to have me serve her
fully now Mistress. And they have started your regime of not allowing me to cum.
I had a note from Miss Jo to Miss Beatrice saying that She should not allow me
to cum under any circumstances until Wednesday. Miss Beatrice has also said that
she wants me to become her personal assistant and to project manage all of her
projects and she has said that I will get more money; She is going to arrange
everything this week. Also, she had a call from Patricia on the way back on
Friday, and she wants to use me in some private demonstrations of her lingerie.
She said it was for personal special friends of hers. Miss Beatrice told her in
the car that she would be delighted, providing that I am not allowed to wear any
normal clothes during the visits and Patricia said I wouldn't, and that Miss
Beatrice would not have to worry. This last weekend they all wanted to read all
of my mails to and from everyone, and they have been much more serious about
everything. They had me decorate "The Room" with words and they put paint on my
breasts and my bottom and even my cunt and had me put impressions of my body
onto the walls between the words.
They made me paint "Lesbian Slave", "Pussy Licker", "Piss Drinker",
"Bottom cleaner", "Lesbian toilet", there were lots of things like that, all
over the walls, and for most of the rest of the time I had my arms cuffed behind
my back and my feet cuffed together. I had to move about on my knees almost all
of the time Mistress. I've had to serve each of them, both sexually and for
their toilet, even Mistress Allison. I was told to tell you that I am a slave to
their whims and that I have no will. I had to repeat that over and over for them
while they beat me with the strap and a belt, all over me Mistress. I told them
I would do whatever they wished over and over but it was as if they didn't
believe me. When they read the mails they also beat me each time that they saw
that I had not capitalized their names, or referred to them as Miss, and now I
am to always refer to them as Mistress. They told me that they were developing
your conditioning Mistress and that I should tell you. I also have to tell you
that I love each of them for the way they treat me and that I know I am just a
slave, nothing more. And I do love them Mistress. I will try to write later
Mistress. Miss Jo and Miss Hannah have sent you a note Mistress.

slave angel xxxx


Mistress Sasha

I read your note to us; stephie printed it out for us to read on Friday. I have
it here. It is beautiful and protective and so full of love and I realize that
you have not heard from us much lately and for that I apologize. Just as you
show your love for stephie in what you say to her and to us and what she relates
of what you say to her then I hope she in turn relates to you our love of her.

Both Hannah and I love her. completely and unquestioningly, and were the
contract to be drawn the other way about, that we belonged to her then it would
be signed. She will live with us for as long as she wishes it to be so, and I
hope that is until neither of us is old enough to remember there being any other
way of life.

I have talked with Hannah, about her youth and about experiences she may yet to
have in her young life, and she showed her maturity in saying that she now has
the family that she never knew she needed and she would be a "lost and
emotionless soul" if she were to be without stephie. Those were her words.

Stephie has touched us, no much more intense than that, she has become part of
each of us. I would no more wish to lose her than to lose my arm, she is so much
a part of who I am now. And who I wish to be.

We share, Hannah and I, in the knowledge, not feeling or notion, the knowledge
that to have this slave in absolute control as you describe will be a lifelong
commitment, for us all. All of this started as a sexual release. I accept that.
I accept too that much of the discovery phase of her willingness to serve was at
times a game, but now it has passed beyond that. It is a need, a need to have
her at our request, to have her will

As you know she was away from us for some days this week, serving as she should
and while Hannah and I satisfied ourselves and to a degree each other sexually
we were both been at a loss. It is as if our own wills need more to control than
ourselves. We have shared her between Allison, Donnas and ourselves over the
last two days. The first day without her was acceptable, and she will be allowed
to be absent from us for a day and night but we shall be reticent to allow her
too many protracted visits in the future.

Even my darling Allison has missed her. May I tell you that she announced in
during dinner one night in the week that "things are just not the same without
it here" and she meant the "it" reference without malice I assure you, I could
see it in her eyes. It moved me. She, stephie, moves us all.


Well, I have tired my fingers and my concentration, and I have doubtless tired
you but I felt it important for you to know how strongly we feel. These things
are not a passing fancy for either Hannah or I.

I will not attempt to speak for Allison. Nor will I try to direct her and I am
uncertain as to whether she needs to see the note. If you feel she should then I
will bow respect to you and I will have her read it and request that she replies
to you.
Jo and Hannah

Angel,

The soreness will pass, dear.  It is something you will accustom yourself to.
I am so glad you like being a true slave, my dear.
Your life will be different from now on.  Your Mistress' wanted to make up for
lost time over the weekend.  You will be very surprised at how much they missed
you.  After the first day of you being gone they realized that there was a large
hole in all their lives.  They fully came to the realization that they all love
you so deeply and that they need you and your service in their lives.  Suffice
it to say you have a life long position with them.  Jo and Hannah are prepared
to keep you as long as you wish to be kept.
They both love you completely and honestly and they all showed you how much they
missed you by how they treated you upon your homecoming.  You are now an
irreplaceable part of all their lives.  Even Allison felt empty with you gone
and that is why she showed her happiness at your return.  I sincerely doubt that
they will let you out of their collective sights for more than a full day from
now on.  They are that attached to you and what you bring into their lives.
Perhaps the happiest and most effected is Hannah.  Not only is she in love but
she also has gained a family unit she may also grow within and love.
So remember that pain given you is love.  Tasks given you show love.  Harsh
looks and speech have only true love behind them.
So how do you like not being able to masturbate, dear angel?  I would imagine
that the schedule I had you one got you used to it.  But you must realize that
now it really isn't your pussy anymore.  It is the property of all your
Mistresses.  The same with your bottom.  You mustn't touch them without
permission.
You will notice several changes as a result, angel. First off the orgasms
allowed you would be that much stronger because of the deprivation.  Also we
will work on you attaining the level of the mental orgasm.

Also, angel, you didn't relate to me at all what occurred on the rest of your
trip.  Especially in regard to what happened further with Ericka and this
Patricia.  I would like to know more about Patricia because it would seem that
Beatrice would utilize her again.  Please complete that task.
I am elated that Beatrice has seen fit to make you her assistant.  Hopefully the
raise in salary and status pleases you and helps to alleviate your debt.
Considering how "special" you are to Beatrice I hope that the raise is as
special.  I am especially pleased in that I have never heard of an online
Mistress being able to affect not only a slave's life but also her career so
positively.
Your life is on track, angel.  And moving in all the proper direction.  Continue
to enjoy and to obey.  You are doing everything right.

Sasha

Sorry, angel

I accidentally hit send before I had finished.  Please send that back to me
after reading because I forgot to save it.

Like I was saying, I am not depriving you of orgasms to be cruel.  I am only
adding to the control you both need and desire.  This allows you to concentrate
on pleasing your ladies even better in the hopes that they will allow you
release.  Rather soon, I will be implementing a schedule for your toilet as
well.  You will soon be allowed to urinate only at set times and only after
being given permission.  This way you will have the additional, shall we say,
pressures, added into your day.
You are doing well, angel.  As always and as I expected.  You are adjusting well
to being used by a different lady in different situations.  You have come so far
and are showing me such promise about going so much further.  And you will. 
Continue to obey. Continue to serve.

Lovingly,

Sasha

Mistress

Mistress Beatrice has told me to tell you that when I am with her there will be
two distinct 'times':  Normal, when I must act normally as an employee, and
"Mistress time" when I must defer to Her in any way she says. I will know these
times as she will introduce me as and refer to me as 'slave', and then I must
never look anyone in the face and I must keep my hands behind my back unless she
instruct otherwise. I must not speak unless directly asked a question and I must
not use furniture unless she - and not just a visitor - has expressly allowed me
to.

Tomorrow she will arrange a car to collect me from Mistress Jo's flat and the
driver will know my position and I must be prepared to obey her during the
journey. Mistress Beatrice will write a note to Mistress Jo to request how I
should be dressed for the journey.

Mistress Beatrice is about to take me to lunch in a hotel in order to try and
find someone I can serve while she watches.

slave angel

Jo and Hannah,

I read your note and it almost brought tears to my eyes.  Makes you believe that
absence does make the hearts grow fonder.
I am so glad that I have helped you find love, dearest friends.  Angel is so
right for you both and you both as also so good for each other.  Hannah, the
gift of a family is one of the greatest ever given.  I could only have hoped
that all this would turn out as well as it did when I started spinning all the
webs of your lives together.  I am elated at your happiness and at all the love
and security you are being showered with.

I am glad that you liked the life changes that I wrote about and have been
working to integrate into Angel's life.
I know it takes awhile for you to become used to having her as subservient as
you now know she wishes to be.  From her letter, it would seem that you all are
really taking to it like ducks to water.   She is sore from her homecoming but
loves her treatment and status.
I am glad that you are starting to control her orgasms.  I have gone so far as
to tell her that they are forbidden and that her pussy and rear are not her
property anymore.  The orgasms she is allowed as a reward for service should
only be those given her by her Mistresses, including Allison.  It is not angel's
vagina and clitoris anymore.  Even if that means you mistresses wiping it after
her toilet to prevent her from touching it.  It belongs to all of you to use as
you see fit.  So use it well.  Don't ignore it for too long but remember that
orgasms are more valuable the fewer there are.  I would also like for you ladies
to start to control and limit her abilities to pee.  A full bladder is a very
good way to control a slave and receive complete obedience.  Beatrice can help
to control this while at work.  I would recommend getting her to the point that
the pressure causes her to beg for permission to pee.  Now this poses an
interesting dilemma.  For myself faced with this begging, I would grant her
permission to urinate but only after she jumps rope, does jumping jacks, or runs
in place for ten minutes straight.  Are you seeing how all this works?  
Urination is also a reward.  Angel told me that you acquired an anal toy and
have been using it.
I have always recommended getting a butt plug for her to wear 24/7 so as to
control her bowels.  She still needs that.  It should be removed only once a day
or every other day if you desire and then immediately replaced.
I have also mentioned getting her fitted for a permanent chastity belt.   These
are a little more expensive but if everyone, including Beatrice, chips in it
shouldn't be too bad.  This locked on her at all times will ensure that she
doesn't even have the ability to touch herself.  She also can't go to the
bathroom with it on.  The metal or leather strap going up her rear to be locked
to the belt also ensures that the butt plug will remain firmly in place.  The
good chastity belts are not too noticeable under clothes.  Makes sure when you
are shopping that you tell them that it is for permanent usage.  You might have
to search a little to find the right place.  Hannah would have fun completing
this task.  All you Mistresses would be elevated then to what is know as key
holders.
Yourself, Hannah, Allison, and Beatrice would have a key to unlock it to be worn
on a gold chain around your necks.  These keys are a sign of control and
ownership.  Another key would be carried by angel sealed in wax in case of a
dire emergency such as vaginal bleeding, a car accident, or loss of circulation. 
When the belt is unlocked, angel's hands should be locked behind her so as to
disallow her ability to touch herself.  She should also sleep with her hands
locked up above her head to further control her.  Or she can sleep locked face
up or face down in the bathtub covered with everyone's urine.  The advantages of
such control far outweigh any expense incurred in achieving it.
Now, ladies, I must say that now is the time for you to get those lovely nipples
of Angel's pierced.  You need the extra control this will afford you all.
Rings joined by a chain and attached to a leash have great value to you all. 
Additionally, I would recommend angel having weights attached to the rings when
home doing all of her tasks.  The added pulling sensation will add to her
torture and to her desiring to have you grant her an orgasm.  Keeping her at a
constant high level of excitement is paramount to enforcing you control over
her.  Because everything of what you do from here on out is based on that
control and her acceptance, expectation, and enjoyment of it.
I would assume that angel is taking care of all the cooking, cleaning, washing,
scrubbing and the like?
As for Allison, please let Allison read the letters or at least explain their
content to her and what everything means.  Angel said that Allison is using her
in the same fashion as the both of you in the bathroom.  That is good and she is
progressing naturally.  It is only a matter of time when she allows angel to
serve her fully and more openly I would imagine.  Keep talking honestly with her
so that she understands fully what is happening and why you are all doing these
things.
And of course, ladies, you all still need to have your weekly open meetings. 
Angel must still be allowed a voice during these periods.  Eventually her voice
will not be heard at all otherwise unless spoken to and given permission to
speak.
All this might seem tad harsh, dear friends.  But it is all necessary training
and you will see the positive changes that result when you implement everything.
I will let you both go back to enjoying the attentions of angel and your
personal feelings of being treated like royalty.

Mistress Sasha

Mistress

Thank you for writing to me.  Mistress Beatrice has told me that I am free to
write to you, but She has insisted that She will view what is sent, albeit after
I have sent it. If She would allow me to speak to her I would thank Her.

I don't mind the pain Mistress, truly I don't, and they didn't mean to hurt me,
I know that. 

Mistress, I have to confess that there are times when even now I have sometimes
an impulse to comment when I am told to do something, and I know it is wrong of
me, but it happens and I cant help it.  The last time was when - at the weekend
- Miss Donnas told me that she was going to take me to her friends house naked
and for me to just beg her to pee into me, when I had never met her before, and
she was swearing at me so much and calling me such names and I didn't want to go
with her, not deep inside.  I didn't say anything Mistress; this was all just
inside of me.  I was crying too much to say anything Mistress.  It's just that I
didn't want to go, and eventually she didn't take me anywhere.  She left me in
the shower like normal.

Mistress, I have checked the mails I sent you, and I did tell you just about
everything that happened with Ericka and Patricia, I didn't see either of them
again after I last write to you.  Mistress Beatrice took me to the sauna and
pool complex on the Friday morning, and had me wear my bikini in the pool, and
nothing in the sauna.  In the sauna I had to wait in there until someone came in
and then I had to lie on my back and open my legs for them to see Mistress.  It
was hoped that whoever it was might comment to me, but she didn't and so I went
out and Mistress Beatrice had to slap me for failing, but I swear that I did
exactly as told Mistress. 

I am sorry - but this mail was interrupted Mistress, with work.  Now it is time
I must go home.

Thank you Mistress, I am trying to serve well

Mistress, I did ask Mistress Beatrice for her to write to you from Her mail
account, but she didn't tell me what she might do

slave angel x

angel,

I sense you are troubled.  you must realize that there is a definite difference
between impertinence and feeling that one's limits have been crossed.  Your
limits need to be respected.  While it is o.k. to test them and see if they can
be expanded upon, they need to be respected overall.
You have my permission to always voice your thoughts and fears to me.  With the
others, there should always be that time reserved when you can speak openly as
an equal.
Your Mistresses must realize that loving you and controlling you also involve
knowing your limits and protecting you from both mental and physical damage.
Please make sure Jo and Hannah are aware of their duties to you.  This is the
next level they need to learn to be successful Dommes.
I voiced worried to you and Hannah earlier about Donna and her lack of
understanding of the depths of the relationship.  She feels you are a toy to be
used and played with and then returned. She needs to learn that you are so much
more so.  And that she needs to treat you with the same respect and care that
she would use with any of Hannah's other possessions.  And additionally
something entrusted to her care doesn't give her permission to loan it out to
whomever she sees fit to do so.  She has yet to gain that trust from you,
myself, or the others.  Make sure Hannah and Jo know your feelings and limits.
And remember that limits are discovered as one goes along with life, dear.  They
can't always be rigidly defined at first except along the most general terms.

I love you and thank you for confiding your fears to me.  That is what I am here
for.

Sasha

Sunday, March 9

Sasha

Hannah and Jo asked me to write you to tell you that the slut has been
humiliated n front of all of her old friends, all 3 of them! They asked each of
them over one by one over the weekend and they came to be greeted by the slut
naked and she had to give each of them a speech about that she was a lesbian
slave and she wished they might allow her to serve them. They had her tape the
chats on Allison's old tape recorder and we listened to her whimpering away to
her 'friends'. One is interested!!!!! Carol. She fancied her, you could tell
they way she talked to her, but she did nothing, pathetic.

They had her go naked down to the old lady they are going to swap flats with
too. They've got a plan to have everyone know she is a lesbian slave.

Excellent huh?

Oh, and she is magnificent. So submissive and sweet. She now asks me if she may
lick my ass when I poo. And I let her and she thanks me. You know about me
pooing into her hands I guess?

Anyway, going out tonight so I must go.

Kisses

D


Angel,

I am very surprised that I have not heard from you in many days now.  As you
know, I worry about you, especially since you are going through important
transformations.
I received a note from Donna today telling me a little of what happened to you
over the weekend.  From her letter, I would imagine that you are out of the
closet, so to speak, as far as your role as a slave goes.  She mentioned that
some of your friends were invited over and you were presented to them in your
permanent role for them to either accept or deny you in.  She said that one of
them was maybe interested in you in your new role.
She also said that you girls are changing flats but didn't go too much further.
I would like to hear in your own words what has been happening to you and how
you feel about it.  I would also like to know more about your daily routine now
that you seem to be fully collared.  You have so many ladies demanding your
attention that you must be kept rather busy.
Please don't forget the Goddess that put all this together for you, angel.

Lovingly,

Sasha

Tuesday, March 11

Mistress

I am so sorry that I have not written to you recently.  Much of the end of last
week I was either at Miss Beatrice's home or at Patricia's offices, and I could
not get to write to you, and I so wanted to, particularly over the weekend. 
Please forgive me Mistress. Yesterday I was with Miss Beatrice at a Supplier's
offices. 

On Friday Miss Jo and Miss Hannah said we could have a meeting to discuss our
relationship, and first they wanted to discuss the move. I will explain more
about that later if I may Mistress, because then they asked me if I was happy
with how things are, and I told them in all sincerity that I was, and they asked
me if I really was certain about being a true life slave to them and Miss
Beatrice, full time, and I said that I was, then they asked me about my previous
friends, who they had been, and I told them about Carol, Sally, Kate and
Dorothy, and they asked me if they should know about my new life and who I am
now, and I said that it didn't matter what they thought as I hadn't been in
touch with them since I had known them, my Mistresses.  Miss Hannah asked me
again, and said that they should know and I said that it didn't matter what they
thought, that it truly didn't matter, and then she told me that Miss Beatrice
had suggested that every woman or girl I come into contact with now should have
the chance to see me naked, use me, sexually, and if my Mistresses approved,
also the chance to use me for the pleasure I give in being a pain slut.  She
asked me if I was happy with that, and I said that it is right if they wish it,
and she pressed me to tell her that I was happy with that.  Miss Jo then asked
me if anything they did was distressing to me, and I said nothing was, but she
said "Nothing?" and I after a while I said that I did want to orgasm, I told
them that I had pains in my groin from not cumming, but she told me that it was
a reward for being a good slave, and they had special plans to make me cum and
cum, over and over, if I was a good girl this weekend, and I told her I would
try to be good and I thanked her.  Miss Jo then asked me if I was happy with the
pain they inflicted on me, and I said Yes, then she asked if she might use more
pain, and torture (she actually used that word), and I said that I knew that
they would respect my 'safe word', and she got me to say it over and over and
she told me to use it only when it was necessary, but that they would respect
it.  Miss Hannah asked me if I was happy with Donnas, her sister, and I said I
was, and she asked me if I loved her, and I said I did, and she told me that I
should tell her so, and I promised that I would.  Then she asked me if I was
happy with what Donnas had me do, and I told her that I was proud to be allowed
to do it, and she came to me and hugged me and told me that I was a good girl. 
Then they asked me if I had anything I wanted to say, and I said there was
nothing except to thank them, and Miss Jo came over to me, pulled my hair back,
and said "Meeting over" and she pulled me by the hair into the bathroom and peed
into me.

When we were back in the room they told me to get my diary, and they looked up
the telephone numbers for Sally, Carol and Dorothy, and they told me to ring
them and get them to come over to Miss Hannah's flat, each at a separate time,
on Saturday.  I was hesitant Mistress, but I did it, then when each of them had
agreed to come over Miss Hannah told me that I was to greet them naked, and I
was to take them into the lounge and tell them that I was a lesbian sex slave to
two Mistresses and that I had been told me beg them to let me serve them in some
way.  I was weak, and begged them to let me just introduce the idea and not be
naked, but Miss Jo slapped me and told me that I was being disloyal and that it
looked as though they (my Mistresses) were not important to me, but I pleaded
with her that they were all that mattered, and that I would happily show them
whatever they wanted me to, they told me to just do it.

I am ashamed to say that I was very uncertain, all Saturday they just kept
teasing me that my friends were going to know the truth about me, to see my tits
and my cunt, and they pointed out over and over that my straight boring friends
were going to know, and at one point I did get upset, but Miss Hannah told me
that I was just showing her and Miss Jo how much they meant to me.  I didn't
know it, but they used a tape recorder to record what happened each time.  They
took me down and waited with me until they rang the bell, the bells are on the
outer door, and then they went upstairs and left me to answer the door naked. 
They told me to tell them anything they wanted to know, and not to pretend that
I was anything but a lesbian sexual slut slave and that I must not use my hands
to cover any parts of my body.  I imagine that there is little point in me
telling you the details Mistress, but none of them actually accepted me for what
I am, but Carol did touch my breast, just once, while I was making coffee, and
she did actually stay for coffee, but Dorothy and Sally were both disgusted and
puzzled with me.  Initially Dorothy was laughing, thinking I was joking, but I
made her know I wasn't and she just told me I was gross, and that I needed to
see someone and she went.

Afterwards, when Dorothy (she was last) had left I went up to my
Mistresses, and Miss Jo went down and collected the tape recorder and she
replayed the tape and they quizzed me about what Carol had said in the kitchen
when I made her a coffee, and they were disappointed that I had not begged her
to touch my cunt and do more.  But, they were genuinely pleased with me for
being honest with my friends, and they told me that I had deserved a reward, and
Mistress Jo took me by my hair into her bedroom and she and Mistress Hannah
cuffed me to the corners of the bed, spread eagled and they both undressed and
they made love to me for the longest time Mistress.  Each of them sucking on one
of my nipples until I almost screamed.  Miss Jo got her panties and put them
into my mouth.  I was in heaven, and then in nirvana and eventually I must have
just passed out.  Miss Jo fisted me while Miss Hannah sat on my face and allowed
me to taste her, and Miss Hannah sucked on my clit until I couldn't bear it and
I must have cum and cum.  Mistress, it was wonderful and completely exhausting. 
They played with and pulled at my cunt lips and my clitoris and Miss Jo sat on
my face and slapped my cunt until I came, just from her slaps.  They fingered my
bottom and sucked my nipples over and over Mistress.  I have no idea how many
times I came but it was so wonderful.  Miss Jo woke me later, apparently they
left me for an hour, she woke me pulling on my nipple, which was still sensitive
from her sucking on it earlier, and she told me that "That's what happens to a
good slave" and kissed me then she sat on me and peed into me and I thanked her
so much.  She released me to go and wash the dishes, and I asked her if I might
thank Mistress Hannah too, and she allowed me to and she kissed me so
passionately and for the longest time.

Miss Beatrice took me to Patricia's offices twice last week, and to her home
(Miss Beatrice's home).  Her cleaner picked me up from the flat, and almost as
soon as I got in she told me that Miss Beatrice had told her to tell me that she
knew I was a nude model and that Miss Beatrice had said that I would probably be
naked under my coat.  She didn't do or say anything else on the way there, but
when we got there she let me in and asked to take my coat and I put down my bag
(I had my denim mini in there with a shortie t-shirt, one of Miss Allison's) and
undid my coat and she watched me and she didn't say a thing as I stood there
naked in front of her.  She took my coat and hung it up somewhere and then came
back to me and said that Miss Beatrice would be back in a minute and she asked
me if I wanted to wait there, and I said that I didn't mind, so she just left me
there naked in the hall.  Miss Beatrice came about half an hour later and we
spent the day with her just working and her sending me to get coffee and each
time I had to wait naked in the kitchen with Mrs. Roberts looking at me, and I
had to go and get things for her, and ever now and then she fondled me as she
thought and while she was on the phone she fingered me and pulled at my nipples,
and twice we went to her bedroom for me to delight her.  That's the way she
described it, she just said to me "Time for you to delight slave" and she led me
upstairs.  She got me a taxi to get me back home afterwards, and she allowed me
to dress for the journey.

At Patricia's offices I was naked Mistress, much of the time, they had me trying
on lingerie and getting things to fit me, with Patricia, Miss Beatrice and two
of her assistants dressing me.  They were so matter of fact and said nothing
about me being naked.  Patricia just introduced me as one of Miss Beatrice's
people and that I was there to be fitted, and she told me to strip to have my
measurements taken and I was very good Mistress, I didn't flinch when she told
me to strip, I just undid my mini and let it drop and took my shirt off and they
just treated me like a dummy, like a manikin, trying panties and thongs on me,
bustier, all sorts of things.  Mistress, I have just thought that I have not
told you, She "Outed" me at work on Friday.  She called everyone together late
Friday afternoon for a 'Town Meeting' - she has them every now and then and she
told them that I was about to change my position, and she told them that I had
told her that I was a lesbian and that she had asked me if I wanted her to tell
the others, and she said that I had suggested that it would be fair, and that I
was not ashamed of my sexuality.  She hadn't discussed anything with me
Mistress, about me announcing anything, and I know I went so red in the face
when she said it and everyone turned and looked to me.  There are 11 women on
our floor at the office and now all of them know.  Most haven't mentioned
anything today (I wasn't in here yesterday), only one asked me when I got in
this morning if I had a girlfriend and I told her that I had a few (Mistress
Hannah and Mistress Jo had told me to say that if anyone asked).  They and Miss
Beatrice have been sending one another notes all last week, via me, and usually
they were sealed in an envelope, but the note she gave me on Friday she handed
me open and all she had written on it was the word "Outed".

I have to tell you about the move. Or possible move.   We might have a chance to
all live in one flat, though we already spend most of our time in Mistress Jo
and Mistress Allison's flat anyway.  On my way in, I think it was on Tuesday
last week; Mrs. Jacobson (she is an old lady who lives across the corridor from
me) called me in as I was passing her door. 
Actually, first I need to tell you about how the house is arranged.  It's a
conversion, into four flats (apartments) and my old flat is just the front left
hand corner, I have a lounge, bedroom, the box room, a tiny kitchen and bathroom
with a shower and bath.  Upstairs the layout is completely different and I
presume that both flats are the same size as Mistress Jo's, with two good-sized
bedrooms rather than my one.  The other flat downstairs covers all of the right
hand side of the house and behind mine, so it has three bedrooms.  Mrs. Johnson
lives in that flat.

Anyway, Mrs. Johnson popped out of her flat as I came in on Tuesday.  I had my
coat on.  She wondered if I was ok and if I had a minute.  I went in with her
and she asked me if my 'friend' was sharing my flat with me, she had noticed
that Mistress Hannah was coming in and apparently she met her briefly about a
week ago.  She asked me if I wanted a coffee and I told her that I should get
in, and she told me that she wanted to ask me if my friend was going to be
staying with me did I want to change flats, because hers is rather big for her,
so I told her that I would talk it over with Hannah, and she just asked me to
let her know, and she said it was really nice to chat and that I should pop in
anytime if I am on my own.
When I got in, I waited for Miss Allison to undress me, then she took me though
to the kitchen and they were all there, and I asked to speak, and
I told them about Miss Johnson and what she had said, and everyone was so
excited.  They told me to go back down and talk to her about when she might
move, and about her contract, and Miss Jo was about to send me out to her naked
and just as I was getting scared that it might scare Miss Johnson if I arrived
naked Miss Allison said she would dress me to go, and she allowed me to wear the
just the transparent top.
Miss Johnson was delighted to see me when I knocked and she made me a tea and
didn't say anything about what I was wearing, and we chatted for quite a while
about swapping flats and her contract is due in a month, that's why she was
thinking about moving.  She sat right next to me on the sofa and I kept feeling
a little awkward seeing my bare legs and my breasts through and over my top but
she put me at my ease by not mentioning it at all and after a while I didn't
care.  She was obviously ok about it anyway.  She even gave me a little hug when
I left.  Everyone was excited about the chance of us moving, and they want me to
go down to Mrs. Johnson again sometime, with Mistress Hannah and look over the
whole flat, for them to decide what rooms they will have.  They asked me if I
had told Mrs. Johnson that I was a lesbian, and I told them I hadn't, and they
told me tomorrow I would have to tell her.

Then, Miss Allison started, and she took me to the bathroom and she went to the
toilet and then allowed me to bathe her.  That was the first time
Mistress, with Miss Allison, and it was wonderful washing her young body. 
She left me there in the bathroom, and Mistress Jo came in and I served her, and
she told me how pleased she was with me, then Mistress Hannah allowed me to
bathe her too, and she was very happy, then, when she was done she told me to go
to Miss Allison then to join her and Mistress Jo later in Mistress Jo's bed. 
Mistress Allison just wanted me to lick her until she came.  Mistress, now she
just leans back on her bed and opens her legs and she closes her eyes and I am
allowed to kiss her beautiful pussy, and lick her until she cums, then sometimes
she plays with my bottom and spanks or uses a ruler on me, but that first time
she just told me to go to her mom.  She had cuffed my hands behind my back and
my feet together to I had to just go on my knees, stumbling out of her room.  I
had a really hard time grabbing her door handle with my mouth to try to open it.

Mistress, although I do have times of weakness, I am happy, so happy, especially
when they are happy with me.  I was really unsure about seeing my old friends
like that, and of telling them, but I kept thinking of
Mistress Hannah telling me that it was a way of showing them how I felt about
them, my Mistresses, and I was calm, inside, and all of my butterflies (well,
maybe not all of them) were calmed.  I even love Miss Donnas now Mistress, and I
know that, deep inside of me.  I know that she is right to use me as she wishes,
and she makes me feel special, she told me one night last week that mine is the
only tongue ever to be inside of her bottom.  She has changed Mistress, in what
she has me do, and though it may sound disgusting, well, I just feel you should
know.  She does not use the toilet at all now, when she visits.  When she wants
to pee she either pees over me in the shower or she sometimes allows me to put
my mouth over her and she pees into me.  When she wants to shit, she leans over
the hand basin and has me hold my hands and catch her shit and place it in the
toilet.  Then I have to wash my hands and lick her beautiful bottom clean.  She
has tan lines from a brief bikini, and white cheeks and beautifully tanned legs
and thighs Mistress.  And she always allows me to thank her for using me.  She
still calls me names, but she is not cruel to anything or me.  It is just her
way.  She has talked to Mistress Hannah about bringing a friend of hers over to
meet me, but nothing has come of that yet.  One thing is strange, but inevitable
I suppose Mistress.  They all tend to talk about me rather than to me most of
the time now.   It's just strange sometimes, it's as if I were not even there. 
When I do talk, I am not allowed to refer to any parts of my body as 'mine', its
always 'the cunt' or 'the tits' not my cunt or my tits.  They made it clear
early last week that this body is not min now, it belongs to them, and I am
happy that they have accepted it.

Today, I have one of my old skirts on, Its a size 10, and I'm now a size 8, so
it keeps falling down over my hips, and my shirt doesn't reach it, so I have my
midriff showing almost all the time, right down to my mons, but Miss Beatrice
has told me not to keep pulling it up all the time, she got quite cross with me
about that earlier.  She is in a board meeting this morning. 

I will send this now Mistress.  In the hope that you see it when you awake, and
to make sure you know that you are still a part of who we all are.  Mistress
Hannah and Mistress Jo insisted that I write to you and they sent a note to Miss
Beatrice this morning with me and it must have mentioned it, because she told me
to come and write to you.  She also told me that I would have more to write to
you about tomorrow.

Thank you Mistress.  


Xxx with a slaves love

Angel

Angel,

So nice to finally hear from you.  Your life is quickly fitting into the mold I
have set forth for you.
I would gather that you are almost ready to be bound by a contract permanently. 
If you wish I will start constructing one for you.  But realize the seriousness
of your decision.  It would be something legal and binding.  Stephanie XXXXXXXXX
would disappear in effect except for the 8 hours a day in which you work closely
supervised.  You would have no possessions, no money, and no nothing except for
what is provided for you by your Mistresses.
As you can see it is a difficult life at times and, as you notice, you are being
spoken to less except when needed and ignored in conversations.  You appear to
be satisfied being relegated to being a fixture.
You did very well exposing yourself to your former friends.  I do not think that
there is any loss there because, in your position, you are not allowed friends
beyond what your Mistresses permit.
I am a little distressed that you were so openly "outed" at work.  I have always
worked hard at trying to separate your private life from your work.  That you
have just been promoted to Beatrice's assistant and had it announced that you
are a lesbian is tricky.  This can lead to the office thinking that you were
elevated to this position because of your sexual orientation.
This would be a shame because you are so talented at what you do and have such
great skills.  I have always wanted you to succeed in your career based on your
merits.  Women talk, angel.  Often more than men.  I just don't want there to be
whispers whenever you and Beatrice are working behind closed doors.  These
whispers tend to follow one around throughout one's career. I know that you are
what I have molded you into, dearest angel.  But I most certainly have not
molded you into an office trollop.  With your promotion I would also like to
know what financial remuneration you are receiving as a result of it. 
Considering how non-traditional your "services" are to Beatrice and the risks
being taken considering her "outing" you, I would hope that the raise was
substantial.  Because Beatrice has never seen fit to write me, I have never been
able to enter into a dialogue with her.  This is regrettable because I have
always desired that your career be fulfilling as well as your life since one
feeds the other.
And how do you feel about the orgasm deprivation, angel?  Aren't the ones you
are allowed more powerful and enjoyable?
It was all in the plan, dearest. It was all in the plan.
Please keep writing me.  Your letters to me are your daily diaries.  I am always
here for you.  Your thoughts are fears are real to me so do not hesitate to
mention anything on your mind.  Between you and I, you are allowed to have
thoughts and express them to me.

Lovingly,

Sasha

Ladies,

Just a quick note to tell you all what a fine job you are doing.  I am so proud
of what you have accomplished in such a short period of time.  You all need to
look at your calendars to remind yourselves of just how short a time it has
been.  And the strides you all have made!  You have gone beyond being just
dominants but managing a very complex relationship with several women all
managing the love, affections, and servitude of one extraordinary slave.
While you might have at first doubted the possibilities of this relationship
lasting a lifetime, I am sure you see that as your fondest wish now.  I am most
interested in the opinions of our youngest
Mistress in these regards.  I would love to hear from her to see where she sees
this going.
I love the idea of you all moving into one common flat.  Please make sure
angel's name appears nowhere on any legal documents in that regards.  It is the
goal now for Stephanie to cease to exist except as your property.  Consequently,
it would be wise to close her bank accounts and move the funds into a common
household account.  Her work paychecks would be directly deposited there as
well.  And, of course, she would not have access to this account.   It will be
up to your ladies to provide for her every need.  I have been debating about
going the full route and having you girls shave angel's head.  It is actually
the only way for her to be fully nude.  Look around for a shop that sells
expensive, high quality wigs for her to wear outside the house.  It should
approximate what she currently has.  And yes, I know you like pulling her around
by her hair.  But it would be better torture to pull her around by the chain
joining the rings pierced into her nipples, wouldn't it?  Especially if that
chain also had a stand leading down to the rind on her clitoral hood.  Trust me,
ladies; she will follow rather quickly pulled in that fashion.
Also I would like for you to think about having her pubic hair permanently
removed by lasers.  It is a little pricey but the advantages of never having to
shave her makes your slave rather low maintenance.
And her skin will always be baby soft as well.  As petite as she is, with such
small breasts, if she was totally hairless, she would be the perfect little
slave girl always.
And feel free to step up the whippings, ladies, you would be surprised at how
much pain your slave needs and can take.
Hannah, have you investigated getting her a chastity belt yet?  I am hoping you
have. I have found a few resources and doing this is no problem. The advantages
of her having no access at all to herself yet having her pussy and ass filled at
all times is delightful torture.  At least then you will know she is always in a
state of sexual arousal and frustration.  In this state you should be able to
make her cum just by kissing her with the whip.  Only that.  No other
stimulation.  Make her crave both the pain and the orgasm.  Eventually the two
will intertwine themselves inseparably.  She will orgasm in the chastity belt
whenever you punish her very hard.  And don't be afraid about breaking the skin
either.  I would recommend placing a hook in the ceiling of your new flat to
hang her arms from for whippings. This is how a slave receives them.  I would
also advise you to purchase a formal riding crop and cat of nine tails whip and
learn how to use them.  There are books on this subject.  These are implements
that angel must be made to bring you for you to use on her.  This is her
acceptance of her position and what is about to happen to her.
I would love to hear more from each of you.  Your comments, thoughts, and
suggestions are most welcome.
Just because you have progressed so far, please understand that there is so much
more to learn.  The only stupid questions you will have are those you don't ask
because then you will never know the answers.

Love and kisses, my loves,

Sasha

Wednesday March 12

Mistress

Last night the last of my dignity was shred, and I now know that I am committed
completely and fully to being a slave and to having everyone know it.  Miss
Beatrice had invited any of the office that could stay behind last night to stay
to form part of a 'Consumer Panel' to review some of Miss Patricia's product
range, and I have now seen the mail that Miss
Beatrice sent out, in it she said, "Steph, being the one who is least likely to
be embarrassed at being naked in front of the rest of the team, will be modeling
new ranges of lingerie and I would appreciate as complete a panel as possible".

I didn't know anything of it, until at 4:00 Miss Beatrice called me in -
I now have a beeper and have to go to her when it beeps (she gave it to me
yesterday afternoon).  I got in, Miss Patricia was there, and Miss Beatrice told
me that tonight all of the office were wanting to see me naked, and she
explained what she had said to them and she said that everyone was going to be
here at 5:00 for me to be 'further humiliated'.  She told me, and later Mistress
Jo and Mistress Hannah confirmed it; they have agreed that my status in the
office is to be changed to "Team Assistant" as far as anyone is concerned, but
that I will continue to do my projects but they will be in Miss Beatrice's and
Mistress Jo's name. 
Mistress Jo is to be paid a salary of ?25,000 a year and my salary is to be
reduced by ?15,000.  She told me, and later she did, announce to everyone that I
am there to be used to perform any menial tasks anyone has, typing, filing,
working on Excel, anything, and that they just have to respect that when my
beeper goes I have to be released to go.  She told everyone in the team that
they mustn't think of me being in the same status as I had been, that I am now
just there to assist anyone, and they must call on me to help them whenever they
wished, however they wished.  She told everyone that she had employed a new
person, Mrs. White (that's Mistress Jo) but that she would be working from her
own offices, and that I had almost begged Miss Beatrice to keep a job.  It was
so embarrassing Mistress.  Some people were looking sad and others were
obviously ok about my demotion.  Everyone was sitting in a square around Miss
Beatrice's door.  Miss Beatrice opened her office door and introduced Miss
Patricia, and said that this is what the meeting was really about (Miss Patricia
had not been with us when she told them about me), and she handed over to Miss
Patricia, and she pulled in a rack of her lingerie, and she told them that they
were to be modeled, and that its important that they look at the clothes and not
the person, and she said that to achieve it, its usual to have the model naked
first so that any inhibitions are dispelled and that everyone gets used to just
seeing the model as a clothes horse, and she said that Miss Beatrice had said
that she could use me as the clothes horse, and she turned to me, and she undid
my buttons on my blouse and pulled it off my shoulders and pulled down my skirt. 
She stood back and I could have died Mistress, I was numb, and I was just aware
of her telling people that it isn't necessary for women to shave to show off her
lingerie and she touched my mons and I was shocked, and some people laughed.  I
was completely speechless Mistress, just so shocked.  Miss Patricia handed me
some sheets and told me to distribute them, and she explained that they were the
comments sheets, and she pushed me forwards and I didn't know where to go, I
just didn't want to do it, just because I was still shocked Mistress.  I was
naked in front of all these women I have known for what, 4 months, and some I
was friends with, and now I was handing papers out to them naked in the office.

Then, once I had handed out the papers, and I had not been able to look at
anyone in the face, I just looked down and didn't believe I was there naked,
seeing the tits and my nipples jutting out in front of them, each of them as
they took a sheet from me.  I walked around to stand in front of each of them. 
When I got back to Miss Patricia she put her arm around my back and said "There,
now we are all comfortable with her body I imagine, so lets look at some of the
outfits, and she dressed me in various skimpy things and had me walk over to
each person and turn for them, each time, and when she tried a bra on me she
didn't put on panties and when I had panties on she didn't put a bra on, so I
only every had one thing on, and at the end Patricia asked if anyone wanted to
see anything else, and only one said anything, Jen asked to see a thong, so Miss
Patricia took off the panties I had on and gave me the thong and told me to give
it to Jen.  She held it and looked at it then said she thought of me having it
on again, and Miss Beatrice told her to put it on me, and she held it down and I
stepped into it and she pulled them up high and between the cheeks of the
bottom.

Miss Patricia called me back when Jen indicated that she was ok and she wrote
something on her sheet, then she sent me to each person again to collect the
comment sheets.  Miss Beatrice thanked everyone, and said that it had been
useful, and she came over to me and said that our model had performed very well
I think you all will agree, and the girls clapped me.

Miss Beatrice told me that I should give the thong back to Patricia, so I took
it off and handed it to her, and then she thanked everyone dismissed the
meeting, and she whispered to me to go and talk with the girls and she pushed me
forwards.  I went to Jen, she was standing with two others, and I just stood
there and Penny said that I was very brave to do that, and she looked up and
down my body and I told her that I hadn't known about it, and she looked shocked
and said that she couldn't undress in front of others like that, and I told her
that I didn't mind really.
Jen said she was glad that I was going to be staying and she was sad about the
demotion, then she said 'but you do look good in the outfits' and I said thank
you. Then they went and there was only Miss Beatrice Patricia and I left, and
Patricia came over to me and put her arm over my shoulder and her hand on my
breast and she fondled me as she talked to Miss Beatrice about how much fun it
had been.   

Miss Beatrice said her goodbyes to Patricia, and Patricia squeezed my nipple and
told me that I must visit her sometime and she went, and Miss Beatrice told me
hat I had been excellent, and that now everyone knows my position. She said,
"None of them can be in any doubt". Miss Beatrice let me dress and she drove me
home. 

I was upset in the car Mistress, because I am still weak. When I got in
I gave them the Sharp and told them there was a note from you. They sent me into
the bathroom and Miss Jo followed me in and cuffed me to the toilet (they do
that sometimes).  Later, Miss Hannah came and got me and they all wanted to know
exactly what had happened with Patricia and Miss
Beatrice and I told them and they were so excited.  Miss Jo sent me into the
kitchen to get Miss Allison some pizza as she was going out. I gave Miss Allison
her pizza when it was cooked, and she took it and me into her room and she told
me she had written to you Mistress, and then she flicked the ruler on me as she
ate.

When she had gone, Mistress Jo and Mistress Hannah asked me for more details
about work and what happened. While I was telling them I got upset when I
thought of how completely humiliated I had been, but Mistress Jo and Mistress
Hannah explained to me that I don't have to worry about anything except pleasing
them, and they both kissed me when they saw me crying and they were so sweet to
me.  They told me they would take care of me always, and they told me that I
should trust them, and I do, and I begged them to forgive me, I begged and
begged them, I was crying so much that they thought I didn't trust them and Miss
Hannah offered to beat me for my lack of faith, and I begged her to and they
tied me to the table and beat me and beat me with a belt and the strap, and I
felt cleansed Mistress, and I swore to them that I do trust them completely and
absolutely. And I begged them to beat me again if ever I was to show that I did
not trust them.

Mistress, I was so relieved in a way. Relieved that they love me so much that
they didn't even ask me about the changes they have arranged, and they have
looked after me.

I have to go now Mistress but I will try to write more later.

angel xxxxx


(From Allison)

Mistress Sasha
Mum and Hannah have let me reply to you for all of us. We love the slave, all of
us and we love the sharing of her. Right now I never want to get married or
anything but to live here with mum, Hannah and the slave and just between us one
day I am gonna have the slave make love with me when I'm with Hannah and with my
mom, I love them all sooooo much. I've watched Hannah lots of times with the
slave I sit on the bed sometimes and play with it when Hannah is being licked or
when she sits on the slaves face and once I watched mom with it through her
door. I even like watching it serve like that.
Mom and Hannah read your note to us together, mom has finally agreed that I am
old enough to be a real part of this and she let me read it. She asked me if I
wanted to write back to you. We all want to enjoy torturing her and we have
started this weekend torturing her cunt lips by pulling them hard whenever we
want and pulling on her nipples mom asked me about us having her head shaved she
waited for me and when I said cool she went wild about it and we all hugged each
other. The slave wasn't there then she was cuffed to the toilet so she couldn't
hear us. Mom is going to write to Beatrice about us starting by just chopping
her hair real short first, but she wants to know how it will be at work.  Do you
know I let it suck my cunt now? What she does to me is indescribable. It's
another world. And I do beat her with a ruler, I have an 18" one I use on her,
on her cunt and tits and nipples, everywhere. But I go riding on Saturdays and
mom asked me to see if I can get one of the crops to bring home so I will.  We
got her ready for her day being shown on Friday and we waxed her again. She
squeals cos we pull the strips off really slowly and her cunt gets soooooo wet
from it and her nipples look fit to burst.
We are thinking of getting a garden hammock for her to be hung from, you know,
take away the bed sling part and hand her from her feet and arms on the ends.
Its a big metal frame with t's at the ends but we need real leather cuffs cos we
don't think these ones will hold her weight. Hannah and mom just told me to send
you their love.  gotta go.
It was upset at first when it got home tonight but Hannah and mom settled her
and she is ok now, we got ?10,000 more now and maybe some bonus sometimes. I
can't wait to move downstairs.
Lots of love
Miss Allison
Mistress Sasha I have to tell you something else. I've told Ronnie about the
slave. I told her about a week ago. She asked me if she still came up to see us
and I just had to tell her and now every break time at school all we do is talk
about her. She doesn't know about mom and Hannah or anything just about her and
me and she plays with herself every time I tell her about the slave. I just had
to tell someone. Mom doesn't think I should tell any of my friends but Ronnie is
different and I know she won't tell. And don't tell mom that I watched her ok.


Sasha
Allison has gone out now, and I'm glad she has, we have just beaten the slave
because she begged us to. She knows her place Sasha, so beautifully.  But I'm
not sure I want Allison to see us like we were with her, not yet
Anyway this is just a brief note to tell you about our financial situation.
Beatrice, slaves employer has employed me, I have signed the contract and so has
she. In effect we are ?10,000 a year better off. Beatrice believed that having
slave have two lives, one as a slave and another as someone who has people
working for her would be unsettling and possibly dangerous mentally for slave,
so we have agreed that she is demoted and on paper I am employed. We both have 6
mths notice period and 1 mth notice to quit and Beatrice is setting up a private
trust that if either of us are dismissed we will be able to claim ?50000 from
her. She is having her lawyer draw it up. So don't worry bout the money side and
we agree with her that slave needs to be settled as what she is at all times,
work or home.
Isn't the flat news brilliant? Han is going to take slave down to see the flat
tonight. We will let you know how it goes.
Kisses
Jo and Hannah

Mistress

I have just come from Wages Department.  Before that I was with Miss
Beatrice. She asked me how I was feeling and I told her I was happy but she
wanted to know how I was feeling and I told her I was excited at just coming
into her office, but that this morning I was very nervous at coming in knowing
that all the girls had seen me naked, and she scolded me and said that I must
show more respect to my betters.  The teams are all Ladies and I am just a
slave. I must refer to them by their surname, or Ladies, or directly to them
they are Miss. She had undone my shirt and was pulling at my nipples, which
really hurt from last night but that was my fault and I said nothing.  Then she
told me that Miss Jo had written to her (I handed her the note this morning) and
toilets are not for slaves, they are only for ladies.  I am not to use the
toilets.  If I am absolutely desperate I must ask Miss Beatrice's permission and
if she allows it I must go to the Castle Park (about 5 minutes walk from here)
and pee there.  If I need to deposit solid waste, if she allows it I will be
issued with tissue, and do it into the tissues and deposit it in the tissues
into a 'dog waste' bin in the park.  She asked me if I understood and I said Yes
Mistress, but she pulled really hard on my nipples and she told me that she is
Miss Beatrice at all times.  Josephine and Hannah are my Mistresses.

Then she dictated a letter and I typed it, and signed it in front of her. It was
telling wages department to change the account for my salary payments from my
bank to Mistress Jo's.  I have just come from wages, I gave them the letter and
they didn't read it while I was there.  I was glad they didn't at the time, but
now I almost wish they had.  I am not ashamed.

I asked Miss Beatrice if I might ask her something, and she said I could, and I
told her that you were a little upset that you had not heard from you, and she
told me to tell you that you can write to me through her and she would be very
happy to hear from you, and she told me to tell you that You have trained a very
useful slave indeed, and she told me to thank you from her.

I have to go again, I have the drafts here to sign off.

slave angel  xxx

Angel,

I received all your letters.  I am glad you are proud of your status and are
adjusting well.  Like I told you earlier, all you have to do is trust your
Mistresses and obey.  The adjustment can be hard but is necessary so that you
can really accept who and what you now are.
While I don't totally agree with what happened in your office with everybody
there, I do think that it was done tactfully and you did your job very well.
And putting Jo on the payroll was also smart and it did accomplish what I wished
for it to.
You can be very proud of yourself also.  Allison never wants to leave you.  I
don't think that there is any man out there that will ever be able to satisfy
her the way that you do.  I feel that you have created yet another dedicated
lesbian follower.  And do remember that it is you that they are following.  With
Allison, I would gently encourage her to learn how to lick either you or Hannah. 
She does love watching you with Hannah so much.  She should be encouraged to
take a more active role and to enjoy giving as much as she does receiving.
Suffice it to say, they all love you very much and only wish for you to derive
the maximum amount of pleasure from serving them.  And you show your love for
them so well by obeying.  And don't worry about showing weaknesses.  They only
show that you are human and very intelligent.  If you showed no weaknesses then
there would be something to worry about.  Either you didn't care at all what
happened to you or you were bottling your feelings up inside.  One of the very
special things about you is that you are so open with your feelings.  Your
mistresses can experience what they are doing to you by you expressing them. 
This only gives them (and me) much better input on how to treat you in the
future.
Continue to serve.  Continue to obey.  And continue to receive pleasure from
everything that is happening to you.

Mistress Sasha

Ladies,

I was so glad to hear from Allison today.  And I am also glad that Jo is now in
charge of the slave's finances. You must consider on how to use the extra funds
the slave's actions are now bringing into the household.
Hopefully they will provide you the ability to do things to make the slave's
life a little harsher.  The issues of piercing her should no longer be and
issue.  Nor would having her pubic hair permanently removed.
You also might think very seriously about getting a computer with a web cam for
your home as well so I can better contact you all and see the results from all
my labors as well.
Allison told me about arranging a hammock for it to be suspended from during the
nights.  You have to be careful doing that for extended periods of time because
of the strain on its wrists and ankles.
Consider this idea instead.  I personally would purchase a large dog's cage for
her to reside in during the nights.  Now, you can get a dog's bed for her to
curl up into but you can also secure her very nicely inside the cage.  A collar
around its neck chained to the roof of the cage will hold it up. It's knees and
wrists may be secured to each corner.  And a belt around it's waist secured to
the rear of the cage will keep it's pussy and ass right up against the rear wall
so it may have something put inside it for the night.  Gag her, blindfold her
and leave her secured like that on all fours for the night to sleep.  Maybe you
should give it an enema first and then plug its ass so it can feel the water
cramping it during the night.  Trust me, it does want all this.  It just doesn't
know it yet.  Lol!
Remember, ladies, that torture is an art form not restricted to just the church. 
Be inventive.
When thinking about shaving its head.  Do it all at once and tie her sitting up
in a chair first.  Don't let it adjust to shorter hair first.  Go for the shock
value.  But make sure that you already have a very nice wig for it to wear at
work that is very close to what she has now.  What we want to do is get the full
shock value in its mind of its status to you.  But we also want to minimize the
thoughts running through it's head about what it will do when it has to leave
the home.  Please always remember that it is a very intelligent animal.  And its
intelligence is a big reason why you all love it so much.  And it is that
intelligence that makes what you are doing to it so delicious.  It is all it
thinks about.  Also very special is you knowing exactly how much it loves you
all not only because of who and what you all are but because of how you treat
it.
I am very glad to hear how well you comfort it when it has doubts or fears. 
Please continue to always do so.
Showing love is so important for you all to do to it.
Those fears and doubts should only show you all that it is human and very
intelligent as well as loving.
Allison, I was so glad to hear how you feel about it and the relationship you
all have formed.  I will tell you, as will Hannah and your mother that there is
very little any man could ever do to make you feel close to how you feel when
you are with it.  All your lives are at a sexual high that will be very hard for
anyone else to duplicate.  I would encourage you to take the next step and see
about joining in more and giving more pleasure to either it or Hannah.  Just do
to it or Hannah what you have come to love having done to you.  But please, if
you will, try your first time orally with it.  After all, it was the one who
brought you to the understanding of what you are now and will be for what might
be the rest of your life.  Call it a reward.
And Jo, I would suggest that you invite your daughter into your bedroom to watch
how it pleases you.  You all know what you all do with it.  There is no reason
to hide it because of your maternal relationship.  I think that you are all
close enough now and your relationship has matured through talking and
understanding that there shouldn't be any embarrassment by Allison seeing you
orgasm or vice versa.
You should be as pleased and proud of the pleasure you are receiving from it
that you should share it with each other.  It will only bring you to a closeness
that will last all your lives.  Again, trust me on this.  Besides, you can each
flog its ass when it is servicing the other.  And Hannah, I know you will find a
way to insert yourself into the pile somewhere.
Maybe Jo can give her daughter some pointers on how to please you also.
Isn't family life wonderful?  You are all my family.

Sasha

Thursday, March 13


Mistress Sasha

Mistress, I am going to have a note attached to this from Miss Beatrice.  I
didn't see your mail to my Mistresses last night before I left, forgive me but
this note explains why.  I shall copy it to the Sharp and give it to them
tonight Mistress.  I do have a note from Miss Jo also.

Last evening, at about 4:00, I had a pain attack from my gallstone problem, I
was in agony, and she and Ericka, her secretary, took me into her room, I was
doubled up Mistress. It is as if someone has stabbed a knife in me, it truly is
painful Mistress.  I explained to them that I had had attacks before, and that
they go away after about an hour or two, and Miss Beatrice asked me what I was
doing about it, and I told her I was waiting an NHS (National Health Service)
appointment to have it removed, and she just called me a silly girl and asked me
why I hadn't used the Company Private Health plan, but I explained to Her that
as it was diagnosed before I joined it was not covered, and she called her
Doctor.  The Doctor came, to the office, and Miss Beatrice told her to get a
private appointment for me, but the Doctor explained that she had to get my
notes, so Miss Beatrice told her to.   I think the Doctor was as much a friend
as a Doctor, as they greeted and talked to each other with their first names. 
Miss Beatrice and Ericka drove me home after the Doctor had gone.  They didn't
come up, they just saw me in.

This morning I had to go to her Doctor's office and she had my notes, and she
examined me more fully (I am fully dressed today, including a pair of Miss
Allison's panties). She told me I was grossly underweight (I was 6st 8lbs - I
used to be 8st), and I told her I had been avoiding fats in foods.  She has
booked a hospital appointment for the operation on Saturday morning, in a
private hospital. She had called Miss Beatrice and told her before actually
booking me in.  I have notes about what I should and shouldn't eat and drink
tomorrow and Saturday morning. I have to be at the clinic at 7:30.

When I got in, Miss Beatrice was concerned and wonderful, and she told me, well,
she held my face in her hands and told me "Child, your health is important to
too many people. You must always tell me if you need any attention" and she
emphasized "Anything to do with your health" and she told me that she will
always take care of my health.  I thanked her and almost started to cry I was so
touched.  I asked her if I could take off the panties, and she asked why, and I
said that I am not allowed to wear them except when necessary and it's no longer
necessary, and she told me to take them off, and she put them in her bag.

Yesterday, here in the office, hardly any of the Ladies talked to me, well some
did, but they didn't have me do anything, and that was useful because I had
other things to do, but this morning, since I first came into the office I have
been kept busy until now.  I've told them that I have things to do for Miss
Beatrice, which is true, as she told me to look to see if you had written to
Her.

I have helped someone carry some parcels, and I have addressed some envelopes. I
did some filing for Penny and Jen, and for each of them they got me to do their
job and they just watched me do it, its not as if they were saving time to get
other things done.  But I don't mind, it just seemed strange that's all.  Oh,
and I have been to the coffee machine for almost everyone on the floor, at least
once. 

Last night, when Miss Beatrice took me home, I was still in some pain, though
the painkillers the Doctor had given me were beginning to work. 
Miss Allison stripped me and asked me what was wrong and she took me through and
I told my Mistresses and they were all so concerned for me.  They were
wonderful; though the pain was subsiding they insisted that I rested on the
sofa.  Mistress Hannah was so sweet, she was cuddling me, so was Miss Allison,
in fact they were all being so nice to me it almost felt uncomfortable, and even
later when I was ok, Mistress Jo suggested to
Mistress Hannah that she just took me to bed, and she did, and she just cuddled
me to sleep.  She did wake me in the night, to do her toilet, and I was so
pleased Mistress.

I have a word document from Miss Beatrice for you Mistress.  As with the others
I have not read it, she told me to attach it without reading it.

Mistress.

I will send this now Mistress, and perhaps write again later.

angel   xxx

Sasha

Your angel is asleep with Hannah; I just looked in on them. They are both so
precious. Allison is watching Friends (again!!!), slave is recovered from her
gallstone pain, and I am sitting here looking at the notes you have sent us and
I thought I would write to you.
We were going to have her cut up her credit cards tonight and her checkbook. We
have prepared letters for her to write to the bank and credit card companies to
close her accounts, but she can do that tomorrow.
Also we were going to formally rename her, and I hope you will be pleased with
this.
She is going to be told that her name is slave, but when in innocent company she
may be introduced or may introduce herself as angel. She is no longer steph. She
must start to inform people who know her that they may choose which name they
call her. Beatrice has agreed with this and is going to introduce the angel name
in the office.

Things are going ahead with the flats.  We have been to Mrs. Xxxxx the landlady
and she is ok.  Hannah and I will be the signatories and we have to pay 20% of
the lease payments on our flat until it is relet.  Han wondered if we should
offer the slave to Mrs. Xxxxx in place of payment,
ha ha.

We were going to ask you about beating the slave. We all, her included, got very
excited when we beat her the other night and we wonder if doing it just for
excitement will diminish its value as a punishment. What do you think?
Well, Friends is finished so its time for bed alone for the 1st time in a long
time
Jo with kisses
Jo and Han

Sasha

I write to just inform you that your slave was taken ill last night - a fact
that she will doubtless inform you of herself) and we have arranged for her to
have the necessary operation on Saturday. I have tried to impress on the silly
girl that no matter how she may be treated, here or at home, her health is
important and she has to understand that just as she has no will of her own, she
also has to right to keep such issues a secret.

I have informed her, and her Mistresses, and now I write to inform you, I will
cover her health costs, without question.

I asked her if you had written to me, but I understand you have written to her
Mistresses, which is as it should be.

I thank you and them for allowing me to experience this, what has for some time
now, being just a fantasy. I have already come further than I had ever dared to
dream.

Assuring you that I shall take care of your slave when she is under my
supervision.

Beatrice

Angel,

You must take better care of yourself, like Beatrice told you.  You never told
me about your weight dropping so low.  You must put yourself on a little higher
priority in the future.  Suffice it to say, you have many people who love you
and who will take care of you throughout this bout of illness.  These instances
are when you will see that for yourself if you had ever doubted it.
I wish I could hold you to heal you, angel.  But I know you are safe in the arms
of many who will do so for me in both my name and theirs.

Lovingly (with worry)

Sasha

Mistress

Please don't worry about me, please. I am fine now.  I only know about the
gallstone when it is painful and that has only been a few times. 
Truly Mistress, I am fine. Please don't worry.

angel  xxx

Mistress

Ericka, Miss Beatrice's secretary, has been so nice to me today, and she once
put her hand on my bottom while she asked me if I was ok and she has put her arm
around me a couple of times.  Before today she has always been a little cold
towards me. I've been kept busy today, and that's good. I am not good at sitting
about. I have to have a days rest on Saturday and Sunday after my operation, but
then I should be ok.  It's not a major surgery according to the doctor, and I
won't have stitches on the entry, just a sticking plaster apparently.  It's
amazing how much can be done with microsurgery.

I've just remembered, I have to tell Miss Beatrice about Ericka.  She wants to
know everyone who does or says anything even faintly sexual towards me.  Penny
has asked me if I have panties on. She said she (and others) noticed that when
Patricia took off my skirt I didn't have any on.  I told Miss Beatrice about
that. She suggested that perhaps I should have asked her if she wanted to check
if I had any on.

Mistress, I want to ask you something.  This morning, I know it was just a
casual thing, and just her being professional, but when the Doctor asked me to
take off my shirt this morning I was excited. Even with everything that happens
to me now, I am still excited by something like that, and I wasn't scared at
all, because it was in private, just her and I. I was just excited, and I hoped
that she would ask me to take off my skirt so that she would see me in Miss
Allison's panties. I know this sounds pathetic but then perhaps I am pathetic.

I will be leaving soon Mistress.  I will check just before I go in case you have
anything for my Mistresses.  And I have to ask you Mistress... do you think that
I can continue to write to you so freely as I do now? 
Miss Beatrice long ago told me to talk to her only when she has asked me to, or
when I ask her if I may. At home I don't really talk unless talked to.  I don't
want to show you any less respect than I do them Mistress.

angel   xxx

angel,

Surgery is amazing, isn't it?  I just wish you could be pierced while there. 
Nipples, clitoral hood and pussy lips.  But you make sure you take things very
easy, angel.  Heal properly so that you will heal quickly.

Do not be ashamed by being excited with the doctor.  You naturally wish to be
used and thought of as you are in your current position.  You are not pathetic.
This is just the way I have conditioned you.
And you may always write to me openly, my dear.  That is what I am here for.  I
am the advisor for all of you.  This allows me to solve all your issues and
control the direction of the relationship so it pleases everyone involved the
most.  I would be most disappointed if you ever lost your openness with me.
That was, has been, and always will be, the foundation of our love and
relationship.  Right now, I love you so much and am so proud of you I would whip
you into ribbons just to show you exactly how much love I feel for you.

Sasha

Friday, March 14

Mistress

I have just read your note Mistress, and I am so pleased I may still be open
with you.  And the thought of you whipping me, I mean really whipping me sent
shivers of panic and excitement through me. If I were allowed I would have gone
to the bathroom and masturbated myself. Thank you for understanding how I feel.
And you do, don't you, I mean about the Doctor.

Last night I was formally told of my 'loss of identity', that's what
Mistress Jo called it.  They went through a list of 'rules'.  I am now to be
known as "slave" or "angel" by everyone. I have to tell the people here at work
that I prefer to be called angel.  Mistress Hannah told me that if I am
introduced to anyone They will decide if I am angel or slave.  They also told me
that i am just an animal. But Mistress Jo did say that I am a precious and loved
animal, but i am no longer a person in my own right. I am the property of
Mistress Hannah, Mistress Jo and Mistress Allison and as such in normal
circumstances i have no opinion as to what happens to me.  The only times i have
an opinion is when i am not accompanied by one of my Mistresses, Miss Beatrice,
or someone to whom they have formally lent me. Only then am i allowed to object
to my treatment. All of this was written out for me as bullet points and I have
to learn them while I am in hospital tomorrow.  Mistress Hannah said it would
take my mind off things, and they all laughed, so did I, but i almost wish i
hadnt. The next thing is about my safe word. They promised that it will be
respected, by everyone who uses me, but i must only ever use it on occasions
where i am suffering unbearable physical pain or i am afraid of physically being
permanently damaged. It is not to be used in questions of taste or judgement.

Miss Hannah gave me two ?10 notes, I am to keep one on me when it is possible,
and put one in a drawer at work.  They are for absolute emergencies and nothing
else.  I was made to cut up my credit cards and my store cards, and to give
Mistress Hannah my checkbook, and I had to write out letters canceling my
accounts.

Mistress.  You asked me in the past about a contract, and I thought, just as I
was typing that, may I ask you to prepare a contract please Mistress? I should
so like to deliver it to them, or perhaps you would wish them to have it first?
I was not asked last night about any of it, but I should like them to know that
I would sign a contract if they wished me to. I want to spend the rest of my
life in service of them. Truly I do.  I want to be forever exhausted from
serving them and waiting on them, and trying to help make them happy.

About last night, Mistress Jo told Allison to take me to help her get ready for
bed and then to bring 'it' into their room for some fun.  I went with Miss
Allison and helped her undress and put on her nightgown and then she took me
into Mistress Hannah and Mistress Jo's room.  Mistress Hannah was naked, sitting
on a corner of the bed holding one of my cuffs, and Mistress Jo was in a short
nightdress.  They cuffed me, face up, to the corners of the bed, and Mistress Jo
played with my nipples, and asked who wants to start, and after a bit of a
silence, Mistress Hannah sat on my face, facing my cunt, and slapped my thighs
and I started to lick her ass hole and down to her cunt as she slid on my face. 
I felt someone touching my cunt and over my thighs and as Mistress Hannah got
more and more excited I was certain someone was sucking at me, sucking at my
cunt, and Mistress Jo nor Miss Allison had ever sucked me before, and when
Mistress Hannah came, she got off me and I saw Miss Allison's face at my cunt,
and she was sucking me so hard, I came at once, and Mistress Jo was stroking her
hair and she just carried on, running her tongue over my lips and clit and
sucking me over and over, and my Mistresses were pulling at my nipples while she
licked me.  Miss Allison stopped and lifted her face and Miss Hannah kissed her
and licked her face and they hugged. Then Miss Jo undid my arms and the others
my legs, and she leant against the headboard and opened her legs, and pulled my
face to between her legs and I licked her and sucked her until she came, and
Miss Allison or Mistress Hannah fingered my bottom and my cunt, then Miss Hannah
leant over me and kissed Miss Jo on the lips, and pulled her top up and fondled
her breasts and Mistress Jo came in a shower into my mouth and I came again,
with Miss Allison slapping my bottom.  Mistress Allison slid up the bed and
kissed her mom and they all hugged one another, with Miss Allison sitting on me,
pushing my face between her mom's legs.  I didn't see what happened for a while,
and then Miss Allison lifted off me, and pulled me up, and said, "I love you" to
me.  I cried and she hugged me.  Miss Jo and Mistress Hannah said that they
would go for a while, and Miss Allison got up and hugged her mom and Miss Hannah
came to me and kissed me and she told me that she loved me too.  Just as they
were going Mistress Hannah Announced hat she needed to pee and asked Miss
Allison if she minded, Miss Allison said no, so Miss Hannah stood and waited for
me to kneel before her and she peed into me, with the two of them watching, then
her mother did the same. 
Initially I felt degraded, being watched while I drank their pee, but
Mistress Jo patted my head and told me I was a good slave.

When they had gone, Miss Allison kissed me but didn't like the taste of pee so
she told me to go and wash my mouth out, then she had me lay on the bed and she
sucked and licked at my cunt, over and over, and she told me she loved the taste
of me, and she wanted to use my cunt as her plate, to eat off me and dip her
food in my cunt juice.  I came and she lay on me, and offered her cunt to me
while she licked at me.  She came, and just rested on me, laying with her head
on my mons, and I held her beautiful little bottom in my hands and I must have
fell asleep too.

It was lovely Mistress, and this morning, she fingered me and then, when I was
wet, she licked me again, and she sat up and peed into me.  She licked my cunt
again a couple of times before I left for work too. And she told me again that
she loved the taste of her slave.

I have a note from Mistress Jo today Mistress.

This morning I have been helping Penny with preparing some packs.  I have my
mini on and a short shirt.  Miss Beatrice was in early on and will be back
later, but all she said this morning was to ask me if I was ok, and to tell me
that I had too many buttons done up, so I undid one, and she smiled at me, held
me to her and told me I was a good girl.

I have to go help Penny again now Mistress, But I may write more later.

slave angel  xxx

From Jo

Your mail to us was exciting, just to read it was exciting, you talk of 'it' not
'her'. Allison does that sometimes and so tonight we told it that along with its
new names it is formally now just an animal, and it. It is not allowed to use
the toilet. When it needs to go one of us will take it outside to do its toilet
or we will provide some other means. Beatrice already does this at work.
As for me having Allison see me and slave together. That is something I have
thought about, about me watching Allison not her seeing me. I know I don't have
the body of slave, older and fatter, and I know how much clothes can hide. Han
and I have played with each other listening to them together and Allison's
squeals of delight and we have both wondered. I just know that it would not end
with me watching and I would want to touch. Han and I started with me just
watching but (and you may not know this) now we are lovers, lesbian Mistress
lovers. Did you know that? I just cant imagine what anyone, including Allison,
would think of me touching my own daughter sexually as I know I will want to.
Allison and I talked about her watching me and I told her it was entirely up to
her and she told me quite clearly says she wants to watch us so we have agreed,
with a kiss and a cuddle, that she can see it make me orgasm whenever she wants
to. We also talked about her, when she is with the slave, and she is going to
lick her pussy. She told me she has already tasted juices. The slave's juices on
Hannah's face when she has kissed her and Hannah's juices on the slaves face.
Apparently the slave tastes nicer, and she laughed when she said it. (Don't tell
Han! haha).

They are all downstairs just now, repainting the box room. But I will invite
Allison and Han in when I take the slave to my bed tonight.

I have just re-read your note. Its so delicious Sasha. Unfortunately it will be
a while to build up our cash so that we can get everything but just simple
torture of her is delicious.

It truly is so important to us all. I only hope it knows. I think it does. When
we told it of its new names tonight we all promised that our first action when
it gets in from work is for us to kiss it, each in turn will kiss her, to show
our love. What happens after that will be different, lol

Xx

Jo


Mistress

I had quite a chat with Penny today, and told her about my name, and that I
prefer to be called angel, and she thought it was lovely, and ever after that
she called me angel.  She asked me about when I became lesbian, and if I had
ever been with a man, and what I did when I lived in Xxxxx.  She was really nice
to me.  We were working on the floor in the meeting room, and I know at times
she could see down my blouse but I don't know if she actually looked.  I have
just told Miss Beatrice about it.  She said she 'is going to work on Penny
perhaps', but I don't know what that means.  When Miss Beatrice got back in, she
told me to come in with her, and she immediately undid my buttons and started to
fondle my breasts.  She asked me about who had done what today, and all I had to
tell her was Penny and she was a bit disappointed I think. I wanted to explain
to her that I had been in a room with just Penny most of the day, but I didn't. 

She asked me if I wanted to go and help Penny 'like that'.  She meant with my
shirt open, and I told her I would if she wished me to.  She told me to go and
open the door and then come and sit down.  I did as she asked, and she sat back
leaning on her desk, and she told me that she could see Ericka sitting at her
desk, and she could see my tits. Then she told me to fondle my tits, and pull at
my nipples.  She left me doing that for a while, and then she told me to fasten
a button and come and help her.  I did, and she told me to go around her side of
the table and she put her hand up my skirt and pinched at my bottom, while I
worked.

She just told me to go, and so I have come out, but Penny has finished now, at
least she has gone from the meeting room. 

As I came out Ericka asked me if I was feeling alright today, and I told her I
was, and she asked me what was happening and I told her about me having an op, I
didn't mention Miss Beatrice, and she asked me if I was scared, but I'm not.  I
told her the only problem was getting to the clinic for 7:00 in the morning, and
she said she would give me a lift if I needed it, but I thanked her and told her
I would be all right.
Mistress Hannah would drive me, I know she would, but she likes to lie in at the
weekends. She gets up first every morning as she opens the 'warehouse' at 8:00
at the latest, so she is normally out by 7:15. 
Normally she gets me up with her, but she didn't this morning. She left me with
Miss Allison.

I asked to go to the toilet this morning, and Mistress Jo said I could use the
shower today, as she didn't want to go out, but I told her I needed to poo, and
she told me to do it into tissue and put it into the toilet.  She told me there
would be a more severe regime when I was over my operation.  The other thing she
did this morning was to tell me that I had made her baby (that's what she calls
Miss Allison sometimes) happy last night. I wanted to tell her how much I loved
her and what happened, but all I did was smile and thank her.

I read your note from yesterday again Mistress.  If you met me, would you really
want to whip me?  I mean really whip me?  I have wondered what a real whip would
feel like.  Not now especially, but in the past, I've just wondered.  I am
afraid that I wouldn't be able to stand it. 

It's a strange feeling today.  I know that I have no money (except my emergency
?10) and no credit cards and no bank account.  Mistress Hannah has my passport.
I have hardly any clothes - oh Mistress, I didn't tell you about that.  Last
night, they had me start to repaint the box room ready for the move, and we Miss
Allison said we needed some rags, to wipe brushes and things, and Mistress
Hannah said "There are lots of rags here" and she took me, and Miss Allison
followed, through to my closet, where I hang my clothes, and they went through
them all, throwing every thing out.  They emptied my hanging space and all my
drawers onto the floor. 
They kept a couple of t-shirts, Mistress Jo's thong, a skirt and my wrap over
dress.  We used some of my clothes as rags and the rest they had me put into
black bin bags and Mistress Hannah told me to put them out next Thursday for the
bin men.   So now I have hardly any clothes, isn't it wonderful Mistress?  I am
not concerned about any of it.  As you have told me, often over the time you
have known me, all I have to do is to obey.

Mistress Jo and Mistress Hannah made it clear last night that I am not allowed
to use my safe word about matters of taste. Mistress Hannah said they promised
that I would only be exposed to females, but that under Their supervision there
is nothing that I can object to, and Mistress
Jo added 'unless you are in fear of permanent physical injury'.  
Mistress, I won't let them or you down. I will try to never use my safe word,
never.  I hope to show them somehow. 
I was just away for a few minutes, helping Ginny; she wanted me to tidy her
drawers for her.  Penny has told her about the angel name, when she came over
she said "angel, could I borrow you for a minute?" and she smiled at me.

Have to go for a few minutes, I will send this now.

slave angel xxx

Ladies,

Angel related to me the events of Thursday evening.  I promise you all that I am
going to write a book about your family.  Perhaps you read the first part, which
is just all the letters from January. 
What happened last night was so beautiful I can't really add more.  And, Jo, of
course I knew you and Hannah were lovers.  Don't you think that I had intended
this when I wanted to introduce her into your group?  I had also hoped that
Hannah and Allison would become lovers as well.  After all, of you all can love
and share the services of a slave, there is absolutely no reason why you can't
share your all's love for each other with each other.  And for God's sake, Jo,
don't ever chastise yourself for being attracted to and wanting Allison.  And
please note that I wrote this letter to you all and not to you under a separate
cover.  I am doing this because there is no reason to dispel any thoughts or
taboos between you and Allison.  The time for "forbidden desires" is over, don't
you think?  I think it best to keep everything out in the open.  I would not be
surprised if Allison didn't have the same thoughts as you.  I also feel that you
both love and respect each other enough to know when it is all right to cross
the boundaries of mother and daughter.  And besides, and take great joy in this,
maybe several months ago you might have had fears or doubts about how Allison
was going to turn out or fears about what she was doing when she was out with
her friends.  All mothers do.  I will bet you one shiny shilling now that you
have NO worries at all about anything Allison does on her own.  You know why? 
Because you two have created a relationship based on love, trust, and
understanding that totally transcends anything that any other mother and
daughter have.  When there is total trust and love there is no need for secrets. 
And you know now that there is NOTHING that Allison won't confide in you.  She
might have before.  But not now.  I would suggest, dearest Jo, that you have
achieved a goal of motherhood that less than one in a million mothers reach. 
And I love you both for it.  So admitting that both Jo and Allison are
beautiful, mature women involved in a lesbian rectangle, if Jo and Allison
desire each other or find themselves facing each other while in a pile, please
feel free to treat each other as mature lesbian women who love each other
completely.  And don't worry about anyone judging you.  Your doors are closed in
that regards.  I have judged you all and found everything to be very well and
all of you worthy.  No one who has never been in your alls situation has any
qualifications, or reason, to say anything untoward.  People can always titter
about how naughty and improper your family relationship is.  But if you look at
how miserable and secretive and closed off their family probably is like
everyone else's, who are they to judge anyone?  Remember that people judge
others to draw attentions away from how fucked up they are.  What I would
recommend doing to make everything totally natural and comfortable is this.  You
have your weekly meetings when you sit down with everyone as equals and chat.  I
would recommend that maybe you have at least one night every week or so when all
four of you sleep together and enjoy each other as equals all together in a
pile.  As women who all love and desire each other.  Angel, if course, would
still serve you all as a slave to a certain extent but please recognize that she
has the same desires as you all and she should be able to have an avenue to
express them openly.  This way, dear Jo, if the genitals, breasts, or lips that
you are presented with at any moment happen to be your daughters, well, treat
them just as you would Hannah's or angels.  And the same goes for Allison.  It's
only a natural extension of what was going to eventually happen.
Now Allison, this is where I should tell you to remember that Jo is your mother
and to obey her when it is required, but I won't.  Your relationship has gone
beyond mother and daughter and I know you would not do anything out of place. 
You've reached that time in life when your mother, while still a mother, also
becomes a trusted friend.  And as lesbians, it is not unnatural at all for you
to desire each other and do something about it.  Please enjoy all your time with
her as you do with Hannah and angel.  Share each other's joys and sorrows fully
as a team.  As a team, how can any of you ever lose?
Now, Hannah, sitting there thinking I have forgotten her.  How could I ever
forget you, my love?  How could I ever forget that girl would liked to "scare"
people with the way she dressed and thought it was "kewl" when she found out
angel and I were an item?  I can only hope that you have gotten over your need
to scare people and are planning on shopping for clothes with Jo.  What can I
say, Hannah?  I love you. I envy you.
I am so happy for you I could just squeeze the stuffing out of you.  I am just
so glad that you let me stick my foot into the door of your mind back in January
and kick it wide open and change your life.  I mean, how often is it that
someone is given a chance like that and it happens?
The funniest thing is that if I had walked in in December and told you all
exactly where you would all be and what you'd be doing in mid-March, you would
probably have all ganged up and beaten me to death.
Ah, this tangled web we weave.  Please permit me, lovely ladies, to sit back and
bask in shameful pride for what I have helped accomplish here.  O.k.  I'm done.
I understand about funds and all.  What did you all think about the idea of
shaving its head completely all at once and get her a wig?  Remember that it
should have no clue beforehand.  You might want to video this also.  It's
reaction will be priceless and worth saving for posterity.  What did you think
about it living in a cage and being torture-tied into that cage as well
overnight?  I would also like your opinions about the permanent pubic hair
removal, the piercing, and the lockable chastity belt.  Are these ideas you all
like and would like to incorporate?  If so, please set up a schedule and budget
of how it will all cost and when you can do these things.  It gives you all a
definite goal and schedule to adhere to.  And please sitting for a family
portrait very soon.  I would love to have something for my nightstand.  The
three of you dressed nicely with your pet-sitting nude at your feet would be
wonderful.
Especially if each of you is holding a separate leash all attached to the same
collar.
You are doing wonderfully, ladies.  Keep it up and know that I love you all
deeply.

Your dearest friend and Mistress,

Sasha

Beatrice,

Just a quick note to you complimenting you on everything you have accomplished. 
I sincerely appreciate you jumping in to help angel in her distress and finding
a doctor for her.  Of course, the doctor's examination made it excited and it
wishes it could have serviced the doctor.  I don't know how good a friend she is
to you but perhaps partial payment could be arranged somehow?? And apparently
this randy young assistant you now have is also sweating her non-existent silks
over some trollop named Penny in the office.  I don't know if this Penny is a
dominant type or a submissive but I will let you handle that.  Perhaps a
demonstration to her of what happens to angel when it disobeys you would be
proper.  Angel is becoming quite adept at introducing all sorts of women into
the world of female love, isn't she?
As far as that goes, dear Beatrice.  I am very surprised that all this was just
a fantasy to you just a short time ago.  As professionally as you have handled
everything with her transformation so far, I would have guessed that you have
done this before.  I was understandably nervous about what you did with her in
front of the whole group of workers but I will trust you.  I guess your company
is a lot smaller and more understanding than I would have suspected.  As long as
you feel that you and angel are safe in doing what you do then everything is
fine.
And as fun and active as your weekly life now is, I can't help but to pry and
ask if your weekends are bearable just as a wife.
And is there any chance of renting angel out to Patricia for her shows?  The
ladies at her home are in need of extra funds to finance several items needed to
further enhance her transformation into a better lave for you
all.
Keep up the excellent work.  All this makes my job so much easier.

Mistress Sasha

Monday, March 17

Mistress,

I didn't get your notes before I left on Friday; forgive me, I told Miss
Beatrice I had one for you and she told me to print it.  She took me into her
room when she read it, and she asked me if I was excited by Penny, and I told
her that I was, and she asked me who else excited me, and I said almost everyone
in the team, and she asked me if I knew that Jen and Trisha wanted me, and I
said I didn't know, and she scalded me and told me that I must know about Ginny,
as she had put a thong on me during my display, and I apologized and said that I
believe she does.

My operation went well Mistress, and I was pampered completely all
Saturday and Sunday.  I didn't realize I had to stay over Saturday night.  My
Mistresses visited me lots of times over the weekend, and Miss
Allison got me excited twice in different visits and she licked my cunt, 
She told me she was missing my cunt flavor.  Miss Hannah lay on my bed with me
from about 7:00 till 10:00 on Saturday, and she told two nurses that she was my
partner.  They weren't shocked or anything, and they stopped and talked to us
for quite a while.  Everyone was so nice to me, and my Mistresses told me that
they were missing me.

This morning, Mistress Jo told me that I should savor my recovery period, as
they are being 'soft' with me, but that once I am recovered I will find things
getting more severe, and I thanked her. She kissed me and held me close and told
me that that was exactly the right reply.  I slept with Mistress Hannah last
night, Mistress Jo had my hands cuffed earlier, when Miss Allison sucked my cunt
in the lounge, and Mistress Hannah left me cuffed.  Miss Allison says she really
likes the taste of my cunt and last night she told me she was going lick me
whenever she wanted and if I weren't wet she would use her ruler on me to get me
wet.  She is much more open now, in how she treats me Mistress.  As I said, last
night she licked my cunt in the lounge while her Mom and Mistress Hannah
watched.
Miss Hannah put her Walkman on me too, when we were in the kitchen last night
(incidentally, they allowed me to sit while I ate, I didn't have to eat off the
floor.  I was still sitting on the floor, but it's better than it was, and no
one peed into my meals, last night or this morning). She put Tatu on, really
loud on the Walkman, while they talked.  When they had finished, she took it off
me, and asked me if I liked it (and she kissed me) and I told her they were very
nice, and She told me that I should get used to it.

Miss Beatrice has just given me a file to attach to this note.  She called me
into her office and told me to close the door and strip.  She told me to stand
by her side, and she just worked for a while, occasionally fondling me, my
breasts, nipples, cunt and bottom.  She told me to tell you that she had done
that Mistress then she asked me if I wanted Trisha to spank my bottom, and I
told her that I would if she wished it, and she asked me again if I liked Trisha
and I told her that I did, and she told me to tell her what I would like to do
to her, and I said I would caress her breasts, lick them, and lick her vagina
and her bottom. 
Then she told me that she wanted to see that, and that I have to befriend
Trisha, as well as anyone else who shows an interest, especially Penny and
Ginny. Then she told me to dress and come out and send this mail and her
message.

I will send this now Mistress.

angel  xxx

My Dear Sasha

I can assure you that all of the events of the past two weeks with the slave had
previously resided firmly in the imagination. More and more to the forefront of
my imagination as the years have passed.

As for her displays; I fear I can take none of the credit for either of those:
The 'Outing' was an idea from Josephine, and the 'Naked Display' was entirely
Patricia's idea, fully supported I have to add, by Josephine and Hannah. I have
been merely a very willing vehicle through which the ideas came to fruition.

As for the slave, and where we go from here. Patricia had initially thought she
could be usefully used in displays of her merchandise, however, she has now
decided (and with my agreement) that the slave's body is not the 'norm' for such
modeling. She has however suggested that she might be used in some of the 'home
sales' sessions, where agents arrange party type events in the houses of
potential customers, for relatives and friends to order. We will pursue that
idea when she is fully recovered. Incidentally, she appears to be quite well
this morning, and has very little to show for the operation. I have allowed her
to use the facilities (toilet etc) until Doris, my medico friend, has signed her
off as fit.

Incidentally, I have known Doreen for more years than either of us might wish to
remember, and I do not know of any bi-sexual leaning she may have. I will
however instruct the slave that when she visits her tomorrow she should look as
lovely as possible, and be without panties this time. For her part, I will ask
Doreen to perform a full check-up on her, for medical insurance perhaps.

There are three of the girls in the team apparently interested in her. Certainly
Penny, but also Ginny and a quiet little thing Trisha, who was quite transfixed
during her display last week, and I have noticed has been silently admiring her
midriff and legs whenever she was near. I have no grand plan as to what might
happen, I simply get delight form the idea of this child exposing herself under
my control. Simple pleasures are the best; don't you agree?

Incidentally, many thanks for your note.

Miss Beatrice


angel,

I am glad that you are well on the way to recovery.
Needless to say I was a lot less worried this time as opposed to when you had
your bout in Geneva because now you have a family to worry about you and take
care of you.
So what do you think, angel?  Have I created a monster with young Allison?  How
am I ever supposed to deprive you of orgasms now that she is addicted to your
pussy?  She is a lot like me because, were I there, I would have a hard time
keeping my mouth off of you as well.  And, oh yes, they are being soft of you
now.  But that will change rather soon so gather strength.
Continue to recover, dear.  Life as you know it will continue very soon.

Lovingly,

Mistress

Beatrice,

So nice to hear from you.  I would like to thank you again for caring for the
slave.
It is very interesting how well you have incorporated the suggestions of others
into the slave's life.  I would agree with yourself and Patricia about her body
not being the model type, though the waif look is popular with the younger set. 
I would love to see her weight come up to normal though.  You might want to talk
with Jo about that.  (I wonder if her weight loss has anything to do with these
bouts.)  Ask Patricia something.  I do know that out this way many private
lingerie shows are mixed with shows that demonstrate the use of sexual aids and
toys.  The slave would be perfect for demonstrating these items to crowds of
people.  These models are sometimes highly paid and the audiences are usually
women but also sometimes men.
And when it comes to the girls at work.  Hmmmmmmm.
You obviously are getting the idea that the slave is a bit of a trollop in that
she will service anything that moves.  I swear if she came to my house the fish
would probably stop swimming.  Usually with a slave a
Domme works on pushing its limits.  With this one it is hard to do because she
will willingly lick anything you tell her to.  Makes reaching her limits more
frustrating.  It is tempting to put her on her knees in front of a cock just to
watch her cry for real, isn't it?
With the office girls, I would probably do the following.  I would dole out the
slave's sexual services as a reward for tasks well done.  A reward might be to
have the slave service them with a full massage and orally or you might want to
have a strap on dildo on hand and they might wish to fuck the slave for their
reward.  You might also formulate a brief survey to the girls or speak to them
one on one to ask them how they enjoy the changes you have made and what, if
anything, they want wish from her further.
Views on how she looked nude, etc. and maybe if they thought she should be nude
more often.  You must make the distinction of whether of not these girls who do
show an interest are showing an interest because they desire her to service them
OR do they envy her her submissive position.  I would guess that the latter
would be the case to a certain extent though it might just be a fantasy and very
few, if any, would ever go to the lengths the slave has.  But what they might do
in the privacy of your office might surprise you.  Asking them privately if they
can imagine themselves in the slave's position would be good to ask.  The
answers might be quite telling.
Invite the more pliable ones in.  While talking to them, tell the slave to rub
your shoulders and neck while you talk.  From their interest shown you might ask
them if they would like the slave to do the same for them or if they would like
to help the slave rub you.  This would free up the slave to rub other parts of
you.
There are many "innocent" ways to do this.
I might ask how any of you are going to get any work done at all around there. 
Hopefully these ideas might help point you in a few directions.

Mistress Sasha

Mistress,
I have just seen your note from earlier.  Miss Allison is no monster, not at
all, she is lovely and I am truly honored and surprised and delighted that she
is 'addicted' to my pussy. She really has told me so much last night and this
morning how she likes the taste of me.  She did also tell me that my tits were
not as gorgeous as her mom's or Hannah's, and that is absolutely true.  I look
like a boy beside them.  Mistress, I didn't tell you, but when Miss Allison was
licking me last night, Mistress Jo told me that I was not allowed to cum at
will, and that I have to tell Miss Allison or any of them if I am about to
orgasm if they have not seen that it is coming.  Miss Allison, Mistress Hannah
and Mistress Jo have not allowed me to orgasm Mistress, not since I came back
yesterday. Mistress Hannah told me in bed last night that I had to wait, that it
would be allowed for being a good girl, if I was good.

Miss Beatrice called me in earlier and asked me what I had been doing with Penny
and Jen, we had been in the meeting room sorting leaflets for distribution,
well, I had been sorting while they watched and talked. I told Her that they had
asked me about my operation, and they asked me to show them where I had it, and
I had lifted my shirt for them, but Miss Beatrice had got cross with me and she
told me I should have undone my shirt for them to see and opened it fully to
expose my breasts to them. She told me that she wanted me exposed as much as
possible and as often as possible to anyone in the office, and she asked me if I
understood and I begged her forgiveness and told Her I did understand.  She
undid my shirt and pulled my nipples, but she told me to go out at lunch and buy
some small buttons, she emphasized 'the smallest white buttons you can find'.
She asked me if I had spoken to Trisha yet, and I explained that I'd been with
Jen and Penny and before that helping Ericka.  She asked me if Ericka was
interested, and then she remembered that she had touched my bottom last week and
she said it was good that everyone should know how they could treat me. Then she
pulled at my nipples really quite hard, and asked me to tell Her about what I
had done with Penny and Ginny, and I told her and she asked me if they had seen
my bottom and I said I didn't know, and she almost screamed at me to make sure
that they did, I have no right to try to hide my body.  I begged her to forgive
me and tried to explain that it was awkward sometimes but she shushed me and
told me not to answer back.
She fastened the bottom button on my shirt and told me to go out now and talk to
Trisha. She said that I must make sure that she could see my breasts, to lean
forward whatever it took, then she told me to go.

I went to Trisha and tried to talk with her, she is very sweet and really shy. 
I asked her if there was anything I could help her with, and she said no, so I
asked her to call for me anytime she needed a hand with anything, and she said
she didn't think Miss Beatrice had meant for me to help her, but I said She did,
and that I would love to help her. She looked at my breasts, I looked down and
my shirt was open, and when I looked at her face she looked away and said
"sorry" and I told her not to be sorry.  She said nothing, so I told her to
never be sorry if she looked at me, I like for her to look at me, and she looked
up at me, and I told her over and over that to please look at me anytime she
wishes, any part of me, that I feel honored for her to look at me, and after a
while she did look down at my breasts, and she did smile.  I was so happy that
Miss Beatrice would be pleased with me.  I thanked her, and told her she only
ever has to ask me and I would show her any part of my body, and I told her she
could touch me if she wished to.  All she said was that I am very strange and
not like anyone else she knows.  I told her maybe I am and smiled at her and she
smiled back. She asked if I had a girlfriend and I told her I had some, and I
asked her if she had a girlfriend and she laughed and said no, I asked if there
was a boyfriend and she said she did have one.  Then Ericka came over and asked
me to go and help her.

I told Miss Beatrice just and she was delighted with me, then she told me to go
and buy my buttons and she smiled at me and told me that this evening I could
have a reward for being a good girl, she told me I would be allowed to delight
her when everyone had gone.

I have some buttons as requested. I think they may be too small. I used some of
my emergency money. I hope that was right.
I will send this now, while I am 'on a high' with Miss Beatrice, and I feel so
good about myself.  Sometimes I am afraid I really annoy her, but I don't mean
to. Incidentally, about my operation, - I feel completely well already.  I have
no tiredness, no aches, I feel fine.  In the morning I have to go to Dr Saunders
again but I am sure she will announce me ok.

slave angel  xxxxxxxxx

You are doing so well.  Continue to expose yourself and obeying.  It is good to
hear that your orgasms are still being deprived you.  And be careful about
forcing interest in yourself to others.  Let's not make too much of a scene or
immerse vanillas too quickly.  You have the rest of your life to submit,
angel.

Sasha

Mistress

I am sorry that you think I am being forceful, i don't mean to, truly I don't. 
What i said to Trisha was initially just to please Miss Beatrice, but then, I
meant it, and i would be happy to allow her to see me.  I didn't mean to be
forceful. I just wanted her to know that she could if she wished.  I am sorry.

I have the file for my Mistresses on the Sharp.  I am about to go now
Mistress.  Mistress Hannah wants to view the flat this evening with me.

slave angel  xxx

Tuesday, March 18

I wasn't admonishing you, dear.  I was just saying tobe careful because
different people accept your new status in different ways and might not be
accustomed to your openness.  For example, the girl who said that you are
strange is trying to understand something that is foreign to her.  There is no
need to apologize.  I am just looking out for you.  Not everyone is a Jo,
Hannah, Allison or Beatrice.  You'll find that many secretly fantasize about
being in your position themselves.

Sasha

Mistress

I have a note from my Mistresses for you today.  I have an appointment with the
Doctor this morning, at 11:00, but when I was dressed this morning Miss Allison
didn't have me put panties on.  In a way i am pleased.

I will write more when I get back, just now i have to help Ericka.

I am back from my appointment.  I didn't get to see the Doctor very much, mostly
it was a nurse who did the tests on me, and sometimes there were two of them. 
They did my bp, then I had to do some exercise, then bp again, they tested my
reflexes, and they put some sensors all over me linked to a readout machine. 
That's the only time I was naked for them, the rest of the time I had a robe on,
I mention that because Miss Beatrice asked about when I was naked when I got
back. She is much happier with my buttons now; they came undone just from her
pulling my shirt lightly, so she is happy with me.  Actually, and I have not
mentioned this to Her, but they came undone under my coat on the way to the
Doctors and on my way here, but I did them up again.

Thank you for your note Mistress.  I really though you were cross with me.  You
say about some others wishing to be in my position, well, I wouldn't be at all
surprised if others wished to be in my position, I think I am the luckiest
person in the world.  I serve three wonderful Mistresses and I have a boss who
knows how to treat me.  Miss Beatrice quite often gets cross with me.  Sometimes
I think she imagines that I try to get her cross but I don't.  Today she is
happy with me though, so far.

Last night my Mistresses wrote to you, Miss Allison typed while they talked.  I
was strapped to a chair with the anal vibrator in my mouth and the Walkman
headphones on.  Miss Hannah put it into my cunt, then my bottom, then and my
mouth.  She left it vibrating in my mouth the whole time they talked.

I will send this now Mistress; to be sure you get Their note.

I will write more later.

Oh, just one more thing.  Although Trisha may not be interested in me, she was
kind enough to say 'hi' to me when I got in from the Doctors, and she asked me
how it had gone. 

slave angel   xxxx

Sasha

An open letter from Allison, mom (lol), and Hannah, typed by Allison cos i am
the quickest, lol. Mom just slapped my leg for saying that.

Mom says there are no forbidden desires any more between us and she wants me to
tell u that she loves to stroke my bare bum while I lick the slave, and I can
tell u I love her to.

H says I am going to get chapped lips if I keep licking it so much, loll

I have told H and mom about Ronnie and they said I could get them together
sometime, which will be nice.

About your note - I don't want the slaves head shaved, I don't think it would
look so nice, so we won't do that at the moment (han made me add that 'at the
moment').

About your questions - mom says that things have gone too far for slave to be an
equal. They've spent a week of persuading her that she is just a slave and less
than us and we don't want that undone. Han asks if slave has said that she is
unhappy cos she tells us she is happy.

We hope u understand. It is just a slave now fulltime. It can't be an equal.

Han is going to see about getting a cage for it when its not wanted. We like
that idea all of us, and we like the idea of it being tortured.

We want to get its clit pierced but not so sure about its nipples. And one think
you didn't mention was the strap on. We want to buy one then we can fuck it
without getting our arms wet (Han said that)

Donna knows a builder who will do the hooks in the new flat, and we are going to
have 2 far apart so she can hand from hands spread or upside-down legs apart.

slave is sewing tiny buttons on her shirts, Beatrice's idea to make sure they
come undone easy.

Mom says u have to know what its day is like to know, but believe me it cant be
an equal anymore,

Han just said we should get it branded. Like have "Allison Hannah Jo" in a heart
tattooed on its ass

See u later

Allison Jo Hannah


Mistress

Almost everyone has asked me how it went this morning. It's very strange, but
now I feel so much more a part of the team than I ever did before.  This last
week, I have been chatted to, you know, just casual chats, much more than ever
before since I joined.  Today, Trisha even wondered if I fancied a drink
sometime after work, and last week (Friday, or Thursday maybe), Penny and Jen
said we should go out for lunch sometime, and Ericka calls across to me about
frustrations with Miss Beatrice and whatever.  I have a family at home and now
one at work too, and no one mentions about me having shown Miss Patricia's
lingerie or anything, nor about me being a lesbian.  It just shows that I
overreacted really I suppose.  At the time, and when I came in after each time,
I was so frightened of how they would react, but they have forgotten it all
already.

I had a nice surprise earlier; Miss Hannah called me to see how the appointment
went.  She was pleased, but she hoped that my dressing would have been removed,
but they just refreshed it and it shouldn't come off until Friday.

Mistress, I want to tell you something about last night, about my
Mistresses.  We were in Mistress Jo's bed, I was cuffed, just with my hands
behind my back, and Mistress Hannah positioned Miss Allison and I so that I
could lick her pussy, and Mistress Hannah and Mistress Jo were either side of
her and they were teasing her with their nipples, one each side of her. She was
giggling and then she got aroused and she sucked on first Mistress Hannah then
her mom's nipples, and I almost came just from the taste and smell of her and
seeing them.  It was wonderful Mistress. 
Just being a part of it all is so wonderful, and I helped to make her orgasm.  I
have such a wonderful place with them.

I have wondered something Mistress.  I am a little afraid that if my weight goes
back up to 8st, it's quite a lot from where I am now.  None of them knew me when
I was that heavy, and though I am busy a lot of the time at home, I don't really
do much physical exercise.  I don't want to get to be fat at all so that they
don't like me anymore.  This morning Mistress Hannah and Miss Allison both said
that they were going to feed me up. 
I am going to do whatever I can to make sure that I don't change too much, but
this morning Miss Allison filled my bowl with Frosties, then she put her and
Mistress Hannah's leftovers in my bowl and told me that I had to eat it all.  I
did, but I don't want to get fat for them.

I have to go now Mistress.  I will check in just before I go home in case you
send anything.

slave angel  x

angel,

I am glad your appointment went well with the doctor.
Please do not be worried about gaining some weight.
The waif look isn't in anymore.  And 112 lbs is NOT heavy.  You will be having
enough physical activity to keep you fit.  And remember that when you have
people who love you it is hard to displease in that way.
Besides, it is not your position to worry about anything like that, slave.  Your
body does not belong to you anymore.  Nothing that was yours belongs to you
anymore.  You are only to be what your mistresses wish you to be.  If your
Mistresses wish to whip you till you bleed, they will do so.  If they wish to
tattoo you permanently, they will do so.  If they wish for you to gain 50 lbs
for them, then you will do so willingly and gratefully for them.  you will eat
everything put in front of you as quickly as possible and lick the bowl
afterwards.  You will whimper like a dog to get more if you can.  You will not
whine or worry.  All you have to do is what?  OBEY.  So stop worrying.  Your
life does not belong to you anymore.
You exist only to please others.  Right now, getting yourself up to a healthy
weight pleases us all so endeavor to do so as quickly as possible.
And isn't it nice to have so many people who care so much for you?  I also think
it must be nice to see Allison and Jo start to pleasure each other.  It was
bound to happen sooner or later.

Kisses and whips,

Mistress

Ladies,

Thanks for your nice letter.  Allison, I do understand your feelings about its
hair.  I can only tell you how exciting it might be for you to rub all your
wetness over a totally smooth scalp.  Probably even have a nice cum that way.
And I did forget about the strap on dildo.  You do need one so you all can fuck
it as well as each other.
 I never asked you, Allison, if you were a virgin.
Regardless, being taken by a strap on the first time by another woman is
special.  I am tempted to ask you to have it do you the first time but I would
suggest instead asking your mother to do the honors to you the first time.  It
would be a special thing for you two to share together since you have become so
very close. Hannah, I like the idea of a brand though a tattoo would be better
to look at.  And please remember that you left one name off of the tattoo,
ladies.  Mine. I want you all to remember me with it. Good to hear about adding
hooks into your house.  Though hanging it upside down requires special boot with
eyelets attached to prevent damage to its ankles.  Same with its wrists. 
Suspension devices require some training. Have fun, girls.  I only wish I could
be there in the pile with you all.

Sasha

Wednesday, March 19


Mistress

I'm sorry for saying anything about my weight.  Its not that I wasn't going to
eat what they say, and I have, both yesterday and today, everything, and I don't
comment or anything, no matter what. I was just forgetting my place Mistress. 
Forgive me.  I just don't want to lose them, that is all.  Please don't mention
it to them.

I have your note for them already copied to the Sharp.

Last night, they had me throw away all of my belongings ready for the move. 
They kept one picture of Kate, they asked me about her and everything and today
I have to write her an e-mail telling her of my new position.  I have to be
explicit and tell her everything except about Miss Allison's age and the
beatings. I also have to invite her to come down and visit us too.  I don't
really know how to start it at the moment. 
Mistress Hannah and Mistress Jo told me that if anyone asks me about my home
life I should tell them that I am a lesbian slave. 

My Mistresses let me keep one thing from my past life, and I selected my guitar. 
They were pleased that I had chosen that, as it isn't personal.  Mistress Jo was
so happy she allowed me to sit on her lap for a while and she played with me and
kissed me.
Mistress Hannah had me introduce her to the lady we are going to swap flats
with, and we took a tour of the flat.  They let me wear clothes,
Mistress Jo's top, the transparent one, for me to go down in.  When we got back
upstairs Mistress Hannah drew the layout of the flat for the others and they
decided where everything was going to go.  They also decided to buy a King Size
bed for the main bedroom, and they told me that the smallest bedroom was going
to be for me to be tied up and hidden in when they had 'nice' visitors.

Miss Donnas came around for the first time since the weekend too. She used me in
the bathroom, but then she stayed for a while (she usually doesn't stay much)
and she had a drink with them, and she was shocked, I don't know if she was
genuinely shocked or just kidding, but she appeared shocked when Miss Allison
had me lay over the arm of her chair and she licked my pussy, but Miss Allison
giggled and told her she should try it before she commented.  Miss Allison also
showed her the ruler and what she does, and
Miss Donnas had me stand in front of her with my legs wide apart and she slapped
it against my thighs and over my cunt, then Mistress Hannah took it and bend me
over and used it in my bottom, really hard, and I am afraid I cried (but I was
ok, it just hurt a lot) and Miss Donnas said that Hannah had changed, and
Mistress Jo said "for the better I hope" and I remember them all laughing.

Trisha has just come in, and she stopped to chat to me on the way in. 
She is very sweet.  Today Miss Beatrice isn't in and last night she told
Ericka to make sure I was 'kept busy' but she was laughing when she told her.
She did tell her to have me make sure that Penny has finished the leafleting, so
I guess that's what I will be doing today.

I have one of Miss Allison's tops on today. It's very tight and quite a thin
fabric and when they are out it shows my nipples, well my nipples, tits and rib
cage too.  Miss Allison pulled at my nipples when I put it on this morning and
had me go and show her mom, and she liked it.

slave angel  xxx

Mistress

I just want to tell someone about something, and to ask you a favor please
Mistress.

First, I want to tell you about Trisha.  She came to me and asked me if
I had lunch and she invited me to sit with her in the restroom to have our
lunch, and we did.  While we ate and chatted she looked occasionally at my chest
and I know my nipples became erect, I saw them when I looked down.  She said to
me that she wished that she were slim so that she could wear clothes like mine,
and I told her that she was lovely and she could. She said she couldn't, and she
added that she could see my nipples, and I was shocked and didn't know what to
say (I was pleased of course, but I just didn't expect her to say that).  All I
said was "Sorry", and she said I don't have to be, that she had already seen my
nipples last Tuesday, remember? And I said, 'of course you did' and she said she
could never have done that, and I told her I was told to though I didn't realize
that I was going to be naked, but I didn't mind being naked.  She was just about
to say something when Linda and Stacy came in.  We sat with them chatting about
the war then came back here.

The other thing I wondered was, would you, if you have chance please, look at
the note I have prepared to send to Kathleen?  And maybe comment on it for me if
you can get back to me before I send it, please?  I've pasted it below.
Slave angel xxx

Kathleen

How are you, and David?  I hope the chickens are not too smelly these days.

I have not heard from you in a long time, and I have a few things to tell you
about.  They are a bit shocking, so maybe you should sit down and get a cup of
tea.

First, I am a lesbian.  I have been always.  Do you remember my friend Shelia? 
Well she was my first partner, and since her I have had two other long term
partners, both of whom I don't see anymore, but now, well, over the past couple
of years, I have discovered that I am a submissive.  In fact, I am now so
submissive that I have Mistresses, whom I serve, sexually and domestically.  We
live in a house together and I am theirs to command.   They look after me, but
they know that I am theirs to do with as they wish.

I love them all so much and I a sure they love me, and honestly, I am truly
happy, as I have never been before.

My Mistresses told me to write to you, and to invite you to meet them and me the
next time you are down.

Please try to understand Kathleen, and don't be too shocked.  It's my choice.

With love

Angel
xxx
(They renamed me, I am either just 'slave' or 'angel', and I am not allowed to
call myself Stephi now)

angel,

Your letter to Kathleen was appropriate.  Don't forget that although you are a
slave, you still retain your professionalism and tact.  The important thing was
to let her know just how happy and mentally secure you now are compared to any
other time in your life.  Work on the spelling.  And let her know that you are
telling her all this because you know she will understand because of how close
you were and she will respect what you are doing.
And I am surprised you didn't try to go further with Trisha.  I think I shall
give you permission to play with yourself as long as she asks to watch you do
so.
And you might want to tell her that you would like to see her nipples in return.

Mistress

Friday, March 21

Chat between Sasha and Hannah

Sasha: Hannah!
Hannah: hiyaaa
Sasha: How are you, my love?  It's been so long
Hannah: I know
Hannah: I'm fine
Hannah: I'm at my old flat getting the last of my stuff
Sasha: how is it recovering?
Hannah: ok
Hannah: its wonderful
Sasha: Oh, good.  I just I never asked how he took your leaving. 
Never cared too much
Hannah: he's a shit head
Hannah: he wasn't nothered
Hannah: bothered*
Sasha: men are like that
Hannah: too right
Hannah: how are u
Sasha: doing wonderful.  Haven't heard from you folks in two days so
was a little worried
Hannah: hasn't it written to u?
Hannah: we though it write every day
Sasha: hoping to receive something today
Hannah: wrote*
Sasha: nothing yesterday
Hannah: ill call it and get it to write
Hannah: u don't know about Beatrice and Patricias little experiment
then????????
Sasha: so it is not there with you?  No I don't
Hannah: they got the Trisha girl to touch her up at Patricias yesterday
Hannah: like she was modeling for something
Sasha: did it go any further?
Hannah: no, just touching it and posing for them
Hannah: cute eh?
Sasha: very
Hannah: it should be inviting Trisha over
Sasha: she gave you my entire last letter the other day?
Hannah: yes
Hannah: ty
Hannah: and I meant a tattoo
Hannah: not a real brand lol
Sasha: figured that
Sasha: when will it get it done?
Hannah: tomorrow
Hannah: I found a fem tattoo artist
Sasha: will she do a piercing also?
Hannah: she doesn't do them
Sasha: ok
Hannah: but it's going to have one. We've decided
Sasha: but she knows someone who ill.
Hannah: maybe
Hannah: ill ask her
Sasha: so whose names are going to be on it?
Hannah: all 4 of us
Hannah: x
Hannah: sorry bout that
Sasha: and where is it going to be placed?
Sasha: and thanks for including me on there
Hannah: we think between her cunt and belly button
Hannah: so everyone can see
Hannah: a conversation piece Jo says
Sasha: where her pubic hair used to be?
Hannah: yep
Hannah: just above maybe
Sasha: best place for it is right there.  closest to her pussy
Sasha: closest
Hannah: but low enough so it has to take her skirt off to get it done
Hannah: lol
Sasha: did you set a scene with the artist?
Hannah: no
Hannah: I chickened out
Hannah: sorry
Hannah: just talked to her on the phone
Sasha: You?  Chickened out?  I had better keep that a secret
Hannah: lol v funny
Hannah: see, I'm changing
Sasha: yes you are.  I hoped that you would, my love
Hannah: oh, you didn't like me then, sob sob
Sasha: are you trying to scare people less now?
Hannah: I guess so
Hannah: Jo wants me to lose my ring
Sasha: it is probably good advice.
Sasha: put it on its lip
Sasha: lips
Hannah: maybe we keep it as a spare for slave
Hannah: snap
Sasha: I am so pleased that Allison is now a full lesbian
Hannah: oh me tooooo
Hannah: does she love pussy!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: I heard she is the best tongue in the UK
Hannah: maybe
Hannah: but slave is my choice
Sasha: it does it with certain flair, doesn't it?  Allison does it
with the vigor of youth
Hannah: that, and Allison does it for herself, not for you, if you know
what I mean
Hannah: she stops every now and then, but slave just keeps in there
Hannah: like she has to please
Sasha: yeah.  Angel savors and Allison feasts
Hannah: its different
Sasha: I know.  It is the kid in the candy shop
Hannah: lol
Hannah: she is forever at slaves cunt u know
Hannah: all the time
Sasha: that's the candy shop
Hannah: poor thing is on a permanent high
Sasha: highs that are permanent aren't bad
Hannah: Sasha? U gonna do this contract thing?
Hannah: oh she doesn't complain
Hannah: but she never does
Sasha: has Allison go down on Jo yet?
Hannah: about anything
Hannah: I don't think so
Sasha: Yes.  I am working on it.  It's long and involved
Sasha: Does it complain now?
Hannah: ok, Jo wondered about it the other night
Hannah: slave, never
Hannah: we use the crop on it
Hannah: cunt tits ass everywhere
Hannah: it cries
Sasha: the contract is just a formality.  It has one written in its
head and it follows it religiously
Hannah: but thanks us too
Sasha: have you made it bleed yet?
Hannah: Jo did, on wed
Hannah: on its thigh
Sasha: good.  A few scars won't hurt it.
Hannah: no
Hannah: u know, none of us felt bad about it
Hannah: we thought later it was strange
Hannah: like we should, but we didn't
Sasha: it is your property to treat as you wish
Hannah: yes it is
Sasha: are you going to shave its head?
Hannah: and tomorrow it will be branded
Hannah: Allison doesn't want us to
Sasha: get a very good wig first.
Sasha: wait till you all rub yourselves off on a smooth scalp.
Hannah: I want it to say PROPERTY OF but Allison is not sure
Hannah: I just like the idea of it being humiliated like that
Hannah: bald
Sasha: so do I
Hannah: shave its eyebrows and everything
Sasha: leave its eyebrows.
Sasha: It does have a job
Hannah: lol
Hannah: yeh sure
Hannah: stripping for Beatrice
Sasha: though the thought has made me very moist
Hannah: me too
Sasha: are you still unshaved, dear?
Hannah: yes
Hannah: as nature intended
Sasha: surprised you aren't
Sasha: 't having it groom you
Hannah: Jo likes to stroke my pubes see
Sasha: Jo still has hers also?
Hannah: Jo's lovely
Hannah: yes
Sasha: as well as Allison.
Hannah: Allison is just downy
Sasha: downy and browny?
Hannah: not like her mom
Hannah: lol
Sasha: did they like the idea about using the strap on?
Hannah: oh yes
Sasha: is Allison a virgin??
Hannah: but its for slave. weve found one on the web, its 8" and 3"
diameter
Hannah: no, she said she burst fingering herself a while ago
Sasha: but she has never had a cock then
Hannah: no
Hannah: she's only young u know
Hannah: young and innocent, lololol
Sasha: I know but I had one a few before 17
Hannah: slut
Hannah: lol
Sasha: Who gets to take her cherry?
Sasha: Trollop!
Hannah: lol
Hannah: non of us want the monster though, not even Jo
Sasha: then get one a little smaller
Sasha: It just takes some practice
Sasha: and you can always have more than one.  The harness is the
important part.
Hannah: it'll be like an elephant's
Hannah: that's true
Sasha: I mentioned in my letter that I hoped Jo would be Allison's
first.
Hannah: I know
Hannah: it's so cool isn't it?
Sasha: did that idea go over well?
Hannah: her and her mom like that
Hannah: Allison giggled
Sasha: It is very cool and very rare.
Hannah: I bet
Hannah: sometimes I think it's all too weird
Sasha: But you have read my letters to you all.  Am I handling it?
Correctly in your eyes?
Hannah: yes
Hannah: its best to be open
Hannah: we all are now
Sasha: I mean, I know how badly they want each other
Hannah: I told Allison that I wanted to taste her
Sasha: and I don't think desire should be repressed
Hannah: everything we do has elements of sex
Hannah: ...
Sasha: especially in an honest open environment
Hannah: going to the loo
Hannah: cooking
Hannah: feeding it
Hannah: everything
Sasha: I know. See why I said a long time ago that sex was God's
greatest gift to us
Hannah: it is
Hannah: good old god I say
Sasha: she is great
Hannah: yes SHE is
Sasha: She is definitely a woman.  Men can't have the fun we do
Hannah: true
Hannah: sash. I'm so happy its unreal
Sasha: eventually I would imagine that the 3 of you would always share
the same bed
Hannah: we do pretty well now
Sasha: I am so glad you are happy.  Your happiness was very
important to me.
Sasha: almost most important, Hannah
Hannah: thanks
Sasha: your situation was different
Hannah: kisses
Sasha: You had to be inserted into a family.  I am so glad my plans
worked
Sasha: And kisses and licks back to you.
Hannah: every now than then Allison calls me sis
Hannah: that's cute isn't it?
Sasha: Oh, I am so happy!
Hannah: and Donnas is in here too
Sasha: with you now?
Hannah: everything is just so fine
Hannah: no
Sasha: ok
Sasha: But Dens will not convert, will she?
Hannah: I mean she visits almost every day
Sasha: Dens
Sasha: Donnas
Hannah: Donnas
Hannah: lol
Sasha: will she convert?
Hannah: she wants to borrow slave for a night
Sasha: does Jo want her?
Hannah: want Donnas?
Sasha: yes
Hannah: I would guess so, she's gorgeous
Sasha: well, do you think Donnas is coming over to our side?
Hannah: she watches Allison with slave now, and me the other night when
I fisted it
Sasha: o.k.
Hannah: she is staying longer these days
Sasha: has she tasted it yet?
Hannah: she won't say
Sasha: ask it
Hannah: she takes it into the loo when she comes in
Sasha: I know.  But has Donnas moved beyond just wanting it as a
toilet toy?
Hannah: they are in there a long time these days
Hannah: lol
Sasha: what does it tell you?
Hannah: Donnas has told it not to say, and that's ok
Sasha: for Donna to love it the way you all do, it must move out of
the loo.  To appreciate it as a whole person and slave
Hannah: well we all pee in it in front of each other but I can't see
Donnas doing that
Hannah: well have to see
Sasha: love to see her leave her b.f. ad move in
Hannah: ahem
Sasha: yes
Sasha: ?
Hannah: that's my sis you are talking about
Hannah: Aren't a mom and daughter enough??
Hannah: lol
Sasha: I know.  And you are her sis
Sasha: I don't know.  What's your definition of a family, missy?
Hannah: lol
Hannah: truth...
Sasha: afraid you two will become closer?
Hannah: id love Donnas to move in with us
Sasha: I hoped you would think that
Hannah: and if she wanted me to I would share slave in bed with her
in an instant
Hannah: don't tell her though
Sasha: then you can experience the same yearnings and dilemmas Jo
and Allison have
Hannah: it might frighten her away, lol
Sasha: I won't tell her.
Hannah: oh I have the yearnings
Sasha: I know.
Hannah: I want to watch sleeve licking my sister
Hannah: disgusting eh?
Sasha: That's why I said that the best thing to do is throw you all
into a pile and enjoy yourselves
Sasha: Not at all.
Sasha: Whatever lips are in front of you at the moment, Kiss. 
Whatever pussy is in front of you, lick
Hannah: I do
Sasha: well, that advice was for Jo and Allison.  But it works the same
For you and Donna
Hannah: maybe
Hannah: one day
Sasha: true.  I am patient
Hannah: me too
Hannah: x
Hannah: this is just between you and me though, ok
Hannah: at the moment
Sasha: so when are you all going to get a computer and web cam at
your house???
Sasha: Just you and I.  You can trust me with anything
Hannah: I know
Sasha: You know that.  You already trusted me with your life, Hannah
Hannah: we move in two weeks, get a new bed, and see how much we got
left
Sasha: king sized bed?
Hannah: super king
Sasha: excellent
Hannah: its 6'6 square
Sasha: perfect
Hannah: it was Jo's idea
Hannah: so we can all sleep in it
Sasha: big enough for everyone and guests
Hannah: and guests.
Hannah: we want to get some proper torture bits and pieces too
Sasha: do you all think you will be keeping this private or do you
think you will open up and start going to clubs and the like?
Hannah: I want to go to clubs
Sasha: and Jo and Allison?
Hannah: Jo says I can
Hannah: Jo says she will get me to try it out first
Sasha: you all should go to some Lesbian clubs together
Sasha: or is Jo still closeted?
Hannah: she is
Hannah: Allison has told her friend Ronnie that she loves angel
Hannah: I tell anyone
Sasha: o.k.  But a dark club is still a safe place
Hannah: but Jo is closet
Sasha: Allison told me about Robby
Hannah: yes
Hannah: she wants to offer slave to her
Hannah: we are ok with it
Sasha: I just worry a little about how young she is and being able
to keep her mouth shut
Hannah: Allison is sure about her
Hannah: that's Jo's worry too
Hannah: whatever happens it won't be here and with me and Jo
Hannah: just the three of them
Sasha: Well, never forget, Hannah, that your alls relationship, as
beautiful as it is and natural as it is for you, is NOT going to be
accepted by others
Hannah: oh we know
Sasha: And also remember.  Robby and Allison are minors by law (at least
they are here) Stephanie is not.
Hannah: I know
Sasha: I don't know what the laws are in the UK
Hannah: it's the same here, Jo checked. Gay relationships are 18 and
over
Hannah: hetero is 16
Hannah: is that unfair?
Sasha: it is and it isn't.
Hannah: at least I am legal, just, lol
Sasha: Normally to become gay you have to experience both sides of
the fence and be mature enough to make that decision.
Sasha: requires a bit more time
Sasha: but we definitely don't want to draw attention to you all.
Hannah: I will talk to Jo about Ronnie
Hannah: maybe she can just have a show or something
Hannah: just have it strip for her
Sasha: An army can only march as fast as it's slowest soldier
Sasha: you all can only move ahead as fast as the most scared
member.  In this case, Jo.  Her fears in this instance are justified
Hannah: ok
Hannah: she is older, that's why, lololololol
Sasha: well, looking out for open sex between adults and minors is
not unwise
Hannah: I'm kidding sash.
Hannah: I agree
Hannah: sorry
Sasha: Let me ask you this.  Do gays get legally married in the UK?
Hannah: I don't know
Hannah: I think so
Hannah: Elton john did didn't he?
Sasha: I don't know.
Hannah: I think he did
Hannah: maybe Jo would marry me?
Sasha: But I guess I just planted a seed of an idea in you, didn't
I?
Hannah: lol
Hannah: u guessed
Sasha: but of course.  When have I not?
Hannah: bitch
Hannah: lol
Sasha: tramp
Hannah: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Sasha: ooooooooooooooooo
Hannah: all over your lovely pussy
Hannah: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hannah: u make me laugh sash
Sasha: u make me horny
Hannah: oooooo me too
Sasha: you make yourself horny?
Hannah: v funny
Sasha: ur wet.
Hannah: but now u ask, yes I do
Hannah: ill check
Sasha: you have to check?
Hannah: mmmmmmmmmm yep
Hannah: lol
Hannah: now shitheads keyboard is sticky
Hannah: lol
Sasha: lick your fingers clean
Hannah: I need slave here
Sasha: so did I
Sasha: or you will do nicely
Hannah: yes miss
Sasha: I know, sweetie.
Sasha: I know how badly you wish to serve
Sasha: but only m
Sasha: me
Hannah: sometimes I do
Sasha: I know.
Hannah: I wonder about it
Hannah: HOW CAN U KNOW????????
Sasha: But it has to be a very strong woman to possess you that way
Hannah: too right
Sasha: and you know I am that women, Hannah
Hannah: yes mistress Sasha
Sasha: deep down you want to know the joys that it feels when it
serves you and Jo.  But you are so afraid to admit it and lose your
Dominant image
Hannah: perhaps
Hannah: sometimes u are so scary
Sasha: You don't feel this way all the time, dearest.  Just sometimes
Sasha: scary, my dear?
Hannah: yes I do
Hannah: how much u know me
Sasha: I know you all, my love
Hannah: yes mistress, I think u do
Sasha: And I know that there are times when you wish it was you that
was dragged into the look by your lovely tresses and thrown to the cold
floor and made to serve
Sasha: into the loo
Hannah: I do sometimes
Hannah: when I watch Jo with slave
Hannah: just to try
Sasha: I know.
Hannah: just to have that feeling
Hannah: I might not like it
Sasha: But you do wish that I would do something like that to you
Hannah: yes Mistress
Sasha: you would love it and you know it  That is what scares you.
Hannah: I don't know if I would
Sasha: yes you do
Hannah: I couldn't drink pee or anything
Hannah: and I couldn't take the beating it does
Sasha: you would do that willingly for someone you truly loved and
gave yourself to.
Hannah: would I
Sasha: yes
Hannah: I'm just thinking of playing sub though, not being someone's
Property like her
Sasha: you, dear Hannah, would whimper in the back of your throat, as
you were pushed to your knees in front of my pussy
Sasha: I know.  Not many could do what it does
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: I know you are mine, Hannah. You all are in so many ways.
Sasha: you gave yourself to me long ago when you agreed to let go
and follow the path I set forth for you.
Sasha: just as the others did.
Hannah: I've just cum from thinking about it
Sasha: I know.
Hannah: a 1-finger tussle and I came like a little girl
Sasha: You know, my dear, I could have given you a new car.  I could
have given you each 1000,000 pounds.  I chose to give you something
much better.
Sasha: you are a little girl to me, Hannah
Sasha: you are my little girl.
Hannah: yes mistress
Hannah: I am
Sasha: that's mostly why I want you to lose the ring.  And to dress
more feminine
Hannah: I will mistress
Sasha: you are such a lovely young lady, Hannah.  You need to go to
the effort of presently yourself as such
Sasha: presenting
Hannah: ill ask Jo to choose some new clothes for me
Hannah: and I will lose the ring, for you both
Sasha: thank you
Sasha: and you know Hannah, each of you ought to consider a tattoo
with the others names on it. Small and tasteful.  But it will solidify
your symbiotic relationship.
Sasha: and your closeness
Hannah: that's a nice idea
Hannah: for me and Jo at least
Sasha: I know it is
Hannah: Allison is still young
Hannah: like you said
Sasha: yes, but Allison has matured a very long way and has made her
choices
Sasha: she is only 17 in age.  But up in her late 20's or 20's
experience-wise
Hannah: I guess so
Sasha: Well, let me ask you this.  Will any man ever be able to do
for Allison what she is getting now?
Sasha: Where her whole life is sexually exciting?
Hannah: no
Hannah: none that I've had would anyhow
Sasha: she is realizing it also
Hannah: I don't want a man again
Sasha: nor does Jo, and nor does Allison.
Sasha: there are some special men.  I know a few.  Hell, I might
even send one out to you all one day.  But basically, what is happening to
You all can't be duplicated.
Sasha: Allison might leave for a while but she will ALWAYS come back.
Sasha: because what she has know she will always need
Hannah: she says sometimes, that if she gets married she will always
come back for sex
Hannah: she's said that
Sasha: Lol!  And how will that go over with her loving husband?
Hannah: ????????lol
Hannah: imagine it, I'm just going to make love to my mom and her
lover and slave
Hannah: lolol
Sasha: "hey, Hun!  I'm going out for a bit to fuck my mum and
Hannah!"
Hannah: exactly lol
Sasha: that's going to go over as well as a fart in an elevator
Hannah: lol
Hannah: u do make me laugh mistress
Sasha: So think about it.  Allison will have this huge secret from this
person with whom she is supposed to have no secrets.
Hannah: I know
Sasha: I have wrestled with this dilemma for a long time before I
wanted her involved.
Sasha: I knew I was going to create something that would, in a
sense, ruin her for everyone else.
Hannah: well u have
Hannah: with slaves help
Sasha: and she will be happy.
Hannah: she is happy
Sasha: I have sort of created an addiction in you all.
Hannah: I know that much
Sasha: but once you have experienced it, you all cant do with out
it.
Hannah: I know I cant
Sasha: Neither can Jo and neither can Allison.
Hannah: I need them all, and the power and the control, and the love
Hannah: AND THE SEX
Sasha: But part of that addiction is the openness and honesty and
love you all have together.  That DOESN'T happen with anyone else.
Sasha: so it is a total package that goes ways beyond sex.
Hannah: I know
Hannah: Jo calls us a decadent family
Sasha: and it is that love honesty and openness she will miss the
most.  That is the cake.  The sex is just the icing.
Sasha: if it were just wild sex none of you would be as happy
Hannah: true
Sasha: you all are in a way.  But if religion wasn't important to so
many people, I would hope that more families would be like this,.
Sasha: be less divorces.  Be less teenage pregnancies.  Be less teen
runaways
Hannah: we still have insecurities
Hannah: Jo is still sometimes worried about slave
Sasha: Of course, but you can admit them to each other
Sasha: worried how?
Hannah: that she might not stay with us
Hannah: I tell her she's being silly
Hannah: but she sometimes says it
Sasha: Very silly.  She couldn't get rid of Steph if she tried.
Hannah: its funny u calling it steph
Sasha: Take her to New Zealand.  Leave her there.  She will find her
way back
Hannah: lol
Sasha: I just did to make a point
Sasha: she is more loyal than Lassie.
Hannah: she is, and she does love us
Hannah: all of us
Hannah: she tells me
Sasha: Steph is what, 33?
Hannah: I don't know
Hannah: I think so
Sasha: whatever.  You are now giving her what she has yearned for
all of her life.
Sasha: seriously yearned for.
Sasha: to the point of being seriously depressed for not having
someone to serve like she is now.
Hannah: she makes me cry sometimes, how she thanks us, and she means
it u know
Hannah: even when we beat her
Hannah: she is so special
Sasha: After Christmas when her and I started seriously writing
again, she was seriously depressed and almost to the point of needing help.
Hannah: awwwwwww
Hannah: she was always nice to me in the warehouse
Sasha: And very seriously, between just you and I, if you all kicked
her out now, she would commit suicide.
Hannah: WE NEVER WILL
Sasha: because her whole life is serving you
Hannah: NEVER
Sasha: I know that
Sasha: but letting you know how seriously she takes this.
Hannah: is she happy, when she writes to you ?
Hannah: honestly
Sasha: She is ECSTATIC!
Hannah: i knew it
Hannah: I do love her so much sash
Hannah: everything about her
Sasha: I know you do.  You love them all.
Hannah: I do
Sasha: you have the best family ever
Hannah: sometimes I don't say it much .to them I mean
Sasha: You are in such a great situation that people never even
allow themselves to dream of it
Hannah: I know
Hannah: I didn't think anyone was ever this happy
Sasha: did angel show you the book I started about you all?
Hannah: no????
Sasha: all the letters and chats from January?
Hannah: she'll have to be punished
Sasha: No.
Hannah: no she didn't
Sasha: do not punish her.
Hannah: why not
Sasha: I put all the letters and chats from January in a long
document.  Almost 1/2 a megabyte.
Hannah: can u send it to me here?
Hannah: I can print it all out
Sasha: because I never told her to show you.  I did it as an
exercise to show her how far she had come.
Hannah: use his cartridges
Sasha: Lol!
Sasha: It is long
Hannah: so...?
Hannah: lol
Sasha: I'll send it.
Hannah: thanks
Sasha: And before I publish it I will change every name.  Already
changed any locations and things like that
Sasha: but what you have is that beautiful.
Sasha: no one will ever believe it is true
Hannah: lol
Hannah: I don't believe it sometimes
Sasha: that's why I put it all down.
Sasha: Because you all went from nothing so far so quickly.
Sasha: it's only been three months
Hannah: I know
Hannah: scary eh?
Hannah: but now its forever
Sasha: I know.  And I am so proud of myself for making it all
happen.  It could never ever happen again with anyone else.
Hannah: slave is the key to it u know
Hannah: it's not me and Jo or Allison
Hannah: its her
Sasha: I am well aware of it.
Sasha: everything revolves around that little jewel.
Hannah: yep
Sasha: it is on its way
Hannah: I get all soft sometimes when I think about it
Sasha: and you can re-read our first chats together.  Lol1
Sasha: I get soft all the time when I think about it
Hannah: I have it, ty Sasha
Hannah: I forgot your other name was Xxxxxxx
Sasha: you're welcome, my love
Sasha: and Hannah?
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: I will delete from our chat today your deepest, darkest
Admissions to me
Hannah: don't
Sasha: if you wish
Hannah: you don't have to
Hannah: I want them to be there
Hannah: please
Sasha: as you wish..................... slave
Hannah: yes mistress TY
Sasha: you are most welcome, dear Hannah.  I knew you would come
around
Sasha: are you printing it yet?
Hannah: YES
Hannah: AND READING BITS
Hannah: sorry about the caps
Sasha: good while it is printing stand up
Hannah: yes mistress?
Sasha: lower your pants
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: panties?
Hannah: yes mistress, I have panties on
Hannah: a bit wet now
Sasha: take them down
Hannah: yes
Sasha: run your fingers through your hair down there
Hannah: I am
Sasha: very wet, aren't you?
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: with one hand pull back our clitoral hood to expose it.
Hannah: I see it
Sasha: of course you do.  Now start slapping the exposed clit with
the other hand.
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: lightly and slowly and then harder and faster until you cum
for me
Sasha: and you will cum rather hard
Sasha: I will stroke myself and wait for your explosion.
Hannah: I've cum
Hannah: wobbly legs and all
Sasha: surprised it took so long
Hannah: sorry
Sasha: now don't clean yourself
Hannah: no mistress
Sasha: give it something to clean and some wet panties to lick
Hannah: ? sorry?
Sasha: unless you though you should lick your own for me
Hannah: I will lick them if u wants mistress
Sasha: does Hannah want to lick her wet panties for Mistress?
Hannah: yes please mistress
Sasha: then remove them and wipe yourself dry with them
Hannah: yes
Sasha: and don't forget your ass either, dear.
Hannah: ok I'm wiped my pussy and my ass
Sasha: take the wet crotch and put it right on your pretty tongue
Hannah: yes
Sasha: and then out them all the way in your mouth and keep them
there
Sasha: and shut your mouth when they are in, dear
Hannah: ok
Sasha: taste good?
Hannah: yes mistress
Sasha: good leave them there
Sasha: Now did you ladies print out the pictures of me I sent you?
Hannah: no
Sasha: why not?
Hannah: she tried to transfer them
Sasha: I had hoped you all would have them framed around the house
Hannah: can u send them now?
Sasha: Is your printer color?
Hannah: I can print them here
Sasha: has Jo and Allison ever seen them?
Hannah: b&w
Hannah: no
Sasha: but you have
Hannah: I saw one u showed me a long time ago
Sasha: well, I will send them here through messenger
Hannah: can I take my panties out now please?
Sasha: why, dear?
Hannah: no reason, sorry
Sasha: I thought so
Hannah: forgive me (that's what it says all the time)
Sasha: I forgive you.
Sasha: Submission is doing for others
Sasha: did a pic arrive?
Hannah: no
Hannah: not yet
Sasha: o.k.  Emailing
Hannah: he will be home soon and I want to be out b4 he gets here
Hannah: k
Sasha: o.k.  Did you wish to see my pussy, dear?
Hannah: yes please
Hannah: mmmmmmm
Sasha: do you think the other will love that framed on the night table
by the bed?
Hannah: Jo?  I don't know. I think so
Hannah: still don't have any yet
Hannah: and I do want to go before 4 when he gets in
Hannah: u still there
Hannah: I gotta go Sasha, sorry
Sasha: had to reboot
Hannah: but I guess you lost it anyway
Hannah: ok
Sasha: do you have time to print them?
Hannah: I don't want him to find me printing them
Hannah: do u understand
Hannah: I don't want him to be part of my life now
Sasha: o.k.  Can you save this chat and send it to me when done?
Sasha: I very much understand
Hannah: ok sure
Sasha: the Hannah he knew doesn't exist.

Monday, March 24

Mistress

I have a tattoo.  It is on my hip, well, its actually between my hip bone and
the mound of my mons, the bottom of it is on a level with the top of my cunt. 
Mistress Hannah said she had told you I was to have it done, and she took me on
Saturday.  It was (thankfully) a lady tattoo artist.  Mistress Hannah talked to
her about the tattoo and they agreed a design, then the woman came to me and
asked me where it was to be and Hannah told me to take off my skirt (which I was
a little reluctant to do - I was scared of the thought of the tattoo and that we
were just in a sort of shop, but I did take it off and Mistress Hannah held up
my shirt and showed her a point between my belly button and my cunt, but the
lady had me sit back in the chair, and turned it away from the shop front, and
she put a red plastic dot where Mistress Hannah had said, then they talked and
moved the dot about, until they agreed where it was to be.

I have instructions from them all that I am not allowed to hide it from anyone,
and that my skirts or whatever should never be so high that it is hidden.  I
have only had two people this morning comment on it, and no one asked about it
or looked too closely.  If anyone does, I am to judge, and if they are people
who might be viewers or customers I must explain the true situation to them, if
they are innocents, I should say that the names are those of my girlfriends.
I have to go shortly.  I will try to write more later.

slave x

Last week I was very busy.  Miss Beatrice took me to Miss Patricia's, first on
my own, then again on Thursday with Trisha.  They had planned the visit with
Trisha on Wednesday.  They ideally wanted her to undress with me, for them, but
eventually that didn't happen, but she did touch me for them, and Miss Beatrice
and Miss Patricia were so pleased with me they each took it in turns to allow me
to please them while the other took Trisha out.  They were both very wet
Mistress so I think what happened still excited them, I know it excited me
Mistress, though for a while I did feel sorry for Trisha, but later she was
enjoying herself and openly played with my nipples and she stroked my bottom,
even when she was not told to by Miss Patricia.

My Mistresses have a crop too.  I don't think I have told you about that.  It's
been so long (or it feels so long) since I wrote to you.  Miss Allison carries
it most of the time, and she whips me with it before she talks to me.  She says
it is 'Training'.  It started on Wednesday (maybe even Tuesday, I am not sure). 
Mistress Hannah wanted to go down to the new flat to ask the lady there if we
could look around, and she told me to go down and see if she was in.  I
approached Miss Hannah and knelt (that is what I have to do before I speak) and
I just waited, then she said "What" and I asked her what I might wear to go down
in.  I just thought that she must have forgotten, but she told me to go naked,
and I just stayed there and she said "What" again and I said that she was an
elderly lady and then Mistress Jo interrupted me and told me I was a disobedient
little slut and she pulled me over to her and started to talk to me, inches from
my face, and she told me that if Mistress Hannah wanted me to go and walk around
the town naked then I must do it without questioning her, and she told me never
to offer an opinion again.  She was stern with me but she wasn't angry, at least
I didn't think she was, but then she got me to my feet and she bent me over and
she started to slap my legs and bottom really hard.  Miss Allison came in, and
she said something about 'don't forget this' or something of that sort and she
gave something to Mistress Jo and she used it on me (I now know it was a riding
crop, and she used it about five times.  It really hurt, much more than the
paddle or a hand with so few strokes, I could feel where it had hit for the
whole of the next day when I sat or anything.  That must have been Wednesday,
because when I saw Miss Patricia, or rather she saw me, she commented that I had
a mark on my leg but the other marks had gone down I imagine.

Since then, and especially over the weekend, Miss Allison uses the crop on me if
I am slow in obeying or just to get my attention.

Have to go again.  Sorry.

Slave

You are correct in that you haven't been writing too much, slave.  I had missed
hearing from you.  I was able to chat with Hannah a couple of days ago when she
was online picking up the rest of her belongings at her old place.  I do wish
she could have taken the computer with her.
And it is good to hear that Trisha is moving along with you too.  I would assume
that you desire to serve her just as you do everybody?
And your tattoo.  I guess I should congratulate you on that.  Tattoos, like your
new position, are forever and your getting one shows your level of commitment.
I heard a little about it but I would like for you to describe it to me in full. 
And you do know you never described Patricia and her body to her either.  Though
it is good to hear you have another pussy to rub your face into.  I am surprised
that you do seem to be the only shaved one in the whole group.  It surprises me
when you are so available for personal grooming.  I do hope you shave everyone's
legs for them.
And, my, you were insolent with your mistresses about going down to the new
flat.  Almost as if you wanted to be whipped.  Well, they did accommodate you
and you paid the price.  You do know that punishing you is hard because you
always seem to enjoy them so much.
Just continue to obey, angel.

Your loving Mistress

Mistress

I am sorry I have not written so much lately.  I have been busy; please try to
forgive me Mistress.

The thing with Trisha is somewhat different from the others.  She doesn't order
me at all, she was being ordered by Miss Patricia initially, but later she just
touched me freely.  Of course I would serve her if she wished it, but she is
different.  She is seeing me as a friend really.  I am just a friend who, just
that once, she touched.  She was so embarrassed about it initially Mistress.  It
was so sweet.  I whispered to her that it was ok, and please, when Miss Patricia
told her the first time to put her hand on my breast when they had her pose with
me to show them how they were going to produce bills for the new thong.  Anyway,
I don't really think I shall be serving Trisha, but it's nice to have allowed
her to touch me.

My tattoo is there and yes it is permanent.  It's basically a red heart with a
blue border, with the words Hannah, Josephine and Allison across it in blue, and
an S as a tail to it.  That is for you Mistress, they talked about it.  It's
about 1", maybe a little more, excluding the 'S'. 
Actually, when they were talking about it on Saturday night, they also said that
I could explain to strangers that it was for Slave.

Ericka saw it earlier and asked about it, and she looked closely at it and asked
who they were, and I told her girlfriends, but she didn't ask more.  Actually,
she touched it too, and it's so close to my cunt that I immediately got excited,
even with just a touch.  The only others who have mentioned it were Penny and
Jen.  I have been working with them today, on and off.  They have really gotten
used to having someone to boss about.

Miss Patricia is - I guess - about 45.  She is slim, with small breasts and
always dresses immaculately.    Last week, when she had me kiss her pussy to
orgasm, after Trisha and I posed, her underwear was silk and beautiful.  She is
very demanding.  She snaps sometimes too.  She really got quite cross with
Trisha last week when she didn't actually put her hand on my breast, she
initially just held it over my breast, not actually touching.  She called her a
silly girl and told her that I didn't bite.  I'm not so sure that she doesn't
bite though.  She and Miss Beatrice get on really well.

I didn't mean to be insolent last week Mistress, Truly I didn't.  You must
believe me.  I don't seek to be beaten, not at all.  I have too many other
things to please me that I no-longer crave being beaten, and Miss Allison so
often uses her ruler or the strap on me I would never act in a way to try to get
them to hit me.  And now that Mistress Jo has shown me how it can hurt I would
never - and even then I didn't - try to goad them into hitting me.  Really I
wouldn't.  I can't even think of deliberately being insolent to them.  I don't
want to lose them Mistress.  And Mistress, you have to believe me when I tell
you that I don't always enjoy being punished.  Sometimes my cunt and around my
anus really hurts and stings for a long time afterwards.  And the Crop is just
savage.  If Mistress Jo had done more that hard I might even have begged her to
stop. 
It isn't flat like the ruler and the strap. They really sting, and I know I
always cry because they do hurt, but not like the riding crop.  That's
different.  Please believe me Mistress.  I know, when I was not like this, you
know, Owned like this, I may have told you that I wanted people to spank me, but
now its different, and these are not spankings. 
They are very different and they truly do hurt.

I am continuing to obey Mistress.  Just yesterday they sent me down to
Miss Jacobson with just a towel around my waist to ask her about the telephones. 
She was a little shocked, but she didn't say anything except
'You will catch your death of cold like that' and she asked me if I'd just come
out of the shower.  Anyway, I didn't argue or anything when Miss Hannah told me
to go, and I had got to the top of the stairs, outside of the flat before she
called me back and told me to get a towel.  I have to confess to you though,
that I was so happy that she gave me the towel.

I will send this now, as it replies to some things you have said, and I don't
want you to get the wrong idea.

slave  x

Monday, March 26

I am so glad you got the tattoo, angel.  And I am also elated to hear that I was
remembered on it as well.  I did so much want to be considered a permanent part
of you, my dear.

You mentioned a lot about how you felt about being cropped.  I would ask you
this.  Do you think that what you are receiving with the crop is something you
can adjust to and learn to crave like everything else?
Two other items also come to mind.  Several subs I have known need to be warmed
up either a little or a lot before heavier and harsher implements are used to
beat them with.  I would also fathom a guess that your Mistresses might not yet
be adept at the usage of the crop.  The feelings you just related to me are
different from when you were cropped by Mme. Xxxxx so long ago.  This leads me
to believe that the usage now might be given a little too harshly and without
experience.  Extreme excitement makes it harder to control the severity of the
strokes.
What are your opinions of what I just said?
And I didn't know Trisha was doing modeling shows for Patricia with you.  You
work with Trisha, right?  How much further do you think things will go with her? 
Can you tell if she is submissive like you?
I am very proud of you, angel.  And now when you look at the pussy you can't
touch, you will always see my "S" right there where I would always be if I only
could.................

Sasha

Friday, March 28

Mistress

I have no opinion as to whether my Mistresses are using their things properly or
not, and I don't mind that they might really hurt me.  I do know that Mistress
Jo in particular, does get excited when She beats me, and I am happy that she
does.  She told me She did, a few nights ago. 
She took me to Her bed early, while Mistress Hannah and Miss Allison were
watching television, and She allowed me to make love to her, untied. 
When she was satisfied, she cuddled me, and she talked to me for the longest
time, telling me why She loved me so, and telling me that I loved
Her.  She was wonderful Mistress.  She had me at her side, then she lifted me
and positioned me so that I was sitting on her pelvis, and she looked at me and
told me that she loved me and the reason she did was that I am a 'sweet little
thing' and that she knows that I love Her, and I started to tell Her that I did,
but she stopped me, then She said that the special thing was that she didn't
have to worry about upsetting me or hurting my feelings, or hurting me at all,
and she laughed a little.
She pulled on my nipples all the while and told me that I was hers, her
Property, and that she could do with me as she wished whenever she wished.  She
didn't have to even think whether I was in the right mood for anything.  She
told me she loved me so much, and she told me that she loved sex with me, and
she loved abusing me, hurting me and that sometimes that was more arousing than
even sex.  She told me "I love you so much my little slave that I want to slap
your face", then she asked me if I wanted her to slap me and I said yes please
Mistress, and she pulled hard on my nipples and told me to beg her to, and I
did, I begged her to slap me hard, and she did, really hard, across my face,
then just watched me and did it again, and she told me to thank her, and I did. 
It really hurt but I didn't mind, I was happy, and I know that that's perverse,
but I was Mistress.  So if They wish to beat me, and it pleases them, then it
also pleases me Mistress.

I have been out of the office a lot of this week Mistress, so I will send this
now as I have many things to do.  I will try to write to you again later today. 
Things at work have changed a little.  Mistress Hannah and Mistress Jo sent a
note with me to Trisha, telling her I was a lesbian sex slave and that she has
their permission to play with me, have me play with her, abuse me, humiliate me,
lots of things like that, and Trisha showed it to two of the other girls and
they have been tormenting me and on Wednesday they stole my clothes.  They
undressed me under a desk in a corner and went off with my clothes.  They told
me they had put them in a drawer in Trisha's desk, and I had to wait until no
one else was in the room and go and get them.  I was there for over an hour
under the desk.  They pinch me and pull my skirt down.


I have to go, Jane wants me.

slave x




Dear reader,
Here are the letters from the month of April.  Please notice that there are far
fewer of them than in previous months.  Stephanie and her Mistresses have gotten
into more of a routine with their lifestyles.  And importantly, as each Mistress
becomes more and more comfortable with her role, less and less correspondence is
required to get them up to speed.  The first months showed how tentative they
were in their roles.  Now you can see that they have grown into them better than
could ever have been expected.  And the reader must remember that, even in this
new millennium, not everyone has a computer in the home.  Stephanie writes when
her duties allow her the free time to do so.  She is a busy young lady now more
than ever.

April 1, 2003

Angel,

How have you been?  I was out of town and away from my system for several days. 
Quite surprised that my mailbox was not brimming with letters from you relating
more of what has been happening to you.........

Your loving Mistress

Thursday April 10, 2003

Mistress

I am so sorry for not having written to you but things are not very easy for me
now at work.
I only have a few minutes but Mistress Jo told me to send you the attached note
today.
Please forgive me for not having written.  My Mistresses say that I am now a
much better slave than I was, and I hope they are pleased with me.

I have to go. Sorry.  Mistress told me to check tomorrow in case you had replied
to her, and I will.

slave xxx

Friday April 11

angel,

Thank you for remembering me after so much time.  I think that it would be
appropriate if you made it a point to write me much more frequently.
I need to know what is happening with you and how your days are being filled. 
Your new life is something I certainly wish to be a part of since I helped to
create it for you.
Make it a point to write me more often.  It appears you are doing well but I
want to hear what is going on from you and updates on what each of your
Mistresses are doing as well.  It also seems that you are being loaned out for
others to use as well.  Tell me all.

Sasha

Monday April 14

Mistress,

I have some time to myself, for the first time in so long.  I am at
Miss Beatrice's house.  She has me until 10:00 tonight but her friend has come
by and she told me I might use her PC to write to you.

You asked how I was being treated.  Well, I am not at work, well, not at the
office at least, very much. Last week it was only 2 days.  The others were at
Miss Beatrice's house or at Miss Patricia's.

When I am in the office a few of the ladies there have taken to teasing me and
pinching me and making fun of my tattoo and stripping me of my skirt and hiding
it.  Last Thursday I couldn't find it and so I had to go home without it, just
my short and my jacket.
I am very busy at work when I am there and at Miss Beatrice's.  I have various
menial tasks to do for any of the Ladies, and for Miss Beatrice's cleaner, and I
am still preparing information for the role I used to have as Development
Manager, so I rarely have a minute to myself.

Miss Beatrice is very kind to me, and sometimes she allows Miss Trisha to play
with this body while she watches, and then when Trisha has gone Miss Beatrice
allows me to 'delight' her.  I think she is pleased with me.

In your mail you mentioned that this body was loaned out, but Mistress
Jo says they are renting it out.  So far they have rented my body to
Goddess (that is Miss Donna, Mistress Hannah's sister) twice, and once to Miss
Susan - she is a friend of Mistress Jo's.  They are allowed to take me for a
night at a time, but they have to take me with just one item of clothing and no
shoes.  Miss Susan bought a very big and fat strap on dildo when I went with
her, and she likes to use what she calls Her 'Pet' on my body.  It's a multi
stranded whip, about two feet long. 
She is experienced in Domination, she has told me about two young men she has
used in the past to 'satisfy her whims'.

My Mistresses now have the dildo, and they take it in turns to fuck this body
with it, sometimes while the other's watch.  They appear to enjoy this Mistress.

I have just heard Miss Beatrice's friend leaving Mistress so I should go.

Thank you for writing to me.  I shall always try to write to you.

slave  xx

Wednesday April 16

Angel,

You have my permission to relate to me how you feel about everything that is
happening to you.  You speak so unemotionally now.  I know that has been part of
your training as property but, considering how long you and I have been
together, it is still hard to get used to.  As a continuing bridge between you
and your owners I would like your thoughts on how you fee being rented out to
others, how you feel being brutally fucked by a very large (my idea, of course)
strap on dildo, how you feel being used and played with by ladies in your office
whom you were once equals with.  With me, you are allowed thoughts.  Our love
transcends time.  Write to me more often.  I am your lifeline and your opinions
and feelings are important to me.  And they also make me very wet.  Of course,
the thought of that dildo being used on you by me also does that.  And I would
imagine that you know that I would be using it in your ass.  Considering how
much I love comforting you and licking up the tears off of your cheeks, I would
have to use that dildo to produce the tears, wouldn't I?

Mistress

Monday April 28

Mistress

I have some free time!!!!!!!!  Most of the office is at a team-building day and
there is only Doris here and she is nice to me.
You asked for me to let you know about the things that are happening to me, but
i don't feel i can tell you about my Mistresses, but I don't think that my
Mistresses like Miss Susan very much (i have heard them talking about her) so I
think it would be ok for me to tell you about her, and I have missed not telling
you about things.

My Mistresses have rented me to Miss Susan twice now.  The first time was a
couple of weeks ago, and then again last Friday.  The first time
I don't think she knew how far to go with me and it was all a series of tests
really.  But when she got to know about my position she was much more free with
me and she told me about some boys she had used in the past.

When she came to collect me I had one of Mistress Allison's tops on.  Just that. 
It was a tight pink top, with one strap over a shoulder, and it came to just
below my bottom.  None of my Mistresses abused me at all while Miss Susan was
there, they just sat and talked for a while - it was the first time Mistress
Hannah had met her I think - and I was just left kneeling in front of Mistress
Allison.

When it was time to go, Miss Jo told Miss Susan that I was only ever allowed to
wear one item of clothing at the most, and she said it really seriously.  She
said it more than once too, as if Miss Susan might not know how to treat me.

Miss Susan took me down to the car and I sat in, and she leant across and just
fingered the breasts, staring at me.  It was then that she told me to only ever
nod or shake my head.  She'd asked me if I minded her fingering me and I'd said
No Miss, but she told me never to talk, only to nod or shake my head.

She drove me to Xxxxfield, to her house, and we both got out of the car, and in
her drive she came around to my side and pulled my top down so that my breast
was exposed, and she stood laughing at me.  She told me she was going to have
fun.

When we got into the house, she pulled my top off me and she fingered this body
all over - actually Mistress Sasha.  When I write to you, it would be much
easier if I might call it my body.   I do know that it is not mine, not in any
way is any part of this body mine.  My Mistresses have taught me that, truly
they have, but it's just difficult to explain things to you talking about this
body in the 3rd person.  I do know that all that i am and that i have belongs to
my Mistresses.  I hope you understand Mistress.

Anyway, Miss Susan took me into a room and she just had me get into various
positions - bent over, pulling my bottom cheeks apart.  Lying on the floor and
pulling my vagina lips wide open.  All sorts of positions, but she didn't touch
me at all at first when we were in that room. 
Then she started to call me names.  She told me I was a pathetic slut. 
She kept saying that, and asked me to let her know that I agreed.  I nodded and
she laughed at me.

She asked me if I wanted to kiss her, and I nodded, and if I wanted to touch
her, she just kept asking me questions.  Then she took me upstairs to her
bedroom and slapped my bottom as we climbed the stairs.  She told me to undress
her, and she pushed her body against me as I did, and she sat on the bed and
told me to lick her feet.  I licked her feet and sucked on her toes for a long
time until she pulled my head up and put it between her legs, and I ran my
tongue between her lips to separate her pubes.  She has a lot of long pubic
hair, and she came very quickly from me licking her. 

Mistress, just an aside, Doris is looking at me, she is to the side of me.  She
doesn't normally look at me when the others are here, but I just looked up and
she was looking at my legs.  I have a skirt on today, it's almost knee length
but it has slits almost to the waist, and the fold at the front is between my
legs, and she was definitely looking at my legs.   Miss Beatrice has told me
that I must always look to serve anyone who shows any interest in me, even if it
is just to prepare coffee for them, I shall go and ask her if I may make her a
coffee.  I will be back soon Mistress.

slave

xxxxxxxxx  Thank you Mistress - I am enjoying telling you again.  X



Mistress,

I made Doris a coffee, and we sat and chatted for a while, but she only wanted a
coffee so that was ok.  She was happy that I'd asked.


I was telling you about Miss Susan ... she lay back on her bed and just ignored
me.  Actually, as she turned over she accidentally kicked me in the head,
nothing severe, just caught me as she turned over.  I was still on my knees on
the floor.  After a while she called to me to get on the bed, and she turned me
over and pinched my bottom as she talked to me about what a pussy-licking slut I
was.  She pinched and slapped my bottom for a long time, then she told me to sit
up and masturbate myself, and she just watched me. 

Later, she had me lick her bottom, to lick her anus clean for her.  She just
kept moving my head, and turning over until I was at her bottom, then lifted her
bottom, she sort of got onto her knees, and when I carried on licking her she
told me I was a good little slut. 

After a while, she turned over and looked at me and said she needed to wee, and
she looked at me, and asked me if she needed to go to the toilet to do it, and I
shook my head, and she pulled my head down to her wee hole and she peed into me.

When she had done, that was when she first told me about her subs, the ones she
had had before.  I was the first fem sub she had used.  She told me that she has
something that she used on her boy subs and she asked me if I thought I should
meet her 'pet'.  It was a multi strapped whip, quite short.  She used it on my
bottom and my breasts, and finally on my vagina.  She said it was lovely having
a clean shaved vagina to whip.  About half way through her whipping me - it
wasn't too hard, though it stung terribly when the actual whip hit - she sat on
my face and she peed into me while she whipped my vagina, then she pushed the
handle into my vagina, then pulled one of my legs up, and she pushed it into my
anus, really deep.  She left it in my bottom for a long time after she'd
finished pushing and pulling it.  She just got herself a drink and sat and
looked at me.  I was on my knees but with my head on the bed, my bottom in the
air, and this whip in my anus.  She just looked at me for a long time, and then
she dressed.  When she was done she took it out of me and gave it to me to lick
it clean.

We went downstairs and she told me to put on my top, and she took me to a really
seedy sex shop.  It was really dirty and there was an old man sitting on a
stool.  He just watched us as Miss Susan took me around the shop.  She went to a
section of dildos and pulled one from a stand. 
It was the one she bought.  It is really very big, and she had me hold it in my
hands, and try to put my fingers around it, but it was too big for my fingers to
meet my thumb and she laughed and told me, aloud so that the old man could hear,
how she was going to fuck me with it. 
She took me out of the shop and straight to her car, and in the car she said she
needed to pee and she got out again and took me to a toilet by the car park, and
she took me into a booth and took down her panties and trousers and pushed me
down to my knees, and she peed into me, and all the time she did she just swore
at me, about what a worthless dirty little slut I was.

When we got back to her house, she took me straight upstairs, put on the harness
over her trousers and pushed me back on the bed and she climbed on me and
started to push it against my vagina.  She pushed me up the bed with it, until
my head was against the headboard, and she rubbed it over my vagina then it
broke into me and I thought i was going to split open. My clitoris was being
pulled and just inside my vagina was on fire, like it was burning, and she
fucked me, over and over with it.  I did cum, but it was more with the pain of
it than sexual stimulation Mistress.  She was so savage about it; she grabbed my
tits in her fingers as she pushed into me, and with that thing in her leaning
and me on my chest I could hardly breathe.

When she had had enough, she pulled off me, and sat between my legs looking at
my vagina, and she slid her fingers over it, and then put her hand into me.  She
sat there for a while, then she told me her husband would be home soon so she
had to get me back.  She pulled me off her bed and told me to tidy it, and while
I did she used her pet on my bottom, then she took me downstairs and drove me to
my Mistresses.

Last Friday when she rented me, she took me away with just a shawl. 
Mistress Allison decided that was all I should have.  On the way, Miss Susan
pulled at my nipples and grabbed my breasts, and she told me it was a shame I
didn't have more to wear as she had promised a friend of hers that she could
meet me and that we were going to meet in a pub.  We got to the pub, and Miss
Susan went in, and about 10 mins later she came out with another woman, and they
both got into the car.  Miss Susan drove away, and she told me that her friend
wanted to watch me being used as a toilet, and maybe she would want to use me
too, and the other woman giggled.  They talked after that until we got to Miss
Susan's.

In the house, her friend was shocked at the shawl I think, but them
Miss Susan said "That's nothing" and she pulled it off me, and she told me to
lick her shoes clean, so I knelt down and licked her shoes until she turned and
walked away.  Her friend ran her hand along my back while I was on all fours. 
Miss Susan called to me, and I got up and walked into the room they had gone
into and she slapped my face and told me that she hadn't told me that I could
stand so I got down onto all fours again.  They got drinks, and Miss Susan asked
her friend if she wanted to play with me, she must have nodded (she was sitting
behind me) and Miss Susan told me to go and lay on my back over her friend's
lap.

Sorry Mistress, But Doris has said she wants a cup of tea.  I asked her earlier
to please let me know if she wanted anything.  I should be back in a minute
Mistress.

slave xxx

Mistress

Doris is such a sweet person.  She was saying that it's horrible the way some of
the young girls treat me.  I had to tell her that it is ok, and I don't want her
to say anything about it, but it shows her sweet nature that she should say it
doesn't it.  She can't possibly understand the way I am and my position.  Miss
Beatrice has told me that I am not to complain to any of the ladies about
anything they do to me, and I haven't. 

The only think that i sort of wish they didn't do is when they steal my chair
and they flick their rulers on my bottom, usually when I am on the telephone. 
It stings and is such a shock sometimes.  Actually, I wish they wouldn't steal
my clothes so often.  One day last week, at 5:00 a couple of the ladies took me
to the storeroom for some stationery and they stripped me and took away my
clothes.  They stood outside the store and I begged them for them back, I was
crying.  I had to meet Mistress Allison on my way home and anyway I just had to
have some clothes.  I was so upset.  I thought I would be late for my Mistress. 
Eventually, they gave me my clothes when Miss Beatrice came through.  She
laughed with them but told them to let me go.

Oh Mistress, I have not told you ... we have moved.  We are downstairs now.  We
have one bedroom as a normal small bedroom, for visitors and occasionally
Mistress Allison says she may sleep in there, and one bedroom - the biggest one
- has the most enormous bed you have ever seen in it. 
That is the family bed, and I am allowed to sleep in it when invited
(The other times I am strapped to a chair), and the third bedroom is being to be
prepared as a playroom.

About my sleeping - most nights I have been in bed with some, or one, of my
Mistresses.  Occasionally I have started in bed but later pushed onto the floor
if one of them gets too hot or anything, but they have taken to using a cane
high back chair for me to sleep in.  It has no covers on it and sometimes, when
my bottom and back are tender it really hurts to but put in it.  They strap my
arms to the top of the armrests, and my legs/thighs (just above my knees) to the
front of the armrests where they meet the seat, and they tie a gag around over
my mouth and through the cane of the backrest to hold my head upright. The first
time I was put in it I fell asleep and when I woke my neck was really sore. 
It really ached.  I didn't say anything, but Mistress Allison saw that I was
flinching and twisting my neck and she decided that my head should be supported. 
They both tell me that they don't want damaged property, but it is their was of
telling me that they will look after me, and they do, Mistress.

Sometimes, they are harsh with me.  But no more than I deserve.  They wish me to
be perfect, and so they do their best to see that I am suitably abused, so that
I do not forget my position and that I belong to them.  I have a duty Mistress. 
I have to try to remember the last time I have been beaten (not just slaps or
paddling, but actual beatings) and if it has been more than 7 days I have to beg
them to beat me, and when it happens I have to think of something that they have
not used to beat me with and I have to deliver it to them, to Mistress Jo
anyway, and I have to beg her to beat me with it.  It hasn't actually happened
yet, but I don't know what I will take them when and if it does.

Mistress Allison still loves to lick my vagina.  She sits and watches TV
sometimes and she stands me beside the chair and every now and then she has me
pull my vagina lips apart and finger myself, then she licks at me.  Her friend
Ronnie sometimes licks me too, but she more likes me to lick her and suck on her
lips and clitoris.  She is quite plump and had really long clit hood Mistress. 
She loves me to suck on it, really hard.  She doesn't know the extent of my
servitude.  She still believes me to be a lesbian woman who loves to service
young girls and who lives downstairs from Mistress Allison and her Mom.  I don't
know what Mistress Allison will say now that we have moved.


I was telling you about Miss Susan.  She was really sort of showing off to her
friend.  She was being beastly to me on purpose, just to impress her friend. 
She fisted me while her friend watched, and she told her about the size of the
dildo she had used on me, and her friend didn't believe it.  She fisted me to
show that she could, both that I could take a fist, but more (I think) it was
just to show her friend that she could do it if she wanted to.

They both peed into me.  Miss Susan first, she just lay me on the floor, took
off her panties and bent over me and rubbed herself on my face, right from her
anus to her pussy, then she said that I had to be ready because she was going to
piss into my lesbian slut mouth, and she lifted a little off me and peed and her
friend came around and watched. 
Actually, all the time her friend was there she insulted me.  I don't mind, and
most of what she said is right, I was just letting you know
Mistress.  Initially her friend wasn't sure about peeing into me, but Miss Susan
sort of bullied her into it.  She had to though.  I now know it wasn't really
her fault.  My Mistresses had told Miss Susan that they wanted me to have drunk
someone else's pee.  That was her fee for having me. 
She had to have had me drink someone else's pee and for Miss Susan to pass
details of my Mistresses to the girl who used me.  I didn't know that at the
time.  I just heard it later, when we had got back.

Mistress.  You asked me if I had any feelings about being rented out. 
Whenever it happens Mistress Jo and Mistress Hannah always abuse me while I tell
them of what happened and describe the people, so I love to be rented out
Mistress.  I love that they are so happy with me when I am, and so far I don't
think anyone who has used me has complained about me.  I know Miss Beatrice is
happy with me, and Miss Patricia, and even my Goddess (Donna) are happy with me
now.  She even told Mistress Hannah at the weekend. 
She told her that she liked having me at her flat.  She said anytime they wanted
to get rid of me for a while they should call her and she would take me. 

About my Goddess.  She still uses me for her toilet - all sorts of toilet.  She
still poo's into my hands, she once had me kiss it in my hands, but she has
explained to me that that is the most foul and depraved thing for anyone to ever
do, and that she loves me that I do it for her. 
She also uses me in other ways now Mistress.  She allows me to apply moisturizer
to her beautiful body, and she allows me to trim her pubic hair, and when I am
very good she allows me to kiss her pretty pussy. 
Sometimes, she lies on her tummy on the bed and watches TV and I am allowed to
lick her bottom, over the cheeks and between them, and inside of her anus.  Once
I was licking her bottom all the way through a film. 

I have drifted a little this afternoon.  Sorry Mistress.  Forgive me please.

I have enjoyed writing to you again, and being with Doris.  It has been a nice
day.

They will be back soon - some of them are coming back to the office, including
Miss Beatrice.  She told me she would want delighting before she goes home this
evening.

I should go.

Thank you again Mistress, and I beg that you understand that what I have told
you should never to repeated to My Mistresses, please please I beg of you, and
trust in you.

with love
slave
xxx

Wednesday April 30

Mistress

I am in Miss Beatrice's office.  She has gone out but before she went she had
Trisha come and get me.  I am ashamed to admit it but I was crying in the
storeroom.  Miss Beatrice says I should calm down and then get on with some
work, but I wanted to write to you.

All morning I have been tormented by two of the younger Ladies here in the
office.  And it just got to me.  I have gone into the loo before to have a cry,
a few times well quite a few times, but today it just got to me more, I have
just had enough and I was so depressed.  They stopped me as I went to get some
coffees for some of the Ladies about an hour ago and took me into the storeroom
and they undid my shirt and pulled at my nipples so hard and they were just
laughing at me and telling me that my tits were pathetic and why did i think
anyone want to see my tits, and I tried to explain that I didn't really want to
show my tits but she slapped my face and told me to shut my filthy mouth, and
they both swore at me, over and over.  They had lifted my skirt and were
pinching me, mostly on my bottom but really viciously and I did put my hand out
to stop them but they just slapped me hard across the face and i got so scared
and they carried on pinching at my tits and laughing all the time. It went on
for such a long time, one also went and got two cups of coffee from the machine
and they put the cups against my tits, right on my nipples until they were
burning and I begged them to stop. They just kept on and on until, until they
just gave up and left me there and Trisha looked in after about 5 minutes and
she told me she was going to tell Miss Beatrice, then she came back and took me
through, into here, and Miss Beatrice asked me what had happened because I was
still crying, and I told her and she told me, well I'd told her that they hate
me and that I didn't know why they hated me so much but she said that they
didn't really hate me, they were just sadists and this is just the way that i
give them pleasure, but I'm sure she's wrong and they do hate me.
She told me I should be happy that i give them pleasure and that my
Mistresses would be pleased with me.
She told me to remember that Mistress Jo would be severely displeased if she
told Her that I had been upset at being used, and she told me if I shut up and
calmed down quickly she wouldn't tell Her.  Then she said she had to go out and
she let me stay in here until i had come to my senses.

Now that I've written to you I have.  I am calmer now. And I know that it's
wasn't really anything, but I just got so depressed about it.  I was just being
stupid I know that now. 

I should go and get on with some work. I will wash myself first though; I must
look a complete state.

Yours with love
slave xx




Stephanie's New Life - May

Dear Reader,
Here is yet another month of the life of Stephanie.  Sorry for the delay in
getting them all together.  And I would like to thank everyone of you who has
written to express your feelings about what has been happening to everyone
involved. 
These letters are all still very real, as are the people in them.  As I did in
the March letters, I will re introduce you to all the players involved.

Stephanie - Angel - The primary submissive
Josephine - The dominant Mistress and head of household
Hannah - 21-year-old co-worker of Stephanie and lover of Josephine
Beatrice - Angel's dominant boss at work
Allison - Josephine's 17-year-old daughter and budding young lesbian
Donna - Hannah's sister, also referred to as "Goddess" by Angel
Patricia - Close associate of Miss Beatrice in the lingerie business
Ronnie - teenaged friend of Allison
Trisha, Penny, Jane - Co-workers of Stephanie

And without any further ado, here is all the correspondence from May of this
year.


Sasha: yes...
Donna: goody
Sasha: well, at least not cheap
Donna: how are u
Sasha: Hannah or Donna?
Donna: no, I could guess that
Sasha: doing well.
Donna: Donna
Sasha: well, young Goddess
Donna: it got punished last night
Sasha: It wrote and told me
Donna: did it write u?
Donna: k
Donna: they've done the name thing too
Sasha: wrote me 3 letters today
Donna: lucky u
Sasha: I am pleased about that
Donna: what she tell u about then?
Sasha: what else are they planning to do to her besides the name?
Sasha: it told about the punishment and what Beatrice made it do at work.
Donna: Josephine is selling her out for kinky games
Donna: and she works for that Patricia ow
Sasha: Yes, I heard.  Is Josephine making any money renting it?
Donna: 100
Donna: each time
Sasha: so a good income is being realized from it then
Donna: ye, but it don't seem right
Donna: not really
Sasha: why not?  Property is meant to be used for profit
Donna: yeh, but its still a person too
Sasha: what you did to it last night felt right, did it not?
Donna: she told u?
Sasha: and would you do that to another "person"?
Sasha: But of course.  It tells me everything.
Donna: it wants that though
Sasha: as do you.
Donna: being humiliated an all
Sasha: yes it does but having its mouth crapped into wasn't really what it
wanted.  It did it because it was ordered to
Donna: ok
Donna: anyway they sell it
Sasha: and you certainly enjoyed it
Donna: well Josephine does
Sasha: they rent it
Donna: sell rent whatever
Sasha: it really loves you dearly, Donna
Sasha: and there is a difference
Donna: I think I know
Sasha: as dearly as you love it, were you able to admit it.
Donna: oh I do love it
Donna: I told it so
Sasha: jealous of your sister?
Donna: it didn't tell u that then????
Sasha: it told me a while back.
Donna: k
Donna: and no I am not jealous of han
Sasha: she loves you enough to share her Joy
Sasha: are you ready to convert?
Donna: to what?????
Sasha: convert?
Sasha: to women
Donna: yes.  Convert to what
Donna: what become a les?
Donna: lololol
Sasha: sure.
Donna: I think not
Sasha: you act like that is a bad thing
Donna: no, its fine, I'm just not that way
Donna: u know I only play with sub
Donna: no one else
Sasha: try saying that with its head buried deep in your puss
Donna: mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm well maybe not then
Sasha: you ought to try the strap on, dear
Donna: then I'm a raving lesbian
Donna: oh I have
Sasha: who has used it on you?
Donna: no! I used it on sub
Sasha: you need it in you
Donna: I think not
Donna: not even the normal one thanks
Sasha: You off of cocks, dear?
Donna: no
Donna: you are turning everything around Sasha
Sasha: no.  You said not even the normal one
Donna: I was going to tell u about how I felt and now I feel all defensive
Sasha: you may be open with me.
Sasha: you know that.  All of you have been
Donna: why r u attacking me. What has it said?
Donna: about me?
Sasha: I am not attacking you, dear
Donna: it feels like it
Sasha: I am very happy with you and what you have been doing
Donna: if it's the poo, Josephine called me and asked me to do it
Sasha: just feel that you might be a little embarrassed that you enjoy it as
much as you do
Sasha: not at all, dear.  You enjoy it; it enjoys what you do to it immensely
Donna: I love sub
Donna: I do
Sasha: and I know your sister enjoys sharing with you and having you a part of
her new life.
Donna: I love it being here and what it does and how it always wants to please
me
Sasha: you ought to show her and try licking her
Donna: I tell her
Sasha: do you have an urge to taste her?
Donna: I don't mind sharing with Han you know
Sasha: I know that
Donna: I have had that urge
Sasha: going to do something about it?
Donna: I know I will one day
Sasha: look at what happened to Allison since she tried it.  Lol!
Donna: she is stuck in there all the time
Donna: lololol
Donna: she loves it
Sasha: have you let Allison lick you?
Donna: NO
Donna: nobody else, just sub
Sasha: why not. Dear?
Donna: I couldn't
Donna: she's only a kid anyway
Sasha: age-wise, yes, she is.  But she has come very far.
Sasha: a lot further than I ever thought she would
Donna: oh she just loves pussy that's all, nothing to do with age
Sasha: you ought to let her try yours.
Donna: did sub tell u I took it out last week?
Donna: like a date
Sasha: yes she did.  She loved being with you and loved how openly you showed
affection for her publicly
Donna: aw
Donna: she is so sweet
Donna: she was embarrassed
Sasha: yes she was.
Donna: wish she were here now
Sasha: but she loved it and being with you none the less
Donna: robin has just gone
Donna: she did didn't she
Sasha: yes, you are almost turned on enough to eat her pussy
Donna: right now, YES
Donna: lol
Donna: it will pass
Sasha: I am hoping it wont
Donna: rofl
Donna: I bet
Sasha: even though it is just a thing now, you can still show your love and
pleasure by eating it.
Donna: I show it by cuddling it and letting it have me though
Donna: and I told it
Sasha: for yourself you ought to try more different things.
Sasha: You never know what you might enjoy until you try
Donna: i've got lots of time sash
Donna: no need to rush
Donna: this much is still new 4 me
Sasha: I know it is.  And scary too.
Donna: you bet
Sasha: you might turn into one of those "lesbians" type persons
Donna: your bi though right?
Donna: not les?
Sasha: and never want a sweaty pair of balls hitting your chin again
Donna: I don't do that anyway
Sasha: I am bi, dear.  Lol!  Though less and less as I age
Donna: yeuch
Donna: less sex or less guys (lol)
Sasha: let me tell you that managing all you ladies was taking an enormous
amount of time and effort.
Sasha: especially February and march
Donna: sorry*
Sasha: now you have it all down very well.
Sasha: no apologies needed.  I have loved every minute
Donna: me too xxxxxxxx
Sasha: I hope you know, Donna, how unique, rare, and precious what you have is
in this world
Donna: u said Allison has changed, but it's Josephine, which is different
Donna: I don't guess there's another sub, is there?
Donna: not like her
Sasha: not one like it
Sasha: And Josephine has turned into a full time hard core Mistress
Donna: I'm gonna cry in a minute
Donna: yes she has
Sasha: Don't cry, dear.  But I will tell you that what you have is something
that I never thought I could ever do or be a part of.
Donna: yesterday when I got their sub was crying so much and her pussy was so
inflamed
Sasha: Your group is my life's crowning achievement
Donna: we are al happy u know, sub 2, I'm sure
Sasha: Well, Josephine has a large Job managing everything going on.  It is a
large, diverse, household.
Donna: right
Sasha: and it has so much potential that it takes a full time hard edged lady to
manage and control it
Donna: they can't do any more to it
Sasha: oh yes they can
Donna: it'd be cruel
Donna: u wouldn't hit a dog that hard
Sasha: well, you have to be cruel to be kind, dear
Donna: like Josephine did
Sasha: it enjoys it
Donna: oh sure
Donna: la di da
Sasha: and knows those feeling show love to it
Donna: u didn't see it crying steph
Donna: crying
Sasha: I know it cried.  But Josephine wouldn't have done it if she didn't love
it dearly
Donna: I meant sash
Donna: sometimes I wonder
Donna: u there?
Sasha: of course
Sasha: you may wonder to me, Donna
Donna: I meant I wonder if Josephine does love it anymore
Donna: or just what it is
Donna: something to be cruel to
Sasha: it's o.k. When it enjoys and understands the cruelty
Donna: don't get me wrong, I like Josephine, we get on well
Donna: u saying that sub enjoys that?????????????????????????
Sasha: Josephine is giving it want it wants.  And Josephine has found out she
excels at it and enjoys it also
Sasha: yes she does.
Donna: ok if u say so
Sasha: Pain can be pleasurable.  If you don't believe it, pinch your nipples
right now hard for me
Donna: this was different
Sasha: and the anticipation of punishment is also a Joy
Donna: I've spanked and stuff but whatever she hit it with yesterday was not
just a spank
Donna: just wasn't
Donna: anyway lets leave it
Sasha: she was caned yesterday
Donna: it was a cane?
Sasha: and her punishment was severe
Sasha: but it was just because it hadn't written me in a week.
Donna: I know, I told Josephine remember
Donna: it was my fault
Sasha: I'll bet she will not forget to write me now on, will she?
Donna: she won't if she doesn't want to die
Sasha: then it worked.  There endith the lesson, dear.
Sasha: call it a corrective influence
Sasha: And I must cut this short, dear.  I have a dinner meeting.
Donna: ok
Sasha: My advice to you, dearest Donna,
Donna: thanks sash
Sasha: is to let go your phobias.  Get naked and throw yourself in the pile of
naked bodies, let go and enjoy yourself fully
Donna: maybe I will try
Sasha: if you don't like what happens, fine.  But at least you will then know
Donna: have a nice dinner sash
Sasha: but there is a really good chance you will love it.
Sasha: And if you might like it, don't waste time wondering about it.  Just do
it
Sasha: I will respect you just the same of you don't.
Donna: I will kiss its little pussy when its not hurt
Sasha: But I will promise you that the love shown from one woman to another is
totally different from that shown by a man
Sasha: we are always more tender, and easy to talk to
Sasha: all those things you might need and enjoy
Sasha: but, above all, don't be embarrassed or condescending if you love it
Sasha: there is no shame in anything if you are happy, sweetheart.  Look at how
happy Han is
Donna: I know
Sasha: that might, or might not,  be the answer for you.  At least let yourself
find out for yourself
Donna: know
Sasha: let that be the advice from an older woman to a younger, much-cherished
woman
Sasha: and know that if I were there, you and I would be making love to each
other right now all night long
Donna: thanks
Sasha: quite welcome, dear
Donna: I am feeling a bit guilty
Sasha: why?
Donna: but u gotta go. I will write u
Donna: ok?
Donna: ok if I write u?
Sasha: please do.  I am here for all of you.  I will give you as honest advice
as I can.
Sasha: I promise you that
Donna: thanks sash
Sasha: I only want your happiness
Donna: now go do dinner and have a great time
Donna: have a drink with me
Sasha: I will.  You sleep well
Donna: maybe
Donna: kisses sash
Sasha: and hugs
Donna: yep and hugs
Donna: nite
Yahoo! Messenger: Donna has signed out

May 7, 2003


Mistress Sasha

I am alone in Goddess's flat today my Mistress.  I have had the day off and
Goddess has had me paint her lounge yesterday evening and today. 
She was pleased with the way I repainted my Mistress's new flat that she has
rented me to do hers.  I have just finished and took out off of the dustsheets. 
She told me not to wash when I had finished so I am sitting here with 'Tainted
Aqua' colored paint splashes on my legs, shoulders, and tits and all over my
arms. When I repainted in the flat my
Mistresses left me covered in the paint for the whole weekend then they scrubbed
me, with a hand scrubbing brush and with a broom, in the small yard at the back
of the flat.  They use that yard sometimes to dump this body in after
punishment, when this has disappointed Mistress Josephine.  But I try to be good
for them always.

I am better now, from my operation, and earlier today Goddess told me that I
look good (which made me feel really wonderful).  I am filling out again and my
bones are not showing as they were a month ago.  My bottom is rounder again -
all he better for spanking according to Mistress Hannah.  I do feel so much
better too, and I am eating all of my food. 

Goddess did tell me that I might write to You while I was here, in fact
She insisted on it, and She told me to explain to You why She is my
Goddess.   I adore Her, I do Mistress. She is so very beautiful and so
gloriously sexy. She is kind to me and Her body is divine and I am so happy to
beg her to allow me to touch her, just anywhere, her knees, her arms, to kiss
her feet is so wonderful.  Occasionally she allows me to kiss her bottom and her
breasts, but I am never allowed to touch them. 
Not with my hands.  But I am allowed, when I have been good, to kiss her
beautiful nipples and rest them in my mouth.  Last night, she allowed me to
watch her while she bathed, and made me touch my cunt while she lay there and
watched me, but I wasn't allowed to cum. She told me that She would tell
Mistress Josephine that I had been disobedient if I came, so I was on edge all
the time she was bathing, watching her beautiful breasts break the water as she
breathed, watching her legs, her wonderful thighs, as she lathered them, and all
the time I had to keep my hand on my cunt and rub myself.  It was excruciating
but so delicious. Just to be there and be allowed to see the glory of Her body,
and that She allowed me to see Her.  When She was done she allowed me to pad her
dry with one hand wrapped in a towel while I had to continue fingering myself,
and I could feel the softness and suppleness of her breasts in my hands, as I
dried her softly. Then, she allowed me to be her toilet.  I asked her, actually
I will tell you exactly how I asked her.  When I wish to speak I now have to
hold my one hand in the air.  She ignored me for a while, while she did her
hair, then she just said "What?" and I said "Please Goddess, may I ask if you
wish to pee?" and she asked me if I wanted Her to pee into me, and I just said
Yes, but she told me to beg her, so I did.  I got to my knees and begged her to
allow me to be her toilet, for her to pee into my mouth until she was empty, to
allow me to drink her wonderful urine.  And Mistress, I meant it, every word.  I
now have come to want My Mistresses to use me as their toilet.  It is something
special, something for me that they give to me, and that makes it special.  I
know, when we first were in contact, you and I Mistress, I was not sure about
drinking pee, but now I know that it is special, to be allowed to drink the pee
of those you love, and I do love them all. It wouldn't be the same if I didn't
love them, and that is perhaps why I was not keen before.  It wouldn't be the
same for just anyone's pee.

I'm just thinking of things I can tell you about.  Last week, on Friday night,
Miss Patricia took me out and destroyed me and elated me alternately for the
evening.  Miss Beatrice told me on Friday that Mistress Josephine had allowed me
to go with Patricia. 

Actually it started (I think now with hindsight) it all started two weeks ago
when Miss Patricia took me to a beauty salon near her offices and she had me on
a sun bed for 12 minutes, and she has sent me back there about 5 times since. 
She didn't tell me why then, but I guess it was for Friday.  On Friday she told
me to go again at lunchtime and they did the sun bed but they also exfoliated
me, and painted my finger and toe nails, did my hair, and makeup.  Miss Patricia
came to Miss Beatrice's offices at about 4:00 and was pleased with me when she
saw me and said that I was quite presentable.  She took me to a hotel reception
for her home sales agents to introduce her new range.  Miss Beatrice came along
later, right at the end of the evening but initially Miss Patricia took me in
her car. 
She had given me a thong and bra to put on in Miss Beatrice's office, and a
short sleeveless leather dress to wear over them, and some high-healed shoes. 
The underwear was very brief; the panties were a triangle maybe
2" high and slightly less wide with tie strings between the cheeks of my bottom
and around my waist, and the bra was an under wire 1/3 cup with expended caps
about 1/2 inch round sticking up and over my nipples, with hearts on.  I'd tried
the bra before, at Miss Patricia's offices and there were rings under the hearts
for your nipples to fit into to make the hearts more 3d, and the rings fit
around your nipples, but I expected that the lingerie would be like that,
revealing, what I didn't expect were the shoes.  They were black patent, with
toe cover, then open to the heel (there were no sides) and then a strap over the
top of my foot/ankle, and the heal must have been 3 inch or 4 inch stiletto,
maybe more. 
I have never worn stiletto heals before, not that thin a heel anyway. 
It was so awkward.
Anyway Mistress, we went in her car to the Phoenix Hotel, and on the way she
told me that when I talked to the models I had to be completely honest in
answering any questions they had.  I was to tell them that
I was a lesbian slut slave and -without naming anyone - to tell them about my
Mistresses.  She told me that if I hesitated at all in doing what she wanted
then Mistress Josephine would know about it.  She wanted everyone to know that I
was just completely obedient and open and even slutty about my body, and that
anyone could see whatever they wanted and touch if they wanted.  I was to
remember that I was just a body to hang her lingerie on, nothing more.
When we got from the car she told me to follow her.  She talked with all sorts
of people on the way in, and she was so organized and professional.  Her
assistant (Julie) was there, she said hi to me (I have met her lots of times now
- once she took me to the salon for the sun tanning), then she and Miss Patricia
walked ahead to the room, a small ballroom, dressed in their Company logo, and
signs to welcome their "Treasured Agents".  There were mannequins on the stage
in their outfits and posters all around.   I just followed them around until we
came to a woman from the hotel, who wanted to know about the catering and
service need, and then Miss Patricia turned to me and said I have four girls to
circulate with drinks and tidbits, and she pointed at me and said this is one,
the others arrive 15 minutes before we start.  The woman appeared happy, and
then Miss Patricia told her I and the other models were going to be
demonstrating some of the range and she told me to take off my dress.  And I was
embarrassed.  I know that must sound stupid, but its different being naked in my
Mistress's flat, or naked here now writing to you and waiting for Goddess,
because they expect it, but this was in front of well there must have been three
or four strangers, and I must have hesitated, because Miss Patricia just said
"Josephine" and looked at me, and I undid the dress and took it off and held it
over my arm, and Miss Patricia leant towards me and adjusted the thong to pull
the sides higher, and she handed my dress to the woman from the hotel (her name
was Natalie) and she told her to put it away somewhere. She made me take my
dress off in front of those people and it wasn't the same as being naked for my
Mistresses. 
I don't mind that at all.  I love being naked for them, its how I should be, I
know that, but this was different. Miss Patricia was just using me and she just
made me undress even just that much, down to those undies, in front of those
women like that.  Straight women. She made me undress and I felt horrid. Later
she had me completely naked, but that was at the end of the evening.

So anyway, she and Natalie went away with my dress and Miss Patricia told me
that there was a chest of outfits in the room in the corner, and I was to take
out the bag marked "Angel" and take it onto the stage (There was a small stage
at one end).  I did as she asked and then I couldn't find her again, and Julie
was gone too.  Natalie was busy talking to some guys who were supposed to be
setting up the buffet.  I didn't know what to do, and I felt so alone, standing
there in a thong and that horrid bra.  I did say hi to some of the girls who
were busy setting out balloons and decorations but none of them said anything to
me, they looked a bit snooty at me.  So I went to the stage and stood half
behind a vertical banner, by the bag, watching around it for Miss Patricia to
come back and maybe call for me.  I was there for a long time, maybe 15 minutes,
and sometimes randy guys would call to me from the edge of the stage, and I felt
awful, that she had left me there like that. The only one who was nice to me was
an older woman, well not that old, but anyway, she came up on the stage and
stood with me for a while and she chatted to me about how long I had been
modeling, and I told her I wasn't really a model, that I was just here because
Patricia had asked me to be here for her, and she asked me about how I felt,
being dressed like that and I half laughed and told her that I was as
embarrassed as hell, and she laughed with me, and she told me 'You look better
than I would in those clothes', and I told her that she looked lovely, and she
thanked me and held my arm and told me I was very sweet. She was the one light
note in that time, with her looking at me, at this body and I confess that made
me feel good about myself.  She was just looking and smiling.  But it was just
the two of us for that little time.  Just her looking at that and me was ok,
better than ok, it was exciting.  Just after that she went away.  I later
learned that she was with the promotions Company Miss Patricia was using. She
found me again later and talked to me again.
When Miss Patricia did come back in she was busy on the floor of the ballroom,
and marshalling people to do this, and move that.  She was very definitely in
charge of everything and everyone.  She didn't appear to look for me and I
didn't imagine she would have time for me, so I stayed in my hiding place until
I saw her looking around as if for something, so I stepped out and she saw me
and signaled me to come down.  When I got to her he gave me a piece of fabric
she had just torn off a light stand and told me to follow her, and she sent
Julie off.  She pushed things slightly to one way, and pulled down some posters
and told people to put them up somewhere else, and was generally getting a bit
cross with everyone.  I just followed her, and every now and then she handed
things to me to carry, then she left the hall and we went down a small corridor
to an office.  Julie and Natalie were there and another woman, and Miss Patricia
asked them about things and they all acted like they were her slaves.  I was
really impressed with her, so impressed that I'd almost forgotten that I was
following her dressed as I was, and everyone was so scared of her I don't think
they really noticed how I was dressed. 

She ignored me pretty well, but I followed her about as she went between the
room and the office, and she dumped the things I was carrying and told me not to
leave her side for the whole evening except to serve the models or unless she
told me otherwise, and even then I had to return to her as soon as I was free
to.
I met the models, and I felt ashamed really to be dressed as I was.
Remember I had the bra, thong and shoes on, and they were dressed so elegantly. 
They were all so beautiful, and tall, all about 5'10, and so elegant.  Miss
Patricia showed them where they were to dress and what time to come out, and
that if they needed anything they were to talk to me and I would get it for
them.  She actually told them that they were to consider me their personal slave
for the evening and that I would get anything they needed. 
Their outfits had been hung on a rack.  Each of them had just two outfits.

Miss Patricia asked them if they needed anything, and one wanted a coffee and
the others water and Miss Patricia just looked at me and told me not to
hesitate, so I went out and went to one of the waitresses at the drinks table
and got their drinks and took them back to the models.  I asked them if there
was anything else, and they said not and that Miss
Patricia had told them to tell me that she was in the office, so I went to find
her. 
There was another strange woman in the office this time, and again, when I saw
her look me up and down, and sort of lift her nose like I was some sort of dirt,
I felt awful again.  I had almost forgotten about how I was dressed.  Well, no,
that's not true.  I was still excited by it, I was, but my embarrassment and
shame was almost gone or at least under control, and then, that woman's look
brought it all back, and I felt sorry for myself again, and dirty, and I wished
I was dressed normally, and I wanted to go and hide somewhere.

Miss Patricia didn't see that at all, and she just carried on, then she
Announced that it was time to get on with the show, and she led us all back into
the ballroom.  She told me to get a tray of champagne, and to always have a tray
at her side while she introduced her agents, and she called one of the
waitresses over and told her to bring full trays to me when mine was almost
empty while the guests were being welcomed. 
Julie had led the Models out and they were at the end of the line, in a row
facing the doors and looking to wonderful, and I felt so inadequate, then the
doors opened and women flooded in, some were with men, but most were in little
groups or alone, and each shook Miss Patricia's hand and she greeted them and
offered champagne from my tray.  It went on for ages, with people being
introduced, and some Miss Patricia obviously knew, and to one woman whom she
exchanged hugs with she offered champagne and me later, she said "take some
champagne for now darling and I'm sure you can have this one later".

When the reception was over, Miss Patricia went on stage, and I stopped at the
foot of the steps, then the models came over the steps and they went past me and
onto the stage two one side of Miss Patricia and one the other, and Miss
Patricia looked at me crossly and pointed to her side and I went onto the stage
next to her. She welcomed everyone, and told them to enjoy the evening, that
there was an open buffet and bar, and she talked about the new range, and how
some of it was on show here, courtesy of her and presentation packs of the new
range, and that there would be a film of the entire range presented in an hour,
then some music and the evening was theirs to enjoy.  Anyway, it all went well,
and she was looking absolutely radiant.  I felt proud to be standing next to
her, even dressed like I was.

The rest of the evening was me following Miss Patricia, and her occasionally
introducing me to the agents, and sometimes she would offer my services at their
'soirees' to demonstrate the new range, and when she did she emphasized that I
was very submissive and willing to please.  To one group of three she told them
I was unquestionably obedient and she had me sit on the floor just to show them
that I was obedient.  It made me feel so very small when she did that, and the
women just looked at me, sitting on the floor between them, and a couple laughed
at me.  During the course of the evening, she asked three separate groups for
them to choose something else from the range for me to change into, and when
they had chosen Miss Patricia told me to go and change.  I found the things in
the bag.  I hid behind a stand on the stage to change.  I had a baby doll
nightie and thong for a while.  At one point Miss Patricia was telling some of
the women around us how light the fabric was, and she just turned to me and told
me to take the nightie off, right there in the hall, for them to feel how light
it was, and she kept it after they had handled it, and she left me in just the
thong while they talked and some of them looked at me, then Miss Patricia asked
a really pretty woman in the group to choose, and she chose a leather basque and
'g' string from
Miss Patricia's catalogue and I wore that for quite a lot of the evening, and
when the music had started and there were people leaving a lady had me try on a
side less bathing costume - which was just like two lengths of fabric about an
inch wide, they were joined for about an inch over my cunt, and then one loop
went over my left nipple and shoulder and the other over my right and each down
to sit initially between the cheeks of my bottom, but later in the evening, Miss
Patricia showed a couple of women how it could be worn going under the crotch
and each side of my bottom.  She told them, the women looking at me, that I was
a lesbian submissive and that I could be borrowed from my owners (she actually
used that word, owners) for any home shows.  Later, when I had had to adjust the
straps to cover my nipples for the 5th or 6th time, (they kept slipping off my
breasts) Miss Patricia slapped my hand as I went to move them over my nipples
and told me to stop fiddling with it, and told me to leave the straps alone,
that everyone had seen my charms so I had no secrets from them all, and so I
spent the rest of the evening until it folded up, with the straps around my
breasts, and just my cunt covered, except as we went to a new group Miss
Patricia adjusted the straps on and off my nipples, to show them how it might be
worn, and also how the straps could go between the bottom cheeks or around the
bottom.  They, the women when Miss Patricia had shown how the straps could go
around my bottom, were the third group of women to notice my tattoo too, before
them I had seen some pair of women trying to make out what it said, I don't know
if they had, but this time, Miss Patricia bought attention to it and told them
that she understood they were the names of my Mistresses, then she made me turn
around to show them the back of the outfit, and she told them that I was a
lesbian, and I was just so very pleased that I was facing away from them at that
moment or I think I might have died. She talked so matter of factly about me
having Mistresses while they all looked at my bottom.  She was just being cruel,
both then and later, and she was just wanting to see me humiliated, I'm sure. 
She wasn't getting any extra sales from it, I could understand that, if Id been
there helping her to get sales, but this was just aimed at humiliating me in
front of her agents.  And I felt horrid.

Anyway, that's how the evening went, until people started to leave.  I just
stayed at her side as she went from group to group charming them all.  We went
out into the office while the film played, and she talked to Julie, they were
sitting and I was standing at Miss Patricia's side, and she ran her hands over
my back and bottom as they chatted.  Then we went back in and circulated for the
last part.

At the end of the evening, when they were only about 6 of us left, including
Miss Patricia and Julie, and four of her agents (the ones she seemed closest
to), she sat on the edge of the stage and told me to get the bag, and she
giggled and whispered, well almost whispered to them (as I went to the back of
the stage to get the bag).  When I got back she told me to take the outfit off,
and put it back into the bag, so I did, I took the costume off and I waited,
standing naked in the hall in front of them, thinking, hoping and believing that
she would tell me what else I might wear in its place, but she didn't.  She just
told me to go to the model's changing room and get their outfits, so after a
seconds hesitation I did it, and went naked, I went to the opposite corner of
the hall and got their outfits (they had already gone) and returned with them,
and put them into the bag too.  When I got back, Miss Patricia told me to get
them all a drink, and I tried to look pleadingly at her to stop this, but I
didn't feel that I could say anything, so I went to the barmaid, she was so
young and asked for 5 champagnes, and she said she would bring them over,
looking me up and down, but she wasn't disgusted, at least I don't think she
was, I hope she wasn't.  She just looked at me, up and down, over this body as
she well might.  I don't guess she has many nude customers to this sort of do,
(I'm trying to make light of it but at the time I was so unhappy about it) and
it was just because Miss Patricia was being cruel to me.  I felt just so, so, I
don't know, but most of the girls clearing the buffet were really young and Miss
Patricia had me walk past them naked, and I'm sure they didn't appreciate it, it
was just to please her and humiliate me. 

When I got back, Miss Patricia said I should go and find Natalie and my dress,
so I went to the corridor, checked it was empty, and them went to the office
Miss Patricia had used, and no-one was there, and I didn't have a clue what to
do. I looked all around the office, but it wasn't there.
I wanted to go back to Miss Patricia because at least there I belonged to her,
in a way, standing in that office I felt alone and dirty, but I didn't want to
go back without the dress, it was hers after all. Then, I thought to use the
phone, and I called and was eventually put through to
Natalie, and she said she would bring it to me.  She arrived in just a minute,
and didn't bat an eyelid that I was naked.  She did look at me as she handed me
the dress, and I thanked her, and she held my dress for me while I put it on,
and watched me button it up, then she said Good Night, and I thanked her and she
was gone, and I went back to Miss Patricia.

When I got back to her and her friends she looked at me then at her friends, and
she asked them if they remembered her telling me to actually put the dress on. 
She didn't look at me, just at them, and eventually one of them said "I think
you said that she should just go and get it" and Miss Patricia said "Exactly"
and looked at me so sternly, and I undid the buttons and took the dress off and
just held it in front of me.

I have to go, Goddess has just come back in and She told me to tell You that She
wishes You well Mistress, and to say bye bye for now because she needs to pee
and wants to play.

My Goddess has just allowed me to drink her wonderful urine while She sat and
read all that I wrote to you Mistress.  She wished to meet Miss Patricia, as She
likes her sense of fun. 

Bye Mistress, I will write again when I can - Goddess has just told me that she
will make sure that I do write to You Mistress.  She has just read what I have
written and ask you if you are pleased with this slut? 
She says that she will check Mistress Hannah's email in case You write to them. 
She says that She will write to You soon.

slave  xxxxx

Ladies!
Finally had time to write you as a group.
Just received a nice long letter from it. It would appear that you keep her days
so filled that she
rarely has time to herself. That is good because of that idle hands thing.
I just had to write to offer all of you my heartiest congratulations about how
well you all have been doing with the training, humiliation, and brainwashing of
it. She is truly changed for life now, as are you all.
Now, if ever anyone asks what I have accomplished in life, I can proudly show
them several megabytes of letters showing where everyone was and how far
everyone has come in only six months. I told it that it was my crowning
achievement but, truth be told, that goes for you all.
My only fervent wish now is maybe to see Josephine and Hannah walk down the
aisle together................. Of course the ring exchange would have to be
through the nipples of it, don't you think?
Another thing that would be nice to do would be to have Stephanie Xxxxxxxxxxxx
just totally disappear off of everything. Total name change and new identity. 
Since the formation of the EU, it actually can be done because passports are no
longer necessary. Legally I would imagine that it might involve having her
declared legally incompetent and to have permanent control and custody legally
handed over to both of you. You might want to investigate having this done.
All I have ever wanted was your happiness. It is a dream come true for us all, I
think.
Mistress Sasha


Mistress Sasha

Hello there. Incidentally - this is Mistress Josephine. I am at Donna's flat
looking at how well the slave decorated her flat. Well it looks as though the
thing has earned some brownie points for this, but they are all lost, as it
never told me that it was still writing to you. Donna has just told me it wrote
to you from here

Its not that I mind it writing. And especially not to you. You should know what
is going on with it.  And the more woman who know about its slutty disposition
the better as far as I am concerned. What worries me is that it still does not
understand the simple principle that EVERYTHING of its existence is mine to
know. And now the little slut has upset me with it's failing to tell me.

I will punish it, and tell it to write the details, every one; to you that
perhaps the little slut will learn. It has to learn. I will punish it with Kate
- do you know about Kate???? I don't even know what you already know??? THE
FUCKING SLUT. I will whip its cunt then put it out in the yard tonight, with the
rats. It's a pet threat I have held back on for a while but now is the time to
use it. It will be a blubbering wreck by the morning. Then maybe it will learn.

I don't know what to say to you, what you do and don't know?

And it's all that little sluts fault.

It doesn't know about this. So it can't have told you, and it shows that great
minds think alike - you and I. We are going to change its name, legally, by deed
poll. So far I have a favorite (Allison thought of it) - first name "Lesbi" and
surname "Toy". I've checked and we can use it. You can't use words like slut and
cunt (which is a shame lol), but having her passport and every official document
say this is Lesbie Toy would be wonderful eh? And stephie Xxxxxx would just
disappear. Poof and she is gone.  Gone. Welcome Lesbie.  It would be nice to
also have it declared as legally incapable too. I might look into that.

Other things it doesn't know about/?? The hooks. A friend of "Goddess" here
(lol) is going to come around this week to put in three hooks in the each of the
ceilings in the kitchen, lounge, and the main bedroom. Incidentally, this
Goddess here is in love with the slut. Did you know that?????  Its true, but in
answer to your query, she still has boyfriends too.

Oh a good one it doesn't know about, and one that I am even more keen than ever
to go ahead with now - Allison has a wish that we get its clitoral hood removed
surgically. It has a large and fatty hood over its clitoris and my darling
Allison finds it just gets in the way (she still loves drinking slave's cum
juices - you knew about that didn't you?) and she said that some African tribes
regularly circumcise their women. Do you have any knowledge of it? Will it
affect its ability to get aroused at all? Enhance it hopefully. I should have
thought of you before. You might know.

I am going to tell the slut to save sent mails from now on. I wont demand that I
see what you tell it in your mails, I trust in you enough not to wish to pry in
your correspondence. Oh, and I trust equally that you will not revel our plans
for it.

With affection and respect

Mistress Josephine

Donna, 

Greetings and Salutations!
Just a quick note to tell you how much it enjoys serving you and your body,
dear. You have come almost as far as she has.
I have been dying to ask if the tender ministrations of the slave have caused
you to rethink relationships.  Wondering if you still have a boyfriend or if
maybe you have switched over.
Your treatment of it has been excellent!
Mistress Sasha


Ok, this is Donna, and I do love it being here for me. I confess. Josephine
pushed and pushed me and I love it sucking my nips and making me cum with its
wonderful tongue and it just being there and being so good and doing whatever I
say to do and she worships me when she here.  There, I told you both.  I love it
so much, maybe more than my man, and Josephine is here with me and I asked her
why she avoided the question of her and Hannah marrying and she says she doesn't
want to marry anyone again. She just wants to have the slave there for her, and
she said always. Ahhhh
Josephine asked me what punishment I though she should have and I told her to
have it swallow my shit out of my ass and she told me she'd tell it to the next
time I see it. Josephine doesn't think its nice but says it will be degrading
for it and so she thinks its a great idea.

Kisses to u

Donna and Josephine


Thursday, May 8

Mistress Sasha
First I have to beg Your forgiveness Mistress for not having told You that this
slut failed to inform her other Mistresses that it had written to You.  Mistress
Josephine very kindly punished this body for You last night and She told me that
as this slut enjoys writing so much that I must detail my punishment to You, She
emphasized complete detail and all of the emotions that I felt, and I must tell
You how much pain and fear I felt.
Mistress, when Mistress Allison and I returned last night it was about
10:30. Mistress Josephine called me into the lounge and before her as soon as
Mistress Allison had taken my dress off me, and I went to Her and I kneeled
before her and she asked me if there was anything I had to tell her, and I
started to tell her about Ronnie and how she had fondled me while we were out,
but Mistress slapped me across the face and told me not that, and I couldn't
think of anything else, then she told me to tell her what
I had done after painting at Goddess's flat, and I told her I had written to
you, and she slapped my face again and told me I was an ungrateful slut and she
told me that I have to learn that everything about my miserable existence is Her
business and She has to know about everything which might affect this slut, and
she was shouting at me and I felt so horrid and I started to cry and I raised my
hand, I wanted to tell Her that I didn't' mean to be ungrateful, but she slapped
my hand down and told Mistress Allison to get the cuffs and Mistress Josephine
just stared at me and kept telling me that I was ungrateful, and a slut, and
dishonest. 
But Mistress Sasha please believes me - I never, never, ever meant to be any of
those things.  I just didn't think to tell them, it isn't that I held it back,
but Mistress did not want to hear my pathetic excuses.  Please know that this
slut was not being disloyal, never at all, it was just forgetful or something,
but never disloyal nor disobedient.  I swear.   Please Mistress Sasha, should
you ever have a wish to talk with
Mistress Josephine at all about this slut, please may I beg you to assure Her
that it was never meaning to be bad.
Mistress Allison fastened the cuffs behind my back, and tied the loop fro them
high on my back to the collar, then Mistress Josephine took the cord off Her and
pulled hard through the loop on my collar until my shoulders and elbows really
hurt and felt as though my arms might pull out of their sockets. She must have
tied off the loop.  She pulled me by my hair on my hands and knees and asked
Mistress Hannah to get the paddle, and when she had it she asked Mistress
Josephine if She could do it, and she must have nodded and I felt the sting on
the paddle on my bottom, over and over, and Mistress Josephine kneeled in front
of me and held my face in her hand and asked me when I would learn, and she
asked me if I was completely stupid and other things like that, but with the
pain of the paddling I have forgotten some of the exact words Mistress, forgive
me, but I knew what she meant, and I will stop being stupid, and I will never be
disloyal or hide anything from my Mistresses.
I was crying so, and so ashamed at myself that I was crying aloud, and
Mistress Josephine warned me to keep quiet.  I tried, but I must have whimpered
like a pathetic thing I am, and she asked the others if either of them needed to
go to the toilet.  Mistress Allison said she did, and Mistress
Josephine told her to take me, piss into me, but to save some to soak her
panties with and put them into my mouth as a gag.  Mistress Allison said she
needed to poo, and Mistress Josephine said better, and she undid my cuffs and
told me to catch her poo in Mistress's panties, squeeze, then drop the solids in
the toilet and dip the panties in the toilet water and put them into my mouth.
Mistress Allison took me, and Mistress Hannah came with us.  Mistress Allison
gave me her panties as she took them off, and I drank her pee, and thanked her,
then she turned, and she pooped into her panties in my hands, and Mistress
Hannah told me to squeeze, then most of the solids fell off into the toilet and
before she told me I had dipped the panties in the toilet water and put them
into my mouth, Mistress Allison turned around again and pulled me to her and she
peed some more over my face and on the panties in my mouth.  I felt some pee
running down this body too, and Mistress Allison told me to wash my hands, then
to clean her bottom with my fingers, and then wash again, and then to clean her
with a wipe.  Then Mistress Allison took me back into the lounge and delivered
me to Mistress Josephine.
She called me a disgusting slut, and pushed me to my knees, and she told me I
was not human, and didn't I know that humans didn't eat shit or drink piss.  She
asked me if I wanted to ask not to be punished, and I shook my head.   I know I
do not have the right to ask for that of my
Mistresses.  She asked me if I wanted to be punished, and I nodded yes, and she
slapped my face and told me I was a good girl and that she might let me keep
some skin on my thighs. 
Mistress Josephine told me how disappointed she was in me, and she kept telling
me softly that I had let them all down, being secretive, and I was crying so
much, and my heart wanted to shout to her that I was sorry, I was so very sorry. 
I am still sorry to her and Mistress Hannah and Mistress Allison and to you.  I
am sorry.  Mistress, I have just written that and thought back and I am sitting
at Miss Beatrice's desk typing this and I am crying.  I am still sorry; I never
intended to hurt them or you.  Please know that.
Mistress Josephine sat down, and just looked at me, and she slipped her slipper
off her feet, and I fell forward and kissed her feet as best I could with my
mouth full.  She lifted me by my hair and asked me calmly if I should be
punished to be cleansed of my disloyalty, and I nodded as best I could with her
holding my hair and she told me they would punish me then I would sleep outside
with the rats for the night to have time to consider my disloyalty.  She picked
up the cuffs and tied my hands high on my back, like before, but she put her
foot on my back as she pulled the cord to make sure it was tight and they really
hurt being held so high, but I knew it was for my own good Mistress.
She pushed me towards Mistress Allison, and She pulled me down to the floor and
I kissed her feet and she told me to get the strap, and I went into the room and
got the strap for her in my teeth and got to my knees before her, and she lifted
me and pushed me to the table and pushed me back over the table, and she whipped
the strap across my breasts.  Mistress Josephine stopped her and I mouthed thank
you as best I could but I don't think they could tell what I said, but I hope
they could tell.  Mistress Josephine told Mistress Hannah to get the strap on. 
She returned with it and Mistress Josephine told her to put it on and when she
was ready Mistress Josephine told Mistress Hannah to fuck it into this slut when
she said, and then she told Mistress Allison to continue, and when she had hit
me a couple more times Mistress Hannah pushed the dildo hard against this slut's
hole and she tried again and again until it went all the way into this slut and
I tried to scream and they were still slapping my breasts with the strap, first
from one side then the other, and my beasts and nipples really stung, and the
shocks, even though I could see her as she swung it over me I still felt such a
shock as it hit because I was also so aware that the dildo felt like it was
splitting me apart.  My nipples were so hard from it and they felt as though
they might snap.  I don't know how many she did to me, it must have been twenty
I think, but I really don't know, and she stopped and left me there, Mistress
Hannah stopped and took the thing out of me.  Mistress Josephine pulled me
sideways off the table and I knelt before her.  Normally after a beating I thank
them but I couldn't with her panties in my mouth. I just looked up to her and
she smiled at me.  Mistress Hannah went out and came back with the nipple clips
and the weights.  She stood me, clipped the clamps onto my nipples then bent me
forward, and hooked the weights to the clips, and after the slapping they had
rightly received from Mistress Allison they were so tender, but she added
weights, and added, until there were no more left, and she and they all talked
of how deformed my breasts look like that, they got drinks and sat and just
watched me.  I was crying Mistress, and I know my nose ran as I cried into the
panties.  I know that is a stupid thing, about my nose, but I wanted you to know
that I am being as complete as I can be Mistress. It felt, as though my nipples
were going to be torn off, it was agony.  Mistresses have done this once before. 
My nipples are so sensitive for so long afterwards, this morning they hurt just
from my shirt being on them, and I cannot bear them to be touched.
I was left bent over with the weights on my nipples for such a long time, my
nipples hurt, my back hurt, and Mistress Josephine kept repeating to me that
perhaps now I will learn, perhaps now I will be more honest.
Eventually, and I was sobbing and so desperately in pain, Mistress Josephine
told me I could have my nipples released if I wished my cunt to be whipped, and
I nodded and nodded, and Mistress Hannah removed the clips and I fell to my
knees and doubled up with the sharpness of the pain on my nipples, like they had
been cut off.  I was so pathetic Mistress, I know I was and I so wanted it all
to end and for one of them to take me to pleasure them, but, oh, just anything. 
My arms were so tight high on my back and I couldn't hold my nipples, though I
know now that I can never touch them after that, but I wanted to put my hands
over them to protect them.
I was sobbing hopelessly Mistress like some pathetic thing.  I know now that it
was for my own good though and I thank my Mistresses for showing me how I had
upset them, and I hope so completely that they know how I suffered, quite
rightly and justly.
Mistress Josephine lifted me up to my knees and showed the others my breasts and
how my nipples were elongated and flattened, and she flicked them with her
finger and I winced from the agony of the contact and pulled back from her, and
she looked at me so sternly, she left her hand where it was, and I moved forward
so that my nipple was at her fingertips again, and she did it again and I winced
with the pain of it but I didn't move away and she pulled and twisted my nipples
in her lovely fingers while I cried. She stopped, and told me it was late, so we
should get on, and she told me to go and get Kate.  Kate is the name she has
given to a short leather covered whip. It's about 18 inches long and quite a
thick handle but tapering to a very fine frayed end the whip end is quite
flexible. 
Mistress Josephine named it Kate after my erstwhile best friend, because she did
not answer my e-mail and she is a cock-sucking bitch and when I think of my
punishments and pain I should think of that bitch.
I went and got Kate, turned away from Mistress Josephine and handed it to her,
and she told me to lie down on my back.  I did, and she stood astride me, and
asked me if I deserved to be really hurt? And I nodded, she told me to open my
legs and lift my bottom off the floor, and she kindly whipped the Kate down just
to one side of my labia so hard it was like I had been burned with a hot poker,
just agonizing pain, but I know
Mistress Josephine does not allow me to be weak so I kept pushing my feet hard
into the floor to prevent me from closing my legs, and she whipped again, three
times, she counted, twice on each side of my labia, then she said are you ready
slut? And when I nodded she whipped down right on my cunt, on my clitoris, the
whole of my cunt was burning with the pain of it.  I screamed through the
panties in my mouth, screamed and screamed with next to no sound. 
She has used Kate on my cunt before, and she is able to kindly get the end of
the whip to run all the way along my labia and over my clitoris. 
I was in agony Mistress.  My whole body felt every bit of the pain. 
Mistress Josephine told me to get rid of the gag, so I turned over and walked as
best I could, gently to the bathroom and spat out and dropped the gag onto the
floor by the laundry basket then I returned to Mistress Josephine and knelt
before her and I thanked her, and she stroked my hair.  She told me that the
three of them were going to bed, and make love with each other, while I was to
go out into the yard and stay there all night.  She warned me to stay near the
wall so that none of our neighbors would see; they would not want to see my
slutty body.  I thanked her and she took me by a nipple and pulled me into the
kitchen and pushed me out of the door, and left me there.  I saw the lights go
off, and it was pitch black, and cold, and I was naked and my hands were tied
behind my back, and we have heard sounds out in the yard before and my
Mistresses are certain they were rats, and I couldn't see anything at all at
first, just pitch blackness, but as my eyes accustomed I could see just a
little.  It was overcast and quite cold, but I sat with my legs open on my
haunches with my legs far apart leaning against the wall under the window
crying, and the coolness of the breeze was even something of a relief on my cunt
and between my legs, but I was so scared that there might be rats.  I wanted to
find something to sit on, but I knew there was nothing there.  The lights came
on again, and Mistress Josephine came out and told me to lay down and she peed
over me, and she told me to stay there, and there were stones pushing into my
bottom and my arms while I lay waiting, and Mistress Hannah stood over me and
peed on me as well, over my face and hair, then she told me to get up and stay
by the wall, and she told me I must be good, and I thanked her and promised her
that I would be, and I promise d and promised her, and I told her over and over
how sorry I was and she closed the door, and it went dark again.
I felt so sad Mistress.  My body hurting, and emotionally I felt so low that I
had distressed them.  I sat there for hours just thinking about how I should
have told them, and wondering why I was such a stupid slut as to not have said,
and I knew they would not have minded, but like some stupid dirty thing I did
not tell them.  I swore, over and over to myself that I would put things right,
and I would never ever again keep anything from them.  And I will never again
disappoint them, in any way, 
I was so cold later, I wanted to hug my arms around me but my wrists were cuffed
behind me.  My nipples still looked odd, at least in that half-light, and my
cunt developed that bruised feeling as I shuffled on my haunches. 
I must have fallen asleep at some point, because I woke, lying down against the
wall with my legs apart, and when I went to close them they hurt.  I managed to
get up, and I sat again, it was half light, and an hour or so later Mistress
Allison came and got me and released my hands and told me to go and shower and
get breakfast.  My arms hurt so much but I managed to get my arm lifted a little
but she did not want me to speak and just to me to go and shower because I
smelled awfully.  I showered and washed my hair and my teeth, then went down and
prepared their breakfasts, and while they ate I kneeled at the table (I normally
do that) but through the whole meal I had my hand in the air, so long that it
ached, but I kept it there until Miss Hannah looked at me and said "What" and I
explained, or tried to explain to them how sorry I was and I begged their
forgiveness and I tried to tell them how it was that I was stupid and not that I
ever meant to be disloyal".  Mistress Allison told me to come, and she kissed me
and told me to be careful, then Mistress Josephine called me to her and she
pulled my nipples and told me that she had considered selling me but my
willingness to accept my punishment had changed her mind,  (my heart stopped for
a moment, I swear it did Mistress, when I heard she might sell me, I felt my
whole body go cold and I was so scared) and I raised my hand and begged her to
allow me to thank her and I begged her to please never sell me and I started to
cry again, and I told her I would rather die than lose them and I started to
tell her over and over how sorry I was and begged her to forgive me and she
stopped me and kissed me, with a passion and with her tongue and she told me to
always be good and I will not be sold and she pushed me to
Miss Hannah, and she hugged me and kissed me and I told her I was sorry but
Mistress Josephine slapped my bottom and told me that I hadn't been given
permission to speak and I knelt down and hung my head.  I was actually afraid
they might punish me again, and I was still hurting, on my nipples and my arms
and my cunt, but Mistress Josephine told me to clear away and that I could have
the leftovers.  I emptied their bowls into my bowl, put it on the floor and got
to my knees and ate it, I was so hungry, and mostly from relief I think. I was
so shocked when Mistress Josephine had said she might sell me, and so relieved
that she said she would not.  And I will make sure that I do not ever upset them
again, never, if it at all in my power.
Mistress Allison dressed me at the door, and Mistress Josephine brought me to
work Mistress, and she kissed me as she let me out and she told me not to worry. 
That They will do all of my worrying for me.  Then she said, "Be abused" (which
is what she usually says to me when she drops me off at work, so I felt that I
was at least a little forgiven).

I hope I have told you everything Mistress.  I have not left anything our
intentionally, I promise.  Anything I have forgotten was out of the stupidity of
this slut and I beg forgiveness please Mistress.
I have to get home now Mistress.  I will write again when My Mistresses allow.

from a worthless slut slave
Please forgive me, please


Well, slave, it looks like you did have to pay for your indiscretions.  And you
paid dearly for them.
Now maybe I will hear from you more often.  But you seem to thrive on and enjoy
your pain so much it is hard to be sure whether or not you will learn.
Keep writing me and continue being honest.  I made your bed for you and now you
will sleep in it.  Were it only a bed.  Lol!
Mistress Sasha

Ladies,

I have been thinking.  You mentioned wishing to mutilate it by having it's
clitoral hood removed.  I thought of something better.  What if you had its
breasts reduced down to those of a young pre-teen girl?  Totally flatchested?  I
mean, it is almost there already.  Just finish the Job.  I can think of other
ways to ruin it if you really wish to.  But some of them make it hard to take it
out into regular public.
And would you please whore it out more frequently so that it can earn the money
for a computer so that I can contact you all at home?  A web cam would also
help.  I have an outlet where you can punish or torture it on cam and make money
while doing it.
Think about it.  It might be worth your while.

Sasha

Friday, May 9

Mistress Sasha

I am pleased that you considered me suitably punished.  Please believe this slut
when it says that it is sorry and that it never meant anything by what it did. 
It is just a stupid slut, which is not responsible for its actions.  I also wish
to tell you that while I may have said that
I did enjoy the early spankings of Mme Benoit, the pain which my
Mistresses inflict is much more severe and is not enjoyable except in the
pleasure it gives them in cleansing me.

Miss Beatrice has just left and I am waiting for Miss Patricia to collect me.
She is to introduce me more personally to one of her agents today. She wishes me
to model for her at a home show.

Miss Beatrice called me in this morning and Miss Trisha was in with her.  She
told me to get coffees for us all, and when I had got them she told me to close
the door and she asked Miss Trisha if there was anything she wanted to say to
me, I turned to Miss Trisha and she looked at me and told me to take my clothes
off.  Miss Beatrice likes to watch Miss Trisha play with this body sometimes
Mistress.  I don't know if I have told you that before and I am sorry if I had
not.  I undid my blouse and took off my skirt and shoes and Miss Beatrice
invited Miss Trisha to take me to the sofa and sit together, and Miss Beatrice
said how she thought it was so lovely to see the innocence of youth and how
lovely it was to see this innocence as Miss Trisha had me naked to play with. 
She kept saying about me being naked for Miss Trisha and me being nude for her
until Miss Trisha put her hand across my thighs and stroked me, then Miss
Beatrice told me to put one of my legs over Miss Trisha's and Miss Trisha put
her hand on my thigh and started to stroke me.  Mistress.  I have a confession,
which I know I must tell you.  I love these times with Miss Beatrice and Miss
Trisha, they excite me, and sometimes I become even more sluttish and move my
body so that Miss Trisha brushes against my cunt, as he strokes me. I didn't
today, as Miss Trisha ran her hand all the way from my knee to my upper thigh
while Miss Beatrice watched.  Miss Trisha stopped after a while, and Miss
Beatrice told me to get the coffees (I had left them on the edge Miss Beatrice
's desk) and I handed one to Miss Beatrice and took the other to Miss Trisha,
and she sipped it while I stood in front of her waiting.  She put it down on the
coffee table, then Miss Beatrice got up from her desk and manhandled me so that
I was laying with the small of my back across Miss Trisha's
legs, facing up, and she pulled one of my legs off the sofa and I knew my cunt
lips were exposed.  Miss Beatrice stood back a little and asked Miss
Trisha if she minded her arranging me, and she told her she didn't. Miss
Beatrice ran a hand down me cheek, and along my shoulders and over my breasts
and down my tummy and over my mons and she said that she could understand why
Trisha liked to stroke this body, then Miss Beatrice sat down again at her desk,
and Miss Trisha put one hand on my tummy and one on my breast and started to
stroke me, and I very quickly got excited.  Miss Trisha just sat and looked at
my body as she stroked me and Miss Beatrice sat at her desk watching.  Every now
and then Miss Trisha got her cup and drank her coffee, and her hand ran over my
thighs and over my mons a few times and I confess I wished her to touch my
clitoris or put her hand inside of me, I know I was moving this body under her
hands.
Miss Beatrice took a call, on the phone, and Miss Trisha stopped, and when Miss
Beatrice was done, she reminded Miss Trisha that she was sure that if there was
anything she wanted me to do to her then I would do it, and she looked at me and
said "wouldn't you angel?" and I looked at Miss Trisha and said "Yes Miss,
anything", and Miss Trisha said she knows, and Miss Beatrice said that she would
love to watch if she might but that Miss Trisha could have the privacy of her
office anytime if she wanted to play with me, as a thank you for allowing her
the innocent pleasure of seeing her like this, and she went to her with an
envelope and gave it to Miss Trisha and said this is also to let you know how
much I like to watch.  Miss Trisha thanked her and Miss Beatrice told her to
dress me and that we all need to get on with some work.
When Miss Trisha had gone, Miss Beatrice turned to me and told me to delight
her, and she whispered about how lovely it is to have me naked and see the young
fingers all over my body, and she kept talking dirty about my body and Trisha
and what she wanted to see Miss Trisha do to me and for me to do to her while
she came in my mouth.

When she was done, she kissed me, (she always kisses her cum off my lips
afterwards Mistress) and told me to wait here for Miss Patricia.  She was
bringing an agent and we three (Miss Patricia, the agent and this slut) are
going to lunch.  Miss Patricia is bringing something more appropriate for me to
wear apparently.

Mistress.  One time I wrote to you I was being pathetic about some of the Ladies
here who were abusing this body.  I never told you Mistress, but My Mistresses
told me that I have to accept their attentions, and that abuse of this body is
an essential reason they have me, and so now, when they tease me I try to be
stronger, but I still don't really like it. This morning, one of them took me
into the toilet and had me watch while she peed.  I was on my knees between her
legs watching her pee, and she was just laughing at me, and though I love my
Mistresses pee that is something special from Them, and not just pee.  This was
just her wishing to humiliate me but she does not know what I do so it is not
quite as embarrassing as she might think, and the biggest embarrassment would
have been the fear of being caught like that, but she had her friend outside as
she did not want to be caught.

Last night I was allowed to sleep indoors Mistress.  I had to wear the anal
vibrator all evening and night, and Miss Josephine told me that the next time I
see Miss Donna I have to take her aside and beg her to be allowed to eat her
shit from her bottom hole.  She said it is an act of atonement for having failed
to please her after I painted her room.  I have to ensure that I always please
her completely or I will be made to eat her shit again, and I raised my hand and
I promised that I will always try to please Her, at all times she wishes.  She
asked me if I wanted to eat her shit, and I said I did if She (Mistress
Josephine wished it) but she said she wanted to know if I wanted to, and I hung
my head, fearful of saying an opinion, She reassured me that I may speak
honestly, and I said that I was really really sorry but I really did not want to
eat shit, not at all, and she smiled at me and told me it was good, and it will
always be there as a punishment.

I am expecting Miss Patricia soon so I will finish now Mistress.
 thank you
 slut slave

Mistress

I have just returned from a long lunch with Miss Patricia and Miss
Thompson (that's not her real name, she told me not to use her real name when I
tell my Mistresses about this), and I have had the most glorious time Mistress. 
I am feeling a little guilty because it was just straight sex Mistress and
Mistress Josephine may not be pleased with me when she hears but I have to
confess that I was very happy at pleasing Miss Thompson, and I must have pleased
her as she says she wants to see me again.

Miss Patricia came for me and took me away with her in her car, an on the way
she told me to change into an outfit in a plastic bag while she stopped in a
lay-by.  It is a Lurex tube, which is very, very tight and just covers between
my bottom and my breasts, but as I have moved at all it rides up and down, sort
of collecting in the middle Mistress. She also had the high-heeled shoes again
for me to wear.  When I was dressed she took me to a hotel in the country not
far from Xxxxxxxx and told me to ask her agent if I may call her Miss Thompson,
and she said if all went well and I was a good girl then she might leave me with
Miss Thompson for us to get acquainted better.  Miss Thompson wants to use me
for a private show of Miss Patricia's clothes.

We went into the lobby and Miss Patricia greeted a woman I recognized from last
Friday.  They kissed cheeks and Miss Patricia introduced me as angel and her to
me as Miss Thompson, we went through to a tiny dining room. 
Miss Patricia told me to sit next to Miss Thompson while she was opposite us. 
They ordered drinks and Miss Patricia ordered water for me and she told Miss
Thompson (her actual name was Angela) that I had come to confirm directly to
Miss Thompson that I wanted to come to her house and demonstrate the lingerie,
and Miss Patricia looked directly at me and asked "Don't you dear??"  I said
"Yes Please Miss Thompson. May I call you Miss Thompson Miss?" and Miss Thompson
looked at me and said "Yes of course dear", and Miss Patricia said "You see I
told you she was a good little thing and she is willing to do anything to help
you at your party" and she told her "Some of my other agents had found other
uses for her, because she is such an oversexed little lesbian, and a bit of a
slut if truth be told, but that can only help sales sometimes" and she laughed
at me.  Then she said that she only had to see the way I dressed, and Miss
Thompson turned towards me and looked me up and down and she said that she
thought I looked lovely, and Miss Patricia said she agreed.  Miss Patricia
talked with her while they ate about pricing and availability and about the
outfits that they had ready for me to wear, and she kept telling her how one of
the key things about private show with a model was to get everyone comfortable
with the model so that they saw her as just a body and not a person, and to have
the ladies touch the fabrics because that way they would become more free in
their thoughts of purchasing. At one point she looked at me and asked me "You
like being touched don't you angel?" and I said "Yes Miss", and she said "You
see how compliant she is?" and Miss Thompson said yes, then she excused herself
and went to the toilet.  Miss Patricia told me that she needed Miss Thompson to
buy in a little more and I was to stop pretending that I was anything but a
little slut, so I was to be much more effusive about how I wanted her to use me,
maybe ask her to touch me, or put her hand on my thigh under the table, and she
told me to stop being such a tight little bitch and I should accept that Miss
Thompson could fist fuck me at the table if she wanted to.  She ordered more
drinks for Miss Thompson and told me that she would be leaving us together and
she gave me ?20 for taxi later.

Miss Thompson came back and sat, and she thanked her for the drink, and
I pushed my chair in a little and closer to her.  They talked for a while about
when she could have the invites for the party, and Miss Patricia said "You are
as keen as this little thing" and Miss Thompson looked at me and said "Are you?"
and I said yes Miss Thompson and I took her hand in mine under the table and
squeezed it and she squeezed me back and I put her hand on the top of my thigh
and she looked down and I opened her hand over my leg and rested my hand on
hers.  Miss Patricia smiled at me, then she said she would have to be going, but
she wanted us to stay as long as we wanted and Miss Thompson took her hand away
and Miss Patricia insisted that we stay and get to know one another, and she
told Miss Thompson that she had to be comfortable with me or the show would be a
disaster.  She told her to always remember that I would do whatever she asked,
and looked at me and said, "Wont you my pet?" and I said "Yes Miss, anything".
And Miss Patricia and Miss Thompson kissed and I heard her whisper to Miss
Thompson "remember it's just a body you can do what you like with", and she
left. 

Miss Thompson sat again and was silent, just sipping her drink, and I said "May
I speak Miss" and she looked at me and said "of course", and I told her that I
liked her hand on my thigh and I hope she didn't mind me having put it there
earlier, and she said "No, you can put it there anytime" and she sort of laughed
into her drink, so I took her hand and placed it on my thigh again and moved it
up and down my thigh until she was moving it on her own and she was stroking me
quiet high on my thigh near the hem of my dress.  I said, "Miss" and she said
yes, and I told her she really could touch me anywhere, that I would be pleased
if she did.  She told me she wasn't a lesbian, that she was married, and I told
her I was sorry that I was like I am, and I just said "I'm sorry" over and over
and she told me not to be sorry, and she turned to me, looked at the door and
put her other hand on my breast and squeezed it gently, and I said thank you
Miss. and she let go and picked up her drink and carried on stroking me on my
leg, but higher, to the edge of my hem, pushing it back, and I lifted myself and
pulled my dress up and around my bottom so that it rested around my waist with
my cunt bare for her, and I opened my legs.  I so wanted her to touch my cunt
Mistress, and she had moved her hand away onto her own leg but I took it again
and put in between my legs and she brushed first over my mons, and up and down
between my legs, then she put her little finger between my lips as she rubbed
her hand on me. She told me she didn't want any sort of relationship, and asked
me if I realized that, and I told her I was owned by three beautiful Mistresses
who just wish me to offer my body to the pleasure of women, and promised there
were no ties or anything.
 
She rubbed her hand on me for some time, with me getting more and more excited,
until the waitress came and cleared the plates, and Miss asked for the bill, but
we were told Miss Patricia had paid, and Miss Thompson said we should go. I
pulled my dress down and we got up and went into the lobby, and I told her I had
to get a taxi, and Miss Thomson said she would love to give me a lift, and I
accepted, just to Xxxxxx, though I didn't really want to walk back very far to
the office dressed as I was.

We got to her car, and sat in, and she started it, and I took her hand again,
just in mine, and she turned to me and smiled and asked me if I had to hurry
back, and I said no, that I would love to spend more time with her, and she said
ok and she turned off the main road down a lane and I stroked her thigh and
pushed her skirt between her legs as she drove, until she stopped in a walkers
car park in some woods and she switched the engine off.  She turned to me and
said that she had never done anything like this before, and I said I'm sorry and
she said "No don't be" and she put her hand on my breast and squeezed softly,
and I pulled the top of my dress down until my breasts were exposed and she
carried on squeezing and touching them, in silence.  I dropped my seat back
down, and pulled the hem of my dress up, so that it was gathered over my tummy
and she looked at my legs and cunt carried on touching my breasts. 
She asked me what she should do, and I told her she may do anything she wished
or if she would allow, I would make love to her breasts and kiss her pussy, and
lick her bottom and love her until she came, and she put her hand on my cunt and
sort of examined it with her fingers and I was so excited that just her fingers
separating my lips, running up and down just inside of me and when she was
pulling my hood back she made me cum, and I apologized to her and told her I was
sorry and she told me not to be silly, and she carried on touching me and I felt
the wetness of her fingers in me and over my mons and my clit and in a minute I
had cum again because she was gripping my clit between her fingers and between
her finger and thumb.  And Mistress, she was smiling at me. 
She told me to turn over, and I kneeled in the foot well of the car and leant
down on the seat and she stroked my bottom, and over my cheeks, over and over
and then between my cheeks and over my anus and she rested her fingers there.  I
turned my head to look at her, and I smiled so broadly, and said Thank you Miss
and she pushed her finger at my anus and slid it under me and into my cunt and
back to my anus and her fingertip slipped inside my anus and she just held it
there for a long time stroking the cheeks of my bottom with her other hand.  I
was in heaven Mistress.  I lifted my left hand and ran it under her skirt up her
leg to her stocking tops and felt her warmth, and she parted her legs for me and
I brushed over her panties with my finger tips and she took her hand off my
bottom and took her finger out of me and lay back in her seat and I pulled her
panties aside and felt her wetness and slid my fingers along her slit, her
beautifully warm wet slit, until I found her clitoris, hard and proud on my
fingers under a bush of hair and I just touched it lightly with my fingertips
just touching beneath it and brushing my fingers over it and she bucked and
bucked in the seat and came for me, gasping and saying "Oh My" over and over,
and my face was nestled against her breasts, resting in them, her large breasts
giving to my face as I pushed into them, But then suddenly she pushed me away
and closed her legs and pulled my arm away from her and she just rested with her
eyes closed, and I wasn't sure if I had upset her, but when she opened her eyes
she smiled at me and pulled me to her again and hugged me.

She hugged me close to her and stroked my back and she just sat there with me
laying half over her.  Then she let go of me and lifted my face to hers and
kissed me on the cheek and said she has to be going to pick up her girls from
school, and I said "Yes Miss.  Thank you" and she said "No, Thank you", and I
told her she never has to thank me, that I was a slave and should never be
thanked. But she said she would thank me if she wanted to and I said "Yes Miss".

We straightened ourselves and she started driving back.  She talked about
herself and that her husband was an amateur artist and was always looking for
models to pose if I was interested, and I told her I was a lesbian, and she
slapped my leg and said that is exactly why she might allow me naked in her
house.  She laughed and said there is no way she wants some naked man hungry
bimbo in her house, she said I mustn't worry because she would be keeping a
close eye on me anyway and laughed and stroked my leg.  Then she asked me about
who I lived with, and I told her Mistresses without naming Them), and she said
"Really?" and I said Yes Miss, and she said she thought I was joking, but I said
no, and that I am owned by them, and she went silent until she stopped in
Xxxxxxx. 
She turned to me and asked me if I would tell anyone about what had happened,
including Miss Patricia, and I told her Miss Patricia will not know unless Miss
Thompson wished her to and she said NO, really firmly, and she asked what about
my Mistresses, and I said that I have to tell them everything, and she told me
to change her name when she told them, I promised I would and I said that my
Mistresses were not really interested in who had used me, more about what I had
been used for, and she told me to tell my Mistresses that they had a very good
slave and that she wanted to borrow me again.  I promised her I would.  She
reached in her glove box and took out a notepad and wrote her mobile number on
it and asked me to have my Mistresses call her sometime.

Miss Patricia had told me to call her later, so I just have and I told her what
happened and she was very pleased with me, that I had allowed her to finger fuck
me and especially that she had finger fucked my bottom. 
She said that shocked her and that it was all good, and she said she was going
to call in to this office on her way home tonight to give my "face a bit of a
fucking" to reward me for being a good girl.

I have just re-read your mails recently.  You said in one that it was nice to
have me being publicly humiliated.  I Know I have told you in the past that I
enjoy being naked a little, and I confess that I do, but what happened on Friday
was horrid Mistress.  To be naked and so exposed in front of so many people,
Mistress, that was very different, not at all as I thought it might be.  And I
was sent completely naked to walk around in front of all of those young girls
and I am sure they were not gay or bi.  It is different if they are Mistress. 
Do you understand that at all Mistress?.  There were times that I could have
died.  I know my face was flushed and I was sweating, and sometimes in such a
panic.  It was not at all fun Mistress. 
The other thing you said, which puzzled me was your reference to my
Mistresses doing their due diligence.  Mistress I expect nothing of my
Mistresses.  I rejoice when They allow me to touch them, I am happy when
They are willing to correct me to improve me.  I truly have no expectations of
them at all.  I will plead with all my life, with everything I am that they do
not sell me to anyone else.  I will ask them to let me die rather than lose
them.  Mistress, I need them.  I know they do not need me, nor do I expect them
to.  I will serve them for the rest of my life; even if they find a new slave I
would beg them to be kept just as their toilet, or as their house servant, or
gardener or anything.  I love each of them so.

I hope you understand Mistress.

I have to rush now Mistress to get the post out and the Ladies here have all
been making fun of my outfit, especially my shoes.  The two younger ones keep
coming up behind me and either lifting the dress up off my bottom or pulling it
down off my tits when I was at the coffee machine and the photocopier.  But it
is not upsetting me at all.

A slut slave

Wednesday, May 14

Mistress

Mistress Josephine has told me to tell you how absolutely depraved I am, with
something that happened to me.  She laughed as I told her though, and it was not
my fault it was circumstances really.  She says that I delight in showing my
slutty body to children and I have to explain to you what an absolute slut I am.

Mistress Hannah called Miss Thompson (one of Miss Patricia's agents), I was not
there then, but I was told when I came in from the kitchen that she would be
collecting me for a couple of hours of 'play'.  She told me that as soon as her
husband returned then I was to leave immediately and that Miss Thompson knew
that and that she would bring me straight back.

Miss Thompson picked me up, as arranged I was on the road where she had dropped
me on Friday.  Mistress Allison had me dressed in a cotton t-shirt which came to
only half way over my bottom but she allowed me to put on my raincoat while I
waited for Miss T, but I had to take it off before
I got into the car.  When she drove up I did as I was told, and Miss T called me
a 'brazen Hussy'.  It was a quiet road at the side of the Tesco but she still
told me to get in quickly,  Miss Thompson stroked my leg and asked me if I was
ok, and I said "Yes Miss".  She asked me why I didn't have any shoes on and I
told her that I had not been given any today.  She quizzed me about how I was
controlled and I told her that my
Mistresses run all of my life.  She pressed me for actual details and I told her
most things, but not everything.  I was afraid they might think me or (more
importantly my Mistresses) strange.  Their house was a quite nice detached
bungalow backing onto fields.  She told me that I would have to put my raincoat
back on to go in the house because her daughters and a neighbor would be there.

Miss Thompson told me, before we got out of her car, that it is her intention to
have my little face licking her pussy sometime today and she asked what I
thought of that, and I said "Miss I would so love to serve you like that", and
she smiled at me and just said; "Good".

When we got in, a woman came to the door and greeted Miss and Miss asked her if
the girls had been ok, and she said she hadn't even seen them. 
They were still out in the garden.  Miss introduced her and said she was a
neighbor and was just sitting for her for a while, and she introduced me as
angel, a model for the lingerie party, and that we had to talk through some of
the details of the party.  Her friend said she was looking forward to the party
then left and Miss Thompson took me through to the kitchen for drinks and while
there she kissed my cheek and undid my raincoat and fondled at my bottom cheeks
and between my cheeks and
I said Thank You Miss.  Her daughters came in, I heard them and I pulled my coat
around me, and Miss Thompson introduced me as the girl who was going to help
mummy with one of her parties.  A (I agreed with Miss
Thompson no names) was introduced as 9 and B as 7.  Neither of them reacted at
all, and went away again.  Miss Thompson took me through to a room at the side
of the house set out like a study with a bench set beside the door, and a corner
desk and chair.

She sat me down on the bench seat, closed the door, and she pulled the chair
facing me, and she told me to take off my coat.  I was really scared because
from the waist down I was naked and I was afraid her daughters might come in,
but she was just sitting facing me and stroking my legs, and she parted them and
looked at my cunt.  She told me that my
Mistress had told her I was supposed to be naked all the time I was with her,
and I wondered if that was an order to take my t-shirt off, and I did hesitate,
but then I took it off, and she said that I was very special. And she put my
hands on her breasts and I fondled them. She has wonderfully full breasts and
mine felt really small by comparison, but she continued to finger them and touch
my nipples, and I got so excited that I forgot about her children.  I wanted to
please her, so I asked if I may speak, and I asked if I may kiss her pussy, and
she pulled her skirt up and showed me that she did not have any panties on, 

I got to my knees before her and said "Thank you" and I put my face to her pubes
and licked her but she kept leaning forward and feeling my bottom so I could not
really please her Mistress, and after a while she lifted me by my shoulders and
stroked my face.  She gave me my top to put on again and she asked me to stand
and she pulled at it to try to get it to cover my pubes but it just didn't reach
and she said she needed to get me something in case the girls came in, so she
left the room and closed the door, but within seconds A (the older daughter)
came in, looked at me and asked where her mummy was, and I covered my pubes with
my hands and told her I didn't know but them she came back and told her daughter
to come out and I heard her mommy telling her that she shouldn't go into daddy's
study, and A said that she saw me, and that I didn't have any skirt on, and her
mum told her I'd been trying things on for her ready for the party, and A said
that she'd seen that I didn't have any hair on my petal, and Miss T told her
some ladies shave their hair off like daddy shaves his face then the other
daughter came too and she looked in at me and just said hello to me, and her mum
and A came to the door and Miss T closed the door and I felt awful, that Id
gotten Miss T in trouble, and I put on my coat and listened, and I heard her
saying that I was modeling some things and didn't want nosy little girls around
while I did, and they said they want to watch but Miss T said I had finished now
and she just needed to talk with me now about the party, and they said they had
to come in now because it was raining, and Miss T told B it was time for her to
get ready for bed now anyway, and I heard moans, and then it went quiet.

After a while Miss T opened the door and apologized, and I begged her never to
feel the need to apologize to me, and I apologized and she told me not to be
silly, and she said A wanted to come in and watch and she laughed, so I did too,
somewhat nervously though, and she told me I couldn't sit about with my coat on,
and she went away and came back with a t-shirt and gave it to me and told me to
put that on, so I put it on over Mistress Allison's one.  Miss T came back and A
was with her, and I felt so much better being more dressed, then A said "Do you
shave your petal then?" and I said "Yes", and she said "Why?" and I told her it
was more comfortable like that and she sat down on the bench and Miss T invited
me to have a coffee and she left us.  A told me that her mommy didn't shave her
petal but she did shave under her arms, and I told her that I did too, that most
women do, and we just chatted about silly things until Miss T came back, and she
had the coffees and B followed her in in her pajamas and she walked straight up
to me and said "You haven't got any panties on" and I looked at Miss T and she
said that I just hadn't had chance to get dressed with "you two" about all the
time, and B put her hand up under Miss T's t-shirt and slapped my bottom and ran
away.  Miss T scolded her lightly, and we both laughed at her, but then A got up
and jumped towards me and she slapped my bottom too and ran away.  Miss T was
just laughing, and they both though it was a game and they both did it and I
tried to catch them, just playfully, and Miss T said "If she catches you she
will tickle you both, and laughed again, but they both did it again so I ran out
after them, I did end up sitting on the sofa tickling A and B was pulling at my
shirt, and Mistress Josephine made me confess that my cunt and bottom was
showing to the girls.

That is what Mistress Josephine ordered me to tell you Mistress.  That I
'frolicked nearly naked with two young girls and that I am truly depraved' and
she thought you would be amused to hear about it, but I just happened to be
dressed like that and I just was playing about with them and I didn't touch them
anywhere. It was not by my design, I swear, and their mom was there and laughing
too Mistress and she was watching so she knew it was ok.  They were trying to
slap my bottom and I was just trying to catch them and tickle them.  That's all. 
But it is true that Miss T's short she had lent me was up around my waist for
some of the time while I was with them and I was showing my cunt and bottom to
them all.  But their mum and they were all laughing and it was innocent, I
swear.

Eventually Miss pulled them off me and told them to leave me alone, and they
sulked and just sat down

Miss T got our coffees and we sat drinking them and the girls watched the
Simpsons on TV.

Ms. T came back and Miss told me she had to take me back now, and I said goodbye
to the girls and Mr. T.

On the way back, Miss stopped her car in the woods again and lifted her skirt
and I asked her if I might lick her pussy again and she said "You
Must" and she allowed me to kiss and lick her pussy and she came for me as I
flicked my tongue across her clitoris, and pulled her pubic hair in my mouth,
and she held my head tight against her pussy as she came
Mistress, and she said it was heavenly.  When we restarted, she asked me if I
had minded the girls and I said they were lovely and she said they certainly
liked me, and I did say that I was pleased, but I was just pleased at being
liked, nothing sexual.

Miss dropped me off at the corner and I went in and told my Mistresses and
Mistress Josephine told me to tell you.




I spent much of this morning with Miss Patricia and another of her agents. 
Miss Beatrice took me over there in the morning.  She stayed with us for a while
and they ignored me as they talked of ranges.  I was just standing between them,
they were on lounge chairs in Miss Patricia's office, and every now and them one
of them just fondled me under my shirt, mostly on my bottom.  They then talked
about me, and that Miss Patricia had had four interests in using 'her' for
parties (it was as though I wasn't there - Miss Patricia often did that but it
wasn't like Miss Beatrice, she is usually nice about me and includes me in more
but she was being the same as Miss
Patricia.

At one point, Miss Patricia told me to lift my dress, and they talked about how
I was filling out, and that I was easier to fit, and they squeezed my tits and
patted my bottom, saying that I looked much fitter now. 
Miss Patricia said that she could keep me quite busy with parties and Miss
Beatrice told her that my Mistresses had suggested that they must be daytime
parties when possible.

Miss Beatrice had to go and she left me with Miss Patricia, who just left me in
her office while she went about her business.  I just stood and waited until she
came in with a woman and she introduced me to her and she said she recognized me
from the gala.  I confess that I didn't recognize her actually, but there were
lots of women there that night, and I was so embarrassed.

Julie bought in drinks for them, and asked me if I wanted a coffee, and
Miss Patricia nodded when I looked at her and I said I would love one, and Miss
Patricia told me to go and help get it.  When I got back in, they were looking
at a rack in Miss Patricia's office, and I stood and drink my drink while they
talked.  Miss Patricia called me over so I put my coffee down and went to them. 
Miss Patricia held a dress up to me and announced it too long, then she asked
the woman (her name was Lori) to just go through and see what she wanted to use. 
She just thumbed through them, then Miss Patricia picked a bra and panty set in
silk and suggested that she had me wear this to receive her guests, and Lori
said it was very nice and Miss Patricia handed them to me and told me to put
them on, so I took off my shirt and put on the panties, then the bra, and they
both looked at me and Lori said it is nice, and they went back to the rack and
talked among themselves.

They sat and drank their coffees and Miss Patricia told me to take off the set
and hang it again, and I did, and then I was so uncertain about if
I should get my shirt on or not.  They were talking and casually
looking at me, and I picked it up off the chair and looked to Miss Patricia,
begging her to let me know, but she just left me standing naked with it in my
hand while they talked.  They did talk about me and how I might help at the
party, and how Lori must get everyone used to seeing my body so that they
consider the clothes, but how useful it was to have a model, and all this time
they looked at me.  I felt used really. 

Miss Patricia said she had to take a break and she left us alone, and Lori asked
me how many parties I had done, and I said that I was new to it, and she just
said, "I see".  She told me that I could also help serve the coffee, and I said
"Yes Miss", and she just looked at me all the time.  She hadn't really looked me
up and down, except for when I had the set on, but now she did, and I really
felt naked.  I know I was, but it was that she was just sitting there drinking
coffee and looking, not looking at my face.

Miss Patricia came back, and Lori announced that she would have to go and she
thanked Patricia, and she left.  Miss Patricia came back in and took my T-shirt
off me and told me that I was not going to have much fun with "that one", then
she just got on with making some calls and she called me over and put my hand
under her skirt and I touched and stroked her thighs, kneeling at her side, and
I stroked over her panties as she read something.   She just left me there doing
that, at one point she pushed my hand closer onto her and squirmed against my
hand, but she didn't cum or anything.

She told me to dress, and she and Julie did some work while I stood waiting.

Miss Patricia gave me a parcel and told me it was for Mistress Josephine and she
had Julie drive me back to Miss Beatrice's office about an hour ago.  I wish I
could wear more clothes in the office Mistress.  It just doesn't seen right
sometimes.  Most of the time I don't notice but occasionally someone says
something, about having seen my bottom (today my shirt is very short) and I feel
embarrassed.  I know my Mistresses are kind to me in lending me their clothes to
wear, and I am not ungrateful for that. Truly.  It's just sometimes.

I have some things to do for Miss Beatrice now Mistress.  I should be able to
write more later.

a slut slave  x

angel,

What a nice story.  I must tell you to be careful around the young ones but you
already know that.  Miss T and yourself handled it all correctly.
And you seem to be fitting well into your role as a lingerie model.  Imagine
someone as shy as you turning out to be so wicked in showing herself off to
everyone.
I would like for you to do something for me.  I would like for you to go back in
your mind and give me a number of how many different women you have serviced
since the start of the year.  And then I would like a number of how many virgins
your precious little tongue has deflowered this year also.  I think your answers
will amaze not only you, but will be something that any lesbian would just not
believe.
I promised you, angel, that your dreams would come true.  And when I make
promises I try to keep them in spades.  How have I done with you, my dear?

Mistress

Ladies,

I had a nice idea.  I instructed it to give me a number of how many women it has
been with since the beginning of the year.  I also told it to tell me how many
virgins it has deflowered this year as well.
I thought it might be nice for you to consult with a tattoo artist and have a
tattoo designed like ivy wrapping around its thighs.  And within the ivy, for
every woman it has been with, add a heart within the
ivy.  For every virgin it's tongue has deflowered, add a rose into the ivy. 
Let's see if we can work the tattoo up it's middle and down it's legs.  A
continual work in progress.
What do you think?  And is it earning you all an income for your rental of it?

Mistress Sasha

Mistress

Thank you for writing to me, I do not have the Sharp with me, but I have printed
the note for my Mistresses, and have put it into an envelope and I swear I have
not read it, nor would I ever.  (Mistress Josephine might well kill me if ever I
did).

Mistress, I am not really a lingerie model, not really, not compared with the
beautiful models at the show last week, compared with them I am a run in the
litter.   As for my thinking of women who have allowed me to please them
Mistress, I really can't remember, but it is surely not so very many Mistress.
You make me sound like a whore.  I do know that the important ones are my
wonderful Mistress Josephine, Mistress Hannah, and Mistress Allison.

Miss T was ok with the way I played with her children, and she knew it was just
that I happened to be dressed the way I was, it wasn't anything sexual.  She
really laughed.  Genuine and so happy a laugh, at me ticking the girls and them
trying to get at me.  But it was all in innocence.  I think Mistress Josephine
thought it was funny really too, but she did call me a degraded slut for
allowing it, but it wasn't my fault, not really.  Miss T didn't say a word about
it, except to say that they obviously liked me.

You are right Mistress, I have everything I could have hoped for, and if ever I
comment where I shouldn't then please forgive me, I don't mean to be ungrateful,
not at all.

a slut slave


Think hard on those numbers, slave.  I need them.  Do I have to do everything
for you?  Stop fooling yourself.  You might think you are something different
but you are very much a whore.
You are the whore of your Mistresses.  Answer yourself this.  Do you do
everything and everybody they tell you to?  Is any and all income you derive
from your life given over to them completely?  Do you invariably offer yourself
sexually to everyone you meet?  Of course you do.  Your mistresses can beat you,
humiliate you, shit into your hands, and you can do nothing.  You would even let
them carve the word "whore" into your breasts with a razor and do nothing to
stop them.  And if any of them ever told you to stop being their whore, it would
totally, irreversibly crush you.  You aren't an equal.  You have to raise your
hand to speak.  You aren't a lover.  Josephine and Hannah are lovers.  Notice
the differences.  You aren't a maidservant.  They usually always just clean up
after people.
So face it, angel.  You are a whore.  You are a whore constructed by your
Mistresses.  Admit it.  And stop crying and whimpering.  You should be proud of
what a fine whore you have become.  Rarely are whores as loved and as treasured
as you are.  Of course, you are also a slave.  And a very good one.  But as is
often the case, slaves become whores for their Mistresses.
So live up to the fact that you are a whore.  You are MY whore.  You are
JOSEPHINE'S whore.  You are HANNAH'S whore.  You are ALLISON'S whore.  You are
MISS BEATRICE'S whore.  You are MISS PATRICIA'S whore.  You are TRISHA'S whore. 
You are DONNA'S whore.  You are MISS T's whore.
And we both know you will be the whore of many more in the future.  Be proud of
yourself.  Rarely has anyone ever been such a fine whore.  You have devoted as
much attention to being sexually extroverted this year as you did being sexually
introverted last year.  Which life do you prefer?  I think you and I both know
the answer to that.
So continue to do what you have shown that you do best

Mistress Sasha


Friday, May 16

Mistress

This morning I have been good, and I hope, will have pleased my
Mistress.  I have been watched in doing my toilet by one of the younger Ladies
here in the office, as my Mistress wanted.  I am sure She will be pleased with
me.  I hope so.

Last night, Mistress Josephine and I were alone most of the evening, Mistress
Allison and Mistress Hannah went to the cinema.  Mistress told me to ask the two
young ladies (she called them my tormentors) in the office to be Her observers
while I am here and to allow me to go to the toilet only if they can accompany
me, and always undress completely for them and leave the door open while they
watch me, and to ask them to allow me to drink their pee.  This morning I saw
her come in, and she went to the drinks machine and I went up to her and asked
if I may ask her something. 
She went to her desk and I followed and I told her that my Mistress had asked me
to beg her and her friend to act as Her observer to ensure that when I use the
toilet I am naked and that I leave the door open always, and I had to tell her
that I am someone's property and must be respected as such and that she must not
damage me in any permanent way or my
Mistresses would report it to the police and it would get into the newspapers. 
She just looked at me and I hung my head, and said nothing, then she asked me if
I really had this Mistress, and I said that I did, that I have three beautiful
Mistresses who I love more than anything, and she asked me who they were, and I
told her that I couldn't say. She asked me if she could meet them, and I said I
would ask, and she told me to ask them.  Then she went quiet, and I leant
forward and told her that if she agreed my Mistress asked me to ask you to use
me rather than the toilet when you need to pee, and got up and took me into the
storeroom and closed the door and she said "Say that again", and I did, and she
quizzed me and asked me to explain, and I told her I would wish her to piss into
my mouth instead of the toilet as a thank you from my Mistress.  She stood back,
and looked at me, then she called me "such a fucking slut", and she asked me "So
how would we do it then?" and I told her she could stand with me on my knees
before her or she could sit, or she could sit over my face while I lay on the
floor Miss.   And she was quiet for ages then she said "So you only go for a
piss when I say? And
I said Yes Miss, and she told me I may have to wait if she was busy and
I said; "Of course Miss" and she opened the door and went. 

I didn't want to go until about an hour ago, and I went and asked her if
I might be allowed to pee, and she said not now, and I didn't want to ask her
again, but it was only just when she came to me and asked me if I still needed
to go, and I said yes Miss, and she took me to the toilet and asked me if I was
bursting, and I told her I was ok, and she pushed me into one of the stalls and
said Go ahead then and just watched while
I went into the stall took off my skirt and blouse, and stood astride of the
toilet (I had to explain to her when I had finished that my
Mistresses do not allow me to touch toilet seats). She watched me pee, and, as
with my Mistresses, I looked her in the eyes as I did it, but she just stared at
my pee.  When I had finished I thanked her and she just left.

She is the 'harder' of the two (if you know what I mean Mistress) and so it will
not be so tense to ask the other.  She told me that today her friend was having
a day off.  She didn't ask to pee into me at all, but
I had told her she could so Mistress Josephine will be pleased.

Last night I was naked for our elderly neighbor (the one who swapped with my
Mistresses what used to be my flat) and her daughter.  We didn't know that the
daughter was going to be there but she was.  Mistress Josephine sent me there to
ask her if we could have use of the parking space.  There is only one parking
space, adjacent to her side of the house and so it goes with the flat, and Miss
Hannah wants to park off the street.   Mistress Josephine dressed me in the
transparent dress Miss Patricia had sent her yesterday and told me to go and
ask, and to offer to do anything for her in exchange, that I could do her
housework or something. 

I went across the hall and knocked, and a middle-aged lady opened the door (I
now know it was her daughter) and I said I was a neighbor and wondered if I
might talk with Mrs. J.  She let me in, and she did look a bit disapproving up
and down.  In the lounge Mrs. J greeted me warmly and introduced me and her
daughter and she asked me if I wanted some tea, but I said I just had a favor to
ask, and I asked her if there was anyway we might use the parking space if she
didn't mind, and she immediately said yes, that even her visitors were never
using it, and I said thank you and said that I wanted to repay her in some way,
and she said that it didn't matter, and I said I would do anything, and I
pressed her until she said that her home help didn't ever clean the cooker
properly if I wanted to tackle that, and I said that I would and I said I would
do it now, if she didn't mind, and she said I should get changed as I shouldn't
clean the cooker in my nice dress.

When I went back to my Mistresses flat Mistress Josephine asked me what had
happened, and she was delighted, and even more pleased that her daughter was
there, and I told her about me cleaning the cooker and she was pleased and she
told me to go back and do it, and I said that Mrs. J had said about me changing
and not getting this dress dirty.  Mistress Josephine told me that I normally do
my housework in the nude, why should this be different. And that I should have
just stripped off my dress and cleaned it naked.  She leant towards me and told
me to go back and tell them that I am a naturist and always work about the house
without clothes and ask them very nicely if they minded if I did it in the nude,
and she made sure I understood, and I said that I did.  She pushed me towards
the door and told me to try to come back naked, and closed the door behind me. I
knocked on Mrs.. J's door again, and I was really nervous. 

Her daughter opened the door and asked if anything was wrong.  I told her no and
asked if I may come in to clean please and she let me in.  In the lounge I stood
with both of them looking at me, and I told them I was a naturist and said that
I would like to clean the cooker nude if they didn't mind and I said that I
always do housework in the nude if they didn't mind and the daughter looked just
puzzled and Mrs. J said she'd seen that I don't like clothes and I could wear
whatever I liked if she got her cooker cleaned properly and she laughed.  Her
daughter didn't say anything and so I quickly turned and went to the kitchen and
I gasped, just in relief.  I had to stand for a minute and compose myself and
Mrs. J came in and she told me she'd show me where the things were, things for
me to clean, and she walked past me and showed me the cupboard for the cleaner
and some cloths and a bucket for me.  I got them, and she just asked me if that
was ok, and just stood there and I know I was red faced and so embarrassed at
what I was going to do, but I pulled my dress off and folded it on the counter
and I got to the floor and opened the cooker and started working.  Just so aware
that she was they were still there and looking at me.

I know it shouldn't matter; my being naked Mistress, but it still does at times.
Its when I don't know that whoever it is might not want to have me naked, and I
am sorry for myself at being in that position.  And that's how I felt.  I know
she could see my bottom and Mrs. J is a really sweet old lady and I felt awful
and I just didn't want to take my head out of the oven, just stay there and
clean and clean, until she had gone.  She did say "I'll leave you to it then" or
something and she went down into the lounge.  I heard them talking about me, her
daughter saying that I was a strange little thing and Mrs. J said that Id always
been very sweet to her.  Her daughter said it was odd though, Mrs. J said what
happened behind someone's own front door was there business. 

I was cleaning; scrubbing and so couldn't hear them until Mrs. J asked me if I
wanted a cup of tea.  She was right behind me, and I said "No
Thank you", but she insisted, and so I did take my head out of the oven and I
looked at her and Thanked her and said Yes Please, and they were both there and
Mrs. J filled the kettle, and she lifted my dress off the counter and told me
she would put it in the lounge for me, and I saw her daughter looking down at
me, and I just hung my head, and turned again and cleaned. 

I had to wait for a while for the spray on the oven walls to take effect and I
sat back on my legs, and I must have put my hands in my lap, I'm sure I did, to
try to cover my cunt, and I sat on the floor with the two of them there
discussing biscuits and occasionally looking at me.  I looked down and I had
filthy hands and I had put them on my thighs and over my mons, and now they were
dirty too.

I started cleaning again, and scarped and cleaned until it was sparkling.  Mrs.
J had offered me my tea half way through but I held my hands up and she said,
she'd take it through for me, and she said she had some biscuits for me.  When
it was done, and all clean and I had rinsed it off I used some kitchen towel to
clean myself up with, and I confess that rubbing my mons to get it clean, in
someone else's kitchen, naked, I did excite myself, until I remembered that I
had to go and get my dress and I couldn't really masturbate in the kitchen in
case they came in.  I did want to though.  Mistress, I am sexually aroused such
a lot of the time, but I don't actually get to orgasm as often as I want.  I am
not complaining, but that's why I was playing with myself there.

When I was clean, I went through and told Mrs. J it was done and she stood up
and said "Lets see" and she took my hand and went through and looked in the oven
and she was really pleased and she actually hugged me and thanked me, and said I
was a treasure and how she couldn't bend over enough to do it herself but she
hated it being dirty, and all the while this lovely little old lady was hugging
me and I felt the buttons of her cardigan on me, and the wool of her skirt.  She
just held me against her, her hands on the small of my back and her clothes on
me.  Her daughter came and looked too and said she thought Id done a really good
Job and she said I should get my tea before it went cold and we all went into
the lounge and her daughter handed me my tea and sat on the sofa and her mom was
sitting on her chair, and she told me to sit, so I did, next to her on the sofa,
I sat and drank tea and ate biscuits with them, naked, but it did feel
civilized, and sort of like I was an equal, and after a while it was ok, even
though occasionally when her daughter asked me something I saw her looking down
at my crotch or at my tits when she spoke to me and it reminded me and I got
embarrassed

When I'd finished my tea I said I had to go, and asked Mrs. J for my dress, and
she pointed to a stool in the corner and I picked it up, and said bye to Mrs. J
and she got up with a strain and she kissed me on the cheek and thanked me and
told me to come in anytime, and wear whatever you like and she smiled.  Her
daughter took me to the front door and she said "aren't you going to dress
before you go?"  And I said it's just across the hall, and she just said  "bye",
and "Nice to meet you" and I said it was nice to meet her too.  And everything
was ok, and Mistress Josephine was pleased when she opened the door and found me
naked, and she pulled me to my knees before her in the lounge and played with my
nipples and told me to tell her everything.  She did correct me, in that I
should have offered to go with her and clean her daughters oven naked too, and I
told her I was sorry and that I didn't think, and she squeezed my face and told
me that it was true, but these things should be natural to a slave, she said she
doesn't want me to think, and I wont tell you details, but I do want to just say
that Mistress Josephine must have been pleased with me as she took me to the bed
and allowed me to please her and allowed me to make love with her beautiful body
and taste her and love her. 
And I do love her Mistress.  She told me that I have a lovely body and she
wishes me to show it to any females, of any age, it didn't matter, and she told
me that she is very happy and excited at the thought of her allowing any women
who wish, to use it, and that I must always remember that if any woman even
suggests that they might be interested in seeing, touching, fucking, licking
this body, or if they might wish me to suck, lick, or drink them then I must
always beg them to go ahead. And she asked me if I wanted to make her happy and
I said "More than anything
Mistress" and she asked me to ask the two young ladies in the office if they
would like to be Her observer of me while I am there, and to ask them to only
allow me to go to the toilet when they can accompany me, and then to always
undress completely for them and leave the door open while they watch me.  But
she told me to warn them that I am Their property and they mustn't damage Their
property and about getting them in the newspapers as lesbians.  She was
protecting me and I felt loved.  I was so happy being loved by my Mistress that
I thanked Her for allowing me to do it for Her. And she kissed me and told me to
tell them that as a thank you I was to beg them to let me drink their pee rather
than having to let them use the toilet.  I confess that at the time it was ok
that they might pee into me, but when I waited for her to arrive I was not so
happy, but now she doesn't seem to want to its ok.

I also have to tell you Mistress that Mistress Hannah and Mistress Josephine saw
your note to them, and they told me to tell you that they thing "It" is a
wonderful idea and that they like "Ivy" and that one of them would write you
from Miss Donna's flat when they are next there.  Mistress told me to tell you
about the hooks.  We have hooks in the ceilings in all the rooms and they tied
my wrists with my cuffs and pulled me up on each of them on Wednesday night and
left me hanging from one with just my toes touching the ground for nearly 15
minutes, until my calves really hurt with the strain of standing on tip toes,
while they watched TV. 
Mistress Allison sat at the side of me and occasionally used the horsewhip on me
just as she sat.
I have just come from Miss Beatrice.  This morning I gave her a note from Miss
Josephine, but she had visitors until a few minutes ago, and when I went in just
she told me to close the door and she held me to her side and stroked my bottom,
and told me that she knew about Sharon and wanted to know if I had drank her pee
yet, and I told her she had not asked me to, and she asked if I was happy having
three young women and I told her I wasn't sure what she meant, and I was a
little confused because she was pushing her finger in my bottom as she talked to
me.  She said "These two new conquests and our little Trisha" and I just said
"Yes Miss".  She told me she would have to try to watch them play with me
sometime, and she asked me if I'd like that, and I just said "Yes Miss".   By
then, she had undone my blouse and was playing with my nipples and my bottom,
just because I was there. I wanted her to though, and I wished she would fuck me
with her fingers like she does sometimes, but she didn't.  She took a phone
call, and then she said she would have to get Trisha to see some more outfits on
me soon and she asked me if I liked being naked for Trisha and I said I did. 
She said that Trisha liked to touch me too.  She took her finger from my bottom
and offered it to me to suck, and then she told me to dress as she was expecting
another visitor, and I came out.

Before She called me in, I was just going to say that My Mistresses were all
really pleased with the hooks Mistress.  They said they were for
'Special occasions'.


About those I have whored to Mistress.  There really has not been that many. 
You know about all of them, I have just thought through and it depends on what
makes them 'whoring'.  Certainly My Mistresses have had every pleasure with this
body.  And Miss Patricia and Miss T, both of them have both sucked my cunt and I
their pussies, but my Goddess has allowed me to kiss her pussy, but not wished
to kiss my cunt, Miss Trisha has touched me all over but I have not even touched
her much so she is not really.  Mistress Josephine's friend Miss Jackie has
sucked my cunt and I have been allowed to kiss her pussy, but again Miss
Beatrice has allowed me to 'delight' her, but though she fingers me a lot she
has not kissed my cunt ever.  It is difficult to say Mistress.  I hope you
understand, I am not trying to be awkward Mistress.  And as for my being my
Mistresses whore, and then if they wish it I am a whore, but I don't think they
see it that way, but if they do then I am happy.  Truly.   And I am sorry of my
reply was wrong originally.  I didn't mean to disagree with you; I just thought
you were joking.

Later today Miss Patricia is having me collected to go to her office. 
Miss Beatrice just phoned me to tell me, and she also asked me if Sharon had
made any demands on me, but she hasn't.  In a way I am glad that Mistress
Josephine had me talk to her, especially about them having to respect Their
property.  It makes me feel more loved, to know She wishes to see that I am not
harmed. 

I should go now and do some work.  I will check in after lunch before I go to
Miss Patricia and I will write later Mistress if I get back from Miss
Patricia's.

a whore  (just kidding) slave


Mistress

I am back from Miss Patricia, and the lady from the show was there.  The one
Miss Patricia knew in the line-up at her show. She is a bit older and very
tanned, almost brown (and she has been in the sun too much and she has wrinkles
from it, not just age lines), and she looked me up and down while she talked to
Miss Patricia (she spoke very posh, really accented) she turned me around and
looked me up and down and said I was "delightful, but her clothes - oh dear". 
Miss Patricia told her I was the "Submissive one" and that my owners (she used
that word) were happy to have me used for shows by selected and careful discrete
clients and she swore to my discretion, and they talked about the show.

I have to mention some things Mistress. 

Before the lady came in, her name was Mrs. Steinberg, Miss Patricia told me to
be delightfully compliant with her, as she could be ticket to my "little
Operation", and I have no idea what she was talking about and I still don't
because I am certain that my Mistresses would not want me to question about it,
but I am sort of worried.  Anyway, she told me to be especially nice and loving
and not passive to Mrs. Steinberg.  So that's why I was as I was.  It's not that
she was particularly beautiful.  But she was nice; I don't mean that she wasn't
nice.  She is very cultured.

They both sat around Miss Patricia's table talking and casually looking at me,
then Miss Patricia asked Mrs. Steinberg if she wanted to check out my body for
the show, and she said "Of course darling" (she kept calling her Darling) and
Miss Patricia told me to take off my clothes.

I took off my blouse and skirt and Miss Patricia asked her what range she wanted
for the show, and Mrs. Steinberg told her to sort something out, Mrs. Steinberg
looked at me, and I turned for her while Miss Patricia worked on her desk and
said "?10,000 alright? And Mrs. Steinberg just said; "Yes".  Miss Patricia said
she had some things to sort out and did Mrs. Steinberg mind if she excused
herself for a while, and Mrs. Steinberg said; "Of course not Darling" and Miss
Patricia left and closed the door.  

When Miss Patricia had gone Mrs. Steinberg asked me to come closer and she
touched my breasts and down over me, over my bottom and I turned for her again
and she ran her hand all over me. Including over my cunt.  She said I was a
darling and she put her hand back over my cunt and I opened my legs wide and she
put her fingers into me and I felt her rings rubbing against my thigh and she me
that I was a beautifully wet little thing (Mrs. Steinberg was about 5'10, really
tall). She took her hand away and said; "Now I'm all wet" and I said "Please
Miss may I clean your hand?" and she offered me her hand and I took it in my
hand and I licked her fingers.  She asked me "Do you want to make love with me?"
and initially I said Yes Please Miss" but she told me to tell her what I would
do to please her, and I told her, to kiss her body, all over, and caress her and
things, and at one point I called her vagina a pussy and she corrected me and
told me it was a vagina darling. I said sorry and she told me to carry on, and I
told her other things, then she stopped me and asked me if I was into anything
more interesting (all this time she was stroking me or pulling at my nipples),
and I said I was a willing submissive and I quickly added that my owners did not
allow me to be used with men, and she laughed at me and said "no more should
they (or something like that)" and she said they were "disgusting great things". 
She told me to get on the floor and she told me to take off her shoe, and when
it was off, she put her foot to my face and I held it and kissed it, and she
pushed it into my face and she said I was a delight and slipped her foot away
from me and put on her shoe again.  She stood up, and pulled my face into the
front of her skirt and rubbed my face against her and told me that we were going
to have a wonderful time together. I stroked up and down the outside of her
thighs as she held me to her.

She stopped pushing in the back of my head, but I carried on stroking her mound
with my nose and she asked me if there were any other special talents she should
know about, and I was at a loss, and afraid of what
I was going to say in case she didn't mean what I was thinking I said that she
may wish, if she wishes to, to use me for her toilet if she wishes and she
pulled my head so closely into her and said "water sports, how excellent", and
she pulled my face into her really hard.  She sat down again, told me to stand
and she pulled me to put my nipple to her mouth and sucked on it so hard, just
sucking and sucking with her hand squeezing my other tit and pulling at it.  I
ran my hands over her shoulders and down the sides of her face and felt the
front of her bra and I'm sure her nipples were over the cup.  They were very
hard and long.  
She stopped and told me she was getting 'decidedly uncomfortable'.  She told me
to dress and get Patricia, so I did.  Mrs. Steinberg told Miss Patricia that
everything is lovely and she will be in touch, and she told her where "Melissa"
would hold the party I have no idea who Melissa is Mistress), and Miss Patricia
just said it was ok, and they kissed and she left. 
Miss Patricia said that I had just made a very useful contact for my
Mistresses, and she wrote a note, put it in an envelope and gave it to me for My
Mistresses.

Miss Patricia had Julie drive me back, and I just got here.  And I have to
confess that I am a little worried about what this operation might be.  She said
it as if I should know but I don't.  They have never said anything about an
operation in front of me, but they still sometimes put the headphones on me
while they talk.  I know I can't ask them, because I am sure she was not
supposed to say, and I don't wish to get her into any trouble.  I really wish
she hadn't said anything about it.

It's strange now, here at the office.  When I am here I have so much free time
these days, not that I am here always or anything.  Yesterday I was busy all day
getting through the packaging and decal things for issue, but today I have just
been writing to you pretty well most of the time I've been at my table.

I will send this now, and see if any of the Ladies want a drink at all.

I will be back afterwards Mistress

slut slave
x

Monday, May 19

Mistress, I have to tell you that I have applied to officially be renamed to
"Sub Lesbienne". Mistress took me out yesterday and asked me if I wanted to be
renamed and I eventually begged her to let me.

She took me out, for me to make my decision, and she made it clear that it was
my decision, and she gave me three hours to decide, but actually
I didn't need three hours, but she insisted that I use all three hours.

She took me out, to an out of town shop, a sort of superstore with clothes and
furniture, and we had a late lunch together, and later we stopped for tea, and
we went for a walk in a park together.  She got me a pair of Miss Allison's
panties and one of her bra's, and one of Miss Pain's (I will explain the names
in a moment Mistress Sasha) t-shirts and a pair of her old dungarees (which were
far too big for me and I had to fold up the bottom of the legs about 4 times,
and tighten the shoulder straps as tight as they would go).  I was fully
dressed, it was about half past one, and I was so puzzled. She hadn't told me
what was going to happen, and to be honest I thought we were going to meet
someone, but she just took me out and we got a taxi from the stand to the Marks
store and she just told me, while we waited for the taxi, that for the next 3
hours I must be honest, and talk to her like an equal and a friend, and I can
ask her advice, and that she would be civil to me, and I should use her proper
name, Josephine.  When we got to Marks she said she was hungry and asked if I
was and so we went to the cafe, got our food and she opened her bag and took out
some papers for me to read.  They are Deed Poll Registration papers.  Mistress
asked me how happy in my role, and I told her I was very happy.  Actually I
called her Mistress and she corrected me and told me to call her Josephine,
because it may be the last time I ever call her that, but that it depended on
how things went over the next three hours, and she told me they wanted me to
change my name.
They didn't like any links to my old self and that I should lose my names, the
name Stephanie and lose any notion that I had a surname.  I just said something
like Yes Josephine, I understand, and she asked me if I really did, understand. 
She told me that we would talk about it until 5:00, and at 5:00 I should have
either signed the forms or torn them up and we would decide how things go from
here.  I didn't know what to say, she told me to read the forms, and she ordered
a glass of wine for both of us while I looked at them.

She talked me through them that I was applying to change my name by
Deed and the reason was to further and enhance my career (That's what was on the
form, or something like that) and she had entered my Job description as "Female
Stripper-Lesbian", and all of my dates were there, birth date, Driving license
renewal date, passport date.  And it was signed as witnesses by two signatures I
didn't know. Oh, and the First Name was "SUB" and the surname was "LESBIENNE". 
She asked me if I understood the forms, and I said I did, and she put them away
and said lets go, and she spent two hours walking and talking in the shop, and
we stopped for tea, and she asked me if I had any questions, and I asked her if
it wouldn't embarrass her to have someone with that name living with her, and
she said its not a name, just a description, but that she wouldn't be
embarrassed as no-one will know.  She said they will be arranging a mailbox
service for me so no one will know where I am, and I won't officially live
anywhere.  I asked her what if I didn't change my name, and she corrected me and
told me I was losing my name, and I had to appreciate that, but she told me that
it may change things, but we would have to see, and I was so confused, and once
when we stood in front of a wardrobe, with mirrors, I looked at her, standing
elegant beside me and I looked like a scruffy urchin beside her, and she held my
hand as we looked at each other, and I told her I wanted to sign, and she told
me to be patient, I did not have to decide until 5:00.  When we stopped for tea,
she pointed out to me that if I lost my name, the next time we were in that
coffee shop, if she told me to go and tell a woman who was sitting opposite me
(she was very attractive) who I was, I would have to tell her Sub, that you are
Sub Lesbienne.  She asked me how would I feel, and I didn't know.  To be
perfectly honest I just didn't know.  She told me that when I had a name badge
on for one of Miss Beatrice's events, it would say Sub Lesbienne. And I confess
that I was uncertain, and I shivered a little.

She hurried me up drinking my coffee, and petted my hair while I finished it,
and I felt so lovely I told her then that I wanted to sign, and she said in half
an hour.

We went out of the shop, and there was a little park area, with some playground
things, but it was quite chilly so no-one was there, and she sat me down and
asked if I had any more questions, and I asked her would everyone have to know,
and she said yes. If ever I told anyone that I had any other name but sub
lesbienne then I would be very seriously damaged. She took out the papers and
told me it was time to decide, but she told me that they all loved me, and that
they would still want me to stay with them, even if I did not sign. But I took
the papers and asked her if I might have a pen, and she told me there were other
changes, that ever after that I was to refer to her as Mistress, just that, not
Mistress Josephine, just Mistress, and Miss Allison was to be Miss Allison, and
Miss Hannah was to be Miss Pain, because she loved to watch and kiss me when I
was in pain.  If we were in open company I was to refer to each of them as Miss,
with no names or titles.  I said I understand, and she looked at her watch and
she held my hand, and said you have one more minute with a name, how does it
feel, and she squeezed my hand and smiled at me, then she kissed me, and she
gave me her pen and I signed it, first with Stephanie Xxxxxxxx, then with Sub
Lesbienne just below it.  Each side of the signatures was the completed witness
signatures, so Mistress took it from me and put it into a preaddressed envelope. 
She checked that my driving license and passport were in there, and there was a
cheque too.  She closed it, offered it to me to lick it sealed, and she told me
I would post it on the way back.

When we got back, Miss Allison and Miss Pain immediately asked if it had signed
and Mistress told them signed and posted, and she looked at me and told me to
take those ridiculous clothes off because clothes don't suit subs. 

I have to go, I am wanted, I will try to write more later

a sub lesbienne


Congratulations, sub!  I am proud of the way you have taken control over your
destiny and made a lasting commitment.  It is a sign of pure courage and love. 
I am proud of you.  Your dream life continues.

Mistress Sasha

Thursday, May 22

Mistress Sasha

I know I am not meant to bother you with incidentals, but I just had to tell
someone (and Goddess told me not to give details to my
Mistresses), last night Miss Donna took me out to a pub where the upstairs room
is a club, and on Wednesdays it is reserved for Bi and Les Ladies (its called
Xxxxxxxx) and last night she took me there and she kissed me in front of another
lady, and she fondled me too, while she was watching, and I felt embarrassed,
but oh so proud too.

That's all. I just wanted to tell someone.  She actually kissed me.

sub


I always had a feeling that Donna would come around.
She loves you dearly and so loves the attention and services you provide for
her.
Of course, expressing love in return is, for her, an admission that she is
turning away from men towards women.
Luckily you have taken upon yourself the servicing and pleasuring of all these
women as a full time Job.
Otherwise there would be no way you could handle it.
At least you know your mission in life.

Sasha

Thank you Mistress Sasha.  I don't know if Miss Donna loves me or not, but I was
very happy and proud that she wanted to kiss me in front of
Dandy, and I wanted to tell my Mistresses but Miss Donna insisted that I didn't. 
I know they would be proud of me.

sub   xxx

Dear sub,

Donna is just nervous and shy about having her feelings known.  It is akin to
the embarrassment someone feels when they have told everyone that they don't
like a certain type of food but then they secretly find out that they actually
do the more they partake of it.
It is also a matter of her coming to terms with her feelings as well, I would
imagine, a little bit of jealousy that you are the possession of her sister and
Mistress Josephine and not her solely.  Of course I might be way off base here. 
Being able to share a special individual such as yourself takes a certain degree
of maturity.  One is always tempted to covet a slave for ones self.  That
feeling might become stronger when people find out that you just can't be
duplicated.
Because everything about you is perfect, sub.  Even your transgressions,
slip-ups, and fears are perfect as well.  I am very proud of you and of what I
have had a small part in creating.

Mistress Sasha

Friday, May 23

Mistress Sasha

Please Mistress; know that you have had a major part in my allowing myself to
become what I am. In no way is your contribution a small part. Without you I
would never have known these highs, and also these lows (because there are some
lows - I am not stupid nor naive enough to not have expected there to be some
lows, and there are times when I just cry and cry, and its not really because I
am weak Mistress, truly it isn't. 
Sometimes, when I am left alone hanging, or worse when I am put out with the
rats for the night, I just get so thoughtful, and initially it is thoughts of
excitement sometimes, and sometimes thoughts of the pains, but sometimes I
wonder about what I have become.  But there is no position in the world I would
want to exchange for it.  I love them all,
Mistress, Miss, and Miss Allison and Goddess so much, and I love you.
Sometimes they talk about you and how you seduced Miss in the warehouse to spank
me and I remember how nervous I was and how so afraid I was that someone like
her could want to see me naked and touch me, and you goaded her, and made me do
it. 

Thank you Mistress.

Incidentally, please may I beg that these last few mails be kept in confidence
between us, please?  I know my Goddess would not want the others to know about
some of the details of what happened.  She told them about most if it, about me
dancing with the women and some of them feeling me, and about her touching me to
make Dandy believe that we were gay, but not about her kissing me.

I don't know what is going on in Goddess's head though Mistress.  She still has
me take her toilet in my hands rather than sitting on the toilet, when she is
here or when I am at her flat, and earlier this week she had me for a couple of
hours and it was my period and she made me remove my tampax and smear my - I
can't think what to call it - my blood and deposits - over my body while she
watched and masturbated herself.  But then she just took me back and as usually
she has someone to meet, or somewhere to go.

She and Mistress are quite close (I don't mean sexually at all, at least
I don't think so) but they often sit in the kitchen together just the two of
them, and Mistress has been around to Miss Donna's sometimes.

Mistress gave me the letter this morning to read which said that my
Deed application is being processed, and that until I receive notification I
should continue to use my old name, so that is going through.  That's something
that I have thought about a lot Mistress, and I do get frightened about it.  My
name will be Sub Lesbienne, for everyone to see, and that scares me a little.  I
know you said you were pleased for me, and that I should be proud, and I am,
truly I am, but it is also a little frightening.  It's like a last bridge being
burned, and I am, well, the truth is I am so afraid of what will happen if they
get bored with me. 
I have become much better, since we sent it off, at obeying.  Mistress and Miss
Allison have both said that I have, but I don't know that they have linked it. 
Miss Allison took me to the library a couple of days ago and she has before, and
previously she has had me undo my dress, but before I did I begged her not and
sometimes I just undid some (at her instruction), but this time, I did it
without question, and she was so pleased with me.  But I didn't want her to get
to be annoyed with me and talk to her mom and maybe they would get rid of me.

You see Mistress; things have changed a little in the flat.  Mistress and Miss
make love together sometimes, and Miss Allison sometimes (not often) goes with
Miss, and previously they have had me with them, but now sometimes they don't,
and they just go together and leave me bound, so they might get to the point
where they don't want me. 

They do still use me Mistress, all of them, almost every day, and sometimes more
than once. And Miss Allison still loves my 'sub juice' (that's what she calls
it) so I am really pleased about that.  One other thing that has changed is that
Mistress has decided that I shouldn't orgasm in the flat unless she says so. 
So, to be honest I am feeling a bit depressed at that.  I keep getting so close
and I have to beg them to stop, but I so don't want them to.  She says it will
make me a better sub for my new contacts and they will see how much they please
you when you do cum, but not everyone I have been with has wanted to make me cum
anyway, and Miss Patricia never does, and Miss Beatrice only does sometimes. Not
very often.

Now I have written too much again.  I just meant to let you know that what you
have done for me is much more than just a small part.  Truly, I know it is.  And
I wanted to thank you Mistress.

So thank you, from sub with love x


Dear sub,

I do understand everything you have written.  You are mature enough to know that
everything in life has its ups and downs.  I guess all you have to b able to do
is determine if the love and pleasure you are receiving is worth the price you
are paying.  And I would suppose the answer is a resounding yes.
As far as Goddess is concerned, I really feel she is trying to figure out her
own feelings.  She realizes she is becoming something that she has strongly
denied for a long time.
And I wouldn't worry about them getting tired of you.
Though you are an asset, albeit a much loved one, they do have the ability to
sell you.  I do feel that that would never happen because you are very much an
integral part of all their lives.  Your position in the household is what your
Mistresses determine it to be.  Their lives are also changing because they are
all now lesbians where none of them were just a few short months ago.  Never
forget the enormity of ALL the changes that have happened to EVERYBODY.  In
retrospect, the changes for Josephine, Hannah, and Allison are greater than
those to you because you secretly have always desired the position you are now
in.  They never knew such a life could exist and they are now always genesising,
feeling their way, and all learning as they go.  Quite truthfully, I am amazed
that everything has gone as smoothly as it has.  This I credit to my own
abilities to be there to offer counsel to them all if only to assure them that
it is all right to change.
And do not worry about orgasm deprivation.  Orgasms are rewards given to ones
such as you.  And you know about rewards. How special can they be if they are
given often and freely?  Being in your position, loved and shared by so many, is
quite the reward in that of itself.
And you never could say too much to me, sub. I am your outlet.  I am the one
delegate for you throughout all of this. I demand your honesty and will always
do everything to assure you are properly cared for.
Don't forget that.

Mistress Sasha

And there ends the letters from May, 2003.  I will try to have June's up as soon
as possible.  As always, I welcome your comments and your votes.




Dear Reader,
Here is yet another month of the life of Stephanie.  I really would like to
apologize for the delay in getting them all together.  I was just very busy and,
frankly, this relationship has drained me emotionally.
And I would like to thank every one of you who has
written to express your feelings about what has been happening to everyone
involved.
These letters are all still very real, as are the people in them.  As I did in
the May letters, I will re-introduce you to all the players involved.

Stephanie - Angel - The primary submissive
Josephine - The dominant Mistress and head of household
Hannah - 21-year-old co-worker of Stephanie and lover of Josephine
Beatrice - Angel's dominant boss at work
Allison - Josephine's 17-year-old daughter and budding young lesbian
Donna - Hannah's sister, also referred to as "Goddess" by Angel
Patricia - Close associate of Miss Beatrice in the lingerie business
Ronnie - teenaged friend of Allison
Trisha, Penny, Jane - Co-workers of Stephanie

And without any further ado, here is all the correspondence from June of this
year.

June 4

Mistress Sasha

I am so very sorry that I have not written to you and i beg you to forgive me.
It's just that so much has been happening and now that I am working for Miss
Patricia and Miss Beatrice I am not stationary very much and I don't always have
access to a pc where i am.  I am sorry Mistress, truly. 
I have missed writing to you.  Really I have.  I'm not allowed to have opinions
most of the time here and sometimes it's just nice to sort of talk about things
and that's how it feels when I write to you.

Please forgive me.  Please.  I have been punished. Mistress told me to tell you
how, but it wasn't just a normal punishment Mistress.  First, I was hung from
the hooks, upside down with my shoulders on the floor and Mistress used the cane
on my cunt and then over my anus and the line between my bottom cheeks. She only
ever canes me there so that it doesn't show.  Mistress, please believe me, she
truly was severe with me and she made my clitoris and lips so sore, I still
can't even touch them.
They are inflamed.  Mistress, the other punishment was later. She talked to me
when Miss Hannah and Miss had gone to bed.  I was still strung up, and she
pulled at my nipples and told me she had been saving something for me, and she
called Goddess and she came over really late.  Mistress left me with Miss Donna,
and I was left hanging, and Miss Donna leant down and kissed my cheek and told
me that she has a special present for me, and she took off her jeans and her
panties, and well she peed into me and then she told me that she was going to
shit into my mouth, and she looked at me but I couldn't say anything.  I love
her, you know I do, but that was something I just hadn't considered, and I
didn't want, not really. I was afraid that she might have had me do it before,
ages ago, but she always just let me put them into the toilet (you know she
poo's into my hands, don't you Mistress?) she just looked at me and smiled and
said it wont be long and she touched me and then she turned and crouched with
her bottom over my face and she took a long time, but then she did it Mistress
and she told me to eat it, and I did and I felt so dirty Mistress.  You see, I
was punished. In every way. She kissed my thigh and told me I was wonderful and
she took a paper bag off the table and lifted my head and put it over my head
and she went.

It took me ages, but I must have slept.  My legs really hurt, and my arms, they
were so stiff, and when they got up I head them, and sometimes one of them
touched my cunt and bottom and it hurt so, and later Mistress took the bag off
my head and showed it to me. It said "Do not touch. Toilet", and she asked me if
I had enjoyed myself last night and she laughed at me.

She let me down and put my clothes by the door and told me to wash my filthy
mouth then get out.
You will know Mistress, but my legs hurt from walking at first. They just ached
so, as if I had been running or something, and my cunt was sore as I moved. 
Honestly Mistress, I have been punished for being so remiss and not writing to
you.  Please forgive me.

I have Miss Beatrice's permission to write this.  Mistress gave me a note for
her, but I do have to meet someone else at 10:30 so I should close this just for
now, and she said that I will have to write more later when I get back.

I am sorry Mistress Sasha.  You know that don't you?  Please.

sub 

And i would like to offer you a kiss but i know Mistress said you were very
unhappy with me--
Mistress

My appointment is not coming today after all.  Miss Beatrice had a call from
Miss Patricia.

So I can write more to you ...  maybe make you like me again.?

I am nearly officially Sub Lesbienne. Mistress had a letter on Saturday to say
that as at 18 June the Deed would be 'read' (or something like that).  Last week
I had to go to the Police Station to bear witness to the application.  They sent
a form and I just had to present it and 2 passport photographs. I was so scared,
of what they might do or say.  The police were ok, but one laughed at me, at my
new name and said I must be kidding, but it was ok really. Miss Hannah went with
me, she was wonderful.

So I am soon not going to be Stephanie at all.  No Stephanie and no
Xxxxxxx, nothing.  Mistress says that my new name isn't a name at all, it's just
a description of what I am. She teased me when she took me to bed at the
weekend, about it.  Like 'What does it feel like to be a nobody, just a thing'
and she wants me to go to the library to get a card with my description to see
if they might want something.

I have been taken to the club a few times too, twice by Miss Donnas and once
with Miss Hannah.  Mandy really likes me, and she always fondles me and tells me
that i have a nice body to play with.
Miss Donnas and Miss Hannah both love the club, and Miss Hannah almost made love
to me while we danced.  She is really open about being sexual with me, not like
Miss Donnabie.  You know, about Miss Donnas, and what she did to me last night. 
I really couldn't believe that she would, not after this time.  I thought it was
just a threat, like when Mistress says she is going to drop me off naked
somewhere, but she actually did it. 
It's just a disgusting thought and I'm really afraid that she might just do that
now, that Mistress might have told her to.  And I don't want it, not really. But
I can't say that, and I don't want you to say that either Mistress please. 
Please don't say anything about that.  Please.

Can I tell you about something a bit nicer ... I was picked up by Miss Turner
again yesterday, to go through the arrangements for her party, its tomorrow. She
took me to her house and stripped me and had me
It's really warm here lately and Mistress has allowed me to wear a sarong. It
isn't see through but I wear it as a dress just over my tits and most of one
side is exposed most of the time because the over flap is only about 3 inches. 
It can be worn as a skirt (its got Velcro fastenings) but Mistress has had it as
a dress on me.  Anyway that's what I had on.  And as soon as she closed her
front door she pulled at it and threw it away and fondled me, and she pulled me
to her and she put her fingers into my bottom.  Later, we sat on the sofa, and
she had me pull her panties and tights off and I caressed her thighs and kissed
her pussy until she came for me, twice.
She told me that she was having the party in this room, and that there would be
8 of them, and I was to use the study to change in, and that Patricia had told
her I would wear whatever any of the girls wanted to see. 
All this time she was just cuddling me and stroking me while I played with her
pubes, then, all of a sudden she jumped up and told me to get dressed and she
did, and she said she'd forgotten the girls, and that they'd be home soon.  I
told her I would go, but she asked me if I had to, and I said I didn't, and she
said she promised that she would take me back (that is one of Miss Patricia's
things.  She always says either they take me back to Xxxxxx or she picks me up).

Anyway she told me to stay, that it would be alright, and when the girls were
dropped off they were lovely and said hi to me, and we played, all four of us,
we played games and I had a really nice time.  Every now and then, Miss Turner
fondled me under my sarong when they weren't looking.  It was exciting, to be
like that. With her sneaking touches.  I did keep my sarong together and made
sure the girls didn't see anything.  Once, we were in the kitchen, the door was
closed, and Miss Turner had her finger in my bottom and she was laughing about
it being a handle (well I was laughing too) and her older daughter came in, and
Miss Turner turned and stood right beside me and talked to her with her finger
still in my bottom.  She was there for a good two minutes and she kept giving me
'knowing' glances and squeezed my anus every now and then.

It was fun, a nice change.

The other ones I have been with lately a couple of times are Mrs.
Gxxxxxx and M.  They both like to play water sports with me. And, I know that
they are paying for me.  They are paying Miss Patricia, because I saw M. give
Miss Patricia an envelope and she in turn gave it to me to give to my Mistress,
and she opened it and it was lots of money.  I don't know how much, but there
was a lot.

Both times they have had me one picks me up, then we pick up the other, and go
to a hotel.  It's really nice, and the thing they showed me first was the bath,
a huge round part sunken bath.  It's enormous.  We all play with one another for
a while, but both times, they ended up hugging and fondling each other while one
sat on my face and the other rubbed her pussy on mine and when they came they
both peed on and into me.  In fact, they both pee a lot.  You know, a lot of
times, and they like to show each other when they pee on me, or when I drink
them.  When they are satisfied they just cuddle each other and ignore me, so I
shower myself and just wait for them to want me again. 

They have said that they like me, and they even said that they want to take me
on holiday with them.  I had to tell Miss Patricia and Mistress that the last
time I saw them.

I have two of Miss Patricia's parties this week, Miss Turner and another lady
who I was shown to but I don't know her name.  Miss Patricia didn't have me
strip for her, just had me go in wearing the one piece bathing costume.  She
looked nice, and Miss Patricia said she was going to be at the party too.  Miss
Patricia is expecting some big orders.  I hope she gets them.  She still likes
me to please her too, from time to time.

I can't think of anything else to tell you about Mistress.  If I do, I will
write more later.  Miss Beatrice says I am to be here all day now.

Sub


Mistress

Miss Beatrice had instructed me to write to you about what 'the lovely
Trisha' (that is Miss Beatrice's name for her) just did with me.  Miss Beatrice
returned from lunch and I saw Trisha go in to her, then about 10 minutes later
I got a call from Miss Beatrice to go in too.

They were both sitting on the sofa when I went in and Miss Beatrice told me to
close the door and come to them.  I have a short skirt - one of Miss', and a
vest of Miss Hannah's on.  Miss Beatrice got up and went to sit behind her desk,
and Trisha leant forward and undid my skirt and took it off me then pulled me to
sit next to her.  She turned slightly to face me, and she stroked my leg, from
my knee to my mons, just on the top of my leg, but I was still so excited. 
Trisha was just looking down at my leg as she did it and I opened my legs just a
little as she just ran her hand over my leg.  Neither of them said anything. 
She sat back and pulled my vest up over my head and folded it on the arm of the
sofa behind her, and she put her hand on my right tit and looked at me, and I
must have smiled at her, I'm sure I did, because she smiled at me and squeezed
slightly.  Then Miss Beatrice said something like "Oh I do love to see you two
together like this" and she got up and pulled a chair right in front of us, just
sitting back and watching us, and Trisha looked at me and her and at my body and
fondled my breast as we just sat there and I got more and more aroused.  It went
on for quite a long time, just like that, then Miss Beatrice leant forward and
pulled my legs apart and motioned me to lift my right leg over Trisha's leg and
I looked down and my pussy lips were open, wide open and still a little red. 
Miss Beatrice took Trisha's hand and moved it to the inside of my thigh and
Trisha smiled and said something like "Oh Beatrice" but she was giggling and she
moved her hand over me and just touched her finger between my lips and stroked
me with the length of her finger and I was so sore it was exquisite and so
painful.  She just carried on, and Miss Beatrice just sat back and watched. And
even though it hurt so, I pushed forward, onto her hand, but she moved it and
touched my tit again, just stroking me, then back to my pussy, over and love
like that.  I was in a real state Mistress.  Just so aroused.

Miss Beatrice's phone went and she answered it, and told us to go for the time
being, so I dressed and left with Trisha.  She just went back to her desk, but
she did smile at me.  Sharon gave me a daggers look, but she was on the phone
then, and since then I have come in here, in the downstairs room, so she has not
had chance to talk to me, so I know she will do something to me when I go back
up unless Miss Beatrice calls me in again.

I love being naked for Trisha, Mistress. She plays with me so innocently, just
touches and strokes, and she is so young and she seems to like to just touch me. 
She reminds me a little of Miss (Allison).  She still loves to lick me, and just
touch me and finger.  But she fingers my bottom too, and she does like to use
the strap on me, but only sometimes.  Generally it is all innocent, but so
lovely.

Miss Beatrice has told me in the past, that she wants to watch me being fisted
and she wants Trisha to be the one to do it.  But I really don't think she will. 
I know Sharon would, I haven't told her so of course, because I know she will do
it harshly, but I know she would.  But I love it with Trisha.  You know
something odd.  She never touches me when Miss Beatrice is not there.  Strange,
isn't it?

I hope you write back to me, just to acknowledge that I sent these, because
Mistress might ask me if you replied, and I am a little afraid of another caning
tonight.  I am truly still very sore and bruised there.
And I know that is pathetic of me. She might just slap me with the strap,
perhaps. She might ignore me and that would almost be worst, because she was not
happy with me this morning, and I have nothing really to tell her about today. 
She was expecting me to entertain again, but she (the lady whoever she was)
cancelled the meeting. She won't like that.

I have just sat here for about 20 minutes just wondering about what might
happen, and now Miss Beatrice has just called for me. I have to go
Mistress.

sub
--

Mistress,

Thank you so much for replying to me.  Mistress will know you have seen that I
wrote to you and so, I hope, she will be able not to hurt my lips and clitoris
again, not tonight, anyway.

Thank you Mistress

sub


Sub,
It was very nice and interesting to hear what happened in the office.  I am
getting an idea through your letters that Trisha might also be a sub to a minor
extent to Miss Beatrice.  Certainly not to the degree that you are.  Because I
did notice that she does things with you only in Beatrice's presence.  She might
be doing it on her behest or command.  But, then again, she might just get off
on being watched.  Think about it and perk your ears up to notice things along
that line.
Keep the faith.

Sasha

June 5

Mistress

I am sorry I have not written earlier Mistress.  I have been kept busy and I was
sent to the salon to tan again. 

You wrote about Trisha Mistress.  I am certain that she does not do it to be
seen doing ot Mistress.  I think it is because Miss Beatrice (and Miss Patricia
sometimes) tell her too.  It is always the same, that either we both go in
together and Miss Beatrice says "Why don't you take off her top for me Trisha"
and then they goad her into going further, prompting her all the time.  Or,
sometimes, Miss Beatrice calls her in first then me, and Trisha starts with
something as soon as I get in, but she looks to Miss Beatrice for approval when
she has done it. If you know what I mean.

Mistress was more pleased with me last night and she allowed Miss
Hannah to put cream on my cunt lips, as they were still a little too red and
inflamed. I just did the housework last night, and bathed Miss Hannah later.
Mistress sat with me for a while, in the kitchen, and told me that last night I
' thank her for my punishment, and I got on my knees and apologized to her, but
she said she understood as i did seem a little upset at the time, and she
laughed, and she stroked my hair.   At first I was scared that she might cane me
again, but then she was really happy.  Things are like that sometimes. 
Sometimes I am so scared of something and when it happens its not so bad, and
other times you just don't expect anything and its awful and so frightening.

I promise I will listen out for what Miss Beatrice says to Trisha.  I do
remember the previous time we were in together, Miss Beatrice and Trisha sat
together, side by side on the sofa.  I was sitting on a chair right in front of
them, and Miss Beatrice asked/told Trisha to push my legs apart, and then wider
and wider until they were right out to the side, and she asked/told Trisha to
pull my clit hood up so that they could see my clitoris. 
Miss Beatrice claimed she hadn't seen one before, and I'm sure Trisha hadn't. 
Anyway.  It was Miss Beatrice goading her into it, definately.  I don't mind
that she does though.  It's ok.  I like Trisha.

Anyway Mistress.  I have to go for a while.

I will be back later if I can.

Sub

Sasha

sorry about yesterday. we'd been out for a drink and id had too much. silly
bitch eh?

I was feeling bad cause of subs punishment but it wasn't my fault. I was only
the one who told Jo, i didn't hit it after all. i was feeling guilty, stupid eh.
but she was really upset when i got there, but like u said she probably likes it
all anyway.

went round there tonight but its got a show to do so it wasn't there. Jo was
fingering hans tits while i was there, she was topless!!!! Eh? nice sis eh?

anyway. don't worry abotu me Im fine and I have decided that she will have her
little pussy licked when i next see her.

lots of love

Donnas

Friday June 6

Mistress

I went to Mrs. T last night, for the show.  Miss Beatrice sent me in a taxi from
the office and when I got there (I still had my work clothes on) and she let me
in and took me into the den and she was in a sort of panic about the party. She
just babbled about having to get drinks ready and that I would have to help
serve the drinks, and she fussed about with the bag (I knew it was one of Miss
Patricia's bags) and she took things out and moved them about, then she took me
into her lounge and all of the furniture was arranged and she asked me if it
would be alright.  She was really in a state.  I suggested that I could get her
a drink and she said "Yes please".
When I got her a glass of wine - I didn't even ask her what she wanted, she
collapsed in a chair, pulled me down beside her and she cuddled me and kept
asking me if it all looked alright, and I assured that that it was fine, and
that everything was going to be ok. And she cuddled me and she did calm down.  I
stroked her breasts though her clothes and she called me a 'naughty girl', but
she laughed too.  We got the rest of the things ready then someone came to the
door and it was a lady with Ronnie (Mrs T's older daughter).  Mrs T told me
she'd got rid of her other daughter for the night with a sleep over, but that
Ronnie was staying because she didn't want to sleep over.  She asked me if that
was alright, and I told her it was. She worries about everything too much I
think.
Anyway, Mrs. T told Ronnie to keep out of the way tonight and keep quiet, and
after a while she got changed and her friends started to arrive.  I stayed in
the den at first, then Mrs. T called me out to serve drinks, and she introduced
me as "S" and told them that I was the girl who was going to model some of the
outfits.  She introduced me to everyone when I served them drinks.  There were 7
of them, all dressed very smartly. I was really out of place.

When they were all there, Mrs T handed round the catalogues to everyone and told
them that the items with stars were the ones she had to show, and the double
stars were the one's which could be modelled, then she read out a note (which I
know was from Miss Patricia) about how the model is there just to be a clothes
horse and they must feel free to have me wear whatever they wanted and just to
use me as they would a mannequin.  One of the women, who had started looking
through the catalogue, said something like "Well I will have another glass' and
I went to get her glass from her and she pointed to an outfit and told me to put
that on, but she wanted me to get the wine first.
The outfit was a bustier with half-cup bra and a thong, and I had started to
feel ok, but when I went to get the wine, and I know this is silly, but I was
nervous again, but when I went in with it on it was ok, and they were all
talking to each other, and they casually told me to try on other things as the
evening went on.  Nothing too revealing, well my nipples showed and my bottom,
but not like when Patricia is there.  I really enjoyed it, and I had a little
helper.
One time, when I went in the den, Ronnie was in there, and I told her
she should go to bed but she said she couldn't with all the noise, and she asked
if she could stay, and I said she could if she stayed quiet. 
But, the next time I went in to change she helped me, and put the outfit I took
off into the cleaning bag, and she commented, from then to the end, about the
outfits, how they looked pretty, or funny, as they were a nice color.
About half way through, Mrs. T came in the den and found Ronnie and she just
asked her of she was being good, and she said yes, then she asked me if she was
and I said she was fine and then she told me to make some coffee when I was next
out.
Anyway Mistress, it was fun.  And I still get a sexual high even from that, just
walking about serving drinks and just being there with just a bra and panties
on, or the swimming costumes, and Mrs T said that she had really done well with
orders, and everything went well so she was really pleased, but she was
exhausted.  I told her to rest and I folded the samples from the lounge and
packed them away, cleared the cups and glasses and generally tidied up, while
she sat and told me that it all went well.  I expected her to want me to please
her, but she was just collapsed on the sofa and asked me to put Ronnie to bed. 
Then she told me to get dressed in my clothes and then she called for a taxi to
take me back.

Mistress and Miss Hannah teased me about it, about Ronnie, but they were just
joking.  They were both really nice to me, but I didn't eat at all, and I wanted
to tell them but I didn't like to as they were being nice to me.  Miss Hannah
cuddled me on the chair while we watched TV even.

Miss Beatrice has called me in, write later.
Sub

Mistress
I have just come from Miss Beatrice and she came for me with my fingers while i
told her about Ronnie, that's all she wanted to know about, what Ronnie had
done, said, what she had seen, she reached her orgasm really quickly, just from
my fingers.  She had me go in and close the door, so I took my blouse off and
she told me to stand by her, and she asked me what had happened, and she fondled
me while I started to tell her, then I just mentioned Ronnie and she wanted to
know more, then she told me to get down, and I expected she wanted me to
'delight' her, but she held my head back when I had taken her panties down, and
she told me to use my fingers, because she wanted me to tell her while I played. 
That's why she didn't want me to lick her to cum I suppose. She asked me if
Ronnie had seen me nude, and if she had touched me (which she didn't) and if she
saw my vagina, but when I told her she hadn't, she said are you sure, and pushed
it until I had to admit she might have done when I was putting on a costume or
panties.  But it would only have been a glimpse, but she said it was lovely. 
She asked all about her, how tall she was and how old. And she called me a dirty
girl!  What happened to me was by accident and it was innocent. She had an
orgasm because of it.

I have to tell you about something else Mistress.  Last night, Mistress told me
that I was not going to be working for Miss Beatrice.  Apparently she can't have
a little slut with the name Sub Lesbienne on the payroll, so she will be
stopping my employment, though I will still come here sometimes, up to 3 days a
week, and the money which I was being paid will be added to that she pays to
Mistress for consulting. But she also told me that I will be working 2 days for
Miss Patricia at her offices or a shop (I don't know what shop, I didn't know
she had shops).

I have not had any dealings with Trisha Mistress, and Miss Beatrice didn't
mention her at all, but I will keep my ears open as you wished Mistress. 
Miss Beatrice is out now until this afternoon.  I have another show tonight
Mistress.  For another of Miss Patricia's friends, but this time Miss Patricia
is coming too. She is going to pick me up.

I have to man reception over lunch Mistress.  I will try to write more later.

sub
--

Weds, June 11

Mistress

I have been very busy, not at work, but otherwise Miss and so I have not been by
a PC for a while. That is why I have not been writing to you recently, and I
don't know how much time I will have today, as Miss Beatrice has been quite
demanding Mistress, and she is still here, and Sharon is also keeping me away
from my desk, but I will do what I can.
Well, I had a show on Friday, and Miss Patricia was there. She had me naked for
a lot of the time, and some of the women, she almost bullied them into touching
me, some in the room, and some in the kitchen when I was getting drinks.  She
even had me greet them in the room naked, with a tray of drinks and she just
told them to get used to me being naked as she wanted everyone to concentrate on
the outfits and not the model. 
One lady seemed to like me, especially, Nicola I think her name was.  She stayed
behind after most of the others had gone and she and Miss Patricia were talking
about me, about how I was a natural submissive, and Miss Patricia showed her by
telling me to kneel down, and then to stand and bend over.  All sorts of things,
but Nicola didn't touch me at all.

On Saturday morning Jackie came around and she and Mistress played with me for a
long time, until my arms really hurt. They didn't cane me though, just spanking,
and Miss Jackie fucked me with the smaller dildo, in my cunt and then in my
bottom.  It really hurt, but she did it anyway and she kept on and on and was
cross that I didn't orgasm, so Mistress
told me that as I was an ungrateful sub then I was not allowed to orgasm
for a week, but it wasn't by chioce Mistress, it just didn't do it.  I
mean I was very excited, once I was over the pain of it, but I just didn't
cum.  It wasn't my fault.  I knew why they didn't cane me, because when
she had gone Mistress told me that I was going to visit Mrs Greeaway and
she wanted me pristine.

Mistress went to visit her sister on Saturday and she took me with her,
and there was a boy there, a young boy (Mistress's nephew I presume),
and he kept looking at me all the time. I felt so uncomfortable. He also
took a picture of me when I was clearing up in the kitchen.  I told
Mistress he had, and she got him to give her a copy Mistress told me to
send it to you, he gave it to her on a diskette.

On sunday, Miss took me out, with Roberta. Miss Hannah drove us to a
Country park which is near here, and dropped us off and we spent ages
walking through the woods and I had to carry everything, and they make me
take my clothes off alot of the time, and when we stopped Roberta
palyed with me, goaded on my Miss.  On monday I was picked up By Melissa and
we went to a house, (I'm not sure if it was her house really, just some
things she was puzzled about when we were there).  I was with them
until 4:00.  They played all their games with me, and they were happy with
me I'm sure.
Yesterday, I was first taken to the clinic for more suntBeatriceing and then
Mistress came, when I came out of the sun room, and she and i went to
see someone about having my hair removed completely.  After that
Mistress took me home and she was so wonderful with me, and she called me
Stephanie, and she said there's just a week of me left. But she was really
nice to me all afternoon.

So, that is what has happened Mistress, I wanted to be sure to tell you
that. And if you don't mind I will send this now so that you at least do
know why I have not written, but I will start another pad and send that
later if I can.

sub
--
Mistress

I know you want to know about Trisha so I will start with her.  This morning,
Miss Beatrice had me in on my own first, for me to tell her about what she calls
my 'exploits'. but later she called Trisha in and I was naked, and Miss Beatrice
had me sit on Trisha's lap, so that both I and Trisha were facing her.  She had
me put my legs apart, each side of Trisha's, and she told Trisha to hold my
breasts, and then to fondle them and pull my nipples, and she did everything
straight away, until she said she was getting dead legs from me sitting on her.
She told me to stand next to Trisha and Miss Beatrice made a phone call, and
Trisha put her arm around my waist. 
Nothing much more happened Mistress, but Trisha didn't mind, but it isn't as
though Miss Beatrice really bosses her to do things, she just sort of tells her. 
But, I do think she is at least a bit sub, really.  When I look at her face she
is always smiling when we do things, which is not her normal way, she isn't
really a smiley sort generally.  Well she didn't used to be but there are times
now when she is more generally happy more often.  I'm sure she is a happier
person actually. So it might just be general.

The woman on Friday, Nicola, or it might have been Amanda, I am not
that sure now, well, anyway, she was very pretty and sexy.  She looked very
nicely at me when the show was on, but afterwards I was really sad that Miss
Patricia had me 'perform' like she did.  She had me on all fours, with just a
thong on for her, in the bathroom.  She hardly said anything, it was just Miss
Patricia talking about me and how submissive I was and she told her that I was
actually owned and she made up a story about me having told her I was owned, and
asking her to get new contacts. 
They left the bathroom together, with Nicola saying nothing, except something
like "very interesting" and I just waited there for Miss Patricia to call me,
and I did feel very cheap.

I have just had a call, will write more later Mistress

sub
--

Thurs, June 12

Mistress

Sorry I did not get back to you yesterday, I was tied up with things, not
literally tied, just busy, that's what I meant.

I was going to tell you about Mrs. Gxxxxx and M.  I really like going with them. 
They allow me time to myself.  Nothing cruel, just that they go off, or whatever
and make love or just talk between themselves, and they just ignore me, and I am
allowed to get myself drinks when I want.  The only stipulation is that I don't
talk well, that I don't make any noise. Well, they also don't allow me to put
anything on when I am with them, but that's ok anyway.
Once I've been played with, they usually walk away and I have to clean up and
shower when they are done, then I just wait for them to want me for something
again.  Mrs. Gxxxxxx is nice to me, she smiles and is sweet when she asks me to
do something but I don't think M. is so nice.  She isn't cruel or anything, but
she just isn't so nice when she tells me to do things. It's ok though.  Its not
that I mind, its just an observation. They are both married, I know that from
their conversations, but they do love each other too.  It's nice.

I've noticed that you don't write to me Mistress.  Am I boring you?  If I am
please tell me.  If you don't want to know about stupid little details or
whatever then just let me know please.  I'm afraid there is nothing more to say
about Trisha today.  Miss Beatrice had me in on my own this morning, and she was
just working, well, she played with me while she worked, but nothing intense.
And she never called Trisha in.

One thing. I think Sharon is maturing.  She doesn't play 'pranks' on me anymore,
well, neither of them do, they just take me into the store room or the
downstairs office and get me to do things, like show my pussy, and bend over and
show my bottom.  They don't steal my clothes anymore.

Last night Miss took me to her bed, she hasn't done that for a while, well, for
about 5 or 6 days.  It was lovely. She is so sweet and slim, and she caressed me
and licked me, but she didn't get me to cum because her mom has told both of
them that I'm not allowed to because I didn't please Jackie.  But I didn't mind.
It was still lovely.

I will send this now, so that Im sure you get one mail from me today, just in
case things get busy later. 

Thank you for not telling anyone that I hadn't written to you for a few days.  I
hope you understood why I hadn't. To tell you the truth I was a bit afraid you
might have told them again.

Thank you Mistress

Sub

sub,

you are correct in that I have not been writing as often as I have been very
busy.  But, rest assured, I do check my mail first thing and then a few times
during the day in hopes to hear from you.  Keeping up to speed with your life is
of primary importance to me for both my pleasure and to maintain the continuity
of my dairy.
And, yes, I had considered mentioning to your Mistresses that your letters seem
to flow more steadily when the memories and marks of punishment are fresher upon
your mind and body.  Isn't it interesting that, now that you are just a piece of
property, that punishments aren't just something deemed to make you wet?
I do wish that your Mistresses would write more often so I could have for
feedback from their side of the relationship but I know that they also are busy.
And, as I have said before, I do think that it is interesting that, having as
many different women to serve as you do, how different the likes and dislikes of
them all are.  Since personal pleasure is so often denied you by your primary
Mistresses, which of your other mistresses do you long to see the most
frequently so as to gain personal relief and satisfaction?
And I will expect to see that picture you mentioned by the beginning of the
coming week.  It will not bode well for you to displease me in this matter.

Mistress

Mistress
Thank you for writing to me Mistress, and I will attach the picture now, I had
already sent it I thought.  I am sorry Mistress, forgive me,
And thank you for not informing my Mistresses, and you are quite right Mistress. 
The time was when the punishments were part of sexual arousal, but, while there
are still spankings and strappings which are still sexual, for both them and me,
the actual punishments are much more serious and are not sexual, not at all.  I
fear the cane on my anus and cunt lips more than anything. More than, well more
than anything ever.
As for who I like to see Mistress.  I like it when Miss Beatrice has Trisha play
with me because sometimes she does it until i orgasm. As for the others, there
is no one really who worries about giving me an orgasm. 
Sometimes they happen, but none of the others really worry about it. And I don't
expect them to.
Normally Mistress and Misses do bring me to orgasm quite often, which is why it
is so much worse when she does not allow it.
Mistress, if allowed, I will mention that I wrote to you and will mention that
you said that you wished they might write to you.
Mistress, i have just looked at the picture. It isn't a very good picture. 
Mistress said it shows what a slut i am even in her sister's house, but it is
not a good picture at all. You can see that I am filling out again though. Not
so much of a stick insect now.

I will send this now, and thank you again Mistress for writing.  I am sorry you
are busy.


Sub,
I will offer you my sincerest thanks for sending me that picture of you.  you do
know that that is the first picture of yourself I have seen since you sent me
that office bio pic so long ago when we first
started those long years ago.
And it is good to hear that you are still allowed to orgasm frequently.  And
that your punishments are mixed.  And you should fear the cane, dear sub.  I
know how it feels myself and your fears are justified.
Of course you do know that I need to see more pictures of you.  Especially
showing off that tattoo that your Mistresses are so proud of.  So please, in the
next day or three, endeavour to pose for some nudes so that I may see it and
your shaved mons.  Your other option, of course, is that cane you fear so much. 
Fair enough?

Sasha

Friday June 13

Hello Mistress Sasha

This is Jo, how are you. Sub told me you wanted us to write you to let you know
how it is from our side of things, Well it is quite simply wonderful. Donnas is
here with me, we have been out for a pizza and she agrees with me that sub is
simply the best thing to have happened for us.

I just read your last mail to us again, you know the one about us getting it
flat chested. Well we are thinking the opposite way. Patricia has suggested a
bit of augmentation. She also says no mutilation, no tattooes or piercings, then
it is a more innocent look and so more popular.

I have sent Donna away while I write to you a little more personally and I hope
and trust that this part of our little communication will be private between us
only. Are you writing to Beatrice? If you are I do not want tis to reach her
even. The truth is that there is no one I can tell some things to. You see, I
have developed a love and need for sadism I am afraid. I love to see it scared,
and there are so many ways to scare it, either physically, or emotionally and I
just get so aroused seeing it in a panic, seeing its eyes open wide and its lips
taught over its teeth and it cries and sobs but never begs for mercy now and it
shakes. I can threaten it, not even do anything, just the threat of the cane is
enough to reduce it to a petrified wretch, and it is so arousing. I have only
really used the cane on it three times but now it is so afraid that just e
telling it to get it is enough. The other ways to scare it are to tell it to
sleep out in the yard. It used to beg me not to, but now it sobs and crawls out,
well it does not actually crawl but I am sure you know what I mean. The other
way is one I have only used twice but to see the panic in it when I did was so
beautiful. I told it maybe it wanted me to sell it. I told it that Patricia had
customers for it and that we could make a considerable amount of money from
selling it. It wimpered and begged to be forgiven and promised anything and the
last time i threatened to sell it it licked all of the souls of our shoes clean
as an act of repentance and it did not look me in the face again for a couple of
days until I told it to.

It is very good though. So very good, in every way. Sex is still wonderful from
it, for all of us. It is earning some money from some kinky friends of
Patricia's. She is an odd woman, Patricia. Have you written to her at all?
Strange woman! ! ! Han has it to herself tonight. She asked to have to solo time
with it and we all ned that from time to time. Allison is still in love with it
in a way. I thought that she and Han might have developed something but it has
not really happened. They both still love it, and Han has I believe develop
quite a love for me (and here I blush but I am afraid it is really true).

Allison has grown in confidence though you know. You would not recognize her
from six months ago. She is such a lovely girl you know. I am so proud of her
and in love with her.

Donnas here is such a strange girl in a way. She is so elegant, beautiful, sexy
and yet she has these rather strange tastes. I do not even try to understand her
but we are becoming friends.

Well, so that is us now. Write back Sasha, through sub though not here. I know I
can trust it not to read anything addressed to me, but I cannot say the same
about Donna.

Goodnight

Mistress Jo

Sasha: Hello!
Donna: hello sasha
Sasha: who is typing?
Donna: jo has gone im fraid
Donna: Donnas
Sasha: how are you dear?
Donna: she wrote to u
Donna: fine
Donna: u?
Sasha: I know I came in here to reply nd saw that you were on
Sasha: I am doing well.
Donna: was just surfing
Sasha: finding any interesting destinations?
Donna: nothing
Donna: just passing time
Sasha: you ought to be asleep
Donna: i know, can't go yet, feeling someting
Sasha: what are you feeling?
Donna: just feeling a bit strange
Sasha: but not unwell?
Donna: no, im fine thanks
Sasha: ok  good to hear
Donna: sorry about last time, i waspissed
Donna: im not tonight
Sasha: that is o.k.
Donna: did u have a nice dinner?
Sasha: it was good enough for a friday
Donna: we went out for a pizza, just jo and me
Donna: it was nice
Sasha: That is what she said.
Sasha: She likes you alot
Donna: i like her too
Donna: alot
Sasha: have you two been together yet?
Donna: she is so together
Donna: no
Sasha: but you wish it
Donna: she touched my leg tonight
Donna: i think so
Donna: thats why im feelin funny i think
Sasha: you have so much to learn, dear.  These feelings you are having are
natural.  You should give in to them, let go, and do everything your heart is
telling you to.
Donna: she didn't reallydo anthing tho. ive prepd a few guys but i can't with jo
Donna: its easy to get a guy going
Donna: but not with jo
Sasha: easy to get her going also.
Donna: sure
Sasha: may I make a suggestion?
Donna: yes
Sasha: don't proposition her.
Sasha: get alone with her, fall to your knees and offer yourself to her
submissively for her to use.
Donna: I wasn't thinking of that!!!!!!!!!!!
Sasha: and why weren't you?
Donna: well i am not the sub? remember?
Sasha: Yes but if you do as I suggested what you want to have happen will.  The
control will be handed over to someone you trust.  That way you can mentally
justify what happened because it wasn't you, so to speak
Donna: what if she wants to cane me . she can't do that i couldn't let her
Sasha: no pain, Donnas.  Just tell her that you wish to submissively give
yourself to her to give her the gift of your first lesbian experience.
Sasha: it's easiest if someone else causes it to happens and you just give it to
it.
Donna: it sounds so nice the way u say it, but if i said it she would laugh
Sasha: no.  she would know you are serious.  She is a serious woman now.
Sasha: tell her that you love her and that you wish to give yourself to her for
an evening for her to initiate you into girl/girl sex
Donna: I don't know if i LOVE her
Sasha: yes you do. 
Sasha: But love as a friend and mentor is still love.
Donna: ok, maybe that way i do
Donna: u want to know the other thing thats bothering me?
Donna: u there? or busy maybe
Sasha: I am here
Sasha: what is biothering you?
Donna: when i see jo touching han i think about it
Sasha: what is it you are thinking about?
Sasha: wishing she were touching you or you wish you weretouching han?
Donna: u know
Donna: what it would be like to touch her
Sasha: ok.  But there is an honesty and openess in that family that you may
avail yourself of, dear
Sasha: remembeer that everyone involved except it was straight at the begginning
of the year.
Sasha: Only honesty and openness has gotten them as far as they have come
Donna: they must have had thoughts tho
Donna: i never did
Donna: not really
Donna: not seriously
Sasha: thoughts are thoughts.  The will must be there to act on the thoughts.
Sasha: Most women never do.  Again,.  Honesty and openess
Donna: so when jo is next touching han i just go over and do the same
Donna: han will probably whack me
Donna: lol
Sasha: han never would.
Sasha: she might be surprised but she would understand
Donna: shes not called tiger for nothing
Sasha: theor whole existance has been one huge surprise for 6 months now.  One
more will not hurt them.
Donna: lol
Donna: you can say that
Sasha: thereis nothing wrong with being sexually attracted to your sister
Donna: there is
Donna: people don't do it
Sasha: you meant to say that uptight people don't do it.
Donna: most people
Sasha: you have to come to terms witht he fact that this relationship goes far
beyond the boundries of what most people would or would not do.
Sasha: admiting hidden desires is all right, sweetie.
Sasha: holding things in is what causes stress and ulcers
Donna: oh i don't want ulcers so i better pinch her nips when i next see thenm
then?  lololol
Sasha: what I would do were I you is to wait till they are all in a pile.  If
everyone is with everyone than who is to say what is or is not wrong?
Sasha: sure, you should.  You will never know anything until you do
Donna: they don't do that when im there
Donna: i don't know they do it when im not there
Sasha: AAsk to be invited.  But I would recommend something one on one first.
Sasha: maybe with Jo. Or ask to stay over and stay in han's bed.
Donna: i do 1 on 1 with sub
Sasha: maybe you, her and it.
Donna: nme han and sub?
Donna: in bed together???????
Sasha: sure.
Sasha: why not?
Donna: cos she is my sister
Donna: what do i say, hey sis i want to get u into bed tonight
Sasha: answer me one thing honestly, Donnas.  Whom do you want the most
sexually?  It, Jo, or Han?
Donna: ????????????????
Donna: it
Donna: i think
Donna: if i was to have 1 often it would be sub
Donna: she tries to please
Donna: but then
Sasha: continue
Donna: i want to touch han like jo does
Donna: she sits on their sofa and just opens her blouse and touches her
Donna: just like that
Donna: her tits
Donna: her big tits
Donna: lol
Sasha: talk it over with Han.  You owe it to her
Donna: i just don't have a fucking clue how i would even start
Donna: it doesn't work like that in england sash
Sasha: then get yourself into bed with her and it
Sasha: hey!  The US is a whole lot more repressed than tyhe UK
Sasha: what you have there would be very hardto do here
Donna: doesn't sound like it in ur house
Donna: lol
Donna: it would be easlier to do the sub bit for jo
Donna: fall to your knees and offer yourself to her submissively for her to use.
Donna: i wrote it down
Donna: ur busy and i gotta go to bed
Sasha: it would be eaiser with Jo
Donna: yes, thats what im saying
Sasha: but you have to want her as much, right?
Donna: i do, i think
Donna: its all too confusing
Sasha: then it should work.
Donna: ??????????????????????????????????
Sasha: life is confusing it you choose to actually live it, dear
Donna: what if she asks me to lick her pussy and i can't?
Sasha: you chose to and that is why.
Sasha: yoiu can and will.
Sasha: once you offer to give yourself to her, that means you are going to do it
because she would be the one in control.
Donna: and i would be a sub then?
Sasha: yes.  Submissively accepting the experience of what happens
Sasha: this way you couldn't back out.  It would happen as you want it to so
badly.
Donna: its all so black and white for u isn't it
Donna: i wish it was 4 me
Sasha: If life, dear there are two sides on the road.  Isn't  traveling in the
middle between the lanes the most dangerous>?
Sasha: now you will be hurt by both sides of the traffic while being a part of
neither
Donna: what about han and jo?
Donna: wont han be jealous or something
Sasha: not that it is black or white to me.  But you came to me for advice and
wisdom.
Donna: sorry i didn't mean anything by that
Sasha: I sincerely doubt han would be jealous.  She has matured beyond that.
Sasha: look at how they all share each other, Donnas.  Jealousy is not an issue
Donna: tell u what tho, she has always been a bit jealous of me tho
Sasha: STOP MAKING EXCUSES!
Donna: yes Miss lol
Sasha: you see the merits and joy in what they are doing.  You want to try it
all our for yourself.  Admit that openly and do it.
Donna: ok
Donna: i will try sasha
Sasha: or drive yourself crazy wondering what would have happened if you had
Donna: i will offer myself to jo
Donna: i will
Sasha: if you're gay, you're gay.  If you're bi, you're bi.  But you are 26 and
do owe it to yourself to find out, donj't you?
Donna: yes i do
Donna: god i need a drink
Sasha: good.  And whatever you turn out to be, accept it and enjoy it.
Sasha: I am sure you do.  But look how excited all this has made you.
Sasha: you know you want this to happen to you.
Donna: oh god i know
Sasha: you are probably typing with one hand
Donna: if she was here now id be there
Donna: mmmmmmmm maybe
Donna: lololol
Sasha: no maybes
Donna: i have one hand in my panites
Donna: there
Sasha: slut
Sasha: ?
Donna: too right, rofl
Sasha: well, you go diddle yourself to sleep thinking about what I said and
aboiut giving yourself to Jo.
Sasha: let her take control.  You just do what she says
Donna: ok sash
Donna: kissesssssssssssssssss
Sasha: and licks.
Donna: lol
Sasha: you do know that I could really have my way with ou, don't you?
Donna: come here and deal with this wet one
Donna: anytime sash
Sasha: and I mean that seriously.  You are more submisive that you know
Donna: sure
Sasha: and I mean that.
Donna: i don't think i am really
Sasha: get a handle on your desires, dear.  Once you do, figuing everything out
will be easy.
Sasha: be like a colorful balloon.  Go where the desires of the wind take you. 
Don't fight anything
Donna: thats my problem, too many desires lol
Sasha: no problem.  Just deal with them all
Sasha: deal with them.....
Sasha: once you do they will all sort themselves out
Donna: im sure it will
Donna: i should go to bed
Donna: i guess ur gone
Donna: nite
Yahoo! Messenger: Donna has signed out
Sasha: take care, dear.  Sweet dreams

My dearest Josephine,

I thank you for your letter.  And I will keep it just between you and I.  You
know, when I think about things, you are the one who has come the furthest out
of everyone, including it.
The reason why I say this is because look where you were in January.  A divorced
woman struggling to stay abreast of your teenaged daughter.  Now look at you. 
You are the Lesbian Alpha Female of an ever expanding group of lesbians.  You
are also responsible for a true slave, her livlihood, as well as pimping her to
earn more income. Your desires for sadism stem from many areas.  First off, it
is fun to actually have something you own that grovels before you of it's own
free will.  Making it jump satisfies an urge we all have to bully something and
have it cower at our feet.
Additionally you mentally feel that you need to constantly reinforce your Alpha
position with it because you are not the only one mating with them. (I have to
use those animal kingdom words here for simplicity)  In the wild, if you are the
alpha, you would have to always ride herd on your mate to keep it from being
taken by others.  Here you are renting it out to others and you subconsciously
feel the need to re-assert your position with it.  When you see it cower, you
feel powerful.  The power makes you feel sexually alive.  One downfall you get
into with the position you are in is that you sometimes can get innured to the
usual things because you are so fine tuned toward dominant sexual fetishes. 
Once you get used to spices in your dinner, you can get an addiction to more and
more spices, understand?
But to temper this need for pain you have your love of Hannah.  And that love is
returned.  Cling to that love, nourish it, and use it to curb your need to cause
fear in it.  You do know that you and Han ought to exchange vows, don't you?
And by the way, I had an interesting chat with Donna.
Confidentially, she wants to be with you sexually.
She is very nervous, which is why you are always getting mixed messages from
her.  I told her that she should offer herself submissively to you for you to
use sexually for an evening.  No pain.  Just an introduction to lesbianism.  But
if you were in control she couldn't chicken out and giving herself to you is a
way of preventing that.
I do also think that she is sexually attracted to her sister.  Some of it might
be wishing that it were you touching her the way you do Han but I do think that
she has some of the same sort of issues you do with Allison.  Secretly wanting
each other.  I don't know if you and Allison have ever consummated your
relationship but I have always thought that if you had, it would be the greatest
expression of love that there could be between two relations.  I feel the same
about Donnas and Hannah.
Digest all that, dear Josephine.  Relax and take pause to examine your feelings. 
Recognize how far you have come in such a short while.  You could teach classes
on domiance now, you know.  You are coming close to surpassing your teacher. 
Maybe, hand in hand, you and I can navigate the great unknown that is
beyond......

Lovingly,
Sasha

Monday June 16

Mistress

Mistress I have printed out the mail you sent to my Mistress and it is sealed in
an envelope for her this evening. I did let her know that you would like them to
write to you Mistress, does this mean that she did? 
She was out with Miss Donnas, she may have written from there.  But that is not
my business, I just want you to know that I did tell Mistress about your mail. 

I have news for you of Trisha and Miss Beatrice. She had me tell Trisha about
when I undressed for Ronnie - well she didn't name her, just that she was a
young girl, and she made me tell her that I undressed lots of times in front of
her, and she asked Trisha what she thought, and Trisha just said 'well she
undresses alot' or something like that, and Miss Beatrice said that she thought
it was beautiful just like when I am naked with Trisha.

This is my first day of 'not working' for Miss Beatrice.  On friday night she
had me in her office and told me that I should come in here today, because she
had an arrangement with Miss Patricia, but she was very sweet and she gave me a
glass of champagne, with Trisha and Doreen, like it was my leaving 'do' or
something.

I had a nice weekend.  I saw Mistress's ex husband and his new girlfriend when
they picked Miss up on Saturday.  She is really quite ugly, not just plain, but
she really isn't very pretty at all, but she is sexy in the way she dresses. I
can't imagine why he would leave my Mistress for her. My Mistress was with me
and she was just laughing at how silly he looked with a bimbo on his arm, but
she really isn't pretty enough to be a bimbo.  But we laughed about it anyway.
She never seems upset about it, about them having split up.
I didn't go and see anyone this weekend. Most of the time I was doing cleaning
and washing, but I don't mind that.  I had a lovely time with Miss Hannah,
though she did pull at my labia really very hard and for a long time, but she
was smiling when she did it so I was happy.  Mistress did send me to go over and
see Mrs J, and I sat with her for an hour or so, having a cup of tea.  She just
isn't phased at all when I go now, and she just accepts me being naked.  She
always rushes me into her flat but after that she just ignores that I am naked. 
She is very sweet.  I offered to clean her oven but she said it was ok just now,
but that she would let me know when it needed doing and she giggled. 

Well, I better go for now.  Sharon is here and she told me earlier that she
wants me to help her with a mailing.

Sub

Tuesday June 17

Sasha
I am writing this while they are all out. I will have sub type it up and send it
from Patricia's tomorrow. I prefer to write rather than type, leave the typing
to the slave eh?
I have to say that I think it a little unfair of you to say that I was
struggling with Allison, but I do know what you mean.
I am shocked with what you say about Donna and would be very surprised if
anything came of it, but I will keep you abreast of any developments.
Incidentally I am not in the least worried about my sadism to sub (and it is
quite fun for it to read this and have to type it to you.  mmmm). I KNOW it
loves to be here for us and if that includes a little pain then it will be here
for me to inflict a little pain, and when it gets a little pain I get a little
sexual thrill, just as I do when it sluts its little mouth on my pussy.  Don't
worry, my darling Sasha, everything is under control.

Only 2 days to go the stephanie is gone forever. Don't forget to send it a
goodbye card.  Allison (and this will be news to sub when she types it tomorrow
- maybe I will have it read it to me over breakfast before it goes to 'work'),
Allison wants to give it a party for its rebirth and we will have June 18th as
its new birthday. I am going to talk it through with the girls when they all get
in.

It's nice to have this time to myself. I'm sitting here with a glass of wine,
Tatu playing away on the stereo (yes I do listen to the girls music).

Oh, I've just thought of something else to let you and sub know about (Now it
just has to read this to me in the morning!!!!), we have decided that we have to
get its nipples fixed. Patricia has been investigating and its a simple op to
reverse inverted nips and Patricia thinks it will be a boon, so we are checking
for clinics and costs.

Ohhhh I can't wait for it to read this to me to see its little face when it
learns our plans.

Lovingly
Josephine

Mistress

I am at Miss Patricia's offices today.  I have just typed and sent a letter to
you from my Mistress, She gave it to me last night to read and when I read that
she was going to spend some of their money on fixing my nipples I was so pleased
Mistress.  I cried. I have always hated my nipples for being inverted, and now
they wont be. Mistress told me that she thought i might have been upset but I
wasn't, not at all, I think it is a beautiful thing and Miss said it could be my
birthday present.  Miss Hannah, well they all, were talking about enlarging my
breasts while they were doing it and they talked about that while my Mistress
hugged me.  I felt so warm and cared for Mistress.  It was lovely.  I am very
lucky.  Perhaps the luckiest person in the world.  My Mistress even asked me if
I thought my breasts should be enlarged, and when I said "That is for you to
decide Mistress", she hugged me even closer and just smiled at me and told me
that I knew my place and she told me I was precious.

My Mistress said I might talk to you about the contents of the letter except
about Miss Donna, so I wanted to talk to you about the pain things and what She
said in Her letter.  She is right Mistress.  I am here for Her, for all of them,
and if what they wish to do is to inflict pain on me then I will be here for
that.  They can do anything to me and I will never complain, Never.  I will
thank them, forever, for whatever they do to me. And sometimes the pain is
sexually exciting for me, really it is.  It's only sometimes that the pain takes
over from the excitement - mostly it is the fear of the pain that is worse than
the pain itself. And my cunt lips do bruise easily from the cane, but i know
that Mistress does not want to mark me, so she is also being thoughtful of me
when she canes me there and not on my tits or back.

I just wanted to let you know how I feel Mistress. 

Today is my last day.  That's what Miss Hannah said to me this morning when she
woke up.  She asked me what it felt like, and I didn't really have any feelings
about it.  I haven't really used my stephanie name much in about a month for
anything so it really wont make any difference. Oh I know there will be times
when it will be embarrassing to tell people my name, but I am protected from
that.  These days I am introduced usually, and then its just as 's'. 

They had the final papers through yesterday, there was a copy of the deed, it is
on the fridge in Mistress's flat now.  From tomorrow i can legally sign myself
as Miss S Lesbienne.  It's weird, isn't it.  Mistress has told me that I am not
going to be allowed to get a driving license or a passport.  The forms said that
I had to apply for replacements but Mistress told me i would not need them.

Miss Patricia has just arrived - i heard her voice in the cutting room - so I
should go.  I really don't know what i am supposed to do here really.

Sub

Happy Birthday, sub!

Stephanie is gone.  Disappeared, dead, if you will.  I just wanted to
congratulate you on the successful assumption of a totally new life and
existence.  You have taken that final step that less than 1% of submissives out
there ever embark on, the total loss
of one's former identity and life.
You are now nothing.  A non-person. A piece of property to be used as your
owners see fit.  You have no job, no money, no credit, no car, no home, no
friends, no relatives, and no purpose other than to be a sexual tool and servant
for your owners.  And make sure you put every effort into serving them to the
best of your ability.  Your life depends on them now.
You live at their whim.  And I can tell you honestly that there is a market for
property such as yourself should they ever decide to tire of you.  You are worth
a lot of money in this market, certainly close to six figures for the right
customer.  And consider that most of these customers are men who care not a whit
that you are a lesbian.  You preference would be that of your owner.  You are
lucky your current owners are lesbians like you.  So take care not to ever tempt
your Mistresses to take that final step and sell you.
Welcome to your new life, sub.  A life of servitude, pleasure, and pain.
You will do well.  Your Mistresses love you dearly and
I have helped to train you well.  I await your continuing diary of your new
existence.

Mistress Sasha

Weds June 18


Mistress

I had thought to tell you about last night, but I have read your mail from
yesterday and I know what I have to tell you.

It is something about which I have thought a lot about, especially in the last 4
weeks or so.

In my dreams, I imagine a time when I am too old to serve them sexually and
Mistress Jo will retain me as a companion or servant.  I know that Miss Allison
and Miss Hannah will still be young and beautiful and vibrant and will not want
me.  But perhaps, just perhaps (n my dreams at least) Mistress Jo will keep me,
in some capacity.  A cook, or housekeeper perhaps.

But, Mistress, I am not stupid or naive, and my Mistress has made it clear that
she can sell me, and I know that she can, and I do know that my salability is
not due to my looks, which are merely average, nor due to my body, which is
uninspiring (I know that), and it is not due to the fact that I am lesbian,
because there are many of us about.

No.  The reason she would be able to make some money out of this 'thing' that I
have become, is my tolerance of willingness to endure pain.  I do know there are
sadists and I know there are some very wealthy people who are perhaps bored with
the mundane who would be prepared to pay a lot of money for something different. 
And what I am is that something different.

Ms Beatrice has told my Mistress that with the proceeds of selling this sub, She
could buy a nice house and have money to retire on, and that is such a wonderful
thought, that I could serve Her in that way.

If She decided to sell me, then of course She will, and I will not react against
it.  I know I will be absolutely desolate. I know that.  I will cry and will
hurt so badly inside.  Hurt more than any beating could hurt.  But if it is Her
will then I will go, and they will get lots of money, and I have thought and
thought about what I would do.

I have had lots of time to myself; tied overnight, left outside in the yard in
the night and unable to sleep.  And of course at those times I think.  I used to
think of how I was feeling, but I now know that my Mistress does not want me to
think about my feelings, so I started to think of how I might please them more,
and of things I would do if She did sell me, or WHEN she does sell me.  I know
it will come, that one day She will sell me.  I have no reason to think that
there won't be a time when She might get bored with me, or perhaps She might
find another man or woman as a partner, and this sub would be an embarrassment. 
And so it will come, and this sub will be sold.

I thought about what I would do when it happens, and my initial thought was the
simplistic - that I would just kill myself, but there are two reasons why this
is a stupid notion.  One - I doubt that I have the self-control to be able to
actually cut my wrists, or gas myself or whatever.  Second, and more
importantly, if I were to kill myself then that would impact on them, and it
would not be their fault that this sub had been sold.  It would be mine, and
they might have to give back the money.  So I have decided - and this isn't a
snap decision or an unconsidered whim Mistress - I have decided that I would go
with my new owner, and beg and plead to be beaten, fucked, fisted, whipped,
kicked, everything. I can hide most of the extremes of pain Mistress.  I cry, of
course I cry, but even when my Mistress whipped my cunt lips with the cane last
time I never even mumbled for her to stop, even though it was more extreme pain
than I ever imagined.  My heart stopped momentarily when the cane whipped onto
me.  My whole body convulsed.  I pulled my shoulders off the floor with the
reaction my body had to each strike, but I didn't ask her to stop. I thanked
her.  Through sobs and whimpering and quiet screams as aftershocks of the pain
went through me. But I did manage to thank her.  And if I can summon whatever it
is that one summons to do that, then when my new owner starts to beat me, whip
me, or whatever they wish to do to this sub, I can ask them to do it harder, to
be more vicious. They would get their sexual kick or sadistic kick, and I would
keep goading them to do more and more and worse and worse, I would plead with
them to hit me harder, to fuck me deeper, anal fucking with something bigger and
deeper, whipping and batons, fists, knees ... and some time the bleeding would
come.  I expect it would be internal bleeding and I would then know that I am
dying and I would be happy.  I will die in pain - I know that.  I know that it
will not be pleasant or pain free and that it might well be a slow death but I
would have time to think about all that I had done for them, and how they had
said at various times that I served them well. I would think of the time that my
Mistress told me that she loved me, and that Miss Allison once said she would
always want me, and Miss Hannah telling you and I in chat in her warehouse that
she loved me, and I would smile, at least inside, and be happy in my mind at my
death.

I am not at all morbid about this Mistress.  It is just an escape.  A way out. 

I almost hope that my Mistress will take away almost all of my own will, She has
taken most away already:  They decide what I will wear when I go out, and I now
never question, not even in my own mind, I never question what I am dressed in. 
I eat what they leave for me, from my bowl on the floor.  I drink water only
when I am in their home, either from the tap or from their bladders.  I bend
when they tell me to, I open my legs when I am told, I do not talk unless I am
asked a question.  I am losing my own will, but this escape I have designed She
will not be able to take away from me.

And you are right.  I have no job, no money, no credit cards, no bank accounts,
no passport, no car, no friends, no relatives, BUT, what I do have that so few
others have, is Owners and I do have the will to try to please and serve them,
and I will always do as they tell me, and I will take whatever punishments they
wish to inflict on this body or this mind, and I will thank them for correcting
me.   And that way I will stave off the time when they wish to sell me. 

And now I am crying with the thought of me losing them.  Forgive me
Mistress

from sub lesbienne

proud to be owned by Mistress Jo, Miss Allison and Miss Hannah

sub,

I understand your feeling that you have to prepare yourself for when your lovely
life will end.  One thing you must remember that even though your will is being
taken from you, maintain your self esteem.
Do not forget that what you are and what you do is something rare and beautiful. 
And what you do you do better than anyone else out there.  Yes, this fact does
raise your value on the street but it also gives your Mistresses good reason to
keep you.  So continue to persevere and serve and your life will remain as
magical as it has been.
Also remember that, as big a part your Mistresses are to your life, you are as
big a part in their lives.
They would have more regrets over losing you than you them.  Really.  A sub such
as yourself comes along only once in many lifetimes.  Believe it!  You are much
harder to replace than they are.
All of you have assumed your proper roles, sub.  But the love that created the
relationship remains.  So sleep easy in that thought.
And please don't think that Mistress Sasha will let you lose all your will and
identity.  No one wants you mindless.
You always have been and will be the perfect sub.

Mistress Sasha

Mistress Josephine,

Just a thought here.  Call it a whim.  Remember how a few months ago I suggested
having a tea every two weeks or so where it could express itself as a person?
Well, I know your reasons for not doing that and I agree with them.  What I do
suggest is to, every two weeks or so, devote a day where all you Mistresses
devote yourselves to showing it how deeply you do care for it.
When you look at slavery.  You realize that slaves were occasionally given days
off.  And Masters do take time to walk, pet, and pay attention to their dogs.  I
would recommend figuring out a way that you can show it how you do care for it
and appreciate it's unerring devotion to you all.  Especially since it is away
often servicing others.
This is all in an effort to maintain it's mental health.  It's one thing to be
able to turn it into something mindless and to take away all choices from it. 
But we do want to remember that it does have a keen mind and part of overall
health is to keep that mind sharp.
One wouldn't want as fine a jewel as it to lose it's luster, would we?
A Mistress must be able to provide the assurance to a slave that it is
performing well and that all it's efforts are sincerely appreciated.  This only
serves to make the slave strive harder to serve.
Just a suggestion that comes from me and not from it.

Lovingly,
Mistress Sasha

Mistress

Please forgive me for this, but I have seen your reply to me, and for what you
have said I am (as always) grateful to you for your kindness, but I have also
seen that you have written again to Mistress.

I fear that this second mail to Mistress might refer to my mail to you earlier,
and I do not wish them to know of those thoughts I have had. 
Please, Mistress, forgive me, but that mail was between You and I, please. 
Allow me to have this secret from my Mistresses please, as I fear that it might
cause them distress, but it shouldn't.  If and when they have finished with me
then it should not matter what happens to this body, and I would not wish them
to have any doubts about what they decide. 

It is like when we buy and eat sausages.  We buy them and eat them, and enjoy
them, without thought for the events which led up to the creation of the
sausage.  The death of the pig, it's slaughter, the bleeding of its carcass. 
All of that does not enter our consciousness when we decide to eat it. 

Similarly, I don't want what may happen to this body to be in their
consciousness when they think about selling me. 

Please forgive me Mistress but I beg of you to allow me to delete your second
mail, and not to have to give it to Mistress Jo.

Please forgive and understand Mistress.  I have already printed out your first
mail this morning.  It is safely in a sealed envelope and will of course give
that to Her.


Sub, Give her the letter, sub.  You are safe.  Your letter was not mentioned. 
Your secrets are safe with me

Sasha

Thursday June 19


Mistress

I am sorry that I doubted you.  Of course I will print your last mail for
Mistress Jo and give it to her.  I am going from here at lunchtime so I will see
her then.  Thank you for understanding what I meant and not being cross with me
for having withheld your mail. I will never doubt you again, nor question
whether I should forward your mails.

Last night I gave Mistress your first note from yesterday, and she gave me just
this note to type to you:

"Sasha my love,
That's further than I am thinking at the moment, but you're right Patricia does
know some contacts.
I'll write more tomorrow.
Jo"

Yesterday, Ms. Beatrice was upset with me, well she was quite angry for a while. 
I just didn't understand her instructions, and now she has explained I will be
good. 
She told me to 'be nice' to a guest she had yesterday.  Carey had dressed me in
a micro mini lycra skirt, a G string, and a bra type top (but it wasn't padded
at all like a normal bra - more like a very brief top than a bra really).  She
told me before the woman came, her name was Margie, that I was to be nice to
her, and when she came I asked her if she wanted a coffee, and I offered her a
seat in Ms Beatrice's room, and they sat and I just stood by and they talked
about the collection. After a while, Ms Beatrice excused us and she took me
outside, and she told me that I must stop being such a priggish little thing and
she told me to be nice to Margie and she told me, quite plainly, that she meant
that I must flaunt myself at her and fuss over her and when Ms Beatrice excused
herself the next time I must engage Margie and try to see if she wants to touch
me, and if she put her hand on my I must move her hand to my breasts, pussy or
bottom. She was really quite cross with me.

What surprised me was the way Ms Beatrice talked to me.  Normally she had been
just very matter of fact about me and to me, but yesterday she pushed me against
the wall outside of her office and she started poking me and saying "I don't
know why YOU think you are here but I know that you are here to help me interest
customers in my ranges and in fucking you for a few hours. I want her leaving
here feeling that you want her to fuck you, and she asked me if I understood and
I told her I did, but she went on and on about how I was to behave. I was also
to ask Margaret if she would allow me to demonstrate some of the outfits too,
whenever she was interested in anything I'd had on before.  She told me I was
just an entertainment and that Margie's shops could be a ?200,000 order and she
told me to "sell it".

Afterwards Ms Beatrice was ok with me though, but she says I have to have some
deportment training, because I don't sit upright, or stand properly, and she
said that they have to get my nipples fixed and maybe die my hair.

I am Ms Sub Lesbienne.  It's a pretty name isn't it? At one point when they were
discussing it I might have been Slut or Slutty, and while they are accurate they
are not as pretty in the way they sound are they.  Not that it matters, I was
just doodling my name for a minute. Actually, Mistress says it isn't a name, it
is just a description.  So I was doodling my description.

There is a delivery I have to help with.  I will write later maybe, or tomorrow. 
This afternoon Mistress is taking me shopping with her.

Sub

Friday June 20

Mistress

This may be a long mail, and it may be interrupted, as Corey will want me to
help her with some things during the day.

Yesterday, my Mistress told me to write down everything that had happened
yesterday so that you know 'how things are' and so that I remember it and 'stop
being a stupid sub'.

Mistress picked me up from Ms Beatrice's offices yesterday, and we went to go
shopping for some clothes for Her, and I gave Her your mail from the day before,
but she put it into Her bag and we went out.  We bought some things for Her and
then she stopped for coffee and got me a water, and when we had sat down she
opened your mail and read it, and she asked me what I had told you. And I didn't
understand, and I told her that I had just told you about things that happen to
me outside of the house, and she said you must have told her more, and I said I
did mention some other things and she started to get angry with me, and she told
me that I had to tell her, and that she knows I had said something else, because
one day you (Mistress Sasha) had said that she should pimp this pain sub to the
world and then she says something completely different. She wanted to go back to
Ms Beatrice's office to look at my mail, and I had to tell her that I don't keep
my sent mail, so she told me to tell her.  I begged her to not have me tell her,
but she got up and told me we were going back.

She didn't talk to me all the way back, and once inside, I stripped and just
stood and waited while she put her things down and took off her shoes.  She took
me into the lounge, she sat and she held my hands and told me something like:
(It might not be exact Mistress)
"Sub. You are not allowed any secrets from me. You just don't have the place
anymore to have any secrets from me. You are mine, physically and mentally.
There isn't anything else for you but to be here with us. So you just cannot
allow yourself to think for a moment that you can have secrets.  If you want me
to I will have great pleasure in caning it out of you. But you will tell me
everything. It is your choice".  And I asked her if I may speak, and she said
that I would have to in order to tell her what it was that I had said to you,
and I asked, no I begged her that it wasn't anything disrespectful to Her or
Miss Hannah, or to anyone, it was just me letting you know something that really
doesn't matter.
She told me that I don't have any right to decide what matters, and she asked me
if I wanted the cane on my cunt, and I got to my knees and begged her that I
didn't, and I said please lots of times, and she just said, "So, you will tell
me everything" and I did.  I told her that it was about what I would do when she
sold me, and that I would be a good pain sub to a sadist, but she said that
wasn't enough, that it didn't explain why you (Mistress Sasha) had changed the
way you talked about me and she told me to get the cane.
I did, I went into the bedroom and got it, and handed it to her and knelt down
again and asked her if I may tell her more, and she said yes, so I told her that
I had talked about the fact that when I was sold, I would beg my new owners to
beat me until I died.
And this but I am going to remember as best I can Mistress but I was crying and
I don't know why I was because she hadn't hit me then, but she dropped the cane
and looked puzzled or troubled, I wasn't sure, but she took my hands in hers and
said "You don't really want that much pain do you?" and I swear she looked
worried.  I told her that I didn't want it, I really told her that I didn't, not
at all. I didn't want her to think that I did, and so I told her - but I was
crying when I did, and she just looked at me and listened so patiently, anyway
Mistress, I told her that if she sold me, and if I lost them then it just
wouldn't matter what happened to this body and that I had told you that and that
was why you might have changed.

I was sobbing and looking down at my knees and she still had my hands in hers,
and she pulled me forward and kissed me and told me that she loved me and that
Allison and Hannah love me and unless I am very stupid. I will not be sold, and
I just looked at her, and she said 'never. 
Even if i ever did get bored of you - which i wont - Allison has said if she
ever leaves home she wants to take you with her so you are ours now. And she
said 'Forever'. And I fell forward and kissed her hands and I cried and cried
and said Thank You Mistress, Thank you, over and over. Then she stood up, still
holding my hands and she took me into the bedroom and she told me to undress her
and she laid me down on the bed, and she touched me between my legs and she told
me I was loved and she fingered me over and over, and inside of me, and when I
was really so close she bent over and kissed my cunt and I came in such a flush. 
I was burning inside and i had such an orgasm. I don't know how long it had been
since I was last allowed to orgasm but this was so special Mistress, so
complete, and so many, all at once. I came and came on her lovely face and I
knew i shouldn't but I couldn't stop and I came for so long and I was exhausted
and sweaty and horrid and just closed my eyes for a
moment, but it must have been more than a moment because then she was slapping
my face with her beautiful breasts and then I made love to her over and over. 
It was wonderful. She slapped me and pinched me as she came on my mouth,
squirting her lovely juices in my mouth and over my face as she came, and once
she told me to go and get the cane, and Mistress I wasn't afraid, I wanted her
to whip me with it, even though it hurts. I wanted her to be happy with me and
she has told me in the past that she likes to whip me.  I held it out for her,
and I said "Whip me please Mistress" I was so happy, and she smiled at me and
told me to lay down at the edge of the bed, and she got off the bed and whipped
me quite hard on my cunt lips, but not onto my clitoris, and as she did it she
told me that I must never keep my doubts to myself, I said; no, Mistress, and
she whipped me again twice, then she sat on my face and I sucked her and played
with her breasts and she came so wonderfully for me. 
It was so beautiful, and it was her turn to collapse and I kissed all of her as
she lay there, sort of asleep, and I whipered "Thank you Mistress" as I did. 
And I kissed every inch of her beautiful body, her knees her feet, her toes,
everywhere.  She didn't open her eyes at all, but she did smile when I kissed
her eyebrows.

Hannah came in, I heard her, so I got off the bed and I covered my
Mistress with the sheet, but she sat up and when Miss Hannah came in, she told
her "Han, tell sub how much you love her", and Miss Hannah just looked puzzled,
and she sat on the edge of the bed and asked why, but Mistress just said "Tell
her" (and she did say 'Her') and Miss Hannah said "I love her as much as I love
you" to Mistress.  Mistress told her to tell me, so Miss Hannah got up and she
came to me and she just held my arms and she told me "I love you sub", and
Mistress asked her "Do you want to lose her?" and Miss Hannah said "No" and
Why?, and Mistress just told her to tell me and she looked at me again and said
"I don't want to lose you sub, you can't leave, you belong to us" and she
sounded really upset and she gripped my arms tighter, but Mistress asked Miss
Hannah to go out and when she had gone Mistress said to me "You see sub how much
you mean to us?" and I said yes Mistress, and she told me to stop thinking of
anyone but Her abusing my body to extremes, and she smiled at me and I smiled
back, then she told me to go and get drinks for her and Miss Hannah.

When I got back in, Miss Hannah was naked, and Mistress told me She had told
Miss Hannah that I had had some doubts about whether they still wanted me, so
she had to show me how much she loved me, and Miss Hannah said she wanted to
fist me until I came, and she sat me on the edge of the bed, pushed me backwards
till I was laying down,, she pulled me knees up high and I held them and she
worked her fingers at my cunt, opening me up, and pushing until I felt myself
open to her and she put her hand into me, and slid it in and out of my cunt, and
I could feel her hand and arm, and my lips being drawn in and out with her arm
and I was pushing against her arm and then Mistress took one of my hands away
and she pulled my leg out of the way and she leant down and kissed my clit with
Miss Hannah's hand inside of me and I came again and again.  I was unaware of
anything except my cunt, and how it hurt and was being pleasured and stretched
and kissed and everything about me was my cunt and the feelings I was having
there and the orgasms became almost painful but they were beautiful and they
didn't stop and then I lost myself in it all, and the next thing was Miss
Hannah, holding my face and telling me she needed to pee and she sat on me and
she peed her beautiful urine into me. Part of her was becoming part of me and it
was so beautiful Mistress. She stayed on me and she let me lick her beautiful
hairy pussy, and suck her and she pushed down on me and rubbed her beautiful
lips over my face until she came.  She dropped back across me, and rolled off me
and I turned to her and her bottom was at my face and I held her soft round
cheeks in my hands and she pushed back against me and I held them open and
tasted the sweat and licked it from between her cheeks and I kissed and licked
her lovely star and Mistress stroked my hair as I licked and tried to taste my
lovely Miss Hannah.

Mistress, I was so deliriously and completely happy, I knew I didn't deserve
them, I should not be given so much pleasure, I don't deserve it, but they were
happy with me, they both said they loved Me!

I couldn't be happier Mistress.  I just couldn't.

When Miss Hannah had calmed, she sat up and I did too, and while my
Mistress dressed Miss Hannah pulled at my nipples and twisted them in her
fingers while she talked to Mistress. 

I have just remembered.  Mistress asked me to ask you to send her a copy of the
mail I sent you, and she asked me to please try to ensure that you sent the
whole thing, and I would very much like you to please Mistress.

I will send this now Mistress, but I will write more later.

Sub

Josephine,

Just got it's letter about last night.  She couldn't be happier.  And as long as
those feelings are pushed to the forefront every so often, I feel that you will
get better service from it.
Believe me when I say I haven't changed my tone.  I still feel that if you
embarked on the plan I had to start your own company you would all have fun and
make money from it.  But what I wrote you had been growing on my mind for a
while since this relationship has become more and more formalized.  I have been
on the lookout for it showing signs that it was apathetic to it's situation and
future.  Every now and then a pet must be, well, petted, to remind it how it is
loved, even though it's life of service might be hard.  And it is so easy for
all of us to become trapped, if you will, in our roles to the point that we
could never cross a line.
You and Hannah did wonderfully and now, it knowing how much you care, you can
continue to use and abuse it. Mustn't let it get too used to soft, mushy
feelings, can we?
Here is what it wrote: (reprinted sub's letter from June 18)

Sasha

Sasha
This is Josephine. I was in town and I called in to see if you had sent that
mail yet, and I have just read what it wrote and i had to send it out because i
was in tears at what it wrote and it writes so beautifully and about it dying in
pain but it doesn't matter if it is in pain because it had lost us.
It is the most beautiful thing i have ever read. i shall keep it forever.
Now i have to clean myself up and try to breath properly again.
i love it so much.
Josephine

Monday, June 23

Mistress

I have a file from the sharp for you from my Mistress.  It is attached. 

I have some good news for you today Mistress, about Trisha.  I have been with
Trisha most of this morning.  We were working together in the lower office, for
Miss Beatrice.  She has been in and out all morning, and once she had Trisha
take my shirt off, so I just had my mini on, and she had Trisha pull at my
nipples and she tried to get her to put her hand on my cunt but Trisha didn't
want to in case someone came in.  Miss Beatrice only usually has her play with
me when we are in her office, this is a little more public and someone might
have come in, so later this afternoon we are going to Miss Beatrice's house,
Miss Beatrice, Trisha and this sub.  So hopefully I may have something to tell
you tomorrow Mistress.

Over the weekend, I was a birthday present for one of the ladies from the club. 
Miss Donna arranged it when she and Miss Hannah took me there last week.  I
meant to tell you about that Mistress.  But I went off and told you about what
would happen if I were sold if you remember.  They took me to the club as a
re-birth party.  Miss Donna kissed me, fully on the lips (like last time - do
you remember?) and Miss Hannah danced with me, and so did a few of the other
ladies.  The lady who runs the pub came over a few times to talk with us, and
she fondled me a bit, and one time she told them that it was Diana's birthday at
the weekend.  Everyone likes Diana but she can be a bit grumpy apparently, and
Dandy (that's the landlady of the pub) said that she is missing a bit of sex,
and so Miss Hannah said that they would lend me to her to cheer her up. 
Dandy said it was unfair because she didn't get me for her birthday, and they
laughed, and they promised she could have me anytime she wanted.  Anyway, they
arranged for me to be a birthday present for Diana. 
We really had fun at the club Mistress.  At one point we danced together, and
when the song finished, Miss Hannah kissed me, then Miss Donna kissed me (real
kisses, really quite passionate both of them) and then they kissed one another. 
Not quite so passionately though, but it was on the lips. I just thought it
looked lovely. I didn't think they were together at all.

My Mistress hasn't mentioned anything about that other business
Mistress.  About me being sold or anything.  She got a bit cross with me on
Saturday when Miss had gone riding.  I hadn't cleaned Miss' riding boots, so
Mistress put me on my hooks - by the hands, and she clipped my nipples and my
cunt lips and weighted them and left me there while she had lunch and just told
me that I was ungrateful, and that I must take care of Miss Allison's things.
When she let me down she asked me if I had learned my lesson, and I said I would
take special care of Miss' things and I thanked her and she petted me and said I
was a good girl, but she did pull at my nipples just after she released the
clips and it was agony, but it was part of the lesson.  Afterwards she took me
into her room and she allowed me to drink her and then pleasure her, but she
cuffed my hands as they were not worthy to touch her.

Anyway Mistress.  I will write to you tomorrow about what Miss Beatrice has
Trisha do.

sub   x

(from Josephine)
Sasha
Thinking about what you wrote, i don't know what it has told you but it does get
rewards. regularly. it is loved around here you know and so it is bound to
happen. i have read and read that note it wrote to you. it is beautiful isn't
it. so beautifully written, and it is like that when it tell us what happens to
it when it is away.
we have a request from the woman with the girls to see it again, Patricia has
told her it has expenses to pay and while it visits it is not working and she
said she would pay just for an hour or two, so another ?50 to the bank, lol as
for Donna. she has been avoiding me i think. she and han took it out last week
but she dropped them off and didn't come up and we have not seen her all
weekend. i think i need to tell her that it is all up to her and anyway i do not
kow what i would do with her beautiful and oh so perfect body.
Finally, you have asked before so i might as well tell you. i have been to bed
with Allison and i have tasted her and she me. it was a one off and i do not
imagine it will happen again, not like that anyway, but i feel i can touch her
as i with and she me. so it was a good thing to have done i think.  must go,
wine is going off. lol
sub is with han at the moment. knowing han it will be lying down with a face
full of hans pussy and ass, lol


Monday June 30

Mistress

I have been very busy lately and my Mistress is very pleased with me.

Last week I spent much of one day with Angela (Mrs Turner).  Her daughters were
not there and we had a really nice time, mostly making love with each other, and
she really seems to like me licking her pussy and her breasts.  Her nipples are
amazing.  I don't know why I mentioned that, but they are.

I also spent one afternoon with M., and aside from her using me as a toilet she
also allowed me to make love with her.  Lots of times. 
Apparently her friend is away for a while, so she got in touch with Ms Beatrice.

My Mistress and I also went to a clinic on Friday, about my nipples. 
The consultant there looked at my breasts and she said that there was a simple
recovery for my nipples, to stop them being inverted.  It is going to cost about
?480, and my Mistress didn't think that was so very much.  The consultant said
that within a month the incisions would be completely healed, but that for a
week or so I should be careful. 
Apparently it is a small incision, and much of what they have to do is internal
so there won't be that much to show.

I am with Miss Beatrice today.  She has been very nice to me this morning.  She
wanted me to tell her all about last week and she is pleased that I am getting
my breasts fixed.

You know Mistress, for years I have hated my nipples, but everyone has told me
that it didn't matter, and some people have said that they are 'cute', but this
shows that they were just being kind to me really, because everyone has now said
that it is good that they are getting fixed. 
Previously I have just not been brave enough to do anything about them, but now
it is not my choice so it is easy, and I am so very pleased about it, and not at
all scared.

I'm afraid that Trisha is off this week on holiday, so I do not have any news
about her.  The other person I have not seen in a long time is Miss Donnas.  She
hasn't been round all week, but I know that Miss Hannah has seen her and
apparently she is ok.

I want to send this now.  This is the first time in a long time that I have been
able to write and I want to be certain that you get it.

I will try to write more later.

sub
--
Mistress

I just thought I would tell you about when I went to see Angela
Mistress.

No real reason, it's just that I have nothing to do here.  I've just talked with
Doreen for a long time but she has gone off early today.  She is very sweet to
me. She said she liked my outfit.  Oh yes, My outfit:  Ms Beatrice has given me
some clothes to wear occasionally.  She has told me that they are her clothes
and not mine and I must remember to look after them.  This one is an all in one,
well, like a boob-tube, but it goes from my breasts to my bottom, and it is very
tight (so you can see my horrid nipples unfortunately).  It is bright pink, and
Doreen said it looked lovely on me, but she did say that she could never wear
anything like that, and I told her that normally I couldn't either, and we
laughed.  She commented on how I have changed, and she said she was still sad
that I had lost my job.  She is so sweet.

Anyway, I was going to tell you about Angela.  Mrs Turner - but she told me to
call her Angela.   She collected me from Ms Beatrice's offices last week, and
they spent some time together in her office then she came out for me and we went
in her car.  She told me that she still couldn't believe that she had a lesbian
lover, and she giggled so much in the car. Saying about what her husband and her
mother might say if they knew.

She did also ask me if I liked going with her, and I told her that I did, very
much, and she asked me as we went into her house, what I was going to do, and I
told her that I was going to kiss her beautiful pussy until she came for me, and
she told me to undress first, because Patricia told her that I was just a little
lesbian slave who should never normally wear clothes.  So I took off my short
and skirt and she fondled me and took me into her living room, and she told me
to close the curtains and then to undress her.  She smelt wonderful Mistress. 
She had obviously bathed before she came to pick me up, and as I undressed her I
kissed the part of her body that was exposed, and when I took her bra off I
cuddled her large breasts in my hands and kissed and sucked at her nipples and
they grew in my mouth and she sat down and was nearly panting from me being
allowed to kiss her there and suck her lovely nipples into my mouth. 

Later, when she was calming down from me having fingered and sucked to her an
orgasm she did get to orgasm again just from having me suck and kiss her breasts
while she lay down.  Actually, I have just thought about why I like her breasts
so much and I know that it is just because they are so responsive like that.  It
makes me feel good that she gets pleasure from em playing with them and kissing
and sucking them.  That's why.

Anyway. I do like them, very much.  They are a little like Miss Hannah's.  Maybe
that is another reason why I like them so much.

She still plays with my bottom hole too. I don't think she thinks it sexual. 
It's just that sometimes, like when we were lying on her floor, she turned me
over onto my front and she stroked my bottom and then between my cheeks and she
put her finger into my bottom.  I lifted my bottom up off the floor for her, so
that she knew I was happy for her to do it, and she did it another time, while
we were in the kitchen getting a drink. She just put her hand between my cheeks
and pushed against my anus with her finger until it got inside of me.

You know I mentioned about not seeing Miss Donnas this week.  The one good thing
about that is that no-one else makes me catch their poo in my hands, and I have
to admit that I don't much like that, or having to lick my hands clean
afterwards.  She still has me to that.  At the time, I don't mind, not really,
but when I think about it I don't like it.  I guess I don't mind at the time
because she enjoys seeing me do it.  And I do want to please her.  But when I am
on my own I do think about it sometimes and think it is not so nice really.

Miss (Allison) has a new 'game' she likes to play sometimes.  Twice now, while
she has been laying on the floor watching television she has told me to go and
get some chocolate spread and she smears it onto my cunt and has me lay on the
floor on my back in front of her and she licks me every now and then while she
watches.  The other night Miss Hannah had some as well.  It's lovely when Miss
has her lovely young face at my cunt Mistress.  I shall never tire of seeing her
look at me as she puts her tongue onto me and into me. I mean, of course it is
always nice to have someone lick me there, but it is special to see her face
there, and to see her tongue on me. She has such a look of innocence and most of
the time (well almost all of the time) she isn't doing it to excite me at all,
its just because she wants to.  And I am SO very happy that she does.

Well, I have promised that I would make some tea at 2:00 so I better go and get
the kettle on.

I may write more later Mistress

sub   x
--

sub,

So glad to hear that you are getting your nipples fixed.  Life is so much easier
when one is pleased with one's body.  I am hoping you will allow yourself to be
photographed more often now that you will be happier with yourself. 
And I was wondering what had happened to you, sub, not having heard from you in
awhile.  And it is so nice to hear that everyone is pleased with everyone.  Are
they planning on taking you on vacation this summer?
I am so happy your life is rosy.  And it would appear that Angela treats you
less like what you are and more like just a lesbian lover?  Is that a pleasant
diversion for you?  Almost like a break from your duties? It's not surprising
that several women you come across aren't really able to be dominant the way you
are accustomed.
Take care and stay in touch

Lovingly,

Sasha

And so ends the month of June.  I will be compiling the letters from the rest of
the year.  The letters really dropped off in the latter half of the year because
everyone settled very well into their roles.  My role diminished because the
students became qualified teachers themselves.  I am saddened and thinking about
taking a new submissive under my wing.  I sincerely hope everyone enjoyed this
month's letters.  I have tried to respond to all of you that have written me and
will continue to do so.  If you like these letters so far, then please take a
moment to vote for them.  It, along with your letters to me, are the thanks that
makes this all worthwhile.

Sasha




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sasha K


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





