BDSM Library - The Discipline Punishment




The Discipline Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is an account of my recent activities with my Mistress and her new pet.
Part 1 Prelude

The vibrating, tingling, pinching, pulling, stuffing, binding, silence and 
the darkness; when will it ever end? This is my punishment for no 
self-discipline. It has been on going for almost a week now and there is no 
end in sight. It is just not fair how I got this punishment. Mistress just 
plain set me up.

Mistress and a Master friend of hers were fucking me relentlessly one night. 
They kept teasing me and keeping on the verge of cumming, but I was always 
left wanting more. They tormented me for hours and it felt like there was no 
end in sight.

After some tormenting, Mistress told me to get on my hands and knees. 
Mistress spread my knees wide apart and started fondling me again. She 
pulled a waist belt around me and secured it tightly. Then she carefully 
pulled the strap down between my legs and started to insert a huge vibrator 
in me. It felt massive. Mistress had never stuffed me so full before in my 
entire life and so deeply. Just before she secured it in me, she turned it 
on high. Mistress whispered that if I showed her Master how undisciplined I 
was I would regret it for a long time. I was humping my hips as hard and 
fast as I could against the strap. It was the heavenly feeling and I knew 
that I was not going to last much longer at this arousal level. Suddenly I 
felt a huge rubber cock being pushed into my ass as I struggled harder to 
keep control. I looked back and saw mistress grinning as she turned it to 
high also. I was screaming and moaning as loud as I could as she fucked me 
fast. Her Master took his cock and plunged it into my mouth. I was being 
fucked from three different ways and I was so close to cumming. Master then 
reached under me, pulled, and pinched my nipples hard. I lost it. I screamed 
as hard as I could and started to cum. I fucked mistress's vibe hard and 
sucked hard on Master's cock. I felt His cock tighten as he pulled it from 
my mouth. All of a sudden, his cock started spurting his cum all over my 
face. I did not care; I was too worried about fucking the vibes harder.

Eventually I blacked out. I woke much later and stretched like a cat. I felt 
so satisfied and relaxed, but something felt off. All of a sudden it hit me; 
there was a vibrator tormenting me. My hands went to my waist and I saw the 
chastity belt holding the toy inside me and out of my reach. I moaned 
quietly in defeat. Mistress enjoyed tormenting me and she did do it a lot.

I got up and made my way downstairs. I turned on the computer and went to 
the kitchen as it loaded. I made my hot tea and my bagel. Mistress did not 
let me have much of a breakfast. I ate normal lunches and dinners but 
breakfast was never more than something very small. I got back to the 
computer and opened my email up. Surprise! Mistress sent me a message. I 
opened it immediately and read it. It was simple. Remove my belt and 
vibrator, go to the closet and get the Slut Outfit, Shower, and Dress, then 
wait patiently for Mistress as I knew how to. We were going out I knew 
immediately. Whenever Mistress had me put on the slut outfit, we were going 
out. I usually had to fuck something or masturbate myself as I gave someone 
head or ate someone out. Mistress could be especially cruel to me on these 
nights. I logged off the computer and headed up stairs.

Once upstairs I went to my safe in my room and opened it. I took out the key 
for this belt and unlocked it. Mistress always let me have the key to unlock 
it, but once I unlocked it, the key would not turn back with out her key. 
Therefore, I could unlock it but not relock it. She was especially devious 
with that idea. I pulled the vibe and let my fingers caress my self a bit. 
This was a very bad idea. It just made me hornier. I pulled my hand away 
from my pussy using all the self-control I had left in me. I went to the 
shower and got it going nice and hot. I washed my long red hair then 
conditioned it. With the worst part of the shower over, I lathered up 
thoroughly caressing my body as I went. I squeezed and kneaded my 38C 
breasts. I pulled and twisted my nipples making sure they were washed 
toughly. I washed my stomach and belly ring, my hips and my pussy. I let my 
fingers caress all over it working the soap softly into my sex. I then 
washed my thighs and legs, my fingernails scraping against my skin. By the 
time I was done, I was a puddle. I had success fully gotten myself very 
aroused and I wanted to cum pretty bad.

I got out and toweled off being very careful not to arouse myself anymore. 
After toweling off I made my hair up the way mistress wants it; pulled back 
straight win a braid with a leather strap in it for this outfit. Mistress 
likes to anchor m head back as I eat her or other women out. I then put on 
my make up for the day. After this was all accomplished I went to the closet 
and got the clothing and accessory box. The accessory box varies whenever 
mistress changes it. One time it had a double-pronged vibrator, other times 
it has plugs and vibes, or sometimes a strap on. That is the worst one. When 
it is the strap on, I have to seduce another woman and fuck her with it 
until she begs me to stop. If I do not fuck a woman senseless as she puts it 
I am punished severely that night. I have only once gotten a girl, the other 
times it has not been pleasant.

I opened the box and saw the "Stuffer" as I call it. It is a chastity belt 
and has two large thick dildos in it. The dildo for my ass is 6 inches long 
and 3 inches thick. The one for my pussy is 8 1/2 inches long and 4 inches 
thick. The worst par about both is that they have hard rubber bumps all over 
them. Any movement in them is pure torture. I lubed up both dildos, even 
though I was thoroughly aroused. I learned the hard way that the larger they 
are the more lube you want on them. I pulled the waist strap and locked it 
together then I pulled the crotch strap up between my legs. I bent over the 
bed and inserted the tip of the dildo for my pussy inside me. The thing felt 
huge. I spread my legs wide apart and started to push it deeper in me. The 
dildo stretched my pussy wide and deep. After it was about a quarter of the 
way in, I was panting hard. I pushed the tip of the other dildo against my 
ass. I pushed the tip slowly inside my ass. The dildo in my pussy started 
moving a bit deeper. I was moaning louder and harder. The insertion was pure 
torture it hurt a bit from the sheer size of the dildos but I was so turned 
on. After both of them were pushed, deep inside me I was a puddle. My juices 
were running down my thighs, my lips were puffy and sensitive, and I was 
slowly losing my self-control.

I locked the strap before I decided to finish off the torture. I got back up 
and moaned loudly as the dildo rubbed against my clit. This was not going to 
be an easy day. I sat on the chair by my bed and looked inside the rest of 
the box. There were my leather cuffs for my ankles and wrists, 2 small 
rubber bands, and my gag. I grabbed the two small bands first. I spilled it 
over my thumb and index finger fingernails. I pinched my left nipple first 
with the same fingernails then slipped the band around the base of my 
nipple. After it was on, I did the same thing for my second nipple. Now both 
were rock hard and becoming very sensitive. It was about to become a 
strenuous day for them. I slipped the leather cuffs on my wrists and put the 
lock through them. They cuffs were about 4 inches wide and about 1 inch 
thick in total. The cuffs were very well padded and very comfortable. I 
smelled the cuffs and the leather and it went straight to my clit. I love 
the smell of leather and the feel of it is just as erotic to me. I bent over 
and felt the ass plug dig a bit deeper inside of me. My hips pushed back 
against the plug but got no more pressure. I moaned a bit in frustration and 
continued with my task. I wrapped the cuffs around my ankles and locked them 
on. I sat back up on the chair and made sure the box was empty then put it 
under the bed for later.

The heels Mistress had selected were absolutely insane. They were 7 inch 
"fuck me" heels. I put them on and locked them on. Standing in these would 
be very hard and walking would be near impossible. I stood up and put the 
skirt on. It extended only 2 inches below my soaking wet pussy, and it was 
tight as a second skin. The top was barely even that. It was an extremely 
small halter-top made of red latex and barely covered my breasts. It pushed 
my breasts together and up. They looked amazing and they begged for someone 
to use them. I knew that Mistress would use them later, she hardly ever let 
me not have them used and toyed with. Mistress did have some cruel toys to 
use on them, but that is another story for another time.

I looked at my self in the mirror and saw a sex crazed woman. I just wanted 
to be fucked and fucked relentlessly. A long time ago, Mistress told me that 
I would want nothing else other than to be fucked and fucked hard. I never 
thought it true but I was becoming addicted to her. I needed her. I put the 
hangars away and saw that I left some of my juices on the chair that I was 
sitting on. I got down on my knees and started to lick my juices up. 
Mistress does not allow me to waste my juices and told me that if I ever 
left any juices behind I was to lick them up. At first, I had hated my own 
taste. I loathed doing it more than anything else but after a few times I 
started to like my juices; now I love it.

I stood up and picked up my gag. I pushed the short fat rubber cock inside 
my mouth and pulled the strap behind my head.  I pulled it tight and secured 
it. I then took the straps that went over my head and tightened them down 
pulling my teeth tight into the gag. The gag was securely planted in my 
mouth; my teeth were pulled into it tightly. There was no way that it was 
going to go anywhere.  My tongue started to swirl around it. I realized this 
after I had already started to work the fake rubber cock. Mistress has 
started many habits with me and working on cock or pussy when it is in front 
of me is one of them.

I slowly made my way downstairs. It took a long time with the torturous 
heels. The door was the spot I was to wait for Mistress. I got down on my 
knees facing away from the door then I leaned forward. Once I was leaning 
down, I spread my knees wide apart waiting for Mistress to come home and use 
me. I knew that once she opened the door she would get a good sight of me. 
My hips occasionally moved to the toys but I never really got any good 
satisfaction off them.

It took awhile but I eventually heard Mistress come home. I heard the door 
open and then close. I saw Mistresses heels as she walked all around me. 
Every once and a while Mistress would touch or caress a part of my body 
sending little shivers through me straight to my clit as I knelt there with 
out moving. Mistress knew exactly how to work my body. She eventually came 
in front of me and lifted my head up to look into her eyes. She asked me if 
I was enjoying my self and all I could do was nod slightly. She asked me a 
ton of questions as she played with my nipples. She asked if I wanted her, 
if I wanted to cum, wanted to make love to her, wanted her to fuck me, and 
more. Finally, she asked if I wanted more. I eagerly shook my head and then 
all of a sudden the plugs in my started vibrating inside me. She just 
grinned at me evilly as I moaned in frustration.

Mistress told me to stand and go to the car. I got up and very carefully 
walked to the car. It was not an easy trip there with the vibrators, buzzing 
away inside me. Once I got to the car, I went and sat in the middle back 
seat. Mistress no longer allowed me to sit up front unless I was driving and 
that was not very often. Mistress came out and pulled my arms out away from 
my sides. On the back of each seat at the top near the door are hooks for my 
wrist cuffs. My wrist cuffs were locked in place. She then pulled my legs 
apart and locked my ankles apart, but Mistress looked disappointed that my 
knees were not wide enough apart. She looked around for a minute then went 
back in the house. She returned with a spreader bar and she pushed my knees 
very wide apart. She hopped in the front seat and we drove off.

Mistress took her time going all through town. I got a lot of strange looks 
and glances but I just concerned myself with trying to get off on the 
vibrators. Every once and awhile the vibes would pickup speed and I would 
pump my hips hard against the air trying to get closer to orgasm. Eventually 
we pulled up in front of a club. Two partially clad women came out and 
opened Mistress's door and my door. The girl looked barely a day over 18 and 
looked hot as hell.  Mistress handed her my collar and the young girl put it 
on me. She then unhooked me from the car and pulled me out. Mistress took 
the leash and led me inside the club.

We got inside and Mistress handed her coat off. She then walked to a table 
with me in tow. I was becoming more aroused and was getting closer to 
cumming. I was moaning and groaning as we walked. By the time we reached the 
table I was so close to cumming but I could not get that little edge to cum. 
Mistress sat down and I knelt at her feet. Mistress reached her hand inside 
my top and pulled one of my breasts out of my top. She started squeezing and 
massaging it. She was being cruel and tormenting me with the caresses. She 
leaned down and whispered in my ear that if I cam I would be fucked 
senseless tonight. She then pulled and twisted my nipples as the vibes 
turned to high. I struggled hard to keep from cumming but all I could do was 
get closer. Eventually when Mistress dug her nails into my nipple and pulled 
on it I came. I screamed hard into the gag humping my hips wildly. Mistress 
kept toying with me as I came repeatedly.

She eventually stopped and when I had come back to earth I noticed that the 
two girls were back again with some extra accessories. Mistress told one of 
them to remove my top and put the bands on me. The blonde-haired woman who 
got me out of the car undid my top and handed it to Mistress. She then took 
two metal donut style rings from the other girl and put them around the base 
of my breasts. They were tight on me. They also had some weight that seemed 
weird. The girl then attached a blindfold to my head harness. I was pulled 
up and walked across the floor for some distance. I was pushed down onto a 
table and then quickly spread eagled. They pulled my arms and legs wide 
apart stretching me almost painfully. I felt someone pushing and prodding at 
my chastity belt, and then it was unlocked. The belt was pulled off and I 
groaned loudly in dissatisfaction of the vibes were removed from me. I felt 
empty and alone. My ass and pussy were still stretched open from the size of 
the vibes.

Then the mouths came and started working on me. One went to each nipple and 
one to my pussy. The tongues, teeth, and lips played all over my skin 
tantalizing it and making it ache for more. The mouths kept me extremely 
close to cumming and me moaning but I never got close enough to cum. After a 
bit, the gag was removed from my mouth and I started begging to cum. I 
pleaded with mistress to let me cum; all I got was a hot wet pussy on my 
mouth. My tongue snaked out immediately and started licking away at the 
woman. After a few seconds, I noticed the taste of the woman; it was my 
Mistress. I vigorously and aggressively worked on her pussy.  She came on my 
face grinding her pussy into my mouth. I was extremely hot and turned on; I 
wanted to cum so bad.

Mistress got off me and the girls kept licking at me. This went on for a 
long time. I would be licked and teased and every so often, I would return 
the favor to another woman. Sometimes it was Mistress and others it was not. 
I just know that with all this torture I was begging to cum when I was not 
working on another woman's pussy. My body was so alive and my clit was hair 
trigger ready to cum. I could not take much more.

After I thought I was going to go insane the tongues, mouths and pussies 
went away. I screamed begging for more. I needed more. Then I felt someone 
lay down against me. It was a woman because I could feel her breasts against 
mine but I felt a strap on lying against my hips. Then the mouth started 
kissing me. It was Mistress again. I kissed back passionately pulling at the 
bonds that held me down. Mistress started nibbling at m ears and whispered 
to me occasionally. She whispered how she was going to fuck me with her 
strap on. She also whispered that I was going to cum a lot real soon, that I 
would beg to be allowed to stop but the fuckings would continue. With that, 
she reached down, took the strap on, and plunged it in me. I screamed how 
good it felt. She fucked me hard pumping the cock in and out. After only a 
few seconds, I was cumming. She pulled out and I felt a different cock push 
in me. As the new cock was pumping in and out of me, Mistress told me that 
she was the first to fuck me and would be the last one, and that she would 
not be back for at least an hour.

The torture did not stop for that hour. There was always a cock buried 
inside me pumping in and out of me. After a bit I started begging them to 
stop but they never did. Eventually Mistress came back up, buried her cock 
in me, and lay against me. She nibbled and whispered on my ear again as she 
wiggled her hips occasionally. I moved my hips against her trying to coax 
her to move her hips but she did not give me what I wanted. She whispered 
that I she was going to fuck me nice and slow and take her time making me 
cum. She said that by the time she was done with me I would be begging to be 
fucked and allowed to cum. As she finished saying that, she started slowly 
fucking me. For the last however long she had me fucked hard and fast, but 
this was something different. I looked in her eyes and saw the love from 
her. She was going to make me beg for it but there was the part of Mistress 
that I loved there.  She fucked me slowly forever bringing me closer and 
closer to the edge. Eventually I started begging for more, but Mistress just 
kept going. I could see from the look on her face she was holding back 
herself; it turned me on even more. All of a sudden, the cock in me started 
vibrating fast. She squeezed my nipples hard and told me to cum. I let go 
right there and came all over her cock. I pulled hard on the bonds and 
screamed/moaned in her mouth as she kissed me deeply. She unhooked her belt 
and wrapped it around me locking it onto me. Now I had a fake cock pushing 
out from me. The blindfold was removed and I could see a large crowd leaving 
the area. The two girls unhooked me and led me to the car on very wobbly 
legs. Once we got to the car I was strapped back in but this time the blonde 
girl got in also and sat right on my lap guiding the cock inside her. I 
started to speak to her but she put a finger over my lips and told me that 
she was going to be joining me for a bit and then she did something I did 
not expect; she kissed me deeply and pinched my nipples. After a few seconds 
of this, the other girl strapped her in also. We were sitting facing each 
other both tied to the car. The other girl pulled out a double head harness 
and put my side on; just before the other girls went on the blonde-haired 
woman kissed me again and thanked me for the awesome fucking tonight. Then 
we were gagged lip to lip with short fake cocks in our mouths.

Mistress got in the car and looked us both over. She smiled and said that 
the blonde was a surprise for me since I did suck a good job tonight and got 
off quite a lot more when the blonde was using me. She also said that we 
would be getting a lot more of each other in the future. I pushed up against 
the blonde-haired woman then the vibes started on low. The blonde-haired 
woman certainly reacted quiet strongly to them but I was so exhausted from 
my evenings encounter. By the time we got home the blonde-haired woman was 
humping against me trying to cum but not being able to get enough of it.

Mistress unhooked us and led us to our room. She put me in my bed with just 
my collar and the leash locked to the headboard. I had nothing else on and 
fell right asleep. The blonde-haired woman was locked to the footboard on 
the floor. She had bondage mittens put on her hands, a vibe / plug chastity 
belt combo, gag, and blindfold. I found out later that she did not sleep 
well that night, but I never did when I was locked up like that before.


Love, Keera




Part 2 Getting Read For Work

Mistress certainly did find a unique person in Sara. She is the 
blonde-haired woman from the club. That first night she suffered a lot. By 
the morning she was moaning and pleading through her gag. Mistress has not 
let her cum since then and that has been 2 days. The poor girl is always 
being stimulated one way or another and is always begging to cum when she 
can talk. Mistress asked her yesterday if she still wanted to continue and 
she said she did, but that she would do anything to cum. There is no 
question in my mind that Mistress was making her wait for a very cruel 
reason.

Mistress came in this morning and told us to shower and get our make up done 
for Sara to go to work. Mistress told me that I would be joining her today 
at work. Sara and I looked at each other quizzically but we did as we were 
told to. After we were done, we were waiting on the floor kneeling like good 
little sex crazed women. Mistress came in and told me to stand and bend over 
spreading my legs wide apart. I did as she told me and waited for her to get 
me ready. Mistress tied my arms to my legs keeping me bent over quiet 
nicely. She walked over to Sara, wrapped a belt around her waist, and then 
tied her hands to the back. Mistress pulled out a large thick vibrator, 
placed it against her clit, and turned it on high. Sara started bucking 
against it moaning and screaming to be allowed to cum. Mistress shoved it in 
her pussy fast and deep. I could see that Sara was close to cumming and 
Mistress saw it. Just as Sara was getting ready to cum mistress turned it to 
low. The wail that came crushed me; I knew that she was so close but she 
could not get it. Mistress then locked a spreader bar on Sara's knees and 
told her if she came or the vibe fell out of her pussy she would be sent 
away immediately. Sara just pleaded and begged for her orgasm. Mistress 
flicked her clit as she walked away from the suffering girl.

Mistress came over to me and pushed three of her fingers roughly into my 
pussy. I was already damp from the scene playing out but as she started to 
finger fuck me roughly, I got more excited. Her other hand went to my clit 
and started roughly squeezing and tugging it. I was soon panting and moaning 
heavily. Then Mistress slipped her fourth finger in my pussy and her thumb 
in my ass. I was pushing back hard against her trying to get more. I started 
begging to cum also but mistress just kept finger fucking me relentless. Out 
of nowhere, the fingers left me and protested wanting them back in me. I 
felt mistress push a large dildo in my pussy and then an equally large plug 
in my ass. Mistress wrapped the belt that was attached to it around me. As 
soon as the belt clicked both dildos started vibrating very fast inside of 
my pussy bringing me closer to the edge. I was humping my hips hard against 
the air. I felt mistress untie me and told me to get behind Sara and fuck 
her ass. I looked down and saw the huge cock protruding from my pussy. I 
went behind the bent over Sara. She looked at me and shook her head as I got 
down behind her. Mistress told me if I did not fuck her as fast and rough as 
I could I would be very sorry. I smeared some of her juices over her already 
lubed ass and the cock on me. Not wanting to get in any more trouble, I 
pushed the cock in her ass as quick as I could and as deep as I could. Sara 
fought her bounds and tried to fuck the cock that was buried in her. I 
started fucking her ass as Sara started to lose control. Mistress got down, 
told Sara if she lasted 30 seconds she would be allowed to cum; Sara was 
very close, and grunted her acknowledgement to Mistress. However, Mistress 
had a surprise in store for her; both dildos stuffing her went to high. 
Mistress then told me I was not allowed to cum until after Sara came. I 
started fucking her hard, feeling the cock in me slide in and out a bit as I 
fucked Sara hard. I could tell Sara was struggling hard to keep control of 
her self but she was not going to be able to hold out much longer. I was 
having problems also but I could make. Just as Mistress said cum Sara lost 
it. She fought and screamed hard as she came on the cock buried in her. As 
soon as I saw Sara cumming, I let go. I pounded harder against her trying to 
get more pressure to my exploding clit. We both slumped down after shaking 
from the intensity of our orgasms.

Mistress removed the belt and we both were told to kneel while we waited for 
Mistress to give us our next instructions. We were kneeling across from each 
other and I could see that she felt the same emotions for me that I felt for 
her. I wanted to crawl over to her and kiss her deeply but Mistress would 
have killed me if I did. I stayed there looking over Sara and her lovely 
body.  Mistress came behind me, smacked me on the back of my head, and told 
me not to fuck Sara with my eyes. I blushed when she said that but I wanted 
to get with Sara again. Mistress told me to stand up and spread my legs wide 
apart. I stood quickly and spread my legs apart as mistress started to hug 
me from behind. I felt very secure and safe in her arms. One of her hands 
went to my pussy and started rubbing it with her palm. My hips moved with 
her hand as she rubbed my pussy.  She whispered how I looked so rosy and 
alive when I was sexually tormented, how she loved the fire in my eyes when 
I wanted to cum. Mistress kept this up for a few minutes getting me 
thoroughly aroused again. Once I was getting closer to cumming Mistress 
stopped and stepped in front of me. I pleaded to her with my eyes and all 
she said was "That's the look I love slut" it just made me want more.

She picked up a set of nipple clamps and put them on my already hard 
nipples. She then leaned forward and sucked on them. It felt amazing; it 
went right to my clit. She then took a clit clamp, kneeled down in front of 
me, and started stroking my clit. Mistress's hands were tormenting me to 
death and she loved it from the look on her face. She then pulled on my clit 
holding it away from my body, and then she put the clip on. I bit my lip 
from the feelings. It made everything so much more sensitive and made me 
want to cum again. Mistress then pushed me forward against the bed. Mistress 
then pushed two of her fingers in my ass and started moving her fingers in 
and out of me. She worked the lube deep in my ass while exciting me 
intensely.  After a few minutes of finger fucking my ass she pulled her 
fingers out and pushed a large plug in me. Mistress then reached to my clit 
clamp and played with it for a few seconds. When her hands left my clit 
there was something pulling down on it. I looked down and saw a weight added 
to it. This was going to drive me insane all day at work today. She then 
told me to put the clothes on that were on the bed for me.

I got up and looked at the bed. There was my clothing for the day. I picked 
up the stockings and pulled them on. They were back and had seam right up 
the back with heart shapes on it. I put the garter belt on and hooked them 
to my stockings. The heels Mistress selected were 5-inch heels and were 
patent black. They were one of my more favorite heels. I loved the way they 
looked on me. I pulled them on looked at my legs. They looked sexy as hell. 
I picked up the quarter cup bra that was lying on the bed and put it on. The 
bra was made from leather and had a strap on each cup that went over the top 
of my breast and tied down to the bottom. I loved this bra because it tied 
my breasts up nice and tight. Once the bra was on, I pulled the straps tight 
to the fourth hole as Mistress told me. My breasts were squeezed up and 
together. My nipples and breasts were sending shivers to my clit. I pulled 
the red silk blouse off the bed and put it on. The blouse was tight enough 
to show my cleavage, but not so tight it looked unprofessional. That was the 
only thing Mistress gave me; I was allowed some control over my work 
clothes, some. The last and final thing was the black skirt. I pulled it on. 
The skirt was very tight and showed my ass off quiet nicely. I looked over 
to Sara and saw that Mistress had just finished prepping her for her day 
with me at work.

Poor Sara was being setup for a long day. Mistress had her standing with her 
legs wide apart and bent over. There was a chastity belt locked on Sara and 
two inflator bulbs hanging down from her belt. Mistress was inflating them 
Sara was moaning as the dildos inflated larger in her. After a bit, Mistress 
sealed them and removes the bulbs. Mistress then told her to get dressed 
with the other outfit. When Sara turned around, I saw that Sara had a huge 
rubber cock strapped to her belt. Some reason I knew that was going to be 
used on me today and it looked a lot larger than anything ever used on me 
before. Sara was wearing the exact same thing as me except for her blouse 
was a powder blue color. She looked stunning dressed up. I could not wait to 
get some of that woman later.

Mistress handed Sara her palm pilot and told her that instructions for today 
were on there. Then she looked at me and told me that if I did not do 
exactly as Sara told me I would be severely punished tonight and to make her 
point she bent be over the bed and hit me with the paddle she keeps handy. 
Mistress hit me hard with it and it made me yelp. I had no doubt that if I 
played around I would be in serious trouble. Mistress told me to go to the 
car and wait in the car. I went out to the car, pulled my skirt up above my 
waist, and sat in the back seat with my legs spread wide apart. After a few 
minutes, Mistress and Sara came out. Sara was carrying a black laptop case 
with her. What I did not understand was that Sara did not come here with a 
laptop. However, I did not concern myself to much with it.

Sara got in the front seat and started to drive away. We pulled up to my 
parking space at work and she turned to me. She looked at me deeply and 
smiled. Sara told me that she did not know all what was in store today but 
she was going to enjoy every minute of it. With that, she leaned over and 
kissed me deeply. I kissed her back letting my tongue play with hers. I was 
in heaven. She broke the kiss and got out of the car. I got out of the car 
and pulled my skirt back proper again.  Sara told me to lead the way. I 
started out and she swatted my ass I started off. I yelped and smiled back 
at her. The walk to my office was long and tortuous with the weight and 
plug. By the time we got there, I was extremely horny and ready for my day 
with Sara. I just hoped it would be a good one.

Love, Keera




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tuefel Hunden


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





