BDSM Library - Raping Amy




Raping Amy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Co-workers get their sweet revenge on a bitch at work with some lesbian assistance that turns out to be more than one of them bargained for.
Raping Amy (Part 3 of 'The Fear Trilogy')

By Big Dick McGee

"That fuckin' cunt!" Steve screamed.

He'd read the email more than once, his rage building up even more the second
time. She was lying. And she had to know that he knew she was lying.

It had all began when he took his vacation to Ireland. He left his home in Ohio
sometime in February and when he returned back to work two weeks later, he
noticed that things were different. It seemed to him that he was on the way out,
about to be fired; sacked, if you will. And he knew that nothing happened in
Johnny's nightclub without Amy knowing about it. It was bad enough that they'd
been keeping secrets from him for over a year now, due to them finding out he'd
once been in jail. Now they were trying to get rid of him and Amy was going
along with it.

"That fuckin' bitch!" Steve screamed again, the words sounding empty in his
small one bedroom apartment.

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

Steve called me today. He remembered how angry and sad I was about being fired
from Johnny's nightclub and he wanted to know if I still hated that Amy bitch. I
told him I hated her even more now than I had before. I guess it was from all
the time I spent afterwards thinking about it and about how I knew in my heart
that she was the cause of my being fired. When I asked him why he wanted to
know, he got silent and told me he'd call me back later. That was two days ago.
Today he called again and asked me once again how mad I was at Amy. I told him
that I'd already answered that question and asked him what was wrong. He opened
up to me about how he felt he was about to be fired and he felt Amy was either
behind it or in on the secrets that had been kept from him in the past year just
after I got fired. I told him that didn't surprise me. I told him she was
probably behind the whole thing because that's the same thing that happened to
me. He told me that he didn't understand how he could do his job properly if
everybody was keeping secrets just because he was once in jail. I told him that
I didn't care if he was in jail. Then he asked me a question that really seemed
off topic to what we were talking about.

"Kelly, tell me something," Steve spoke softly, "Have you ever been with a girl
before?"

The conversation went dead on the phone for quite some seconds before Kelly
said, "You mean...sexually."

"Yea."

"Why are you asking me that?" She found herself laughing at the idea of him
asking such a personal question that was so un-related to the subject of the
discussion.

Steve cleared his throat and paused before answering. "Remember how disgusted
Amy got when me and John were talking about how hot lesbians were?" When Kelly
confirmed that she did, Steve continued: "Well, I was thinking of a great way of
getting revenge against her."

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

When Steve spoke of getting revenge against Amy I must admit, the idea did perk
my interest. I didn't understand immediately what the lesbian connection was,
but it didn't take Steve long to explain it to me. He wanted me to help him rape
Amy. I totally freaked out at first. I wasn't into the idea of doing anything
illegal to get myself in jail. Amy, after all, was the daughter of a police
officer and she would surely not take such an act lying down. For a second I
even got scared because I figured because of her father Steve must have been
planning to kill her afterwards. But he had a different idea.

"We'll wear masks." Steve said, a smile spreading over his face that Kelly could
not see over the phone. The idea of Amy being forced to lick Kelly's toad was
already giving him a hard on that pushed out his jeans.

"What about our voices?" Kelly said after a brief pause. "It's gotta be
impossible to do something like that without talking."

The fact that Kelly hadn't hung up the phone, threatening to tell Amy what Steve
was thinking about was exciting him even further. This girl must've hated Amy
even more than he realized. Usually women stick together on such matters, but he
wasn't surprised either. Kelly always hated Amy more than anyone else that ever
worked at Johnny's nightclub. He found himself thinking about Kelly's beautiful
body, her firm protruding breasts that hung perfectly beneath her sexy soft pink
face and lips. And that firm ass that was just a tad larger than most but still
spectacular looking, held up by long gorgeous legs. He ached to see that soft
brown bush between her legs just one more time. And she wasn't even aware yet
that he'd seen it the first time.

"I'll bring somebody else along that will do all the talking for us." Steve
answered.

"Who's that?" Kelly asked. She was perplexed now and a little nervous too. This
was a criminal act that he was talking about, and though she was no stranger to
crime, this kind of crime wasn't really the type that she respected or wanted to
be a part of.

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

When I first got a call from Sandy, a woman I'd never met before and had only
heard about from Steve, I was a little frightened after talking to her. She
seemed like a really evil person to me. Steve had met her online months before
and had just spent days telling her everything about Amy. Then she called me and
wanted to hear my version of the story. I opened up to her about all my angry
feelings about Angry. About what a snob she was. What a bitch she was.
Self-centered. Dishonest. Only wanting to talk about her. I even told her about
how Amy had cheated with my boyfriend behind my back and how she managed to get
me fired. It wasn't long before I regretted telling Sandy these things though,
because she began to open up to me about how much hurting women-I mean
girls-turned her on. I guess Steve had had a tough time talking her into the
idea with all the bad info about Amy. It was only until Steve began to describe
Amy physically that Sandy got very interested. Amy was a small petite
tiny-breasted blonde who, though she was nineteen years old, looked about
fourteen at the most. That was why guys liked her so much. Guys were always
flirting with her more than all the other female employees of the nightclub. And
those short shorts she always wore would make her small tight ass the spectacle
of the evening for any pervert in the room. Sandy went on to explain how she
loved raping and hurting young girls. It turned her on more than anything in the
world.

"Are you serious?" Kelly asked, her breath gasping just before she spoke.

"Oh, Kelly. You have no idea how sexy it is to see a hot little young bitch
quiver and cry and scream for mercy. It really gets the puss juices flowing.
You've got to experience it."

Kelly felt sweat beading on her forehead and her hands begin to tremble. "Have
you ever..." She couldn't finish the sentence and she didn't know if her fear
was out of disgust or anger.

"Have I ever what?" Sandy asked coyly after several beats.

Kelly found her courage jump into her with full force along with her disgust and
anger. "Have you ever raped a child, Sandy?!!"

"You sound angry Kelly."

"Well, Jesus!"

This time Sandy let her disgust and anger overtake the conversation. "Let's get
one thing straight, Kelly. A child is a kid. A teenager is far from being a
child. And I've never done anything to anyone who didn't want it or have it
coming to them. And you're the one who's talking about doing this with
Steve...or WAS talking about it with Steve long before I ever heard of this Amy
bitch."

"Hey, look," said Kelly, "Steve just told me his idea. I haven't agreed yet."

"Well based on all you just told me about her," Sandy spat, "It sounds like you
hate her even more than Steve does."

"Oh, that's only because he's always wanted to fuck her!"

Sandy laughed. "Oh, well, that's not surprising. All men like girls like Amy."

"Look," Kelly said, her voice sounding a little frightened now, "I don't want
any part of this. This is wrong."

"Steve had a feeling you might say that to me. That's why he told me about that
three hundred dollars that you stole from Johnny."

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

When Sandy brought up the three hundred dollars I freaked out and slammed the
phone down, but it was as much out of fear as it was anger. How in the hell did
Steve know that, I thought. When I called him, he refused to tell me and told me
that he'd mail me the answer. It was days before the package arrived. It was a
video and a note. The note told me how Steve had gotten his hands on the
security video before Johnny and replaced it with another one. Johnny didn't
notice the money was missing until days later so he never even checked the video
since it would have been rewound and taped over from whenever it was recorded.
His receipts proved what day it happened. Johnny, apparently, had chalked it up
to his own mistake for not noticing it on the day it happened. There was also an
added remark about how Steve felt it was this missing money that had caused the
dissension between himself and the rest of the staff, along with the fact that
he'd admitted he'd been in prison that night he got drunk of course. What pissed
me off though was that he never bothered to explain why he'd saved the video to
begin with. The last thing written on the note was that the video I was holding
was a copy and he still had the original. At first, I was skeptical that the
video really proved I stole the money, but after watching it, I realized it
showed the truth quite clearly. I also saw the real reason behind why Steve kept
the video. I'd forgotten that I took the liberty of pulling my shorts down to
scratch a bad itch that was driving me crazy on my upper thigh. My pussy could
be seen very clearly on the video and I knew that was the reason Steve wanted to
keep the video. He was always such a pervert. But they had me in a corner. What
could I do? I had to go along with them or take the chance of facing the wrath
of an ex-boss that already hated me to begin with.

32 hours later Amy Greene couldn't believe that she was actually experiencing
what was happening to her. She was bound and gagged, her tender thin tan body
spread eagled, dangling over the floor of what seemed to be a garage. Every inch
of her was lifted off the ground by a series of rope knots and pulley devices.
Her entire sexual area between her legs was totally exposed to a room full of
people she didn't even recognize and two others that had masks on their faces
for some odd reason. Tears were streaming out her glowing blue eyes as her heart
beat faster than she'd ever felt it beat before. She'd just regained
consciousness after having somebody she didn't have time to turn and recognize
came up behind her as she was exiting her car in her apartment complex parking
lot. It had some kind of chemical on it that caused her to pass out immediately.
Her mind raced back to that horrific moment when her quick and pointless scream
into the towel had been muffled. She remembered how there were even two teenage
boys who witnessed the abduction and her heart and mind filled with the dread of
a thousand dooms. Obviously if these people were willing to abduct her in front
of witnesses they were capable of anything. She began screaming into the rubber
ball gag that she had woken to find stuffed in her mouth. SHE WAS GOING TO DIE
AND SHE KNEW IT! THESE CRAZY LUNATICS WERE GOING TO KILL HER AND GOD ONLY KNOWS
WHAT HORRORS HER BODY WOULD BE PUT THROUGH BEFORE SHE WAS GIVEN THE RELIEF OF
DEATH!!! She almost passed out from the terror that filled her confused and
frightened mind.

"Shut up, Cunt." The red-haired woman who'd been laughing at her earlier said
aloud. She smacked Amy hard right across the lips of her vagina with her right
hand.

Amy winced, but kept on screaming. She knew she was going to die! She needed
somebody to hear her and come save her from the awful fate that had become her
future. Her stomach filled with revulsion when she finally noticed that most of
the people in the room were actually women! Other women were going to torture
her for sexual pleasure. The red haired woman seemed to be in charge. There were
two bleach blonde women who looked so much like each other it seemed obvious to
Amy that they were actually twin sisters. She noticed with disgust that these
two women were constantly clinging to each other, their hands groping and pawing
each other's bodies with lesbian wickedness. Two other women were in the room
too, one of them wearing a mask over her face. And there was a man who also had
his face covered with a latex mask just like the woman. WHAT IS HAPPENING????
Amy's tears and screaming continued as she tried to wiggle her body free of the
rope restraints to no avail. Her tears puddle on the floor beneath her and sweat
glistened off her young body. She could not escape. Her body had been designed
by the rope construction to hang over the floor, about waist high with her legs
up and bent outward. Her red-headed abductor once again came over and pinched
one of Amy's vaginal lips as hard as possible, sending her mouth open even wider
eliciting and even louder scream of agony and protest.

"I said shut up, Bitch!"

Amy quivered with fear, and realized that this woman between her legs was a
maniacal lunatic. She tried desperately to stop her crying and sobbing but found
it hard to do so as her heart pounded in her chest like Jackie Chan breaking
boards over her breasts. Sandy finally backed off, sensing that the sexy young
blonde was at least trying to co-operate now.

EXERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

Amy wasn't the only woman in that room that was terrified, I can tell you that.
My hands and lips were trembling. I'll never forget how I felt as I watched
Amy's reaction to waking up in that horrid state. I felt horrible. I not only
felt criminal but I felt like I'd done an injustice to all women in the world.
Despite how much I'd hated Amy before, I was now feeling so much sympathy for
her. But what scared me the most were the looks on the faces of everybody else
in the room. First, I hadn't even been told about the other three women and
didn't find out about them until I arrived at Steve's house. The two twins
sisters, Molly and Lisa were even already naked and touching each other before
we even left to go to Amy's apartment! And during the drive, my fear increased
at the way this other woman...the one with the tattoos and jet-black
hair...Tracy...the way she looked at me. The way she kept checking out my large
tits, licking her lower lip, nudging her foot against mine. I wanted to jump out
of the car despite the fact that it was moving at a speed of fifty miles per
hour. Sandy kept looking at me and reminding me about the video. She'd tell me
that I was going to go through with this and that I was going to act the way she
wanted me to act whether I liked it or not. I even almost screamed myself when
Tracy moved over top of me, sitting on my lap and facing me, claiming that she
was doing it to give all the others in the car more room to sit comfortably. But
I knew the real reason. I had to endure her face so close to mine that I could
smell and even breathe in the scent of whiskey and cigarettes on her breath. Her
lips were painted black just like her mascara. I think they call it a gothic
look. And the tattoos on her scared me. They were tattoos of naked women tied up
and being tortured. She finally, just before we reached Amy's apartment, began
pinching me, moving up my stomach and onto my breasts. The only reason she
finally stopped was that I got so scared I began to cry. Then she suddenly
changed, stroking my hair and moaning that it would be okay and that before the
evening was over I'd be so wet that I'd be able to cook sausages in my own
juices. That was when Sandy reminded me that even if that prediction was wrong I
was still going to go through with it. She grabbed my chin and forced my teary
terror filled eyes to look her in the face and told me that tonight she owned me
and that every time I was told to something and chose not to, the pain that I
would endure would be unbearable. My eyes couldn't help but glance down at the
large leather bag that she'd brought with her and had sitting on the floor of
the car next to her feet. When my gaze fixed once again on Sandy's angry glare I
noticed that over he shoulder, the twins, Molly and Lisa were now French kissing
each other in eager anticipation of the sadistic lesbian orgy that they were
about to participate in. They looked so young too. Each of them couldn't have
been older than 16. And I wanted to punch Steve in the face so hard when I
noticed that he couldn't take his eyes off them and that his jeans stretched
lewdly as his bulge thickened under the denim fabric. He was so turned on! And I
felt like I was about to throw up. I knew Amy wasn't the only one who was going
to be raped that night. I kept wondering why I'd ever answered the phone that
night that Steve called. He seemed like such a nice guy before and we'd
developed a friendship. Now I wanted to kill him.

Amy finally managed to subdue her screams despite her racing heartbeat and
chilling terror filled mind. Her tears continued though as did her rapid
breathing, which came out in wet gasps against the gag in her mouth. She was
certain she was going to die. Each person in the room could make out certain
words that she was trying to say through the rubber ball gag in her mouth. She
was praying to God and begging him for help. She was begging God not to let
these people kill her.

Tracy began to laugh and walked over to Amy, stroking her hair. "Amy," she said,
"We're not going to kill you. Is that what you thought?" She leaned over and
kissed the trembling beauty on the mouth. "We're not going to kill you. I
promise." She kept stroking Amy's hair and finally began to get Amy to calm down
a little. Amy spoke again through her mouth gag, and once again, it was obvious
what she was saying. "How do I know your name?" Tracy asked. Amy nodded, her
eyes still gleaming like glazed marbles of sadness and horror. "Well I can't
tell you that, Amy." The tattooed dyke smiled. "But you don't know me do you?"
Amy shook her head no and once again, her eyes filled with more tears as more
fear crept up into her chest. "Then why would I kill you?" Tracy finally asked.
This seemed to offer Amy more solace and she began to get her regular breathing
rate back. Tracy leaned down and did something that Kelly had never seen another
woman do in her entire life. She began licking the inside of Amy's left armpit.
Her tongue snaked and probed the sweaty shaven area, licking up the wetness and
moaning through her throat with a lustful ache.

Amazingly, Amy went from quivering with fear and sobbing with sorry to a slow
build up of soft giggles. This was something she'd never felt before in her life
and it tickled tremendously! Taking their cue, Molly and Lisa each walked over
to Amy's feet, taking the blonde beauty's toes into their mouths, their tongues
snaking out between the rose painted digits and slithering down along the soles
and heels as well. The sucked and licked and softly chewed on Amy's sweet small
feet causing even more giggling and wonderment from the bound blonde goddess.
Sandy also went over to Amy, and licked and sucked on her other armpit. Each
woman also groped Amy gently and lovingly, squeezing her small but pert titties,
sliding their fingers over her sweet puss, often probing it as well. Kneading
her ass. Rubbing her anus and tickling it with their lips and tongues
occasionally too. Before long the room fell silent to just the sounds of sucking
and licking and moaning. And Amy's moans and whimpers were the loudest in the
room.

Steve nudged Kelly over toward Amy but Kelly didn't budge. He nudged her again,
but she remained, only watching.

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

That pervert Steve began trying to get me involved in it. He knew I wasn't a
lesbian and yet he wanted me to go suck on Amy; a woman he knew I didn't like to
begin with. Here she was moaning with pleasure over these dykes sucking on her
body and I'm supposed to be the one suffering all of a sudden. They weren't
making Amy do anything. It was like her tears and fears of death made them all
ache to make her happy. Well I wasn't going to be a part of it. If there was
going to be lesbo action between Amy and me then I was going to be the receiver
and Amy was going to be the one doing the licking. Or so, I thought anyway.

Sandy, noticing Kelly's reluctance to give in to Steve's nudges, quickly removed
Amy's mouth gag and came over to Kelly, grabbing her by the back of the neck.
She shoved her over to Amy and forced her masked face down over the blonde's
lips. "Kiss her." She ordered.

Kelly could not say anything now. She'd agreed not to talk because she knew that
if Amy recognized her voice she'd wind up in jail for sure. Every part of her
wanted to struggle and hit this redheaded slut dyke, kick her, and scream out.
But she knew it would be the biggest mistake of her life. What Amy was going to
endure from the toys in that black bag would be child's play compared to what
would happen if Kelly's voice ever filled the room. She bent down and pressed
her lips against Amy's mouth. She knew that if she didn't probe the girl's mouth
with her tongue, Sandy would get angry, so she did. She dug her wet snaking
tongue right into the mouth of the evil whore who'd gotten her fired, as if they
were in love. As if Kelly were a lesbian and Amy was her willing partner. But
Amy finally protested this act. It was one thing having these wet tongues bath
her lovely figure in saliva, tickling her and making her skin tingle, but this
act really made her feel like a lesbian. And she was no lesbian. She pulled her
face away from Kelly's, shaking it from side to side to avoid the unwanted kiss.
"No." She said. "Get away from me."

When Sandy got a perplexed and triumphant look from Kelly over the tied girl's
reaction, she walked around to Amy's head and grabbed the tied tramp by the
hair. "Kiss her, you slut."

"No." Amy said. I'm not a lesbian."

With her other hand, the red headed bombshell pushed their faces together hard,
refusing to let go. When Amy refused Kelly's tongue entrance into her mouth once
again, she was greeted to a very painful bite in her armpit by Tracy and then
another painful bit on her thigh by Lisa. Her mouth opened in a scream that was
quickly muffled by Kelly's wet lingua, probing deep into her mouth like a
tapeworm going in the wrong direction. Amy understood a little better now and
let it happen this time. She realized that this wasn't going to be all about
tickling her and making her body quiver with excitement.

"That's right, Bitch." Tracy said, two of her fingers jamming into Amy's cunt
cavity viciously, pumping in and out then adding a third finger. "We are going
to hurt you, because it turns us on."

As if on cue, Lisa jammed the index finger of each of her hands right into Amy's
sweet tight ass, quickly pulling them apart as hard as possible. Amy offered a
painful scream at the burning pain of her rectum into Kelly's sweet and wet
probing mouth.

Molly reached into Sandy's black bag and produced what looked like one of those
paddle ball game toys but with the ball no longer stapled to it by string. She
began spanking the bottom soles of Amy's feet really hard, going back and forth
on each one, making Amy scream, wince and jerk her legs with each swat. They
continued hurting her, pinching her nipples hard, slapping her face, pulling her
hair etc. They take turns fingering her cunt and ass and then force her to lick
their fingers clean afterward, Amy's head trying desperately to jerk away from
the disgusting oral intrusions only to be overpowered and forced to suck on each
stinky nasty digit that probed her mouth.

Steve couldn't take it anymore. He began jerking his cock and felt a swooning
feeling coming over him. He was afraid he'd come too soon after only a few
seconds and quickly stopped.

Sandy pulled Amy by the hair downward so that their eyes locked on each other's,
Amy's view upside down. "That's right you nasty tramp. We got some cock here for
you, but before you get what you're used to, we're gonna get what we want. We're
gonna hurt you and make you scream and make you cry and make you suck and lick
each and every one of us in ways you never imagined possible."

"No, please!" Amy pleaded. Her tears now returned, her voice shaking in horror.

"Oh yea, baby!" Sandy said, her nipples rising in even higher attention than
they'd been before. "You're gonna eat ass and feet and pussy and armpits and
swallow more female juice than you've probably ever expelled in your entire
sexual lifetime."

"No, please. Don't do this to me."

"We're gonna show you how much of a slut you are. We're gonna hurt you and make
your body ache on fire and you know what, you little cock sucking whore? You
know what?"

"Please." Amy was crying deeper now, her tears adding to the salty puddle
already on the floor beneath her.

"Even though you'll probably never admit it to any of us," Sandy continued,
"You're gonna love every bit of it and will probably cum even more than we do."

Amy had had it now. Her face contorted into rage and she screamed out, "Fuck
you, you nasty fuckin' dyke!"

The room fell silent as everybody stared in amazement. Everybody except for
Steve and Kelly, of course. This was the real Amy that they knew too well.

"Oh." Sandy said. "Fuck me, huh?" She looked at the other girls and ordered them
to back away from the 'blonde tramp!'

Tracy shook her head and sighed. "Uh-oh." She said. "You just made a big mistake
Amy."

Those words suddenly filled Amy's face with horror again. And the way quick way
that Sandy walked away from her hanging body as if to go and retrieve something
made her even more frightened.

"No, wait." She gasped, her hot sexy sweaty body trembling at the thought of
what might be coming next. "I'm sorry. Please." She began sobbing loudly now.
The sobs built up into a blood-curdling scream when her sad glazed innocent eyes
befell on what Sandy had pulled out of a black leather bag. "NO!!!!!!!"

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

I almost shit myself when Sandy pulled it out. It reminded me immediately of
something that happened to me when I was a teenager. My junior high school had a
fish restaurant across the street from it and one day me and my friends decided
that rather than have lunch in school that day we'd sneak over to the restaurant
and eat there. We did it, knowing that it was a violation of school rules. And
when we found out we'd been caught by the principal, we were given a choice to
stay after school for two weeks or accept a paddling. The paddle was a thick
wooden paddle about an inch think and about four inches by eight inches in
girth. It was a rough paddling and the paddle that Sandy had was just like it,
with one exception; Sandy's had small holes drilled in it. I gulped when I saw
those holes. You didn't have to be a Physics major to understand their purpose.
Any paddle without holes will have wind resistance when it's brought down in the
swing, but with holes drilled into it, the wind resistance is gone. The pain is
much more intense because the swing is much more powerful without the wind
resistance. And each hole would offer more pain since it's swat on the ass would
produce a pushing down of all the other flesh and a drawing up of the fleshy
areas that are greeted by the holes. When you combine that with the fact that,
in school, I had both jeans and panties on when I took my whacks, it was obvious
that Amy's bare naked ass was in for some major fuckin' pain. Once again, I felt
myself feeling sorry for her, despite how much I hated her.

"Fuck me, huh?" Sandy spat out, spittle flying from her angry lips and a demonic
gleam in her eyes.

"NO!" Amy screamed out. "PLEASE! GOD, NO!!!!!"

"I don't think so, Blondie!" Sandy screamed out. "I think its FUCK YOU!!!!"

When Sandy swung that paddle into Amy's naked soft ass, she swung it hard, and
the screams that followed caused every other person in the room to clutch their
hands over their ears. Kelly even began to shake and tremble again. From the
neck up, Amy looked as if she was being eaten alive by a great white shark. Her
face was a gaping openness of screaming horror that flushed her whole face red
and gave it the appearance that she might pass out any second. But her face
wasn't even close to being as red as her ass was now. When Sandy swung the
paddle back to hit the blonde bundle of sexy sweetness once again, Tracy did
something that made Kelly realize just who it was in the room who was really in
charge. She reached out and grabbed Sandy by the arm, forcing her to drop the
paddle to the floor with a loud wooden thwack sound. It came only a half an inch
from breaking Steve's foot.

"That's enough!" Tracy yelled out loudly. "Another one would probably kill her!"

"PLEASE!!!!!!" Amy shouted in mortal terror and pain. "NO!!!! PLEASE!!!!!!" Now
her face didn't even appear to be just crying anymore. Her eyes were spurting
spoonfuls of water over her whole face, glossing it into one mass of hurt. Her
breathing rasped, her small titties rising and falling, and almost halting as
she gasped for breaths that didn't even seem to want to come out. "NO!!!!! GOD,
PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!!!!!" It would be a long time before she stopped crying now.

Sandy, embarrassed by Tracy's burst of control and in need to vent her anger
turned to Kelly and began pulling the woman's clothes off. Kelly began to
struggle but Tracy held her arms along with Lisa and Molly. Kelly was just about
to yell out when Steve clamped his hand over her mouth. Within seconds, Kelly
was butt naked and just about to start screaming and crying herself. But any
scream would've never made it to the air since within a few more seconds she was
forced to her knees, her mouth being impaled over Steve's hard erection. All the
women were forcing her to suck off Steve, as if they just needed something else
to focus on rather than Amy's saddened screams of anguish and pain. Within
seconds Steve was humping Kelly's mouth furiously, shoving his smelly piss
topped cock deep into her throat. Kelly gagged.

"Breath through your nose, Bitch." Sandy ordered. "Breath through your nose."

At first, Kelly didn't understand the order, but when Sandy pushed her head so
hard that Steve's balls mashed against Kelly's chin, the woman understood
immediately what the order was for. It was do it or die. Gasping for breath
through her sputtering lips was not even an option anymore. Steve's entire
seven-inch cock was actually causing Kelly's throat to bulge outward, the sight
causing Molly to laugh. "Take it, Bitch." She spat out with giggles. "Suck that
stinky pecker." Lisa began to laugh too. Steve was lost in a haze of unbridled
lust as he humped the woman's face so hard that his balls actually ached from
how hard they banged against her chin. This was the best oral fuck he'd ever
had. Sandy was pushing hard on the back of Kelly's head, and the other girls had
her arms pinned back so that she could do nothing to stop the brutal assault on
her mouth. Tears were finally filling her eyes once again, as they had in the
car earlier.

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

I thought I was going to fucking die! I'm serious! These bitches were laughing
and meanwhile I'm about to choke to death. I don't know if they could hear my
gasping breath that was being forced to come out of my nostrils, since Amy was
oblivious to all of this and still screaming out in pain and begging for God to
save her. But I could hear it. It was like having a boa constrictor trying to
choke me. I really thought they were going to kill me!

"When he comes, swallow it fast and keep breathing through your nose." Tracy
said. And she said it like it was a piece of advice rather than an order.

"You'd better." Sandy added. "Or you're gonna choke."

"We're not going to let anybody choke." Tracy said to Sandy firmly, anger in her
eyes.

As if defiance Kelly began pushing on Kelly's head even harder, doing the
pumping for Steve so that he could relax and just stand there. This added bonus
for the only male in the room caused him to explode with a gush of sperm that
shot right down Kelly's oral cavity. The sound of her swallowing while still
gasping through her nostrils made Molly and Lisa laugh once again. Steve wasn't
laughing though. He was quivering with the best orgasm he'd ever had in his
entire life. The sights of Kelly's brutal face rape combined with the hot sexy
talk between the girls and the evilness of it all brought up a rush into his
body that made him realize that he'd never have an orgasm that good again,
unless Sandy was in the room.

Amy finally noticed what was happening and the fact that it appeared that
another woman was also being raped now in front of her was more than she could
handle. She began crying even more. "What's wrong with you people!!???"

Poor precious Amy, who'd never had more than two sexual encounters in her life
with only one boy, was held captive by her sick demented abusers for hours. She
was forced to lick the pussy of each woman one after the other, the wet gaping
cavities being lowered onto her hanging face with hands forcing her to comply
and a reminder of the paddle if she didn't. She was forced to suck the feet of
each girl too, their stinky odor and nastiness filling both her nostrils and
mouth. Then came the armpits, slimy with sweat and smelliness, each one lowered
over her mouth and forcing her to snake her tongue over each one for prolonged
periods while the girls giggled and called her a tramp and a whore and a slut.
She was forced to fuck each girl with her nose in both their pussies and asses,
the humiliation and laughter of the event causing her to cry and blush with
reddened embarrassment, followed by the further degradation of having to have
her nose cleaned out of pussy juice and poop after several hard fuckings. As
each of these events took place, she was also subjected to horrid pinches on her
flaming pained ass by both Molly and Lisa, followed by the sound of laughter
over the tears that each pinch produced. She was forced by all the girls to lick
out their assholes until her tongue was caked with their brown shit. Then the
masked girl was forced to French kiss her for a long time, trading the nastiness
between their mouths. Then, she was lowered by one of the pulleys to the floor
where her hot naked pained ass was dropped onto a mattress. And that's when the
horrors really began. Sandy pulled another toy out of her bag and strapped it on
her torso. It was a huge massive black dildo that was at least 14 inches long
and four inches thick. Amy began screaming again but to no avail. Even Tracy sat
back with fascination over the idea of the blonde beauty getting hurt hard with
this huge rubber dick. Though she did, to Amy's relief, order Sandy to take it
easy at first. "Don't ram it in immediately. Work it slowly. Or else you'll kill
her with it. She's a small girl."

Watching Amy get fucked with the dildo turned Steve on again and he felt his
erection coming back once again. Sandy finally got to the point where she had
Amy's legs jacked up over her shoulders and she was fucking the small framed gal
good and hard. Amy grunted, winced and moaned, but it was obvious to everybody
in the room who was watching the dildo plunge into her pussy that the girl was
finally getting the sexual relief that she needed. The cum that clung to the
dildo looked almost like cake icing and there was no denying that it was
spilling out from Amy's sweet cavity of love. Her eyes began to roll back, the
lids fluttering and her legs twitched in spasmodic acceptance, her pelvis now
thrusting back to meet the lustful thrusts of her lesbian rapist.

"Yea, that's it." Tracy said. "You're getting into it now, ain't ya Amy?"

The blonde adult on her back with the massive love toy plunging into her sweet
bald cunt turned her head away from them all in shame. But she knew it was true.
She was cumming, cumming and cumming. Her body had never felt this good in her
entire existence. Why couldn't the entire evening have been like this?

Sandy grabbed her by the hair and forced her to look into her rapist's eyes.
"Answer her, Bitch." Sandy ordered. "Tell us how much you like it."

"Fuck you." Amy spat out.

"Oh you are, baby. You are." Sandy laughed. "And you're loving it too. They can
see your excitement and I can fucking smell it."

"I don't enjoy being raped!" Amy shrieked.

"Then how do you explain that puddle of taco sauce under your butt right now?"
Lisa laughed. Molly busted out with laughter at her lovers witty metaphor.

Tracy laughed too. "Yea, come off it, Amy." She said. "There's enough quim cream
under your precious ass to bake two dozen bagels with."

"Say it, Bitch" Sandy screamed out in anger. "Say I own you. Say it."

Amy began to flush with humiliation, her face reddening and her legs still
twitching over the glorious sensations taking over her.

"Give into it, Amy." Tracy said. "There's nothing wrong with a good admission of
lust."

Amy's body spasmed with another mind blowing cum as her body shook with lust,
sweat dripping off her shoulders. Her mouth gave it away as she moaned with
pleasure once again.

"Say it, Bitch!" Sandy shrieked. "Tell me I own this pussy. Whose pussy is
this???!!"

Amy remained defiant, though her body, eyes, sweat and the creamy cunt soup that
clung to the dildo and dripped over her anus adding to the already widening
puddle of her juices on the mattress beneath her gave away the truth to all who
could see and smell her erotic exhilaration.

"Whose pussy is this?" Sandy yelled again.

Amy gave in and exploded in a verbal outburst that moistened every pussy in that
room, including Kelly's. "It's your pussy. I'm your bitch! You own me! This is
your pussy! My ass is yours. My tits are yours! I'm your toy, your cunt, your
fuck doll! I'm your ass slave, and pussy slave! I'm yours to do with as you
like. Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck this hot pussy harder; make me cum and cum
and cum. Make my cunt burn some more! Make my nipples dance! Pull my thighs
apart! Slap my face! Pull my hair! Clutch my throat! Make my legs twitch and set
my ass on fire! I wanna be your bitch! I wanna be your cunt! I wanna belong to
everybody in this room for the rest of my fuckin' life!!!!!!!! Harder! Harder!
Fuck me! Fuck your pussy, baby. This is YOUR pussy. Do what you want with it!
Fuck me! Make me your slut! I'M A FUCKING LESBIAN!!!!!!! FUCK
MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

The sounds of the hoots and hollers that filled the room along with the clapping
hands that echoed with them only fueled Amy on even more. She dug he heels into
Sandy's ass and began pulling her rubber cock deeper into her cunt. "FUCK
ME!!!!!! FUCK ME!!!!!! I WANNA BE  YOUR BITCH!!!!!!"

Sandy leaned down and kissed Amy deep with a satisfied smile on her face. Amy
pressed her mouth back and dug her tongue deep into the woman's mouth; they
kissed as the squishing sound of the young bald pussy was pummeled with the cock
below their lesbian saliva exchange.

EXCERPT FROM KELLY'S DIARY:

I have to admit. I was jealous of Amy at that point. When I saw how much cum was
oozing out of her, I kept thinking why can't that be me right now? What the hell
did I get out of this? And I can't believe how long she fucked her too. It went
on forever. I'm surprised that Sandy didn't have a heart attack from the workout
she must've gotten. Amy just lay there, though she'd pull Sandy into her a lot
with her sweet feet. Bucking it back, wanting it like a slut. It was hot! And it
lasted so long that after awhile her entire pussy, not just the clit or even the
outer lips...but the entire area just began to glow a crimson color that was
glorious to behold. It was just one puffy pulsating pink paunch of passion,
dripping with love and acceptance. The way that ass of hers bucked back...it
made my pussy wet just watching it. I didn't even mind when Molly and Lisa came
over to me. Because this time it was my turn to have a good juicing. They sucked
and licked my pussy and ass while I watched that brutal love fucking that Amy's
sweet strawberry took for what seemed like forever. Finally, Steve came over and
fucked me hard. I didn't even mind though I was so mad at him before. Now I was
in love with him, sucking his tongue into my mouth while he pounded my pussy. We
went on and on all night. Amy took Steve up the ass along with Sandy's big dildo
on the bottom still fucking her. At first, she was afraid because she kept
saying that she'd never taken it up the ass before. But Sandy made her do it
anyway, of course. Amy winced and cried at first, but before long, she was
flowing with juices again. She kept saying that her pussy was too sore to be
fucked anymore, but Tracy told her that a sore pussy feels great when it cums,
and she must've been right. Because Amy screamed louder with those orgasms than
she had all night. As far as passionate screams go that is. I don't think she
ever wanted to feel that paddle again. It was funny though, because Tracy yanked
off Steve's masks and mine and Amy wasn't even mad at us. She kept saying that
she wanted to be owned by all of us and she kept thanking Sandy for introducing
her to a life that she never even knew existed. We laughed when she made us
promise that any more anal nose fuckings would be much more enjoyable if we had
enema's first to clean ourselves out. Sandy told her she'd think about it, and
we laughed again. Sandy even wound up crying and apologizing when the paddle was
brought up. She realized she swung it excessively hard and Amy forgave her. They
kissed and cuddled for days after that. Amy even quit her job just to continue
the love orgy, which lasted for days. We've done so much since. Horses. Dogs.
Fisting. If you're a woman and you've never experienced the joy of having
another woman suck on your snatch while you piss into her mouth, by the way, I
highly suggest it. Lisa is quite a talent in that area. And I've lost count of
how many anal fuckings Amy and I've already taken by that huge black dildo. We
love it, especially when Molly or Lisa is under us licking our love buttons like
a kitten under a cow udder.

Now I know why Amy spoke out to God. Now I know there IS a God. And his name is
Steve.

THE END

COMING SOON - Part 1of 'The Fear Trilogy' - "WHEN SANDY MET TRACY"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Big Dick McGee(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





