BDSM Library - Education, Education, Education




Education, Education, Education
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Five university students are introduced to their new lives when they are abducted by slaver Freddie Clegg.
Education, Education, Education

Chapter 1 - The Value of A Good Education

Now don't get me wrong. I am as much in favour of education as the next man.
Even more so, as I think you will see. It's just that I am not convinced that
the process is really delivering the right results. It seems that our
universities are turning out people who have the academic skills but lack the
practical understanding to apply them to every-day problems. It's not that it's
a difficulty for me, of course, but I suppose I just find it disappointing. I'm
in contact with some of the best products of our university system and they just
do not seem to really get the most from their education. They are full of
book-learning but have no way to apply it. In contrast, Elly, my assistant in
this enterprise has absolutely no qualifications in anything but she does have
an extraordinary amount of common sense and most of the time that seems to count
for more. 

Anyway enough of the complaints; graduate recruitment is what is required and
graduate recruitment is what I provide. You cannot argue with the customer,
after all. It's a growing part of the market. Since the government tells us that
we are in a knowledge economy it shouldn't be a surprise that clients are
getting as interested in brains as much as in beauty. I just feel that you have
to ask about value for money - especially with the premium that this sort of
recruitment commands.

Just take my latest five recruits, for example. None of them has really got the
full benefit of their studies, yet. As a result, I am currently working with a
medical student that has failed to appreciate the action of simple drugs; an
engineering graduate with only a limited appreciation of the qualities of carbon
steel; a business studies major that is having trouble understanding the way in
which markets work, a language scholar that is having the greatest difficulty in
putting her thoughts and feelings into words and a sociologist who has turned
out to be one of the worst judges of character that I have met. 

In fact, I do sometimes wonder if what I call a graduate intake programme
wouldn't be better called a graduates taken-in programme. 

But still, the cheque book rules, I always say. If graduates are what's wanted,
then graduates will be recruited. Since my commissions were to find an MD, an
MSc(Eng), an MBA, a holder of a TEFL certificate and a BA Soc, I will have met
my targets. And, who knows, maybe their new positions will give them the chance
to put their qualifications into a more practical context. Even so, I wouldn't
want my clients to think they were getting more than I can realistically
deliver. After all setting expectations that can be met is the first stage in
creating real customer satisfaction in business.




Chapter 2 - Take Five Girls

Let me try to explain how things work. Take the five new recruits I mentioned
before. As far as they have thought, up until now, I have been representing a
graduate head-hunting organisation. In a sense they are right but their
underlying assumptions about the nature of my business are, of course, wrong. To
them Heads You Win Ltd. has been spotting potential high-flyers for a graduate
training programme.  Right again but wrong, if you see what I mean.

As a result of our initial discussions they were all looking forward to the
chance of being taken on by a major multi-national enterprise that would give
them the opportunity to travel and to learn new skills while putting their
current knowledge to good use. And, in a sense of course, they were right. It's
just that I think they formed the impression that it might involve paid work and
that they might have some choice in the matter. So now the five of them are on
the first stage of their new career without having to do anything more than turn
up at the confidential interview sessions that my business invited them to.

(By the way, this has to be one of the easiest ways of doing this job that I
have found. My candidates arrive of their own accord. They have been
particularly secretive about their opportunity in case any of their co-students
should get to hear of their good fortune. As a result they walk in wide-eyed and
willing with no one to miss them for a while and no links to their abductors.)

So what of our five new recruits? They are all now in what we call the staging
post - a large house that we use between the various recruitment interview
venues and the airfield where our export facilities are located. 

In the basement of the staging post is a series of small rooms. In the first we
find Debbie Gifford, our medic, slowly recovering from the powerful
tranquilliser that laced the coffee she drank down as we started her interview.
She has just about realised that this is rather different from the hang-over
that she would have had after a late night session on vodka mixes but she hasn't
quite remembered that she wasn't out drinking last night nor has she worked out
why she cannot move her arms or her legs.  Pretty soon she will realise that
it's because of the ropes and then the panic will start to set in. That's always
the most worrying time because that's when they can hurt themselves accidentally
and the last thing I need is bruising so early on. Still I will be around just
to make sure she's all right.

Nancy Carter, the engineer, is, however, already well awake. In spite of her
training in the nature of metals she is determined to prove that she can break
out of the handcuffs that are locked around her wrists. It is evidently a
considerable source of frustration to her that the efforts of struggling for an
hour or so have had no effect but in time she will calm down and the grunts of
her efforts will be replaced by a quieter sobbing.

Nancy is still locked in her cell, not yet aware of what has happened to her.
Angela Dennis on the other hand is now realising her fate. Having recovered
consciousness two hours ago, we have brought her up to the office to get her
ready for the next step in her travels. She has coped with the first stage
reasonably well although she's not looking quite the trim, business woman that
turned up for interview. Her hair is rather seriously messed, she has ripped the
side seam of her skirt at some point trying to free herself and she has laddered
her tights, probably in the same way. Elly peels away the strips of tape that
cover the lower part of her face. Angela spits out the wad of cloth that she has
been gagged with and harangues us with the usual round of abuse that we have
come to expect from new recruits - it's quite extraordinary how colourful the
language of even the most respectably looking young ladies can become at this
point. As usual we are told that we have no right to do this to her (almost
certainly true); that she has nothing that we can steal (we know); that there is
no point in trying to extort a ransom (which we don't intend to do); and that we
had better release her (which she doesn't provide any good reason for doing).

She doesn't appear to let the fact that her wrists are still tightly bound with
rope interfere with the vehemence of her arguments. We let her finish. There's
no danger that she can be overheard and she might as well get it out of her
system. I invite her to sit down which she eventually does with some help from
my colleague. It's at this point that I explain to her that if we had intended
to rob her or ransom her that we probably would have been rather more careful to
avoid the risk of her recognising us; that it doesn't matter because its not a
piece of information she will be able to make use of; and that, in a short time,
she will be on her way to her new position. I explain to her that she should be
pleased that the combination of a good degree, a trim figure and attractive
appearance mean that she is a very marketable commodity and that, as a result,
she will find herself a wealthy owner with all the benefits that go with that. I
describe how the laws of supply and demand have created a market in which
someone with her training in business management, understanding of
macro-economic theory and, of course, blonde hair and good tits is likely to
find herself as part of the global cycle of trade. She tries to explain that
people cannot be bought and sold but she obviously has not got to grips with the
features of this particular area of business. In the end we get bored with
listening to her, jam the wad of cloth back in her mouth and add some more tape
to keep it in place. She becomes more agitated, so we add some more rope to stop
her thrashing around and stick her back in a cell. I can't be bothered to
explain to her that she will have to be stripped later on. We'll let that be a
surprise for her.




Chapter 3 - A More Problematic Interview

The fourth of my recruits is the teacher, Amanda Cairns. Actually, I was being a
little unfair when I said she was having difficulty putting her thoughts into
words. She is having trouble getting her words out but that is mainly the result
of the gag, I suppose. 

She was the one to give us the most trouble at the interview. I think she may
have become suspicious at some point because she refused a drink and seemed to
be trying to find an excuse to leave. In the end I brought the discussion to an
early close, assured her that we were still interested in having further
discussions, buzzed Elly on the intercom to tell her that Ms. Cairns was leaving
early, and escorted her towards the door. Of course, she didn't get that far. I
would not want someone to miss out on an important opportunity simply because
they got cold feet at the interview. I grabbed her as she reached for the door
handle and spun her around against the wall. She kicked out and nearly broke
free as Elly burst into the room with a chloroform pad at the ready - she'd
understood the significance of my intercom call. I held Cairns as Elly clamped
the pad over her face. The chloro' took effect and Amanda's struggles subsided.
By the time she was unconscious though I had bruises on my shins and some
scratch marks on my hands - annoying.

One she was out cold, we parcelled her up as normal - handcuffs on the wrists,
ropes around chest, ankles and knees and a wad of cloth with duct tape to
complete as a gag. Of course one of the problems if you have difficulties is
that you get a bit more careful so I suppose the ropes were tied a bit tighter
than absolutely necessary and the gag used a bit more stuffing and a lot more
tape than usual. Elly grinned, suggested that my powers to charm must be waning
and then helped me to bundle our now unconscious teacher out of the back of the
building and into the boot of our car.

Now the poor girl is sitting up on the frame bed in her cell scowling at us and
grunting through her gag. She's no doubt thinking about trying to escape. I am
thinking that we will have to cut the tape from her gag out of her hair in order
to have a sensible conversation. I decide to leave it there for now. I tell her
about the future. Her eyes widen with each remark and she's shaking her head in
either disbelief or disagreement. The muffled cries from behind her gag get
progressively more intense. I explain to her that she has been brought here
because of her skills and that she will have plenty of opportunity to make use
of them in her new life. She doesn't seem impressed. I also point out that the
fact that she has good legs won't hurt either. That doesn't help. When I explain
that her new life will involve an interesting combination of professional and
personal services she becomes extremely agitated.

She's going to be a challenge but I think she will not prove too difficult to
break.




Chapter 4 - The Sociable Sort

Then of course we have, Melissa, our sociologist. Boy, did she make a wrong call
when she worked out how to play the interview.

We know quite a bit about our recruits before they ever turn up at interview so
we didn't expect her to look the way she did. For someone we knew to favour
trainers, jeans and a sweatshirt; her outfit was a surprise. The tight trousers,
worn with spike heeled boots, well cut shirt and waistcoat certainly made an
impression. And she'd made a real effort with her hair and make-up too. Elly had
grinned as she'd shown her in for the interview and I had sat back thinking that
training her was going to be easier than I had thought. Of course as the
interview progressed she had tried even harder. She had obviously thought that
flirting with the interviewer was a good move; she invited me to call her "Mel";
she took trouble to make sure I got a flash of cleavage where she had left
undone just one more shirt button than was decent. That was fine by me, it just
confirmed my assessment - she fitted the bill from an academic perspective and
could be made to fit in regarding the other requirements of my clients without
too much effort. She was fluttering her eyelashes at me over the top of her
coffee cup as the drug kicked in and she slumped forward towards the desk.

Melissa has recovered from her trip in the boot of our car and is now standing
in the office. She's still gagged, roped and handcuffed and, I suspect, feeling
stupid. Elly stands to one side watching her. I ask her if she is going to
behave sensibly. She scowls over her gag and then nods.

Elly, as she has done so many times, eases off the tape. Melissa keeps quiet. We
go through the same ritual that I cover which each of the recruits. I explain
that she has been abducted and that because of the way that we do things there
is no question of her being rescued. She is told that she will be leaving the
country; that she will become the property of her new owner overseas and that
she can expect better treatment in return for cooperation. She will remain
secured at all times and gagged whenever it seems necessary.

I decide to have a little fun with her and tell her that she came across
particularly well at the interview and that her new owner will appreciate her
flirtatious manner. She blushes. I tell her I am particularly intrigued by what
she has under her waistcoat and that I am sure she will not mind me undoing the
few remaining buttons of her shirt. Melissa protests but, while Elly holds her
still, I unbutton her shirt, professing satisfaction with what I find and
assuring her that her new owner will be quite happy with what he will be
getting. She is obviously embarrassed but whether this is the result of being
half stripped or because of she feels that her flirting earlier has in some way
contributed to her current situation, is impossible to tell. One thing is sure,
she won't like being stripped later, either.  I don't bother to button her
shirt, she might as well get used to a little exposure. She is gagged like the
others and taken back down stairs.




Chapter 5 - Medic & Mechanic

So, that leaves just two - our medical student and our engineer. I can see from
the closed circuit television cameras that we have installed in all the cells
that Debbie Gifford has managed to struggle up to a sitting position but seems
to be quiet, while Nancy Carter is still twisting and wriggling to loosen her
bonds. We bring Debbie up to the office first.

Debbie seems resigned and comes quietly. She says nothing as her gag is removed,
nothing as I run through the same routine as I have done for the others. It
hardly seems worth having taken the gag off and she doesn't resist as Elly puts
it back. I ask if she has understood what we have told her; about what will
happen to her, her new home and her new life. She nods slowly. She only seems to
show any shock as she catches sight of herself in a mirror. Her white blouse has
some oily spots from being brought here in the car boot, her black skirt is
dusty and a strand of her long dark hair has worked loose from the pins that
held it up. I think she looks prettily dishevelled. She seems puzzled as to how
she can look this way. She's obviously scared and in shock. There's no sense in
making things worse now, she could just panic. I tell Elly to put her back in
her cell. A little while later I check her out on the CCTV. She's sitting bolt
upright on the side of her bed staring straight ahead. I am still worried about
her - she's going to need quite a lot of help adjusting to her new situation.

Nancy does anything but come quietly. She tries to run for it as soon as her
legs have been untied and she is out in the corridor. Elly spins her back
against the wall. Nancy kicks out but misses. Elly shocks her with the stun gun
she keeps handy for emergencies. We drag her back into the cell. Elly is pissed
by this disruption to her routine and goes to work on Nancy with some more rope.
As the stun wears off, Nancy is struggling to cope with a vicious hogtie and her
elbows roped almost together behind her back. Elly has cut off her tape gag (and
more than a few tufts of ginger hair with it) stuffed some more cloth in her
mouth and kept it there with a length of rope that is tied across Nancy's mouth
and back behind her head to the ropes cinching her elbows. Nancy moans as she
recovers. Elly grins. I decide there will be nothing gained from taking her up
stairs and decide to brief her there. I go through the main points, Nancy's
grunts of anger turn to moans of discomfort as she tries to ease the strain on
her body from the ropes. I say that surely, as an engineer she should appreciate
the stresses and tensions involved. She gives a groan that is half angry and
half resigned. I ask her if she's prepared to behave if I loosen something off
for her. She thinks about it for a moment and then nods her head. I think about
loosening her blouse but decide that would be more than a little unfair and
untie the hog tie that links her ankles and wrists. Nancy gives a moan of
relief. Elly snorts in disgust and stalks out but, as far as I am concerned, for
Nancy that's the first compliant response we have seen - the start of her
training.

So there we are. Five graduates, secure in their cells and all ready for the
next step in their journey. The benefits of their higher education are not yet
apparent to me, although it is interesting to note that the two ex-public school
girls, Nancy and Amanda, seem to be showing the most spirit so far. I am sure
their new owner will get good value from all of them.

Perhaps education isn't what they needed; perhaps training is more the
requirement. Certainly their new home will provide ample opportunities for that.
They are all going to learn to become proficient in new skills but those will be
achieved through practical application rather than academic study.

I am confident, though, that they will make the grade. This recruitment business
isn't a matter of simply snatching up any passing female. It takes a lot of
research to ensure that my recruits will fit in with the needs of my clients. 
That research is as demanding as anything going on in the halls of learning of
this university. Just as an interlude, I'll give you a taste of just how much
trouble we go to in researching our recruits.




Chapter 6 - Primary Sources

Now, every good degree course involves an element of research. While my new
recruits are not going to be researching anything for a while, research is an
essential part of my activities before taking them on.

In preparation for this group of five I had to carry out my usual trawl through
the primary sources and I now find myself engaged in a essential data collection
exercise.....

"All right, bitch, where's the money?" I push the gun up under the girl's
throat. "Where's the money?" I can be quite aggressive when needed.

"There isn't any, please believe me. There's nothing here."

We are in the administration office of the university faculty. It is early on
Friday evening and the two girls who were just about to close up are wishing
they had done so ten minutes earlier. For them the week-ed is definitely going
to be starting late.

"Get down on the floor, both of you," I bark. It would have been easier if they
weren't here but no matter. In some ways it helps to have some witnesses. "And
get your hands behind your backs." While they do this I turn the key in the
office door and slip the sign round to read "CLOSED" so that no one disturbs us,

"What are you going to do?" The younger of the two seems to want to chat. I'm
not in the mood. Why are they always so impatient to know what happens next?
They find out soon enough, and, anyway, haven't they seen enough movies to be
able to make a half-way reasonable guess?

"Just keep quiet and you won't get hurt. Now do as I say." They both oblige.
They seem pretty intimidated by the gun and the ski mask but even so it's always
a good sign when they start to cooperate. I use cable ties to do the job on
their wrists and ankles. The small blond one whimpers as I jerk the strip tight
around her wrists.

As far as my two captives are concerned this will be a simple robbery. For my
part I just want to get at the student files for a dozen or so prospective
recruits without, of course, raising any suspicions. The search for cash gives
me an excuse to ransack the files.

I tell them to sit up. It is always amusing to watch helpless women wriggling
while bound. I guess that when I stop enjoying that I will know I have got too
old for this little game of ours. They eventually succeed. I lift each of them
up and sit them back on the chairs behind their own desks. I pull some phone
cords and network cables from their sockets (the average office is now a
complete warehouse of bondage goodies) and tie them in place. Hands are tied
back to the chair upright, feet are lifted clear of the ground, waist ties lock
them in the chair and a further length around the knees serves to keep them
steady - standard stuff. I think that gags are going to be more of a problem
until I spot a shopping bag on Blondie's desk - two packs of tights and some new
panties that she must have bought in a shopping trip that lunch time: ideal.  

I decide that I don't want to get engaged in the "please don't gag us - we'll
keep quiet" conversation that is almost mandatory in these situations. So for
each in turn I just jam the gun against their head and push a couple of pairs of
panties in their mouths (Blondie's taste in underwear is such that it would take
more than two pairs to make a really good gag but it does for what I need here)
and secure them there with the pantyhose.

To maintain the fiction of a robbery, I let them watch as I turn out their
handbags. There's not much cash and only a couple of credit cards each but I
pocket them anyway. The credit cards provide me with an introduction to my
captives.  "Blondie" turns out to be Sue Clark while her younger colleague is
Katie Reed. I try to be polite. They just scowl.

For the last bit I want them blindfolded. Fortunately Katie comes to my rescue.
Sue is wearing a roll neck sweater over a short corduroy skirt but Katie has on
a regular shirt and jeans. I decide the sleeves of Katie's shirt will make fine
blindfolds and flick out my pocketknife, much to the consternation of the two
girls. However, the cables keep them tight to their chairs and Katie can only
squeal into her gag as I cut away the sleeves of her blouse. She's almost
relieved when I tie one across her eyes to blindfold her. Sue gets the other
sleeve and I tell both of them to keep still and quiet while I look for the
money.

I give the office a good turning over, spreading files around and emptying
drawers before heading off into the main file room. I find the files I want
quickly enough. Sue and Katie obviously run an efficient office and it's almost
a shame to make such a mess. I photograph the contents of the files I want and
toss them back into the pile of muddle that I have made. In turning out one of
the desks I find a cash box with five hundred pounds; not much but enough to
justify my having been there.

"I found the cash, you liars," I snarl as I head back into the office. I check
to make sure that they are still tied securely and the gags and blindfolds are
still in place. The two of them struggle and mew as I work around them but they
have been well behaved and haven't really made any progress I getting loose. I
reckon the gags will last about 15 minutes before they get them loose. That is
plenty of time for me. 

"Sorry to be leaving," I say. "You are nice looking ladies and I'd have loved to
stay and play. We could have cut some more from that shirt of yours, Katie, to
see what's under there. I am sure that Susie's got a nice pair of tits under her
sweater, too but I don't really have the time. You two stay very still and quiet
until you hear my car leave the car park. Then you can try to get free.
Understand?"

The two of them nod and make affirmative grunts. I bid them farewell and leave.
I pull off my ski mask and walk away from the office. I guess they spend a while
straining to hear the sound of my non-existent car before eventually starting
wriggle free.

As the local paper had it, "University Raider Terrorises Staff". According to
them a violent, masked, gunman had "seized several thousand pounds and tied up
two staff in a vicious attack at the University's administration building".
According to me, I now had the application forms, course details, accommodation
addresses, and selection interview notes for each of my prospective recruits. Oh
yes, and five hundred pounds - why do the press exaggerate so - and some loose
change from the girls. (Also of course I also had the opportunity to meet two
potential recruits if a client ever needs a secretary-slave. No qualifications,
I'll bet, but really effective administrators.)

Anyway, the university admin office burglary gave me a substantial chunk of
information. Nobody gets a Nobel prize for this sort of research but it always
makes the rest of the job easier. I like to get the medical records and their
banking details as well.

The banks are easy - its no effort to create a bogus credit checking company and
they seem only too willing to pass over details of accounts and credit cards.

Medical stuff is usually harder but this time I manage to hack into the
University Clinic's computer systems. In some ways it's a disappointment - I'd
been looking forward to another little burglary spree, perhaps with the benefit
of some of the clinic's nurses trussed up in their cute, white uniforms and
gagged with that really sticky surgical tape. Still it wasn't to be this time
around. I had my data and you really have to quit when you've got all you need.




Chapter 7  - Ready To Go

So, anyway, back to our quintet in the staging post:- Debbie our medic, Nancy
our challenging engineer, Angela Amanda, and Mel.

Their next step is to be made ready for transport. Fortunately the flight is
going to be ready on time so I don't have to keep them hanging around too long.
We don't really have the facilities for long term retention or for training at
the staging post and I always feel its important to get on with that as soon as
possible after they are brought in. 

Each of them go through exactly the same routine - if you've got a process then
there's less risk of a failure - so I'll just take you through one in detail. We
decide that Debbie should go first. We start off by checking the CCTV, she looks
as though she has relaxed a little. She's still sitting up on the bed but she's
looking around and occasionally testing the strength of her bonds. We go into
the cell; she looks up. Elly removes her gag.

"Oh, thank you," Debbie says. It's the first time she has spoken. "Can I have
drink please, just some water."

I tell her no, there are other things to do first.  I tell her I have to note
down her details on a form I have. I show her the clipboard with her name on the
form.  Elly shows her the stun gun, tells her not to make trouble, unties her
ankles and takes off her handcuffs. She sits on the bed rubbing her wrists and
asking if she is going to be released. I tell her no, again.

Next comes what, for many, is the part where they start to realise what all this
will mean. I tell her to strip.

She begs us not to make her, as they all do, but, in the end obeys, peeling off
her white blouse, dropping her skirt around her ankles and stepping out of her
shoes. For some reason they all stop at that point and need to be told to take
the rest off, but she's soon naked. That's not enough - we tell her to take her
jewellery off as well. She insists it's not valuable but for us that is not the
point - she has to travel without any belongings, without anything to link her
to her past.

Now we get the first chance to check that we have got a recruit that will
measure up on the physical side as well as on the intellectual. Debbie seems
fine on that count; tits are good, neat bum, firm belly - she'll be fine, I
decide.

We check her over for distinguishing marks and note them down. Like many of our
recruits she already carries a tattoo - in this case a small dolphin low down on
the left side of her back. She'll get the tattoo of her slave number later. We
check her for piercings; these must be recorded too. She has none yet, I note,
apart from two in each ear. 

We tell her to use the bucket in the corner of the cell. She looks aghast but
sees we don't intend to give her any privacy and performs as best she can. Elly
gives her some tissue to wipe herself off. She finishes and stands up trying to
use her hands to give her some modesty. I let it ride. She'll have plenty of
opportunity to learn that modesty is not a highly regarded virtue in her new
life.

We explain to her that we will ensure that all contacts with her past are to be
destroyed. We list out the inventory of her clothes and jewellery recording each
item on the clipboard, packing them all away in a sealed bag, marked for
incineration.

Elly gets out the restraints - two padded wrist cuffs, two ankle cuffs, a collar
and waist belt. We padlock them on to her. She doesn't resist.

I take a small steel tag from my pocket and check it against the clipboard
making sure it has the right number engraved on it. I tell her that this is her
new identity; that she must remember her number and always respond to it. She
shakes her head in disbelief but does not argue.

Elly follows up with ear plugs and the leather, tight-fitting, lockable, hood
that we use to ensure captives are unable to see or hear for the duration of
their transfer. Finally, she adds the gag - this time a rubber plug pushed into
her mouth and held in place with a locked strap.

With that the hooded, silenced, captive begins her journey. She is lead from her
staging post cell down the corridor to the loading bay at the rear of the
building. She is placed on the couch that makes up the lower half of her
transport crate. Each of her restraints is fastened to it. Elly administers an
intra-venous tranquilliser and connects the captive to the drip line and time
dispenser that forms part of the couch and will keep her subdued for the
duration of her transport.  We connect the respiration and heart rate monitors
to her wrist restraints and hood Once it is clear that unconsciousness is
established the top part of the transport crate is fitted over the captive and
fastened in place. The captive's number is marked on the crate.  We check that
the external indicators show her respiration and heart rate as normal. 

And so it is for each of them. The same routine, the same result. Some try to
resist more than others. Some rebel at the order to strip - Melissa in the end
has her clothes torn from her as Elly holds her struggling body. Others show
defiance as Nancy Carter did, still struggling at every opportunity. But the
outcome is the same, five black crates, identical except for the numbers marked
on the outside, each containing an unconsciousness and secure captive, loaded
onto a truck and heading for the freight hold of the flight that will take them
to their new lives.




Chapter 8  - Skills In Use

Some time later I am invited by my client to visit his Tibetan mountain domain
in order to see the results of the initial training received by the five
recruits.

Melissa, I fear has been confined to a small cage in the basement of the palace.
The result of further flirtatious behaviour, I am told. However it is hoped that
she will make progress.

The remaining four appear to be putting their original education to use and
adapting well to their other duties. My client has provided a most comfortable
suite, naturally equipped with permanently available slave girl, for the
duration of my stay. The bedroom and bathroom are, of course, sumptuous but most
magnificent of all is the large living room that gives out on to a balcony
overlooking the Nyenchen Tanglha mountains.

It is here that I spend a most agreeable afternoon with the four of my recruits
that are here; Debbie, Nancy, Angela and Amanda as I remember them (I find it so
hard to keep track of numbers when all the original research has been done in
relation to their names). They are shepherded in by one of the security guards
but now need no restraints.  The guard has arranged her charges as local
protocol provides, on their knees, heads bowed, in front of the chair where I
sit. Then, having determined that I having no further need of her, she leaves.

Three of my recruits are wearing the short cheung-sam dress that is the standard
wear for all slaves here. Each cap sleeve, high-neck dress is in a different
shade of silk. The skirt, barely long enough to cover the back-side, is slit at
the side giving a view of thigh and the hip. Each wears high-heeled mules in a
shade matching their dress. Each has their hair dressed immaculately; all now
wear it long and piled on their heads.

The fourth, of the girls, Angela, is dressed in the full harem costume of a
junior concubine, a sure sign that she is making progress in the service of her
new owner. Her outfit does everything to display the wealth of her owner. On her
head she wears a bejewelled pill-box hat that holds in place a long silk cloak
with fastenings to jewelled bracelets on her wrists A chain of gold coins drapes
across her forehead. Her long blonde hair falls across her shoulders. A yashmak
emblazoned with the cipher of her owner veils her face. Her breasts are covered
and supported by a golden top that takes its decorative style from the east and
its engineering principles from the west. A jewel twinkles in her navel. Her
legs are partly shrouded by a skirt made from separate panels of gold
wire-embroidered cloth which spread away from her legs revealing her nakedness
beneath.

All four stay obediently silent, until I greet them.

"Welcome, ladies, I am pleased to see you are all so well."

"Greetings, Sir," Angela replies on behalf of them all. "Our Master has asked us
to ensure your pleasure. May I approach you?"

In response to my nod she comes and kneels close to me.

"Sir, if you would wish, I can use my tongue to please you while each of my
sisters tells you of her life here." I give my assent and she unfastens my
trousers as I beckon to Debbie. She comes to kneel beside me. I ask her how her
medical skills are being used. She recounts a most interesting project which
involves the perfection of a new range of drugs designed to improve the docility
of slaves and is proud that her work is already helping her sisters and herself
to serve their Master better.

Angela, in the mean time is doing her best to distract my attention by careful
use of her lips and tongue. I notice that she at least has now acquired a
piercing - a single stud in the tip of her tongue was being used to great effect
as she licks, sucks and nuzzles at my engorging cock.

Trying hard to keep my mind on more immediate matters I summon Nancy forward and
am pleased to discover that she responds as quickly as Debbie did. Her earlier,
rebellious nature has apparently been overcome. I ask if she has been beaten
much. She responds that it has only been as much as was needed to bring her to
correctness in her behaviour. She asks me to feel the wheals across her buttocks
from her beatings, lifting the flap of her skirt to allow me access. It is clear
that she has suffered considerably at some point but that the wounds are now
largely healed, presumably as the result of progressive improvement in behaviour
and reduction in punishment. Her task has been to work on improving the
entertainment facilities in the complex and now, as a result of her engineering
skills a cascading waterfall now graces her owner's master playroom.

Amanda follows her. I had been worried about how well she would adapt to her new
life. She had seemed the most reserved at her interview and had given us nothing
but trouble in the cells at the staging post. She admits that she needed
considerable disciplinary guidance to come to the correct understanding of her
new position. Perhaps the teacher is the hardest to teach. Having spent much of
her time at college being taught the primacy of learning through play as a
method of education she has found it hard to accept the more direct approach
used in her current situation. However, time and the whip are doing their trick
Now, she tells me, she is delighted to serve her Master. The training regime and
Debbie's drugs appear to have worked as well on her as on the others.

Amanda had been set the task of improving the language skills of the slaves that
were most often used to amuse her owner. This has been a particular requirement
as the range of nationalities being recruited as slaves broadens. Whereas once
upon a time the USA and the UK were the principal sources for recruits now new
supplies are being sought in mainland Europe and South America. Amanda's English
classes have been a great success. She has also been called to act as a
translator during some of the sessions between concubines and her Master. This
allowed her to learn a great deal of the sexual skills needed to arouse and
satisfy the considerable appetites of her owner. She was now putting this to
good use and hopes to earn the rank of junior concubine soon, following in
Angela's footsteps.

Much as I regret it, I then have to tell Angela to cease her task at my crotch
and to attend to my questions. Her business skills were in great demand. (I
could imagine that her other skills are not exactly ignored either) but her most
recent project has been to study the wide range of bribes, and "presents" that
her Master was paying to those in the local administration. This has allowed her
to save her Master a great deal of unnecessary expenditure and he, in turn, has
generously presented her with the heavy gold belt that she now wears about her
hips. This is not, of course, as any form of property of her own. She recognises
that such a thing is quite impossible, but it is hers to wear for the pleasure
of her Master. She now divides her time between her Master's office and his
playroom - using her business talents to enrich her owner and her physical
talents to please him.

"Sir," she says. "I hope that you can see we are putting our education to use
but that also we have been well trained."

As Angela completes her story we hear the sound of her owner approaching and all
four girls immediately assume the silent, kneeling, heads down position that
they had taken when they first entered the room.

Their owner enters and, smiling, asks if my recruits are demonstrating their
training to me as well as they had shown their education to him. I am thinking
that all four have demonstrated the distinctive value of the two disciplines.
After all as someone once said to me - if you were to learn that your 16 year
old daughter had been receiving sex education you would be pleased. If you
learned she had been receiving sex training your reaction might be somewhat
different.   

Evidently the recruitment programme is working for him - he expresses his thanks
for the way in which my organisation has met his needs. Hopefully there will be
further commissions, he says.

That's what I like to hear. There is always more work to do.

(c)Freddie Clegg 2003




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Freddie Clegg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





