BDSM Library - Jehovah Witness Assault




Jehovah Witness Assault
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and teenage daughter, who are members of the Jehova Witness', face an all night of terror when a neighbor finds out that womem of the cult do not report the shame of rape.
  Jehovah Witness Assault





 When I first met my new neighbors they were an all right group.  At first, I
didn't understand why the woman of the house as well as their teenage daughter
always wore dresses.  However, after a few days I found out that they were
Jehovah Witness's after they came over and tried to rationale their religion. 
Personally, I had no problems with my new neighbors at first.  Then, as time
past, they became essentially big pests!  I really wanted to teach them a
lesson.  As months passed by, I cut their tires or destroyed plants in their
yard.  Then, after doing considerable research on the religion, I found a
particular interesting way of getting real nice revenge.  The "church" feels
that if women are raped then it's their own personal fault and, due to the
amount of scrutiny by the "church" as well as their family and husbands, the
victims very seldom report the rape.  This is when I decided that I was going to
rape both the mother and daughter.  The only thing that I needed to do was to
form a plan.

 During the next few months a record of activities was carefully kept.  An
activity that will become an advantage to me was that the man of the house is a
truck driver whose many trips takes him away from home for days at a time.  My
careful record keeping told me of the times the girls left and entered the
house; location of hidden door keys, and the times the husband left.  Unexpected
pleasant surprises were also logged.  Such as the time that I spied the two
lovers fucking each other on a warm April morning.  I heard the verbal sounds of
Leanne's pleasure as I walked past her darkened bedroom window.  Peering through
a crack in the curtain I watched the husband mounting his woman and driving her
crazy.

 Then, about a week later, their daughter Jill's bedroom light was on with the
plastic curtain slats wide open.  Only her yellow-laced curtains blocked any
direct view into the room, but the silhouette of her body was easily seen. 
Using darkness as my cover I spied the young teenager with binoculars as she
undressed in her bedroom.  In less than a month both of the girls would be mine
to the taking, and that 16-year old virgin would be raped in front of her
mother!

 The planned night of terror finally arrived.  During the hours before my
planned intrusion into their home, I thought and wrote the plans until they were
locked in my memory.  I've already placed tools of rape into a small trash bag
including duct tape, rope, a pair of scissors, as well as a two hundred
thousand-vote stun gun.  After the girls left the home for their church services
I went to the darkened back yard and quickly located their spare house key. 
After searching the house for hiding places, my search found that the daughter's
bed was high enough from the floor to keep me hidden.  My soon to be sex objects
returned to their home around 9 PM as their attacker waited patiently for the
right time.  I froze in my hiding place when the teenager entered her room
ninety minutes later as her dress and brassier landed on the floor.  Soon after,
she slipped into bed and her mother walked passed the bedroom before turning off
the hallway light.  An hour later the house was completely darkened, and I
remained in my hiding place to permit the victims to fall deeper into sleep. 
When my watch reached 12:20 A.M., I slowly and quietly slid from under the bed
with the stun gun armed.

 The young teenager looked so peaceful with just a light sheet covering her, the
soft natural moonlight through the window reflected off the top of her white
sleepwear with her back towards me.  As I cupped her mouth with my left hand she
tried to scream, before her body shook as the 200,000 volts discharged into her
young body.  After which I quickly moved to the doorway to see if her mother
heard anything. As I feared she did.  Leanne spoke out loud, "Jill?"

The sound of her voice made me very uneasy as fear of failure penetrated my
inner being.  If she screams then everything that I planned would be lost. 
There was no place I could hide except in the shadows.  Unfortunately, if she
turned on the light then both of us would be temporary blinded, so I crouched
down to tackle her just in case.  Soon, a feminine figure entered the doorway...
"Jill, honey are you all right?".  The bedroom light went on and I charged into
the figure losing my stun gun in the process.

Blinded, Leanne impacted the far wall from my tackle.  My still limited eyesight
spotted her mouth after the impact and it was clasped over by my large hand. 
Both of us struggled for control, until she was overwhelmed by my superior
strength and weight and she found herself on the floor directly beneath me. 
With her eyes staring at me wide open, my free hand groped one of her breast
from the outside of her pink night robe.  "This is not the way that I planned to
go after you Leanne however, now that I got you where I want you to be, I'm sure
you won't do anything that will cause me to hurt Jill.  In fact, you will do
nothing other what I tell you to do.  Otherwise, I'll rape Jill after I fuck
you.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME!"  As expected she nodded her head with reluctance. 
I removed my hand off of her breast and signaled her remain quiet before I
slowly took my hand off of her mouth.

Her eyes, wet from tears, closed as my hands squeezed both of her breasts.  The
belt to her robe was untied soon after and the sides were pulled apart giving me
an instant erection of my dick since Leanne only had dark blue brief's on!  Her
moderate sized breast greeted me with their large dark brown nipples and
moderate lighter brown areola.  My pants came off very soon after that and I
bent down to savagely assault her breasts.  Leanne cried out loud as my teeth
and fingers dug into the soft tissues of her motherhood, and as I literally
ripped the panties free of her body.  There was nothing stopping me from forcing
her to mate with me!  The legs were forced apart and thrusted onto her chest and
the ankles were held together by my powerful hand.  My other hand guided my
intense rod between her legs and into the cave hidden within the thick black
coat of hair.

The rape was fast and hard since I wanted to finish her before Jill re-awakens
from the stun gun attack.  She started to cry louder with each hard thrust.  My
hand covering her mouth muffled the cries of pain as the thrust rocked her
entire body until I fired my load of semen deep inside of her.  Leanne rolled
into a fetal position after I got out and off of her.  Sticky and smelly fluids
oozed out of her pussy.  She never noticed me retrieving my stun gun on the
floor.

 I grabbed a hold of her upper arm and forced her to stand.  Pinning her against
the wall I once again started to play with her titties. Her head was turned to
the side until my hand forced her to turn and face me. "LOOK AT ME!  Keep your
brown eyes on my face and no place else.  I bet that you are wishing that your
hubby were here to protect you.  But he isn't, is he?  Spread those legs of
yours."  At first she refused.  However, after reminding her that there is a
teenager in the room behind her, Leanne did what I ordered her to do.  With the
stun gun hanging from a strap around my right wrist, the hand that's attached to
it dug into the wet womanhood and my mouth forcibly covered the mother's mouth. 
As I continued to rape her mouth with my tongue, the stun gun found it's way
into my hand and my thumb rested on the trigger as I caressed her inner thighs.
Soon after the electrodes pressed onto the lips of her pussy.  She screamed and
shuddered from the 200,000 volts of painful onslaught before collapsing on the
floor.

In the daughter's room, Jill was now awaken and was trying to crawl to her
bedroom telephone since her legs didn't have the strength to support her yet. 
She pressed the buttons "9-1-" before I yanked the phone jack out of the wall. 
"No phone calls are permitted Jill.  Your mother has just been raped to prevent
you from being raped.  Do you really want to be foolish enough in doing
something that could get both of you killed?  If the phone rings anytime soon or
if a police car come in the driveway, then both of you will die."  Fortunately,
neither event happened.  I got to the wall plug just in time.  After telling
Jill the consequences of her resisting or screaming (of which I would break my
promise to her mother of not raping Jill -- which was a lie), she submitted to
my instructions.  A few minutes later she had the strength to stand. 

After grabbing my trash bag from beneath her bed, Jill and I left her room.  She
immediately went to her knees on the floor when we passed her nude and stunned
mother. It's about 12:40 AM, and I knew from past experience that sometimes I
wouldn't be able to produce life-starting semen for at least four or five hours. 
But that doesn't mean I can't do anything else.  "She's alive Jill.  You're
going to have to pull her into the living room.  Then we'll wait until she wakes
up before anything else happens."  Jill stared at me with tears running down
from her eyes.  Her reddened face choked out words of mercy and peace.  "PULL
THE BITCH, OR SHE WILL DIE RIGHT HERE IN FRONT OF YOUR FUCKING FACE!"  Jill
strained as she pulled her limped mother across the carpeted floor.  As she
pulled, I was following behind her mother watching Leanne's breasts sway from
the erratic movement.  Jill's arched positioned also showed a great deal of the
cleavage of her teenage breasts.  Her thoughts were too much on her predicament
to notice that I was gawking at her body.

Once we reached the living room I ordered Jill to lay face down on the floor
next to her mother. Switching the living room lamp on, I removed duct tape from
my backpack and the mouths of both girls were taped shut.  The teenage was the
first one to get her wrists bound, since she posed more of a danger for escape
at the time.  After guaranteeing the ropes were secured I noticed that her
sleepwear accidentally pulled upward revealing her purple briefs.  Her wide-eyed
face stared in fear as I moved the sleepwear further up before my hand stroked
her firm ass.  Chuckling, I forcibly dug my fingers between her two thighs. "Is
your pussy and breasts as beautiful as your mom's is?"  The panty material ceded
into the vagina's entrance and Jill wrestled for what dignity she had left as I
felt the covered entrance!

Unwillingly secured, she could not escape from her captor.  Her bound hands
gripping on the top of the panties only ripped the hem as I pulled them off. 
With muffled screams Jill thrashed her body and legs for independence and
freedom.  I forced her to lay face down on the floor and sat on her back before
my large fingers dug into her calves to stretch the legs apart. The fleshy dark
brown folds of her pussy were exposed to my eyes.  Harvests of brown hair
colored peach fuzz surrounded the teenager's procreation chambers, and barely
hiding her piss channel.

Finally, Leanne started to come out of her electrical sedation.  Jill was pulled
and thrown onto the chair before I secured her mother's wrists and ankles. I
gently lifted her soft body off the floor and laid her on top of my naked body. 
By 1:30 AM, she was fully awake.

"Good morning.  It's nice to see that you are finally awake.  We have a few more
hours of enjoying each other's company and during that time Leanne I am positive
that my dick will ravage your pussy.  And your daughter will get a front roll
seat to enjoy the display!  Perhaps I'll fuck your ass hole instead, that should
give Jill an entertaining show."  As I started to once again torment Leanne by
teasing her dark brown nipples, my dick started to swell up once again and slid
into the mothers' ass crack.  I slid her off of me and pulled the duct tape off
of her mouth and brought the swollen organ to it.  "Suck my dick Leanne!  Suck
it good."  Leanne bawled and begged me not to force her to do so.  My quick
response was to grab her hair and shove the dick into her mouth -- "SUCK IT AND
SHUT UP!"

Gagging and crying, she started to do what she was ordered to do so.  The
movement of her tongue and lips was very simulating.  "You almost forced me to
fuck your daughter!  That's it keep on sucking and let it go deeper into your
mouth until you gag.  Hey Jill!  Want to see your mom's mouth get filled with my
milk?" Her stimulation was getting to difficult to withstand, and I started to
thrust into her mouth!  As my hand pulled her hair, Leanne screamed and cried as
the dick slammed into her mouth -- but I wanted to save the milk for her
daughter so I pulled out of her mouth.  "Let's save that semen for your pussy
mommy."  After letting her catch her breath, the duct tape was again used to
cover her mouth.  However, my fun has not yet ended.

 I sat quietly until the clock reached the morning hour of two.  Soon after that
hour Jill found me standing next to her with my hands playing with her breasts. 
Both girls were protesting as I stood behind her and my hands forced here boobs
to be supported from the outside.  "I told both of you that I would not rape her
as long as you did as I say, however -- I never said anything about not
molesting her!  I want to see if Jill here is as beautiful as you Leanne are." 
The sound of ripping fabric joined the muffled cries and screams from my two
confined sex objects.  The thin sleepwear was easily removed, and I moved in
front of her to get a better view of her bareness.  Jill had her legs closed
tightly to prevent me from seeing her developing womanhood, while her face was
saturated and reddened from streaming tears.

She couldn't stop my overwhelming strength as I forced her thighs and legs to
spread apart so that I can get a closer look of the immature pussy.  She
struggled as my tongue ravaged the soft butterfly shaped folds, and the entrance
became soaked with my spit and her feminine lubrication.  My dick became hard
and thick before I straightened up while forcing her thighs to stay apart. 
Jill's muffled screams of anguish and pain filled the room.  Someplace, her
father slept inside the cab of his 18-wheeler not even knowing that his
sixteen-year-old daughter has just lost her virginity to another man his age.

As my dick forced its way into the tight caverns it ripped her partially opened
hymen permitting pain and blood to flow through her body.  Soon after we were
attached, hip to hip, as Jill succumbed to the undesirable union.  Looking back
to the grief-stricken mother I chastised her as I raided her daughter's pussy,
"It will be interesting to hear how you're going to explain this whole incident
to your husband and the church..." Jill's body rocked to my gentle thrusting. 
"...It will be interesting to hear what your spouse will say when he finds out
that you didn't stop your daughter from being raped..." Grunts from her daughter
and the sound of air being forced in and out of her pussy joined the chorus. 
"...It will also be fun to hear Jill and you explain to the church elder's how
she got pregnant while unmarried!"  By now my increasingly concentrated and
severe thrusts was literally slamming Jill onto the chair, I felt my milk being
forced through my painfully erect dick and smiled as a small amount shot into
Jill's cervix.  Sweating and exhausted I collapsed onto the young teen before I
pulled out of her.  A few minutes later I went back to the mother.

Sitting next to Leanne, I watched as my bloodied dick relaxed to its small
pathetic state. "Jill's definitely not a virgin now!  I still need to fuck her
in a few hours to make sure I get some of my milk into her.  Of course she may
get pregnant, but I don't give a shit if she does.  But perhaps Jill can
convince me not to force myself into her pussy again.  Are you still capable of
having a child?"  Leanne nodded.  Hell, she may have already have a conception
occurred.  After tying Jill's ankles together I quickly fell asleep next to
Leanne.

I awoke up from my slumber around 6:30 with a morning rise.  Leanne didn't
attempt to stop me from entering her.  Her pelvis moved her pussy across the
manhood that is within her.  I realized what she was trying to do, so I pulled
out of her and slapped her face.  "THAT MILK IS FOR JILL, AND NOT FOR YOU
LEANNE.  I ALREADY GAVE YOU ENOUGH MILK FOR THREE KIDS."  I walked over to the
teenager,  "It's time for a decision little girl.  You are going to make some
breakfast for us first."  I untied her and guided her into the kitchen with
Leanne between us.  Leanne was forced to lie on the table.  I watched her
daughter prepare pancakes and went to her.

My hands touched her belly first, and I pressed my body against her back.  She
whimpered as my hands went upward to her breasts and as I kissed and licked her
neck.  Near the base of her back my dick swelled.  "You like the feel of manhood
pressing your back little girl?" I whispered into her ear.  "I've got plenty of
milk for that pancake mix of yours.  However, that milk belongs to you."  She
choked and bawled as one of my hands dug into her pussy.  "Now, a choice needs
to be made.  Either you get my milk into your pussy, or your mom gets it into
her ass!  Will you face the pain of childbirth in nine months or will you watch
your mom face the pain, as her ass hole is ripped apart?"  With no immediate
answer my hand grabbed her small neck and began to crush it, "WHAT IS YOUR
ANSWER!"  Choking and gasping for air, she gave me the answer that I wasn't
expecting.

The back of her mother arched as I forced my way into her ass hole.  The duct
tape stopped her screams of pain.  I slammed hard into her ass as I held onto
her hair.  The milk was coming outward and at the last second I pulled out and
rammed into Leanne's pussy.  For the second time that morning her uterus was
filled with my sperm.

The duct tape on her mouth was removed after I helped her up and removed the
ropes off of her hands.  They watched me as I gathered my clothing and the stun
gun.  "Go ahead and finish the pancakes Jill.  I'm done with you, but with you
Leanne -- I'm going to continue to visit you.  It may be in the middle of the
afternoon or in the middle of the night.  I won't rape Jill or even bother her,
because you are going to fuck me whenever I want.  If you decide otherwise, then
I'll rape Jill again and I will kill her in front of you before you will die. 
Do we have an understanding?""  Leanne nodded.

The morning sun greeted me as I stepped out of the back door. During the
following months, as Jill went to school, Leanne had several visits from me and
we shared our bodies secretly.  Her husband continued to drive the truck since
his wife was now carrying his next child.  Or, so he believed.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





