BDSM Library - Just A Swinging




Just A Swinging
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mild bondage story with suspension and sex.
JUST A SWINGING:

Chapter One:


MY FANTASY


It is Friday and I just got home from work. My loving hubby has the day off, and
I can hear him in our bedroom. He has the door locked and is making a lot of
noise, he will not let me in and will not tell me what he is doing. He just says
it is a surprise, I hope he is not destroying our bedroom.


He has finally finished whatever he was doing but will not let me see the
bedroom. He says after supper. I can hardly wait.


Supper and dishes done my hubby says he is tired and wants us to go to bed
early. This is strange for him, but since he is tired I know I will not get
anything tonight. I might as well go on to bed and hope he is rested in the
morning and he will be a little frisky, I sure need it.


He follows me to the bedroom and to my surprise just as I reach the door he
grasps my arms from behind and tells me to close my eyes and not to open them
until he says for me to. He explains it is part of the surprise he has for me. I
catch my breath and my heart skips a beat,"Hey I may get lucky tonight after
all".He guides me into the room and tells me to stand still and keep my eyes
closed no matter what happens. I am so excited I can not even speak and just
stand and wait for him.


I feel a silk scarf being slipped around my head and tied over my eyes, now I am
excited. I feel a tingle between my legs as erotic visions consume my thoughts,
he has never wanted to do this before. Holding my breath I wait to see what is
next, then I feel cold metal on my wrists. I instantly know they are handcuffs.
I have never had a pair on but have felt them in my fantasys,now my legs are
weak and I think they may buckle under me. Trying to control my excitement and
shaky legs I feel myself start to get wet down between my legs. I am shocked as
I feel him in front of me and he grasps my head and tells me to open my mouth
wide. I am so shocked I just stand there until he tells me again to open my
mouth. In a kind of trance I open my mouth, I feel a large rubber ring kind of
thing forced in between my teeth. I start to protest as my mouth is stretched
wide open but I am unable to speak, I can only make strange noises and stick my
tongue through the round hole. I know what this thing is I have seen it in some
of the bondage pics on the internet, it is call a ring thing, no a O Ring gag.



Now to my surprise he is doing something he has never done before, he is
unbuttoning my pants and taking them off. Now I am really getting excited, I am
going to get lucky tonight, WOW


Now he tells me to step out of my pants and I am stand in just my panties and
upper cloths. He steps behind me and I feel my hand cuffs being removed. Now he
tells me to stand still and do not talk or move, yes as if I could talk with
this small car tire in my mouth.


Now I feel him unbuttoning my blouse and then he has it off leaving me in only
panties and bra, this makes me shiver with excitement. The blindfold makes me
feel so helpless and even more so as I feel him lock the hand cuffs on me again.
Now I am weak in the knees, my mind flashes to all kinds of wild erotic things.
Although I trust him and know he would not hurt me it is still strangely scary
and exciting at the same time, I just know he can see how wet my panty crotch
is.



Now I feel him grasp me by my shoulders and move me over a couple of feet into
the room. I hear a strange tinkling sound, I try to think what it is,oh I have
it .It is a chain.Oh no he is going to chain me up in the bedroom and leave me
their, I will be his captive sex slave. No not my hubby he can have all the sex
he wants, he just does not want it all that often. Besides he loves me and I
trust him, this is crazy, I am thinking like a idiot.



As I stand here with all these crazy thoughts going through my mind I am shocked
to fell his arms around my shoulders and behind my legs. He is lifting me off
the floor, I guess he wants me on the bed where hopefully he will have his way
with me. I HOPE.I am so excited now I hope he starts soon.


Now I feel something soft on my back as he lays me down, but this is not the
bed, it is too small. It feels like a large pillow. As he releases me onto the
pillow I feel my legs hang over the edge of something. It feels like I am laying
on a small table. I wish I he would tell me what he is up to, but on second
thought this is much more exciting. Now I hear the chain rattling again just as
I feel his hand on one of my legs. I now feel something he is putting around my
ankle, it feels like a strap. Yes it is some kind of a strap, I feel it tighten
around my ankle and he locks or ties it somehow. Now he is doing my other ankle
the same way.


I lay waiting for what comes next and then I hear the chain rattle again, and he
has my left ankle in his hand again. He lifts it up in the air and I hear him
click the chain to it, I now have one leg sticking up toward the ceiling. I must
look quite a sight, I know he can see the wetness in the crotch of my panties
and he must be able to smell my excitement.


Now he has my other leg and soon he has it hooked up and pointing toward the
ceiling. Then I feel him at my head again, he is lifting my shoulders up and
unlocking my hand cuffs. He tells me to lay still and be quite.


Now he is putting more wide straps on my wrist, I now realize they are leather
wrist and ankle cuffs. He is going to hang me from the ceiling. I do not know if
I can contain myself, this is the most erotic thing he has ever done to me. This
is a fantasy I never dared hope would come true,OH MY, I am so wet I must be
dripping on the floor.

I hear the chain rattle again and he lifts one of my arms and hooks the wrist
cuff to it. I now feel his strong arm under my shoulder and I raise my other arm
for him. He hooks the chain to it.

Now I am laying on the pillow covered table in only my panties and bra with my
arms and legs sticking up in the air. I must look quite a sight, like a turtle
on its back. I wait for his next move and hope he does not leave me on this
table, I want to be really suspended. I want to hang from the ceiling helpless
blindfolded and gagged while he has his way with me. I wish he would get on with
it ,I do not think I can hold back much longer.


He is at my legs again lifting one and shorting the chain as I feel myself
lifted up a little more, then the other. I can feel my lower back and my but is
up off the pillow a little. Now he is lifting my arms and doing the same thing.
I am up all the way off the pillow, I hear him slide the table from under me.


I can hardly catch my breath, this is a dream, please do not let me wake up, I
hope he will take some Polorads,I would ask him to but I have this rubber thing
in my mouth. I want to relive this again as it is my wildest fantasy come true.


I am brought back out of my dream world by the feel of his hands as he unhooks
my bra, then slides it up around my neck to expose my breasts. I can feel my
nipples are hard and must be sticking up at least a mile. Then I am shocked as I
feel cold metal touch my stomach, I stop breathing, what is this. Then I realize
what it is as I feel him move the metal thing, it is a pair of sissors,he is
cutting my panties off. Now I am suspended blindfolded, gagged and naked, I am
at his mercy.Oh please don't let him have any mercy on me.

END CHAPTER ONE         BY PICK UP MAN

rolingthunder60@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





