BDSM Library - Taking Care Of My Friend's Mother




Taking Care Of My Friend's Mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When my buddy goes into the army, he asks me to look after his mother.
Taking Care Of My Friend's Mother

I had known Joe since we were six.  We grew up together.  Now he had joined the
Army and was on his way to see the world.  His only concern was his beautiful
mother.  His hump of a father had left her last year for a 22 year old slut. She
had taken it very hard and Joe had been her rock. 

Let me describe Cynthia to you.  She is a beautiful, sexy red haired woman. 
Since Joe was her only child and she had him at 16, she was still relatively
young and in excellent shape.  She had lovely blue eyes and full, pouty lips. 
Her wavy red hair flowed like silk half way down her back  She had very large,
firm breasts, a thin waist and wide hips with a shapely ass. She had the
alabaster skin so common in redheads but the exposed area was a deep tan from
many hours laying at the pool.

Anyway, now Joe was headed overseas and he wanted someone to look after her.  I
had just graduated from college and was returning to my hometown with no job and
no prospects.  I figured I would work my usual construction job while I looked
for a permanent gig.  Since my parents had moved across the country, I would
need to find a place to stay.

Joe thought he had the perfect solution.  I could live at his house and keep an
eye on his Mom.  I would get a great place to live for nothing.  (When Joe's
father split, his Mom got the big house and a lot of cash). 

Well, I liked Cynthia well enough (I was practically one of the family), but I
needed my space.  No problem, he says, you can live in the pool house.  That
way, I am close at hand but I have privacy if I want to bring a date home. 

So here I was, sitting at the dinner table on Joe's last night in town with Joe
and his mother.  All my worldly possessions were outside in my car.  I had to
admit, Cynthia looked fantastic.  She was wearing a white silk button down
sleeveless blouse and a short, black skirt that fit her like a second skin. 
Several buttons on her blouse were undone giving me a peak at a lacy bra
underneath and plenty of cleavage.  Black stockings and 4" black pumps completed
the outfit.  All in all, she looked incredibly sexy!

"It is a win-win situation for everybody," Joe explained.  "Mom, you have Peter
around for company and to help around the house.  Peter gets a place to stay
until he gets established.  And I get peace of mind knowing he is here with
you."

"Joe, I can take care of myself.  You don't have to worry about me.  Peter has
better things to do than look after me!"

"Actually Mrs. D, you would really be doing me a favor by letting me stay in the
pool house.  I have nowhere else to go and I am starting my construction job on
Monday."

"Well Peter, you know I would love to have you around.  So if that is what you
want, the pool house is yours for as long as you like."

"Great," said Joe.  "Now that that's settled, let's get this little going away
party started."  With that, he poured more champagne. 

At around 10:30, a car honked. It was Joe's army buddies coming to take him back
to the base.  They were shoving off at 0400 the next day.

Cynthia and I continued drinking the bottle of Dom Perignon after Joe left.  We
talked about many things; college, jobs and events around town.  Suddenly
without warning, she was talking about Joe's dad.

"You know, I really don't miss him per se," she stated bluntly.  "He was really
a jerk.  It is just that he controlled my life for so many years!"

I remembered Joe's dad as very domineering.  I had heard rumors that he spanked
Cynthia on a regular basis.  Suddenly, my interested was piqued.

"Do you miss the control?" I asked trying to keep her talking.

"Mostly, no!" she replied.  "But I must admit, I think I need the discipline he
imposed."

The champagne had obviously loosened her tongue. 

"Now when I do something wrong or naughty, there are no consequences.  I feel
like my life is spinning out of control."

She looked at me with those sad, puppy dog eyes and I saw the yearning for
submission in them.

I took a deep breath and made the bold decision.

"Cynthia, I am very grateful to you for allowing me to crash in the pool house. 
I will do anything to help you out," I said hoping she would get the hint. 

When she didn't say anything, I continued.

"As you know, I have two sisters and I have quite a lot of experience meting out
discipline."

Cynthia's eyes widen as she finally understood what I was saying.

"You used to spank your sisters?" she asked disbelieving. 

"Still do!" I replied.  "I was home during the spring to help my parents pack up
the house.  My older sister, Jan, was being a total brat.  Finally, my father
took me aside and asked me to handle the situation.  I brought her down to the
basement, lowered her shorts and her panties and gave her a long, hard
spanking."

There!  I had said it.

When I looked at Cynthia again, the nipples on her big tits were poking through
her blouse and she was breathing faster.  She clearly saw the bulge in my pants.

After what felt like an eternity, she spoke.

"Peter, I have been so naughty since Frank left.  Without him as a steadying
influence, I was out of control."

"What have you done, Cynthia?" I asked.

"Too many things to tell you now," she replied.

"Well, tomorrow you can make a list.  Then I will review it and determine the
appropriate punishment."

I could sense her disappointment but she was mistaken.  I had no intention of
leaving it at that.

"Cynthia, what naughty things did you do today?" I asked sharply. 

She flashed a quick smile and then she was off.

"I went shopping and spent four hundred dollars on clothes I didn't need.  While
I was shopping, I stole a pair of gold earrings.  When I got home, I got on the
internet and looked at spanking and bondage videos."

"Well, you had quite a busy day.  Go get the clothes and earrings.  Also, bring
your hairbrush down.  A naughty girl like you needs attention from more than my
hand."

She looked at me with pure animal lust in her eyes.

"Please don't make me show you the clothes.  They are very slutty.  I am
ashamed."

"In that case, I think you should put them on and model them for me," I replied.

"Oh Peter please don't make me do that.  It would be inappropriate for me to
dress like that for you!" she complained.  Her body, however, belied her words. 
It was clear she was extremely aroused.  Her nipples were rock hard and
straining against her blouse.

"Cynthia, if you are not back here in five minutes wearing your new clothes,
your punishment will increase."

She did not need anymore prompting.  She stood up and sauntered off towards the
stairs, exaggerating the sway in her hips for my benefit.

I couldn't believe the turn of events.  In the period of one short evening, I
went from homeless to a boarder to mother spanker.  And from all indications, I
could be Master very soon.  Oh, wouldn't that be sweet; controlling that lush
body. 

But I shouldn't get ahead of myself.  It was a long way from being the giver of
discipline to owner of a slave!  I would have to proceed very slowly.

As these thoughts were drifting through my head, I was getting impatient and a
little nervous.  She had been gone well over five minutes.  Was she having
second thoughts?  Or was she just testing me, goading me, pushing me to see if I
could dominate her?  I was about to go upstairs to find her, when I heard a door
open.  

A few seconds later I heard her coming down the stairs.  From the clicking
sound, it was clear she had on pumps.  As I saw her descend, I couldn't believe
my eyes.  She was wearing a white mini dress.  In the front, it was cut down to
her navel exposing the creamy white sides of her huge tits.  The bottom was
little more than band of cloth a couple of inches wide.  The outfit also
included white fishnet stockings and 5" white pumps with straps to the top of
her calves.  As she moved to the bottom of the stairs, my eyes were drawn to her
tits as they bounced unrestrained.  I was amazed they didn't simply slip out. 
Finally, I snapped out of my haze as she approached me.  Only then did I notice
the hairbrush in her hand.  It was impressive.  Large and silver, it looked
heavy in her hand.

When my gaze finally reached her face, it was as red as her hair.  Good!  A
little humiliation before her punishment would be perfect.

"Very nice Cynthia!" I said as I stood up and walked around her.  The back was
as nice and sexy as the front.  The back dipped to just above her ass.  The
skirt didn't quite cover her large ass.  The round bottom of her cheeks were
clearly visible.  It was obvious she wasn't wearing panties.

"When did you begin buying this type of clothes?"  I asked as I returned to
stand in front of her.

"The week after Frank left," she replied.  "I needed to feel sexy again."

"That you are Cynthia, that you are.  Do you ever wear them out?"

"God no," she replied.  "You are the only person to see me dressed like this
other then the salesgirl."

I bent over close to her ear and said, "But you enjoy showing off that sexy body
of yours, don't you?"

She moaned softly and said "Yes."

"Yes, I can see that.  You love dressing like a slut, don't you Cynthia?"

"Oh yes!" she moaned.

"Maybe I will take you out one night and you can wear this dress!"

She moaned and said, "I would be too embarrassed.  What if someone I knew saw
me?"

"Don't worry.  I will take you to the big city where it is unlikely you will
meet anyone you know.  The embarrassment makes it that much more exciting,
doesn't it?"

"Yes," she groaned again.

It was time to get on to the punishment.

"And Cynthia, what happens to young women who dress like sluts?" I asked.

She smile and replied, "They get laid?"

I reached around and gave her ass a swat.  "Maybe slut, but only after they get
punished!"

"Lets see Cynthia, how many things did you do today that deserve punishment. 
First, you bought this outfit.  How much did you say you paid for it?"

"$426" she replied softly.

"OK, we will start with 426 strokes on your bare ass with my hand.  Then you
stole the earrings.   I think 100 with the hairbrush should suffice.  Next you
watched kinky videos on the internet.  I don't think that deserves any
punishment.  Then you paraded in front of your sons best friend dressed like a
slut.  I think 20 on each breast with the my belt is appropriate.  Finally, you
were 12 minutes late getting dressed.  I will give you 12 on your pussy with my
belt."

I looked into Cynthia's eyes and saw nothing but lust and desire.

I sat down on the couch.

"Get down on your knees slut, and beg me to punish you for buying that dress," I
commanded.

She hesitated briefly.  Did I go too far?  I starred at her nervously.  I could
not back down now.  Just as I started to despair, she sank to her knees.

"Please Peter, spank me for buying this slutty dress."

"Crawl across my lap Cynthia."

My best friend's mother crawled around and draped herself over my lap.  In this
position, her dress ended at her waist exposing her lovely ass.  Her tanned legs
led to an incredibly small white strip and abundant tanned assmeat.  I rubbed
her ass and she moaned softly and spreads her legs.  I raise my hand and bring
it down hard on her left cheek, SWACK. Again I raise my hand and bring it down
on her right cheek, SWACK.  Now I start spanking hard and fast.  Her ass quickly
goes from rosy pink to bright red.  After about 200 swats, my hand hurts and she
was bucking wildly.  I stopped and rubbed her red, swollen ass.  My finger found
the crack off her ass and followed it south.  Over her crinkled anus to her hot,
wet pussy.  She raise up trying to keep the contact.  I knew she was already
very close to climax.  I withdrew my hand. 

"Get up Cynthia.  I want you in a different position for the next part of your
spanking."

She slowly stood up and resisted the temptation to rub her aching ass.  At least
her husband had trained her well.

"Go and stand behind the couch," I commanded.

She did as I ordered.  I turned around on the couch.

"Now, spread your legs wide.  I want to see your wet cunt lips while I spank
your naughty ass."

Again, she did exactly as I ordered.

"Now bend over."

As she did, I was treated to a view of her large tits hanging down. I couldn't
resist.  I reached up with both hands and pinched her hard, thick nipples.  I
increased the pressure until she groan then twisted hard.  The strain was too
much for the flimsy dress.  Both of her enormous tits spilled out.  Perfect.  I
wanted to she those tits dance as I spanked her ass.

I got off the couch and went behind her. 

"Spread those legs wider, Cynthia," I commanded.

She complied which caused her pussy to gape.  I began spanking her again.  This
time I concentrated on the sensitive thighs.  First, I spanked the backs of her
thighs.  Then I move to the super sensitive inner thighs.  I completed the set
with hard spanks to the area where the thighs met the ass.  By the time I was
done, her thighs were red and hot and her ass was wriggling all around.

I ran my fingers over her dripping pussy and she moaned loudly.  She was
definitely on the verge of a thunderous climax.  I postulated that if I punished
her big tits, I might push her over the edge.  I pulled my fingers away and she
whine, "Oh please Peter, make me cum!"

"Stand up slut and remove that dress.  I am sure you will come hard when I whip
those big tits of yours!"

"Oh Peter please!  No one has ever punished my breasts before.  It will hurt too
much," she said as she stood up and slid the slutty dress from her shoulders. 
It puddled at her feet and she stepped out.

"Now, turn around, place your hands behind your head and spread your legs."

She moaned but did as I instructed.

I grabbed both her nipples between my thumb and forefinger and pinched hard.

She groaned and arched her back offering her tits to me.

"Are these large, thick nipples sensitive, slut?" I ask.

"Oh yes Peter.  Oh, it hurts when you pinch them but it also feels like it is
sending an electric jolt direct to my pussy."

 Pinched harder and twisted them.  She screamed and pushed her hips out hoping I
would touch her cunt and make her cum.

"Don't worry Cynthia, I am sure you will cum long before I finish whipping your
tits."

I removed my thick leather belt, double it and immediately slapped against her
left breast whack.  I repeated the process slapping right breast right across
the nipple.  After several more hard swats on each nipple, she started screaming
in pain and exploded into a massive orgasm.  As I continued whipping her tits,
the orgasmic convulsion continued.  Finally I stopped whipping and slipped my
finger into her hot cunt.  Her orgasm exploded again and she collapsed in my
arms.

After several minutes, once she recovered, she looked me in the eye, "Peter,
that was the most incredible experience I have ever had."

"Well, then you are in for a treat tomorrow.  You will go wild when I whip your
cunt."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bondmaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





