BDSM Library - A Christmas Tale




A Christmas Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A true story of a young woman being surprised by her Master one dark winters evening.
This story is intended for adults only. For those who cannot distinguish between
fantasy and reality please leave. Author retains the copyright of this work. If
you wish to use this story elsewhere other than for your own personal enjoyment
please ask for the author's express permission. Thank you.




A Christmas Tale by YNHumiliator

     A few days before Christmas and Rebecca was bored. She'd done the jobs that
needed to be done. Fed the damn chickens and collected the eggs. Bought the few
things she'd been asked to buy from the local village store. Living at her
parents' house was sending her mad. Her new house wouldn't be ready for a month
or so. The mortgage had been finalised, the details cleared. It was just the
long wait until completion before she'd be free once again. It wasn't that she
didn't love her parents, just the fact that she hadn't lived with them for
years. Their habits, the way they wanted to know her every move, it was just
annoying. Work was going as well as could be expected and her love life had
recently taken a turn for the better. There was that. The strange guy she'd met
through work, who unfortunately happened to be married, certainly knew how to
press her buttons. Thinking of him sent a shiver down her spine and made her
pussy throb reassuringly. If only he was here. The coming evening wouldn't be a
bore then! It would be filled with pain and pleasure. She shivered again.

     Her parents were away for the evening so she at least had the house to
herself. Some peace and quiet and a bottle of vodka would certainly lighten her
mood. The thoughts she'd had earlier had caused a creeping wetness to spread in
the swollen slit between her legs. She felt horny, which was her almost
permanent state since meeting her unusual lover. It was still early, only 6
o'clock, but very dark outside. Looking in the mirror she admired her slim waist
and stuck her full bottom out. Mmmm...no wonder men liked her. Her bum was
saucy!!! She wriggled it and imagined what that would do to the groin area of
one of her many admirers! God she felt so horny. Lifting her skirt slowly she
looked at the soft thighs that bulged slightly above the black line of her hold
up stockings. Mmmmmm...she needed to come, that would help. Undressing quickly
she lay back on her bed and ran her hands lightly across her firm breasts,
gasping as she squeezed her rapidly hardening nipples. They were so sensitive.
She bit her lip as her fingers slid downwards across her belly. The crease of
her pussy beckoned and she pushed her fingertips further into the rapidly
moistening crack.

     She thought she heard a car but was enjoying the sensations coursing
through her pussy far too much to take a great deal of notice. Another sound. A
creak. It was nothing. Her fingers continued to tease the wet silky membranes, a
fantasy of her lover filling her mind.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" His voice made her almost jump into
the air. Her eyes sprang open in shock and she gasped. He was here. How on earth
had he got in? Then she remembered she hadn't shut the conservatory door, her
dad had been expecting a new heater or something. She'd forgotten all about it
and the open door!
He smiled wickedly down at her, noting the wetness on her thighs and the pungent
aroma of her arousal.

     His eyes were cold when he next spoke.
     "Get up you little bitch!" She scrambled to her feet, afraid to say
anything. He looked cross. She had no idea why. Being naked in front of him
didn't matter but him seeing her playing with herself was embarrassing. Her
cheeks flushed at the thought.
     "No doubt you've been cock teasing that poor bastard you work with today?"
he sneered, "I think maybe I should teach you a lesson! What do you reckon?" She
hated it when he asked for her opinion. She only wanted to please him but
annoyingly he was always asking her what she thought of this or that or
whatever. Always annoying her but god he knew how to make her wet! Knew how to
make her shake and how to make her feel so so nervous. But best of all he knew
how to make her come and she loved to come! He could make her come over and
over. She didn't know why exactly but no one had ever been able to do that
before. He was different and she thought she might actually have fallen in love
with him. That was another first for her! He was suddenly standing very close,
she could smell his aftershave, then he grabbed a handful of hair and his tongue
was pushing brutally into her mouth. It roamed back and forth bringing a little
groan from the back of her throat. Her pussy throbbed excitedly.

     "Well?" She didn't know what he wanted her to say so she said nothing. He
was holding a carrier bag in one hand. Oh God he'd brought his things! The bag
contained a whole variety of implements, some nice and some horrid. She began to
worry. He looked angry. She jumped when he suddenly grabbed her wrists and
pinned them together in one hand. The leather cuffs fitted tightly. He didn't
say a thing just pushed her face first against the back of her bedroom door and
slammed her wrists onto the wood above her head. Cinching the string tightly
around the coat hook he stepped back and looked at her stretched body. She was
on her toes, the tension in the string keeping her cuffed wrists high above her
head.

     She heard him go to the bag again. Then there was a whoosh and her bottom
exploded with heat. Whack! The thick leather strap bounced off her wobbling bum
cheeks, her tattoo immediately coming to life stinging horribly. She gasped and
tried to stop herself from groaning. The strap hit her again and again. Each
burning stroke sent her onto the tips of her toes. She began to moan and groan
with each impact. He struck one way and then the other until the whole of the
twisting bottom was criss-crossed with hot red stripes. Rebecca's whimpers
turned into tears as he continued. She hated him! He was hurting her so so much.
Her poor bum was churning around all over the place, it's cheeks felt like they
were on fire. Why did he enjoy hurting her so much?
     "Please, Please stop!" she gasped. He didn't. Just ignored her pitiful
pleading and  kept on with his game until he was satisfied with the state of her
wriggling bum.

     The whack of the strap stopped. His hand reached out and stroked the
trembling flesh. She gasped and moaned. It was so sensitive, his touch like a
hot iron. In between her straining thighs sticky fluid was coating her tight
girlish hole. A fresh wave of excitement suddenly flowed from her as she heard
him start to undress. Heard his belt buckle tinkle as he slipped his trousers
down and off. She could hear his heavy rapid breathing even from a few feet
away. The strap had attuned all of her senses. Intensity was flooding her mind,
desire welling up inside every part of her.

     Then he was behind her. His hands pushed her unresisting thighs apart, her
wrists and shoulders straining as she felt his hardness suddenly digging at her
sensitive pussy. It felt like rock, unbending and very hot. His skin was always
hot. Almost casually he pushed his fingers up inside her, she almost came then
but he quickly removed them. His breath was hot on the back of her neck. She
squirmed with desire.
     "You're my little fuckpuppet, my little whore," he said quietly, his mouth
close to her ear, "don't you ever forget it! Here's your Christmas present!" His
cock head pushed up inside her and she squealed. It felt so so good. She started
to shake and push her hips back towards him trying to get more of his cock
inside her.

     He started pumping her then. Fluid oozed from her pussy walls coating him
immediately with her excitement. Usually with other men she'd always needed to
fantasise or work herself up to orgasm but with him she didn't need to do
anything. She was starting to come already!!! He kept slowly pushing his
hardness in and out, in and out, in and out of her hot little hole. His rasping
breath was burning her back as he started to bite her. Then it arrived and she
bucked against him squealing out with unsuppressed lust as waves of pleasure
swept over her. At that moment she felt him thicken inside her as his own orgasm
hit. His cock spasmed, thick gouts of hot come spurting into her stretched
tunnel,
     "Ahhhhhhhhhh that's it you little bitch!" he groaned, "show me how you
come!" Rebecca squirmed and moaned. Little high pitched squeals escaping her wet
mouth as she crumbled against him. Reason left her for a few moments and she
went somewhere else in her head, she couldn't tell where, which was a little
frightening!
     "That's it kitten," he gasped into her ear, "that's so good."

     He untied her gently, pushed her down onto the bed, parted her thighs and
knelt between them. Rebecca came again and again as he fucked her for the next
two hours. He interspersed her pleasure with moments of pain but each time she
was rewarded with his cock or his fingers. Each time she came he watched with
cold eyes, staring directly into her soul. She felt his eyes boring into the
very heart of her. Each time she managed to look back at him a smile was playing
on his lips. He enjoyed seeing her come, her pleasure was his power, she loved
to see that smile.

     As he left he kissed her tenderly, "I hope you enjoyed your Christmas
present little one?" Then he was gone, out into the dark night....

YNHumiliator 2k3




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynhumiliator


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





