BDSM Library - The Birthday Cake




The Birthday Cake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl is given a birthday spanking and more.
"The Birthday Cake"


        The events in this story are made up. The characters are also made up. I do 
not advocate actions similar to those depicted. In fact I believe that 
non-consensual ANYTHING is bad, not to mention non-consensual corporal 
punishment or sex. However, for me it happens to make for a potent and 
enjoyable fantasy.

        There is a fair amount of non-consensual spanking and humiliation of a 
teenage girl in this story. Some things that occur to her go a bit beyond 
spanking per se. It's intended to be an enjoyable reading experience for 
people who enjoy this type of subject matter and nothing more..

        I've tried to make this as erotic as I know how, but I don't know how well 
I've succeeded. Constructive comments are welcome.

        This story takes place in 1962. I picked this year, because I was 16 then - 
the same age as the narrator, who is a surrogate me. For those not old enough 
to remember, this was a time when MANY, if not most, teenagers were very 
protected and naive. Girls as a rule were NOT sexually precocious or 
aggressive. They were expected to be (and mostly were) modest and chaste. In a 
way, sex was a much more charged issue because of this suppression. Maybe 
that's why many of us who group up then enjoy Victorian erotica - we recognize 
the social context! When I was 16 I HAD seen naked women in Playboy, but 
remember that playboy didn't show everything back then. I admit that the fact 
that I was brought up Catholic was probably a contributing factor for me.

        Anyway, I hope you enjoy this, dear reader!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE BIRTHDAY CAKE
by: Max Smart


        Janice, Sarah, Libby and I were sitting in the living room of Janice's 
parents, chatting. We had all had a good time at Janice's fifteenth birthday 
party. It had been a big party but now we were the only ones left in the 
house. The other guests had gone home and Janice's parents were away for the 
weekend. It was about midnight. Janice was sitting between Libby and me on the 
couch and Sarah was sitting across from us in an easy chair.

        Libby and I were old friends of Janice and were each 16 years old. Janice was 
celebrating her fifteenth birthday. The three of us were a trio of "buddies", 
but I had secretly, for at least the last two years, held a teenage boy's 
horniest lust for Janice. My shyness and inexperience had so far prevented my 
bringing this into the open at all, so I was forced to suffer my agony in 
silence whenever I was in her presence. I often wondered whether I could hope 
for anything real to happen between me and Janice.

        My role in the trio had through habit been as if I were "one of the girls", 
in a sense. Not that I was effeminate, and not that I was denied my male role 
at all. It was in many ways a compliment to my trustworthiness and my ability 
to empathize, I liked to think, that I was taken into the girls' confidence in 
many ways. Janice and Libby were not shy about letting me know which dreamy 
hunks at school they were currently fixated on, and they also liked to tease 
me about girls that I liked but was too shy to approach. As far as I could 
tell, neither girl was aware of my crush on Janice.

        One more thing about me. I had, in the last year, started to become aware of 
a direction in my sexual fantasies that I found extremely thrilling and 
irresistible, yet which also made me a bit nervous. I fantasized about 
spanking and otherwise disciplining the girls that I knew. Lately, Janice had 
been given a starring role in my fantasies, and had many times appeared bare 
bottomed over my lap receiving a sound spanking. Sometimes I would experiment 
a bit with the positions that she would find herself in, and I had only in the 
last couple of weeks experimented mentally with having Janice bound with ropes 
over a chair, naked, and forced to suffer a bit of rude pinching and prodding 
in addition to her "well deserved" spanking.

        Sarah was a newcomer to the neighborhood. She was 17 and seemed a bit worldly 
and wild compared to the local kids. Janice, Libby and I were all a bit in awe 
of her and excited to be around her, half expecting/hoping to be lead to new 
knowledge and adventure. Sarah seemed to like us well enough but I believe she 
felt a bit envious of us for our wealthier backgrounds and a bit contemptuous 
of us for our lack of worldliness. She seemed to have been particularly 
irritated by Janice today, and I could understand why, Janice had been 
exhibiting a bit of a snotty rich kid attitude. Also unlike us, Sarah was not 
a virgin.

        Sarah was a lovely, dark haired, olive skinned girl with a slim, attractive 
body, albeit a bit flat in the chest. She dressed on the sexy, wild side, 
often wearing black and often wearing skimpy, tight dresses and fishnet 
stockings, which was what she was wearing this very night She seemed to like 
to direct conversations into risque areas while getting a knowing look, 
sometimes a bit of a hard look, in her eyes.

        "It was a great party." Sarah ventured, during a brief lull, to which we 
others all indicated agreement in various ways.

        "There's just one important part of a birthday party that hasn't happened 
yet." she continued.

        "What's that, Sarah?" asked Libby.

        "The birthday girl hasn't gotten her spanking."

        Janice blushed a pretty pink. Janice was a slim, pretty girl with freckles 
and strawberry blond hair. She had breasts that were in a fairly advanced 
state of development for her slim build and for a recently turned 15 year old 
(in other words - they were pretty darn big), as well as a bottom that I had 
already spent many an hour dreaming about. It was a bit large for her overall 
size and thin waist and it was extremely cutely shaped. I had gotten to the 
point where I had to keep reminding myself to avoid staring at it when she was 
around. Tonight she was wearing a white frilly party dress that was square cut 
in the bodice and showed just the top swell of her aforementioned breasts. If 
one chose to look, forsaking gallantry for just a second, one would most 
likely notice that Janice's charming blush extended down at least as far as 
the top of her bodice. I chose to look.

        While Janice blushed, Libby and I laughed nervously. I was temporarily 
paralyzed by a wave of excitement, partly at the very first mention of such a 
subject so dear to my heart, and partly at the ominous quality in Sarah's 
voice that seemed to indicate that she wasn't just fooling around. I thought, 
"Good grief! Could she be at all serious?" But even if she were, I felt sure 
it could never happen - Janice wouldn't go along, naturally, and Libby 
certainly wouldn't betray her friend, and I - well in spite of my "dark 
desires", I was sure that my shyness and timidity and (why not say something 
nice about myself!) gentlemanliness would prevent me from doing anything to 
bring about such a fabled event.

        To my surprise, Libby actually seemed intrigued by the idea. "Why that's 
true, Sarah, she hasn't received her birthday spanky yet. Janice, don't you 
want to get your birthday spanking?" she asked laughingly, "I'm sure that Dave 
would be happy to give it to you!" I felt sure that Libby was just attempting 
playfully to give her friend a little embarrassment, but that she had no real 
expectation of things proceeding further than a few laughing remarks and a 
blush or two. Libby was a bit on the plain side compared to Janice and Sarah, 
but very intelligent and full of fun. She was a shortish brunette with a round 
face and a figure that tended a bit towards the plump. I thought that she was 
pretty sexy in her own way, but I felt more friendliness toward her than 
anything else.

        "Ha, ha! Very funny!" snorted Janice, with what I thought to be a bravado 
that was a bit forced., since she was still blushing furiously. She got up. 
"Can I get anyone a drink?" Janice was clearly attempting to change the 
subject.

        But Sarah was not ready to change the subject. "Sure, we'll all have drinks, 
Janice, but AFTER your spanking. Don't you agree, Dave?"

        My mouth was dry, and I had just grown a lump in my pants, but I found my 
voice, "Sure, Sarah, that sounds like a, ~gulp~, good idea." I was telling the 
truth, but I was understating my feelings a bit. I actually thought it was one 
of the best ideas that anyone had ever had in the history of the universe. 
Besides, it was SO easy to agree with Sarah - she was a natural born leader. 
In fact Janice, Libby, and I had gotten into the habit of following Sarah's 
lead because we had grown to see Sarah as sort of a guru of our emerging teen 
lives.

        Janice was frozen for just a second, staring at me as if she was momentarily 
surprised by my descent from my customary gentlemanliness. In addition Janice 
knew as well as Libby and I that Sarah rarely suggested something that she 
wasn't serious about. I stole a glance at Libby, who just that instant glanced 
at me. She was wearing a big grin on an excited face. She seemed to be saying, 
"What fun! What the heck, let's see where Sarah leads this one!"

        Janice seemed to have intercepted that exchange between Libby and me. I'm 
guessing that at that moment she felt a cold touch of fear that something 
might actually come of this talk, which would explain why she chose to ignore 
the last few bits of conversation and act as though nothing had been said.

        "Well, I'm getting a Coke, if nobody else wants anything." she said, 
attempting to seem unconcerned and starting to walk "calmly" toward the 
kitchen. This turned out to be a tactical error, for it allowed Sarah to 
whisper privately to Libby and me as soon as Janice had left the room.

        "How about it?" she whispered, leaning towards us with a mischievous grin, 
"Let's give her a spanking, OK?"

        Libby and I stared at Sarah and then at each other, temporarily unable to 
reply.

        "Come on, you guys, it'll be fun, lots of fun. You both know you'd love to do 
it. Are you up for it or not?"

        "Sure, why not?" said Libby in a funny trembly voice, much to my amazement 
and happiness. "Dave?"

        Time stood still. so this may be a good time to describe myself. At fifteen I 
was actually a fairly good-looking, athletic guy, although I didn't realize it 
then, because of fairly typical adolescent insecurities. I was about 5'10'', 
broad-shouldered, and I had a strong left arm coming from a lot of tennis 
playing. I mention this strong left arm as a kind of foreshadowing.

        "S-sounds like a good idea." I repeated myself, "A GREAT idea" I added, "but 
she'll never let us..."

        "Just you two do as I say, and it won't matter whether she lets us or not. 
She isn't going to have a choice, `if you get my meaning''. Agreed?"

        Libby and I nodded our heads and exchanged excited glances. Just then Janice 
returned, carrying a can of Coke, her medium length red hair and her tits 
bouncing as she waltzed nonchalantly to her former seat on the couch. "So, 
what d'you guys wanna do, play cards or something?" she said, attempting to 
sound casual but actually sounding a bit nervous.

        "Something." answered Sarah with a cruel smile for Janice that seemed to 
produce a slight shiver in the birthday girl.

        Sarah continued in a light, calm voice, with just the slightest hint of a 
steely edge, "Janice, dear, listen very carefully. We're going to give you 
your birthday spanking, and you have a choice. Either you voluntarily submit 
yourself, follow my orders exactly and promptly, and take it in a good spirit, 
or we'll do it by force, which you know we can. In that case you'll get your 
spanking anyway, but in addition we'll punish you for causing us trouble, and 
that punishment will be much worse than the spanking."

        Janice was stunned, clearly. She could only swallow, painfully, for a few 
seconds. Her face, neck and upper chest were bright red.

        "Th-this isn't funny, Sarah" Janice managed. "You wouldn't do what she said, 
would you, Dave? Libby?" looking appealingly at each of us in turn, and from 
each of us receiving a calm smile that told her just what she didn't want to 
know. She was just starting to get a panicked small animal look in her eyes 
and her breathing was quickening. She probably could see that she really 
couldn't escape us if we were intent on following through with Sarah's threat.

        "D-Dave? L-Libby? Come on, please don't do this to me? Please, I'm serious, I 
couldn't stand it, and besides it's mean and not nice, and it's indecent too!" 
she seemed almost on the verge of tears. "Really! I don't think it's funny at 
all!" she almost sobbed.

        My whole being was in a kind of ecstatic state. I was full of many emotions, 
some conflicting, but most boding no good for young Janice. I DID feel a great 
deal of compassion and empathy for her situation. I could easily imagine and 
empathize with the embarrassment and fear she must be feeling, and I was also 
imagining very vividly and empathizing with how embarrassed and humiliated she 
might feel as she was actually getting spanked by us. But rather than 
diminishing my eagerness to get on with Sarah's plan, this empathy seemed to 
INCREASE it. I was now determined that I was going to do nothing, but NOTHING 
that would get in my way of spanking Janice's cute bottom. My penis was rock 
hard and standing straight up against my belly under my jeans ( I had adjusted 
it secretly (well, I hoped it was secret, but I wasn't sure) right after 
Sarah's first pronouncement, when Janice was leaving the room. ). My penis 
TRULY had no conscience, and was fueling a veritable rationalization factory 
in my brain - "It's for her own good. It will be great fun for us and just a 
bit embarrassing for her and she'll get over it right away. She'll laugh with 
us about it afterward. It's really a friendly bit of playing around - totally 
harmless! Everyone deserves a spanking on their birthday."

        My rationalizations found voice, "Come on, Janice, be a sport - it's just a 
birthday spanking. Everybody does it. You have to provide us a little 
entertainment in return for all the cool presents you got." I urged.

        Sarah added "And remember, either you be a sport or it will be worse."

        "And besides, you've got a lot of padding to protect you!" giggled Libby, who 
seemed to be wholeheartedly entering into the spirit.

        Suddenly Janice yelled, "No!" and started to jump up from the couch, 
obviously hoping to take flight, perhaps thinking she could run and lock 
herself in her room. Quickly Libby and I each grabbed an arm. "Not so fast, 
Janice" Libby said with a giggle. Janice struggled but she couldn't escape us. 
Again she seemed perilously close to tears. Soon she calmed down a bit and 
ceased to struggle. "Come on, guys! Let me go! This isn't funny, so lets drop 
it, OK?" she pleaded. She was still breathing heavily and I couldn't avoid 
noticing her full bosom rising and falling rapidly. Well, maybe I COULD have 
avoided noticing, but I really saw no reason to!

        "Janice." said Sarah quietly, with a cool sense of authority.

        "What?" said Janice angrily, with that edge of almost tears in her voice.

        "As I said before," Sarah continued, "you have two choices. One, submit 
yourself to get your birthday spanking, or we'll force it on you and it will 
be much worse. For instance, if you submit, you get to keep all your clothes 
on." she smiled.

        Again Janice's blush was reinvigorated and her jaw dropped. She was 
speechless, for the time being. As for me, my already rock hard penis became 
even harder - moving toward titanium hardness. I didn't know if Sarah was 
bluffing or not, but I sure was blown away by the concept she presented.

        "You...you wouldn't dare!" Janice whispered in disbelief. Then, she again 
started struggling to get loose. "No! No! Let me go you creeps! You aren't 
spanking me and you better not even think about touching any of my clothes!"

        In spite of Janice's struggles, Libby and I had no trouble holding Janice's 
arms and keeping her on the couch. I think it could be said that Libby and I 
were highly motivated to keep things moving in the current direction.

        While Janice struggled and continued to yell insults and threats, Sarah said, 
"OK, Janice, if that's the way you want it." Sarah got up and walked around 
the back of the couch we were sitting on. She leaned over and started 
unbuttoning the buttons on the back of Janice's frilly party dress.

        This produced an escalation in Janice's behavior - more yells, more 
struggles, but to no avail - we held on tight. When Sarah had the back of 
Janice's dress unbuttoned almost down to her waist (exposing to my happy eyes 
a lovely, pale, freckled back and a set of lacy white bra straps), Janice 
began to lose some steam. She clearly saw that she couldn't stop us from 
having our way with her.

        "OK! OK! Stop! You can spank me, OK? So stop unbuttoning me!" she yelled. I 
noticed she had tears in her eyes and that her voice was breaking 
suspiciously. In spite of the fact that I couldn't wait to start spanking her 
cute little teenage bottom, I must note that I was very much enjoying watching 
Janice's anger and defiance begin to turn toward fear and submission - an 
ecstatic moment! I was very aware of the softness of Janice's bare arm in my 
grasp and of the warmth of her body next to me.

        "Are you sure, Janice?" asked Sarah.

        "Yes, if you'll button me up" Janice answered hopefully.

        "No, I think that you'll stay unbuttoned as your payment for causing us this 
much trouble, but if you're good, we won't strip you anymore. Now tell us 
you'll be good." Sarah ordered.

        "Ooooh!" Janice moaned in utter humiliation and defeat - and started sobbing. 
"Please, guys" she manage in a meek voice, "please let me go?"

        "Janice, shut up and do what I say, or your clothes are coming off. I just 
gave you an order - tell us you'll be a good girl!" snapped Sarah.

        Janice was quiet. I could hear my heart pounding.

        Sarah reached back down to resume unbuttoning Janice - starting to work on 
the next to last button, near the small of Janice's adorable back.

        "Stop! OK? I said I'd let you! OK? I'll let you!" Janice yelled in panic.

        "Say `I'll be a good girl.', Janice." Sarah said calmly.

        "Oooh!" Janice moaned, "I-I'll - I can't, Sarah! It's too humiliating!"

        Sarah unbuttoned the next to the last button.

        Janice yelled, "OK! Stop!" Then, in a quiet, mournful voice, "I'll be a good 
girl."

        "Glad to hear it, Janice", Sarah laughed, "Just remember to see to it that 
you ARE a good girl."

        I shared an excited and happy glance with Libby. What fun we were having! How 
wonderfully cruel Sarah was!

        "Now." continued Sarah, "Libby and Dave are going to let go of you and you 
are going to do exactly as I say. If you argue, resist, try to escape - 
anything besides following my orders, then we will remove the rest of your 
clothes and tie you down, spank your bare bottom, and you will also be 
receiving extra punishment that might make you forget the spanking. 
Understood? Answer me!" she ordered, as she sat back down in her chair in 
front of us.

        "Y-yes." Janice managed to sob.

        Libby and I released Janice's arms. She made no move other than to look at 
Sarah as if awaiting her sentence.

        "This will be very simple Janice. You will stand up, move to the middle of 
the room, bend over and grab your ankles. Now move it!" Sarah commanded our 
poor victim.

        Janice stood up, red faced and teary eyed, holding the top part of her dress 
so that it wouldn't fall down and expose the front of her bra, and took a 
couple of steps to the middle of the room. 
"Here?" she asked Sarah.

        "That's fine, now go on, I told you what to do. Bend over!"

        With a sob, Janice bent over and grabbed her ankles! She seemed to 
instinctively know that she was to arrange to have her bottom pointing towards 
us, and that's what she did. Her bottom looked scrumptious filling out the 
white dress, and the lower parts of her slim, graceful thighs came into view.

        "Ok, Janice, now reach behind you and pull the back of your skirt up onto 
your back." Sarah said.

        I was wonderfully surprised. I had been deliriously happy anticipating 
whapping young Janice's succulent rear end through her light party dress, and 
had entertained no hope of actually seeing her bottom clad only in panties. 
This was fantastic. My excitement and sense of cruelty grew.

        For Janice it was too much. "No way! You can spank me over my dress!" she 
became defiant again, apparently forgetting Sarah's earlier warnings. It was 
amusingly incongruous to hear this defiance from a girl who was still bending 
over grabbing her ankles with her cute teenager's bottom rather rudely poking 
out at the rest of us.

        Sarah's response was unrelenting. "One last chance, Janice, lift that skirt 
or suffer the consequences."

        Janice was brought back from her defiant attitude, but she still just 
couldn't fathom the idea of baring her panties to us, particularly, I was 
happy to think, because of my male presence. Janice stood up and faced Sarah. 
"P-please, Sarah, I-I can't! Not with Dave here - I just can't!" she pleaded. 
I was right!

        Suddenly Janice bolted, attempting to run from the living room. I jumped 
after her and caught her easily in a couple of strides. I grabbed her around 
her arms from behind and wrestled her easily back to where Sarah and Libby 
were standing (they had stood up when Janice made her move). Janice struggled 
desperately for a few seconds, yelling and pleading, until she realized it was 
futile. As she did so I reveled in the feeling of her bottom rubbing 
erratically against my upstanding, sill rock hard, penis.

        I'm afraid I also enjoyed the unavoidable contact between my hands and her 
tits in their lacy white bra. It seems that in the course of the attempted 
flight and struggle, the top of Janice's filly white party dress had fallen 
down, so that she was now clad only in a bra above the waist. A fact that she 
suddenly became aware of.

        "Ooooh! Dave! PLEASE let me put my dress back up. Please don't look at me! 
Ohhh, I'm so embarrassed!" Janice sobbed, turning her head to me in appeal. 
Maybe I would have felt an urge to respond to her plea to have her maidenly 
modesty restored, but I'm afraid I was a bit distracted - by the combination 
of the feeling of my hard penis up against the back of her skirt which had her 
warm, plump bottom underneath it and the wonderful sight of her large, firm 
breasts in their skimpy bra, heaving up and down with her anguished panting. I 
could see the latter quite easily over her bare shoulder, since I was about a 
foot taller than her.

        "I think Dave's too busy looking at your tits to help you out, Janice." Libby 
observed in a calmly happy voice.

        Sarah spoke, "Janice, I'm afraid you've made sure that things are going to be 
worse for you than they had to be, but you still have a chance to keep them 
from getting as bad as they COULD get." 
Janice stared silently at Sarah, her lower lip trembling.

        "If you don't immediately begin following my orders INSTANTLY," Sarah 
continued, " no matter what, we will strip you of ALL of your clothes, 
including your bra and those panties that we haven't seen yet, but which we 
assume you're wearing. If you DO behave, you'll be allowed to keep your 
underwear. Do you understand?"

        "Y-yes."

        "Say, `I'll be a good girl.'"

        "I-I'll be a g-good girl." red faced Janice choked back a sob of humiliation.

        "Let her go, Dave." Sarah said to me. I did so, reluctantly.

        "Remove your dress, Janice. Now!"

        That opened the floodgates and Janice started bawling, but she was 
sufficiently impressed with Sarah's seriousness that she also immediately 
began to pull her dress over her head. In three seconds it lay beside her on 
the floor in a frilly white mound, and Janice stood huddled before us in white 
shoes and socks, white lacy bikini panties, and bra. She assumed the classic 
pose of attempting to cover her crotch area as well as her boobs and she 
continued crying, her shoulder shaking with her sobs. She was clearly VERY 
embarrassed.

        She was also quite lovely. I couldn't get enough of feasting my eyes on her. 
Since I was still behind her I was relishing the lovely sight of her 
well-developed but very shapely bottom that was barely being contained within 
those skimpy panties. Really, the better part of it was visible, although of 
course some of the more interesting areas were covered - the crack, to speak 
plainly, although it WAS well outlined. I'll bet she wished she had worn a 
more modest pair of panties! My hands were itching to spank that lovely bottom 
unmercifully. I was a bit surprised at my own bloodthirstiness, but I wanted 
to hear her yell, to plead for mercy, to writhe in anguish, and to drown in 
humiliation. I was developing at the same time an intense gratefulness toward 
Sarah for providing me this heavenly experience.

        "Follow me, Libby, Dave, you too, Janice." Sarah lead us all from the living 
room into the adjoining dining room. Janice walked with her head down behind 
Sarah and Libby and I walked behind Janice. I was fascinated to watch the 
workings of Janice's buttocks as she walked. Remember, I was obsessed with 
that bottom, and now here it was almost naked in front of me!

        In the dining room there was a large oak table in the center. It was covered 
with opened presents, wrapping paper, paper plates, and things of that sort.

        "Janice, clear the table." said Sarah.

        "But w-why, Sarah?"

        "Janice."

        Janice immediately set to work. She threw all of the waste paper away and 
moved her presents to the side board. Soon the table was completely clear. 
During her task she still attempted to protect her scantily covered breasts 
and the crotch of her panties from our view. It was amusing to watch, 
particularly since she was still wearing her bobby socks and white party 
shoes, which had medium heels. I found watching her bottom in motion to be 
totally involving.

        "Remove your shoes and socks, Janice." Sarah calmly ordered.

        Amazingly, wonderfully, Janice complied. She silently sat down on a chair 
against a wall and removed her shoes and socks, while I enjoyed the very good 
view of most of the tops of her large white breasts that this activity 
provided me.

        "Now, lie face down on the table, Janice." Sarah commanded. 
"Ohhh, no! P-PLEASE, PLEASE!" Janice whimpered.

        "Now, Janice!"

        The sobbing started again as Janice rather awkwardly climbed onto the dining 
room table. I enjoyed a quick sight of her hanging boobs as she temporarily 
found herself on her hands and knees on the table. She stretched herself out 
on her belly, lengthwise on the table, still crying, and lay there with her 
head in her hands, her arms drawn up against her sides. She was a lovely 
sight, arranged like a succulent meal on the dining room table, her white skin 
brought out by the reddish brown oak of the table and the red of her hair. I 
noticed a few freckles adorning her blushing shoulders.

        Sarah said, "I'll be right back - don't anybody go away!" with a laugh, which 
Libby and I shared. She came back in a couple of seconds with a mysterious 
canvas bag that she had brought with her to the party, which was kind of 
large. I had wondered what was in it. She plopped it down on the table next to 
the prone Janice and then started rummaging in it and pulling items out. And 
what items they were!

        First she pulled out what looked to be a pair ankle or wrist cuffs, then 
several lengths of clothesline, and then another pair of cuffs. The cuffs had 
belts for fastening and metal loops that I guessed were for attaching the 
ropes to. I gasped in disbelief. Libby seemed amazed too. Janice didn't 
notice, since her head was still buried in her hands.

        "Please, won't you just get it over with?" Janice asked from behind her 
hands, her voice somewhat muffled and full of tears.

        "In a hurry are we?" asked Sarah with a laugh as she went about her business.

        I noticed that Janice's arms and lovely long white legs were covered with 
goose pimples.

        Sarah moved to the end of the table where Janice's head was pointing. She 
tied a length of clothesline to each leg of the table at that end. Then, 
"Janice, remember to be a good girl now, and give me your hands."

        "Oooh!" Janice moaned, but meekly extended her arms lengthwise in front of 
her, but kept her head down on the table. I couldn't help but notice that this 
exposed the squished out sides of her boobs - a very enjoyable sight. I 
wondered if the position Janice was in was uncomfortable for her boobs, and I 
found myself hoping that it was. Sarah commenced to attach one of the cuffs to 
Janice's left wrist.

        "Oh, what are you doing!" Janice queried, still keeping her head down.

        "Be quiet, and hold still." was Sarah's answer.

        Janice remained cowed, perhaps fully believing that the only way she could 
keep her underwear on was to follow Sarah's orders. Apparently keeping her 
underwear on was a high priority for her because she was being very obedient. 
I'm afraid my priorities were adjusted somewhat differently!

        Sarah had attached both cuffs, tied the ropes to them, pulled them tight, and 
secured them before Janice started to have a real good idea of what was 
happening. I can only guess that she had, in her extreme embarrassment, 
retreated into herself and stopped paying a lot of attention to her 
surroundings so that she wouldn't have to be so aware of her delectably 
presented body laid out in front of our hungry eyes.

        But now she panicked! "Hey! What's going on?" She lifted her head up and saw 
her cuffed wrists stretching out to the corners of the table. "Let me go!" she 
shouted, and tried to yank her wrists loose. However, the table was sturdy and 
Sarah knew how to tie ropes. Janice's wrists were securely fastened.

        On finding that she couldn't get her wrists loose, Janice seemed stymied for 
a second. Then she felt Sarah starting to attach one of the cuffs to her left 
ankle. She pulled her ankle loose from Sarah's grasp. Sarah grabbed the other 
ankle. Janice pulled that one loose too, so that now she had both knees up 
underneath her, forcing her into a classic "presented" pose, with her bottom 
high in the air. I was fascinated, noticing with a rush of excited pleasure 
that this pose caused her pussy lips to be tightly hugged and outlined by the 
material of her panties. In addition, the back part of the garment became 
tucked into the crack of her darling white bottom, leaving the cheeks 
completely bare.

        "Grab her legs!" Sarah ordered us.

        Libby and I each grabbed an ankle and with a great deal of effort forced 
Janice's legs back straight. It was hard, though, because she was struggling 
furiously.

        Sarah meanwhile had attached the ropes to the table legs and had the cuffs 
ready.

        "Spread her legs, to the corners!" she ordered again like a battlefield 
general.

        "No!!!" yelled a panicked and desperate Janice, resisting with all her might.

        In a few more seconds the job was done. Janice was tightly secured, face 
down, to the dining room table, with her arms and legs extended and spread. I 
could barely believe what was happening. What, I wondered, did Sarah have in 
mind? I was also happy to admire Janice's latest "new look". Her bottom 
cheeks, full and pale, were wonderfully bare and now they too were covered 
with goose bumps. Her panties, starting from the visible waist band, plunged 
into the depths of the great divide, emerging once again from the back end 
between her legs to form a little white cup around her pussy. The whiteness of 
this particular piece of material was set off against the dark oak of the 
table, drawing attention to itself and its contents. It was very stimulating, 
I must say. As for the aforementioned great divide, it was deep and narrow, 
and was still keeping its inner secrets hidden, in spite of the spread of 
Janice's legs. I found this to be a bit of a disappointment, but I wasn't 
about to start complaining! The sight of Janice's little pussy so nicely 
outlined in lacy fabric was plenty to think about!

        "Let me go! Let me go! Let me go!" Janice was starting to get hoarse. She 
continued for about a minute to yell and struggle, but then started to give up 
and eventually just lay there breathing heavily.

        She tried a different tack, one that she perhaps forgot she had tried earlier 
without success. "Come on, guys. This isn't funny anymore. I'm not kidding. 
OK? I really mean it. Come on, Libby, really, untie me, please, won't you?"

        There wasn't really much chance of that. I was enjoying too much the 
unbelievably lovely sight of Janice's all but bare bum lying right in front 
me, and I suspect that Sarah and Libby were also enjoying the situation 
greatly, although in different ways. They faces of both were flushed and their 
eyes were sparkling with excitement.

        Sarah spoke to Janice, "Janice, you weren't very good just now, I'm afraid. I 
thought you wanted to keep your underwear ON." 
"But I didn't know you were going to tie me up!" Janice responded 
passionately, "Oh don't take my underwear of! Please?"

        Sarah seemed to drop the subject, which was a big disappointment for me, as 
you might imagine - my scientific curiosity was aroused and I wanted to view 
the mysteries of the female anatomy. In addition my sense of fair play was 
offended. After all, Sarah and Janice made a deal which said that Janice could 
keep her underwear only if she were a good girl, and she HADN'T been! It was 
only fair that her cute little teenage body be completely naked!

        "All set!" said Sarah, and without warning slapped Janice's left bum cheek - 
hard! SLAP!

        "Owww!" Janice yelled, "Ah! ah!" she continued and writhed her hips into the 
table as the sting sank in. A clear white handprint appeared on the attacked 
cheek and slowly changed to a dark pink as we watched. It was a magic moment.

        "Ow, that hurt!" Janice complained after a bit.

        "That was just to make sure you're tied down well. It seems that you are." 
explained Sarah, helpfully.

        "Hey, don't spank me THAT hard. That really hurt!" said Janice.

        "Lets not keep her in suspense. " Sarah was all business, " Libby, why don't 
you start? Give her fifteen spanks, and make them as hard has you can."

        "OK" said Libby, barely concealing her excitement as she walked to Janice's 
left side and lifted her right arm menacingly above Janice's still smarting 
bottom.

        "No, Libby!" Janice tried to stop the inevitable.

        SLAP! Libby brought her hand down hard on Janice's right bum cheek. " Owww!"

        SLAP! On the left cheek. "Owww!"

        Libby didn't seem to pack quite the whallop in her slaps that Sarah had 
demonstrated, but they were nevertheless QUITE hard, and she wasn't holding 
back at all. She continued to alternate bum cheeks, but seeming to hit pretty 
much in the same spot on each cheek.

        SLAP! "Yeow! Libby, not so..."

        SLAP! "Aghhhhhh! ...hard!"

        SLAP! "Oh! Owww!"

        SLAP! "Aghhhhhh! Owwww!"

        Libby paused and we all enjoyed watching Janice writhing and grinding, trying 
to deal with the smarting pain. Her bottom was looking interesting. It had 
gotten an overall pinkish glow, with a vaguely hand-sized area right in the 
middle of each cheek sporting a deeper red. I thought it was getting more and 
more beautiful with each slap.

        WHAP! Libby resumed with a full-blooded slap to the lower outside quadrant of 
the left bum cheek. "Owwww! That HURTS! Ohhhh!"

        Then came a flurry of five slaps all on the same spot as the last one.

        SLAP! "AH! Owww!"

        SLAP! "Ooeef!"

        SLAP! "OWW! Stop!"

        SLAP! "AGHHHH! Not so.."

        SLAP! "Eeyow! Oh! Oh! Oh, PLEASE not all in the same spot. That REALLY hurts, 
Libby - I'm not kidding!" Janice babbled as she wiggled her now bright pink 
bottom in pain and lapsed into some soft moaning that I found very charming.

        "Janice, I wish you could see how you look! You're just adorable!" gushed 
Libby.

        This seemed to have an effect on Janice. "Ohhh, how embarrassing!" she 
moaned. "Please, let me go? It's indecent to have Dave see me like this."

        While this conversation was going on Sarah was looking in her bag again. She 
pulled out a Polaroid camera (Did they actually exist in 1962? Well, lets 
pretend they did.) "Lets let her see how she looks!" she said, and flashed a 
shot of Janice's interesting looking behind.

        While we were waiting for the picture to be ready, Libby resumed her task. 
She had only three to go and she delivered them very hard to one very 
concentrated spot on the summit of Janice's right bottom cheek.

        SLAP! "Ah! Owww! No....!" Janice's body jerked in surprised pain.

        SLAP! "AHH! OOOWwww!" Her head lifted off the table,
giving us a view of her pain- filled, pitiful expression.

        SLAP! "Aghgh! Ohhhh...not in the same place! It's too much! I can't stand it 
like that! It hurts too much, Libby! PLEASE!" Janice begged and tossed her 
bottom around, much to my delight. And anyway it couldn't do much good to 
appeal to Libby anymore, because she had completed the appointed 15 spanks.

        "Ah, here we go." announced Sarah, pulling the recently developed picture of 
Janice's bum from the camera.

        Libby and I gathered round. "Not bad!" said Libby.

        The picture WAS lovely, I thought. The pink bottom, the spread legs, the 
white covered pussy, what wonderful composition!  Sarah put the picture in 
front of Janice's face. "What do you think Janice? Is it you?"

        The effect on Janice appeared to be profound. She stared at the picture as if 
in disbelief. "Ohhhh! Ohh! M-my panties! Oh he can see... Oh, Libby, please 
fix my panties - I didn't know they were like that!"

        How Janice could have failed to realized the state of her underwear after all 
of those slaps on the bare skin, I couldn't fathom, but apparently she hadn't 
realized, and now the embarrassment and shock appeared to be almost 
overwhelming. She started crying again. I was relishing her renewed 
humiliation.

        "You're lucky you have them at all, after the way you fought us just now." 
said Sarah calmly. "You should be happy that Dave here isn't getting a shot of 
your bare pussy as well as your bare bottom. I'm sure he'd like that, wouldn't 
you, Dave."

        "Yes I believe I would, Sarah." I answered in my best attempt to seem calm.

        Meanwhile I was ITCHING to get my hands onto that reddened bottom. I wanted 
to give it something to really remember. Sarah interrupted my reverie. "Libby, 
don't forget to give her a pinch to grow on."

        This sent another wave of excitement through me, and appeared to have a 
similar affect on Libby, who shot Sarah a glance.

        "But where should she get her pinch, Sarah?" Libby asked, as if we were in a 
classroom and Sarah was "madam professor".

        "Wherever you feel it will do her the most good, Libby. After all, SHE'S the 
birthday girl."

        I was quite sure that Libby thought the same thing I did. The little plump 
pussy in it's lacy covering was just too well presented and vulnerable to 
ignore. But Libby didn't pinch Janice's pussy. Instead she reached down 
between Janice's legs and grabbed a fold of skin from Janice's left inner 
thigh, just below the crotch. Later Libby confided in me that she WANTED to 
pinch Janice's little twat, but she just couldn't quite bring herself to go 
that far. As we will see, Sarah was not to be troubled with such inhibitions.

        "Oh, no! Not there, Libby!" begged Janice.

        Cruel Libby! She ignored Janice's plea, was in fact perhaps instigated by it. 
She pinched, pulled, and twisted the sensitive morsel of flesh vigorously for 
three or four seconds.

        "Owwwww!! Ow! Ow! Owww! Stop!! Please stop!" Janice jerked and writhed 
marvelously as the pinching continued, her head arching up, her bottom 
bouncing, her knees making a bonking sound on the oak table...

        Libby let go of the obviously quite sensitive spot. "Ahhhh! Ahh!" Janice 
exclaimed, partly in relief and partly with the continued pain of her freshly 
pinched thigh. The area that got pinched was a nice bright red, about two 
inches in diameter. It surely hurt quite a bit, but Janice must also have been 
painfully aware of how close Libby's attack had been to Janice's defenseless 
pussy.

        "Well, Janice, one third of your spanking is done. How are you liking it?" 
asked the always concerned Sarah.

        "Oohhhh! It hu-urts!" moaned Janice, "How can you guys do this to me? I 
thought you were my friends!"

        "We ARE your friends, Janice." volunteered Libby, "but don't you understand? 
You must have your birthday spanking. It's traditional, and besides, it's for 
your own good!"

        Janice groaned inarticulately. She was looking quite marvelous, especially 
her big bottom, no longer pale, but now suffused with a pink flush with areas 
of darker red where the majority of Libby's hefty spanks had landed. The 
inflamed spot on her inner thigh right next to her cunt was a nice added touch.

        "But a birthday spanking doesn't mean I have to be almost n- naked like I 
am!" Janice protested.

        "You have only yourself to blame, Janice" answer Sarah, "If you had been more 
obedient you would still have all of your clothes on. Dave, if you don't mind, 
I'll go next?"

        "Sure, no problem." Always the polite guy. In reality I could hardly wait to 
feel that wonderful bottom under my hand. In fact I was really curious just 
how loud I could make Janice yell, just how deep a red I could paint her 
beautiful butt. But I was also happy to wait my turn, since the wait would 
involve yet more interesting activity, namely Sarah's turn!

        Sarah walked over to the table to get into position to command the "area of 
operations". She stopped and turned to me, smiling. "Dave, you're being very 
polite and gentlemanly, and we all appreciate it. Right, Libby, Janice?"

        Libby nodded enthusiastically, flashing me a grin. Poor Janice gave a soft 
whimper and shifted uncomfortably.

        Sarah continued, "But don't worry Dave. You'll get your turn, both at 
spanking young Janice's very naughty bottom and at giving her her ....her 
PINCH. Be sure to be thinking about where you think a pinch would do the most 
good! And, please trust me, you'll also get some special surprise treats for 
your patience, although Janice may not like them so much."

        Sarah seemed to have another thought, "You know, my hands are smaller than 
Libby's, and I don't think I'm quite as strong, so I think I'll see what I can 
find in my bag to even things out." As she was looking in her bag she said, 
"After all, we want Janice to get the full benefit of this!" Finally she 
pulled out a ping pong paddle. "Ta Da!"

        "Now it's my turn, Janice, dear." said Sarah.

        WHAP! Sarah brought the paddle down hard on the crest of Janice's left bum 
cheek. It made a surprisingly loud report and brought a loud yell from the 
birthday girl. "Yeoww! Ohh, God, my bottom..." commented Janice, who seemed 
more than willing to fill us in on the effects of the paddle. She was suddenly 
very alert and active.

        WHAP! This one on the right cheek, just as hard as the first. "Ahh! Ohhhhh!" 
Janice moaned.

        WHAP! "Ow! Ahhh! Oh, God, that hurts!" Janice was jerking and writhing after 
each pop. Sarah was being a bit slower than Libby had been. She was allowing 
eight to ten seconds between strokes, drawing out the punishment in a way that 
must have been agonizing to our victim, but seemed like artistry to me.

        Sarah delivered ten very hard swats with the paddle, distributing them evenly 
over Janice's lovely round bottom. Each swat made a loud popping sound. After 
the fourth one Janice stopped commenting and started crying to fill up the gap 
between swats, but still responded with wonderfully full throated yells after 
each one. Meanwhile her bouncing, twisting bottom was getting to be a darker, 
deeper red over the entire surface.

        After the tenth, Sarah asked the wailing Janice, "How is your bottom feeling, 
Janice?"

        "Ohh, sob, it hu-u-u-rts! Please, let me go? Please stop!" Janice answered 
through her tears.

        "Well, we won't let you go JUST yet, dear, but I WILL give your bottom a 
rest." Sarah said, and then brought the paddle down sharply on Janice's left 
inner thigh, right over the area where Libby had given Janice her pinch.

        WHAP! "Aggghhh! Oh, no! That's worse..."

        WHAP! In the same place. "Aggggghhhh! Ow! Ow!" Janice jerked at her bindings. 
Her crying became louder.

        WHAP! WHAP! Two more, again right on the same tender area of soft inner 
thigh. I was sure that this would give Janice some interesting bruises later 
on. "Owwww! Oh! Oh! Stop! (sob!)" She seemed to be trying desperately to close 
her spread legs, to do anything to protect that burning spot that Sarah was 
attacking. It was no use, of course. Her poor legs remained well spread.  
Sarah had one more spank to give. She chose to continue belaboring the same, 
very sore, spot, with the hardest swat yet.

        WHAP!! "Aghhhhhh! Yeooowww! Ow! Ohhh!" Janice responded at the top of her 
voice, yelling out her anguish, then relapsing back into loud sobbing. Her 
eyes were squinched up and her face was red, although not quite as red as her 
nether regions.

        Sarah paused and we all watched and listened as Janice continued to wail as 
if her heart would break, although she probably was more concerned about her 
bottom and/or thigh being broken than her heart!

        After Janice's sobs subsided somewhat into moans and sniffles, Sarah 
announced, "And now for your pinch, Janice!"

        Janice was hard put to respond articulately, "Ohhh! Sob! N-n-n- o-o-o..."

        To no avail was her pleading. Sarah quickly reached between the lovely 
sufferer's legs, grabbed the left side of Janice's panty covered pussy, and 
gave it the same treatment that Libby had given to her thigh. The effect was 
impressive, to say the least. Janice yelled hoarsely, "Ahhhhhgghhhhgggh!" 
keeping up the yell through the length of the pinching, about five seconds, 
and jerking her hindquarters in the most amazing ways, trying to dislodged 
Sarah's invading fingers. For the last two seconds of the pinch Janice arched 
her back, heaving up her bottom into a nice imitation of a hamster in heat, 
perhaps trying to pull her pussy away from Sarah. It was a strikingly lovely 
pose!

        At last Sarah let go of the poor, sensitive organ. Janice let out a sigh and 
flopped her hips back onto the table. She continued moaning and sobbing. I 
wanted to be able to visually assess the effects of the pinch on the area in 
question, but, alas, it was still covered by the little pouch of panty. I was 
thrilled that Sarah had taken this tack; it set a precedent, don't you see?

        And now, it was MY turn! Poor Janice! I'm afraid I wasn't feeling especially 
compassionate or merciful. On the contrary, I felt that it was only fair that 
I get in my licks just as Libby and Sarah had, and after all this was all for 
Janice's own good! It didn't matter to me that Janice's rear area was probably 
exquisitely sore and tender at this point, and that the spanks I was about to 
give her would probably hurt all the more because of this. In fact, I was 
glad, because I didn't think I had yet quite heard the quality of yell that I 
felt sure Janice was capable of. I wanted to hear something more like a scream 
than a yell. Maybe something like a roar would be possible?

        Sarah turned to me with a warm, excited smile, "Well, Dave, are you ready for 
your turn?"

        "I sure am." I managed to respond, and advanced to the altar.

        "Ohhh, Dave, don't, please! Ohh, it hurts sooo much already, please!" Janice 
begged as she saw moving approaching, with cruelty in my eyes, eyes which were 
fixed hungrily on Janice's flaming red bum.

        "Now, Janice," spoke up a bubbly Libby, "you wouldn't deny Dave his rightful 
turn at bat, would you? After all he's been so gentlemanly and all, letting 
the ladies go first. And, judging from the bulge in his pants, I'd say he's 
taken quite a fancy to that cute little bare bottom of yours."

        Janice could only moan despairingly at this.

        Libby noticed that I looked a bit embarrassed to find out that my extreme 
state of arousal was no secret. She went on, "That's all right, Dave, I'm 
turned on, too, and so is Sarah, I'll bet - it's just a bit more obvious with 
you, tee hee! And Sarah and I can't wait to see Janice getting her spanks from 
your manly arm!"

        I was grateful to Libby for her tolerance and compliment but I couldn't help 
blushing.

        Sarah said, "Before you start, Dave, I think Janice needs a little adjusting. 
Notice how her hip bones are right against the hard table with no padding. 
With Libby and me it was no problem, but when you smack her bottom it's going 
to drive her hips right into the table and hurt her where we really don't want 
to hurt her. Here, just a sec."

        Sarah ran into the living room and came back with a thick cylindrical 
bolster, about 9 or ten inches in diameter.

        "Janice, " Sarah began, "remember the penalties for not being good and lift 
up your hips. Good girl! Now Dave, you help her - pull her hips even higher..."

        I reached over and grabbed Janice's hips. What a moment! Her skin was 
wonderfully soft, but mainly it was HOT! I reveled in this as I lifted. I 
could tell that she was lifting too - continuing to be a "good girl". Looking 
straight down on her bottom as I was, I was gratified, and extremely excited, 
to notice her cheeks spread apart, revealing the groove between them, the 
central parts of which were still covered by the bunched rope of the part of 
her panties. that should have been covering at least some of her bum cheeks. 
Nevertheless I could see the slightly darker skin on either side of the cloth 
that announced where her bottom hole was.

        Meanwhile, Sarah slid the sofa bolster under Janice's hips and I let go of 
them. They didn't have far to go back down - the bolster kept them well up off 
the table. I stepped back to have a look from behind her. She was really in a 
wonderfully naughty, or embarrassing, position, depending on your attitude and 
your point of view. It was also a very exposed position, or at least it would 
have been were it not for the cursed panties that still insisted on covering 
her most vital areas. How I wanted to rip them off of her!

        "Your bottom is much more nicely presented now, Janice." observed Sarah.

        "Ohhhh, God! Ohhh, how can you guys do this to me?" asked the curious Janice.

        Sarah returned to her bag, searched for a second, a came up with a pair of 
scissors. My heart skipped a beat. There was only one thing they could be for!

        "Now, Janice, there's still the little matter of your resisting us when we 
were trying to tie you." said Sarah ominously, "Remember, back in the living 
room I said that you could keep your underwear only if you were completely 
obedient. Well I'm afraid you weren't completely obedient."

        Janice was no dummy. She new exactly what Sarah was driving at, as, of 
course, did Libby and I! "No! Sarah! No!" Janice started struggling to get 
loose. "I'm sorry! I'll be good now! I lifted myself to help you just now 
didn't I?"

        "You may wonder," continued Sarah, "why I let you keep your underwear this 
long after you were disobedient. Well it's because I like to take things in 
stages. It's more fun that way!" she laughed, as she approached the straps of 
Janice's bra with the scissors menacingly outstretched.

        Snip! "Ohh!"

        Snip! "Nooo!"

        Snip! "Sob!"

        Three quick cuts and the straps hung uselessly.

        "Lift your chest, Janice. Now!" Sarah ordered in a firm voice.

        "No! I won't...."

        Instead of bargaining any further with Janice, Sarah simply grabbed the right 
side of the lacy bra and yanked it forcefully out from under Janice's boobs. 
In the process Janice's right boob was pulled out from under her body and lay 
flopped on it's side with the large reddish brown nipple area pointing 
amusingly out at us.

        "EEEEEK!" Janice screamed in her shrillest voice yet, and arched her back in 
anguish, allowing the recently exposed breast to swing back and dangle under 
her chest next to its mate. It must have smarted a bit, I thought to myself. 
Janice remained arched for a couple of seconds as the pain coursed through her 
boobs. "Ow! Ohhh! Oh, how COULD you! Ohh, sob, sob!" While she was in this 
position her boobs hung down appealingly, the right one still visible from the 
side. I was a bit surprised at just how large and pendulous it seemed. 
Gradually she lay back down on the table, continuing to sob, squishing the 
beautiful boob beneath her.

        "And the panties." Sarah remarked calmly as she advanced toward them, 
scissors in hand.

        "Oh, Sarah! Sob! Oh, Sarah! Please not my panties! Not with Dave here. I beg 
you. I'm v-very shy! I'm so embarrassed already. Oh, you can't take them off 
with him here!" Janice babbled desperately.

        Libby spoke up, "But, Janice, if we didn't take your panties off, Dave here 
would be VERY disappointed. You wouldn't want that, would you? You wouldn't 
want to deprive Dave of a badly
needed anatomy lesson?" All but Janice laughed at this.

        Sarah slid one blade of the open scissors between the outside of Janice's hip 
and the right waist band of the darling white scrap of cloth that was her 
panties, a scrap that seemed so insignificant except that to Janice just now 
it was VERY significant, since it was the last defense of her teenage modesty.

        "If I let you keep them, would you be a VERY good girl?" Sarah asked the 
unhappy Janice, while flashing Libby and me a conspiratorial grin.

        "Oh, I WILL, I PROMISE!" Janice seemed almost hopeful.

        "But you promised before, didn't you, Janice, and you broke that promise, 
didn't you, Janice?" Sarah continued Janice's agony of apprehension.

        "Oh, but I really mean it now! Oh, Sarah, please!"

        Snip! The scissors cut through the right side of the waist band.

        "Ohhhhhh! Noooo!" Janice returned to sobbing her little heart out.

        The lower part of the waist band fell onto the bolster, but nothing else 
happened. The cloth above, the waist band across Janice's back, and the rope 
of cloth running down her spread open bottom crack just stayed there. Sarah 
quickly reached over and, Snip!, the other side of the waist band was cut. The 
same thing happened on that side, and again the rest of the panties remained 
where they were. Janice's modesty was still preserved, but SO precariously! 
She continued to sob bitterly.

        Sarah grasped the top, remaining, part of the waist band. "Lift your hips, 
Janice." Sarah ordered calmly.

        "Ohhh! I can't....!"

        Yank! The panties were suddenly ripped off of Janice and left dangling from 
Sarah's fist.

        "Owwww!" Janice bellowed in pain, and ground her hips into the bolster. Her 
pussy must have gotten a little rope burn!

        Janice was now completely exposed as far as her rear apparatus was concerned, 
and I, for one, was all eyes. I stood directly behind her and stared, not 
caring a whit for what Libby and Sarah might think. I knew that I had best 
take advantage of this wonderful vision that fate had sent my way.

        "Have you ever seen a naked girl before, Dave?" asked Libby.

        I shook my head no and remained silent.

        "Is it nice?" she asked softly.

        I nodded my head yes and continued my silent vigil. Janice's pussy was very 
lightly fringed with light red curly hair - really it was all but bare. It was 
much plumper and prominent than I imagined a pussy would be, although it was 
possible that Janice's somewhat forced position might have something to do 
with that. Her spread legs and raised hips ensured that the entire pussy was 
visible, including the prominent hood of her clit - which I could see if I 
lowered my head a little bit. In addition her position caused the lips to be 
pulled apart a little so that the inner lips were visible and the hole gaped 
just a bit. I was in awe, transfixed before a beautiful, ancient and 
fascinating vision, all complemented by the background music of Janice's 
girlish sobbing.

        Nor was I oblivious to the reddish brown pucker floating just above the top 
joining of her cunt lips - her young teenage girl's bottom hole, presented to 
my eyes in a rather straightforward and rude manner. All this was of course 
framed by the wondrously flaming red spacious cheeks of Janice's burning 
behind, which shifted and writhed in time with the poor girl's weeping. I felt 
a wave of gratitude toward Janice for providing me with such visual pleasure 
and for contributing so greatly toward the furtherance of my education. I must 
confess, though, that this gratitude, real though it was, did not seem to 
diminish my intention of whapping those succulent cheeks with all my might. 
"And, the pinch!" I thought, "Would I REALLY get to pinch her bare...?" The 
lump in my pants had regained titanium level again. You see, it seemed to me 
that as vulnerable and tender as Janice's pussy appeared to be, there was 
nevertheless something very NAUGHTY about it as well. Somehow it really 
DESERVED to get pinched!

        "Dave? Dave? Oh, Dave!" Sarah was calling me, and I came out of my anatomical 
trance.

        "Yes? Oh, yes - what, Sarah?"

        Sarah laughed, "Dave, if you can tear yourself away from admiring Janice's 
charms, I'd like to remind you that you have an appointment with a rear end 
that needs some whalloping."

        "Oh, right!" I answered, enthusiastically.

        Sarah had a sudden thought, "Wait, I almost forgot." she said, picking up the 
camera, "Janice needs to have a better idea of what we're seeing."

        Sarah stood right next to me, behind Janice, and focused the Polaroid on the 
rolling hills and valley in front of us. Click! "Ohhhh! Sarah!" Janice moaned, 
realizing the meaning of the click.

        While the picture was being developed, I decided to start my trip to heaven. 
I leaned over and extended my left hand, slowly approaching Janice's 
succelent, defenseless butt. At last, the much dreamed of contact was made! 
How warm it was, how soft yet springy, how real! Janice gasped as she felt my 
marauding hand. "Ohhhh, Dave! Please, don't! Ah!"

        That last little "Ah!" was the result of my bold hand beginning to squeeze 
and knead the cheek that was at its mercy. I got a little bolder, and brushed 
a mischievous finger against Janice's bottom hole.

        "OHH! DAVE! Ahhhhh...please, sob, don't touch me there!!" Janice cried as she 
jerked in surprise at the intimate invasion. Excited by this reaction, I 
became even bolder, and lightly prodded Janice's pussy just near the entrance.

        "AH!" she exclaimed, "Ohhhh, Dave...noooo!" she moaned in abject 
mortification.

        The picture was ready. The quality was not quite as good as that of the 
previous picture, but it was a faithful enough reproduction, and actually 
enhanced the glistening quality of the inner lips of Janice's pussy. So when 
Sarah showed the picture to our unfortunate Janice, warning her to be good and 
have a good look, Janice was able to see just how exposed her secret charms 
were. It appeared to shock her horribly as she was forced to gaze on her own 
spread open crotch and bum cheeks, with all of her secret charms on view. All 
she could do was sob, "Ohh, I'm so embarrassed! Please cover me!"

        "OK, Dave, go ahead." said Sarah, once she felt that Janice had gotten a 
vivid image burned into her brain.

        "Right!" I said. For a couple of seconds I contemplated the luscious 
spectacle before me, then raised my left hand, and...

        WHAP! I swung my hand down as hard as I could on the crest of Janice's left 
cheek, feeling her hips sink into the bolster with the force of the blow. 
"Agggghhhhyowww!" Janice yelled and jerked spasmodically with the sudden pain, 
"Ohh! Ohhh! Dave...!"

        WHAP! Again I smacked her with a forceful blow on the top of the right cheek. 
"Eeaaaghh! Ah! Ah! Owwwww!" Janice yelled again, then began panting heavily. 
Evidently these blows were proving quite effective! And I believed that I was 
succeeding in starting to turn her already deeply reddened cheeks to and even 
darker and angrier hue. I was in ecstasy, reveling in the feel of each hard 
slap - the sting in my palm giving an idea of how much Janice's naughty bottom 
must be feeling. The wonderful yells and jerks coming from the lovely naked 
victim...

        WHAP! This time I directed a mighty blow to the outside of her left fleshy 
cheek. "Ahhhh! Oh, Please! Oh, it hurts!"

        WHAP! To the same spot on the right cheek! "OHHH!! Oh, God, it huuurts! 
Please, Dave...!" her bottom rotating.

        WHOP! A slightly different sound as I swung a roundhouse into the undercurve 
of her left cheek, right where it folded over into the back of her upper 
thigh. "Ahheeeegghgg! Ah! Ah! Oh, dear God!" she yelled as her rear end 
bounced wonderfully.

        WHOP! In the same spot, with perhaps even more force, into the undercurve of 
her right cheek. "Ahhhh! Oh! Oh! Owwwww! Ohhhh!" Janice yelled and sobbed.

        "Wait a second, Dave" came Sarah's calm voice. I stopped in mid blow. I had 
been about to deliver a blow bridging the crack of Janice's bottom right at 
the crest.

        "Don't you notice, Dave, that there is an area that we've all been 
neglecting, and that really needs attention?"

        "Uh, w-what do you mean, exactly, S-sarah?" I mumbled hoarsely, my mouth dry.

        "Why, right in here, silly!" and Sarah reached her forefinger down into the 
forbidden groove between Janice's bum cheeks. "Notice how it's not getting red 
like the rest of her bum?" With her fingernail lightly grazing the as yet 
unblemished flesh of this area she traced its outline and then continued 
tracing an inwardly directed spiral ending right at Janice's wrinkled bumhole. 
Janice gasped and squirmed while this was going on. Sarah finished with a 
light poke to the tight opening, drawing an "Oh!" from Janice, and then 
removed her finger.

        "But, I don't think my hand will fit in there, Sarah. I'm afraid it's too 
big." I answered, a bit stunned at what she was suggesting.

        "Ohhh God, you can't hit me there! Ohhh" Janice managed to mumble through her 
sobs, giving a few feeble jerks at her bonds.

        "I believe you're right, Dave," continued Sarah, "so lets see if we have 
something in here to make it easier for you." again Sarah was back in the 
magic bag. In a couple of seconds she produced a short, slim strap, perhaps a 
foot and a half long, an inch wide, and about a quarter inch thick. It was 
made of black, shiny leather. "How about this?" she asked, smiling, "It won't 
do a lot of damage but it CAN produce a ferocious sting if you use it 
enthusiastically, as I KNOW you can, Dave." Sarah purred as she ran an 
admiring hand over my left bicep and handed me the strap with the other hand.

        I stole a quick glance at Libby. She had a silly grin plastered on her face.

        Sarah took me by my empty hand and led me around the table to the end that 
Janice's feet were tied to, the end that provided my favorite view of young 
Janice's nether regions. "I think you'll be able to use your new toy most 
accurately from back here, Dave." said Sarah, helpfully.

        I surveyed the vista in front of me. The pale valley between Janice's flaming 
bottom globes was spread fairly wide by the combination of the spread of her 
legs and the enforced bend in her hips so that the entire "groove" was readily 
accessible. Since Janice had a fairly robust bottom with a deep crack, the 
spread open valley offered quite a reasonable expanse of untouched white flesh 
on either side. I felt sure that I could easily find good use for my remaining 
seven spanks on the two slopes of the valley without having to actually attack 
the center strip, which of course contained, as any student of anatomy would 
tell you, the tender, vulnerable pucker of Janice's anus. It is true that I 
was in a fairly conscience-free state, and that I had shown no compunctions so 
far about taking full advantage of Janice's unfortunate condition, and it is 
true that I was perfectly willing to use the new toy Sarah had so generously 
provided me with to see to it that Janice's "valley" achieved the same color 
and pain level as that of her bottom cheeks. However, I still, apparently, did 
have some sense of proportion and thought that I would stop short of 
whalloping poor Janice's rear opening, imagining that the pain would just be 
too great.

        I could see that Janice had turned her head as far back as she could, 
attempting to see what I was up to. I grinned at her, held up the strap and 
suddenly snapped it vigorously down onto the left slope.

        SMACK! The crisp report of the shiny leather as it whipped down between 
Janice's bottom cheeks to collide against the tender skin was very satisfying 
to my ears, as was Janice's loud comment. "Aiiiiowwww!" she yelled, her head 
jerking backwards, and her bottom cheeks attempting to clench. "Oh, not 
there!" she yelled as I watched a red stripe appear on the left inner side of 
Janice's bottom crack. As the stripe reddened, it became obvious that the tip 
of the strap did the most damage, leaving a square inch or so of darker red, 
that might easily become purple in a few minutes. The tip had landed near the 
top end of the spread groove. Janice was panting heavily, trying to deal with 
her pained rear end.

        SMACK! "Eeeeeeowww! Ahowww! Oh! Oh, stop!!" Again I sent the strap whistling 
into the left slope, but a little further down, so that the tip landed at 
about the midway point, next to the anus. It also caused part of the length of 
the strap to come perilously close to hitting Janice's defenseless cunt.

        "This seems to be VERY effective." dryly observed Libby.

        SMACK! "Yahhh! Oh! ....." SMACK! "Aghhhh! PLEASE! No more! Ohh!" Janice was 
yelling like a banshee and jumping like a landed fish after I sent two sharp 
stingers into the heretofore white flesh of the right side of the split. These 
were attempts on my part to balance out the two stripes on the other side. I 
think I did a pretty good job, but I'm afraid the second one may have 
accidentally nipped the poor girl on the side of her pussy.

        The strap, if anything, was more effective than handspanks, at least in terms 
of its coloration effects. The previously white skin between Janice's bright 
red buns was now almost of the same color, with an even deeper red in the four 
spots that the tip of the strap hit. Janice was now producing a more-or-less 
continuous panting moan, at a fairly loud volume, to further attest to the 
effects of the little strap on such an apparently sensitive area.

        I had three more spanks to give to the birthday girl. I intended to make them 
even harsher than the previous ones had been and to deepen the red of her 
inner slopes even more.

        "Dave, just a sec." Sarah interrupted my concentration.

        "Uh, what?

        "Uh, well, you mustn't be afraid...that is...to, uh, exercise the, uh, 
central area as well as the sides." she replied.

        I'm not the quickest guy in the world, but I did notice that Janice's moaning 
became a trifle more intense and had an added air of fearfulness in it after 
this comment. Janice was apparently quicker than I was. "Uh, central area?" I 
asked.

        Libby chipped in in a cheery voice, "She means let Janice have it right on 
her little bumhole!" Libby blushed furiously at hearing herself make such a 
straightforward remark, "Isn't that right, Sarah?"

        "Yep." said Sarah, "And don't worry, the strap can't hurt her, it's so light. 
Anyway, this will be part of the extra punishment that Janice earned by not 
being obedient."

        I gazed on the proposed target, tight and brown and wrinkled, nestled between 
the reddened cheeks that seemed to be trying to clench in response to the 
recent trend of our conversation. I noticed that it too, like Janice's pussy, 
seemed in some way to be NAUGHTY and to deserve some punishment. I also 
noticed that if I arranged to have the tip of the strap land right on Janice's 
anus, that at least some of the length of the strap would unavoidably make 
contact with her also very naughty pussy just below.

        I reached out with the strap, letting it hang down to lightly tickle the 
proposed target, drawing a delightful flinch and surprised gasp from its 
owner. Then I hardened whatever heart I had, raised the strap high, and 
without further ado brought it sizzling down to make stinging contact - the 
tip landing exactly on ground zero. SMACK!

        "AAAAAEEEEEOWWWW!" This was the loudest scream yet. I didn't think that 
Janice's voice would last through too many of those. As she yelled, Janice 
ground her hips into the bolster, writhing in agony, the cheeks of her lovely 
red bottom undergoing spasmodic contractions. I knew that she would eventually 
relax and her hips would rise up again, if I would just be patient. I was 
right. Just when that happened, when Janice's flaming red bottom was at its 
highest point and the cheeks were spread their widest I let fly another 
stroke, even harder than the previous one, and landing in exactly the same 
sensitive and intimate spot.


        SMACK! "AHHHHHHHHOOOWWW! STOP! OW! OHHHH, IT HURRTS!"

        "This would seem to be even MORE effective." came Libby's carefully 
considered comment. I noticed that she seemed to be in a highly advanced state 
of excitement as she watched and listened with great fascination. Sarah, for 
her part, seemed a bit more darkly focused, but also intensely excited. Of 
course I admit I might have been projecting my own feelings, which were pretty 
much off the scale! I was still in possession of the longest lasting and 
stiffest hardon I had ever had.

        I noticed that Janice's little rosebud had shifted a little in color. It was 
turning towards an angry red and looked like it might be a trifle tender. One 
could also see that the strap had made some non-trivial contact with the part 
of Janice's pussy that was just adjacent to her bumhole. It, too, had acquired 
a reddish hue, and seemed as if it might be smarting a bit. I let the last 
stroke fly, with all of my strength. It collided pitilessly with the already 
smarting bud.

        SMACK! "AGGGGGGGHHH!" came a long loud scream, and then silence as Janice 
filled her lungs again. "Ohhhhh! OHHHH! Ahhhhhh! Oh, God, Oh God, PLEASE, 
STOP!! It hurts SO MUCH!!" Grinding her hips into the bolster, as was her wont 
of late.

        Alas! I was finished! Janice's spanking was over! I had to face reality, but 
it was hard. If Janice had been counting she would probably be feeling pretty 
happy about that fact. In actuality though she seemed to still be preoccupied 
with some insistent physical sensations. Then I had a happy remembrance. "Your 
pinch, Janice...why, I almost forgot." I said almost absentmindedly. I turned 
to Sarah, the boss, to get her confirmation that this was indeed the next item 
on the menu.

        "Yes, Dave, she still has her pinch coming, but look! Why don't you use 
this?" Sarah had in her hand a spring loaded wooden clothespin. She had an 
impish grin on her face.

        "W-wow." said Libby.

        "Yeah, wow." said I.

        "Here you go, Dave," as she handed me the clothespin, "and just like Libby 
and me, be sure to use it where you think it will do the most good!"

        "Ohhhh, what is it! What are you guys talking about? W-what are you going to 
do to me now?" Janice asked plaintively, not quite able to turn her head far 
enough to see what we were talking about, since Sarah and I were standing 
behind her.

        "Show her, Dave." Sarah suggested.

        Smiling, I hid the clothespin behind me and walked around to command Janice's 
face, which was turned sideways on the table, and which was flushed and 
tearstained. I brought the clothespin out and held it in front of her eyes, 
which suddenly widened with the dawning of understanding. Then I slowly opened 
it and closed it once.

        I think she got the picture. As I indicated earlier, Janice was quick. 
"You're not going to...you wouldn't....not with that!" she whispered fearfully.

        "Now Janice, if you had been good, you'd be just getting a normal pinch, so 
let this be a lesson." explained Sarah.

        Apparently the thought of having her pussy at the mercy of that clothespin 
was pretty upsetting to our lovely young victim. Janice began struggling with 
a fury that she hadn't shown since she was first tied down. "No! No! Let me 
go!" I was afraid she might hurt herself.

        Sarah again reached into her magic bag. This time she pulled out ANOTHER 
clothespin, but this one was about twice as big as the first one. She walked 
to where Janice could see her, and held the huge clothespin in Janice's face. 
"If you don't lie still, we'll use THIS one instead!" It was obvious to all, 
including Janice, that this monster would exert quite a few more pounds per 
square inch than its smaller cousin. In other words, it would hurt like hell!

        Janice was suddenly quiet and still, except for her rapid panting, and soft 
fearful whimpers. I returned to the back of the table, to once again command 
the "field of action". Now that I had seen that big clothespin, I must admit I 
had kind of hoped that Janice would continue to misbehave and thus force us to 
use IT, but I swallowed my disappointment and committed myself to enjoying 
seeing the effects of the smaller clothespin, which I guessed would still be 
fairly significant.

        Before doing anything, I surveyed the results of our previous handiwork. 
Janice's rear quarters had gone through quite a transformation. From a set of 
plump pale cheeks demurely closed, we had produced two darkening red flesh 
mounds, which had areas where purple bruises were appearing, and which were 
pulled fairly hard apart to reveal an also fiery red inner valley. At the 
center was her tender young anus, which had by now turned a deep purplish red, 
a color that spread downwards just a bit - far enough to cover the beginning 
of her cunt divide. The cunt itself was just as lightly furred and vulnerable 
looking as ever, pulled slightly open so that the opening and the inner lips 
could easily be seen, pink and glistening. The outer lip that Sarah had 
pinched as a bit flushed and seemed to be perhaps a little swollen. An 
attractive side light to all of this was Janice's left inner thigh. If was 
getting some bruises in that little spot where Libby had pinched and Sarah had 
paddled.

        Where would I apply the pinch? Where would it do her the most good? I focused 
on a bit of protruding inner lip on the right side of the well-presented pussy 
- a bit that seemed especially provocative and "naughty". Reaching down and 
forward I brought the clothespin up until it lightly grazed this morsel of 
flesh.

        "How about right here?" I asked.

        "Ah! No!" Janice exclaimed. This slight touch galvanized Janice into heaving 
her big bottom up at far as it would go, trying desperately to avoid the 
inevitable, but counterproductively arranging herself into a very provocative 
position.

        "Ohhh PLEASE! Don't!" she whimpered, "Not THERE!!" as I continued to lightly 
touch the threatened pussy.

        Heartlessly I opened the clothespin and let it start closing until it was 
lightly gripping the condemned little bit of girlflesh. Janice attempted to 
pull her bottom up even higher, if that was possible, her muscles quivering 
with strain. "Oh! Oh!" she continued to emote.

        Suddenly I let go of the clothespin. It clamped down, apparently pretty hard, 
and dangled amusingly from Janice's pussy. From her reaction, I gathered that 
the smaller version of clothespin was plenty strong enough. She screamed 
heartrendingly, "AAAEEEEEEEEEAAAAEEEEE!!! Ah! AGHGH! Ow! Ow! OW! Take it OFF! 
Ow! Ohhhh! Ow! PLEASE, it hurts!" she kept yelling, bucking, and struggling 
with all of her might. The clothespin was tossed about as if in a tempest, 
but, alas for Janice, it wasn't to be dislodged and kept right on biting the 
poor girl in a very tender spot! This may have been the cruelest torture yet 
for Janice, both in intensity and in persistence.

        As for the rest of us, we watch happily, with cruelty in our hearts, and were 
all moved to almost convulsive laughter by the ludicrous spectacle Janice was 
making of herself. Gradually the volume and frequency of her yells and the 
fury of her struggles died down, although the persistent little Chihuahua 
between her legs still seemed to be hurting her quite a lot, as she relapsed 
into a state of continuous moaning and delightful squirming. "Pretty neat!" 
observed the cold-hearted Libby.

        "Janice," said Sarah, "if you'll promise to be continue to be VERY good, 
we'll remove your little ornament, but remember, if you are in the slightest 
bit disobedient, we'll put the big one on you, and maybe we'll put it on your 
clit. Understand?"

        "Ohhhhh! Groannnn! Y-y-ess!" Janice managed to reply.

        "Do you promise to be good?"

        "Y--y--ess! Ohhhhh...yes! Just take it off!" Janice moaned and wiggled her 
bottom provocatively shaking the clothespin about slightly.

        "Go ahead, Dave, take it off her." said Sarah.

        I reached down to follow Sarah's instruction, but my scientific curiousity 
led me to experiment with a few little tugs and twists on the still attached 
clothespin, each move bringing an agonized yelp from poor Janice. I removed 
the offending item, and was surprised as Janice let out a loud yell of sudden 
pain, "AhhhhhOwww!" and writhed in agony.

        "Yes, they can hurt even more coming off, as the blood rushes back in." 
explained Sarah.

        Janice's pussy now had an amusing little reddened spot where a bit of inner 
lip appeared kind of squished and flattened. She continued to moan and gasp as 
the pain continued to plague her sensitive pussy.

        "Now for the finishing touch!" Sarah announced, reaching once more into her 
bag.

        This time she pulled out, to our surprise, a candle! It was a fairly good 
sized one, about a foot and a half long and maybe an inch in diameter, and 
white. I noticed that the base had been whittled into a gradual taper to a 
dull point. This seemed curious to me, but I couldn't think what to make of it.

        Sarah laid the candle down without saying a word and then brought out a 
bottle of Vaseline. I started to put two and two together, but I couldn't 
quite believe what my deductions were leading me to. Libby also seemed 
fascinated, staring at the candle.

        "Is that what I...might...think it's for, Sarah?" asked Libby in a soft voice.

        "It might very well be, Libby." Sarah answered, "The basic idea is that 
Janice is going to be the birthday cake and this is the birthday candle."

        "Oh, what an ... INTERESTING idea." Libby said. I thought so too!


        This bit of conversation seemed to get Janice's attention; she had been 
pretty much occupied with moaning, crying, squirming, and presumably 
contemplating her many sore spots and her embarrassing situation. "Ohhhh, what 
are you going to do to me now?" turning her red, tearstained, woebegone face 
but not quite being able to see what Sarah was up to.

        "The important thing for you to know, Janice," answered Sarah, "is that you 
must be very good and do just what I say. Don't forget the big clothespin! 
Remember how the little one felt and think how the big one might feel on your 
naughty little clitty! Understood?"

        "Y-yes." Janice whimpered and shift uncomfortably, looking perfectly fetching 
in her birthday suit with her reddened hindquarters sticking up in the air.

        "Good. Now, Libby, would you do the honors?" Sarah handed Libby the jar of 
Vaseline and pointed straight at Janice's little wrinkled bumhole.

        "S-sure, Sarah." Libby dipped two fingers into the jar and retrieved a 
respectable glob of Vaseline. She hesitantly extended her hand toward Janice's 
battered little rosebud, which, by the way, WAS looking a little worse for 
wear - sporting a darkish, slightly bruised and swollen look.

        At the first touch of the gooey stuff, Janice seemed to want to jump out of 
her skin. She seemed to immediately realize the import of what she was 
feeling. She yelled, "No! No!" and started struggling and clenching her bottom 
cheeks, but it took only a word from Sarah to snap her out of it. "Janice...". 
Janice moaned despairingly and settled down to "take her medicine".

        Libby thoroughly lubricated the entrance to Janice's mysterious passageway, 
during which Janice whimpered and squirmed. Libby, being a thorough person and 
hating to leave a job half finished, then started pushing her index finger 
inside to lubricate more hidden areas.

        "Ah! Ah! Oh, Libby, ah, don't! Ohhhh!" Janice squealed, lifting her head up 
off the table and staring straight ahead. It seemed to be a blank stare, as if 
all of her consciousness was focused in a more rearward part of her body.

        Libby pulled her finger out and pushed it back in several times, each time 
pushing some of the Vaseline in. When the finger was inside, she moved it 
around and rotated it, to make sure Janice's passageway was thoroughly 
slippery. Janice seemed to be quite uncomfortable with these proceedings, 
continuing to writhe and give squealing protests.

        "Now, Janice, you should be grateful to Libby. She's lubricating you to 
minimize your discomfort when we insert the candle." said Sarah.

        "C-candle? What candle? You're not going to stick a candle in me, are you? 
Oh, PLEASE don't do that? I couldn't stand it! Really! I'm not kidding!" 
Janice babbled, looking beautiful in her anxious struggling.

        "Here! Have a look!" Sarah moved around the table and showed the candle to 
Janice. It was, as I have mentioned, about an inch in diameter, which I was 
guessing would be quite a stretch for Janice to accommodate, although I felt 
confident that it could be made to fit. To Janice's eyes, however, it must 
have seemed perfectly ENORMOUS, especially since Sarah held it about two 
inches in front of Janice's shocked and horrified eyes.

        "You've got to be kidding, right?" Janice queried, "You'd k-kill me with that 
thing."

        We three torturers laughed at this. Sarah, as she was lubricating the lower 
half of the candle, answered Janice, "Don't worry, Janice, you won't be 
killed, or even injured. Your little bottom hole has plenty of stretching 
ability, although I admit that this thing will exercise that ability to its 
utmost. And you also have the ability to make this all much easier." Sarah was 
moving back to command Janice's rear quarters. "All you have to do is relax 
your bottom muscles, and don't try to fight it. If you DO try to fight it, it 
will only hurt more, plus we'll have to use that clothespin. Libby, Dave, if 
you'll each grab a cheek? Good!"

        Libby and I move to opposite sides of Janice's well presented, upturned bum 
and each put both hands on a hot red cheek. Janice shifted nervously.

        "Now, pull them hard apart, so we can get the opening spread a little."

        We did as Sarah ordered, pulling fairly hard, causing the chasm to yawn 
widely and Janice's anus to gape a bit. "Owww!" commented Janice.

        Libby, made a mark on the shaft of the candle with her fingernail, about 6 
inches from the tapered base. "This is how far we're going to try for." The 
then placed the base against Janice's wrinkled opening.

        "Ohhhhh...." Janice moaned hopelessly.

        Sarah twisted and pushed and the candle began to recede into Janice's rectum. 
As the taper got wider the stretch for Janice increased and it clearly was 
starting to hurt a bit.

        "AH! AH! OHH! OWWWW! No more!! I can't take any more. AH!" She shouted, as 
her anal opening was now forced to about half the diameter of the main part of 
the candle. Sarah paid little or no attention to Janice's complaints. Then 
Janice's bottom cheeks clenched hard. Sarah noticed this and stopped pushing.

        "Janice," Sarah said, "I can tell by watching your bottom that you're 
clenching your muscles. So STOP IT!"

        Janice relaxed her bottom and Sarah continued twisting and pushing. The 
candle slowly continued to disappear inside Janice, and Janice continued 
expressing her extreme displeasure. When Sarah had reached the point where 
Janice's rear opening was now wrapped around what was almost the full width of 
the candle, Janice's bottom clenched again and she yelled. "No! No More!! I'm 
about to split! It HURTS!"

        Sarah calmly picked up the large clothespin and, stooping just a bit to get a 
good view between Janice's cruelly spread thighs, affixed the monstrous item 
to Janice's poor cunt, very near, or maybe actually ON, her clitoris - I 
couldn't quite tell. The effect was amazing.

        Janice screamed louder than we had yet heard and bucked wildly with 
completely abandon, causing the large clothespin to bounce against the bolster 
and the table surface and the candle to wave wildly. It was extremely comical.

        "AHHHHGGGGGHHHHH! OHHH! Take it OFF! I'll be GOOOD! AHHHHH!"

        Sarah remove the clothespin, to Janice's apparent heartfelt relief. "Ohh! 
Thank God! Ahhhh!"

        "Read to behave now, Janice?" asked Sarah.

        "Y-yes-s-s! Ohhhh, it hurts!" she sobbed.

        "Good girl!" Sarah resumed her task. Finally the tapered part disappeared 
completely and Janice's asshole was now fully stretched to accommodate the 
entire diameter of the candle. Judging from her yells and moans, Janice didn't 
seem to share the sense of accomplishment that the rest of us did.

        But Sarah wasn't finished, there remained still about 3 more inches to the 
fingernail mark. Sarah continued pushing and twisting and Janice continued 
moaning and sobbing, her volume and her
protests increasing in intensity with each new inch. The candle must have felt 
very large inside of her, and she seemed to be quite upset about it. With 
about half an inch to go to the mark Janice clenched again.

        "Janice, relax your bottom muscles - now!" Sarah ordered ominously.

        "Ohhh" Janice whimpered and immediately relaxed her muscles, "but it 
hu-u-urts! AHHHH!" as Sarah, with one motion, twisted and pushed the last half 
inch into Janice's overstuffed rear passageway. This caused an involuntary 
clench of Janice's cheeks as she writhed her hips into the bolster; but it was 
OK now because the candle was securely implanted, so Sarah didn't find fault 
with her.

        Even though Sarah had stopped pushing, the large object was apparently still 
causing Janice a fair amount of discomfort just by its very presence. She 
continued to exclaim and moan and sob and writhe. Her writhings now had the 
added amusing quality of causing the candle to sway around.

        Noticing that the candle looked something like a controlling handle to 
Janice's bottom, I became curious to see how she would respond to having it 
jostled. I reached over and lightly pushed the side of the candle.

        "OWWW! Don't!!"

        "Yes, Dave." Sarah observed, "we now have a level of control over Janice that 
can be quite amazing. For instance, lets say you wanted to have a better view 
of her pussy, or better access to it for some purpose or other. At the moment, 
the table gets in the way, but, voila!" Sarah took the candle in her hand and 
pushed it forward like a throttle.

        "Ahhhh! OWWWW!" Janice yelled and immediately tilted her hips as much as she 
could to ease the pressure on her innards from the leveraged candle. Her pussy 
was tipped right up into easy availability.

        Still holding Janice in this "arched and offered" posture, Sarah reached in 
her bag with her other hand and pulled out a thin, stiff leather paddle. She 
handed it to Libby.

        "Just for demonstration purposes, and in order to get all of Janice's pussy 
as red as the rest of her `rear view', why don't you paddle it a little, 
Libby?"

        "OK." said the taciturn Libby, and proceeded to give Janice's pussy some 
light taps with the paddle.

        "Ee! Ow! Eeeyow!" Janice squeaked with each slap. Apparently even light slaps 
were very painful in this area. But she wasn't able to pull her embattled cunt 
out of harms way because of Sarah's grip on the candle.

        SLAP! Libby gave the tender spot a much more forceful blow. "OWWWWW!" This 
time the pain in Janice's pussy was enough to override the pain of the candle 
up her butt, and Janice started pushing her hips back down in spite of Sarah's 
resistance.

        SLAP! "AAAIIIIIIIIEEE!" Janice screamed as an even harder one smacked into 
the tender organ. This time she was motivated enough to force her hips, and 
the candle, back down to their previous positions, in spite of the pressure 
she must have been feeling inside her. An interesting experiment, all in all!

        Releasing the candle, Sarah walked to the light switch and flipped off the 
light. The room was suddenly dark; not completely because light was coming in 
from other rooms, but dark enough that it was hard to see clearly. Then, 
SCRATCH!!, there was suddenly a blazing kitchen match in Sarah's hand. She 
quickly lit the candle that could now again be seen protruding rudely from 
Janice's teenage girl's butt, and blew out the match.

        "Now we have a proper birthday cake!" Sarah exulted. And a lovely sight it 
was - Janice's blushing hindquarters illuminated softly by the flickering 
candle, the candle weaving slightly with Janice's squirmings, as she continued 
to try to deal with the painful reminders of our various mistreatments of her, 
and with the horrible humiliation of her situation. The candle light also 
illuminated the faces of my two co-conspirators, and mine as well I presumed, 
from underneath, giving a particularly evil look to their wide grins as they 
contemplated further tortures and indignities for their unfortunate victim.

        "One thing you should all know about this candle that's a bit unusual." Sarah 
said, "It produces a lot of fairly hot wax quickly."

        And sure enough, very soon there began to be a copious stream of molten wax 
proceeding down the 10 or so inches of visible candle. It wasn't long before 
the first of it made contact with Janice's distended anal ring, and VERY soon 
after that Janice became VERY aware of it.

        "YEEEEIIIIII! EEEEEOWWWW! Ah! Ah! OHHHH! OWWWW!" Janice was bucking up a 
storm and screeching at the top of her voice. It was the best performance we 
had seen up to this point. The candle was whipped about violently but the 
flame seemed to burn even brighter as a result.

        Quickly the hot stuff covered her bottom hole completely and then flowed down 
her crotch to start covering her pussy and even to flow into its entrance. I 
hardly would have thought it possible, but this produced an even more 
spectacular display of bucking and even higher pitched yelling from the 
unfortunate naked teenager as she felt her most intimate areas becoming firey 
hot. Gradually the wax in direct contact with her skin hardened and became a 
protective coating from the hot wax that was still flowing, and the worst was 
over. Janice's yells subsided and her bucking died down. We continued to gaze 
happily at the lovely birthday cake in front of us, with its still brightly 
burning candle. Janice could be happy, although she probably didn't realize 
it, for the sake of her modesty - her most private parts were now covered by a 
coating of white wax. It was hardly dignified apparel, however! I thought that 
she made a first rate birthday cake!

        Sarah blew out the candle and turned the light back on. She addressed the 
barely conscious Janice. "Janice, you've had your spanking and punishment and 
we're going to let you go now. But don't you dare tell anyone about this 
night. If you do, we'll get ahold of you and give you a going over that will 
make this seem like a day in the park. Understand?"

        "Y-yes. Ohhh...." Janice managed weakly.

        "Now, on the bright side Janice, if you'll keep your mouth shut, you can 
become part of our little club that's just starting up tonight and help us 
give special initiations to other kids in the neighborhood that want to join. 
Does that sound good?"

        "I-I d-don't know..."

        Meanwhile I was noticing how interesting Janice looked now with her crotch 
and bottom crack covered in white wax and the big candle, extinguished but 
still sticking up from between her cheeks. I quickly grabbed the camera and 
snapped one.

        "Good idea!" said Sarah. "We can let her keep that as a souvenir! Come on, 
let's let her go."

        Together the three of us released Janice from her bonds. Gradually she began 
to stir. After starting to turn over she seemed to be reminded of the candle 
still well buried in her ass. She seemed at a loss. I guessed that she 
couldn't decide whether to try to pull it out in front of us or to run off to 
the bathroom and remove it there. The second possibility would probably have 
been her first choice, but it was doubtful that she could even get off the 
table in her impaled condition. After all, she had about six inches of one 
inch diameter candle inside of her, and another ten inches protruding. If 
anything she would have to move very carefully. Yet the other possibility of 
asking us to help her pull it out probably seemed too horrible to the poor 
girl. I was sure that Sarah had planned this and I was impressed with the 
extent and with the subtlety of her cruelty.

        Janice reached behind her and grabbed the candle. She attempted to pull on it 
but couldn't seem to get the leverage. This was too much. She burst into 
tears. "Oh, I can't get it out! Please, help me!" she cried, utterly 
humiliated.

        "OK, Janice," replied Sarah, "On your hands and knees. That's good, now lower 
your shoulders and arch your back. Good girl. Hmm, why don't you spread those 
legs a bit. A bit more. Good!" 
Janice had followed all of Sarah's instruction and was now poking her lovely 
red bottom, with candle, in the air. Naturally I made sure to place myself 
directly behind Janice and Sarah, peeping over Sarah's shoulder. This view, 
what with Janice's new posture, was even more enlightening than before. Sarah 
grabbed the candle with her right hand and braced herself with her left palm 
against Janice's butt. She started pulling and twisting the candle.

        "Oh! AHHH! OWWW! Oh!" poor Janice exclaimed.

        "Help me, Janice! Push it out!" Sarah ordered.

        Janice appeared to be complying with Sarah's order, getting a very 
concentrated look on her face, and the candle gradually came all the way out, 
with Janice moaning and complaining all the way. A patch of wax that had been 
covering Janice's bum hole came out with the candle, and I noticed that it had 
a few forlorn little pubic hairs dangling from it. Janice sank back down on 
the table, buried her head in her hands and sobbed.

        "Oh, come on, Janice." said Sarah, "Don't be a crybaby, or we'll give you 
something to cry about. Like this. Come on Libby, Dave!" and, following 
Sarah's lead, we all began raining heavy slaps on Janice's unprotected bottom 
and thighs.

        "OWW! Oh! OH! Stop! STOP!" Janice yelled, as she quickly rolled off the table 
and onto her feet. It was an effective treatment, because she stopped her 
crying and just stood there in front of us shamelessly rubbing her smarting 
rear end, her big boobs on display, heaving with her fast breathing. Then she 
suddenly remembered her nakedness.

        "Oh!" she exclaimed, covered her vital areas, and ran awkwardly from the 
room. The reason she ran awkwardly, I liked to think, was that she had a sore 
pussy and bottom hole as well as a sizable patch of wax on her pussy - in fact 
she ran a trifle bowlegged. We all laughed at the lovely sight of Janice's big 
red bottom wobbling as she quickly exited the room.

        Sarah, Libby and I quickly cleaned up after ourselves, loudly bid Janice good 
night, and left for our respective homes. It was definitely the best birthday 
party I had ever attended!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


        [The end? Or - just the beginning? Should Janice squeal and earn herself 
another even worse punishment (what would that punishment consist of?) ? Or 
should Janice join up with the others and help them initiate other 
neighborhood teens into the group's nefarious activities? Or should Janice be 
allowed to get revenge in kind on Libby and/or Dave and/or Sarah?]




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Max Smart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





