BDSM Library - A Strong and Continued Inclination




A Strong and Continued Inclination
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A father and experienced master takes on two new students; his daughter and her willful friend.
A Strong and Continued Inclination

I
	David sat at his desk sifting through files, nose to the grind stone as
usual.  He heard his daughter Jenny enter through the back kitchen door.  The
ringing of laughter indicated she was not alone, most likely her friend and
neighbor, Myra or Myra Baby as her Southern mother was fond of calling her. 
Myra was more like a cousin to Jenny, neighbors since birth.  The more that
David thought about it, since Jenny's mother had died five years ago, Myra had
become more like a mother to Jenny.  Myra was eighteen, two years older than
Jenny.  Myra seemed to have a little more influence over Jenny than David was
ready to accept.

	The fact that Jenny didn't say hell-o before heading to her room with
Myra was enough to make his eye twitch.  David called to the girls asking then
to come into his office.

	"Jenny, how much homework do you have tonight?"

	Jenny tugged at her plaid skirt and tried to avoid the question by
launching into some drawn out story about gym class.  David ignored and
interrupted, "Make sure Myra leaves by seven so you can study."

	"No problem David; my mom and I are going out to dinner."

	David narrowed his eyes at Myra.  She had begun to call him by his first
name as opposed to Sir.  David knew that Myra's indulgent mother and
pussy-whipped father were creating a little monster-bitch, which was fine at
their house, but not in his.

	"You can call me Sir, Myra."

	Jenny had already dashed out of the room, her blonde pony tail a blur. 
Myra looked right into David's eyes, raised on dark eyebrow and said, "Yes Sir."

	As Myra turned on her heel and left the office, it occurred to David
that Myra had just flirted with him; a spoiled friend with influence over his
daughter was one thing, but a slut with influence was entirely different.




II

	
	After showering, David pulled on his robe.  There was no sound coming
from Jenny's room.  It was seven o'clock, time for Myra to go home.  As David
walked down the hall he noted there was no music or girlish laughter coming from
behind Jenny's half-closed door.  David stopped before looking in; life comes
down to little decisions and David's little decision to not knock would surely
have its effect.

	David looked in the room and at first he saw every man's fantasy: Two
topless girls sitting on a twin bed, kissing; one dark-haired with high round
breasts, the other, blond hair in a pony tail, her smaller breasts being
caressed by the other girl. 

	As Myra's full lips enveloped Jenny's small pink mouth and David's cock
began to harden, reality sunk in.  Myra's lips moved down his daughter's neck
and then began to suck on her nipple.  Jenny threw her head back and softly
moaned.  Myra gently pushed Jenny into a lying position, and lifted her plaid,
uniform skirt to reveal a tight little pink pussy with wisps of golden hair that
hid nothing.

	The wavy dark head moved in on Jenny's pussy and began to lick Jenny's
already slick lips.  Myra's hands reached out to Jenny's thighs spreading her
legs wide.

	David acted quickly and with force grabbed Myra's black locks and pulled
her off of Jenny.

	"You sneaky little slut!  Go home."

	Myra landed on the floor, legs spread, revealing a pussy with lips just
like her mouth, puffy and red.

	"Now!  Get out."

	Myra crawled out of the room as David turned towards Jenny.  She had
covered her breast with her arm and was trying to pull her skirt down but David
clasped her flailing wrist and pinned it above her head. 

	"There's no need to hide the truth, Jenny.  Myra has turned you into a
little slut who will do anything to get it."

	Jenny turned her face away in shame and David pulled her chin towards
his face, "But do you know what It is?"

	He paused, looking into her eyes.  She was searching for an
understanding, something familiar; trying to figure out what would come next. 
David moved his face very close to hers and said softly, "Roll over Jenny, you
know what's coming."

	Jenny obeyed and sighed almost relieved, at least she understood that he
was going to punish her.

	Jenny's plaid skirt had settled tightly between her ass cheeks.  David
slowly pulled it out lifting the skirt to her waist.  He moved to the end of the
bed and grabbed her ankles, pulling her down towards the end.

	"Get on all fours Jenny."

	David had not spanked Jenny in years, not since she had developed.  The
first few loud smacks to her ass were enough to bring his fury to a simmer but
as the sting warmed his hand and his cock grew rock hard he began to enjoy his
work.  Jenny's fare skin showed the red imprint of his hand and he began to
stroke himself with the other hand.  He was not paying attention to Jenny's
reaction, expecting her to cry softly as she did when she was ten and was
punished for playing out in the neighborhood too late at night but instead she
was gasping with each blow and began to softly moan as his arm retreated into
another swing.

	David moved to the side to try and see her face.  Her eyes were closed,
lips parted; her pink nipples erect.  Knowing it wasn't quit right David softly
pinched her nipple to see what her reaction would be.  She moaned even louder. 
Instead of another swat on the ass, David slipped his other hand down between
her legs.  Jenny's blonde hairs were drenched, this could be left over from her
excitement with Myra but as he pressed his palm gently against her damp pussy
her whole body began to shudder, the tight lips of her pussy began to pulsate
from orgasm and David's hand became drenched in his daughter's cum.

	Without a thought David took his cum filled hand and spread the juice up
and down his cock.  Moving directly behind Jenny he placed a firm grip on her
hip and brought the huge head of his cock right to the edge of that soaking wet
pussy.   As he pulled back his hips to give her a proper thrust, the thought
finally occurred to David:  Although his daughter was a lusty little wench and
had clearly been corrupted by an older girlfriend, Jenny was surely still a
virgin.  This would not be the best way to educate Jenny.  David stepped back. 
Although he was furious with how Jenny had turned out it should have been no
surprise, her mother was a wanton young bitch when he had found her.  In fact,
the red marks on Jenny's ass looked very familiar. 

	"Jenny, I want you to take a long shower and then go to bed.  We will
discuss this in the morning."

	David gave Jenny a modest moment and turned to walk out as she got up. 
The closer he got to Jenny's bedroom door the louder a very distinct sound
became.  He slowed his pace and waited until he heard Jenny's bathroom door
click shut.  Then he slowly opened the bedroom door.  There was Myra, leaning
against the wall, eyes shut, mouth open, softly rasping, left hand cupping one
tit and the other making that delicious, wet slapping noise as she tortured
those puffy, red pussy lips.

	David's fury returned and he quickly lashed out at Myra by pinning her
to the wall with one hand around her neck.  Startled eyes met his and he covered
her mouth with his other hand.

	"That's right Myra, make yourself cum.  Did my spanking turn you on?"

	The wet slapping noise resumed and David leaned into her body, letting
Myra's hand feel his erect cock and his daughter's cum dripping down his balls
as it worked.

	"That's right Myra, cum like the cunt you are, it will be the last
pleasure you have for awhile."

	Myra's eyes registered even more fear.

	"That's right, you're going to get yours too, but first, seeing as you
like the taste of Jenny's pussy so much you can suck my cock."

	As David said cock Myra came quickly letting out a little squeak from
behind David's hand.  He gathered a hand full of Myra's hair and pushed her down
to her knees.  He parted his robe and let Myra lick the juice off his giant
head. 

	"You have a skilled tongue Myra, but now let's see how your tonsils
feel."

	David pushed his cock deep into Myra's throat.  He knew she would know
what to do.  This was not the first time this bitch had taken it in the mouth. 
He pulled and pushed her head working her hot mouth over his engorged dick.  He
wanted to cum badly and let it trickle down her wicked throat but that would
give Myra too much satisfaction.  It was important at this juncture to keep
surprising her.  With this in mind he pulled her head off of his cock and began
to twist and pull up on her ear.  Myra naturally moved to her feet to avoid more
pain.

	"Don't forget your blouse," David pushed her to the ground again until
she clasped her white blouse in hand.

	David brought Myra down the stairs and at the landing ordered her to
bend over and grasp the railings, "It's time for your spanking Myra, but first I
don't want you to startle Jenny."

	David took Myra's blouse and twisted it into a make-shift rope.  The
confusion in Myra's face was thrilling to watch; her body clearly wanted to obey
but that ridiculous will of hers was getting in the way. 

	The blouse-rope was forced into Myra's mouth and then tied tightly
around her head making a nice gag.  Myra's rump was exposed; she had a nice high
one that looked eager to be punished even if Myra's mind felt otherwise. 

	The spanking began with the kind of forceful blow that David had not
delivered in many years.  The flood gate was opened and the pent-up anger and
frustration of five years without his wife and former slave were released on
Myra's ass.  There was no surprise that she enjoyed this; randy bitches like
Myra always enjoyed a good beating, their temperament required it.

	David's cock was in need of release and he decided to try out Myra's
pussy.  He switched quickly from spanking to fucking.  Myra's pussy pulsated
from orgasm immediately, hugging his hard-on and begging it to fill up her
pussy.  Myra turned her head back to look at David; her moist eyes were filled
with tears and lust, he saw her gagged mouth curl into a smile.

	Her presumption irritated David and he decided to give her a serious
lesson, fucking her was just what she wanted.  He pulled out and leaned in close
to Myra's ear, "You should have left when you had the chance Myra Baby."  David
then pulled Myra's hair to reveal the reaction in her face.  Myra was horrified,
somewhere in that twisted little head, she knew what he was going to do.

	David bore down on her little asshole, spanking her once to warm things
up.  Myra was no virgin and she could suck dick like a pro but David knew she
had never taken it like this before.  Her ass was tight and at first dry, but
her natural lubrication kicked in as her anus spasamed in protest.

	It was good to be back in the saddle again, thought David as he pushed
in harder and harder with each thrust.  When his entire cock was completely
buried in Myra's ass and she hobbled just a bit on tip toe, trying to lift her
ass closer to his thrusts, trying to avoid more pain, David reached around and
gently cupped one of Myra's tits.  He loved the soft weight of a hanging tit and
enjoyed the way her hard nipple caressed his palm as her body moved in reaction
to his force.

	David sensed that Jenny was upstairs in the shower masturbating as he
fucked this whore in the ass.  He thought about water running down Jenny's body
and her fingers sliding down into her tiny pussy.  As Myra let out muffled gasps
David filled her ass with hot cum, knowing it would sting her and burn like a
fire for hours. 

	David laughed as he pulled his shrinking yet still large cock from
Myra's ass.  He let her put on her blouse before walking with her to the back
door.  Myra watched David's face for permission.  The game had already begun;
David had two new students, both equally full of lust but one was innocent and
malleable, the other wanton and willful. 

	As Myra and David neared the door, he moved his arm around her waist
from behind and pulled her close, "Your mine now Myra, you know that," she
nodded in the affirmative, "I can find you anywhere, and I will.  Do what I say
and you will learn to harness your will and be able to truly use your power.  Do
not discuss this with Jenny; her education is my responsibility, not yours." 

	David turned Myra around and gripped her chin, lifting her face to his,
"Remember that I am still furious with you, this entire affair is your fault. 
You have turned my daughter into a slut, so now you must pay.  Do you
understand?"

	"Yes Sir," Myra rasped out, speaking to him for the first time since her
cocky, yes sir earlier in the office.

	David released his grip and let her walk out the door; it was time to
get out his tools.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  PenChant


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





