BDSM Library - In Our Private Pool




In Our Private Pool
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: For one night only, a slave and her Master get to use a private swimming pool to fulfil their fantasy.
In Our Private Pool


For one night only, a slave and her Master get to use a private swimming pool to
fulfil their fantasy.


The pool water in the shallow end came slightly above my stomach, just below my
breasts. My hands were tied tight behind my back and ankles cuffed to a bar that
has been weighted down, spreading my legs about half a metre apart. Master
dressed me in a dark blue corset that gave a nice shape to my breasts, pushing
them up and squeezing them together. My waist was cinched in the corset, making
my upper body look like the upper half of a full hourglass. The necklace and
pendant-symbol he gave me as a sign of my bond to him hung right above
mid-cleavage. A long, flowing black skirt that shimmered in the bright
underwater pool lights completed the ensemble.

There was nothing that was imperfect about the night. The lights played on our
skin and the clear, light blue water just enough to feed the lust, but not
enough to overshadow the beauty of the clear night sky. Nights like those were
made to intoxicate and bring senses to new heights.

Beneath the skirt that swirled prettily in the turquoise water around me, Master
lodged a timed vibrator deep into my smooth, shaven pussy and taped it over, to
keep it from slipping out of me and from the water getting to it. It did not
make much difference anyway, considering my hungry pussy gripped so tight on it,
not wanting to let it go. It vibrated for a short time and stopped for a while,
keeping me on the edge constantly but never letting me cum. A small plug was
placed in my recently deflowered ass, giving a very uncomfortable feeling of
fullness and soreness. The water flowing between my bare legs, gently caressing
my pussy lips and inner thighs did not help quench my lust one bit.

The water below my chest was warm. Before that, Master had instructed me to dip
my whole body in the water just once, for a short while. I obeyed, not knowing
what the point was. The sensation of being treated like a fucktoy, a pretty doll
for His pleasure, in this manner was completely different, and the uncertainty
made me apprehensive. But all the same, I lived for the forbidden excitement and
pleasing my Master.

The moment I stood back up, I realised that the air around my upper body was so
much colder in contrast. The bumps on my body rose and my nipples hardened to
almost unbearable points, pushing against the suffocating corset, making Master
smile.

Master examined my body in this state, watching the rivulets of water run down
my skin, down my throat right to the valley between my generous breasts. The
light played off the pendant, its tiny reflection on the surface of the water. I
knew he loved seeing me in that position, his growing erection beneath the
briefs distracting my nervousness. His eyes sparkled with ideas as his eyes
danced over my body, thinking of what he would be doing to me. "I think the wet
look really suits a wet, horny lass like you," he laughed warmly, his rough
fingertip circling my cold skin.

He scooped my breasts out gently from the corset, squeezing them playfully and
tugging at the nipples. I closed my eyes, enjoying and grateful for the warmth
of his hands. Without so much as a warning, he attached a clamp to my left
nipple, making me yelp in pain. He did the same to the other nipple. The searing
pain running through my tits was made so much worse by the cold hardening the
nipples, forcing the flesh to push back more against the hard, unyielding metal.

I looked down at my abused nipples, crushed almost flat between two cruel
surfaces, noticing vaguely that the end of the clamps had circular rings
attached to them. I could only wait, hold back my tears and find out the hard
way what those hoops were designed for.

Just as the vibration in my pussy resumed, Master made the plan clear. I
struggled to focus on his instructions, trying hard to forget my own raging need
for an orgasm. He wanted me to suck him off. Underwater. It was only natural
that I would not be able to hold my breath for long so he promised to let me up
for air after a minute or so. But there were conditions to his game. He would
let me up only if he believed that I was sucking him for all my slut body was
worth. And the whole time I came up for air, he would be playing with the
clamps, making it hurt bad, or good, for me. The idea was as frustrating as the
teasing in my pussy that had barely stopped its assault, both making me horny as
hell.

He slid down into the pool, standing in front of me. He was already hard and
erect, and I watched intently as he slid the restraining material off. His cock
looked even more magnificent and intimidating in the water, throwing off the
calculations and planning in my head. He ran his finger over my moist lips,
staring into my eyes, "You look beautiful tonight, sweet slave"

I blushed as he touched my skin. It didn't take long before he gently pushed my
head down into the water towards his shaft. I sucked in one more breath before
facing my task. My face pushed through the water, my lips finally met the
swollen purplish head of my Master's cock. The hardest part to get past had
always been the enlarged head but I forced past it, knowing I did not have much
time. My jaw hurt so much from the sudden invasion, tears filling my eyes as the
head hit the back of my mouth and slid down to my narrow throat.

Letting my throat clamp around him for a few seconds, my tongue explored the
underside of the shaft. Swirling it over the base, just the way he liked, I
started to pull back on the shaft, sucking the skin. Just before it slipped out
of my mouth completely, I pressed the tip of my tongue into the tip of his cock,
sliding the shaft back into my mouth. He definitely liked the feeling of that
coupled with the vibrations and waves of my moans and the water around his
crotch.

I only managed a few strokes in the first round before slowing down, indicating
to him that I needed air. He released his hold over my head and slipped his
forefingers into the rings around the ends of the nipples clamps. My gasping and
struggling for air was cut short by the fresh pain to breasts brought upon by
his tugging. I ignored the throbbing sting in favour of a few seconds more of
pure oxygen before plunging back under.

I came up for air twice more later, both times enduring a different, new bout of
pain to my breasts. He went easy on me the third and last time, allowing me a
little more time to breathe, but never completely enough.

Each time, I learnt to quickly resume a steady, increasing pace. My mouth worked
up and down my Master's shaft, sucking eagerly. The vibrator inside me started
its torture again while I attended to his throbbing cock as if my life depended
on it. It stopped me for a moment, making me wish hard he'd give me some sort of
relieve. He slammed back into me, my throat gagging and milking him. I struggled
to focus on his pleasure, to meet his powerful strokes just seconds before he
came.

He tensed, pulsing inside my mouth as he held my head down for a little longer.
He finally came, shooting his hot cum in my mouth.  Mixed with the sweetish pool
water, the concoction was nothing short of what I begged to lap up, sucking
every last drop. As pleased as I was for making Master cum, the lack of oxygen
and the sheer effort took its toll on me, leaving me too faint to stand without
support.

Master held on to me, in a state of pure satisfaction himself, easing the clamps
off me. The blood rushed back, adding to the sensations that made me feel faint
but he solved it quickly. His cool hand gently caressed the blood-engorged tips
as he let the water flow over it. It reduced the pain, as did the generous
amount of air I was now allowed. I was amazed at how grateful and happy I was
for being able to breathe freely again. Master smiled down on me, stroking my
skin, holding me a little closer, "Very, very good pet. Master's proud of you."

The vibrating in my pussy came to live once more, making me acutely aware of my
own unfulfilled lust. My clit was swollen and throbbing as I tried to squeeze my
thighs together to no avail. Master smiled, sliding his hand under the skirt,
his other hand on my back, steadying my stance. He found his way too easily
through the maze of fabric, brushing against my tense skin along the way up. One
finger ran over my clit as he watched me lose control of myself, "For being such
a good girl, I want you to cum too." It was all I needed.

I smiled up into gorgeous, dark eyes and pressed down on him, feeling the water
dance around the skin. He pinched my clit between his forefinger and thumb, the
moans that escaped my lips turning into desperate groans and pleas. Pulling the
hood back, Master teased my clit, rubbing it faster and harder to meet my
gyrations and desperate grinding. My lust-driven body writhed in the water, all
stopping in a heartbeat as my orgasm washed over me. Paradise couldn't compare.

Taking the pressure of my exhausted legs, he lay my limp and completely
satisfied body against his own. He slipped his hands behind me to undo the bonds
around my hands. I melted into his embrace and a full, sweet kiss that lingered
on for ages before he carried me out of our private pool.




Electric Geisha 2003 (c)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ElectricGeisha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





