BDSM Library - Prison Nurse




Prison Nurse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is about a nurse and a female prison guard which intended to transform a male inmate into a sex slave.
Prison Nurse

	

	He had been in the correctional facility for more than two
months. It would be six more months before his trial and there was
no way he was getting out before that. Computer fraud and
Embezzlement carried a sentence of up to 50 years. His lawyer was
optimistic that he would only get 5 years. He thought to himself,
It's only been two months and it already seems like forever. How
was he going to last for 5 years." He didn't belong here. He was a
college educated white collar professional, in the local county
lockup awaiting trial. The other inmates were a variety of common
street punks and drug dealers, crack heads and gang members. Most
of them were in on repeated charges of felony theft, robbery, rape,
or any number of street related crimes to support either their
habits, or their gangs. He stood out like a sore thumb.

	In the first week, the other inmates tried to take advantage
of him. He was alone, no fellow inmates or gang members, just
another white boy, very out of place. What saved him in here was
the fact that he wasn't small. He was 6'4", 220 lbs. He never
caused trouble, but he also never let anyone succeed at getting the
better of him. Another thing was his cellmate, a repeat offender of
felony theft. His cellmate was illiterate and he helped him read
and understand his charge sheet and other paper work without being
judgmental. This earned him no respect, no special privilege, with
the other inmates, but it did give him an acceptance and a "hands
off" from the rest of the cell block. No one bothered him and he
bothered no one. He basically kept to himself; reading his computer
books or just standing outside his cell watching the time go by.

	During the two months, he sat and watched. He surveyed the
daily operation of the cellblock and the Correctional Officers,
known to the inmates as CO's. He watched inmates come and go. There
was a routine that seemed to function more by shift than by day or
week. There were a few things that really surprised him in there,
one being the number of female CO's working on the men's side of
the correctional facility, and another being that they would allow
a shift to be all female. It was difficult to track the shift
schedule because the CO's always switched with each other or worked
overtime or doubles, etc. The male CO's fell into two basic groups.
Muscle head, power hungry men, or police officer wannabe's who for
one reason or another failed the exam or couldn't make the grade.

	The women CO's were probably in the same groups, but he
couldn't really put his finger on it. Most of the female CO's were
short and overweight. Some of them were rough street girls who
found a way out of the projects, but didn't really leave the
comfort of those surroundings, almost like the best of both worlds
for them. There were a lot of white female CO's - one was 5'5", 165
lbs. She was cute, round and cute with a medium length, bleached,
shag cut. The other was also medium height but had a very hard body
and carried herself more like a biker or lesbian and had very short
cropped brown hair. Some of them had power trip attitudes, some
were pleasant, but you could tell they all liked the control they
had over the male inmates. The only other women that he saw were
the nurses. They came in once per shift to dispense medication,
mostly lithium or methadone, or to hear complaints of malaise.
Mostly older, experienced women with little or no interest in their
surroundings. One nurse did, however, not fit in with the others.
She was young, fit, attractive, and showed some interest in the
inmate population. Friendly to all, and always carried a smile. He
presumed she was the wife of one of the CO's, just trying to make a
little extra cash.

	The shift's changed, the day's rolled by. Time seemed to be
measured by events. Breakfast at 3:30am, showers at 9am, somewhere
in between was a shift change and inmate count. Lock down again at
10am, lunch at 10:30am , block release at 1:30pm until 3:30pm, then
locked down again until 6:30pm, with dinner at 4pm. In and out, day
in and day out, he watched as his little world rolled by him. That
is, until yesterday, his 9th Sunday in jail.

	Sunday morning started like every other, breakfast at
3:30am, then back to sleep until shower time at 9am. As he went to
shower, he noticed the CO's of this shift, two men and the cute,
blond female. He sized up the crew and figured it would be a
relatively easy shift. No major attitudes, not many hassles unless
the inmates brought it on themselves. While he was waiting for a
shower stall the young nurse came to dispense her goods. Those that
needed it ran like lemmings to get in line for their high. The
shower was hot for a change, a nice relaxing treat. Usually he
didn't get there soon enough and the line was very long and hot
water very scarce. After his relaxing shower he want back to lay
down, knowing that lock down would be in a few minutes. As he lay
there, he heard the electronic lock on the cell door click shut.

	He awoke when he heard the sound of the metal key in his
cell door and the female CO call is name. "Come with me, you have a
medical appointment." He was somewhat confused, but knew better
than to question her. he got up and walked out of his cell. "Turn
around and place your hands on the wall." A familiar phrase heard
when leaving the cell block. She quickly frisked him, the ordered
his hands behind his back to be cuffed. He complied, this was
routine.

	She led him out of the cell block and down a long corridor.
He presumed she was taking him to the medical block, but since he
had never seen the doctor, he couldn't be certain. As they rounded
the last hallway, he found himself in front of a door with a sign
that read, "MEDICAL, Ring bell and wait for nurse." The CO reached
over and rang the buzzer and they waited about 5 minutes before the
young nurse came to the door and let them in. "Right this way
please" she said as she turned and walked past the sign in area and
back into the examination areas. The CO grabbed him by the elbow
and they followed the nurse. He had never been this close to the
nurse before. She was attractive, late 20's. Her fitness showed
even under her lab coat and dress. Her long auburn hair was thick
and shiny, almost to her waist and pulled back into a long pony
tail with a simple leather baret with a wood pin. She stopped in
front of an exam room and opened the door. The CO stopped
him. "Face the wall" she said. He turned, face to the wall and the
CO removed the cuffs. "Turn around." He turned back around, the
nurse said "Go inside, take off your clothes, the doctor will be in
to examine you."

	He entered the room and the door closed behind him. He
heard the familiar electronic lock. The room was bigger than a
normal cell, but it was a cell none the less. Heavy electronic
door, no windows, institutional commode and sink. Instead of a bed,
there was an exam table in the center of the room and in the corner
was a heavy stainless steel cabinet with a pad lock. Against one
wall was a wooden bench. He undressed, folded his orange inmate top
and bottoms, removed his T-shirt, socks and briefs. He placed all
of the folded articles on the bench and quietly sat waiting for the
doctor. After a few minutes, he heard the familiar sound of the key
in the door. To his surprise the CO and the nurse appeared, and the
door shut again with the all familiar "click". He was about to say
something, when the CO cut him off short. "Be quiet" she said and
he knew she was serious. The nurse smiled, then added, "The doctor
asked me to do a preliminary exam and vital sign check before he
comes in. Please get up on the exam table and lay down on your
back."

	He lay down on the table. The nurse placed a thermometer in
his mouth and reached for his wrist to check his pulse. While she
was doing this, the CO moved over and sat down on the bench. The
nurse quickly turned to look and as she did so, her long hair swung
across his stomach and chest. He could smell it's sweet fragrance.
His heart beat raced, and the nurse felt the change in his pulse
immediately. She looked back at him and smiled and pulled the
thermometer from his mouth, looked at it and noted it on a pad.
Next she put a blood pressure cuff around his arm, took her
stethoscope from around her neck and placed it in her ears. his BP
was a bit elevated, but she thought she knew why. She removed the
BP cuff, and pulled the stethoscope from her ears. "Sit up please."
He sat up and again she took the stethoscope and placed it on his
back asking him to breath in and out. While she was doing this, she
took her hair from behind her and pulled it over her shoulder. She
had an idea and she wanted to see if she was right. After listening
to his lungs, she asked him to lay back again. She looked over at
the CO and winked, he didn't notice. She replaced the stethoscope
in her ears and placed the other end on his chest to listen to his
heartbeat. She listened for a minute, then to test her idea, she
cocked her head to one side, and her hair fell fully across his
chest and face. She was right, his heartbeat raced and it was so
strong, she almost had to move the stethoscope. She listened for
another minute while looking at his face. His eyes were closed and
through her hair, she could see a trace of a smile on his lips.

	She stood up, brushed her hair back over her shoulder and
down her back. This examination had been quite helpful in
determining his course of treatment. With her back to him, she
looked over to the CO and with a great smile on her face, she
winked and nodded again. The CO stood and walked to the head of the
exam table as the nurse turned again to face him. "Sit up again
please." The nurse said. He sat up straight. The CO raised up the
head of the exam table. "Lay back down" commanded the CO. He lay
down again. "Place your arms behind you" she commanded again. There
was an opening between the table and the frame. He placed his arms
behind him and the CO cuffed them. He was bound to the table in a
semi-sitting position.

	"What's this all about!" he said. The nurse came up to him,
and leaned close in. Her lips almost touching his cheek, and softly
spoke. "We have been watching you for more than a month" she
started. "You aren't like other inmates. I guess you already know
that. You're a loner, quiet and to yourself. You're not an addict,
or a scumbag. You are intelligent, clean and can be reasoned with.
Perfect for what we have in mind." She stood back and ran her
finger across his chest. While the nurse was talking to him the CO
had moved to the foot of the table and pulled out the OB/GYN
stirrups. "Put your feet in these" She said as she grabbed his
ankles and guided them into place. She then cuffed each ankle to
the stirrup. He was now semi-sitting, with his knees bent and his
feet in the air, and he couldn't move.

	"I won't let you get away with this!!!" he said, his tone
was angry and defiant. "Yes you will" said the nurse. This time she
wasn't whispering in his ear. Her tone became very matter of fact
and stern. "And do you know why you will??" she asked. "I'll tell
you. You are a reasonably smart man and I'm sure you'll be able to
understand this." She continued. She moved around to the head of
the table. He couldn't see her, but he could feel her hands as she
lay them on his shoulders. "You are going to be our toy." She
continued, this time her voice was more gentle "No one will believe
you if you try to tell them. You may even enjoy this." She
said. "Believe it or not, I control the cell block population!."
She said. "All of those methadone baby's are in my control. If I
want them to do something I promise them a double dose. If they
disappoint me, they get sugar pills and withdrawal." "How long do
you think you'd last if many of them had it out for you ??" Her
hands slid down to his nipples. "I know what you like, and soon
you'll learn what we like." with this she abruptly pinched both his
nipples causing him to flinch and speak out. "Ow!!!" Then she
pulled her hair back around and leaned in close again. "I will
reward you for being good and behaving" she said as she brushed her
hair across his face and chest. "I know you like this, you'll grow
to like the rest." There he was, immobile and at their mercy. Until
now, only the nurse had seemed to be concerned or interested in his
body.

	"We've talked about you for some time now." said the
CO. "Now we have the opportunity to make it happen." The CO was
still at the foot of the table, and as she began speaking she moved
in between his legs. She reached out and began to fondle his cock
and balls. He began to protest once again but was cut short by a
shot of pain as the CO squeezed his balls in her hand. "Do not
fight us.!" said the nurse. And as she spoke she once again leaned
over reaching her hands down to his nipples, this time letting her
hair flow across his face and chest. The CO was once again fondling
his cock. It was reacting to the stimuli and he could not deny that
he was aroused. The women noticed that he was a very big man in
every department as his cock throbbed up to almost nine thick
inches - above a large pair of balls. "You'll do as we say. You'll
speak only when we ask you. If you cannot we will gag you." said
the CO. Tightly squeezing his balls again to reinforce her
words. "Do you understand - we could cut your balls off and get
away with it !!" exclaimed the CO. He only nodded - hardly
registering her threatening words. "That's being good." said the
nurse. She left the head of the table and moved down by his side.
Standing with her back to him she leaned over and reached for his
now hard cock. Her hair was brushing his stomach, and she knew he
was not going to fight this. As she grabbed onto his cock, her hand
and the CO's briefly met. They looked at each other with childish
delight. All of this was hidden from him, he was watching her hair
as it moved and flowed and shone so beautifully. He didn't notice
the nurse removing the leather strap from her lab coat pocket, but
he did feel it as she tightened it around the base of his erection.
It was like a tether, a very tight tether.

	The CO began to fondle his now stone hard penis. It was
almost painful to him for her to touch it. She ran her fingers
around his balls. Then she leaned in and kissed the nurse on the
cheek. As the nurse leaned in to the kiss, her hair flowed across
his groin, cock, balls and legs. With one hand the nurse reached
behind the CO's head to hold them together in embrace. Her other
hand, full of hair, wrapped around his cock and moved up and down
in slow rhythm. He watched as the women kissed and embraced, he saw
her hair flow down and he could feel it's soft silkiness on his
cock and balls. He wanted to explode but could not. His cock was
aching, almost blue from the strap. The women separated, the nurse
released his cock and moved away from the table. He watched as the
CO began to unbutton her uniform top and remove it. His cock was
throbbing, it hurt. The women were delighted.

	As the CO moved over to the bench to sit down and remove
her shoes, the nurse took her keys and left the room. He watched as
the CO removed her pants and stepped back up between his legs. She
had only a bra and panties on. She looked at him as she removed her
bra. Her breasts were proportionate to her stature. She began to
tease him more . She placed his cock between her breast and pushed
them together and slowly stroked him with her tits. While she was
doing this her fingers were rolling around her nipples and her
hands were kneading her breasts. "You are being very good" she
said. "I'll give you a reward before the nurse returns." With that
she removed her panties and stepped back so he could watch. With
one hand she parted her pink swollen labia and with the other,
began to finger herself. He watched as she masturbated. She enjoyed
knowing he was watching and helpless.

	She moved to his side and climbed up on the table and
him. She straddled his stomach. She bent forward and placed one of
her tits in his mouth. "I hope I don't have to tell you what to
do!" she said. With that he opened his mouth and his tongue found
her hard nipple. After a minute she moved over and placed the other
nipple in his mouth. The backside of her butt was resting against
his raised and shackled legs. She could feel his hard cock pressing
against the crack of her ass. She was wet, she wanted to take him
in, but knew she should wait for her partner, but she couldn't
wait. The CO lifted her body and slid slowly down on his rock hard
penis. She was so wet that he slid in with ease. She almost came as
she felt him fill her. He was in agony. She sat upright to feel the
fullness of his cock in her. He had his eyes closed. He couldn't
stand the pain of his iron hard erection any longer. As she sat
upright her finger rolled rhythmically around her clit and she
exploded in waves of pleasure. He could feel her wetness run down
between his legs. His cock felt as if it were in a vice, the pain
was unbearable.

	He didn't hear the door open, he didn't see the package she
brought in, but the CO did. The nurse stepped up behind the CO,
between his legs. The nurses arms reached around the CO and gently
grabbed for her breasts, while she began to kiss the nape of her
neck. "Was it what you expected ??" the nurse whispered in her ear.
The CO leaned back into the nurse and let out a heavy sigh and just
nodded. With the CO still on top of him, the nurse took another
leather tie and tightly wrapped it around between his balls and his
cock - even while he throbbed inside the CO's body. " I don't want
to lose my turn" she said with a laugh. The pain of this quickly
made his erection start to fade. The CO got off him with a sucking
noise and then climbed off the table. They both stood at the end of
the table looking at his bluish, tied and wilting cock. The CO was
still naked and the nurse had her arm around her. With her other
hand she began to undo the first tether. It was painful for her to
touch him, he jerked as she untied it. "I know it hurts" she said
with a sly smile, "but you have to let me." As she untied the strap
between his cock and balls, seminal fluid began to run out of the
tip of his penis. "Oh, you must have been very uncomfortable!" she
said as she turned and smiled at the CO. She walked over to the
cabinet to remove something. He couldn't see exactly what it was.
However he did see the delighted expression on the CO's face. "What
are you going to do to me, heh??" he said, knowing it was trouble
as soon as he said it. The naked CO moved to the head of the table
and her open hand came crashing down across his face - her breasts
swinging as she did so. "We told you not to speak," the CO said,
and with that she nodded to the nurse who reached back into the
cabinet. He still couldn't really see what she had in her hand, but
it sounded heavy and metallic as something clanked against the
metal cabinet. The Nurse handed it to the CO who quickly made and
placed a gag on him. The nurse walked to the foot of the table
again and began to wipe his groin and cock with a damp cloth. It
burned and was very cold. Then he smelled the alcohol. She cleaned
him thoroughly and he winced.

	The nurse put the rag into the trash. Then she moved to his
side so he could see her. She turned her back to him and reached
behind and pulled the wooden pin from the baret. Her thick, shiny
hair fell openly across her shoulders and down her back. Just to
tease him more, she took her hands and ran them through her hair so
he could watch it again. She turned at caught his stare. She smiled
at him and began to remove her lab coat, blouse and dress. She kept
his gaze with hers and moved over to the table again. "You have
been very good so far, with the exception of that little outburst."
she said. "We have a special treat for you now." She turned toward
the foot of the table, purposefully leaning in so her hair would
brush his body. She reached down and gently touched his cock. The
alcohol had dried. It was still painful from the earlier episode,
but she was arousing him. Once again she took the leather strap and
tied it tightly at the base of his semi-erect penis. Marks from the
earlier strap still evident. After tying this strap, she slowly
brushed her hair along the length of his body, lingering around his
face and around his cock. He was hard again. She loved that he
responded this way. With her hair between his face and her hand she
stroked his cheek so he could feel the silkiness and smell it's
fragrance. She climbed up on him, and she too placed her nipples in
his mouth. She pulled all of her hair over one shoulder and placed
the opposite nipple for his tongue. Her hair fell like a veil. His
cock was throbbing again. The difference between pleasure and pain
indistinguishable. She continued to tease him by moving her head
slowly and brushing her hair across his face. Finally she stopped.
He hadn't noticed that the CO had moved in between his legs. He had
been very distracted.

	The CO gently touched the nurse to let her know she was
there. The nurse bent in close to him, his face covered with her
thick, soft hair. "Just relax", she whispered. He felt the CO
looping a tether around his balls. He then felt something cold on
his balls, he jumped. "Relax" the teasing Nurse whispered again,
moving slightly so her hair would move across his face. This time
he felt the coldness briefly touch his balls. He felt the CO
tightening the loop around his balls. The CO yanked on the tether
hard. He screamed through the gag and jerked his body in pain. The
Nurse sat upright, and pulled her hair into a quick twist. "If you
cannot cooperate, I will not make this pleasurable for you." She
reached behind her and grabbed his already painful cock, he winced
again. She held on while the CO continued tethering his balls - he
could feel her sharp fingernails scraping threateningly against his
hard shaft. This time he was more accommodating. Feeling him move
under her, the Nurse knew he was cooperating nicely. She let her
hair fall down in front of her so he could see. Then she bent
slightly forward, her hair grazing his chest and face as she raised
herself onto his tightly bound cock. The CO watched with horny
anticipation, as the Nurse's hips moved and her moist pussy slid
freely along his erection - without letting him penetrate. He
watched as the Nurse's movements brought her long tresses to and
from his face, constantly brushing against some part of his body.
His cock ached once again. He wanted to penetrate her, but was
unable. The Nurse slowed her movements, bent forward and kissed his
cheek. She took her hair and piled it on his face as she slid
herself off of his painful erection.

	The CO began to play with his bone hard erection more and
more as the nurse climbed down and then back on facing away from
him. Once again she slid her pussy against his cock - almost
painfully bending it towards his feet, only now she reached for the
CO and they began to kiss again. He heard the CO pulling on latex
gloves. He saw as they embraced and the CO's hands were running
through the nurse's hair. He wished he could see what the CO was
doing. His view was always obstructed by the Nurse. The women
continued to kiss and embrace - he watched the Nurse's round
shapely bottom slip and slide on his belly as they did so. They
suckled each others breasts. He could feel as the nurse's hips move
with the touch of the CO. Then the Nurse began to grind heavily
against his still painfully swollen cock - it lay vertically
against her thrusting pussy - sometimes he thought she was trying
to snap it off. Her hands were on the CO's shoulders for support.
Then he felt what he thought were the CO's fingers again. They
kissed each other with a passion he'd never seen before. Tether or
no tether he felt he was going to cum - but he couldn't. It hurt,
it hurt terribly. The feeling brought him to a place he had never
been before nor had he ever imagined such a feeling.

	He felt the nurse cum in waves. Over and over. He watched
as she tossed her head and her hair bounced around, back and forth.
This was maddening. She cried out with the last wave of pleasure
taking her energy. Everyone sat still for what seemed an eternity.
The nurse and the CO kissed gently while they caught their breath.
He was in the most terrible agony. Finally, he felt a hand, the
CO's, as she stroked and smoothed the nurses wet labia. His
frustrated iron erection - still wedged between the Nurses vaginal
lips was jostled carelessly out of the way as she did so as though
it was a piece of hard meat of no significance. The Nurse and CO
kissed and began whispering. The Nurse leaned back and took her
hands through her hair so it would cascade down on him, over and
over. He felt the CO's hands pulling on his very big tightly bound
balls, the Nurse again gently rocked back and forth against his
erection. She tipped her head back so her hair would brush across
his chest, every so often lifting it with her hands and brushing
his face. As the CO began to see his hips move and thought he was
ready to cum, she pulled a little more on his balls - she had him
well and truly 'by the balls' and she liked the feeling. He felt
the metallic coldness on his balls again - around them in fact. He
was in a daze. His head was spinning. His eyes were locked on the
Nurse's gorgeous grinding bottom cheeks, her firm globes shiny with
sweat. He caught glimpses of the CO's firm breasts as the Nurse
swayed. The CO seemed to be staring intently at his groin now - he
felt her pulling his balls very firmly but he was lost in his
senses. His tethered cock was trying to come, but it couldn't. The
Nurse was coming.... "Oh, Oh, Oh!" she wimpered, "Katy I'm coming...
Ohhhhhh!" Then he felt the pain as he felt metal tightening at the
root of his bound balls - Aaagggh! He yelled and thrashed uselessly
in his bonds as the naked CO started to cut through his stretched
scrotum and sperm cords with the strong steel gelding shears, his
rock hard erection jostling against the Nurse's still excited
vaginal lips as she did so - she was very excited as she did it to
him - the power consumed her. First she had fucked him, now she was
ensuring he would never fuck again. He was overcome by an enormous
sense of helplessness  - he knew in that moment that he was being
castrated - he had suspected it in the deepest recesses of his
mind - now it was happening and he could do nothing - a big strong
man and she only half his size - but he could do nothing. She
squeezed hard and he didn't felt than an enormous pain but he relized
that he still had  his big balls. "Ok, we have marked your penis,we
know that you used to masturbate before, so we forbiden that to you.
For now on,we ll take care of you ,you are our property.Remember you
are not gelded but if you tell everyone that happened here that could
be arranged. Now give  me a big hug and then I will conduct to your cell."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  albert


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





