BDSM Library - The Dog and Pony Show




The Dog and Pony Show
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Woman seeks a job as a cook on a ranch and is required to provide more services.
The Dog and Pony Show

Part One



	The ad for the ranch job only said ranch service and duties. I had
assumed that they were looking for a cook and dishwasher for the ranch hands. As
I drove up the drive to the main house I could see the ranch was huge. The sign
at the gate said 5000 acres. 	When I showed up at the main house for the
interview there was the owner, the chief ranch operator and a couple of other
men, all were large and well toned from the vigorous ranch work they did.

	I came through the door and one of the men dead bolted it behind me. The
owner walked around me checking out my 36D breasts and large ass and smiling.

	"You will do fine." He said

	"Excuse me what exactly does this job entail? I asked with an attitude,
and with that the man who had locked the door grabbed my arms and held them
behind my back.

	"Hey, I tried to scream and a large bit was stuck in my mouth and
tightly secured with leather around my head.

	While one man tied my feet together another tied my hands behind my
back, then tied my elbows together which made my breasts stick out erect. As he
ripped off my shirt and then used his knife to cut off my bra, the owner pushed
my breasts up and laughed. What do you think boys, it will do nicely. They then
all took turns fondling my breasts.

	What had I gotten myself into; I merely came here to get a job. I looked
at the four large men who surrounded me, playing with my breasts, and I knew
that there wasn't much I could do at this point. I was tied up in an isolated
place in the middle of no where Montana having my naked breasts gawked at and
fondled by strange men.

	"What the job entails," the operator said as he used his knife to cut my
skirt and underwear, completely exposing my naked body to the men in the room,
"is for you to provide service to whatever needs service on the ranch. You will
be like all the other trained animals here following the trainers' commands or
be subject to discipline"

	I was mortified. I had worked a s a cook on many ranches and the cowboys
were always such gentlemen, calling ma ma'am and never even attempting to date
me much less gang up on me  like these men just had. As embarrassed and
humiliated as I was, I was beginning to get excited, standing there naked having
these men examine my breasts. I fought that feeling because it didn't make sense
to me.

	I felt a hand reach down and touch my pussy. "Feel how wet this is," the
owner laughed and all the other hands started feeling around my pussy, sticking
fingers in and out, sometime all four at a time, and playing with my clit. Then
a strong smack on my ass, not yet you cunt, you must be trained properly. You
must remember that you are here to serve. Maybe you will be rewarded and maybe
you won't, but we will remind you what your place is here. Which one of you
wants it first?'

	"Lets take it to the kennels first, then we can work her up to the
corrals" one of the men said.

	A collar was placed around my neck and I was pushed to my knees. My face
was pushed to the floor and my ass stuck up in the air. A riding crop was taken
to my ass and I received ten lashes on each ass cheek. "Listen you hot little
bitch in heat, I am going to untie you and you will walk with me on your hands
and knees. You will heel on my left side like a dog with your head down,
allowing the leash to guide you." I could do nothing but obey. I was taken out a
back door and into another building. Where I could hear the sound of forks and
knives and plates. A number of men started howling and offering to fuck me. God
I was being shown off in the mess hall to all the ranch hands. I didn't dare
look up but I tried to count the number of feet under the tables, there had to
be at least fifty to run a place this big. My trainer walked me over to a table
where five men were sitting and commanded me to crawl on top. "Roll over like a
dog bitch," my trainer commanded then smacked my ass with the riding crop. What
could I do but obey? "Spread those legs wider and let every one see. What do you
think guys? Do you think this bitch is going to be able to take care of you
all?" What was he saying was I going to be expected to fuck all these men?
"Let's all fuck her now, I heard some one yell. There was my answer. I was
terrified and aroused. I hated to admit it but the idea of all those men fucking
me was making me wet, what was wrong with me?

	"It hasn't been trained you can't fuck it yet boys, but come check it
out. With that hands began grasping and playing with my breasts, squeezing my
nipples till I would let out a yelp behind the gag. Fingers invaded my pussy
three four and five at a time. I could hear laughter while they talked about how
wet my pussy was. Fingers wet from my pussy then began invading my ass, while
comment were made about how tight it was jokes were made about how my trainer
planned to break it in. they knew something that I didn't and I was terrified
and anxious to find out. My ass had never been fucked before. I looked over at
one of the plates on the table and saw that polish sausage was being served for
lunch. As if some one was reading my mind I heard "Stick this in it will go over
good down at the kennels, I heard one of the men say. Then one of the three inch
wide sausages were stuck into my pussy, in and out, in and out, making me hot.
My desire was overcoming my anxiety. I found myself wanting to be fucked by all
these men.

	"O.K. guys let me get this bitch trained, and bitch you better not drop
that sausage on the way out there." I was ordered back on my knees and to heel.
I was walked out the kitchen door and out to a field with a fence and a number
of kennels behind it. As I walked on my hands and knees I kept my muscles tight
around the sausage that had been shoved up my pussy. Not only because I was
fearful of what would happen but because it felt good. I was becoming unable to
control my desire which was tuning very quickly into a need to be fucked.

	I was walked into the fenced in area. As I did I saw three huge German
Shepherds come out of their houses in three of the kennels barking at me and
trying to get out. The fourth kennel was empty with a house.  Smack the riding
crop came down on my ass. "Sit bitch," my trainer commanded. He came around in
front of me and I could see the bulge in his pants. "Now I'm going to take this
bit out of your mouth. I can see you want that cock you little horny bitch. I
want you on your knees and panting, begging for my cock like the bitch in heat
you are." I could see and hear the men from the mess hall gathering around the
fence. I got on my knees and stuck out my tongue, panting like a dog. "You don't
get this cock yet, you haven't proven yourself worthy. I was told. But I wanted
it. I started whining like ad dog, thinking that might get my trainer to fuck
me, but instead it angered him. Smack came the riding crop down on one of my
breasts. Smack, then the other. "Quiet bitch." A few more lashes on each breast.
"Heel bitch, my trainer commanded and he walked me over to the fence. "Lift your
leg and pee on the fence, show the boys what a dog you are, and don't loose that
sausage." I could hear the men laughing as I peed on the fence like a dog. I was
so worked up that I had forgotten about the dogs barking in their kennels. My
trainer walked me right in front of the kennels and commanded me to pee on the
fence in front the middle kennel that housed the biggest dog.  It was then that
I saw the dogs were going nuts. All three of them were trying to get out,
clawing at the fence. As they stood on two legs, I could see that all three of
their red dog cocks were sticking out. I began to realize why he kept calling me
bitch. I started to try to get up and run and was quickly pulled back down to
the ground. The riding crop stung my ass cheeks and the back of my legs at least
thirty times. I wanted to scream, but didn't dare.

	My trainer took me to the middle of the fenced in area facing me away
from the dogs. He then took something greasy and started coating my tits ass
cheeks and pussy with it. As he rubbed the grease on my tits, I realized from
the smell that it was bacon grease. OK release them, my trainer called and the
dogs thundered out of their cages. "Roll over bitch and spread those legs wide."
The dogs were on top of me licking the bacon grease off my tits pussy and
asshole. Two of them were fighting over the sausage up my pussy and biting my
pussy lips while the other just kept licking my tits and face. One of the dogs
yanked the sausage out of my pussy and the other one kept licking my pussy and
ass hole. I was no longer afraid of the dogs. Their rough tongues on my pussy
and breasts were making me crazy. If I had to fuck dogs in order to get fucked,
I would fuck anything. 

	"Back on your knees bitch present your self to them like the bitch in
heat you are. I rolled over back on my hands and knees and stuck my ass up in
the air. The dogs were fighting over which would mount me first. Another came
around to my head and began mounting my head. "Suck dog cock" I heard the men
from the mess hall chanting and I reached my tongue out and started licking the
dog cock.

	One after another the three dogs fucked me, and then fucked me again and
again. There was dog cum pouring out of my pussy. They had unending energy and I
must have been fucked by them for hours. All the while my trainer stood there
warning me not to cum while he and the other ranch hands watched and chanting
fuck the bitch and the dogs' names. When the dogs tired out, they were taken to
their kennels. Before taking me to my kennel, my trainer made me lick up any dog
um that had dripped on the dirt, then took me to the empty kennel and locked me
in. "Remember you fuckin bitch in heat you remain on your hands and knees until
commanded otherwise." I was given a bowl of dog food and a bowl of water.

	"Eat and rest bitch because your other trainer will be by to complete
your training." I ate the bowl of dog food on my hands and knees and drank the
water. I was dirty, sticky scratched up, smelly and tired, but I needed badly to
cum. My trainer had made me be a bitch in heat. I wondered what else awaited me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Uppity One


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





