BDSM Library - A Weekend At The Beach




A Weekend At The Beach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man who wears a chastity belt and his teasing wife go to the beach for the weekend.  The plans were for him to be released on sunday night for passionate lovemaking, but things go a little awry.
A weekend at the beach

	"Did we forget anything?"  I asked, being the kind of person who always
thinks he forgot something.
	
	"I hope not.  Besides, it wouldn't matter now anyway, because I'm not
turning back."  She turned to me with a smile.  "If we need anything we'll just
get it when we get there."
	
	Our weekend at the beach was planned months ago, in the beginning of the
season for that kind of stuff.  Due to delays and changes in schedule it had
been postponed until about two-thirds into the season.  The drive there was
about an hour or so and we went with the top down, taking her Miata.  The hotel
we picked was on the beach, but on one of the more secluded, for Florida anyway,
sections of the Atlantic coast.
	
	We arrived at the hotel about nightfall.  We signed in and went to our
room, which faced the beach and had a small private balcony.  After we got in,
my wife promptly took of her clothes, down to her French cut thong panties.  I
decided to do likewise, leaving only my Goethals chastity belt on, of course. 
After she saw we both were equally naked she walked over to the blinds and
curtains and opened them up fully.  She always has a voyeuristic tendency to
want to show off when things normally would be private, but not things that
would be more common in public.  For example, it wouldn't have bothered her a
bit if a whole college fraternity was on the beach and saw her open the curtains
of our room, but would blush if I ever asked her to wear a mini-skirt to the
mall for me.  So the deal we reached was a good one I thought.  I would wear my
belt, with swim trunks on of course, to the beach, and she would wear, or not,
whatever I packed for her.  On Sunday we were going to leave for home in the
afternoon and spend some time together with me unlocked.  Putting my time in the
belt at sixteen days of unrelenting tease.
	
	She turned to me and began that sexy walk that means she wants some
action.  I met her half way across the room and embraced her in my arms.  She
put her arms over my shoulders and ran her fingers into the hair on the back of
my head and pulled me down to kiss her.  We stayed like this for a few minutes
and I could feel her press her body against mine.  My body reacted and I
expanded to fill the tube.  The tube is sized just to allow me to engorge but
not reach a hard or full erection, and the hot climate option with its holes,
even though small, provide that much more stimulation.
	
	"Your hard already?  That was fast."
	
	She had this uncanny knack to know when I was or wasn't hard, how she
does this I don't know.
	
	We turned and climbed onto the bed with me on top.  Even though she
controls our sex life, she is not into the Dom/sub thing and still enjoys me
being on top leading our escapades.  She keeps full control of me however
through the key.  We made out like wanton teens on prom night.  The past two
weeks prior to this, she has kept me locked up and teased me more than ever
before, even holding back her own pleasure.  Our making out quickly turned into
me rocking my hips and sliding my penis tube up and down against her panties. 
She always gets pleasure from this, and if I get the rhythm just right, even
with her panties on, can bring her to a light orgasm.  I seemed to have just the
combination going, she brought her knees up to my waist and put her heels
against my butt and began to move her hips with mine.  Her hands slid onto my
arms and over my shoulders resting on my upper back.  Her grip began to tighten
and she pulled herself off the bed, hanging from me and began to grind herself
against my body.  She bucked and gasped, orgasming stronger than before from
this method.  This position always was a great turn on for me, because even with
me locked up it felt almost as real as it could get. 
	
	We kissed and hugged for a bit longer, and then we moved so to be lying
on our sides facing each other.  She reached down and started caressing my balls
keeping me hard in the tube.  We began kissing again, and I slowly started
kissing lower moving down to her breasts.  Then I made my way down to her
panties and without moving them kissed her all over down there.  Moving on down
her thighs, to her knees stopping at the sweet spot she likes so much behind her
knee.  We changed positions so I was now between her legs facing her.  I kissed
my way back up her thighs and back to her panties, making a second round over
them.  Moving bits of material here and there I worked my way under the edge,
and then pulled them down and off.  I moved back to where her muscle on the
inside of her thigh meets her body and kissed both sides working my way towards
the center.  I kissed her directly on her lips and tasted her wetness.  She was
ready again. 
	
	I positioned myself so my shoulders supported her thighs and my arms
wrap around her hips and come back to her pussy.  I began to slowly lick her up
and down, occasionally darting down to the area between her pussy and anus, but
not all the way, and my nose grazing against her lips sporadically.  I begin to
slowly burrow my tongue into her pussy and with one hand pulled back her hood,
exposing her clitoris.  As my tongue gets further down, my nose begins to brush
her hood, and I curl my upper lip to meet her clitoris.  As I reach this point
she jumps and her body begins to buck, then her hands lock in my hair, and her
thighs clench to my head.  All my sight and sound are taken away and I'm left to
focus on the feeling of myself against her.  When her orgasm peaks I keep going
until she is spent, her body relaxed under me. 
	
	I moved up and cuddled with her more.  I felt something cool on my
thigh.  I looked down to notice clear fluid leaking out from my tube.  She
noticed this too.
	
	"Lets go take a shower, together."  She rose up and gathered things
	
	I, feeling as frustrated as ever, laid there a bit, contemplating the
throbbing of my dick and what it was going to feel like on Sunday night being
inside my wife again.
	
	In the shower we soaped each other up and make out some more.  I brought
her to another smaller orgasm.  We finished and dried off.
	
	She dressed for bed in my favorite style of panties, French cut silk
thong, and a tight fitting half shirt that fit fine with her arms to her sides,
but when she raises her arms up the material drags across her nipples and stays
so just the bottom of her breasts begin to expose, both of which I packed for
her.
	
	We retired to bed, but not to sleep.  We cuddled and talked, she teasing
me with her body and words both.   She was laying facing away from me towards
the balcony.  I could feel her cheeks pressed against my groin, brushing against
my balls, with the tube pressed into the cleft of her bottom.  She was rocking
her hips and I placed my hand on her lower stomach to try to stop her, to no
avail.  This went on for about two hours when she dozed off.  Needless to say, I
slept hard, which is to mean, not very well. 
	
	As typical when I'm this horny, after I did fall asleep, I woke about
three hours later and slept fitfully the rest of the night.
	
	When the sun began to peek over the horizon I got out of bed and started
preparing for our day together.  Today was a day set to go shopping during the
day, and to a bar or club in the evening.
	
	I, kissing around the edge of her thong, woke my wife.
	
	"Mmm...  Not yet honey.  Let me hold off a while."  She gently pushed me
away from her bottom and turned to face me, cupping my face and bringing us
together to kiss.  We both get ready for the day, both dressing in clothes of my
choosing. 

	We decide to go out for breakfast, trying to find a Denny's or an IHOP
but settled for a Perkins.  It wasn't very crowded and was seated in a booth,
sitting opposite each other, right away.  The first thing she did was to slip
off her sandals and slide a foot up my shorts, even sliding down the seat to get
a better reach.  She worked her foot until her big toe was tickling my nuts. 
The waitress came by about this time, and I'm sure she saw what was going on,
for she seemed a bit flushed. 
	
	"Do you two need a few minutes?"  The waitress asked, clearly not
wanting to interrupt
	
	"No, I'm ready to order, and I feel my husband is too."  My wife said
with a giggle.
	
	The waitress clearly wanted to get out of there.  She took our orders in
record time and was off.  Shortly afterward, the other waitresses who were more
voyeuristic kept sneaking, but not very well disguised, peeks.  It didn't phase
us.
	
	We ate slowly, conversing as we went, catching up on each other's busy
lives.
	
	After breakfast, we strolled up and down the road, checking out the
little shops all along the way.  Not seeing anything we liked, we decided to
drive up the A1A a couple of towns up.
	
	We stopped and parked at a more touristy area of the beach, up the coast
a ways.  We walked and shopped, not finding anything we liked.  When we came to
Ron Jon's we stopped to see how much has changed in the last few years.  The
store was bigger than we both remembered, and the prices were bigger too, but we
looked anyway.  When we made it to the women's bathing suits, I saw on a
mannequin a thong bikini cut the same was as the underwear she was currently
wearing and the top had a full cut bottom for the cups, a seam running
horizontal across where her nipples would be and a partial cup on the top half. 
I asked her to check if there was one on the rack in her size.  She sorted a bit
and found one.  I couldn't get my wallet out fast enough.  We went and checked
out, she asked if she could change in a store change room.  I asked her to come
back wearing only the bikini and her blouse tied around her waist, she seemed a
bit embarrassed by that, but like I said before, strange.  When she came back, I
had to hang onto the counter for support.
	
	We continued to walk up and then turned around and went back to the car. 
On our way back south we stopped and ate a late lunch, then went back to the
hotel.
	
	At the hotel, we cooled off, and got ready for going to a local place
for dinner and drinks.  Not to mention more making out.
	
	We picked a place not too far from the hotel, in walking distance.  It
was a place we went once when we were dating, but haven't been back.  The place
was a restaurant and bar, but later in the evening space was made for a small
dance floor.  We ate a light dinner, had a few margarita and tequila sunrises,
and then our tongues began to get limber.
	
	I talked about how much I enjoyed the teasing and denial, never thinking
that our marathon make out sessions we had while we were dating would continue,
or even grow.  I said things like that I was as still horny for her as the first
times we went out.  It didn't sound very romantic but she understood what I was
trying to say.
	
	She said that she was certain that I was the right man for her to marry. 
Even though we haven't had children yet, she said I was the only candidate for
father.  The only non-reassuring thing she said was, at times, she did wonder
what it would have been like with other men.
	
	When a string of slower songs came on, she grabbed my hand and pulled me
onto the floor.  We started out slow dancing, but ended up dancing the rest of
the night.
	
	It was late when we finally made it back to the hotel, walking by it
twice.  We showered together, too tired to do much, drank a few glasses of water
and went to bed.
	
	I slept not so hard that night, meaning well, but not very long.  We
both woke early, from habit, not much after sunrise.  We both got up and ready,
but since we still felt a little rough, we lounged on the bed and the balcony
for a couple more hours.
	
	My wife decided it was time to hit the beach, wanting to get set up
before the crowds got there.  Sunday was reserved for the beach, and going home
to finish each other off.  We found a spot right in front of our hotel and laid
claim.  She wore her new bikini, brining along an almost threadbare sun dress I
wanted her to wear that she wore the last time we were here back when we were
dating, and I wore swimming trunks, the belt peeking out in spots, but fair is
fair.  I got out the sunblock, looking forward to making sure her entire body
outside of her bikini was covered.  We went and played in the surf, having fun,
but shortly realized that we weren't in good enough condition yet, so we went
back and sat on the beach.  She grabbed two water bottles we brought from home,
handed me one, and we sat and talked for a bit.  I still felt a bit tired, so I
laid back on the towel and relaxed, to soak up some sun.  Shortly afterward, I
fell asleep.
	
	When I woke up, I saw one of the most beautiful sights there is.  From
where I was laying, at the top of my vision I could see a band of golden yellow
that was perforated by the tops of the hotels behind us.  Blended into that was
a magnificent orange, which contained a faint spot of light from one of the
other planets, that faded to an illustrious ruby red and then on through the
spectrum. When at the bottom of my view I saw the colors fade to black and the
stars begin to twinkle into view.  With the golden final rays of sun shining off
her face and sparkling in her hair, I saw my wife, outlined by the beginning of
the starry field, and now back in her sun dress.  I could feel her weight
resting on my hips and it looked like she was slowly rocking her hips.  I tried
to sit up and take her in my arms, but didn't budge an inch.  I looked down as
far as I could and saw I was covered in sand up to my neck.  My wife had a towel
draped across my hips and was sitting on the towel astride me.  I turned my head
as far as I could both directions and saw no one.  My wife's hands were on her
tan thighs and it looked like she was rubbing her bottom on the towel, slowly
grinding against the towel masturbating from the friction.  I couldn't tell if
her bikini bottoms were still on or not.  It appeared as if she was more trying
to maintain her arousal than to reach a climax.  I lay there quietly, watching
her face.  Her head slowly rocked from left to right while it nodded up and down
in time with her breathing.  Her head stopped rocking and she opened her eyes
and looked directly into mine, and I saw a glassy reflection of the sunset
behind me.  She looked happily surprised, stopped rocking and took a deep
breath.
	
	"I see your finally awake.  I was going to wake you soon, since we
should have already been back home by now."
	
	"Why am I covered in sand?"
	
	"You fell asleep.  I don't blame you though since you had a hard time
sleeping last night.  I couldn't wake or move you and I got tired of slathering
sunblock on you every half an hour, so I covered you with nature's best
sunblock."

	"How long have you been sitting on me like that?"
	
	"I started about the time most of the other people left.  That was a
little over an hour ago.  Well, maybe more than that.  Let me get you out of
here so we can be on our way back home."
	
	With that she stood up and slowly walked over my head above me.  I saw
now that she was no longer wearing her bikini bottoms.  Now I was fully awake,
and the tube of my Goethals belt kept my blood from rushing from one brain, all
to the other.  She came back and kneeled leaning above my head and produced a
child's toy shovel and began to uncover me from the top down.  When I reached
the point of being able to sit up I moved and twisted until all the sand moved
away.  Stiffly, I stood up, and then I froze with the sudden realization that
all I was wearing was my belt!
	
	"Where are my trunks?"
	
	"Oops.  Sorry, I forgot.  I removed them when I buried you.  Here they
are."
	
	"You took them off when EVERYONE was still here at the beach!"
	
	"YES!  I!  DID!  Hardly anyone took notice.  And those who did had no
idea what they were seeing.  And don't you dare yell at me like that again."
	
	"Sorry.  I was shocked to see myself essentially naked in full public
view."
	
	"Apology accepted.  We need to get going, throw your trunks on and lets
head on out."  She turned around and tossed me my trunks.
	
	"The trunks are soaking wet, and they're cold."
	
	"I washed them off in the ocean after I took them off you.  The only
place I had to keep them was in the cooler.  I didn't think there would still be
ice in there now."
	
	"Hang on, I'm going to wash myself off real quick.  I don't want the
sand and salt to get all over the car.  There is still sand in there from our
first trip here together."
	
	"We don't have time dear.  Just throw a towel over the seat.  A little
more sand won't hurt anyway.
	
	With that we packed the car and were off on our trip back home, leaving
as the suns final rays peeked over the western horizon.  The night was warm, so
we left the top down for the hour drive back.  First with the cold shorts and
the breeze, I was chilly, but when we reached home it was comfortable.  I was
glad to have the towel.  I was filling the penis tube with anticipation of our
promised night of lovemaking and it was leaking out of the end.  Looking over at
my wife, I could see her sun dress bunched up by the back of the seat and it
fanning over her thighs in the front.  There was nothing between her bottom and
the leather seat, and knowing just how horny she was made me even hornier.
	
	At home, we unpacked the car, put the top up and had separate showers. 
I showered second, leaving sediment of sand on the bottom of the tub, but
otherwise felt great.  I dried off and went to the bedroom.  My wife was already
there dressed only in my second most favorite piece of lingerie she owned, her
birthday suit.  She had a container of Aloe Vera gel with her and asked if I
would kindly work it into her skin.  We both knew that this would make us both
aroused.  So I gladly started with her little toe and slowly but methodically
worked the gel into her skin.  Her whole body, even areas under her bikini
seemed to be tanned from the suns rays.  I thought this was a little odd, but my
mind was so occupied that I left it no thought.  By the time I reached her
shoulders and neck, my body was trembling with need, and the thought that I will
get released shortly.  When I was done we cuddled for a moment.  Next she told
me to lie on my back while she got the key.  She walked back into the room
catlike, seeming to be careful not to rub her thighs on one another.  The
nipples on her small perky breasts left no thought to her being anything but
wanting sex.  Between those breasts that I cared for so much was a key on a
stainless steel necklace.  My pulse quickened, my mind emptied of thought, and
my focus was on the key and her power to wield it.  She climbed onto the bed and
rested on my thighs, her legs squeezing mine together.  She leaned over without
taking the necklace off and placed the lock in the hole and twisted on the key.
	
	My heart stopped.
	
	The key would not turn.  She tried one way then the other.  She jiggled
the key up and down.  Then she began to beat on the front of the belt, and tried
to push and pull on all the parts.  Nothing moved!
	
	She changed positions, moving over my body and turning around.  Her
thighs were draped across my shoulders and as she knelt her upper thighs and
pussy framed what I saw happening to my belt below.  She tried everything once
again.  And still, nothing.
	
	She was so desperate her hands were visibly shaking and she began to
drip onto my chest.  Then something happened I never expected.  She placed the
key into my hand and told me to try myself.  I was stunned.  If she hadn't been
resting on my upper body I would have involuntarily sprang bolt upright.  She
guided my hands to the lock; both our hands were so shaky it took both of us to
put the key in the hole.  I repeated everything she tried and did a few more. 
As I slowly came to the same conclusion, she had created a puddle on my chest
and was beginning to breathe raggedly. 

	I finally pulled the key from the lock and handed it back to her,
reluctant to let go.  She took the key and my hands into her hands and placed
them on her breasts.
	
	I admitted defeat.  "The lock is stuck, the belt won't open."
	
	With that she lowered herself onto my face, my tongue instinctively
sliding right up her lips to her hood and underneath.  Within seconds fluid was
covering my face back to my ears.  She ground down onto my nose and her hips
flexively rocked on my face.  Her ragged breathing turned into hyperventilation. 
Her breathing stopped, every muscle locked in contraction, and her body was
stiff for what felt to me like an eon.
	
	 "AAAGGGGHHHHH!!!"
	
	Her body, which seconds ago, was completely tense, now totally relaxed
and she collapsed onto me with a slap.  Then, almost instantly, she stiffened
back up, her body forcibly tensed into the same position as before, grinding
herself back into my face.  This was accompanied by her drawing in a constricted
breath into her lungs.  She stayed this was for several seconds.
	
	"AAAGGGGHHHHH!!!"
	
	The entire process was repeated again.
	
	"AAAGGGGHHHHH!!!"
	
	And for a fourth time, but slightly less intense.
	
	"AAIIEEE!"
	
	The fourth time she did not collapse, her body wilted down onto me.  Her
sex still pressed onto my face with me licking like a drowning man.  Her body
twitched uncontrollably as if in a seizure, slowly receding, for what must have
been ten minutes.  When she finally stopped moving, so did my tongue.  She lay
there on me verifiably unconscious.  I was lost in thought and emotion, and
drifted off to sleep.
	
	I woke up some time in the middle of the night.  She had rolled off to
my side, but still faced my feet.  Undoubtedly, she had never waked from her
experience.  I rose up and retrieved a cloth to clean her up and turned her
around the right way on the bed.  Picking out my favorite panties of hers I drew
them up her legs and into place.  I went to use the toilet but was still swollen
in the tube.  After waiting ten minutes with no progress, I resigned to having
to wait until the morning.
	
	When nature's call told me it was now or never, I woke from my dream of
having an orgasm coming from me flowing like urine.
	
	My wife was snuggled up to my left side, her left knee propped between
my thighs, slightly parting them.  She was rubbing her pussy against my leg. 
Her left hand was toying with my nipples.  Her head resting on my shoulder
	
	"I love you, hubby.  I love you, hubby.  I love you very much."
	
	She turned her head and looked into my eyes.  They told me she loved me
at least a thousand more times, but had a hint of deviousness to them also.
	
	She lowered her hand from my chest and placed it with her palm centered
on my penis tube, her fingers sliding over its side and cradling my testicles. 
She gave me a light squeeze.
	
	"That was my first multiple orgasm, and the longest regular orgasm I've
ever had.  My mind was lost in a fog.  I couldn't move at all after the last
collapse.  Thank you for keeping your tongue working.  I faded into a dream all
night about having an orgasm, and then I woke up a few minutes ago snuggled next
to you."
	
	I wrapped my arms around her pulling her closer.  I didn't care about
not getting released.  Seeing her like this gave me joy that was
ununderstandable.
	
	She turned her head again and faced me, looking at me with watery eyes. 
	
	"I promise that when we get this belt off, I will pay back what you have
given me"
	
	I knew she was telling the truth.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  muq765


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





