BDSM Library - Cindy, The Jackpot




Cindy, The Jackpot
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl finds out after her awakening that she has been kidnaped by a srange group that uses her in an underground casino.
Cindy - "The Jackpot"
Chapter 1


	Cindy awakened in a dizzy state of mind. She could barely focus in what
was happening around her; neither she could remember how she got there. Her mind
was spinning around feeling very sick.

	This very morning she'd left her house to get to her friend's house
Lisa. She didn't remember meeting Lisa. All she could remember in her best
effort was the long alley at the 26th street where she was supposed to get her
way to her friend's house. All then remained in blurred memories and a strong
headache.

	Cindy was a pretty 17 years old brunette. Since her parents divorce
three years ago she lived by her own in a small town near LA She had promised
her father that she wouldn't leave the school until she graduated. In fact she
was one of the best students in the small High School were she attended. Living
alone in a small apartment rented by her father was not easy. She usually felt
alone and kept on visiting her friends. Holidays where particularly sad days for
Cindy, so she planed to give a surprise visit to Lisa, her cheerleader partner,
and invite her to the movies.

	But she never reached Lisa's house. A gang of five men appeared from
behind her. While one of them pressed the chloroform cloth over her mouth and
nose, the others grabbed her from her legs and arms so that her struggle was
never heard.  In a matter of seconds, her unconscious body was dragged to a
black van. After all men climbed the van it silently disappeared in the main
Ave. of the town reaching the Highway in a few minutes. Nobody ever noticed
Cindy's kidnapping.

	Cindy was so asleep in the chloroform effect that didn't notice the
route of the van into a bad neighborhood of LA. They traveled through a
grotesque area of condemned buildings and abandoned factories until the final
stop in a huge subterranean garage parking. Although it was a scary area, there
were several expensive cars parked in it.  A huge fence, probably electrified,
lots of cameras and uniformed guards with shotguns protected the site like a
fortress. The van passed through almost a hundred parked vehicles and finally
stopped in front of a large rusty steel door.  One of the men clicked on a
remote control and the door opened.

Like she was in a deep nightmare Cindy saw the dim lights of the long alley
while they carried her to a large room.  A sharp needle in her butt almost
awakened her, but she was still dizzy and powerless to resist.  Her mind was not
aware of what fate awaited to her. She was undressed carefully avoiding damaging
her college clothes and several bondage leather ropes and metal clips were
attached to her body. Still unconscious she was dressed again in her college
clothes.

Cindy's mind was gradually regaining conscious, and so starting to look around
she get more and more frightened. Her body was trembling while she wandered
where the hell was she now.   Immediately she tried to stand up and run, but
suddenly she figured that she was tied to something beneath her butt and hips.
It was a curved metal plate that attached to both her tights leaving her legs
open in almost a square angle. Her feet (still in her tennis) were tied to long
steel supports following the line of her hips.  She was completely unable of any
displacement and only her hands and torso was free.

She started to cry and yell trying to get free of that helpless position but
nobody seemed to care about her.  She was now tired of yelling and although her
efforts she couldn't release even an inch of her captured body.

Ninety minutes later she was quiet and still watching around her for somebody
that might help her.  But rather than helping her, a pair of strong men
approached her from behind and grabbed her arms and legs lifting her from the
table she was on.  Without any word they carried her to another long corridor
and to another large room.  It was darker than the other was so that Cindy
barely saw where she was now.  Then she heard the sound of a door opening and
the men lifted her a little more.  She saw a dim lantern light beneath her while
the men worked. A curious click sound coming from the plate under her butts
intrigued her of what was happening.  The men tested the plate attachment trying
to move it and finally left her there, closing the door behind her back.  Cindy
then realized that she was attached on top of something she didn't know and her
breathing got faster and nervous.  She cried and yelled again for five or ten
minutes but again nobody cared about her.

She listened carefully to every sound in the absolute darkness of her
confinement. She heard like the sound of coins in the banks and men laughers,
but still couldn't realize where she was and why.

Suddenly the wall in front of her opened and several lights turned on facing
her. She was almost blind because of the sudden lights and only noticed a pair
of handrails above her.  The coin noise became clearer. She could perfectly hear
the sound of two coins inserted in a machine and a curious wheeling sound. 

What she surely didn't expect was the movement of the plate she was on.  As
quick as she could she grabbed the handrail and forced her head to look down
where she was falling.

-!!!!!!!!!Nooooooo !!!!!!   !!!!!Please don't!!!!- She cried out

A huge cylindrical black dildo was straight pointing to her opened legs.  Now
she realized the purpose of her bondage and captivity.  She then heard four
coins inserted in the machine and the wheeling sound again. This time nothing
happened.  Again four coins dropped and automatically started the almost endless
wheeling sound. This time the plate lowered almost four inches.

She barely could believe it.  Making an effort she could see a man on a jackpot
machine with a big smile on his face.  She was in an underground casino, a very
particular one where they gambled with tortured girls. And she was one of the
prizes!!! 

She decided not to give up so easy, so she grabbed strongly the handrail.  The
next movement caught her warned and she didn't fall any further.  Her eyes were
accommodating to the light and she could see a huge man on his business suit
smiling to her.   Then he showed her a ten dollars bill and inserted it in the
machine.   She never expected what was going to happen next.   After the man
win, a strong electrical discharge run from her arms to her buts, and before she
could mind it she was dropping almost ten inches toward her nightmare dildo. 
She looked between her legs and realized she was almost two inches from a huge
cock alike monstrous rubber dildo. She tried to think quickly about her
possibilities, but there where any she could imagine in that moment.

A knock on the glass caught her attention to what the rich man was doing.  She
gazed at him and saw him showing another ten dollars bill. Also she noticed a
huge bulge in his pants due to his arousal.  He was turned on and there was no
way she could get out of this nightmare. 

Again the wheeling sound preceded the movement of the plate. She tried to grab
the handrails but they got electrified again but she lost her grip in a matter
of seconds.  This time she felt the tip of the dildo against her pants pressing
toward her helpless vagina. 

Then the man grabbed a phone from the wall and talked to her.

-Ok bitch. I give you the chance of getting your panties off now. It will less
the force of the penetration, believe me...- he said
-?Why are you doing this to me?  Have mercy please.... -
-I do it cause I like to see you struggle and cry, but.... What the heck!! I
don't have to explain anything to you!!.-

He rudely hung the phone and inserted another ten-dollar bill in the machine. 
He lost, then he inserted another bill, and win.  Cindy almost thought she was
going to be split in two when the plate lose his grip and all her weight was
only stopped by her cunt against the dildo.  The pain was almost unbearable and
she thought she was going to pass out. She grabbed the dildo trying to stop the
pain, but its outside was greasy and slippery.  The man took a camera from his
pocket and started to shoot at her helpless struggles.

The pain was increasing and her panties were pressing her labia and clitoris
painfully.  She then realized that the man was right with his offer and
desperately started trying to get them rip to ease the pain.

-Help me !!! It hurts !!! - she yelled to the man.

The man only laughed at her and clearly said, "I told you".   Cindy then used
her nails against her panties trying to cut them in the middle.  A little hole
first and a big rip at the end preceded the anguish face of the girl while the
dildo got into her.  It eased the pain over her labia and clit but stretched her
vaginal walls without any mercy. Cindy rubbed her vagina trying to ease the pain
and found a ruler under the dildo. Right now it was over two inches inside her.
Then she took a look at the base of the dildo and realized it was almost two
feet long. She'd never handle that long inside her.

Once again she heard the coin sound in the machine and her face turned to the
man watching him in surprise. How much does he want me to take? Is a he nut? 
The answer never came, but the clicking sound of the plate lowering four more
inches gave her something urgent to care about.  Her body was slowly stretching
over the dildo and now she had six inches long and three inches wide dildo
impaled in her cunt.

He again took the phone and spoke to her.

-Having fun bitch? How does it feel?-
-You son of a bitch!!!. It hurts, it hurts me!!! Is that you want to hear??-
-I'll give you another chance. I'll let you have a rest if you take your skirt
off and show me your tits. -
-You fucking bastard!!! - she answered with anger
-I tell you like the other time that you should consider my offer. It's up to
you. You have a minute to think about it. -
-I won't need it!!-

	The man then knocked on the glass with two coins and inserted them in
the machine. He was a lucky bastard. He won again and Cindy felt another inch
going up into her already stretched vagina and her fists crisped over the dildo
trying to stop the pain

- Ok!! Ok !! I will!!- she said

In tears she started to unbutton her shirt and finally took it off leaving it on
the floor.  She looked at herself and realized that her tits were attached to
two round cone discs chained tightly to her back. Each of the discs had wires
leading out and through the hole in the center a white collar rounded her
nipple. She needed no explanation about the purpose of these attachments. It was
obvious that they were there for torture purposes. Immediately she tried to get
them off.

-I wouldn't do that if I were you. - The man said through the phone.
-I won't let you torture me anymore. -
-If you try to get them off, they may get activated. And once again, believe me,
you're not the one who's gone enjoy it. -

The discs were firmly attached to a crossing chain at her back, so it was very
difficult to get them off. Cindy made every effort she could to free herself
from that device of torture trying to rip the chain apart. Suddenly, as she was
warned a robotic voice started to announce.

Unauthorized device removal attempt detected. Punishment in progress.-
What the heck!!- she said.
An increasing voltage discharge run across Cindy's tits through her cunt and
through her butts. She struggled helplessly with the only hope it will finish
anytime. Then the white circles around her nipples began to heat.  She shouted
in pain as she thought they were going to get cooked in the intense unbearable
heat.

-I told you, stupid bitch.- the man said.
-Shut up you bastard... it hurts... it hurts so much... please stop it. !!!.-
-I can't- he answered in a laugh

Suddenly the punishment stopped.  She was wet on perspiration and exhaust of
struggling. Her hair melted on her face and her body brilliant on sweet.  But it
was not over.

-Let's continue with our business. You have just wasted your five minutes of
relax. I'm sorry- the man said.

He inserted another ten-dollar bill in the machine and lost, and then he
inserted another ten dollar and win. Cindy knew what was going next and making
her best effort tried to grab the handrail. Once again the shock kicked the girl
and she felt as another five inches entered her body. She looked down to the
meter and saw that there were twelve inches inside her.  She cried looking at
her stretched cunt almost four inches wide. She would never be the same. He was
ruining her. And the bastard was enjoying it and taking pictures of her torment.

-Please... stop... I can't take any more inside- she begged
-Of course you can. Believe me, you can take four or six more inches.-
-Please don't. I'll do anything. Stop it -
-You will bitch, you sure will.-

He again played two more times and four more inches of dildo entered the
unwilling girl. The bastard was stuffed with dollar bills !!

-I feel it press against my womb. If you continue you'd kill me.-
-I know bitch, I know.-

Cindy was paralyzed when she heard the sound of coins again. When will he stop?
Is he going to stop anytime?  Am I going to die in this pitiful place?
The machine sounded again, but this time she heard another motor whirring and
her legs went up and her body slid closer to the window.  With her body still
impaled with sixteen inches of dildo she felt a cold air at her butts.  Then her
body began to lower in small steps like trying to accommodate her position.

-I told you to take off your fucking panties, now they're mine.-  he said while
he ripped her underwear off.

He then took both cheeks of her but with each hand and opened her like a book. 
Suddenly she realized his perverse intentions, but it was too late. Helpless and
tired she felt his cock pushing against her anus ring. She had never had anal
sex, and the sole idea of having it disgusted her.  Now somebody she doesn't
know was taking her and the pain was as bad as she imagined.

She couldn't see his cock, but for sure it was huge and nasty.  She fought as
much as she could but his hard strokes finally opened her ass and entered her. 
He was moaning heavily and his hands caressed her tights and swollen cunt. He
went deeper and deeper inside her making her cry from pain and humiliation.

Uhh bitch... you're such a piece of ass. You're so tight and warm. -
You fucking bastard. You're raping me. It hurts you stupid dickhead. -
Hmmm you gonna like it when I shot into your bowels. -
You pervert !!.-
What's your name bitch?. -
I'm Cindy, but what do you care for? -
I'm gonna write it in your pants to remember this moment.-
You're sick. -
Yes, but who cares...-

He continued stroking her again and again until he finally came inside her. 
Then she felt his semen flow up into her ass and he released her.

-Hey!! You've been a good girl. May be I'll ask for you again tomorrow.-
-Fuck you, bastard!!
-See you...- He said closing his zipper and walking away

	The glass door closed and the plate under her regained its horizontal
position.

-What next? - minded Cindy mumbling

	A pair of minutes later a couple of men opened the door and carried her
out to the dark room. They untied her from the plate and placed her over a large
stainless steel bowl. As they pressed a pedal, several water shots started to
shower her bowels and cunt.  She was so hurt and so swollen that didn't even
have the strength to stand up and walk away. Also, the sprinkling water was
hitting her so badly that almost cut her skin. Without any special care, she was
dried with a towel and forced to stand up. Then, the men dressed her again with
brand new white underwear and the classic college uniform again.

-You're very sick men.- she said

	The men didn't care about her speech and placed her over a new device. 
Cindy mind was hit again. The nightmare wasn't over yet.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr JOPI


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





