BDSM Library - A Lesson in Manners




A Lesson in Manners
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lawyer Carol Wainwright and her young 19 year old companion Suzy Wilkins are forced to flee the captial of a central African country. Intercepted by officers of the dreaded Internal Security Bureau, Suzy is unwise enough to lose her temper and physical punishment follows.
'A lesson in Manners' is an extract  from my novel 'African Torture', the URL
for ordering the complete book can be found on my Author page.

Carol Wainwright, a young, blonde American lawyer working for a civil rights
organisation in a central African country, has compiled a dossier about how some
officers of the county's dreaded Internal Security Bureau (the ISB) have been
running a torture and sex-slavery racket under the cover of their  official
duties.

Unfortunately, she loses her temper during a meeting with the Minister of the
Interior and General Jonas Achebe, Head of the ISB, and reveals the existence of
the dossier. Too late, she realises that the corruption goes to the very top and
that it is General Achebe himself who is the organiser of the sex-slavery
racket.

Carol is forced to flee the capital together with a childhood friend from the
states, Suzy Wilkins, who arrived unexpectedly whilst on a back-packing jaunt
around the world. Keeping clear of the airport and main roads they take a bus to
the border post at Tengani, hoping to slip across before the guards are alerted
to stop them.

All seems to be going well but...   

A Lesson in Manners

Suzy Wilkins rubbed the grit from her eyes and tried to see through the dust
cloud cloaking the bus as it shuddered its way towards the border post at
Tengani. One of only two white people aboard, the nineteen year old's red hair
and creamy, freckled skin made her an object of curiosity for the other
travellers.

Only twelve hours ago she'd been lying in bed gently fingering her cunt as she
thought about meeting David in his room the Country Club for lunch. Food was the
last thing on her mind... it was images of riding David's lean, tanned body,
working herself to climax after climax on the long, hard shaft of his cock, that
were feeding her imagination and making her so wet and excited.

The dreams had vanished when Carol had stormed in yelling that things had gone
wrong and they had to get out now! She'd argued and yelled back... until Carol
had slapped her face. Only then did Suzy understand fully that they were running
for their lives and the danger was all too real.

Trying to ignore the stares of the other passengers, she was thankful that, for
once, she'd obeyed her Carol's orders. Loose trousers, a man's denim shirt and
her most battered pair of trainers may not have been the height of fashion but
at least she was comfortable and covered up. She'd tried arguing over that too
when Carol had ordered her to put on her oldest shirt and most worn and tattered
pair of jeans.

Carol simply slapped her again, repeated her order and had gone on stuffing
clothes and documents into a bag. Then she'd totally ignored Suzy's whining
complaints as they struggled on foot through the crowds to catch the daily bus
to the northern border. Pushed up the aisle, the girl had thrown herself into a
window seat near the back, hunching up with arms round her knees, her nose
wrinkling in distaste at the pungent smells of a typical African market place
and the closer, acrid reek of too many hot bodies. She had sulked for hours,
staring rudely out of the barred window space as Carol sat stiff and icily
silent in the other seat clutching her battered leather travel bag protectively.

After the panic of getting clear of the city, Carol was thankful that at least
Suzy's usual skimpy tops and tight shorts were hidden in her bag. Like her young
companion, she'd played safe by wearing a long sleeved shirt but preferred a
full-length cotton skirt to trousers. At least on this bus I won't have to worry
about who she's fucking for a few days, thought Carol wryly. She felt a sudden
rush of warmth between her thighs as she recalled the incident three days
before.

Suzy's antics at the Country Club had become increasingly difficult. Hearing two
friends discussing her latest exhibition had been the final straw and she'd gone
storming into her Suzy's bedroom intending to have strong words about her
sluttish behaviour. The sight of the girl lying deliberately sprawled back on
the sheets, flushed with arousal and the newly shaven lips of her cunt still wet
and glistening with her cream, had stopped her dead in the doorway.

It had taken all Carol's willpower to ignore the explicit invitation in the
redhead's eyes. She remembered staring; feeling the heat of her own blushes as
Suzy slowly inserted one finger between her dusky pink labia, sliding it in and
out in explicit pantomime. Carol had watched, frozen for long moments, as the
girl's caresses grew more urgent. Then, looking straight at Carol, she had
deliberately sucked the sticky juices from forefinger before pushing it deep
inside her cunt once again.

Finally, she had somehow broken away, slamming the bedroom door behind her and
running for the safety of the kitchen. Carol enjoyed sex but she'd never, never
thought of Suzy in that way. Since then though, the thought of lapping and
tonguing Suzy's delicious young cunt, making her squeal with pleasure as she
came and came again, had become her only masturbation fantasy.

Carol's thoughts were interrupted, making her clutch her leather bag against her
body, as the bus lurched to a halt at the checkpoint next to the old Victorian
barracks on the edge of the border town of Tengani. Orders were shouted and the
passengers shuffled off to form two lines, men to the left, and women to the
right.

'This is the last checkpoint. Just do as we did last time. Here, put these in
your passport.' Carol passed Suzy some American dollars. 'Keep close and let me
do the talking... this could be difficult.' She silenced Suzy's comment with an
irritated flick of the hand. 'Don't do anything... just let them take them.'

The line shuffled forwards surrounded by gesturing, shouting soldiers. Suzy
pressed close to Carol, realising that this was one time to keep her mouth
firmly shut. Reaching the makeshift desk Carol held out her passport, Suzy
copied her, also making sure that the green and cream edge of the dollar bills
peeped from between the leaves. Hands scrabbled through the pages, insolent eyes
casually stripping the attractive tawny blonde tall lawyer and her young
redheaded companion whilst coarse remarks brought a flush to Carol's cheeks and
grins from the soldiers. The dollar bills vanished like magic.

More soldiers gathered, chattering and joking. Suzy's passport was peered at
equally intensely and once again the notes vanished. A series of quick, brusque
questions followed; yes, they'd come from the capital, a sudden change of plans,
no they'd booked in but the flight was overfull and they'd been bumped, no, by
bus to Tengani, then Makali airport to fly to the States. Finally, shaking with
tension, they were waved on.

Carol took two steps...

'A moment, if you please...' the man was slim, about sixty with silver flecked
hair and a quiet, commanding presence. Against the dusty uniforms his gleaming
white shirt and black trousers looked freshly pressed. 'Miss Wainwright... it is
Miss Carol Wainwright, isn't it?' A snap of the fingers and their passports and
papers were immediately handed over. 'I am Captain Kipengi, Internal Security
Bureau... I've been told to expect you. We need to have a little talk...'

'Bring her!' Two men grabbed Carol, a third seized her bag and she was hustled
away towards the two-storey police station. The soldiers began shouting and
pushing the rest of the passengers back to the bus.

'Leave her alone you bastards!' Suzy threw herself forwards, fists thumping the
guard's back as they dragged Carol away. 'Leave her alone I said...!'

'Suzy, shut up... just shut up! Get on the bus and get out!' Carol twisted in
the soldiers grasp frantic to make Suzy understand. 'Tell them what happened
when you are safely across the border... please!'

Her warning words were too late. The Captain turned, '...and bring that one
too...' he said softly. '...Any friend of our Miss Wainwright may be useful...
besides, she needs a lesson in manners.'

Hard, brutal fingers dug into Suzy's upper arms and she was pulled forwards too.
Inside the shabby stone building they were hustled along bare echoing corridors
and into a large room with plain walls and peeling paint. No windows and the
door was thick and solid, two battered ceiling fans stirred the air doing little
to relieve the clammy heat and humidity.   A metal desk, swivel chair and some
metal frame chairs together with a battered filing cabinet, a wooden cupboard
and a picture of the President in full military splendour, made up all the
furnishings.

'Stand there,' the guards pushed and shoved the two women in front of the desk.

Captain Lucas Kipengi settled himself comfortably in the swivel chair, cold,
black eyes raking over the two women before him. 'Search them...' Suzy cried out
as coarse, probing fingers worked down her body. She gasped even louder as the
guard discovered she wasn't wearing a bra and took full advantage, squeezing and
pinching her firm, pointed breasts until she squealed and squirmed madly.

Carol tried stifling her own cries of outrage as she was subjected to the same
crude treatment. If anything the soldier took longer with her, mauling her large
breasts and taking particular care to dig his nails agonisingly into the
prominent, rubbery stubs of her long nipples. His fingers probed into her cunt
and the tender rosette of her anus, scraping the material of her panties across
the sensitive inner flesh of her body so she whimpered and twisted at the crude
invasion.

The guards finally left the two women standing alone. Carol was trembling
violently at thoughts of the future. She knew only too well the security
services operated outside what little law there was and had an evil reputation
for cruelty and refined torture. She knew after yesterday, she was already
facing pitiless and exquisitely agonising interrogation. Her panic now was to
shield Suzy from their foul attentions if that was at all possible.

The swivel chair creaked as the Captain leaned backwards. 'I'm so pleased to
catch you before you left us, Miss Wainwright. I understand that two of your
staff decided to tell us about your travel plans...' He chuckled at the words,
'not immediately of course but, after a few hours and a little technical
persuasion, they became very eager to tell us everything we wanted to know...
very eager indeed. So now it is your turn... to fill the gaps. My colleague
Inspector Lubala has asked for you to be transferred back to the capital as soon
as possible. I gather he...and General Achebe...are very keen to talk to you...'

The grin on his face widened as he saw the fear and despair on Carol's face.
Playing with her growing terror he rocked back, taking his ease with cruel
enjoyment, before deliberately turning and ignoring her to study Suzy instead.
The nineteen year old's shirt was undone to the waist so that the inner curves
of her breasts were clearly visible. She was breathing in short, angry gasps,
cheeks flaring red with embarrassment and anger at the crude body search Such
obvious signs of bad temper from the pretty teenager seemed to amuse him even
more.

'Whilst we wait for the car ... I really must deal with your young companion's
bad manners, Jumo!' One of the guards, over six feet tall and with skin like
polished coal stepped forwards, 'Jumo is a Nubian, Miss Wainwright. For
centuries their women have been prized for beauty and their men for their
strength and... endowment. He works as my chief persuader, together with
Selima... who you will meet quite soon. Unfortunately for you... they both find
great pleasure in extracting the information I require... especially from young
and attractive women.'

He looked at the grinning figure. 'Fetch a chair for our spoiled American brat,
Jumo, if you please... and your cane.' Jumo's smile widened as he pushed a
battered, metal-framed chair into the middle of the room and then turned to pick
up something from the floor.  Suzy stared at the bare, tubular metal frame in
bewilderment; yes, it was a chair... but since both the canvas seat and back
support were missing it was useless. She shivered at the thought of what other
purpose the metal frame could be used for.

'Miss Wilkins, listen to me... Jumo is now going to beat you. The punishment for
your disrespect outside is ten strokes with that cane. Bend over the back of the
chair and put your hands on the sides. You will hold that position. If you do
not... you will be tied down and the punishment doubled. Take the position
please.'

Suzy stared in horror at the whippy four-foot cane flexing gently in Jumo's
hand. 'What! You can't do this, I demand to see someone, I won't, I won't!'

'That brings you ten more, Miss Wilkins... do you wish to continue the
argument?'

'I'll get you for this you creep!' Suzy strode over to the chair and bent over
the back in one fluid, athletic movement. 'If this gives you a cheap thrill, get
on with it, you're just a pervert.'

'Oh, Suzy, no, no... don't say anything else...' Carol pleaded.

'Good advice again, but a little late I fear. Now Miss Wilkins, as a forfeit for
that little outburst I think you should remove your trousers. A more intimate
lesson is needed, I fear.'

Suzy went white as she realised what her loss of temper had done. She started to
say something... then bit her lip, undid the buttons and let the trousers fall
at her feet. Still decently covered by her shirt, she kicked them away and bent
reluctantly over the chair again, flushing with embarrassment and keeping her
eyes fixed on the floor in front of her.

At a nod from his boss, Jumo stripped off his own shirt to reveal glossy, coal
black skin and a physique bulging with muscle. He casually flicked the tail of
the girl's shirt back over her shoulders. Half-hidden by the cloth, Suzy heard
the appreciative intake of breath as the men saw the smooth rounded curves of
her taut little bottom.

Although she'd followed Carol's advice about her outer clothing, Suzy had little
that was remotely modest in her underwear, and her present flimsy covering was
more immodest that most. A tiny scarlet thong, high on her waist with the cord
slicing enticingly up between her buttocks provided no concealment or protection
at all. The sweet curves of her bottom already strained taut and trembling by
her bent position were left quite naked and wonderfully exposed for the caning
to come.  

'Delightful,' the Captain chuckled at the erotic view of Suzy's behind. 'But I
fear such a decadent display must be reprimanded even more severely. Make that
thirty strong strokes, Jumo.' He ignored Suzy's wailing gasp of anguish as he
turned to Carol.

'Miss Wainwright, since you have failed to instil discipline into your young
friend, you will assist in her punishment. Please stand in front of the chair
and hold her head between your knees... I suspect that she will try very hard to
get up in a few moments... it will go badly for you indeed if she should
succeed...'

Once in position, Carol tucked up her long skirt, edging her knees apart until
she felt the warmth of Suzy's head between her thighs. She braced her legs
against the girl's shoulders and leaned forward to grab the metal frame on
either side of her hips. She knew, for both of their sakes, she had to keep Suzy
doubled over despite the agony to come.

The hot, wicked thoughts of the other night flooded back through her as she felt
Suzy's neck pressing against her panties... She stared down on the delightfully
taut buttocks bent over the rail. Unconsciously, her thighs tightened on Suzy's
head; her own warmth growing at the sight of the thin red cord arrowing down
between the cheeks; down to where the material stretched tautly over the
prominent pouch of the young redhead's shaven cunt.

The big Nubian swung the long, flexible cane in a whirring arc. There was a
hissing swish then a sharp, wet sound as the whippy rod sliced into Suzy's
Wilkins taut little buttocks. 

'Thwock!'

The teenager jerked madly with the impact and for a moment there was silence,
then...

'Nnnngggaaaah!'

The sound rang round the room only slightly muffled by the folds of Carol's
cotton skirt. Carol's hands clenched white as the girl surged wildly as the
scalding pain grew and grew, her bottom cheeks bouncing under the force of the
blow.

'Thwock!   ...	  Thwock!   ...	  Thwock!  ... 	 Thwock!'

The strokes fell with cruel, relentless precision, each weal exactly parallel to
the last, marching down the jiggling, spasming cheeks like brands of fire.

'N-n-n-n-n-aaarrggggg, aaah, Aaaah, ARRRGGGHHH!'

The sounds from between Carol's thighs became a screaming, gabbled frenzy. Suzy
bucked and squirmed insanely as the count passed thirteen; Jumo's grin of pure
pleasure growing wider and wider as the young girl's legs flexed and juddered;
her bottom cheeks jiggling and bouncing as she clenched and wriggled so
desperately in her agony.

Carol's anguish was very different. Forced to ride astride Suzy's neck, the
girl's wild bucking movements were now masturbating her relentlessly, exactly as
the Captain had intended. Shame and arousal fought for control as she tried to
stop herself coming all over Suzy's back.

Jumo paused at the eighteenth stroke.... Then, he stepped back, summoning a
burst of extra energy for two extra powerful strokes.

'Thwock!         THWOCKK!'

'OH GOD! PLEEESSSEEE! Noooooo! Please NOOOOOOO!'

Jumo paused, letting the throbbing, fiery torment build up, deliberately
torturing Suzy with the false hope that it was all over. 'Don't forget the extra
ten for that indecent display, Jumo...' the Captain's amused voice brought
another despairing wail from the girl clamped between Carol's hot, moist thighs.
'Hold her firmly now, Miss Wainwright... Jumo will place these last strokes on
top of the others... since Miss Wilkins is already a little tender there I
suspect she may try even harder to rise...'

Jumo flexed his shoulders, his black skin gleaming with a fine sheen of
perspiration. The cane whirred again even more viciously as it sliced the air
and then cut across Suzy's well-striped buttocks with a deeper, more solid
'thwuck!' 

'AHHHHH! Yyyyyyyyyyrrrrrgggggh!'

Suzy shook her head dementedly, her whole body bowing and quivering as her
muscles locked in spasm at the pain blazing through her bottom. Carol felt the
short back hairs on Suzy's neck prickling and worrying her cunt lips thought the
sodden material of her panties as every frantic spasm drove her closer to the
edge. She eased her thighs apart, letting Suzy's neck press up into her even
harder, and then clenched her own powerful muscles, rocking to and fro in the
first throes of coming.

'Faster, Jumo, faster... let us not deny Miss Wainwright the pleasure she has
earned from completing her task,' the Captain chuckled as he saw the woman's
hips working faster and faster astride the bowed head of her captive young
friend.

'Thwuck!'...	'Thwuck!'...	'Thwuck!'...	'Thwuck!'...	'Thwuck!' 

The blows struck home with sadistic timing as Jumo watched the unmistakable
signals of Carol's approaching climax.
 
'Uh, uh, uh, nuuuuuuh... huh, huh, ah, aaah, aaaaaaah... hah! Hah! HAH!'

Carol flexed and clenched her thigh muscles as ecstasy gripped her body, almost
stifling Suzy as the spasms made her jerk and buck uncontrollably. The men
grinned and exchanged knowing looks as she grunted in the throes of her release;
the rhythmic chants of her orgasm audible even over Suzy's high-pitched squeals.

'Enough, Miss Wainwright, enough... let her up.' Suzy catapulted upright, face
wet with tears, scrubbing frantically at the throbbing weals branded across her
rump. All dignity and bravado forgotten, she danced on the spot, shirt flapping
wildly; half hobbled by her jeans still tangled round one ankle as she tried to
cope with the blazing, throbbing agony of the beating. Carol, breathless and
panting for very different reasons, fell to her knees, scarlet with shame and
the aftermath of pleasure. She pressed her hands into her groin, hoping stupidly
that her skirt would hide the sopping wetness of her panties as she too fought
to regain some small composure.

'Come here!' Lucas Kipengi's voice was still measured and quiet but both Suzy
and Carol knew better than disobey. 'Now Miss Wilkins... after that short lesson
let us see what we have here...' He tipped the contents of Suzy's bag across the
desk. With a clatter, a ribbed and contoured black plastic cylinder rolled free
of the tee shirts, make up and coloured froth of underwear. 'Well, well... what
a delightful little toy.' Lucas Kipengi let a smile flicker across his face as
he pressed the vibrator's base and a hornet-like buzzing filled the room. 'A
young lady of passion I see.'

He looked up; eyes alight with cruelty as he studied the trembling, tearful
figure of the nineteen year-old high school student. 'Jumo, you have
competition,' he chuckled as he put the vibrator to one side on the edge of the
desk. He studied the two women for a moment longer. 'Miss Wainwright, I hope you
are feeling particularly strong... I suspect that your intention is to 'keep
silent' as they say. If so, the process of extracting the information we want
will be intensely enjoyable for my colleagues at headquarters... and exquisitely
painful for you. As for Miss Wi...'

'...Suzy has nothing at all to do with this! You've no right, not right at all
to drag her into your filthy schemes...' Carol Wainwright pressed forward, fear
and anger driving her words.

'Ah, so you say... Unfortunately for her she may know something important...
besides, whilst I very strict orders about you, I have a certain freedom with
regard to Miss Wilkins.' He grinned maliciously at Suzy still hopping from foot
to foot, her shirt flapping round her thighs and revealing glimpses of her
scarlet thong panties with every movement. 'But for you, it is time to begin
your interrogation. He pressed a button on the desk and two more guards
appeared. 'Take her downstairs, Room Two and wait for me. I ask Selima to join
us.'

Carol was led out as the Captain dialled an internal number and spoke softly for
a few moments. Suzy was left alone rubbing her abused bottom and sobbing to
herself as the big Nubian forced Carol across to a side door and pushed her
through it. Suzy tried to tug the tails of her shirt down but realised that her
efforts were only amusing the captain as he lolled back in his chair.

'You wanted me sir?' Both Suzy and Carol stared across the room at the
middle-aged woman who had walked in. In her late thirties with olive skin, her
long black hair pinned was swept back into a severe bun, the style emphasising
the strong, cruel lines of her face. The clothes added to the sense of quiet
menace, black knee length skirt, soft flat shoes and a black shirt that was
tight enough to strain the buttons over the fullness of her breasts.

The Captain nodded towards Suzy. 'This naughty little girl is ours for a little
while until I complete any investigations that might be necessary. I thought
with your particular skills you might wish to assist us in finding out a little
more about our young American guest, Selima.'

The Arab woman studied Suzy's slim, half-naked figure with eager eyes. She took
her time. Jumo watched her, grinned as he walked over to the desk, picked up the
explicitly formed shape of the girl's vibrator and handed it to the Arab woman.
'Pretty girl, and hot too... perhaps you would like me to check her responses
and reactions for you...Sir?' The Captain grinned broadly at the familiar
innuendo of the question, settling back in his chair and gesturing for Selima to
continue.

Suzy froze as Jumo gripped her arms from behind and then began trembling with a
mixture of fear and excitement as the Arab woman gently undid the buttons of her
shirt one by one. She used both hands to ease it off the girl's shoulders before
letting it fall so Suzy's slim shapely body finally displayed openly for their
attentions, the scanty red triangle of her panties against the light tan of her
freckled skin only emphasising her near nudity.

Suzy's shivers increased as the woman's fingers scraped delicately over the pale
pink tips of those pert little breasts.  Each touch accompanied by a soft stream
of air as Selima blew on the sensitive flesh making the crinkled buds rouse and
stiffen for all to see. Her touch was feather light, each teasing caress
starting at the edge of the wide aureoles before scratching lightly and slowly
down the length of the teenager's erect, upturned nipples. Despite her fear,
Suzy Wilkins moaned and gasped with rising excitement as the woman stroked her.

Satisfied with the initial reaction to the slow, deliberate pleasuring of her
young victim, Selima changed her attack to a gently milking action, her
forefingers and thumbs working the two peaks to aching hardness. Suzy clenched
her fists, trembling with delight and fear of what she knew was to come. 'W-What
are you g-g-going to d-do to m-m-me...?'

'Make you come of course... I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Perhaps, after you've
entertained the Captain and Jumo here... I'll see how many times you can
manage...to compare with the native girls I usually get to play with. Eight,
nine... maybe ten times; you look as though you've got the stamina.' The hands
stopped and Selima picked up the vibrator. She pressed the base and its angry
buzzing filled the room, '...as for your little plastic man...' She touched the
explicitly domed head to Suzy's breasts, drawing circles that carefully avoided
the stiff peaks. 'How do you like him to pleasure you? Here...?' The buzzing tip
moved over the wide pink aureoles before grazing each nipple with a single
fleeting touch.

'Oh, oh no, no n-nooo... d-don't... p-please, oh yes, yes y-y-yessss...'

'They do get nice and stiff don't they...' the woman touched and twisted the
vibrating head against the jutting tips in turn; forcing Suzy to squirm in
delight as the ripples of sensation aroused her to near boiling point. 'Let's
see what happens if I just tickle these wet little panties.' The vibrator moved
downwards, each touch making the young girl's stomach muscles shiver and ripple
with contractions. Suzy caught her breath, unconsciously shuffling her feet
apart as Selima began to stroke the polished head over the soaked, clinging
fabric... tantalising and arousing the girl by deliberately avoiding any touch
on the pouting wet labia still cupped by that taut, scarlet pouch.

Suzy's hips jerked forwards as the buzzing head finally traced along the wet
fabric, pushing it up into Suzy's slit so she moaned and twisted on the very
edge of coming. Selima pressed the vibrator deeper into the girl's vagina, using
her other hand to repeat the tormenting, scraping caress along the teenager's
nipples. 'Are you coming, Suzy, are you? Come on, spurt for me little one. Oh
yes, that's it, yes, come on, yes, yes...'

'Whooo... whooo... I'm there, yes... yes, I'm there...I'm there... I'm
THEEERRRREEEE!'

At the peak of sensation Suzy bucked forwards, clamping her thighs together and
bending her knees so she was only held up by Jumo's iron grip. Her hips
continued thrusting and twitching madly as she tried to force the buzzing,
tormenting rod even harder and deeper into her body. The wet, clinging fabric
provided an extra stimulation as it was rubbed and scraped against the tender
inner membranes of her labia by the woman's expert masturbation.

Silence fell as Selima switched off the vibrator and pulled it free. She licked
the girl juice from the gleaming plastic head, studying the panting, gasping
figure with quiet satisfaction.

She waited for the harsh sobbing breaths to ease a little before she led Suzy
back to the middle of the room. 'Over the chair, right over... just like before
but this time...' Selima ran her hands over the girl's sweaty skin, teasing her
nipples again so she twisted and gasped at each touch. 'Let's get rid of these
shall we...?' Selima's clever fingers rolled the waistband down, easing the
sodden fabric away from the girl's cunt to leave her doubled over and completely
naked in front of the avidly watching men for the first time

'She's all ready for you now, Sir...'

Cortez
All Rights Reserved




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





