BDSM Library - White Slaves of Madame Cong: Elevator Humpers




White Slaves of Madame Cong: Elevator Humpers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Barbara Young scores a victory over Madame Cong, but the lawyer has no idea of the conseqences that will follow.
White Slaves of Madame Cong:  Elevator Humpers

By Jackpot


All the usual disclaimers.  You must be over 18 to read this.  This story is
pure fantasy.  You have been warned.  This is for adults only!



NOTE-There is a sequence in this story that very much resembles something
another author recently wrote.  I must apologize for this however. The ideas for
this sequence were thought of and conceived well before I suddenly saw them
appear in another story, such is life.  I considered deleting the section but
thought that it would take too much away from the story.  I apologize to my
readers and the author, and hope you can enjoy this story.





"Is this your final decision?"
The juror wiped some sweat off his forehead,
"Yes Your Honor, Mrs. Sara James is upheld against Madame Lili Cong of Cong
Enterprises."

     I was ecstatic.
"Another victory in my belt," I thought, "but I'm
going to bring the bitch down all the way, if it is the last thing I do."

As the courtroom cleared I made my way to the restroom, a confident woman,
knowing full well that I had just taken down a giant in the business world.  Her
case aside, Madame Cong had never lost a battle in the courtroom before, and
this defeat seemed most unlikely.  I was freshening up and had no idea who
decided to join me in the restroom,

	"Well congratulations," said the ultra chic and sexy dragon lady."
	"I'm surprised you had the guts to show up here, Ms. Cong."
	"I'm not a spoiled loser, Ms. Young, may I call you Barbara?"
	"Sure, why not, Lili."
	"I prefer to be called Madame Cong, if you don't mind, Barbara."
	"Er, very well, Madame Cong." I was taken back as to why I so readily
surrendered my name to her, especially since she declined on letting me use her
own name.

     "Barbara, you are very good, I would like to hire you as my personal
lawyer."
	"Sorry, you couldn't pay me enough." I gave her an indignant frown.
	"But why not?"  She asked as she re-hooked the top button to her blouse. 
She wore beautiful, long, red fingernails that glistened in my face.  I couldn't
help but notice her exquisite fingers, so willowy and slender.  I found myself
lingering a bit on their image.
	
     "Is something the matter, Barbara?"  She smiled.
	"Eh, ah, no, nothing, as I was saying you couldn't pay me enough."
	"I am sure I could pay you plenty for your services." She smirked.
	"It is not the money.  I just don't trust you.  I still think you are
running a prostitution ring behind all your clever ventures."
	"For God's sake, you can't possibly believe that a fragrance made that
poor, unfortunate woman act out her most lurid desires, now can you?"
	"Well, that was the finding of the court."  It was my turn to smirk, but
Lili pressed the issue again,
	"Courts see what they want to see and you were brilliant in there, that
is why I would like to hire you."
	"Never, Madame Cong, and I fully intend to bring you down one day, so
you'd better watch your back."  I said, insolently.
	"I always do my dear, but since you are such a doubting-Thomas why not
check out my facilities yourself and then make a judgement?"  She spoke with all
the confidence of a slithering snake ready to pull in its prey.
	"I'm sure that is exactly what you would want."  I smiled.
	"What are you afraid of?"  She chuckled,  "Is the big lawyer afraid of a
little perfume?"
	"I am afraid of nothing, especially you, Madame!"  I turned back to her
while running the water and splashing some of it in my eyes.
	"Do your eyes, burn?"
	"No, no, I am just a little bit tired.  I haven't been sleeping that
well lately, occupational hazard."  I chuckled and started out.  She followed
me.  We both headed toward the elevator.  Once inside I pressed the button for
lobby.  There were only three floors, but who wanted to walk.  We both stepped
to the back of the elevator instinctively.  It moved a bit and then she pressed
the stop button.

	"I have something that is good for that."  Lili said.
     "What are you talking about?  Good for what?"
     "That insomnia."  She went into her purse and pulled out a perfume bottle. 
I immediately stepped back."
	"Barbara, it is only perfume, my goodness."  She put some on her fingers
ever so lightly.  She gestured to me, "Here just smell that for a second."
	"Why?"  I said timidly.
	"Look, I'll smell it first."  She did just that.  "See no problems,
silly girl."  Seeing that, I consented,
	"All right but just a little whiff."

	Madame Cong put her right hand up under my nose very slowly and
fluttered her fingers lightly, quite sensuously.  She made sure that I got a
good whiff of it, and her slender, sexy, long fingers.  The smell seemed to jump
from her red nails like a quivering, magic dust.  I quickly felt the sensation. 
I brought both of my eyes together, staring closely at the tips of her beautiful
fingernails.  I suddenly closed my eyes and felt tired, almost like I was going
to past out.  I felt wonderful.  It was really relaxing and gentle.  I suddenly
felt strangely sexy.  I could even feel my nipples start to get hard, but I
didn't know why.  I shook off the sensation.

	"What is that stuff?"  I shook my head a little more.
	"Oh, just something I extracted from Borneo, do you like it?"
	"Well it..."  I was having trouble focusing.
	"It is quite relaxing, yes?"
	"Ummm yes."  I said.
	"Yeeeeeees it is, isn't it."  Her words sort of lilted in my ears.
	"Would you like a bottle?  It may help you to relax at night, and
sleep?"
	"Ah, no, no thank you."  My instincts were setting in.
	"Free of charge, think of it as a victory prize."  She laughed.
	I played it cool, "Very well," and she placed it in my hand.  She closed
her hand over mine tenderly.
	"It will give you sweet dreams."  Her voice was very dreamy and sexy.  I
wondered why it made me wet. 

     I thought to myself,
     "It has to be this perfume, I am not a lesbian!"
     She pushed my hands up to my nose.  "Sniff some more Barbara, take a nice
long whiff of it.
    
     The sensation was incredible.  I was more relaxed than I ever felt in my
life.  She pulled away from me,
     "You can rest your arms now Barbara, put them down."  Her voice reamed a
beckoning I could not resist.  I relaxed my arms.  The bottle remained in my
right hand with its cover in my left.
     "Now be a good girl and put the bottle down on the floor."
    
     I did as she asked.  I knew something was happening to me but I sort of
felt like a zombie.  Her voice was reaching into something deep within my soul. 
My body was on fire.
    
     "Have you ever heard of an elevator humper, Ms. Young?"
     "Wwwwha....ssss an elevator hhhhumper?"  I could barely speak.
     "It is a bitch that is trained by me to excite important businessmen and
women in elevators.  They will hump anything and anyone after proper training."
    
     I could see and feel her eyes smiling down on me.  I thought,  "Did she
really say 'bitch'?"  I wondered why I could hardly move.  My panties were
soaking inside.  I became afraid that she was aware of it.
    
     "You want to pull down your slacks for me right now don't you Barbara?" 
Her voice seemed powerful and sure.
     "I....iiii nnnno, please..."
     "It is okay Ms. Young.  You have had a very hard and stressful day.  It
would be so nice to pull down your slacks and show Madame Cong that lovely, wet
pussy you have underneath them, isn't that right, Ms. Young?"
     "I no IIIII....emmmmmmm nice."  My mind was in a complete haze.  I started
to pull down my slacks.  I knew it was wrong and I hated it, but I could not
stop myself.  I felt like a puppet on a string, and Madame Cong was wielding it
with perfection.  Once my slacks came down I felt so funny just standing there
with them around my ankles waiting for her to say something else.
     "Good girl.  Now be a proper bitch and pull down those panties too.  You
know how delightful it will feel to let that wet pussy of yours do a little
breathing Barbara. Pull it down!" 
    
     She was so commanding and stern, and I was so wet and horny.  I did as she
said.  Now my panties were hanging around my ankles too, and yet I was still
helpless to move or stop her.
    
     "Spread your legs bitch!  This is your first lesson in serving me."

     She came close to me.  I spread my legs for her.  I thought she was going
to just walk right through my entire body.  I could feel her voice and breath in
my face.  She took out her left hand and did a thumb up with it.  She placed it
right under my pussy.  She looked right into my eyes and uttered one word,
    
     "Hump!"
    
     I wanted to stop and leave.  I had to.  It was wrong.  I hated her and all
of this, but I could not move, and my body was full of sex.  I had not ever
experienced this so strongly before.  I humped her.  I humped her dutifully like
a good little girl in heat.  I needed her thumb deep inside of me.  I wanted to
come all over her finger.
    
     "You are such a good bitch Ms. Young.  You are a perfect candidate to be an
elevator humper.  Look at how your pussy glides and rides my finger.  It is just
begging for release; wanting to squirt all your hot juices all over it.  The
passion is exploding inside you now.  I can see it in your eyes Barbara.  You
want to come now.  You want to come all over Madame Cong's thumb, and you will. 
You will come now Barbara you will come now for Madame Cong!"
    
     I exploded all over her thumb.  I was actually squeezing my thighs around
it so I could get more of an orgasm.  I found myself humping her finger up and
down with my legs in unison.  I was bending my knees and squatting.  I felt like
I could go on forever but finally after three more orgasms it seemed to subside
and I started to tire from my leg movements.  She removed her thumb from my
pussy and uttered another single word,
    
     "Suck!"
    
     I wondered if it would ever stop.  Whatever she said I was compelled to do,
even if it felt against my will.  My body was betraying me.  I opened my mouth
and stuck out my tongue.  She swirled her thumb around it and put it inside my
mouth.  I began to suck it like a pacifier or some small imitation cock.  It
rocked back and forth against my cheeks inside.  I tasted my own pussy juice.  I
had visions of a cock ejaculating sperm inside my mouth, but I knew it would
never come.  Finally she took it out of my mouth.
    
     "All clean now.  Very good Ms. Young, that was a fine performance.  You
were a perfect slut for your new Mistress."
     "Did she really say 'Mistress'?"  I thought.
     "Now close your eyes and sleep, that's it, sleep.  When you have awoken
from your slumber you will forget all of this took place."
    
     I could feel her fingers and hands move along me as she pulled up my
panties and my slacks and put them back in their proper place.  I knew this was
going on but I could not stop it, and then her words began to sink in,
    
     "Sleep, close your eyes and sleep...sleep, close your eyes and
sleep...sleep, close your eyes and sleep..."
    
    


Ms. Cong reached into her purse again and pulled out a business card and handed
it to me.

	"Here, in case you change your mind and want a tour of my facility.  You
just call the number and make an appointment to see me, you are a terrific
lawyer."  Madame Cong sauntered her way out of the elevator.

	I felt strange, sort of in a daze.  My knees felt week, but I quickly
gathered myself and made my way out too, "What is wrong with me?" I thought,
"just not getting enough sleep I guess."





	Later that evening, after I took a shower, I decided to open the bottle
of perfume and take a whiff, I thought, "it can't really hurt me or anything. 
It is just very relaxing, and I am sure that bitch just gave it to me to try and
get me off her back."  I breathed in a nice amount of it and felt tingly all
over.  I couldn't help but drift back in my mind about Madame Cong's long,
beautiful fingers, for some reason I was thinking about them, "damn her for
doing what she does.  I am really going to take her down!"  I suddenly felt the
need to move my fingers down, inside my panties.  I started to play with myself
and drifted off to sleep.

	


     It turned out to be another hectic week.  I had nine cases in all and won
every one of them.  Still, as the days went by I continued to fiddle with Madame
Cong's card on my desk.  Overwhelmingly, I was becoming more and more interested
in seeing her establishment.  This would be the perfect way for me to gather
further evidence on her.  I guess my thoughts were becoming like a child's
thoughts, thinking I shouldn't do it made me want to do it more and more;
finally by Thursday I decided to make a call to Madame Cong's office.

	"Madame Cong Enterprises, Sherry speaking, how may I help you?"
	"Hi, my name is Barbara Young and I would like to speak to Ms. Cong
Please?"
	"Was she expecting your call Miss?"
	"Yes, she was."
	"Hold on please."
	"Very well." 
	"I'm sorry Ms. Young, Madame is in an important meeting right now, may I
have your number so she can call you back?"
	I gave the girl my office number.
	"May I have your home phone number as well Ms. Young?  Madame Cong could
be tied up for hours in this conference."
     I hesitated a bit, "um, well, sure, yes, my number is..." and I gave her
the number.  I really didn't want to give out my private line too, but I was
wondering if the dragon lady was backing out of it and I didn't think she would
take me up on it.
    
     All day long I sat and waited for a call and then all night too.  I was
restless since I was anticipating it for so many hours, but the call never came. 
The next day I placed yet another call into Madame Cong's office,
     "Hello this is Barbara Young again, I really would like to speak to Ms.
Cong, please."  I was rather annoyed.
     "I'm sorry, Madame Cong isn't here right now, may I take your phone number
so she can get back to you?"
     "You stupid bimbo!  Do you know who I am?"  I exploded.
     "Yes I know who you are Ms. Young..."
     I cut Sherry off,
     "I am one of the best attorneys in town, now put Madame Cong on this phone
immediately!"  I commanded.
     "I'm sorry Ms. Young but she isn't here right now."
     "Look, I have been trying for two days now."
     "Madame Cong will get back to you as soon as she can Ms. Young."
     I hung up on her.  Later I waited and waited all day and night, but still
no phone call.  Saturday came around, and I'd be damned if I were going to wait
by the phone all day so I decided to do some clothes shopping.  I arrived back
home at about 4:00pm.  I checked my phone messages, and sure enough, there was a
message from Ms. Cong,
     "Hi Barbara, I guess I missed you, Madame Cong here.  I have had a busy
week and I am sorry I could not get back to you until now, as I instructed you,
you must make an appointment to see me, so talk to Sherry on Monday and she will
set something up for you, bye now."
     I was furious, after all that, I would have to talk to Sherry again, "Who
does this bitch think she is?"  I vowed I would call Madame Cong on Monday,
bright and early.
     The weekend was uneventful, not having many friends, since my work was my
life; I didn't have much going on socially.  I have no boyfriends to speak of,
and very little family, just a brother somewhere in Europe.  I did some more
shopping and watched a lot of television all weekend.  Sunday evening I looked
at myself in the mirror and started crying, "I have beautiful, long, black hair,
and a great figure, why aren't men interested in me?"  I thought.  Then I just
went to sleep.
    
     True to my word I called Ms. Cong early in the morning, 9:00am on the dot,
     "Hi, I would like to make an appointment to see Ms. Cong please?"
     "May I ask who is calling?"
     "What a dummy Sherry is," I thought to myself.
     "Sherry it's me again, Barbara Young."
     "Oh, yes, Ms. Young, when would you like to see Madame Cong?"
     "Today if possible."
     "I'm sorry but she will be busy for a couple of days, she would like to see
you on Wednesday morning at 10:00am, is that good for you?"
     I was getting pissed off again, but I played it cool,
     "Well...I will have to check my itinerary and get back to you.  I have some
cases coming up..."
     "Ms. Young, Madame will not be able to see you until the following week if
you cannot make Wednesday, so unless you want to wait more, I suggest you clear
your engagements for that day." She seemed so smug about it, almost as if she
was trying to get back at me for going off on her the other night.
     "Why you little bitch!" I thought to myself, but I reasoned I could not
play this game much longer so I capitulated to Sherry,
     "Uh, well, let me see, oh I guess I could cancel some things, very well
then, Wednesday it is, I will be there."
     "Very good, Ms. Young, Madame Cong is looking forward to seeing you then." 
And She hung up.
     Inside I was furious, but what else could I do.  I just had to see Cong's
facilities.  I decided to inform all my co-workers and my boss about this big
meeting I was going to have.  I felt more like a reporter than a lawyer but
sometimes a lawyer has to do some snooping around to get the facts straight.  I
wanted to dig up more dirt on the dragon lady and this was my big chance.
    
    
    
    
     I wore one of my finest black suits and a very pretty, silky, white blouse. 
I arrived at Madame Cong's office promptly at 10:00am,
     "Hi Sherry, I am Barbara Young." I thought, "Yep, another blonde bimbo," as
I looked at Sherry's long, blonde hair.   In fact everyone I met so far was a
woman and they all had blonde hair.  I thought it was a bit odd.
     "Yes, Ms. Young, please have a seat and Madame Cong will be with you
shortly. 
     I sat down and looked at some magazines, they were all sexy magazines, and
some were even lewd and demeaning to women.  The wait was hardly short, it
turned out to be a half-hour and I grew impatient,
     "Look Sherry, I haven't got all day, is Madame Cong going to see me or
not?"
     "I am sorry Ms. Young, but Madame has many important matters to attend to. 
You don't just think you are her only appointment for the day do you?"
     I was impressed the dumb bitch asked me a direct question,
     "No, but I may be her most important one."  I said confidently.
     "Well, be that as it may, you will just have to wait like all the rest do,
now why don't you be a good girl and go sit down and read some more magazines."
     I was ready to explode again.  Did she really call me a 'good girl'?  I
wanted to tell her off badly, but I came this far, too close to blow it now.
     "Um, well maybe you are right, I'll just go sit down again."
     "That's a girl."  She smiled.
       I don't know why I said it so sheepishly.  It was something about the way
she was looking at me.  I kind of felt stupid after I said it that way, but I
returned to my seat.
    
    
     After another half-hour I decided it was now or never,
     "Okay Sherry, I have had enough, either she sees me now or I am leaving." 
I spoke real sternly.
     "Well there is the door Ms. Young."
     That was the last straw.  I reached over and grabbed her by the top of her
blouse and pulled her over to my face,
     "Look, you bitch, you either get me in now or this fine blouse is going to
look ugly in one minute!"  Now I felt good my power returning to me.
     "Remove your hand at once or I will break it!" 
     I was shocked.  I quickly removed my hand.  There was something in her eyes
that looked like this woman was for real,
     "Now go back to your seat Ms. Young and don't you dare disturb me again or
you will never see her, is that clear?"
     "But...I...um..." I was in such shock I could hardly speak right.
     "I said is that clear?"  She was real scary when she got her anger up.  She
certainly wasn't acting like a dumb blonde.
     I cleared my throat,
     "Umm, okay Sherry."
     "I think it is best that you call me Ms. Towers from now on since that is
my last name."
     "Yes, Ms. Towers."  I spoke meekly.  Hey, I am a lawyer, which means I am a
fighter, but I leave that to the jury and the courts.  I am no wrestler and this
woman looked ready to fight me physically, so I kind of wimped out some and went
back to my seat.
    
    
    
    
     After waiting another half hour and a full hour and a half now, she finally
called me,
     "Ms. Young, you can go right in now."
     "Well it's about time."  I fumed.  She just gave me an evil stare.
    
     Madame Cong's office was bizarre.  I could not believe what was on her
walls.  There were weird pictures of women in bizarre S&M poses,
     "Strange stuff for a businesswoman."  I thought.
     "Hi Barbara, sorry to keep you waiting so long, but one of my overseas
shipments was giving me some problems.  Oh, sorry about my strange tastes in
art, just a hobby of mine my dear, please sit down."
     It sure was strange, and so were the sculptures and patterns on the rug. 
They were all bizarre images, some with women having wrap-around dicks coming
from themselves and into their own asses.
     Madame Cong was dressed in a sexy power suit, and a really tight, short red
skirt.  She had velvet, smooth legs, and beautiful curves about her.  All
accentuated by her wonderfully long, red nails.  She was the only other woman I
saw with black hair, other than myself.
     "Well, you sure have an interesting place here, Lili.  It seems strange for
a businesswoman, wouldn't you say?  And why no men here?"  I got right to the
point.
     "I have instructed you to call me Madame Cong, please respect my
preferences."
     "Well, then why don't you call me Ms. Young?"
     "You didn't want to be called that Barbara, unless you change your mind so
easily my dear, or do you just wish to copy me?"  She was masterful in dialogue.
     "I would never copy you..." She cut me off.
     "Then Barbara it is, yes?"
     "Y...es." I said feeling defeated again. Her wit was too much.
     "Stand up Barbara!"  Ms. Cong commanded suddenly.  I did so reluctantly,
     "But why, what's wrong?"
     "Come here."  I stood up and moved over to her.  She placed her finger on
my lips and began rubbing.  She smudged my lipstick back and forth, and rubbed
her fingers a few times over it.
     "What are you doing?"  I said in shock.
     "Oh, sorry, dear, but you had a piece of hair on your lips and I just
wanted to get it before you swallowed it."  She smiled.
     "Oh, ah, thank you." I think I blushed.  There was something about it that
I did not like.  I had a strange feeling of weakness when she did that to me.  I
got wet too.  I felt ashamed because a woman made me feel that way and I was not
a lesbian.  I had to shake the feeling fast.  My legs grew weak.
     "But look dear, I have smudged your cheap lipstick.  I am sorry, hold on,"
and Madame went into her desk drawer for a matching lipstick, she moved again on
me, "hold still now," and she grabbed my cheeks and applied the new lipstick
over my lips."  It all happened so fast.  I didn't know what hit me.
     "There, all sweet and dolled up again."  Madame Cong said with a chuckle.
     "Um, yes, well, thank you."  I was crimson red.
     "Don't mention it dear.  Now let me take you to one of the plants I have
here."
     "A....ll right."  I stuttered walking on wobbly legs.  I hated her for the
way she had just made me feel.
    
     Ms. Cong took me far across the building and into another part of the
facility, it was a large warehouse type room.  There were blonde haired women
with masks and white robes everywhere.  Inside the room there were beakers and
distillery equipment everywhere.
    
     "Here is where we make all my wonderful perfumes." Madame lilted the words
to my ears.  The words were almost breezy sweet.
     "You could easily use this to make drugs?"  I said questioningly.  I felt
lightheaded, and my legs were growing suspiciously weak.
     "Barbara, I have been well inspected.  I run a legit business."  She said
firmly.
     "I'm sure you do."  I responded with a cynical frown.
     "Perhaps you would love to see my testing plant?"
     "Yes, I would."
     "It is at the other end of the facility, this way."  She abruptly pulled my
arm and started away.
    
    
    
     The pace was getting to me, but after a while Lili began to slow down some. 
She really had me moving all over the place.  I struggled to keep up with her
long legs.
    
     "Come, come, are you tired dear, such a young woman and tired already." 
She said with a wry smile.
     I didn't like the remark but she just pressed on.  When we got to the other
plant it was large, and very dark with women all over the place.  "Blondes, of
course."  I thought to myself. 
    
     The women were all lined up in rows, like cabbages with headsets and tubes
running into their noses.
     "What the hell is all this?"  I asked.
     "This is where I test my perfumes.  The girls inhale small amounts of my
fragrances and relax.  The relaxation technique is caused by white noise they
are listening to in their headsets."
     "And the computers in front of them?"
     "Oh, those are just colorful images designed to enhance the relaxation
effect."
     "Sounds like brainwashing to me."  I sneered.
     "Nonsense, you see all those electrodes connected to their bodies?"
     "Yes."
     "Well they are providing feedback impulses to the computers so we can get a
gauge on how the fragrances respond to their emotions.  It is very useful in
this business."
    
     I was staring at one of the computers.  It was full of beautiful blue
swirls of light and dark alternating hues.  It made me feel strange.  It was
very hypnotic.
    
     "Are you all right, Barbara?  Barbara, are you okay?"  Madame Cong
repeated.
     "Oh, er, yes, I mean, no, I mean I feel a bit dizzy."  I put my hand on my
forehead.
     "Perhaps you should sit down.  I have kept you at a very brisk pace this
morning and..."
     "No, no, I am all right.  Let's continue the tour."  I shook my head. 
     "Well we still have many other sites, including a warehouse full of
perfumes and specialty items, even multicolored lipsticks, but I think we should
go to the salon.  Sherry should be there by now."
     "Sherry?  I thought she was just your receptionist?"
     "She is, but she is also a very fine hair stylist.  Why don't you let her
wash and style your hair for you."  She suggested.  I didn't like the sound of
it, especially after the verbal sparing I had with Sherry earlier.
     "What's wrong with my hair?"  I said defensively.
     "Nothing my dear, but I thought it would give you a chance to rest a bit,
and you seem very tired.  It is free you know, and you are my guest."  She
smiled.
     "I don't know, um..." I resisted.
     "Come on, it will be fun."
     "Well, I guess it would be okay and I am very tired all of a sudden."
     "You need to take better care of your body dear, and increase your
vitamins."  Madame Cong laughed, but I felt insulted.
     The Salon was an awesome site.  It was very eloquent and roomy, even with
the red carpet treatment.  The chairs and sinks looked extra relaxing.  They
seemed to make me yearn to just put my body into the relaxing hands of a
beautician.  I was still worried that the beautician was Sherry, but I found
myself longing to put my feet up and sit in one of those luxurious chairs and
just let everything go; for the moment at least, I could ease up on my
investigation.
    
     "Sherry, Ms. Young has decided to have her hair done.  You will take care
of her, yes?"
     "Yes, Madame."  Sherry looked at me and smiled, but it was a very catlike
smile.
     "Put yourself in her hands, Barbara.  I will be back in a few minutes."
     "This way Ms. Young."  Sherry said.
     I was so tired I couldn't wait to sit in one of those chairs.  I was
apprehensive with Sherry but I was too tired to care.  I did look around at all
the other customers and wondered why they all had blonde hair.  It made me a bit
nervous,
     "Now, Sherry, remember, I am a brunette."  I said.
     Sherry burst out giggling, "Of course, Ms. Young.  I know we got off on the
wrong foot earlier, so let me make it up to you now.  You just relax and let me
do all the work on that pretty hairline of yours.  It is so good to relax and
let someone else wash your hair for a change, so soft, isn't it?"
     "Oh, yes."  I said, as I sunk deeper and deeper into relaxation with every
stroke of Sherry's hands upon my hair.  I grew more and more relaxed and very,
very tired.  The lotion felt like silk running through all my strands.  The
melodious way in which Sherry continued to palm my hair and chat with me made me
feel so comfortable and safe.  I began to drift off to sleep but she poked me to
keep me awake.  She went to work on my hair. 
     First she used a rinse and conditioner, and then she applied a special dye
to my hair.  It seemed very rich and bright.  She let it dry.  Once dry, she
began to style it very differently, much less conservatively than my original
style.  This new look was extremely sexy.  Actually it was downright sluttish. 
I was trying to think and I realized I was really struggling to stay awake.  I
also realized my hair was blonde now.  The bitch was making me blonde.
    
     "Just relax Barbie."  She pushed me back down from struggling.  I had no
strength to resist her.
      
     "That's it Barbie, by now you must realize that I am making you over to
look just like Madame Cong wants you; just like a blonde bimbo!"  Her emphasis
on that reached into my soul.
     "I am sure Madame did the lipstick trick on you Barbie," she could tell I
was responding to what she said with my eyes, "Yes, you do remember that.  The
more you licked your lips, Ms. Young, the more the chemical flushed into your
system.  It was designed to weaken your body and make you more pliable to my
control."  Her voice had a haunting touch of the macabre.
    
    
     Sherry did the full works on me.  My fingernails were now bright pink.  My
lips wore a bright pink, bubbly, lipstick.  My face was plucked and waxed.  My
legs were shaved and waxed also, but my pussy was left unshaven.  She stripped
off my clothing and forced something very slutty on me.  It was a bright,
iridescent, yellow top and a really short miniskirt in hot pink.  My shoe heels
were very high and another brilliant shade of pink.  My eyelids were made full
and lusciously thick, with plenty of eyeliner and a light shade of pink brushed
on them.  I looked ten years younger than twenty-seven.  I already was a hot
young lawyer, but now I was a hot and younger looking slut.  I suddenly passed
out.  The chemical lipstick that was used on me earlier finally made me sleep.
    
    
    
    
     (A few hours later)
    
     "Barbara, wake up, wake up Barbara, wake up!"  It was Madame Cong's voice. 
She shouted again and then moved away.
     "My goodness, another masterpiece Sherry, you outdid yourself today."
     "Thank you Madame."
     Sherry shook me back to my senses, knowing that by now the drug was just
about wearing off.
     I woke up stunned.  I had hoped it was all a bad dream but it was not.  I
could immediately see my image in the mirror.  I leaped up out of my chair and
swung around at Sherry,
     "You bitch!"  I tried to smack Sherry in the face but She just blocked the
blow and pushed me down by my shoulders.  She was very strong.
     "Sit down, Barbie!"  She commanded as she pushed me right down and pinned
my arms to the chair with her own hands.  She then bent over and whispered into
my ears, "Who is the bimbo now?"  Then she quickly released her grip on me.
     "What have you done to me?"  I yelled out in panic.
     "You have been made over Barbara," Madame Cong said, "wouldn't you just
love to quit your job as a high-powered lawyer and work for me as one of my
testing receptacles in that dark room I showed you?"  She said cynically.
     "You fucking bitch!" I rushed to attack Ms. Cong.  I reached to grab the
top of her blouse, but the dragon lady just grabbed my hand and bent it tightly,
forcing me down onto my knees.
     "Owe!"  I screamed, "let go!"
     "Say please let go, Madame Cong, say it!" Lili commanded.
     "Please, please..."
     "Please what?"
     "P...lease let go Madame Cong."  Immediately she released her grip on me.
     "Stand up, slut!"  She commanded.
     I got up to my knees slowly and massaged my twisted wrist.  Madame ushered
over to Sherry,
     "Go get Brenda and come back."
     "Yes Madame."
    
     A few minutes later Sherry returned.
    
     "This is Brenda, and along with Sherry, they are going to be my enforcers. 
You are about to begin your slut training Barbara dear."  Madame Cong's gaze
went right through me.
     "Everyone knows I am here," I was becoming frantic, "you can't do this to
me!  The police will be here in no time at all.  My boss knows, and all my
friends know, even my family..."
     "Oh, you think so, Barbara...well let me tell you that no one will save
you.  I am the most powerful woman in this town and I am one of the richest
women in the world.  Did you ever stop to think that I might just be able to own
your law firm and your co-workers?  I even paid off your pathetic
excuse-of-a-man boss, and I know you have no friends Barbara.  I checked on your
family too.  You have one brother who hasn't spoken to you in 10 years.  You are
quite alone.
    
     "You won't get away with this.  I will never submit."  I sounded tough, but
deep inside I was scared for my life.  I had wondered about all this.  "Was I
about to become like every other woman who got involved in Madame Cong's
affairs?  Would I become a slave?"  I began to sweat.
    
     "Take her to my private room and prepare her."  Madame Cong commanded.
     Sherry and Brenda each took me by the arm and led me away.  I was screaming
obscenities.
    
    
    
    
     They took me to a completely different area of the building.  It was on the
12th floor.  The elevator seemed strange.  Not only did it go up but it also
stopped and then seemed to go forward.  It was like it was moving me to a hidden
compartment somewhere else on the floor.  Sherry held my mouth while she twisted
my arm in back of me.  She was so domineering that Brenda almost had nothing to
do but follow along.  They took me to a room that had a black floor that was all
lit up.  The walls were white and the ceiling was black.  There were S&M and
bondage devices everywhere.  They looked just like in the magazines I was
reading when I first got into Madame Cong's office.  While Sherry held me in
place Brenda began to remove my clothes.  It was a struggle but Sherry was very
strong.  They replaced my white bra and panties with bright pink ones.
    
     "Spread your legs."  Brenda commanded.
     "Fuck you bitch!"  I said as I spit at Brenda.  Sherry immediately came
down very hard across my face from with an open slap from her hand.
     "Do as she says.  Do it now bimbo!"  She shouted.
    
     I  began to spread my legs very slowly.  They were like jello at this
point.  Brenda secured my legs to two chains that were bolted to the floor.  The
chains were very short, allowing very little movement of my feet.  I was
instructed to put my arms over my head, and the girls quickly attached my wrists
to chains above my body.  My legs were spread out wide by the floor.  It moved
mechanically at the touch of a button on the wall by Sherry.  Each side of the
floor under my legs moved in opposite directions as they spread me.  Just then
Madame Cong entered the room.  She came up close to me,
     "Well, well, how's my new little bitch coming along?"  She grabbed my
cheeks with her hand.
     "Fuck you!"  I blurted out.  Madame Cong slapped my face with the back of
her hand.
     "Since you wish to use such foul language your mouth will have to be washed
out with soap.  Brenda, bring me the special gag device."
    
     I gave Madame a strange but terrified look, "What are you going to do?"
     "This my dear is a special penis gag.   You will notice it is inflatable
and has a hose attachment to it.  You will notice the other end has a phallus
and is also inflatable, and it is inserted up your ass.  I will put soapy water
inside that lovely belly of yours.  You see I am going to wash out your entire
system, but first a bit of a cycling will do nicely.  You will be digesting your
own soapy shit through your mouth and then back down into your stomach and into
your intestines and back out into the tube and right back up again and again as
long as I see fit to cleanse your filthy mouth.  We will begin with soap and
then graduate to sperm and pussy juice as we continue."  She started handling
the equipment and fondling it, making me more and more nervous.  She rolled her
sexy fingers along the tube and penis gag itself.  She connected another tube to
it.  I could tell it was designed to go in my ass.  The remainder of the
original tube was connected to these machines there were three of them.
     "By the way Barbara, you will have a new name.  What number is she on the
list Sherry?"
     "She is number 109 Madame."
     "Then your new name will be Barbie Humper 109.
     "Repeat it for me."  She commanded.
     "Screw you, Lili!"  I promptly got several slaps across my face from Ms.
Cong.  They were hard and heavy slaps due to the added weight of her arm-length
leather gloves.
     "You will address me as Mistress from now on is that clear slut girl?"
     "Never..." She slapped me again.
     "Now what is your new name?"  She repeated.
     "Go to hell!"
     "So you think you are going to be a tough bitch hah?  Well then, I guess
this penis gag is just what you need to shut you up. Now open wide!"
    
     She squeezed my cheeks together and pinched my nose thus opening my mouth
wide.  Then she stuck the penis gag in my mouth and wrapped the strap around my
head, "Ummmph."  I gagged some.
     "Now Brenda, 25 lashes and make them good ones on her back."  Madame Cong
instructed. 
    
     The whip seemed to go on and on.  I thought it would never end.  My back
began to swell up with red lashes all over it.  There were marks on my ass as
well.  All I could do was squirm and try to shout, but no noise was heard due to
the tightly strapped penis gag in my mouth.
    
     "Now Brenda, remove the gag."  As she did so, I drooled all over my chin
and chest.  My head was sagging from exhaustion.  The questioning continued,
     "Now, Barbie Humper 109, what is your new name?"  Madame Cong lifted up my
head.
     "Fuck you!" I said.
     Immediately the gag went right back in my mouth,
     "Brenda, 35 more lashes."  She instructed.
     "noppppph, ndddddosh, noeeeh!"  I shouted without much sound.
    
     The lashes began again, one more powerful than the next.  Each blow a new
reminder to me that it could go on and on and on unless I would break down and
submit to Mistress Cong.  My sweat poured all over my body, fresh beads were
cascading into every crevice.  I almost passed out.
    
     Once again Ms. Cong approached me and took out the penis gag while lifting
up my head,
     "What is your new name Barbara?"
     "Please, please, no more, plea...."
     "Tell me your name?"  Ms. Cong was relentless.
     "Bbbbbarbie hhhumper ...."  I finally broke down in tears.
     "That's right, you are Barbie Humper 109, say it clearly and properly, slut
girl!"
     "I....I am, Barbie Huuumper 109."
     "Again and louder, bimbo!"
     "I am Barbie Humper 109, I am Barbie Humper 109, I am..."
     "Enough, shut up now cunt.  Look at you, the once mighty lawyer, nothing
more than a whimpering slave to her new owner.   You are just another piece of
ass in my stable, and my newest slut bimbo.  Yes, soon, very soon, you will be
doing tricks on a street corner for me, but that will be after we have exhausted
your elevator skills."  Madame made an evil laugh.
    
     Madame Cong reinserted the penis gag in my mouth and fully secured it.  She
walked over to one of the three tanks and pressed a button.  I could see the
tube-end, which was forked, into three other tubes.  One of them was filling up. 
The thing sounded like it was pumping.  I could see a white fluid begin to flow
in the clear tube leading to my mouth.
     "This will fatten you up nicely bitch.  Oh don't worry I will control the
others and all of this from my computer.  Isn't that nice of me?"  She tapped on
my belly. "Once you are all fattened up, and have taken all three of these tanks
at intervals in your mouth and stomach, the automatic valve attached to your ass
tube will release and all that shit will move down into the tube and make its
way up into your mouth.  You will be forced to swallow it down and then the
cycle will continue.  We will set the tanks at five-minute intervals for your
forced feeding, and after each period your penis gag with be inflated while you
wait for the next five minutes.  It will be deflated each time a liquid starts
again.  Once you finish all the cycles then the shit cycle begins and can go on
as long as I like. Remember this first tank is soap.  The other one is sperm,
and the last is pussy juice, so enjoy.  Don't forget to swallow, swallow,
swallow, Barbie or you could vomit and die.  You, my little bitch, will never
swear at me again!"
    
     With that Madame Cong instructed the girls to leave the room with her, and
she turned off the lights.  I was alone in the darkness knowing full well that
the liquid was starting to enter my mouth now.  The first cycle was beginning. 
I began to swallow.  I was swallowing for my life now.  I could taste the
bitterness of the soap.  I was beginning to get real cramps in my gut, but I
could not let it out due to the inflated tube in my ass.  Finally the five
minutes were up.  The penis gag inflated in my mouth and I waited for the next
cycle.  I watched carefully as the second pump started up and my penis gag
deflated.  There was a small period of time as the liquid moved up the tube. 
Once it entered in my mouth I started to swallow.  It was salty and kind of
thick.  I knew this would go on for another five minutes.  My forehead was
sweating.  I began to wish I had never crossed or met Madame Cong. 


     The pressure was starting to build in my stomach.  During the third cycle I
could see my tummy was beginning to tighten up some.  I knew it wouldn't be long
before a bulge started.  The third cycle also had some saltiness to it but it
was thinner and sweeter and bitter all at the same time.  My cramps were getting
worse.  Then the cycle stopped and the gag inflated again.  I had to wait for
the next one.  Part of my mind hoped the tanks would be completely emptied so I
could finally get some release, but then the thought of the shit cycle
completely dispensed the idea.  I felt helpless and hopeless as the cycles went
on and on and on and my stomach got bigger and bigger, and tighter and tighter. 
"Oh god, when would it stop!"  I thought.
    
     After a long time the cycles seemed to stop.  "Could it be possible that
the tanks were finished?"  I thought, but only to be disappointed as I heard one
start up again.  I actually needed to push my stomach out to try and relieve
some of the pressure in my belly.  It was getting rock hard and big.  It
extended like a balloon, and still, it went on.  After a while I passed out.
    
    
    
    
     I woke up to the feel of slaps across my face,
     "Wakie, wakie wakie now, Barbie!"  It was Madame Cong, "well, well, well,
you took two hours worth.  Actually it was only about one hour since there were
five minute cycles on and off. Look at you now bimbo.  You look like a giant fat
cow.  Is my fat cow pregnant now!" 
    
     She tapped on my huge, tight belly.  I thought I would explode.  I did look
pregnant now.  She pushed something in the tube and the penis gag deflated and
she removed it from my mouth.
    
     "Ppppplease, no more, pleaaseee!"  I was begging for all I was worth.
     "Well, now Barbie, why don't you say I am a big fat cow, Mistress.  Say it
slut, say it you fucking bimbo!"  She tapped again on my belly.  Her eyes were
vicious, but at this point I would do anything to make it end.
    
     "I emmmm...I am a big fat cow, Mistress."  I hung my head in shame.
     "And you need to give birth don't you slut?"
     "Yyyyes, I need to give birth."
     "Yes, you need to give birth because you are a pregnant fat cow, isn't that
right slut?"  She seemed to love humiliating me.
     "Yyyes, I need to give birth ccccause I am a pregnant fat cow.
     "How about a moo cow?"  She laughed.
     "Moooooooooooooo, moooooooooooo."  I did it as loud as I could.
     "Good girl.  It is time for the shit cycle to begin."
    
     I almost felt relieved that she was finally going to release the stuff, but
I knew what was coming next.  She put the penis gag back into my mouth and
secured it.  She inserted some air pumps into certain regions of the tubes.
     "Don't fear honey this is just to make sure that the centrifugal force does
not give out and the shit keeps rolling around the tubes."  Then she left.
    
       I knew that as soon as this thing started I would be going inside a tube
which would carry it back into my mouth.  I started to sweat even more.   The
waiting seemed to go on forever, but in reality it was only about 10 minutes. 
Apparently the valve had a timer delay mechanism.  Finally I could feel the bulb
in my ass decrease.  The stuff began to pour out of my stomach and flow from my
anus into the tube.  As the laws of gravity took over and my bowel movement
poured out of me, I knew it would just be a matter of time before it all reached
back up into my mouth again.  It was a relief to watch my stomach begin to go
down again and release all the stuff forced into me.  It was like a faucet.  I
never felt myself flowing as much as I was.  Then, the inevitable, it started to
spurt into my mouth, the taste was horrible.  I felt as though I needed to vomit
from the smell and taste, but it was flowing so fast that all I could do was to
swallow the crap and ingest it.  I had never felt so humiliated and disgusted in
my life.  The worst part of it all was that it would eventually make its way
back into my stomach and out again, until much of the liquid was absorbed again
into my system.  In my mind I swore that I would never curse at Madame Cong
again.  The horrible consequences of it convinced me completely.  I was slowly
becoming the dragon lady's slave, at least in my own mind.  I no longer worried
about my job or my ideas of bringing Ms. Cong down, now it was just survival. 
The cycle repeated for at least an hour or more.  I was not sure of time any
more.  My belly would reduce only to find it inflate from the fluids all over
again, so it was like a balloon expanding and contracting over and over again. 
Finally a light came on and Madame Cong came in.  Sherry and Brenda, her slave
enforcers also came in.
    
     "Release her."  Cong commanded.  When I was let go I fell right down to the
floor on my knees and I began to sob. 
     "Well, well, not so high and mighty any more, are we bitch."  Madame was
smiling at her apparent victory over me.  I began to crawl over to her on my
hands and knees of my own free will.  I was making a gesture to my new Mistress
that I was going to obey her.  I even kissed her high heels.
     "Now, we won't have that foul mouth any more shall we, slut?"
     "No, M...mmm...istress."  I stuttered.
     "Good girl.  Now sit up slut.  Stay on your knees and finger your pussy for
me just like the whore you really are.  Show me how you play with yourself at
night, when no one is around.  I'll bet my special perfume made you hot and wet
all week long didn't it slut?"
     "Ye...s, hot and wet Mistress."  I began fingering myself for all I was
worth.  The weird thing about this now was that I was extremely wet and horny. 
Even after all the horror I had just been through.  Just looking at Madame
Cong's beautiful legs and body made me want to play with myself.  Maybe it was
the cleaning out of my body and ass, or the way I felt after the tubes were all
removed, but everything was highly sensitive.  I saw Sherry and Brenda stare
right at me.  As I looked into their eyes I got even hotter.  I began to realize
what a slut I was right in front of them, while I played with myself.
    
     "That's right whore, in and out and up and down.  Go deeper and deeper and
faster and faster.  Show me what a cunt you are!  Take out those tits and play
with them.  I want you to bring your breasts up to your mouth and bite on your
own nipples, that's it, good girl, good little Barbie Humper!"  Madame Cong
began to feel her own wetness growing as she commanded me, "You will make me
plenty of money on the market.  I can see the title now:  Lawyer Turned into A
Slut.  I am filming this even now, my precious slut girl.  You will go to all my
special parties and serve my guests as I see fit.  You will be taken to my
special rooms from my special elevators where you will serve men and women as my
newest elevator humper.  If I tire of you I will put you on the street and pimp
you out.  You will make plenty of money for me, of course, you still need much
training, Barbie Humper 109."
    
     "Please don't put me on the street Mistress!  Oh, yes, I love playing with
myself for you."  I couldn't believe my own ears at what I just said, but this
was survival and lust at the same time now.  Madame Cong had converted me.  How
could this degradation turn me on so much?  I was now thoroughly confused with
my own feelings.
    
     Madame went over to the wall and brought this really huge strap-on dildo
with her.  The strap was made of bright, black leather.  She attached it around
her waist.  She walked over to me,
     "Suck my dick, slut girl.  Suck it and lick it good.  Show me how you take
a cock down that beautiful mouth of yours."
     "No, Mistress, please, I never sucked..." I was slapped.
     "Don't you ever tell me no.  Now suck my cock you worthless whore."  I had
never sucked anything that large before.
    
       "So you never sucked a dick like this?   Well you are going to suck many
before I am through with you, and many, many pussies too."  Madame's eyes were
bulging out as she watched me take the dildo and grasp it between my hands.
     "That's it suck...and lick that shaft!  Get it all nice and wet for your
cunt.  Your pussy is dripping wet.  It is waiting for me to stick it right in
that hole of yours isn't it humper?  Tell me to fuck you.  Tell me to please
fuck your pussy with my cock.  Say it slut girl, say it, bimbo!"
     "Fuck me, please Mistress, please fuck my pussy with your cock."
     "What a slut you are, such a slut.  You were once a big time lawyer Ms.
Young, now you are nothing but a little cock tease.  Fingering yourself for your
new Mistress.  That's right Bimbo Barbie, I own your fucking ass now.  Sit up, I
want you on this cock.  I want you humping it up and down. That's it, get on my
great big dick."  Madame Cong began pushing me up and down on her strap-on
dildo,
     "That's it hump it!  Hump it like you never humped any big cock like it
before!  Hump it for your life slut girl!  Hump it for your life whore!"
    
     I did hump it.  I humped it for all I was worth.  I was having orgasm after
orgasm, the likes of which I never had before.  The more I moved and squirmed
around on the dildo, the more I began to just flow and flow.  Something about my
fluids flowing like that made me more and more horny.  Madame would periodically
tweak my nipples and squeeze my breasts.  She would even put her leather finger
inside my mouth and make me suck on it.  I couldn't stop now even I wanted to. 
My loins we so wet that I was out of control.  New waves of cum juice splashed
all over Mistress Cong's dildo.
     "Enough, slut, enough!"  She threw me down onto my ass.  I immediately
began to finger myself some more,  " I said enough!" I finally stopped.  "We
have much more training for you my newest whore.  Sherry, take her to the
testing receptacle and start further programming on her.  Brenda, once that is
done prepare her for transport to the barn."  I was cleaned off, dressed up, and
ushered out by Sherry and Brenda.
    
    
    
    
     Sherry attached devices on me to gauge my input responses to what was
happening on the computer screen.  I was made to inhale Madame's special
perfumes as I watched the dancing colors and spirals on the monitor.  I was
getting me more and more horny.
     "Now Barbie, just listen to the sweet sounds and voices on the headset and
enjoy your program, that's a girl."  Sherry said.
    
     I could see flashes of animals between the spirals.  Some scenes were
longer than other ones.  The pictures were of women doing animals all sorts of
animals and getting off on them.  For the longest time the headset was just a
relaxing message from Madame Cong, but it started to change,
     "You love to suck anything because you are a slut.  You love to fuck
anything because you are a whore.  Your name is Barbie Humper 109 and you serve
Mistress well.  You love to fuck animals.  They turn you on.  You will fuck
whatever we tell to fuck whenever we tell you to.  Your sole purpose in life now
is to be the best elevator humper that you can be, and that means deep training
with lots and lots of animals, and you love animals slut."
     The message started repeating over and over again.  I was actually
beginning to say what Mistress was saying to me on the headset.  I loved animals
and I needed to fuck them.  That was all I could keep thinking of as I watched
the screen and listened to Madame Cong's beautiful voice,
     "You love to suck anything because you are a slut.  You love to fuck
anything because you are a whore.  Your name is Barbie Humper 109 and you serve
Mistress well.  You love to fuck animals.  They turn you on.  You will fuck
whatever we tell to fuck whenever we tell you to.  Your sole purpose in life now
is to be the best elevator humper that you can be, and that means deep training
with lots and lots of animals, and you love animals slut."  The message went on
and on.
    
    
    
    
     I opened my eyes and found myself inside some kind of tight box.  It was
like a coffin.  I started to scream out but I realized there was a gag in my
mouth.  In fact it was a breathing tube attached to an oxygen supply.  There
were long black straps tied around my entire bottom and locked down to the sides
of the box.  There were cuffs around my hands and ankles that were locked to the
box with chains as well.  There was some tube in my behind.  It was probably for
excrement.  There were also some IV's attached to my arms.  I felt a headset on
my ears playing some soothing music.  Then I heard a voice,
     "Hello, this is Brenda, your journey will take four days so just relax
Barbie."  That was it and I drifted off to sleep.
    
    
    
    
     I was slapped to consciousness,
     "Welcome hump slut, remember me?"
     It was Sherry and she was wearing a real dominatrix type of outfit.  It had
beautiful leather, and her legs wore fish net stockings.  She also had on very
high boots.  She had a crop in her hand.
    
     "Sherry, sherry what...where am I?"  I was chained to a high wooden wall.
     "You will address me as Mistress Towers from now on is that clear humper?"
     "Yes Mistress."  There was no fight left in me for anyone anymore.
     "Good.  We are to continue your training here in the barn."
     "But where are we?"  She slapped me in the face real hard and then flicked
her crop on my thigh.
     "Silence humper.  You do not need to know.  Today we shall begin with the
dogs.  Tomorrow we will start your stamina with the pigs and then finally the
horses.  You have quite a bit of humping to do my precious little lawyer."  She
picked up my chin and smirked at me with contempt.  I think my eyes began to
bulge out of their sockets from what she said.  Strangely though I seemed to get
turned on by the idea.  I wanted to fuck some animals.  I needed to but I did
not know why.
    
     She brought in a really large German Shepherd.  She released me from my
chains,
     "In case you are thinking of escape, you are in a desert.  Also that collar
around your neck can be electrified in a second if anything happens to me here
or if you run.  Now get down on your hands and knees humper, you are about to be
mounted.  You are a bitch in heat and you love it or you will learn to love it." 
She swatted my ass with the crop.  I could feel the dog begin to mount me.  He
must have been trained.  I was about to be fucked by a dog.  Mistress guided him
into my pussy from behind.  He wasn't that big but I felt something strange
inside me.  It was like a bulb or a knot.  I could feel him pumping me deep.  I
was beginning to enjoy it.  It was his knot.  It was glued deep inside of me.  I
had never had such a strange sensation before.
     "That's it humper, you are doing great.  Now shout out for me...I am a
bitch in heat!  Do it humper do it for your Mistress."
     "I ohhhhhheh ehehh I am a bitch in heat.  I am a bitch in heat."
     "And you love to fuck doggies don't you bitch?"
     "And I love to fffuck doggies.  Oh god yes fuck me please fuck me!"  I
began to beg as I rode my new lover, this great big dog."
    
     Mistress brought in more dogs.  There were all different kinds.  Some would
fuck me in my ass and others in my pussy.  It was hard in the ass because she
had to really open me up with her fist and then shove the thing inside me.  The
knot would take over and help me keep it inside.  I was humping and humping. 
After a while I could not stop it was like a reflex.
     "Now see this dog, humper?"
     "Yes Mistress."
     "You will jerk him off with your hands and you will squirt it all over your
face.  I want you to get used to the smell of it all."
    
     I did as she commanded.  There were many dogs, and I got them off either in
my ass or my pussy or my face.  I would pump them with my hands and make them
big and hard.  I longed for all the wet juices to explode all over my face. 
Finally she started making me suck them off with my mouth and put them deep in
my throat,
     "That's it, such a good humper.  Take that big, juicy doggie cock deep down
that slut throat of yours.  Take it nice and deep humper.  You are a bitch in
heat and you need doggie cock.  Fuck and hump that's all you are worth now
Barbie!  Suck that doggie cock!  Make him shoot it all over your mouth and deep
down your throat.  Suck bitch!"  Mistress was so cruel, but I was hotter than
ever.  I enjoyed every minute of those dogs I could hardly stop.  A few weeks
ago I was a hotshot lawyer now I was just a doggie fucker.   Thinking about it
got me even hotter.
    
     "Enough for today slut.  Tomorrow we use the pigs.  Oink, oink, oink!" 
Mistress Towers mocked me and pushed up my nose, "How about a squeal for me just
like a little piggy, come on humper, squeal for me!"
    
     "Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, weeeeeeeeeeeeee!"  I squealed
for her as loud as I could.
     "Such a good humper.  My, my Ms. Young, you'd hardly recognize yourself
anymore, now would you?"  It was more mockery.
     "Nnno....ehhh...no Mistress."
     "Good.  Now you will have bread and water for the night.  You have had
enough protein for one day."
    
     Sherry took me over to some stall and it had some hay in it.  She cuffed
and locked my wrist with a chain to my cuff that attached to a ring inside the
stall.
     "Sleep well now humper.  Nitey nite."  Then she left.
    
    
    
    
     The next day was more of the same only this time with pigs.  She took a pig
and secured it between my legs.  The pig had straps that had rings on them so
other straps could secure them to my inner thighs.  They made an effective pig
harness so the pig would not be able to do much more than fuck me with his cock. 
I never knew how long a pig could fuck.  They can keep going and going many
times over, much more than any other thing I ever fucked in my entire life.  My
pussy was beginning to get worn out by the pig's cock just plunging me in and
out all day long.  She would periodically stop to use another pig and put some
more lubrication in my pussy.  I was not ass fucked by the pigs.
    
     "Such a good little humper.  Now you just let that piggy fuck you all up
nice and deeply.  I am going to teach you a new trick Barbie slut.  You are
going to open your mouth and I am going to sit on your face.  You are to use
that tongue of yours really good humper.  I am going to be humping your face and
mouth and tongue up and down.  You had better do a good job on your Mistress's 
pussy and make me cum!"
    
     Sherry straddled my face and I licked her pussy.  It was the first time I
ever did such a thing with a woman.  I was truly becoming a slut and a whore
now.  I rolled my tongue deep inside her pussy.  Sometimes she would roll her
ass around my face and make me eat that as well.  All the while a pig was
fucking the daylights out of my pussy and shooting all of its hot, steamy load
inside of me.   I could remember Madame's words,
     "Your sole purpose in life now is to be the best elevator humper that you
can be, and that means deep training with lots and lots of animals, and you love
animals slut."
     Just thinking about her words kept me pushing deeper and deeper into the
pig.  I had more orgasms than I ever had in my entire life.  Finally after
another long, grueling day I was put back to my stall.
    
    
    
    
     The next day was to be a special day.  I was going to graduate to something
really big, a horse.
    
     "Are you looking forward to this humper?"  Mistress asked.
     "Yyyyes Ma'am I just want to please you."
     "Well I hope you can.  We are going to try and break some limits here
today.  Today you will get twelve inches and tomorrow a little bit more until we
find your breaking point."
    
     I was taken to another stall where this large stallion was.  He was a
magnificent black horse.
     "Now you are to reach under him here, don't worry he has been trained, and
you will start by jerking him off and making it ever bigger.  I want you to suck
as much into your mouth as you can whore, begin!"
    
     I placed my hand around his huge cock.  It seemed like a little flea in
comparison to it.  I jerked him as hard as I could to get him nice and big.  I
stooped under and began to put my lips around his cock.  I sucked him as much as
I could get it in my mouth.  It was so huge that he could easily rip my teeth
out if I did not do it properly.   It was massive.  I never saw any cock that
big in my whole life.  I wondered how it could even be possible that it could go
inside me.  After servicing him for a while Mistress came back with some ropes. 
She tied me spread eagle underneath him so that my pussy was just far enough
away so that his cock could be pushed inside of me.  I was hanging in the air
above the ground as the ropes tightly wrapped my wrists and legs around the
horse.  It was like I was a saddle underneath him.  She guided him into my
pussy,
    
     "Take it good slut!  You fuck anything I say, and today it is a great big
horsy.  Aren't you such a special girl?  Hump him!  That's it slut.  Take his
huge member deep inside that pussy.  I am going to stretch you out really good
today.  More slut, and deeper.  I want twelve inches inside of that cunt of
yours."
    
     I thought my pussy was going to be ripped apart.  It was the biggest cock I
ever had inside of me.  It was long and thick.
    
     "Owwwweee!!!! Ohhhhh, please Mistress no more.  I can't take any more.  It
is too big.  He is splitting me up inside, pleaseeeee!"  I was begging Sherry to
make it stop.  He was just too huge.
     "No way bitch!  You thought you were so high and mighty in my office, the
great Ms. Young.  Well now you are the great horse-fucking, Ms. Young.  Fuck him
humper!  You better do a good job.  Fuck and hump Barbie slut.  Harder slut! 
Faster and faster and faster!  I want that cunt ripped apart!  Fuck him!  Fuck
that horse like the complete slut you are now!"
    
     "Owwwweeeeeee oowwweeeeeeee!!!! I am going to cummmm mistress
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, no more!  Owwwwwwwwweeee!!!"
    
     I came.  I came like I had never come before in my entire life.  It was
like my whole body became one giant orgasm.  Mistress told me that tomorrow I
was going to shoot for even deeper penetration.  I felt like I was about to pass
out from all of it.  She told me that this cycle of dogs, pigs, and horses was
going to be repeated for a few weeks.  I could only babble in agreement.
    
    
    
    
     (One month later in Tokyo)
    
    
     I pressed the button for the lobby floor from inside the elevator.  Once
there the doors opened.  A couple stepped inside.  They weren't all interested
in the special floor so I had to be discerning. 
     "Hi what floor please?"  I spoke while I bowed.
     "Floor twelve."  The gentleman said, "We are here for the special
accommodations."
     After he said that I knew it was a go.
     "Your name, please?"  The lady asked me.
     "My name is Barbie Humper 109, and I am completely at your service. 
Whatever your prefer.  In elevator or to special hall I am at your disposal."
     I bent over to lift up my skirt and show them my ass.  The woman lifted up
her skirt to reveal a strap-on dildo.  The man slapped my ass once.
     "You will stop at the twelfth floor.  We do elevator thing in here."  The
man said.
     "Yes sir."  I responded.  I thought about how far I had come, and how my
sole purpose in life was to be the best elevator humper that I could be.
    
The End

Comments Send to Jackpot At
Hotstorm39@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





