BDSM Library - Social Security Slut




Social Security Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Turning down a customer can be very degrading and painful as Stacie is about to find out.
Social Security Slut
by
Jackpot

All the usual disclaimers.  You must be over 18 to read this.  This story is
pure fantasy. You have been warned. This is for adults only!


I have been forced to tell you my story. It is painful when I am permitted to
think clearly, but Jackie feels it is best this way. It was a very hard night,
and so many people flooded the office that day. It was late and I was the only
one left in the office. My name is Stacie Erickson, and I used to work at the
Social Security Center. Anyway, that evening I was getting ready to close up. I
was still putting away things from my desk when a Black woman and a Chicano
woman strolled into the place. The black woman was dressed in a very tight red
outfit. The stretches in the fabric were evident. Her friend was dressed similar
but with an iridescent green dress. They both showed off their cleavage. They
looked like sluts to me.

"Hi, my name is Jackie and my friend here is Maria and we would like to get
social security cards if possible?" The black woman asked.

"Well, you will just have to come back another day. I am tired and can't deal
with you right now. Do you think it is that easy to get a card? I am closing
right now!" I snapped back at her. It was the worst mistake of my life

"Well, den we will just have to help you close up bitch, won't we, Maria." She
said to me while looking at her friend.

"What the hell did you call me?" I said.

"Chi call chu a bitch whitey." Maria said. Suddenly Jackie took out a knife and
waved it in front of my face and then stabbed it into my desk. I was horrified
and in a state of shock. I got real quiet and scared.

"Now, you just sit your white, bitch ass down for us, now!" Jackie screamed. I
sat right down.

"Look, if you want a security card I can do it real quickly. I promise, just,
please don't hurt me." I looked at her with cowering eyes.

"Dats not what you said a minute ago bitch!" Jackie said with eyes staring right
through me.

"Now shut da fuck up! Your nameplate says Ms. Erickson, well Ms Erickson, when
was da last time you picked your fucking nose?" She stuck her two fingers up my
nose, and then quickly pulled them out. I couldn't believe it.

"That should loosen up some of dat snot, now pick your nose for us Ms.
Erickson!"

"What?" I said crying.

"Chu hear her, pick jur fucking nose whitey!" Maria commanded.

"Do it now you snotty bitch, pick dat nose!" Jackie yelled out.

I was so scared. I began to slowly stick my index finger up my right nostril.

"Dats it, go deeper now. I want to see some nice fresh snots all over your
fingers; and don't forget da other side. Dig in dare slut!" I began to pick my
nose furiously, pulling out snots that I could never have conceived of doing.
What were they doing to me? Meanwhile Maria took out a camera and was taking
snap shots of me.

"That's it chu bitch, smile for the camera whitey." She said. I had snot all
over my fingers, and it was very wet from all the crying.

"Now, I want you to eat it, eat it all, bitch!" Jackie said while tapping on the
knife. I thought I was going to puke all over the place. I began to lick my
fingers and the palms of my hands. I was taking in all of my snots. I was eating
snot. I was so degraded. Meanwhile the flashes kept going off as Maria shot
pictures of me eating my own snot.

"Ms. Erickson, stick out your tongue for me!" Jackie commanded. I pushed it out.

"Not too impressive, but we will just have to train you to do it better." She
began to fondle my tongue with her fingers. She was manipulating it and
stretching it. She pulled it out as far as it would go. It really hurt.

"Now pretend my finger is a big, juicy, cock. Suck on it bitch, eat it, lick it
up and down, suck on it you bitch!" Jackie continued to play with my tongue. I
was slurping on her fingers and sucking on them. She looked down at my pink
skirt. She knew I was getting wet. I was losing control. These two bitches we
taking control of my mind and body. I had never felt so wet before. Even my
nipples were getting erect under my yellow blouse and white bra.

"Dats enough, bitch, but you will learn to use it better if you are going to be
in my stable." "Her stable? What did she mean?" I thought.

"Now, you white piece of shit. I have an important task for you slut. What is
your name bitch?" "St...t....acie." I choked out.

"Well, Stacie, my whore, I want you to pull up all da information about your own
social security card on da computer right now!" She exclaimed. I became real
scared, what was she going to do?

"Do it now bitch. I know you have access to it, now don't make me wait or I will
make you eat even worse things!" She looked at me and I was terrified. I
complied and pulled up the screen, all my information was right there. My proof
that I had a security card. Everything was right there in front of her.

"Great, my little slut. Now delete everything." Be sure to leave no trace of Ms.
Erickson.

I froze. I just couldn't do it. My whole life flashed before me.

"Do it chu bitch!" Maria shouted while pulling back on my hair. I started crying
and then deleted everything. I no longer had a number except for the card in my
wallet.

"That's a good girl." Maria stroked my hair.

"Now take out your card Slut!" Jackie yelled. I took it from the wallet in my
purse.

"Yummy, doesn't dat look so good, so inviting you white trash. You must be so
hungry looking at it. Now eat it bitch and swallow it down dat white, slut,
throat of yours, do it now!" She screamed.

I slowly placed the card in my mouth and crunched on it.

"Dats it, chew it, chew it good because it is going right down your throat. Dats
it, dats it, now swallow all of it whore, swallow it down."

I swallowed it. It scratched my throat a bit but I had eaten my own social
security card. It was like I never had one now. I was crying, and felt lost.

"Well now you know what it is like not to have a social security card just like
us. What is your boss' name?" She asked.

"Mr. Bartel." I said

"Well now I have a real treat for you. You will tell your boss dat you can no
longer keep your position because you lied on your application about your social
security card and never had one. You will write me a fantastic resume and offer
me as your job replacement. Once all dis is settled, and I have your job and you
are fired, you will come to dis office three days later and apply for a social
security card. Now da shoe is on da other foot. How does it feel, slut!" And she
slapped my face.

"Now I own your little white ass, and you will do whatever da fuck I say, or
dose pictures will be sent everywhere. By da way, get started making social
security cards for my friend and me. Do it now slut Stacie!"

In a little more than a have hour my life was destroyed and I became hers. She
would soon turn me into her little, slut-whore; a fuck-toy for her amusement.
She would become the boss and I was now the whore. I had no social security
card, and she even made me get rid of my college record and high school diploma
as well. I would become a slut on the street for her...

"Hump!" Jackie said.

It is funny I can't remember much anymore, Oh, God, my pussy is hot, I have to
finger it...

Yeah, dats right bitch, now y'all listen here to me. The next thing I made her
do was to write so'um on da computer a hundred times without stopping...

"Okay Ms. Erickson, now dat you know who's boss around here, I want you to type
on da screen dat I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on da streets being
pimped by my Mistress Jackie. Do it slut and one hundred times!!! If you stop
even for just the slightest break I will slap your face silly, now get to work
my little, white whore!"

It was amazing how fast she could type but at da beginning she was one nervous
pig.

"I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on the streets being pimped by my
Mistress Jackie"

"Faster, slut!"

"I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on the streets being pimped by my
Mistress Jackie.

I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on the streets being pimped by my
Mistress Jackie.

I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on the streets being pimped by my
Mistress Jackie.

I am a slut, and I will bring in good money on the streets being pimped by my
Mistress Jackie..."



The strange thing about it was dat after about fifty times or so she began to
become glued to da screen, like it was some hypnotic swirl or so'um like dat. I
could see the intensity in her eyes as she went faster and faster and by da time
she was done I just new she was mine forever. She responded like a slut and sort
a forgot who she really was, so I decided to take a chance at planting a few
trigger phrases for her. I did dis so I could control the bitch anytime I wanted
to. I learned most of da ideas from my brother Ben who was in da college at dat
time. He had been studying some psyche shit and hypnosis.

"Turn around and look at me bitch!"

"Chu heard her whitey!" Maria said.

"Stand up! Now, what are you?"

"I am a slut, and I will bring..." I cut her off.

"Dats enough! You are my slut and you belong to me now, you little cunt. I am
your Mistress, now what am I?"

"Y...you are m...my Mistress."

"Fidgety aye, bitch! Now, whenever I say da word hump, you will immediately
forget who you are and be ready to fuck anything for me. But whenever I say da
word girlie

you will become perfectly normal again and remember all that has happened to
you.

Is dat clear slut?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Now, Girlie!" I gave her da word. Her eyes, which were glazed, appeared to
become normal again.

"Please, please let me go, I won't tell anyone, just let me leave..."

"Fuck you bitch, you belong to me now--take off dat blouse and play with dose
titties of yours. Maria get ya camera ready.

"Oh, my camera is ready for chu bitch!"

"Go on play with dem!"

"b...b..but, pl...ease, don't...no...." Stacie cried out.

"Chu play with those now slut!" Maria said.

And so she did. Rubbing her fingers all over da white bra and rollin dem around
for us like a whore on da street. She was hot and wet, I could tell she would
make me good money.

"Now, play with dat pussy, put your hand in dere and fondle your love juices,
cunt, in and out, just like a slut, make yourself come for me."

"ah, ohhhhhh, ah, please, no, I ca.....ahhhhhh...." She was beginning to grind.

"Stupid white trash whore, chu dumb bitch, playing with it in front of us, you
little slut, come all over your fingers cunt!" Maria was getting hot herself at
watching it.

I took out a huge strap-on dildo from my bag. It was long and fat and black.

"Okay Ms. High and Mighty, get down on your fucking knees and lick it and you
better do a great job. I want ya to lick it and suck it like da slut you are and
you know you will love it cunt!"

"Oh, no, pleazze, mphhht." She could say notin' as I plunged it in her mouth
deeper and deeper.

"Chu slut, suck it, lick the head like the white shit you are, smile whitey!"
Maria clicked some more.

"Okay dats enough slut, now sit down and tell deese people about the rest of
your story, I'm tired of all dis typing. You can remember it all now, girlie

. Do it bitch!"



Jackie decided to take me out and buy me some things on my own credit cards. I
needed good "slut outfits" as she liked to call them. We stopped at a hot
lingerie shop and also a teenage clothing store which sold many outfits that
looked slutty. She was going to dress me like a whore.



"My white bitch here needs some help, maybe you could dress her up slutty
because dats da way she likes it, but she ain't able to do it herself." Jackie
said.

The girl came over to me,

"Is that true Ms?"

I knew I had to obey Jackie. I was in no position to do anything and I was
terrified of her.

"Y...yes, I need to be d...d...dressed like a s....slut." I said choking out the
words.

"Well then, this way bitch!" The girl's tone suddenly changed and became
authoritative.

She forced me into clothing that was too small for me so I could show off my
body,

"This will show off that tight, little ass of yours. Look at you, you look like
nothing but a slut in that outfit, you will buy that one and all these too!" The
girl said.

Finally, after so much humiliation, Jackie said we needed to go to a sex shop.
Once there, she made me buy a dog collar, and leash, and a vibrator and butt
plug. The way I was now dressed everything just seemed to fit perfectly. She
placed the vibrator inside my panties and secured it there and turned it on
while it was deep inside my pussy. Then she took the butt plug and shoved it up
my ass. She did this in front of everyone in the sex shop.

"Let's go bitch!" And she collared me and took my leash.

"Look at you tryin' to walk, can't can you? You slut, with your pussy and cunt
filled, it is like you are walking with bricks up your ass." She then laughed
and we headed back to my apartment for a brief period of time.

On my own computer she made me draw up documents and letters making her take my
job away and making me resign. Even my apartment was no longer mine. She took
everything away from me and kept all my credit cards. I had nothing.

"Now you belong to me slut! And you are about to see how da other half lives.
Remember you will work for me in da streets and you better make good money for
me

whore! And after three days you come to da agency and apply for a Social
Security Card. Got dat bitch!" She pulled me by the hair.

"Ah, owwwe, y...yes.!" I screamed.

She took me out on my leash and took me to the sleaziest part of town and took
me in front of this fat wino, he was ugly, with pot marks on his face. I wanted
to vomit.

"Now, slut, take him to the alley and give him a blow-job, tell him dis one is
on da house and to tell everyone that Slut Stacie is in town. Do it cunt!"

I walked up to him, he was so vile looking.

"P....please, s...sir, please let me give you a b...b..low job. It is on the
house. I want everyone to know that Slut Stacie is in town." I was holding back
my tears as I took his hand and we walked to the alley. I was surprised to see
Jackie following me there.

"Good bitch, now take down his pants and fuck his prick with your mouth. Do it
cunt! Do it like I taught you!" Jackie commanded.

"Y...yes. M...m....mistress."

I took off his belt and unzipped his pants. It was disgusting. He had this fat,
ugly dick that was bent over to one side. I took it in my mouth and stroked it
up and down with my fingers, feeling ashamed and humiliated at my own wet pussy
starting to flow. I didn't know how or why this ugly man and gross dick could
possible turn me on. I sucked him until he shot his load into my throat and then
all over my face. I had truly become a whore for Jackie. Yet, even as I was
finishing him off he got hard again, I was puzzled at this.

"Well bitch, you just gonna have da fuck him now." Jackie said. But I could
never fuck him. And then for some strange reason I did. It was just after she
said something to me, but I cannot remember what it was. It was like what she
said set my pussy on fire and I was humping him for all I was worth and I could
not stop. He "popped my cherry" as Jackie put it and shot everything he had deep
inside me.

"Now go make me da money bitch. Remember three days. Get to it slut!"

Jackie turned and walked away, taking the leash with her but keeping my collar
on me. I was so horny and wanted to fuck everything in sight. I can't to this
day ever understand why I was so hot. I had become the prostitute she wanted me
to become. I was Jackie's whore, making tons of money for her on the streets. I
don't know how much I made, since it was all for my Mistress. But in three days
I went to my former place of employment as she instructed me to do.

"High there girlie, can I help you?" I snapped out of a daze. I was suddenly
aware of how I was dressed again. It was mortifying. I wanted to run out of
there instantly but for some reason I did as she said,

"P...p....please, Ma'am, may I apply for a social security card?" I was almost
cowering away from her gaze.

"Well if it isn't Ms. Erickson. Look at you now, bitch, nothing but a slut
dressed like a street whore. Did you make da money for me whore?" Jackie asked
with a sinister smile.

"Y...yes Ma'am." I took the money out of my tiny purse.

"Two thousand!" Her eyes lit up. "You really must love to suck and fuck aye
bitch!" She started to laugh. "Now what am I going to do with you Slut Stacie,
perhaps you need a good hump."

"Good girl, you wrote da word for me bitch, now tell all our friends what
happened next."



Jackie has just made me type that word, but it is weird, every time I see it or
hear it, it gets me so horny, even now as I type this. She says that I started
playing with my pussy when she said that word at the social security office. She
says that I put on a show for everyone with my fingers and my vibrator already
inside my pussy. Even my former boss was amazed at he looked at me in shock and
said "Stacie what has happened to you girl. Look at you! My God, you are just a
common whore. How could I have ever been tricked into hiring you before? And you
want a social security card, get out of this office this instant!"



Jackie says that I left and walked the streets until she came for me. Oh, God, I
am humping my pussy up and down in this chair now as I write...

"Dats enough girlie." She has just told me to write that and she is whispering
in my ear what to write next...



"Dats my good little slut, remember this is going to everyone you ever knew and
all over the net too, everyone is going to know how Jackie turned Stacie
Erickson from a social security clerk into a social security slut, and my
fuck-toy forever. Enough typing, now, how much more money you gonna make me on
da streets bitch?"

The End



Copyright (c) 2001

By
Jackpot

Comments-send to Jackpot at
Hotstorm39@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





