BDSM Library - A Russian Sex Spy Recruited




A Russian Sex Spy Recruited
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How Women are found and trained to serve mother Russia.
Russian Sex Spy Recruited

BY- areacode613@HOTMAIL.COM

Back in the days of the cold war, spying was the most interesting of games.
Mikhail Gorbenov played his part, as all good Russians must. . Mikhail was
involved with Soviet mind control experiments. His job; to train the female
agents that were sent around the world, to entrap the men of power, bringing all
the secrets home to mother Russia.

It is marvelous to work for the USSR; it makes some things very easy to get. For
Mikhail it was the "getting" of females, women with the necessary talents, those
worth training. He needed girls who looked good, and acted bad. This turned out
to be not as hard as you might think.

Summer at USTA Military Camp brought all the promising college age adults from
Moscow. Men's compound on one side, Women's on the other. Mikhail's special
agents were recruited from this Camp. He had a small apartment at the end of the
camp, in the works garage. No one new it was there, no signs, and mostly
undergrounds. He was considered by all concerned to be maintenance staff. The
head matron was one of the few, who knew his real occupation.

Mikhail had designed the camp. It had a very open concept. It was a tree-less,
well-lit plain, well patrolled by staff. No places to hide from watchful eyes.
But one area had been designed opposite to this theme. It had been set up as the
perfect place to hide. Just the sort of place sex starved Cadets would seek out.
It was the Garbage and Waste building, and it stunk. It stunk so much the staff
refused to go anywhere near it. Each day a new group of future soldiers, were
punished with garbage duty. Once in the shed it was apparent that it was a maze
of bins and barrels, with all the privacy that the stench provided. It wasn't
long before these punished cadets figured out other uses for such a place.

At ten o'clock the camp staff was at officer's mess, the camp considered bedded
down for the night. The only lights visible were from the mess, and the stinking
building. All was quiet. All except the odd little commotion in the garbage
shed. In the maintenance shop basement, Mikhail had his residential quarters
.His living room was a bank of twenty- 12"x 12" Sony color monitors. Here he
spent his evenings watching his closed circuit TV's. It would start soon. He
would open a beer, and sit and watch, and be rewarded. Not many were chosen, but
some "WERE."

Tonight was bound to be excellent; the soldiers in training had been out on
maneuvers, away from camp for days. The women touring hospitals, the men, woods
survival training.

One of the monitors motion sensors flashed red, drawing Mikhail's attention. A
man was sneaking into the building, soon more red flashes as a woman entered
from another entrance, they were moving towards each other. They met in the same
place, the barrel storage room, Mikhail zoomed in, putting his headphones on, he
was now a fly on "that", wall.

He had seen this girl before, and she was of high potential, aggressive, and
always picking men she could easily control and dominate. Tonight was no
different; it was Dimetry Diminovich, the shy tall, lanker from b squad. The
girl, Nadia, was tall, big, buxom, Large breasts, and strong, but she was also
very sexually driven. This was the reason she had been tagged as "of interest"
to Mikhail, and tonight would be her deciding night.

" Have you missed me Dimetry" she pouted to the lanky male pressed with his back
to the wall? He was very shy, Just shaking his head that he had. " I was afraid
you wouldn't come" as she said this she moved towards him, his eyes went wide as
she approached. He really didn't know what to expect, he had heard rumors, but
now he was about to find out. Her lips met his forcefully, and with the speed
and dexterity of an athlete she pulled at his belt, unzipping his fly, and
entering his trousers. Dropping to her knees, She pulled the lads pants down in
one smooth motion. Mikhail new now what had sealed Dimetry's fate, this lad was
hung likes a horse. "The boys were right about you" King of the shower room, you
are, Dimetry!" She ran her tongue up and down his thick pink shaft, then tried
to force the whole thing down her throat.

Mikhail could see how much she enjoyed this, the muscles in her neck enlarged
and taut, she wanted "this" cock, wanted to devour it, and devour she did.
Faster and faster she bobbed on his dick, the loud glump, glump, glump of her
gagging throat is all he could hear. One hand in her own skirt, stroking faster
and faster. The boy stood stark, still, letting her take him, eyes shut tight,
part fear, part passion, she was in no waiting mood, she was ready to cum and
wanted his cum, too. Mikhail could see her hips begin to buck as she started
towards her climax, her hand squeezed at the boys balls, he too, started to
move, her other hand disappeared behind the lad, she buried his shaft deep in
her throat. He began to thrash eyes open wide. He was Cumming, the feel of her
finger intruding into his butt, was making him feel very scared. Nadia had
dreamed of his warm spunk spurting into her mouth. Dimetry was trying to pull
out with all his strength. He was in a panic, bucking to free himself. Nadia was
determined to taste what she could. Huge spurts of semen propelled by fear and
lust, squirted into her waiting mouth. She caught all but the last spurt; it
hitting her top lip as he bounded out the door.

Nadia fell back grinning, dress up about her waist, Wet, cunt open, and exposed.
Mikhail watched as she groaned and pushed her finger up and down her slick
opening Gasping, then suddenly stopping, frozen in orgasm, letting it seep
through her.

Mikhail had made his decision, he pressed the switch that locked the doors,
keeping Nadia in the garbage building, and keeping everyone else out. He called
the matron to meet him in the garbage building basement. "I have a new recruit
Matron," "I'm on my way Mikhail" This was a prize better than expected.

He made his way to the basement tunnel, arriving to find Nadia composed, and
pleading that she had been locked in while bringing the trash. Yes she was
indeed a smart girl. "Of course you did, follow me please" he said loudly.

When they arrived in the basement, the Matron was their waiting, slight grin on
her face, "well, well, I should have guessed." Mikhail sat Nadia down roughly in
an armchair, holding her while Matron bound both forearms to the chair." Shall
we get started Mikhail" Matron could not wait to begin. This was the agreement
she and Mikhail worked under. He got what he wanted, and Matron got first night
rights. It worked out so well for all concerned.

Matron re-wound the tape of Nadia blowing the soldier in the garbage building.
It began to play back on the screen in front of them; the Matron stood looking
down at the now naked girl. Nadia's eyes went wide as she watched herself devour
the young man, on the TV. Matron reached down and pinched the girl's nipples
"look her tits are aroused, she gets horny watching herself suck cock." Nadia
began to blush scarlet red. "It's a little too late for that you little slut"
the Matron chuckled.

Mikhail approached the chair; the Matron unbuttoned his pants. His huge thick 8"
cock sprang forth. Neither the Matron nor Nadia could take their eyes off it. It
was so thick and veined, neither had seen any that would be called better. Its
head like a huge purple plum, his testicles tight, dark and wrinkled like rhino
skin. Matron stroked it slowly back and forth; her hand not able to encircle it
completely, a big drip forming on the slit of the purple headed monster. With
her other hand she wiped the clear fluid off, catching a large thick drip with
her index finger, she held it up to the light like a jewel for all to see, then
brought her hand down, wiping it expertly across Nadia's upper lip.

Matron was enjoying humiliating this fresh, new slut, Nadia didn't know what to
do, she had never been treated like this before. The salty scent of this strange
mans pre-cum, damp on her lip, filled her nostrils, first frowning, repulsed,
but now causing her to swoon, almost wetting her with the passion his musky odor
awakened.

The matron tapped her finger on the TV screen, it was a side shot, showing Nadia
impaling her self on the soldiers penis, her hand furiously pushing her finger
up his ass, as he squirmed to get away " such passion my dear, KGB will be very
happy to have you." Matron began removing her own uniform, soon she was naked, A
big bear of a women, attractive, large round breasts, and huge hairy mound, the
first Nadia would taste. Matron rubbed her nipples as she looked down at Nadia's
nakedness strapped to the wooden arms of the chair. She grabbed hold of her by
each ear as she thrust her furry crotch, up against the girl's face. Nadia was
to aroused to fight, she let herself be drawn into the women, she felt her arms
being unfastened. She was being pushed to the floor, Matron kneeling over her
face, pinning down her head. Mikhail was Licking Nadia, forcing his tongue deep
into her, and flicking her clit forcefully, over and over. She began to feel the
first waves of orgasm. Matron rubbing her engorged clit on Nadia's slick face,
where would it end, she didn't want to think anymore, just let them use her.

On and on the lovemaking went; she found herself stretched out on Matron,
grinding with her, pussy to pussy, mouth to mouth. Pumping, rubbing, Matrons
tongue searching deep in her mouth. She tried to scream as Mikhail's huge
sausage like prick entered her ass, but she was Cumming, each painful burning,
stroke in her ass was answered with a wonderful grinding contraction with
Matron. She was completely engulfed with the pleasure, she felt the warm moist
spurts signaling Mikhail's Cumming, heard his grunts, mixed with Matrons moans,
and her own sobs of delight. "I'm CUMMING she heard herself scream, every
painful thrust up her ass, forced more words from her mouth, she had never felt
like this, abused, humiliated, but completely ecstatic, huge waves of mind
shattering contractions went through her sensitive body. Her writhing matching,
the undulations, both below and above her. " I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming, over and
over she screamed it out. Soon she fell back weeping with exhaustion.

As she lay resting on the floor, she heard her voice playing back over the TV. "
I'm CUMMING.... I'M CUMMING" She slowly opened her eyes, they had taped her, she
was screaming out her joy, Mikhail, pounding his huge meat into her waiting
willing ass, Matrons face, contorted in pleasure, below her. Nadia was ashamed
watching herself on the TV., but excited and wanting it to continue. Matron was
dressing, " don't worry Nadia, you will have more of this than any girl could
imagine, You are about to become one of Mikhail's **spy sluts** Get some sleep
my dear, tomorrow you will begin your, real training.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mike fallon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





