BDSM Library - Jane's Willing Sex Toy




Jane's Willing Sex Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Watching each other masturbate leads to hot lesbian sex for two Air Force roommates.
Jane's Willing Sex Toy

by Brenda & Helen


I never knowingly had lesbian tendencies - not until I joined the US Air Force
and started sharing a dorm room with a hot 22-year old girl who was an incurable
masturbatrix. We both arrived on base within a month of each other, Jane
arriving first.

I discovered her passion for playing with her pussy when I came in a little
early from the day shift and caught Jane stretched out on her bunk in just her
panties. That was not unusual as we both usually wore nothing but panties in our
room. But she had one hand inside her panties and was rubbing her pussy and
whimpering softly as she squirmed with pleasure on the bed.

We stared at each other, both of us shocked by my walking in and 'catching her
out' like that. But Jane's hand didn't pause a moment, and she began to pant
heavily. I watched in shocked awe, realizing that she was on the verge of
orgasm. A moment later she moaned softly and stiffened with pleasure.

Afterwards, Jane apologized, confessing that she was a masturbation freak who
couldn't leave her pussy alone. She said she longed for a room to herself so she
could masturbate to her heart's content, rather than having to wait till I was
out of the room. I confessed that I played with myself a lot also and
sympathized with her wish for privacy. As neither of us were entitled to a
private room, I told Jane I didn't mind her playing with herself in front of me.

I blushed deeply and immediately regretted what I had said, afraid that she
would think I was a lesbian. Jane blushed also, asking if I was sure, saying it
had been a bigger turn on for her coming off in front of me.

My own blushes deepened as I replied that I wasn't a lesbian or anything, but
that I had become hot and wet my panties watching her bring herself to orgasm.
When Jane suggested that it might be a big turn on masturbating together in
front of each other, I found myself agreeing.

I stripped down to just my panties, both aroused and embarrassed by the fact
that she was watching my every move. I stretched out on my bunk and stared over
at her on her bunk. She smiled and moved her hand back inside her panties. I
watched her for a moment then moved one hand inside my own panties, surprised at
how wet and sticky my pussy was. Watching and being watched increased both our
pleasure, and we came to soft whimpering orgasms. I lay in the after glow of my
climax and watched as she got up and removed her panties, wiping her pussy with
them before tossing them onto her bunk. She went into the bathroom and showered,
and I watched as she dressed for duty on the evening shift.

Jane is not particularly attractive, but she has a beautiful ass, and a thick,
dark pubic bush. I was shocked at my own thoughts, but wondered what her pussy
would be like to lick and suck! I shocked myself even more when I stared at her
dirty panties laying on her bunk, the thought of sniffing and sucking on the
come drenched crotch entering my mind.

Jane hurried off to work, thanking me for the pleasure she had found in our
mutual masturbation session, adding she really creamed her panties heavily. I
had been trying to resist my thoughts about her dirty panties, but Jane
mentioning them made me irresistibility hot for them.

I lay on my bunk for a long moment, wondering what was coming over me. Although
I had just cum, I was still hot and aroused - over Jane's pussy! My pulse raced
fast as I rose, pulled my soaked panties off and crossed the room to stretch out
on Jane's bunk. My pulse pounded as I picked her panties up and sniffed the
soggy crotch. I closed my eyes and inhaled the strong scent of her cunt as I
imagined laying with my head between her thighs. I moved one hand to my pussy
and teased myself as I enjoyed my first lesbian fantasy.  The still heavy scent
of her pussy made my wild fantasy seem so real, and as I was building towards
orgasm, I began to suck on the wet crotch, tasting her pussy by proxy.

My orgasm left me panting and gasping, and I rubbed her nylon panties all over
my face, wanting her scent on me. I savored the taste of her pussy in my mouth,
completely unashamed about what I had done. I had sucked her dirty panties off
and knew if I had the chance that I would suck her pussy and lick her Jane cream
all up. I felt so dreamy and it was quite some time before I opened my eyes and
discovered the long brown 'streak marks' where her panties had ridden up between
her sexy ass cheeks. I thought for a moment and decided that I didn't have her
streak marks in my mouth when I was sucking on her panties. Not that I was
repulsed by them. I found them incredibly sexy!

I pressed the brown marks against my nose and inhaled deeply, thrilled by the
scent of her ass. I was going to play with myself yet again and suck on her skid
marks! I wanted to wallow in her scent and taste. Trembling with hot arousal, I
got up and went through Jane's dirty laundry bag, removing three pairs of dirty
panties and three pairs of tights.

Stretching back out on Jane's bed, I began to sniff the foot portion of her
tights, excited by the scent of her feet. I began to masturbate, slowly teasing
myself as I sucked the sweaty foot portion of each pair of tights. My mouth was
filled with the funky taste of her feet, but I loved it!

Having sucked all the 'flavor' out of her tights, I began to examine her dirty
panties. My tummy quivered with hot lust as I discovered that two of them had
heavy skid marks in them. I stopped rubbing my pussy, wanting to concentrate
entirely on sucking clean the skid marks in the heaviest stained panties. I put
her dirty panties in my mouth and soaked them with my saliva. As I sucked hard
on them, I thought about running my tongue up and down Jane's dirty ass crack
and her leaving brown skid marks on my tongue!

I felt so hot, and sucked on Jane's panties until the heavy skid marks were
gone. I sucked on the crotch of the other two pairs of panties where they had
come into contact with her pussy, my fingers working on my clit again. As I
neared orgasm, I sucked wildly on the skid marks in the other pair of panties.
Afterwards I felt thoroughly satiated, and drifted off to a deep sleep, Jane's
dirty taste strong in my mouth.

I didn't wake up until Jane came back from work and shook my shoulder, remarking
it looked like I had a real orgy while she was gone. It took a long moment to
fully realize that I was laying naked in her bed with her dirty tights and
panties scattered all about me.  Lesbianism is not tolerated by the Air Force,
and I was terrified that Jane would report me. I was speechless and afraid to
look her in the eyes, turning onto my tummy and burying my face in her pillow.

I waited for her to tell me how disgusted she was, but there was only silence.
After a long moment, I felt her weight on the bed and then gasped as she lay on
top of me, her naked flesh pressing against mine. She softly asked if I was a
lesbian. I told her no, that I had never thought much about sex with another
girl. Jane said she never had lesbian sex either, but fantasized about it all
the time. I was elated by her words and confessed what I had done with her dirty
lingerie. She gasped softly when I told her how I had sucked on her streak
marks.

Jane ground her naked pussy against my naked ass and reminded me that I would be
kicked out of the Air Force if she told my commander about my perverted passion
for sucking on her dirty shitty panties. She said she would keep my secret,
providing I became her slave - her sex toy!

I really didn't have a choice - not that it mattered, for I was thrilled at her
words.  I told Jane how hot I was at the thought of being her sex slave, and
that I would lick her dirty ass and even taste her shit. Jane licked my inner
ear hotly and said she was going to take me into the bathroom and make me prove
my words.

We got up and I followed her into the bathroom. Jane sat on the toilet and
parted her legs wide, moving one hand between them and caressing her pussy.
Whimpering, I knelt before her and actually licked cunt for the first time. Her
pussy was so wet and sticky and gooy, and I whimpered hotly as I rubbed my face
in it. Jane said she was hot to make me do really dirty things for her and asked
if I was going to obey her and cater to her nasty lesbian desires. I tongued her
gaping pussy passionately and swore I would obey her every desire and told her I
wanted her to be nasty with me.

Jane said she had a belly full of piss and asked if I was hot to become her
piss-mouth bitch. I realized what her intentions were and replied by pressing my
open mouth against her crotch. My  pulse raced wildly as  he held my head firmly
between her legs and grunted and strained. She seemed to relax and suddenly my
mouth and face was flooded with her hot piss. I  gulped several mouthfulls and
trembled with wild arousal as I felt her warm salty-tasting pee stream down my
neck onto my naked tits. Jane clutched my head tightly, moaning as she climaxed
and pissed into my willing mouth. Without even touching myself, I came also!

I licked Jane's thighs and pussy clean afterwards, telling her that I was her
piss-mouth bitch and toilet slave. She said I was her filthy toilet slut and was
going to go all the way with me and give me what I really wanted - her sweet
shit. She grunted and passed a turd and I went wild with hot lust as the strong
scent of her shit filled my nose. I begged her to make me her shit-mouth bitch
and let me lick her asshole and taste her shit. Jane stood up and turned around.
She bent over and I eagerly parted her firm ass cheeks wide, my clit itching
with lust as I stared at her brown shit-covered anus. I licked her asshole, the
bitter taste of her shit making me whimper with hot lust.

Jane told me to lay down on the floor if I wanted to really become her
shit-mouth bitch. I obeyed instantly, not fully aware of her intentions.  The
tile floor was cold but I felt like I was on fire.  She squatted over my face
and I stared up at her ass crack and asshole. She reminded me that I had begged
to be her shit-mouth bitch, and she was going to see if I really meant it; that
she was going to shit in my mouth!

I was shocked and repulsed and yet thrilled by her words and laved her asshole
with my tongue. Jane panted with lust and arousal and I whimpered as I felt her
anus expand against my tongue. I probed my tongue into her distended anus and
touched the firm softness of Jane's turd. My pussy was on fire and I opened and
closed my thighs repeatedly to relieve the sexy itch as I withdrew my shit
coated tongue and opened my mouth.

I heard Jane grunt and suddenly felt her hot, steamy turd push into my mouth. As
if following a natural passage, it pushed into the back of my mouth and throat.
I relaxed my throat and splayed my thighs wide, making my cunt gape open as her
turd slid further down my throat. Having found a passage, it slithered down into
my gullet and I began to tongue and lick Jane's asshole and cry with emotional
passion.

She took me back to her bunk and we lay on our sides facing each other in a head
to tail position, our legs splayed wide to reveal our gaping cunts to each
other. We embraced each other's hips and I glued my mouth to her slippery cunt.
A moment later I whimpered against her as I felt her mouth against me, licking
and tasting pussy for the first time. Our hips hunched each other's mouths
frantically and we came within moments of each other, my creamy orgasm in her
mouth sparking off hers.

Each of us savored every precious drop of girl come and we wallowed in the taste
and scent of cunt during our after-glow. We tucked our heads firmly between each
other's thighs, our naked bodies pressed close, and drifted off to sleep, the
scent of each other filling our nose and the taste of cunt thick in our mouths.

We became inseparable lesbian lovers and lived under the constant fear of being
caught in bed together during an unannounced room inspection. Less than a month
later our fears were alleviated when the base received a batch of new females
straight from basic training. As we both owned our own cars, we were granted
permission to move off base to live in the near by town, each of us receiving
generous housing allowances.

A year later Jane got posted to Japan and, sadly, we gradually lost contact with
each other. I have since found other lesbian lovers, but none of them thrills me
like Jane did.

The End???

PS: Note From Brenda - This is a true story about Helen, an ICQ contact. She
told me how she was seduced by another woman while on active duty in the Air
Force. Helen said lesbianism and gay sex was strictly prohibited in the US Armed
Services when she was in the Air Force, but believes the current policy is
'don't tell and we won't ask.'

Helen and I are meeting 'real time' for two weeks this July and August 2003. She
has become sexually Dominant over the years but at age 54 she misses the
submissive pleasures experienced with Jane in the Air Force. Helen reckons that
I shall be able to thrill her every bit as much as Jane once did. Bitch that I
am, I agreed to the meeting only under the condition that Helen brings along her
young, newly tamed and trained love toy, Angie. Helen readily agreed to share
her lovely submissive with me, but is totally unaware of my plans. Slave Angie
will not refer to Helen as 'Mistress' but as Slave Helen during their stay with
me. Helen's pride will suffer a little, but she will adore the kinky switch in
spite of her pride. I do believe that Angie will have the hardest time adjusting
- but she is bound to obey 'Mistress Brenda' - and we shall see what we shall
see. Perhaps I will let you know how things went.

For those who may be wondering about my health - my stem cell transplant did not
work as well as hoped. I have been ill again but have been taking Thalidamide
and it now has my cancer nicely under control. I feel and look GREAT, pussy
functions wonderfully, and my labido is hot, hot, HOT. *giggles*




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





