BDSM Library - Open Wide!




Open Wide!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This might be a dare too far, Alison thought. She'd agreed to do it, and was not the type to renege on a deal. Besides, she had Alex to protect her. She had grown to trust Alex - her master, her lover and best friend. He'd never let anything bad happen to her, would he? (Complete Story)
Open Wide!

1. I hate shopping

	"Open wide!" He instructed, like a kindly dentist, but only the most
sadistic dentist would smile like Alex did.

	Holding his fingers against my cheeks he pushed the rubber ball into my
mouth with his thumbs. Firm pressure from both his thumbs was needed to force it
behind my front teeth. Several weeks ago I had complained that the ball on this
ball-gag harness was too big for me. 'Impossible', he corrected me, the very
fact that he managed to get it in my mouth proved it wasn't.

	"There we are young lady. Let's get you buckled up and we'll be on our
way." Alex fastened the buckle at the back of my head and drew up the black
straps that passed either side of my nose, joined between my eyebrows then
passed over the top of my head.

	Lastly, there was the chinstrap. He looked me in the eyes as he fastened
the little buckle beneath my chin. "This is your last chance to back out. Are
you sure you want to do it?" His smile changed to an earnest expression. Alex
always took control but occasionally, at moments like these, I was given a
choice.

	"Uh huh!" I nodded.

	He smiled, very pleased that I was sticking to our agreement. He showed
me two small brass padlocks still in their plastic blister pack.

	"Once we leave the house, the gag stays on," he reminded me.

	He tore the little brass padlocks from the packaging and tossed it onto
the kitchen worktop. Then he clipped the padlocks shut on the buckles at the
back of my head. Lest I doubted his words, Alex made sure I noticed the keys
were still visible within the discarded packaging.

	Standing behind me, he kissed my neck and wrapped his arms tightly
around me, tickling my belly and ribs. Gagged or not, he knew how horny that
could make me. I was barely five feet, he was more than six foot tall and almost
twice my weight. I was powerless against him. My petite body was his to use and
abuse, and that's the way I liked it.

	It felt peculiar to be gagged when my hands weren't tied. For the first
time, after wearing this infernal ball-gag on maybe six previous occasions, I
could run my hands over the thin leather straps that stretched around my face
and head. They was tighter than I expected, and I couldn't get my fingers
between the straps and my skin. I hesitate to say it was comfortable, but it was
the large rubber ball in my mouth that tormented me, not the straps. I'll be
honest, I'm average looking, not beautiful or ugly, so I try not to be offended
that Alex gets so turned on with my face masked by these straps. I mean - do I
really look prettier this way?

	There was a reason why Alex had not tied my hands: We were just about to
go shopping.

	I'd better explain that I don't usually wear a ball-gag when I go
shopping. In fact, this was the first time. It all stemmed from an incident the
previous week. I had blurted out to somebody that Alex had been awarded a large
bonus because of a productivity idea he had. Actually I told several people
about it. I was so proud of him, but being such a modest guy, Alex got irritated
by my proxy boasting on his behalf. 'Next week I'm gonna gag you when we go
out', he threatened. 'You would dare', I challenged him foolishly. 'YOU wouldn't
dare', he countered. And that was it...I said if he commanded me to do it, I
would do it. We agreed on a date. Today was the day.

	My usual style of dressing is high heels, tight jeans and a sweater that
showed off the shape of my prime assets (34D if you really must know!) It was
Alex's idea that today I should wear my full length '30 something'-style summer
dress, though I'm still only 25 dammit! The dress was kind of chic in a Laura
Ashley way, and more sophisticated than my usual style, just not particularly
sexy. I wore flat court shoes to compliment my outfit. How embarrassing: Flat
shoes, no makeup and a frumpy dress! For a brief moment the ball-gag seemed the
least of my worries.

ROAD WORRIER

	From below the neck I was ready to visit the parents. Above the neck it
was a very different matter! Alex thought it would make a nice contrast. 'An
ironic counterpoint' the clever bastard called it.

	We left the house through the kitchen door. My backward glance
confirming that, yes indeed, the keys to the padlocks were still on the worktop
near the cooker. It felt like the point of no return.

	We took my beat-up Taurus as Alex said his MX-5 needed a new brake
light. He was going to call into the dealership to collect it. Just imagine how
much I was looking forward to being stared at by all those mechanics!  At least
my car offered me more privacy than Alex's open top, but at the numerous
stoplights I was aware of the sideways glances from the occupants of other cars.
I tried to keep looking straight ahead to avoid their stares. "Don't worry
honey, we're not breaking any laws," Alex reminded me as we pulled into a mall
car park.

	Our first errand on the strip mall was to a convenience store. Alex took
me by the hand and we strolled along the sidewalk just like any other couple. We
were about to walk past an eleven year old kid on his bike leaning idly against
a lamp post.

	"Hey Mister. Why's she wearing that thing on her head?" The kid enquired
curiously, too young to read anything sexual in what we were doing.

	"She's been talking too much. I needed a rest." Alex explained.

	The kid nodded, his curiosity satisfied. "Cool!"

	It doesn't take long in our neighborhood to encounter a huge bearded guy
in pickup. He was in the cab, a huge forearm leaning out the window, muttering
something about getting his wife 'one of those'.

	

	"Money well spent!" Alex cheerfully advised him. "Isn't it honey?" He
compelled me to nod at the leering guy.

	I glared up at Alex as we continued to walk. This was getting
embarrassing, but what could I say? The last thing I wanted to do was start
'mmmphing' and attracting more attention to myself. I admired Alex's nerve;
after all, he was the one fending off the awkward questions.

	While Alex collected a few essentials from around the almost-empty
convenience store I browsed the magazine rack, just trying to stay out of the
way of the other shoppers,  hoping I wouldn't be noticed. Alex dropped his
things on the cash desk and I added a couple of magazines to his groceries. Just
let him try to make me pay for my magazines today! Besides, I wasn't allowed to
take my purse with me.

	The elderly woman at the checkout glanced at me kindly as she rung up
the goods and tendered the cash. "Are you alright sweetie?" She asked me. It was
not a surprise that women would be more concerned about me than men were.

	I nodded effusively and took hold of Alex's hand trying to mime the fact
that I was not being kidnapped.

	"She broke her jaw," Alex explained "and has to wear this brace until
it's healed."

	The woman gave me a sympathetic grandmotherly frown. "How does she eat?
Can you take it off at mealtimes?"

	Alex shook his head sorrowfully. "No. It has to stay firmly in place.
She's fed through a tube up her nose. She fights like a tom-cat sometimes when I
stick that tube in her, but she has to eat!" He looked at me with mock-kindness,
and I suspected that his improvised riposte had aroused him a little. "Never
mind honey," he comforted me, "only another month to go."

	The nice gullible old lady wished me a speedy recovery as we left the
store. As we walked out the door I felt something surge through me: Exhilaration
and relief! I was desperate to talk to Alex about it but it would have to wait.
He squeezed my hand, as he often did when we were out walking.

THE CAMERA SHOP

	A few yards away stood our next port of call: 'The Camera Cabin'. Alex
liked to take photographs, and not landscapes either! Mostly intimate portraits
of you-know-who! He'd told me he had a very discreet developer but I never knew
who or where it was. I was about to find out.

	Alex rang the bell, and after a short pause a buzz signified that the
door could be pushed open. We walked into the store.

	"Hey Alex!"

	"Hey Steve!"

	"Hey Alison!" Steve called out as if I was an old friend. I didn't need
a mirror to know that I flushed bright red. I realized me that Steve knew me, or
at least my body, VERY well.

	"Steve. Meet Alison."

	I shook hands with Steve. He was okay-looking if only he'd get rid of
the lank greasy ponytail and wear some less nerdy glasses. I'd never known
anybody to be transfixed by me like Steve was.

	"You're even more beautiful in the flesh," he said, trying to flatter
me. It was a compliment but an unsettling one. Studying my ball-gag harness, he
seemed unsure about chatting  further with me. After all, as I was gagged, it
would be a rather one-sided conversation.

	"D'you often take her out wearing the gag?" asked Steve, having
relegated me to the status of an object; just something to be talked about, as
they would a new camera.

	"No. It's the first time today, in fact, and so far so good. Very
peaceful, and no constant chatter about 'why don't we do this, why don't we go
there?' She can't nag me now."

	I glared fiercely at Alex. That was one thing I didn't do, and he knew
it! I mmmphed at him angrily, trying hopelessly to articulate that fact. The two
guys laughed together. I slapped Alex away when he tried to cuddle me.

	While Steve rifled around in a box for the latest photo set, Alex pulled
me firmly towards him. We hugged briefly but passionately, my face buried in his
chest. I felt a hard bulge pressing against my belly from inside his pants. At
least one of us was enjoying my predicament! He kissed my forehead, or rather
the strap that dissected it.

	Steve kindly offered to take care of me while Alex dashed off to get his
brake light. What a choice; Steve, or the garage mechanics? Alex, of course, had
something better planned for me, and it was just a couple of doors away...

KINKY KENNY'S

	Kinky Kenny's had been established for more than ten years. Every local
school kid had heard of it. I was from out of town but soon heard the name
mentioned at my new workplace. Strictly jesting of course, nobody ever admitted
to having been there.

	The place doesn't need much describing. It was a sex shop, although with
a higher kink content than most; not that I'm an expert in such things.

	Alex opened the door, and like a gentleman, allowed me to walk in before
him.

	"Hey Alison!" the three staff cheerfully called out in unison, not in
the least surprised to see me enter the store wearing my ball-gag. I'd met one
of them last time I was there, a gay guy appropriately called Guy. There was
Kenny himself, perhaps 50 years old, lean and rugged, with an imperious, virile
air to him. Finally there was Sally - tall, dark-haired and elegant, reminding
me a lot of Geena Davis. In her black leather pants and shoulderless bustier she
looked very sexy, and also a little intimidating to a petite ball-gagged young
woman like me.

	The way Sally whisked me into the back room so soon after my arrival
made me think this must have been part of Alex's plan. Sally closed the door
behind us. We were alone and stood facing each other several feet apart. She
held a riding crop that she tapped in the palm of her hand. I wasn't exactly
afraid but I suddenly felt a little insecure.

STRIPPED

	"Strip!" She said firmly.

	I kicked off my shoes then bent my arm behind to unzip the back of my
dress. It fell to the floor in a shapeless pile around my feet. I timidly gazed
up at Sally wearing just my bra and panties, grateful that Alex had persuaded me
to put on a sexy matching pair this morning.

	"Everything!" she said, savoring my discomfort. Had it not been for my
ball-gag I might have argued or at least questioned her at that point. But I
couldn't argue, and glancing at the riding crop in her hand I decided it was
best to obey.

	I placed my bra and panties in a neat pile with my dress and flat shoes
then stood up straight to my full height. "There's a good girl!" she said.

	I don't know why, but those words sent a tingle right through me. I
could not believe what was happening. Here I was, standing naked in front of a
woman I'd only just met. Instinctively my arms went up to cover my breasts. She
tapped my hands sharply with the riding crop. I got the message and put my hands
to my sides, giving her a full frontal view of my inferior body. "Cover yourself
like that again and I'll put you in handcuffs," she threatened.

	After intently studying my breasts, Sally seemed to nod with approval.
"Alex was right. Big tits, very submissive."

	I blushed on discovering I'd been talked about it that way. Yet Alex was
right. I couldn't very well argue on either point.

	"You like to dress to please your man, don't you?"

	"Uh huh!" I reply.

	"Good, because I guarantee this will please him. Sit down and put these
on."

GARTERED

	Sally handed me a pack of fishnet pantyhose, at least that what I
thought they were until I took the two items from the pack. Oh my
god...stockings! With my relatively short legs I never thought stockings and
garter belts were a good look for me. A sweater, tight jeans or leather pants
with nice high heels that accentuated my ass - that was my style.  It meant
Alex's predilection for women in stockings had remained unrequited since our
relationship started. I did feel a little guilty about that.

	I rolled the stockings up my thighs and found they fit better than I
expected. I liked the feel of the grippy elastic encircling my thighs. Was it a
coincidence that Alex told me to shave my legs last night?

	"Stand up," Sally commanded. I leapt up to attention like a private on
parade. I could tell she was itching to use that riding crop on me.

	She passed the black satin garter belt around my waist and clipped it
together in the small of my back, then attached the four garters to my
stockings, adjusting each for the right tension. She stood back a couple of
steps and inspected my mid-section. "Sexy!" was her verdict. I would have smiled
if I could. Then cocking her head to one side like an artist at her easel she
pointed her finger; "Need a li-i-i-ttle trim!"

TRIMMED

	Opening a drawer in a small cabinet she withdrew an electric hair
trimmer. "Hold your hands together behind your back," she instructed, then she
knelt down in front of me. I interlocked my fingers tightly and pretended I was
handcuffed. Sally transferred the riding crop from her hand to between her teeth
so she had two hands to work on my pubic hair. "Stay nice and still baby", she
said through clenched teeth as the trimmer came buzzing into life.

	I looked downwards between my breasts and couldn't help but notice her
own ripe breasts swelling out of the corset-like garment she wore. Her beautiful
face, and that riding crop clenched nonchalantly between her teeth was just
inches away from my pussy. That was the closest another woman had even been to
it. I don't know if it was that or the buzzing of the clippers against my mound
that was making me feel so flushed. My mind wandered and I imagined steel cuffs
on my wrists - and I was her little slave, powerless against anything she might
wish to do to me.

	"You can move your hands now," Sally said with a chuckle as she put the
clippers away. I was almost surprised when I managed to pull my hands apart, as
I'd convinced myself that they were cuffed. She stood me in front of a
full-length mirror. I saw a neat little heart-shaped furry patch just above my
pussy, framed within that erotic zone created by the stockings and garter belt.
I knew this would drive Alex crazy. Hell, it was almost driving me crazy!

	If I didn't have that infernal rubber ball in my mouth I would have had
a big grin on my face as I stared at myself in the mirror. That moment
disappeared in an instant when I felt a sharp sting on my buttocks - Sally's
riding crop!

	"Didn't you hear me?"

	I shook my head and mmmphed a contrite apology.

	Sally was holding the next article of clothing - a black leather
mini-skirt. She knelt down and invited me to step into it. We managed to wriggle
it up over my hips and Sally was only just able to pull up the rear zip. The hem
barely covered the stocking tops.

CORSETED

	Sally held up something I didn't at first recognize. She wrapped it
around me and fastened the hidden clips at the front. "Ever worn anything like a
corset before?"

	"Uh-uh". I shook my head.

	"You should. Figures like yours look great in corsets." She started
pulling on the laces at the back until I could feel it snug against my skin and
I have to confess it felt quite nice.

	"Of course this isn't really a corset, just a waist-cincher, but as far
as men are concerned it's a corset. This is one of the nicest on the market, a
real quality garment. Now... breath in!"

	During the next couple of minutes I was jogged and jolted like a rag
doll and discovered that Sally took her cinching seriously. My waist-cincher had
gone from snug to tight to extremely constricting. For a time I felt quite
breathless.

	Sally stood in front of me, her hands resting on my hips. "Look... Hips!
Men love hips. It's nature's way of telling him you'll be good for bearing his
children - even if he doesn't know it yet."

	I looked in the mirror and saw what she meant. My hips flared out
prominently from my nipped in waist. I rested my hands on my newly defined hips
as if for the first time. Bearing Alex's children! Yep, I liked the sound of
that, but hopefully not while wearing this corset.

GLOVED

	While I was getting my breath back Sally was rubbing some talcum powder
on my arms. "I won't even bother to ask whether you've worn opera gloves
before!" she said with a friendly chuckle.

	The gloves were sort of a black stretchy satin and easier to put on than
I expected. At the top of the glove, a few inches short of my armpit was a
little lace-up section that when done up ensured they couldn't slip down the
arm. Sally tied and knotted the laces with her usual severity. I studied the
dangling lace ends at the back of each arm and realized that I wouldn't be able
to undo the knots with one hand. I had to admit that it was cute: It wasn't
exactly bondage but I was damned if I could see how to remove them without
somebody's help.

	It must have been the lovely satin feel of the gloves that caused me to
reach up and touch my nipples. Sally wasn't pleased, and I felt the riding crop
again - stinging against the back of my thigh.

	"I warned you that bad girls get their hands cuffed! Hands behind your
back...right now!"

	I complied, and felt the cuffs clicking around my wrists. It was almost
a relief to feel my hands trapped behind me. Perhaps it would help me to behave
better. I didn't like being shouted at. I never have.

COLLARED

	I was intrigued as I watched Sally opening a small box. It looked like
it could be something expensive, judging by the padded felt lining. I was
disappointed when I saw her holding up a thick leather dog collar.

	"Nice huh?" Sally held up the opened collar for me to inspect.
"Wool-lined for extended wear, top quality leather, softened edges, beautifully
finished." She was right. If Prada made dog collars they would look like this
one.

	She put it around my neck and buckled it at the back, thankfully without
her usual urge to squeeze the life out of me. It felt pretty snug, but I knew I
wasn't likely to choke.

	"Mustn't forget the padlock," Sally said, fiddling with the buckle
behind me. A quiet click confirmed that the collar was locked on. While she was
standing behind me I could feel her messing with the straps of my head harness.
She seemed unhappy about something.

MADE UP

	"Gotta do something with your hair, little missy."

	I have straight shoulder length hair with bangs - a style that I seldom
mess around with. It was currently hanging loose, spilling out from under the
harness straps. Sally pulled it all back from under the straps until she had it
scraped into a tight ponytail at the crown of my head. Then she plaited it,
mixing my hair with a soft red cord. She looked into my eyes with a very
concerned expression. I'd heard somewhere that opticians can diagnose
life-threatening diseases just by looking into your eyes and feared she was
about to give me some bad news.

	"Make up!" she exclaimed loudly. For the next few minutes she worked on
my eyes - lashes, liner and shadow, having little trouble working around the
straps that dissected my face. My lips, stretched wide around the ball were soon
a super glossy red.

	I saw myself in the mirror - a little whore in bondage: Red lips and
thick black mascara accentuating my eyes. I loved it! Sally had a talent for
making even the plainest slave girl look wonderful.

CLAMPED

	By that stage my neglected breasts were standing out conspicuously. The
waist-cincher had a quarter cup that gave my boobs a little support but no
cover. I wasn't exactly thrilled when I saw what Sally had in mind - my pet hate
- nipple clamps. I screamed so much the only time that Alex tried them on me
that he never bothered again.

	She threaded a chain with a nipple clamp at each end through the ring at
the front of my collar. Her warm hands grasped my breasts and squeezed them
repeatedly, long red painted fingernails digging in, trying to provoke a
reaction. She got one - an embarrassing groan of utter submission. I didn't want
her to stop.

	"Nice nipples," she complimented, gripping one between thumb and
forefinger. "Even thought of having them pierced?" I shook my head. No. But yes,
I had thought of it... often.

	Owwww! The first clamp was on, while she distracted me with her
conversation. That wasn't fair! Sally ignored my obvious distress and clamped on
the other one without hesitation, indifferent to my pathetic cries. If my gloved
hands had not been cuffed I would have pulled the infernal things off. Sally
stood by and watched, amused at my weakness.  She was testing me. I was
literally trembling as I quietly battled against the pain. I would have been
howling but for the ball-gag.

	Sally looked at me with a big smile. "What a good girl you are!" I felt
oddly comforted by her praise, but still couldn't quite figure out how I'd let
this strange but alluring woman do all this to me. "Do you know what good girls
get?" She asked.

	I shook my head. Being a good girl hadn't saved me so far.

SHOED

	Was this a trick or a treat? I sat down as Sally instructed and watched
her retrieve a shoebox from a shopping bag. The box opened, and if my mouth
weren't already forced open by a rubber ball it would have fallen open. She held
up a pair of Toscanini shoes. Not just any pair but the actual ones I'd seen in
a magazine several weeks ago. I'd even shown the picture to Alex, just in case
he didn't know what to buy for my birthday.

	Sally knelt down in front of me and put the shoes on my feet. They were
gorgeous. Wonderful elegantly arched high heels, with just straps on top, and
the feature I really liked - a little loop over each toe. Sally struggled to
work the toes into their loops because of the fishnet stockings. Then she pulled
on the cord at the side so each loop tightened around the base of each toe. It
felt just as good as I had imagined. I wiggled my toes and could feel each one
of them in its own delicious bondage. The remaining straps criss-crossed over
the bridge of my foot and tied to the ankle strap. I'd gone to shoe heaven!

PLUGGED

	"You like enemas, don't you?" Sally asked, waking me from my reverie.

	Oh my god - what a thing to ask somebody! I nodded, and looked down at
Sally's feet, feeling ashamed to admit to such a thing. Alex had given me an
enema that very morning. Somehow I suspected that Sally already knew that.

	"Stand up!"

	I did.

	"Bend forward."

	I did, but not enough.

	"Properly!" She scolded me, tapping the naked top of my thigh with the
riding crop.

	I was looking at an upside-down Sally from between my legs, watching her
lubricating a butt plug. She walked towards me, plug held up prominently as if
she wanted me to see it. Enemas and butt plugs go together like a horse and
carriage, so this was not a new experience for me, but Sally's butt plug was
bigger and longer than I'd ever experienced before. Expertly teasing at my hole
and with some encouraging words - too embarrassing to repeat -  she pushed
firmly and slowly until my body relented. I felt the rubber plug easing open my
ass hole, sliding in, filling my rectum until my sphincter finally contracted
against the plug's narrow neck.

	I straightened up gradually, adjusting myself to the plugging. I could
feel my muscles constantly spasming on it, an involuntary response to eject the
butt plug. Sally slowly walked around me, inspecting my hair, my makeup, every
aspect of my body and its kinky accoutrements.

	"Perfect," she pronounced, "I'll bet this little girl is gonna get
royally screwed tonight!"

PRESENTED

	After clipping a simple dog lead to my collar - which persistently
tugged on my clamped nipples - Sally led me from the storeroom back into the
shop.

	The place fell silent... until Alex broke the pregnant pause. "Holy
cow!"

	I'd never seen him so shocked. I mmmphed at him excitedly, wanting him
to see the full extent of my transformation. Despite the ball seated between my
aching jaws I still tried to thank him for the shoes. I just wanted to cuddle
him, but I couldn't because I was Sally's 'little slut'; her leash clipped to my
collar like I was her new pet.

	At that stage I assumed Sally was going to parade me in front of Alex
and the other customers before taking me back to the store room to be returned
to my normal clothes. After all, Alex and I still had some more errands to run,
including my much anticipated visit to the Mazda dealership.

	But that didn't happen. I'd grossly underestimated Alex's fiendish
plan... as I would soon discover.

End of part 1 (of 2)




2. How much is that Slut in the Window?

	Alex was on the far side of the cash desk, but started walking over to
inspect me at closer quarters. Kenny intervened, waggling a finger. "Uh uh,
Alex, you agreed she belongs to us now. Why don't you go off and do your errands
while we take care of little Alison."

	To my surprise Alex yielded to his friend, although reluctantly. My
boyfriend had given me to a sex shop! Perhaps they operated a brothel here, I
began to wonder.

	"Do you trust me?" Alex asked me from across the magazine racks that
separated us.

	I hesitated, then nodded.

	Sally had wrapped the chain links of my leash several times around her
hand, suspecting I might be about to make a dash for my master. She tugged
sharply on it to remind me who was boss.

	Sensing my anxiety Alex's eyes betrayed his excitement. "Are you going
to be a good girl?" He asked, though it was more a threat.

	I nodded again, no knowing what else to do. I'd given myself completely
to Alex over the last few months. Whenever he told me to do something, I did it.
I'd never been so happy or felt so secure (in all senses). Submitting to him had
become my joy. The thought of losing all that scared me. I didn't think he'd
risk it either.

	Sally pushed me towards a door in the wall-to-wall cupboards. When she
opened the door I saw it was not a dark cupboard as I feared. Oh no, much worse
than that - it was the window display. She bent down and attached a narrow
spreader bar to my ankles while I looked out the window. I wasn't facing the
street, but rather the passageway that led from the sidewalk to the shop's door.
It meant I could only be seen if somebody walked into the doorway from the
street.

THE WINDOW DISPLAY

	I felt Sally unlock my handcuffs from behind me, but that wasn't such
good news because I had already seen where my hands were destined: Two leather
cuffs hung from chains high above my head.

	

	Sally brooked no resistance from me as she lifted each wrist in turn and
buckled them into the cuffs, so they were held high and wide. Her body pressed
against my back as she did this. I could feel her warmth and I swear I felt her
nipples against my bare shoulder blades. She was teasing me - very effectively.
That was just my luck - my first lesbian experience would take place in a shop
window on a Saturday afternoon!

	"She looks a little colorless." Kenny shouted over to Sally. "Her cheeks
need a little more red in them."

	"True," Sally replied. "Can you pass me an applicator?"

	It seemed a strange time to be putting on more makeup. I could hear the
conversation, but bound as I was, I couldn't turn around to see them. Moments
later I found out what they meant by the applicator. A paddle came down sharply
on my buttocks. My little leather skirt proving no better at protecting me than
it was at preserving my modesty.

	More stinging blows on my buttocks followed, all delivered by Sally I
think, each slap accompanied by an encouraging cheer from the men in the shop. I
was close to tears when she finally stopped.

	Sally caressed me from behind again. I got the impression she'd been as
worked up by the beating as I was. With her arm folded around my belly, holding
me against her, she kissed me tenderly, just below the ear and the strap of my
gag-harness. Feeling her luscious lips on my neck was really doing something to
me. I had no doubt that both sets of my cheeks were a glorious shade of red.

	Having got me all hot and bothered, Sally left me alone. I heard the
door close, and the general hubbub from the shop went suddenly silent. If I
couldn't hear them, it meant they couldn't hear my noises either. My ass was
stinging and there was nothing I could do about it.

	I tugged on the chains holding up my arms, wondering how securely they
were fixed. It all seemed pretty solid. I looked up and saw my wrist cuffs were
chained to a concrete ceiling joist. The solidity of the structure made me sense
this wasn't a casual one-off setup arranged just for me. Other people had also
had this public humilation, I was sure of it.

	Alex was on the other side of the glass having just left the shop.
Standing directly in front of me with his arms folded, he looked very pleased
with himself. He pointed to his watch and circled his finger around it twice,
then clearly mouthed the words 'I love you' and blew me a kiss as he headed in
the direction of my car.

	His signal meant either two minutes, two hours or twenty four hours. At
least it confirmed that he was coming back for me. It couldn't possibly be in
only two minutes. Surely it couldn't be twenty four hours - we were visiting
Alex's parents tomorrow morning. It had to be two hours I concluded. Two long
hours! I tugged angrily on my wrist cuffs annoyed with myself for getting into
such a fix.

	Sally and Guy came out the shop doorway to inspect me, standing on the
other side of the window. She seemed to be pointing out various parts of my
anatomy and the clothes I wore. She was also pointing at something to the side
of me.

	"Is that good?" Sally said, just to tease me. Of course I couldn't hear
her, but I could read her lips easily enough. My protests in return were
rendered meaningless by my ballgag and the plate glass window between us.

	This wasn't how I expected to spend my afternoon. I was kind of hoping I
could return to the backroom and play with the sex toys for a couple of hours. I
was angry. I shook my head violently and glared at them. For some reason they
thought that was very funny. Then they went back to work, leaving me feeling
like a goldfish in a bowl, a live exhibit to greet the shop's customers.

	The first visitor arrived almost as soon as Sally went back in the shop.
I found I was useless at standing still, particularly with my ass still smarting
and the butt-plug irritating me, making me wiggle my ass in search of relief.

	For a while I was mortified when a customer looked at me, then I started
to tug on my chains and tried to communicate with them. My damsel-in-distress
act made them smile and that in turn made me feel better, and somehow less
embarrassed. It took a while to realize that all that writhing around with my
spread legs had caused my leather mini-skirt to ride up. I wasn't wearing
anything underneath so my neatly trimmed pussy got a very public airing. No
wonder the customers were walking into the shop with smiles on their faces!

	As I gazed around my window display I discovered what Sally had been
pointing out to Guy. To my left was a nicely printed board with a price list
showing everything I was wearing:

	Waist-cincher - $74

	Stockings - $9

	Nipple clamps - $14.50

	Ball-gag - $65

	Butt-plug - $22

	Spreader bar - $80

	Suspension bar and cuffs - $90

	Mini skirt - $60

	Opera gloves - $95

	Slave collar - $130

	

	However, the last two items on the list cheered me up a little...

	Little slut - priceless

	Shoes - little slut's own

	It was typical Alex humor. Two hours of public humiliation in exchange
for a pair of shoes that cost the equivalent of a week's pay!

	My arms were beginning to ache from being stretched over my head, my jaw
ached terribly, but my nipples had stopped hurting - the pain replaced by an
aching numbness. Luckily another customer, a stocky middle-aged guy, turned up
to distract me from further self-pity. I enacted my usual damsel-in-distress
routine, which had become more convincing with each minute that passed. He
smiled and took a photograph with one of those camera phones. Then he called
somebody with it. That's when I noticed his police uniform. He was nodding as he
talked into the phone, as if taking instructions from the other end.

	The policeman ominously wagged his finger at me and entered the shop. I
knew I was in trouble.

	A couple of minutes later, just as I expected, the door behind me
opened. Sally released my wrists from the suspended cuffs and my ankles from the
spreader bar.  The cop took me to the glass-topped cash desk and bent me right
forward so my nose pressed to the glass, looking down on a collection of
multi-colored acrylic dildoes. One of the cop's big hands easily held both my
wrists together behind me.

ARRESTED

	"I'm arresting you on a charge of gross public indecency. You have the
right to remain silent. Anything you do say could be used against you in a court
of law."

	"Huhhhih Ahhuuh!" I yelled at him from behind my ballgag. I looked up to
see Sally and Kenny trying hard to repress a smile. I suppose they thought that
was funny. It was unbelievable. I couldn't understand why they were allowing
this to happen. Apparently I was the only person that had committed an offence.

	The police-issue handcuffs ratcheted tightly around my wrists.

	"Could I borrow some ankle cuffs?" The cop asked Kenny, as casually as
asking for someone a light. "I'm concerned that the prisoner might run into the
mall and scare the shoppers."

	Kenny, the son of a bitch, gladly obliged. "Don't worry, Alison," he
reassured me, "we'll tell Alex what happened. I'm sure he'll have you out of
jail in no time."

	As the cop led me shuffling from the shop I turned and yelled my anger
at the three of them in the shop. They just shrugged their shoulders and gave me
an embarrassed wave. I heard their laughter starting just as the door closed
behind us.

	The squad car was nearby but I still had to shuffle half-naked and
shame-faced past a few bewildered shoppers. The cop had one hand holding firmly
onto my handcuffs to keep me under control, just in case I decided to run amok
amongst the shoppers. He opened the rear door of the squad car, placed the palm
of his hand firmly on my head and pushed me into the seat. Then we drove off.

	I started to cry.

	"Hey, hey, hey there," the cop said softly, trying to comfort me.
"You'll be released before you know it. Just sit back and behave yourself until
we get to the station." I could see his eyes reflected in the rear view mirror.
He seemed genuinely concerned about me.

	What a disaster! I didn't know whether to blame Alex or the guys in the
shop. I knew Alex would never let anything bad happen to me, but I figured this
was basically his fault, as he was the one that had organized this stupid stunt.

	Looking down at my body, my nipples still clamped, the corset, the
stupid micro-skirt and the stockings, I started to think the worst about what
would happen at the police station. I'd be thrown in a cell with drunkards, drug
dealers and prostitutes, still attired in all my tawdry bondage gear and wearing
this damn ballgag. They'd probably jump on me the moment the cops turned their
backs. I shivered at the prospect.

	"Listen honey - I gotta go buy a dozen donuts for the guys at the
station," the cop announced. "It's a house tradition when we bring in a girl
with her tits hanging out."

	We turned into a large mall car park, but he surprised me by driving
right past 'Duncan's Donuts', parking around the back in a delivery zone. Maybe
he didn't want to be seen, although surely it's no secret that cops eat donuts!

	There was only one other car in the area. We parked right alongside it.
It was a very smart shiny four-door sedan in a nice maroon color. The trunk of
the car popped open by itself, released from the driver's seat, I supposed.

	I didn't like this one bit. The cop's demeanor changed. Suddenly he
wasn't so friendly. I didn't believe that donut story anyhow.

	"Sorry slut. Change of plan. You've not really been arrested," he
informed me. I only just managed a sigh of relief before he continued. "You've
been acquired by a cartel of white slavers. They have a taste for submissive
big-titted sluts like you."

SOLD INTO SLAVERY

	"Time to get you parcelled up for transportation," he said, holding up a
large roll of silver duct tape.

	He got out the car, then opened my door and pulled me out. I struggled
frantically when I saw he was taking me to the trunk of the other car. It was
like a bad dream - kidnapped and sold into slavery, just when my life had been
going so well. The cop pushed me so I was bent forward over the lip of the
trunk, held there by the bulk of his body pressed against the back of my legs. I
heard the loud ripping of duct tape behind me.

	Although the car looked almost new, I was surprised to see the trunk -
my new home - was a real mess. There were shopping bags, an umbrella, magazines,
even a pair of women's shoes. It was almost as messy as my own car. Suddenly I
was bewildered, and thought I must be going mad. The junk was my own. The very
same stuff from my car's trunk, so how in hell's name could it be in this car?

	"Close your eyes," the cop-turned-slavetrader instructed. I did as I was
told, prepared to meet my fate with equanimity. I'd really gone off Alex by that
stage. Yep, if being a slavegirl in a desert harem was my destiny then bring it
on! I never liked working nine to five anyhow. I waited, expecting to feel the
sticky tape pressed on my face.

	"Okay, now open your eyes."

	I opened them, and stared in utter disbelief. Alex was standing next to
the car, smiling in very obvious amusement at my predicament. I shuffled quickly
over to him and into his arms and burst into tears, wiping my wet cheeks on the
soft fabric of his shirt.

TRANSPORTED!

	"Great work Mike. I owe you one." I heard Alex say while he hugged me
tightly to his chest.

	'Mike' - that name sounded familiar. Then I remembered Alex had
occasionally mentioned a cop friend called Mike who was into the BDSM scene.
Oh... my... god! I'd been completely set up - by Alex, by Mike, and of course,
Sally and Kenny too.

	"So what do think of your new car?"

	I assumed Alex was talking to the cop.

	"Alison... I asked what do you think of your new car?" Alex repeated.

	He led me over to the driver's side and helped me to sit down. Gray
leather upholstery, Climate control, a CD player, a sunroof. I loved it, bounced
up and down in the seat, and was blubbering tears of joy and relief. Not only
was I NOT being sold into slavery but I had a new car as well!

	Alex helped me out of the car and around to the passenger side.

	"So, Mike. Was Alison a good girl?"

	He chuckled. "Yeah, very brave I thought. That was quite a scary scene
you devised, Alex. Didn't she look damn hot tied up in the shop window?"

	"Hot. You're not kidding. The last couple of hours has been for hell for
me; trying to keep my mind on negotiating for a new car while all I could think
about was Alison standing in the window!"

	Mike laughed. "Hey, it's my Melanie's birthday next Saturday and she
wants to be in the window again. Kenny has fantastic leather outfit all ready
for her, with the meanest, tightest lace-up hood you ever saw."

	"Excellent. We'll definitely drop by and take a look." Alex said.

	 Alex put me in the passenger seat, making no move to release me from my
cuffs and leg-irons. Mike waved us off. He had real villians to catch I suppose,
or perhaps he was really going to buy donuts now. All I could do was 'mmpphh' to
him through the closed window, hoping the devious son-of-a-bitch had remembered
to give Alex the keys for my cuffs.

-oOo-

	Ten minutes later I was standing to attention in our lounge, waiting and
hoping that Alex would remove the cuffs from my wrists and ankles, or at least
do something to me. He came out of the kitchen carrying a steaming cup of
coffee. I still had that ball-gag buckled and locked around my head so there was
no coffee for me.

	Alex had already removed my leather skirt, so my neatly trimmed sex
exposed between the garters of my stockings. He sat down and admired my body
from across the room. It was the first time he'd see me in stockings or wearing
nipple clamps. Judging by the way his hand kept coming into contact with his
crotch I sensed he was happy. My earlier trauma in the police car had been
forgotten. It was turning into the most erotic day of my life... and we hadn't
even made love yet.

	"You like the car?"

	I nodded. (When I stood at attention I knew never to make a noise.)

	"And the shoes?"

	I nodded excitedly. 'Loved, not just liked', I wanted to say.

	"Good. From now on you will wear stockings all the time, even if you're
wearing jeans. When we get up in the morning you'll be putting stockings on,
when we go to bed you'll be taking stockings off. Understood?"

	I nodded. If that what he demanded of me, I would do it.

	"And I'll apply nipple clamps whenever I please."

	I nodded, realizing I'd been a sissy about the clamps in the past. My
teats were feeling numb from being clamped for so long, but it didn't seem so
bad. In fact it made me feel quite horny.

	"Would you like me to untie you..."

	I nodded.

	"...or would you like me to fuck you."

	I nodded again, before realizing that I could only have one of those
options. It was no contest: It would have to be the second option, for both our
sakes.

	Alex stood up and walked towards me, gripping the nipple clamps between
the fingers of both hands. "I'm going to remove the clamps now. I warn you - it
will be painful as the blood flow returns. If you make a sound, you'll be
punished."

	He took off the clamps and stood back on the other side of the room to
observe me. A little tingle in my nipples soon turned to pain, and then agony. I
stood still, tears running down my cheeks, whimpering softly, hoping that he
wouldn't punish me for it. Our eyes were transfixed on each other. Alex
swallowed nervously. I could tell it needed all his willpower to stand back
rather than massage my breasts and comfort me.

	"Very good!" said Alex a couple of agonizing minutes later. "Now go to
the playroom, mount the flogging horse and wait quietly."

	I nodded obediently and shuffled out of the lounge towards our playroom.
It felt like I'd entered the home straight after a very long race.

	The flogging horse was a sturdy, well-made A-frame. It had lots of
securing points and attachments that provided Alex with hours of fun (and me too
I suppose). Today all I could do was lean across it and wait for him. The
minutes passed and my anticipation grew.

	I started to fantasize about my day, imagining that I had really been
taken to a police cell. I was still helpless in cuffs and gag, being abused by a
tall black prostitute and a dirty unshaven drunkard. I clenched repeatedly on my
butt-plug imagining those people were doing unspeakable things to me.

	I was so preoccupied by my own dirty thoughts that I didn't even hear
Alex come into the room. "Are you trying to get yourself off?" He asked.

	"Mmmm!" I confessed. There seemed little point in denying it. He'd only
punish me for lying. I felt his fingers dip into my pussy.

	"Dirty girl!" He said, pretending to be disgusted with me. Without
warning, I felt the flogger hitting my butt cheeks. With that multi-tailed
leather flogger, the line between pain and pleasure became blurred. But it
became much clearer when he pushed his cock into me. Double-teaming with the
butt plug, his lovely cock delivered me into a moment of earth-shaking,
soul-shattering ecstasy. What a day! What a day!

-oOo-

	Later that evening we went out for a pizza and a beer in one of our
local haunts. I drove my new car, grinning like a cheshire cat, playing my
favourite CD.

	I wore stockings - a new pair - and the waist-cincher but no panties. On
top, I wore a sweater and jeans as per usual, I didn't want to shock the guys in
the pizzeria too much!

	Most significantly, I also paraded my new leather collar in public for
the first time. I felt very proud. It seemed to signify that my adventures with
Alex had only just begun.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jessica Verdi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





