BDSM Library - Jane's Sundress




Jane's Sundress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jane loses a dare to her roommate and has to walk around the local Mall in a short dress. Unfortunately for Jane her favourite shoes are on sale, so how can she try on shoes in such a short dress?
Jane's Sundress

Jane sat in her car her fingers still sticky with her juices, cheeks still
burning with embarrassment, over what had happened. It all started out so
simple, she lost a bet with her roommate and had to wear a sundress for one day,
out shopping, I mean how hard was that??

Jane began walking around the mall in nothing but a sundress and shoes just
after 10am. Jane never done anything like that and although she would not admit
it to her friend she was finding it was pretty exciting and a little arousing
after getting lots of looks with her bright sundress and long blonde hair.
Coming up to her favourite shoe store, Jane saw a sign saying one day only, half
price sale. Jane rushed up to shoe shop window, spying her all time favourite
shoes are on sale for half price!

Jane could hardly believe her great fortune and quickly entered the shop only to
realise that she problem with her sundress. The sundress was pretty short,
in-fact it ended way above her knees and if she bent down a little it would for
sure, reveal her bare backside and if she is really not careful and bent down to
her shoes the dress could expose a heck of lot more than her backside.

Jane thinking about this came up with a plan to just buy the shoes thus avoiding
try them on. Smiling at the idea, Jane started to look around the shop to find
the shop assistant so she could buy the shoes and continue her walk around the
Mall in her pretty sundress.

"Can I help you miss?" asked feline, the shop assistant

"Ah sure, I would to buy those shoes (pointing to the shoe) ah a size 5?"
replied Jane

"Sure I just get them", replied Feline walking out back.

Jane walked around the shop waiting for the shoes to arrive. A few moments
later, Feline came back out, "ah we have only got a 41/2 or a 51/2 do you want
to try them on??"

Jane thought damn, I will have to try them on as they are not the right size.
Jane stood, thinking some more, before deciding, Ok, I can do this, but I just
have to be very careful when I put them on. Jane looked up at the shop
assistant, hoping that he would move on and serve the other customers in the
shop, but seeing he was going stay, sighed silently and very carefully lowered
herself down to untie her shoes.

Feline watched Jane trying to untie her shoes, admiring her long tanned legs and
liking the way her dress was riding up. He could see other customers in the
store but they are not as cute as her so as far as he was concerned that they
could just wait!!

When Jane leant forward to remove her shoes Feline was rewarded with a great
view down the open neckline of her dress. With each time Jane would lean forward
to do something with her shoes Feline could see a large amount of her breast.
Then if she leant a little more, Feline could swear he could see what looked
like a hint of nipple coming into view. With all her bending forward suddenly
Feline pants felt a little tight to wear and the other customers in the store
giving him the stare, well going to wait until hell freezes over before they
would served.

Jane continued to bend down, unaware of the view she was giving as she slid on
the second shoe over her left foot, the shoe was tighter than the other one so
she was having problems adjusting the strap. Jane looked up and motioned for
help, Feline blushed thinking he was busted for a second realised that she
needed help much to his relief.

So nervously Feline bent down trying to adjust the bludge in his pants to offer
his assistance. Seeing the strap was somehow stuck, Feline reached down and
pulled hard on the strap the extra effort overbalancing Jane, knocking flat on
her backside. The sudden movement caused the dress to ride up, Feline reached
out to help Jane, his eyes rooted between her legs as the dress had ridden up
enough to expose her tanned thighs and a sudden flash of her bare pubic mound
underneath.

Jane seeing the direction of Feline eyes turned beetroot red, scrambling to get
up. "Are you ok, miss" asked Feline?

"Ah yes, ah, thanks for your help" stammered Jane getting up in a hurry, hoping
the shoes are ok so she can leave just leave the shop, fast.

Walking around the shop, Jane sadly realised that the shoes are much too tight
and knew that although she wanted to leave, she would have to remove them before
she could leave the shop. The shop assistant hovered besides her seemly sensing
her thoughts. Jane turned to the shop assistant saying they are too tight then
looking at him hoped that he would get the hint and go away which he seemed to
ignore.

Jane, still blushing red bent very carefully down, feeling the shop assistant
eyes on her every move. The shoes reluctantly came off, leaving Jane wiggling
her toes in relief.

Jane then looked up at the shop assistant and released that although she was
embarrassed at almost showing him everything, the looks he was giving her, well
it been a while since a guy had given her those kinds of looks and it felt kind
of erotic to be stared at like this while just wearing the sundress and nothing
else.

Jane felt a sexual rush when she noticed the shop assistant was staring again as
she tried on the shoes. All the gazes, well they started to make Jane really
squirm, and she started to actually enjoying the attention of the shop assistant
more and more.

Jane slowed down, taking her time to try on the other, larger pair of shoes,
feeling more and more daring under his gazes even at the end she showed the shop
assistant a little more leg, thinking this is really fun to be looked at like
this.

By now, Feline pants felt two sizes too small as Jane showed an increasing
amount of leg. Feline was pretty sure that this pretty lady was wearing no
underwear and desperately wanted to find out. Jane by now was getting turned on
and managed to blush a little as she felt herself getting damp over this
attention.

Jane stood parading around the room trying on the shoes to see if they would
fit. Walking past a mirror, Jane checked out her shoes and the dress, noticing
that her nipples, now hard where showing through. Jane wondered if the shop
assistant had noticed that, guessing with a giggle that he most likely he had.
Sadly the shoes were a little too big and Jane walked back to her chair to
remove them.

The other customers in disgust over the poor service had already walked away.
Jane seeing no one was in the shop, bent down until she could feel the top of
her dress riding right up her legs. Bending over as far as she dared, Jane
remained bent down taking her time to remove the shoes then looking up at the
shop assistant, asked if he would mind if he could have another look at back for
the shoes in the correct size for her again. Feline by this time would have
agreed to move the moon, agreed and went out back to check again.

Jane stood feeling very naughty in the empty shop. Then spying a mirror, Jane
had a wicked thought to tease the shop assistant even more when he returned.
With that though in mind Jane walked over and next to the mirror, bent down,
watching the dress move up and up until it exposed her backside. Oops too far
Jane thought with a little grin should not go that far or he will see too much.

Between the show in the mirror and the gazes, Jane was feeling very turned on,
looking around the empty shop, Jane wanted very much to touch her self and
seeing she was still alone quickly slid a finger up her dress and lightly
caressed herself. Jane almost let out a moan as she touched herself, quickly
pulling her fingers away from under her dress. I cannot touch, thought Jane, at
this rate, I will end up doing something I will regret later.

The shop assistant returned, with a pair of shoes in a slightly different style.
Saying he found these and would sell them for the same price if Jane liked them.

Jane was not sure if she liked the new pair of shoes but decided to try them on
anyway. Once again Jane bent over to put them on wearing a wicked grin as she
bent right over until she was sure the shop assistant could almost see her bare
bum.

Feline stood staring, wishing, and hoping she would bend over just a little
more, staring at her long legs and oh so wicked sundress. While he was out back,
Feline could not help but touch himself wishing he were on his break so he could
go into the bathroom and relieve himself.

Jane did like the other shoes but she really wanted the original pair more. Jane
pleaded to get a raincheck to bring in the pair of size 5 shoes at this price,
Feline said he wished he could but really was not allowed. Jane still pleading
bent down, letting her dress pull all the way up, until she heard his gasp.
Looking around Jane asked if he was ok. Adding was he sure that he could not get
the shoes in at this price.

Feline could now see just a hint of her bare backside, just the lower curves of
her butt. Jamming his hands into his pockets to restrain him self from reaching
down and pulling the dress right up. Then he remembered the reserved area and
wondered if a pair was in there. Feline shouted "I'd be back in a second as he
raced out back, going to check.

Jane stood up bemused wondering if she made the poor assistant go out back to
relieve himself, that idea of him doing that making Jane feel very hot, making
her again want to touch herself as soon as she got out of this shop.

The next second, the shop assistant returned from out back, smiling, saying he
found a pair but sorry they are on hold for another customer. Jane pleaded
saying please is there any chance she could return later and get the pair?

The shop assistant hummed and har'd, Jane felt with a sinking feeling that he
was not going to give her the shoes. He kept on saying he could get into real
trouble if the owner found out that he gave her another customer's shoes while
all the time staring at her dress. Then finally he said he could not do it,
right now it was not worth the risk.

Jane really wanted those shoes, even more so now after all of this. Nervously
looking around and throwing caution to the wind, the way he kept on looking at
her dress, well it gave her an idea so looking at the shop assistant, Jane
reached down and raised her dress a little. While suggesting that that he could
swap the shoes with the other size claiming it was a mistake. Feline felt his
eyes go wide at the suggestion watching nervously as Jane raised the hem of
dress.

Jane feeling incredibly aroused slowly raised the dress, not sure how far she
would have to go to get the shoes. Inch by inch the dress hem moved higher,
still the shop assistant shook his head.

Higher the dress went, exposing Jane lower thighs. Still is slowly moved upwards
now Jane tanned inner thighs coming into view. Jane nervously squirmed,
unconsciously opening her legs, a tear of moisture leaked out running down the
side of her left leg. Jane was now in a nervous panic as the dress was now just
an inch short of revealing her pubic mound and still the shop assistant would
not give her the shoes.

Feline held out the shoes as bait, while motioning for the dress to go up. Jane
defeated by her own actions, too far gone now to back out, agreed to the demand
and lifted her sundress up until she exposed her bare mound.

Feline stared in delight, his eyes slowly looking upwards feasting on Jane's
bare pussy, her vulva lips and clit jutting out in view, signs of her arousal
and wetness in plain sight.

Jane stood humiliated, taking the shoes from the very amused shop assistant, her
body arousal dripping down her leg. Then quickly paying for the shoes in cash,
Jane fled the shop, her face burning red. Jane sped through the shopping centre
until she finally climbed into the safety of her car, then not caring who was
around, Jane pulled up her dress and plunging two fingers in between her legs
moving them in and out until she had orgasmed hard.

Jane still aroused beyond belief, one orgasm later, plunged a third finger
inside of her self while rubbing her clit with the other hand. Another orgasm
came, followed by a series more, then eventually minutes later; weak and finally
sedated Jane removed her fingers and started her car ready for the drive home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oz Greg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





