BDSM Library - Pussy's Tales




Pussy's Tales
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My slave pussy enjoys an evenings bondage, and some deep anal attention.
pussy' tales

Part 1 In the Library

This is the first in a series of stories based on experiences that My sub slut,
'pussy', has shared with Me. They are dedicated to her sweet, trusting spirit
which lights up my life, and her nasty, masochistic nature!

                                                       ~

I love to use Dildo's & Butt plugs on willing victims who enjoy such things. My
sub, pussy, loves to be cuffed down to the bed, masked, ballgagged, and then
teased with all variety of toys.

I remember one time that pussy asked ahead of time for some special anal
attention. When I came back after work the next night, I brought a new Expanding
Anal Plug with me!

I cuffed pussy, and put my sleep mask on her. She knew that I had something
special planned for her! I then lay her back on the double bed in the Library,
clipped her cuffs to the bed chains, and placed a pillow under her hips. I then
held her cuffed ankles straight up, forcing her legs into the air. My pussy,
being a goodgirl, didn't resist, or protest. she couldn't,

with the ballgag that I had stuffed into her mouth, to her mewls of
satisfaction.

With her legs held high in the air, and her feet hovering way above her chest, I
pinched and pulled her virgin pink nipples until they stood stiff and straining,
then clipped them, draping the connecting chain behind her legs. With every
small motion, the alligator clips, tugged by the chains, pulled at her nipples,
sending quivers through her chest, constantly multiplying the stimulation to her
nipples. Her breathing quickened, causing little puffing sounds to emit from her
nostrils. A thin line of saliva ran from the left corner of her mouth, escaping
from theseal the ball gag provided her lips. The mewling noises went up an
octave!

With her feet so high in the air, her cunt and asshole were exposed to my tender
mercies, her labia swollen, her pussy drooling, moist with the juices of her
mounting arousal, the fruit of her submission, pungent to my nose in the cool
air of the library. mingling with the musty odor of old books, and the quiet
strains of Chopin's piano masterpieces.

 Leaning down, I slipped my right forefinger between the folds of her dripping
slit, scooping the slippery juices across her clitoris, bringing forth a
shuddering, deep intake of breath, expelled forcefully with almost a wail from
deep in her breast. As My finger slid upward to the top of her slit, leaving her
clit behind, she thrust her hips hard into the air, seeking the sensation
provided by the finger hovering on her vulva, eluding the thrusts intended to
bring it to her clit. With each thrust, the chain tying her nipples together
swung, bringing equally agonizing sensation to her trapped nipples, the slopes
of her breasts flushing pink with a rush of blood, hot and pounding, her breasts
bobbing visibly  in time with her pulse, pussy's head slowly nodding forward,
rhythmically, in time with her thrusting hips.

 Her juices, now freely flowing from her passion pit, slid slowly down her
perineum, pooling in the puckered rosebud of her asshole, pulsing with each
sensation seeking hip-thrust, vainly begging, pleading for My forefinger on her
rock hard clit, each thrust bringing her pubis higher into the air.

 Suddenly, I grasp pussy's lust bud between forefinger & thumb, and begin to
jerk it rhythmically witheach muffled cry from deep in her throat, spittle
streaming from the sides of her mouth, running down her throat, soaking into the
towel beneath her head.

Beneath her mask, I know that her eyes are turning back into her head, deprived
of the need to see, made obsolete by the concentrated sensation flooding her
cerebral cortex, multiplied by the turning within of her vision, by the white
hot flashes behind her eyes!

 Silently, I grasp the Expanding Butt Plug with my left hand, testing the
surface with my left forefinger, assuring myself that I've applied sufficient
lubrication to ensure a smoothen try into her pulsing butt hole. It seems a bit
large for initial insertion, but I decide to see what her reaction to it's
introduction to her sphincteris, and as I pinch her clit and pull it up and out,
toward me, she feels it nudge her rosebud, and, with a whooshing breath outward,
thrusts hers phincter full onto it!

 I wait for her next breath, as she shudders with the shear suddenness of the
anal intrusion, the 1.5"girth of the plug like the intrusion of 2 fingers,
nearly causing her to lose control, nearly driving her over the cliff of
sensation, only her dedication to her Masters orders holding back her orgasm.

 Crouching on the bed between her legs, I release the base of the plug, and
grasp the bulb that will inflate it, easing My fingers on her clit. Then, as her
hips begin to drop back toward the bed, I quickly pump the bulb twice, "shoosh,
shoosh", inflating the plug suddenly, precipitously, bringing forth a massive
upward thrust of pussy's hips, and an earsplitting squeal through her nose as my
right palm slaps wetly down onto her near bursting clit!

I quickly reach forward, and release and jerk away the ball gag from her wide
open mouth, pussy being so caught up in sensation that her jaws are locked open,
wide. she coughs twice, swallowing wetly, clearing her throat, and begins to
expel near deafening "AAAAHHSS" with each stroke of my palm on her clit, the
sound climbing in timbre with each breath.

 Again her hips begin to relax, as I drop the gag to the floor, and with a
growing sense of urgency, grasp the bulb and give it 2 more lightning strokes.
her hips thrust to their maximum upward extension, and pussy begins to scream,
the veins on her neck standing out like a thoroughbred running at Belmont. I
drop the bulb, and, still spanking her clit with my right hand, reach up and
scoop her juices onto My ringed cock, making it's 9" length gleam in the track
lighting, and with a final slap, thrust her hips down to the bed, grinding her
clit beneath my hand..

As the chain pulls the nipple clamps, extending her breasts like twin white
chocolate kisses toward me, I thrust My straining ramrod into her cunt, grasping
her hips and pulling her backonto Me full with one stroke.

Feeling My cock bottom out, her breath leaves her body, chin thrusting to the
ceiling, mouth straining in a silent scream, the back of her head pushing her
shoulders off the bed.

As I draw My cock back, I grasp her mask, and slide it upward, exposing the
whites of her eyes, sightless,straining, tears streaming involuntarily downward,
dripping off her ears onto the towel shielding her head from the wall.

With a savage thrust, I again plunge Myself into her very core, and, not waiting
for her breath, grasp the sweat slick clips and pull them from her nipples!

 With an ultimate intake of breath as I withdraw from her clenching vagina, she
screams inwardly, and as pussy pauses, beyond seeing, I whisper gutturally,
"CUM, slut!", andplunge into her for the final time, staring into her sightless
eyes, as she screams deafeningly, her thighs clenching my hips as her cunt
strains against my rod, her G-spot gushing...pussy CUMS!!!

 I ride atop her quivering, pulsing, thrusting body, straining to stay within
her heartwood with My hardwood,

feeling her peaks and waves, deafened by her screams. Her timbre reaches it's
crescendo, and suddenly, explosively, My cock is expelled from her rock walled
cunt, and she faints!

 The tension, suddenly releasing from her body, falls away, and she begins to
breathe again.

                                                       ~

Moments later, her eyes roll bac kdown, and, soon, weakly open. As I lay,
resting atop her, she whispers hoarsely, "Never again..."

In reply, I simply chuckle in her ear.

To be continued in Part 2...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Kt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





