BDSM Library - Club X




Club X
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is an extreme story inspired by Dolcett's extreme drawings "Club X".
Warning - 
Dolcett is one of the most extreme artists around the world. He draws 
people (mostly women) in positions of asphyxiation, cannibalism, impalement, 
snuff, etc. This story follows his work very closely and I don't hold back 
from telling it like it is. If you are not comfortable with descriptions of 
this extreme erotica, then I highly recommend you don't proceed any further. 
The story codes that are required by the BDSMLibrary.com website are there 
for a reason. You have been warned. 

Author's Note - 
I came across Dolcett's Club X series in the late 90s on a newsgroup server 
in the UK. From that time I built up a large collection of Dolcett's work. 
His imagination and compelling drawings have thrilled a huge audience and 
I dare say filled a vast number of tissues. I don't aspire to outdo Dolcett 
in his work but I'd like to enhance it for the people who love a good story 
and lots of attention to detail. 




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 01 "Arrival." 

______________________ 


Robin Kelly watched nervously as the young teenager beside her shifted in 
his sleep. The flight was only into it's second hour with another hour to 
go. She let out a slow breath as her temporary companion's eyes flickered 
back and forth in his dream. She watched as his cock extended. She stifled 
a giggle as the boy enjoyed a huge hard-on in the middle of his wet dream. 

Robin opened her book slightly again and stared at the pictures. A blank 
dust cover ensured no one could see the book's title. It was safer that way. 
She certainly didn't want people knowing her dark little secret, or desires. 
Robin was certainly a pleasure to look at. Long blond hair, a fantastic body 
and sexy smile added to her quiet personality and appearance. 

Robin had always endured a quiet life. Living in a small Midwestern town with 
her grandparents she yearned for a more exciting lifestyle. At twenty years 
old she felt like a hermit. The town was a mixture of old people and routine. 
The most exciting thing that happened in her teenage years was when a sewer 
pipe got blocked in the middle of town. Unfortunately it was cleared in less 
than a day. Robin secretly hoped it would stay blocked for weeks then there'd 
at least be something to talk about. 

Then one day Kelly's eyes were opened to a new way of thinking, and she owed 
it all to a book. A book that she found on the side of the road. She had been 
walking home from the last day of school for the year when she found an old 
tattered and beaten up book. It's cover was stained from years of neglect and 
obvious abuse. She picked it up and smoothed out the edges. Then opened to the 
first page. The title didn't make any sense to her, 'The Story of O.' She 
flicked in a few pages and gasped at the drawing. She quickly put the book 
inside her bag and went home to read it in privacy. 

A couple of days later Robin's sister Nancy called talking excitedly about 
flying Robin to stay with her and her husband Jim for the holidays. Robin 
jumped at the chance. And there she was, on a plane nearing it's destination. 
She waited until all the passengers had disembarked before she got out. A 
few minutes later she had found her way to the baggage terminal and retrieved 
her bag. 

As Kelly extended the bag's handle to pull it along she spied her sister 
Nancy smiling and waving. They caught up and hugged. Nancy was about Kelly's 
height and build. Her hair was a darker blond and shorter. Jim was well built 
and ruggedly handsome. After exchanging kisses and more hugs Jim took Kelly's 
bag and the trio left the airport. 
______________________ 

Kelly laughed when she saw her room. It was nearly twice as big as the one 
she had back home. She started unpacking when she heard Nancy knock on the 
door. 

"There are towels in the closet. Join us out by the pool when you're ready." 

Kelly called back saying she was going to have a shower then be right out. 
She waited until she couldn't hear Nancy's footsteps anymore and pulled out 
her book. She lay it on the bed and took off her clothes. She wondered where 
she could hide it. Standing naked she opened the book to her favourite page. 
It displayed a number of naked women about to hang. Their terrified looks 
evident of their peril. Kelly closed the book and slid it into a drawer with 
her clothes. She turned on the shower and enjoyed the cool water. Again she 
wondered if other people wanted to be like the girls in the book. 

Robin was wiping herself down when she heard another knock. Nancy asked if 
Robin could bring out an extra beach towel to the pool. Robin put on her 
black bikini and pulled open the closet doors. She grabbed a couple of 
beach towels and dropped them on the bed. She didn't know if Jim had one so 
she reach for the one on the top shelf when her fingers knocked against a 
cardboard box. She pulled down the towel and dropped it on the bed. Then 
she reached up and took hold of the box. Not realising how heavy it was 
it slid off the shelf and landed on Robin. Both girl and box landed heavily 
on the floor. 

The box spilled open and a number of photographs flowed out. Robin sat up 
and gasped at what she saw. She picked up one of the photos and recognised 
her sister Nancy, blind-folded and with a large dildo up her ass. She picked 
up another picture and even though it was only the lower part of a woman 
she knew it was Nancy with a sizeable dildo up her cunt. 

Robin then realised Nancy was a submissive like her, and that Jim must be 
her master. She looked at more pictures and realised how tough of a master 
Jim must be. She saw pictures of Nancy with steel clothespegs on her nipples. 
Another one with her sucking a huge cock. Another with her blindfolded 
and being whipped. 

Robin started getting excited. Finally she found someone else who enjoyed 
the lifestyle she so desperately wanted. She wondered how she could join in. 

Then Robin realised something which made her stomach drop. She was no longer 
alone in her room. She looked up to see Jim standing behind her. He didn't 
look very happy. He took the photos from Robin's hand. 

"I'll take those if you don't mind." he said, authoritatively. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 02 "Pool-Side." 
______________________ 

Robin could only stand there watching Jim. He was obviously not happy. 
Jim had called out to Nancy who came running. When Nancy saw the box and 
the photos spread on the floor her face went pale. 

"Oh dear." 

"Yes exactly. I'm not impressed Nancy. You will be punished." said Jim. 

Nancy looked to the floor. Jim turned to Robin. 

"Robin, I'll understand if you want to go to a motel." 

Conflicting thoughts and arguments were running through Robin's mind. She 
wanted a way into their lifestyle and she decided that it was now or never. 

"No Jim, I don't ... um ... well. It was me who was snooping around. I'm 
the one who deserves to be ... punished." 

Robin felt Jim looking at her long and hard. What may have only been a few 
seconds felt like hours. 

"Okay Robin. I agree. You were snooping and should be punished. But you 
must make a deal with me. From this point on until tomorrow morning you 
have to obey every command, understand?" 

Robin nodded her head, "Yes Sir." 

Nancy walked over and put her hand on Robin's shoulder. "Thanks Robin." 

"Good. Both of you strip. I want to get a good look at you Robin." 

Robin watched Jim leave the room when she noticed Nancy stripping off her 
bikini without hesitation. Nervously she did the same. 

"Are you sure this is okay with you sis?" asked Robin. 

Nancy smiled. "No problems with me sis. But I hope you know what you're in 
for. Jim can make bending over for Dad's straps feel easy." 

Robin was about to ask Nancy about the ring pierced through her cunt lip 
when Jim walked back into the room. 

"Okay slaves. Stand at attention. Hands behind your back and legs apart." 

Both girls turned to their master and followed his instructions. Jim took 
a few seconds to look Robin up and down. Robin's face reddened slightly. 
Then he held up the longest and thickest dildo she had ever seen. In his 
other hand he had a six foot long whip with a large piece of leather on 
the tip. 

"All right Robin and Nancy. I think twenty-five lashes each will teach you 
both a lesson and since Robin was particularly bad, you'll get this dildo 
worked into your punishment. Now quick march out to the pool so we can 
begin." 

The girls marched out of the room like soldiers and out into the backyard. 
Robin looked around nervously to see if the neighbours could see both her 
and her sister naked. She noted that Nancy didn't seem phased by all of 
this. 

Both girls followed their master over to the pool's springboard. Jim dropped 
the whip on the ground beside a coil of rope. He ordered Robin over to 
the springboard and to bend over. Robin watched as Jim dipped the dildo in 
the swimming pool water. He walked back over to Robin with an evil grin. 

" ... um .. Jim, I don't think that dildo will fit. It's a bit big for me." 

Jim chuckled. "Don't worry Robin, you'll be surprised at how much you can 
take. Ask Nancy, she can get a man's whole fist up her asshole." 

Robin felt Jim's hand on her buttocks pulling them open. Then she felt the 
tip of the dildo and tears rolled down her face as Jim slowly pushed it in. 
Her anal muscles protested at the instruction and ached. 

Robin cried out to Jim to stop as it hurt so much. But Jim wasn't stopping 
now. He pushed it harder and harder until it suddenly slid in deep. Robin's 
anal ring stung and was very tender. Tears continued to roll down Robin's 
red hot cheeks. 

Robin gasped for breath. She held onto the springboard tightly trying to 
avoid any movement that would cause more pain. She felt a hand on her 
shoulders as Jim pulled her upwards to stand up. The dildo grated against 
Robin's sensitive anal flesh. Robin could only watch as Jim tied a rope 
around her wrists. 

"First time with the whip Robin?" asked Jim. Robin nodded. 

"Good, it's quite easy once you get going." replied her Master. 

He then led her over to a tree with a very large branch in the garden. 
He threw Robin's rope over the branch. Nancy stood about two metres away 
from Robin holding a rope in her hands. Jim took the offering and also tied 
her wrists together. He threw the rope over the branch and pulled on it to 
clear the slack. 

Robin looked at Nancy. Nancy seemed to be hiding a smile. Jim took the two 
ropes ends to a large steel hook in the ground. Robin watched as Jim tied 
a loop in each rope with practised ease. He then took Nancy's rope and pull 
on it hard. Nancy was already prepared with her arms above her head and her 
body was lifted off the ground. Jim quickly dropped the loop over the steel 
hook and Nancy was now suspended a foot above the ground. Robin watched as 
Nancy twisted and turned in the air trying to get her wrists comfortable. 

"Ready Robin?" asked Jim. 

Robin nodded and likewise lifted her arms above her head. She watched as 
Jim pulled on the rope and lifted her off the ground. He looped the rope 
over the steel hook and Robin dropped only a couple of inches. She was 
easily a foot off the ground. She realised she had no control over which 
way she faced, and worse, no control to get back to the ground. She was 
now at Jim's mercy. 

Robin looked over her shoulder to see Jim picking up the whip. She turned 
to Nancy. 

"Does it really hurt?" 

Nancy nodded. "Sure does sis. You also hear the sound before the bite." 

Jim warmed up his arm by swinging it around a few times. Robin watched as 
Jim dropped the whip on the ground, walked over and picked up a large rock. 
He grunted slightly from the weight but did a few bicep presses. Nancy 
saw Robin looking with a puzzled frown. 

"It's okay sis. He's only do this to strengthen his arm for us. It makes 
the whip hurt more." 

Robin stared at her sister. She tried to twist her legs to get a better 
view and the dildo in her ass caused her to gasp. It didn't matter as 
Jim was returning. He picked up the whip and judged the distance between 
him and Nancy. He drew back his arm and swung it around quickly. The whip 
made a strong swishing sound and then slap. Nancy groaned as the whip 
struck her across the ass. 

Nancy gritted her teeth then quickly called out, "One!" 

Robin watched as Jim pulled back again and whipped Nancy across her 
belly. Nancy's body shook. "Two." 

Three more times Jim struck Nancy's body. Each time he hit Nancy's body 
shook and danced in the air. Jim didn't care if he hit her across the 
back, belly, ass, legs or breasts. It was up to fate which ever way she 
was facing at the time. "Five." 

Robin looked over her shoulder and saw Jim judging the distance between 
him and her. She knew this was for real now. Her first whipping. The 
dildo in her ass caused her muscles to ache. Her vagina was hot and 
spewing out juices which rolled down her leg. Jim drew back his arm and 
... whoosh ... smack! The pain struck Robin like a lightning strike across 
her lower back. It hurt and Robin cried out. 

Jim stood there waiting while Robin gasped. She breathed quickly and then 
realised he was waiting for her. "One." 

Jim smiled and drew the whip back again. This time he struck her across 
her thighs. Robin gritted her teeth and tried to hold back a scream. She 
was very unsuccessful. "Two." 

Three more times Jim struck her. Two on the ass and one on the belly. 
Robin gasped for breath and uttered a silent thank you as Jim turned back 
to his wife. Five more times he struck her each accompanied by Nancy 
shouting out the count. Then it was Nancy's turn again. 

By the time Robin reached twenty five she was exhausted. Sweat covered 
her body and made it glisten in the hot sun. Her hair was stuck to her 
face and her body felt like one huge ache. 

"Not bad Robin. You say this is the first time you've been whipped?" 

Robin nodded. "So what do you say to me?" asked Jim. 

"... um ... thanks master." 

"Good. That's what I like to hear. I love the colouring of welts on 
your body. They've come up very nicely. The whip is probably one of the 
easiest tools to use." 

Robin agreed, 'Just yell when you're hit.' she thought. 

She felt herself rise up a little and then dropped back to earth. Her 
legs didn't support her and she flopped to the ground. She looked up to 
see Nancy still dangling in mid-air. Jim took the whip and without even 
prompting Nancy spread her legs. He pushed the rough leather handle up 
deep into her twat. Nancy made a painful face but it disappeared when 
Jim had finished. 

"Okay Robin, on all fours. Let's remove that dildo. I want to see how 
well you suck my cock." 

Robin was only too happy to obey. The dildo came out with a soft pop 
and Robin shivered from it's removal. She waited a few seconds then 
stood up. Jim was looking at the dildo. It was slightly covered in 
Robin's shit. 

He turned to his wife. "What would you say if I fucked your little 
sister Nancy?" 

"You can do what you like master. You're the boss." 

"Good girl. Now open up." 

Nancy opened her mouth up wide and Jim inserted the shit-stained dildo 
in between her teeth. 

"I want that clean by the time I'm finished." he ordered. 

Jim turned to Robin and pointed at her to kneel on the ground. He made 
sure that Nancy had a full view of her sister sucking her husband's cock. 

"Okay Robin, do you like sucking cock?" 

Robin shook her head. "I've never tried before master. Here goes." 

Robin took Jim's cock-head into her mouth. She was unprepared for when 
he pushed it further in. Robin wanted to gag but suppressed her reflexes. 
She gripped the cock with her lips and bopped her head up and down. Very 
quickly Jim started to groan. He took a tight hold of her hair and made 
sure she went at a steady pace. 

"Look at your sister Nancy. She sucks cock good. She is a great fuck. 
I can't wait to open up her tight pussy. You'll like cock-sucking Robin. 
Nancy is great. I've seen her suck off over twenty-five men in one night. 
I'm sure you'll learn just as fast." 

Robin tried to listen but she was more focused on bringing Jim to a 
climax and trying not to gag. Then she felt a large hit on the back of 
her throat. It was hot and very salty. She knew it was Jim's cum. Jim 
was moaning and continued to fuck into Robin's mouth. 

"That's it Robin. Swallow it all. You are a good cock-sucker." 

Robin cleaned up Jim's cock. He promised her that as soon as he was good 
and hard again, he was going to fuck her pussy. Robin agreed. He was the 
master and his word was law. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 03 "Three-some." 

Jim waited until Robin had cleaned his cock. He then walked over to Nancy 
and twisted the whip handle inside her cunt. Nancy groaned from the rough 
treatment. Jim pulled out the dildo from her mouth and inspected it. 

"Not bad wife. Robin come here." 

Robin moved to stand beside Jim and he indicated for her to get on all fours. 
She did and felt the dildo being pushed back into her asshole. Jim twisted 
the dildo around with Robin gasping and moaning. He pulled it out and was 
satisfied that it was dirty enough again. Nancy automatically opened her 
mouth and the dildo was re-inserted for her to clean. 

Robin felt Jim pull her up by her hair. She stood up and he walked her over 
to the springboard. There she sat down and opened her legs. Jim didn't wait 
as he beat his cock. Once it was hard again he pushed Robin back onto the 
board and he entered her pussy. 

"Hhhmmm ... you're very tight Robin. Have you been fucked recently?" 
asked Jim. 

"No Sir. I broke up with my boyfriend about a year ago. We never really 
had proper sex. We always kept our clothes on so it was hard for him to 
push his tiny cock in all the way." 

"How does it feel to be spread open and fucked like this in front of your 
sister?" 

"Embarrassing." 

"Want me to stop?" 

"Oh no. Don't stop. Please don't." 

After about a minute of thrusting, Robin achieved her first real orgasms. 
Her body felt like it was both hot and cold at the same time. She couldn't 
control her moaning and tried to push more of Jim's cock into her body. 

"I'm coming ... I'm coming ... oh gawd ... I'm coming ... aahhhhhhhh!" 

Once Robin had finished shaking Jim stood up and wiped off his cock on 
Robin's hair. He walked over to Nancy and removed the clean dildo from 
her mouth. 

"It's time for my slave to show her appreciation to her husband." 

"Yes Master." 

Nancy's feet touch the ground and Jim removed her ropes. He took the rope 
over to Robin's body and tied her spread-eagle down to the spring-board. 
Nancy was ordered to kneel in between Robin's legs and lick her sister's 
cunt. Nancy swallowed in a lot of Robin's and Jim's juices. When Jim 
finally finished tieing Robin down he ordered Nancy to bend over her 
sister. Nancy knew she was about to be fucked hard and deep in the ass. 

"Oh yeah. You're still tight Nancy. I might try your sister later for a 
comparison." 

Nancy loved being ass-fucked. She looked down at her sister as she felt 
Jim's cock impale her deeply. Robin looked so turned on. Her nipples 
were long and erect. Her body was flushed from the orgasm. Her breasts 
were pushed up from the rope loops around them. Jim moaned again and 
pulled out of Nancy. 

"Okay Slave. Place your hot cunt over Robin's mouth. I want her to clean 
you out big time. If it's not to my satisfaction, then I'll get the old 
wire brush and clean it out for you." 

Nancy positioned herself over Robin's mouth. Robin's tongue was already 
darting upwards waiting. The two orifices came together and Nancy squealed 
as her sister tongue fucked her pussy. Cum from Nancy's ass leaked out 
onto Robin's head and hair. But Robin didn't care. Robin noticed the 
ring in Nancy's cunt lip. It said Club X. She made a mental note to ask 
Nancy what it meant. 

After about twenty minutes Jim broke the two girls up. He untied Robin 
from the board. 

"Sorry ladies. I've got work tomorrow." said Jim. 

Both girls got up and walked back to the house. 

"That was so great. Thank you Jim and Nancy." 

"No worries Robin," said Jim, "Always happy to give a house guest a 
good time. Good night." 

"Good night." said Robin as she made her way back to her room. She had 
a quick shower and lay down naked on the bed. Going back over the last 
few hours in her mind she realised she forgot to ask Nancy what Club X 
was. In the morning she would ask. 
______________________ 

"Good morning Sleep-head. How did you sleep?" 

Robin shyly grinned to her sister. Mostly because her sister was naked 
in the kitchen making a coffee. Robin took the offered cup and sat down 
at the table. Robin looked down at her undergarments. 

"Okay thanks .. um ... should I strip? I wasn't sure." asked Robin. 

Nancy giggled. "No darling, not if you don't want to. I stay naked because 
I'm Jim's slave and this is how he wants me." 

"Oh," said Robin before taking a sip of coffee. "Is that why you shave 
your pussy?" 

Nancy sat down. "Sure is. It's also why a wear a collar." 

Nancy watched her sister's eyes as they looked at the ring in her vagina 
lip. 

"Here, let me explain. My slave vows to Jim are total. That means if he 
wants he can torture me, sell me or even kill me ... and I will submit 
if it makes him happy." 

Robin looked at her sister. She seemed genuinely happy about her 
relationship. 

"Wow sis. I really envy you. Can I ask a question?" 

Nancy nodded taking a sip of her coffee. 

"What is Club X?" asked Robin. 

Nancy swallowed her mouthful. "Hhhmm ... well, I guess it's okay to tell 
you. It's a Master and Slave Club we belong to. It's very secret and each 
slave has a number on her tag when we join. That reminds me. Tonight is a 
club meeting so I hope you won't mind being alone tonight." 

Robin's eyes lit up. "Meeting tonight? Oh Nancy, can I come? Please?" 

"Gee Robin. I don't know. There might be things there you're not ready for." 

After a minute or so of begging Nancy said she would contact Jim to see 
if it was okay. Nancy continued to feel that the rough stuff they got up 
to would be too much for her little sister. 

Half an hour later while Robin was out in the pool, Nancy gave Jim a call 
at work. 

"Well sweetheart, she really wants to go. It sounds like she's thought it 
through .... she can, thank you. She'll be thrilled ... oh, there is a 
lottery tonight? .... um .. are you going to enter me? ... I already am, 
oh .. okay. How many others? ... six so far ... and they want two. Yeah, 
I think that's all ... um .. what kind of party are they having tonight? 
... Bar-b-que ... Yes I'll be ready when you get home. Love you." 

Nancy put the phone down and stared at the wall for a few seconds. She 
then picked up a beach towel and went out to the pool to join Robin. 

"Okay sis. Jim says you can go as long as you obey him and wear a collar." 

Robin jumped up from her sun-tanning and hugged Nancy. 

"Thanks Nancy ... this will be so much fun. I can't wait." 

Nancy smiled. "Yeah, it'll be a wild party." 

"Will I have to go naked like you?" 

"I don't know. Probably not." 

Robin watched as Nancy dived into the pool and floated up on her back. 
She looked at her sister's naked body. Could she be naked in front of 
strangers? ... or other men. She guessed she'll soon find out. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 04 "Club X." 

Robin sat quietly in the car running her finger between her neck and collar 
as Jim drove to the Club-house. He talked about Club X and it's history. 
Robin was fascinated. Club X had been around for nearly four hundred years. 
They drove over another bump and Robin heard a thud in the car's boot. 
She wondered if Nancy was alright. It was normal for slaves to be 
transported in the boot of the car. 

After a few turns along country roads they finally arrived at the club. 
To Robin it looked like a Biker's pub. Jim drove the car around the side 
of the building. The building itself was at the top of a valley. She couldn't 
see into the valley as the thick trees and hedges made it very private. 
Jim turned off the car engine and they both got out. 

Robin saw other men and slaves going into the building's side entrance. 
Some of the slaves were dressed, others naked. Some walked while others 
scrambled along on all fours on the rough stones and gravel. Presumably 
from their master's orders. 

Jim helped a naked Nancy out of the boot and she rubbed some of her aches. 
Then the trio walked into the entrance. A large tattooed man who was 
obviously a bouncer stopped them. Jim gave him a code-word and was allowed 
to enter. Robin could feel the leering eyes of the bouncer on her back as 
they entered. 

The first thing Robin noticed was the moaning. No screaming occurred. One 
of the rules of torturing a slave was to make sure they were gagged so the 
noise wouldn't upset other patrons. The other thing she noticed was the 
smell of sweat. Bright lights lit up the room well presumably to help the 
masters see the anguish on their slave's face. 

Immediately she noticed that all the girls were naked. She asked Jim if she 
too should be naked and he shook his head. It was okay for girls to be 
clothed. Robin turned her head in the direction of a squeal. In a corner by 
the bar a girl was the target for a game of darts. Her breasts and pussy 
had bulleyes painted on them with scores. Another dart embedded into her 
breast as Robin watched on. 

Her eyes moved over to a slave in a very cramped cage. So small was the cage 
that the girl had no option but to sit with her ass flat on the bottom. She 
had hardly any room to move her head as it was hunched down. Robin was 
startled by a flash and watched intently as fingers of flames roared up from 
a gas grill below the cage. This sent a huge amount of heat into the cage. 
The flames licked and scorched the slave in the cage. She screamed into her 
gag and despite her hands being free she didn't remove the gag. Again the 
flames roared into life and brushed over the slave's body with a shorter 
burst. Robin guessed the grill was set to random intervals and intensities. 

Robin looked over to the bar. A number of men were seated and enjoying a 
drink. The bartender was busy fucking a slave with a large bottle of wine. 
He was also singing her nipples with a lit cigar. Another man which Robin 
considered to be the master held the girl's arms down. 

Beside then knelt a girl who was tied to a stool. She was blind-folded 
and bound. Next to her was a "For sale" sign detailing her measurements and 
price. Robin's eye grew wide when she read the rest of the sign which said 
the girl could be sold for parts. 

Jim suggested a drink and Robin certainly agreed. The trio went over to 
the bar. Jim sat down as did Robin while Nancy knelt on the floor beside 
Jim. The bartender came over and frowned at Robin. He looked at Jim to 
query if she should be seated or not. Jim nodded his head and ordered a 
couple of drinks. Robin looked over her shoulder. 

Two men were laughing as a woman was dragging her pussy along a wooden 
beam which sharp nails sticking upwards. The beam could be raised or 
lowered to suit the girl's height. One of the men kept telling her to 
come to him. She moaned into her gag as she tip-toed along the floor 
with the nails tearing into her tender flesh. Trickles of blood were 
running down her inner thighs. 

Another girl was suspended by a rope from the ceiling. Her slave mistress 
was enjoying herself by pushing large needles through her slave's 
nipples. Then Robin's attention was captured by a slave girl lying on 
top of a table. She was tightly tied spread-eagle while her owner was 
tying some thin rope around her nipples. He then took a larger rope and 
using a metal cylinder with holes in it, grind it into his slave's 
pubic hair. After enough hair was caught he put in a stopper and tied 
it off so the hair couldn't escape. 

The slave watched as her master went over to a pulley rope in the wall 
and twisted the wheel. Slowly and with a lot of moaning the girl was 
lifted off the table by her nipples and pubic hair. She was nearly a 
foot off the table before the man stopped turning the wheel and locked 
it into place. He went back to his slave and admired his handiwork. 
Then he took out a long metal device. 

"That's a pussy-zapper." said Jim. "It delivers a small electrical charge. 
Normally it's like an electric fence but if used in a tender spot on a 
girl, can caused serious discomfort." 

Robin, Jim and the kneeling Nancy watched as the man stuck the probe 
deep into his slave's pussy and pulled the trigger. Immediately the girl 
jolted and swung from her ropes. Her breasts were pulled incredibly 
tight. Tears streamed down the girl's cheeks as her master zapped her 
nipples, armpits, thighs, toes and anything else he considered worthy of 
a good jolt. 

Robin turned away, took her drink and sipped it. A few minutes later a 
girl in a dominatrix uniform came up to Jim. 

"Hi Jim, Hi Nancy. I'm just collecting the tags for the lottery tonight." 

Nancy stood up and pushed out her nether region. The girl unclipped the 
tag from Nancy's vagina ring and dropped it into a container. 

"Don't worry Slave. There are seven girls entered tonight." 

Nancy gave a quick smile but knew that two girls were to be picked. 

"When does it begin Candy?" asked Jim. 

"In about half an hour. Good luck Nancy." 

".. um ...thanks Candy." stammered Nancy. 

Robin watched all this and wondered what happened to the two chosen. After 
a few minutes Jim disappeared to talk to someone. Robin took the opportunity 
to ask Nancy what the lottery was about. 

"Oh," said Nancy, "The two chosen girls help out with the Club Pig Roast. 
It's a monthly event." 

Robin nodded. "That doesn't sound too bad." 

Nancy rolled her eyes. "Robin, they don't roast pigs here." 

It took a few seconds before Robin got the gist of Nancy's meaning. 

"But Nancy. That's ... cannibalism!" 

Nancy nodded. "Yeah, it is." 
______________________ 

Ten minutes later Jim returned. "Okay Nancy, time to go downstairs. Robin, 
you can come too but you have to strip." 

Robin thought it would be time for her to lose her clothes. She didn't like 
feeling left out. Nancy looked at Robin. 

"Ah Robin, maybe you should wait here. Jim can put you in a holding cage." 

"... um .. no. I'd rather go with you guys. I don't want to miss the 
drawing. Should I get undressed?" 

Jim nodded. "Yes, and you'll both have to be bound to be allowed downstairs. 
So hurry up." 

Robin took off her clothes while Jim tied Nancy's hands behind her back. 
He then pushed Nancy over a nearby table and pulled his cock out of his 
pants. He was rock solid and he pushed into Nancy's tight pussy. 

"So slave, how do you feel about all this? This could be your last fuck of 
your life. In an hour or so you could be turning over a bed of hot coals." 

"Oh yeah ... please fuck me harder master. I just want to serve you and 
taking part in the lottery pleases you, I'm happy." 

"And will you still be happy if you end up the main course tonight?" 

Nancy moaned as she cumed. "You don't think I could lose do you?" 

Robin watched as her sister was being fucked. Then she was distracted by 
a man who had brought the slave she saw for sale earlier. He sat the slave 
down at the bar and ordered four nails and a hammer. Robin thought this was 
a weird request. She watched as the bartender gave the man the hammer and 
nails. The woman's boobs were on the bar, the man put a nail over one of 
the boobs and hammered the nail through. The girl screamed and tried to 
remain still while the other three nails went in. 

She then felt Jim tied her wrists together behind her back. She loved 
having her hands tied behind her back. She was naked and bound. She loved 
the warm feel in her tummy and knew that any man in this place could fuck 
her, torture her and do whatever they wanted to her. She enjoyed the 
feelings of being a slave and wanted it to last forever. 

Jim took both Nancy and Robin's arms and led them to a door. On the front 
it said Club X Dungeon. It also had a list of rules but Robin only got to 
read the first one which talked about slaves being bound before it opened 
and they went down the stairs. 

"Okay Robin," said Jim, "You'll now see the real Club X." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 05 "Dungeon." 

As they descended the stairs Robin smelled sweat once again, but this time 
it was intermingled with burning flesh. As they descended the screams and loud 
moans gained intensity. Her pussy was already juiced and it started flowing 
again as they got to the floor. She stood there with wide eyes taking in the 
room's activities. 

"Wow! I never knew it was so heavy." she exclaimed. 

She looked over to a slave who was tied bent over a cross. Her master was 
pushing thick red hot pokers into his slave's ass and cunt. The girl 
screams were deafening. The more she wriggled the more her body came into 
contact with the pokers. Her master pushed the pokers in deeper and deeper. 

Another slave was suspended by a rope in the ceiling. She had a metal ring 
through her cunt lips connected to a length of chain. At the end of the 
chain was a large metal ball. It was cruelly stretching her vagina lips. 
Combined this with razor wire wrapped around the girl's breasts and a 
large metal rod with a sharp end being pushed through the girl's breasts. 
The slave was blindfolded and gagged. She also didn't appear to be moaning. 
Robin wondered if she was dead. 

A man with a hood was ass-fucking a slave. The slave's mistress had just 
cut off the girl's breasts and calling out for some dogs to eat the large 
mammary glands while the slave watched on. 

Robin was then distracted by a man pulling along his slave. He obviously 
wasn't happy with her and told her to get up onto a bench. The bench 
had a very nasty circular saw blade on top. The slave did as she was told 
and laid back on the bench. Her pussy was facing the blade. She looked up 
at her master hoping to see a smile. She got one, but it wasn't a smile 
of fun, it was a smile of deadly enjoyment. 

Her master flicked the blade and it responded with a tinging noise. He told 
his slave that she must push herself down onto the blade. Then without a 
second look he turned the saw on. The motor screamed into life. The slave 
stared at the circular spinning wheel between her legs. She felt the breeze 
of the saw against her sensitive inner-thighs. Then her master put his hands 
on her shoulders and pushed her forwards. 

Robin watched on in horror as the blade tore into the girl's pussy and 
body. The slave did as she was told and held her body down tight to the 
bench as the blade tore into her body. Her master continued to push her 
onwards. The terrified look of the slave was the last thing Robin saw and 
she closed her eyes. A few seconds later and the blade was turned off. 
Robin opened her eyes and saw the slave had been cut in two. 

"That must be a new addition." said Nancy. She looked Robin. "Told you it 
got rough down here sis. Do you want to go back upstairs?" 

Robin was shaken by what she saw and definately considered the idea of 
going back upstairs. But she knew this is the lifestyle she wanted. 
"...um ... no. I'm okay. Bit of a mess though." 

Nancy looked at Robin. She smiled when she saw Robin smiling at her. 
Robin was enjoying all this thought Nancy. 

Robin turned around and saw another slave. Her master had a strong of 
razor wire between her legs. It was run through a pulley in the ceiling. 
The master pulled on the wire and as his slave slid down the wire it ripped 
into her cunt and ass flesh. Then she was slowly lifted off the ground as 
the wire cut into her. The master grabbed his slave's legs and pulled her 
up and down the wire. Blood was streaming out of the slave's cuts. 

Robin wondered if there was a competition to see who could be the most 
brutal amongst the masters. It seemed like all the slaves were being tested 
or tortured beyond the point of sanity. But then she thought that this is 
what the slaves signed on for when they made their vows. 

Robin and Nancy felt Jim pull on their arms and they allowed him to push 
them into the next room. There Robin saw more tortures. A slave was bleeding 
from numerous holes in her body. A man was poking her with a three ponged 
trident. The slave stood there. Apart from her hands tied behind her back 
she wasn't bound to a post or the floor. She was standing their because her 
master commanded it. 

Another slave was screaming as her master was pushing her down onto a large 
wooden seat. It was totally covered with inch long spikes. Her master was 
forcing her to gyrate and rub herself on the spikes. 

Beside her was a slave lying on her back on a wheel. It was spinning around 
slowly. A man stood there with a serious look on his face while another man 
was whipping the slave. She screamed with each strike and like Robin, counted 
the strikes. She was nearing seventy when Jim ushered the girls out through 
another door outside. 

There was a large crowd ready to watch the drawing of the lottery. Jim took 
Nancy up to the podium. Robin was watching the crowd. It was a mix of slaves, 
masters. Some just standing there, others in various torture positions. Jim 
returned to Robin's side. Robin saw that her sister was standing up on the 
podium with six other girls. Her number was taped to her leg. She was number 
twenty five. 

A tinny voice cut through the crowd noise. Masters and slaves went silent. 
"Good evening masters and slaves. We had a good turn out for the BBQ tonight 
so let's get started. Two numbers will be drawn tonight. If you're number 
isn't picked, return back to your master. Good luck. Mistress Michelle will 
pick the first number." 

Nancy stood there watching the crowd. 

"Number 117 ... Caroline Nolan." 

Robin saw a girl standing beside Nancy. She stared straight ahead. The girl 
who was picked walked down the stairs. Then it was quiet again as the next 
number was drawn to see who was the next to be roasted.. 

"Number 25 ... Nancy Lynde." 

"Oh no!" exclaimed Nancy. Robin looked up at her sister and watched as she 
came down the stairs to join the other girl. The crowd clapped for both 
Nancy and Caroline. A man in a Club X t-shirt stood beside the girls and 
put his hands up for quiet. 

"Thank you everyone. Come back in half an hour to see the spitting. Enjoy 
yourselves in the Dungeon or upstairs in the bar. Thank you." 

The crowd dispersed while Nancy and Caroline were led away. 

"Hi Nancy, my name is Caroline." 

"Hi Caroline. Tough break huh?" 

"You're telling me," said Caroline. "This is my first time here and I was 
only doing it for a dare. I'm only eighteen. I'm so scared. I don't want 
to piss myself before they roast me." 

"You'll be okay Caroline," comforted Nancy. "They'll let you go to the 
toilet before we go back. I guess you haven't been to a cook out before?" 

"No, why?" asked Caroline. 

"Well, let's just say they don't tie you to the pole." 

"Really? But they have to or we'll slip around and ... oh ... oh gawd!" 
______________________ 

Ten minutes later Nancy was sitting on a table having her pussy hair 
shaved. She was staring at the clock on the wall and estimated she had 
twenty minutes left to live. Once she was shaved she was led to a jail 
cell where Caroline was waiting. She wondered if this was how a turkey 
felt before the killing. 

"Hey Nancy. You've been to these cookouts before right?" asked Caroline. 

"Yeah. A couple." 

"Silly question, but is the food any good." 

Nancy smiled. "Yeah Caroline. It's fantastic. Especially the breasts 
and cunt." 

The door opened. Jim and Robin walked in. Jim had attached a leash to 
Robin's collar. Another man entered and Nancy assumed it was Caroline's 
master. 

"Hi Sweetheart. I'm sorry you lost the draw." said Jim. 

"It's okay. I guess I am kind of scared." 

Nancy looked at Robin. "Do me a favour Robin. Please look after Jim until 
he gets a new slave." 

Without even thinking Robin said yes. She was too busy listening in on 
Caroline's conversation. 

"Danny. Please make up some story for my Dad. I don't think he'd like the 
idea of his little girl being roasted and eaten by strangers." 

They chatted for a few minutes. Then jailer returned and said it was time 
for the slaves to go out and get cooking. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 06 "Cook-out." 

Nancy and Caroline walked through a gap in the crowd. A number of slaves 
were sucking off their masters. A few were being tortured. One was 
hanging by her hair and being whipped across the ass. Both slaves were 
directed to a table where two nine foot long steel poles waited. Nancy 
knew she was about to become very intimate with one of them. 

"Hello girls. You ready for a hot time?" asked the cook. 

Nancy hoped the guy was a better cook than a comedian. He certainly 
wasn't much to look at. The cook took Caroline and bent her over the 
table. He pulled back his apron to show off the biggest cock Caroline 
had ever seen. The cook took the slave's arms and pushed his cock into 
her pussy. She moaned as it pummelled her and reamed her pussy walls. 
Caroline was near cuming when the cook pulled out. 

"Okay Caroline, let's get you skewered." said the cook. 

Caroline followed the cooks instructions and climbed up onto the table. 

"Please, a little longer. I don't want to die." she sob. 

"Sorry Caroline. I'm finished. Now open up." 

Caroline opened her pussy lips to allow the steel spike in. She felt it 
enter between her cunt lips and make it's way down to her cervix. 

"Any last words Caroline?" asked the cook. 

"Please. I don't want to be eaten." 

"Sorry Caroline. Your number has come up and that puts you on he menu. Now 
hold still for me." 

"Yes Sir ... I'll try." 

Another man came over and took hold of Caroline's shoulders to brace her. 
Nancy watched as the cook steadied his hand and with a huge effort he 
pushed forward with both his strength and weight onto the spike. Caroline 
felt the spike slice into her belly. She screamed as the spike pushed 
through her into stomach and slowly twisted up into her throat. One more 
push and it was sticking out of her mouth by nearly a foot. Nancy watched 
on shivering in horror. 

"Excellent. That's done." said the cook. 

Nancy watched as the cook slid a short metal stabiliser spike down the metal 
spike. He pushed it into Caroline's asshole and by it's length Nancy knew 
it went far deeper than what her asshole was capable of taking. 

"Marbot. Tie that slave to the spit while I do Nancy here." 

Nancy felt herself being pushed into a kneeling position. The cook was 
holding her spit pole. He dropped it down and balanced it on her shoulder. 
She shivered from how cold it is. Right in front of her was the cook's very 
large cock.Nancy knew what he wanted. 

"Nancy, I think you should have the last meal." 

Nancy opened her mouth and tried to take in the cook's cock. Fortunately 
she could open her mouth wide but not take it all the way in. She tried 
her best to suck it. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the cook's two 
assistants lift up Caroline on her spit. She couldn't follow where they 
were taking her. Nancy felt the tell-tale signs of the cook cuming but he 
pulled out beforehand. 

"Fantastic. You always gave good head Nancy. But I want to fuck you in 
the pussy before I shoot my load." 

Nancy stood up and was directed to the table. She lay on her back and 
spread her legs. The cook stuffed his cock deep into her pussy. After the 
cook shot his cum all over Nancy's body Nancy looked up in surprised to 
see Jim holding the roasting spit. 

"Are you ready to cook Nancy?" he asked. 

"..um ... yeah Jim. I guess it's up to you." 

"Let's get you spared then." said Jim. 

Nancy stood up and Jim came up behind her. He wrapped his arms around her 
and kissed her on the shoulder. 

"Okay honey. Just bend over and I'll slip the pole into your cunt. Kevin 
will take it from there." said Jim. 

"Okay darling. I hope I taste good for you. Will you hold me when he does 
it?" 

"Sure." smiled Jim. 

Nancy bent over and felt the pole enter her cunt and slide all the way up 
to her cervix. She watched as Jim came around and held her shoulders. 

"Any last words Nancy." he asked. 

"Oh gawd ... I'm so sorry I'm shaking so much. I'm a little nervous." 

She felt the pole being picked up and pushed hard against her cervix. 

"Don't worry. I've made room in the freezer for leftovers. Okay honey. 
Get ready now." said Jim. 

"Okay sweetheart. Goodbye. Bye Robin." 

Jim held his slave's shoulders and gave Kevin a nod with his head. 
Kevin pushed hard with the spike and it slide through Nancy's body like 
a hot knife through butter. One more thrust and the pole was sticking 
out of Nancy's mouth. She felt the cold steel rod right through her 
insides. A sharp pain jolted her ass and she realised they had put the 
stabiliser rod in. Tears streamed down Nancy's cheeks. Shock started 
to set in and Nancy floated in a stream of adrenaline. 

"Why is she moving so much on the spike?" asked one of the assistants. 

"Probably nerves I think." said Kevin. 

A few minutes later Jim and Robin were watching Nancy and Caroline rotating 
slowly on the spit. Jim looked at Robin. She seemed worried. 

"What's the matter Robin?" he asked. 

"Gee Jim, you don't think Nancy is still alive ... I think I saw her blink 
just now." 

Behind Robin was a slave in a vertical frame. She was cuffed spread-eagle 
with large rings in her nipples. Her master was tightening a rope around 
her midsection causing it to shrink. The slave lost control of her bladder 
and pissed. Robin ignored the smell of urine. 

One of the assistant cooks poked at Robin's ass with a fork. Robin yelped 
and stepped back. 

"Hi Jim. It'll be six hours before they're ready to eat. Why don't you two 
go and play." said the assistant cook. 

"Good idea Liz. Come on Robin," said Jim pulling on her leash. "I'll show 
you a game that Nancy and I liked." 

As Robin was led away she heard a slave pleading with her master. She was 
stretched spread-eagle with a metal dildo up her cunt and with nasty clamps 
on her nipples. They were attached to a large metal box with a handle. 

"Please Lou ... I'm afraid of electricity." pleaded the slave. 

"Don't worry Beth," said Lou. "I'm just going to give you a little buzz." 

Robin watched as Lou pushed down on the handle. Immediately electricity 
flowed through Beth's body. She shook like a strangled fish on a fishing 
line. Beth's hair straighten out and her muscles started to cook and smoke. 
By the time Lou switched off the electricity Beth's hair was on fire. 

"Oops. I over did it. I better put her hair out." said Lou. 

Robin and Jim watched as Beth was dropped to the ground. She was dead. 
Smoke curled up into the breeze from her nipples and cunt. Both parts of 
the slave's body was severely singed. Her lifeless eyes looked up into 
the sky. 

"Phew. Lucky I tested it on Beth first. Okay Sherry, your turn." 

Jim pulled on Robin's leash. "Come Robin, I want to have your cunt shaved." 

"Yes Jim." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Club X 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 07 "Clean-up." 

Jim introduced Robin to a guy named Eddie. Eddie was a big bloke, shy smile 
and relaxed attitude. Eddie also had a cut-throat razor in his hand. 

"Robin, this is Eddie. You just follow his instructions okay." said Jim as 
he left her and walked back to the main building. 

"Okay." Robin watched Jim leave then turned to look at Eddie. 

"Hi." she said flashing him a smile. Eddie smiled back. 

He ordered Robin to sit on the ground and spread her legs. She watched him 
as he shook a can of shaving cream and squirted some into his palm. 
After rubbing the cream onto her mound Robin's pubic hair all stood up from 
the cold cream and obvious attention. Eddie set to work reducing Robin's 
triangle to a vaginal vertical line. Eddie pulled Robin's vagina lips 
slightly to clean her off. She loved Eddie's sensitive touch. 

"Ummm, this isn't too bad. Feels nice. What happens next?" asked Robin. 

Eddie used a towel to wipe away the remaining cream. 

"Well, you are going to entertain our guard service tonight. We always put 
a girl out for the gang of bikers who guard this place." said Eddie. 

Robin just stared at him. Without a word Eddie picked up Robin by her arm 
and led her over to a pole in the ground. He untied her and told her to 
sit. 

"You must remain here until your master returns. Understand?" said Eddie. 

Robin nodded. 

Ten minutes later Robin's ass was getting numb. She then heard some gruff 
voices and looked over. Six men in leather jackets came out. Most of them 
had beards and tattoos. Some were overweight and ugly. Some even worse. 

Robin gulped loudly as the men walked over to her. Even from here she could 
smell the stench of beer and cigarette smoke on the clothes. 

"Well, let's have a look at this." said one of the bikers. 

Robin felt a very powerful hand lift her up. She stood while a biker behind 
her held her arms. The rest of the group devoured her with their eyes. Then 
without warning one of the bikers back-slapped Robin across the face. If it 
wasn't for the assistance of the biker behind her she would have crumpled 
to the ground. 

"Hey Nails," said the biker behind her, "Bend her over." 

She felt herself being forced onto her hands and knees. Then without any 
ceremony or lube, the man entered her ass. Robin gasped as the biker's cock 
penetrated deep into her rectum. She couldn't make a sound as he started to 
hammer away into her insides. 

"Uummm, nice. Come on boys. She's still got two more holes." said the biker. 

It took some effort but Robin was lifted over to straddle a fairly overweight 
biker. His cock immediately shot up into Robin's cunt. Another biker stood 
in front of Robin's face and he shoved his cock into her mouth. All three 
men buggered, fucked and rammed their penises as deep as they could into 
Robin's body. She felt like she was a dog's favourite chew-toy. 

A few minutes later the men squirted their juices into Robin and then pushed 
her off. She lay on the ground trying to catch her breath. Robin looked up 
to laughing and saw another six bikers had joined the original group. One 
pulled her up onto her knees by her hair and presented his cock to her. 
Robin put her mouth around it and sucked it all she could. 

"Umm, nice girl. But enough of this dainty shit, swallow it all cunt." 

"Mmppphhh ... oh gawd, I'll choke to death," choked Robin around the cock 
but the biker wasn't listening to anything but his carnal instincts. 
He face fucked Robin for a good three minutes before cuming. Robin's throat 
was raw when he pulled out. She was trying not to choke on the leftover cum 
when she felt her wrists being tied to two posts. This spread her arms out 
horizontally. With Robin on her knees leaning forward another three bikers 
got into positions. One decided to continue buggering Robin's tortured 
asshole. Another fucked her pussy while rubbing and yanking her tits and 
nipples. Another one knelt in front of Robin's face and fucked her mouth 
as hard as he could. 

"Hey Snake, is this the one that they want us to draw and quarter later on?" 
asked the biker fucking her ass. 

"Nah, They've got that one tied up inside. Nice looking bitch. Dark hair. 
Uugghh ... Okay little one," said Snake to Robin, "Here's your supper." 

Robin swallowed all of the man's semen. She didn't have a choice really. 

Ten blowjobs more later and Robin still wasn't finished. She knew she 
was going to pass out if they didn't stop soon. 

"I think she's about had it but I'm not done yet ... unnmph!" said a biker 
who was fucking her ass and holding onto her hair. Robin groaned at each 
thrust. This only caused the biker to push in harder. 

When the biker withdrew Robin hoped he'd cum. She couldn't take another 
fucking like that. Her jaw was aching from all the fucking and blowjobs. 
Her hair and chest was covered in cum and she could feel semen leaking out 
of her ass and cunt. She felt the biker push her to the ground and heard 
him walk away. There were two bikers left standing beside her. 

"She's still breathing but just barely." she heard one say. "Anybody want 
another go?" 

Robin tried to moan but she couldn't move or speak. 

"Naa, let's just string her up and drain some of the cum out." 

Robin thought, how very helpful these guys were. A few seconds later she 
felt a rope being tied around her ankles. Her head then dragged on the 
ground for a second followed by weightlessness. She could feel the blood 
rushing to her head. She opened her eyes and saw the world was upside 
down. Cum exited out through her mouth and nostrils. Robin was too tired 
to even fight the slow itching as the cum flowed down the side of her face 
across her forehead and into her scalp. 

"Maybe we shoulda hung her up by her neck ... this way only one end gets 
drained." said one of the bikers. 

Robin didn't even have the energy to think, let alone protest at that. 

A few minutes went by but to Robin it seemed like days. Then she heard 
one of the bikers. 

"Hey there Jim. She ain't dead, we just strung her up to drain out some 
of the cum." 

Robin heard more laughing. Fingers encircled her hair and lifted her head 
up. After the remaining cum has dropped to the ground she felt herself 
being let down and put over someone's shoulder. 

"Thanks guys." said Jim and he walked back to the main building. 
______________________ 

Robin gasped for breath. She choked and spluttered as the cold water hit 
her face. Jim was washing her face and body down with a hose. Her hands 
had been retied together again. She shook her head and tried to avoid 
the stream of water. 

"Nap time is over." she heard Jim say. He had a handful of hair and wanted 
to make sure Robin was awake and alert. 

After he washed her face he let go of Robin and she slumped back on the 
tiled floor. 

"Oh, I must have passed out." she muttered. Her body shivered from the cold. 

"There, this will clean you out. I'd say you did pretty good. By the time 
I got done counting there must have been thirty-five guys in all, and one 
tire iron." 

Jim washed Robin's legs and cunt area. 

"Oh! Ahhhh, the water's cold." 

Jim moved the water away. "It'll help with the bruising. Now roll over." 

"Yes master." 

Robin rolled onto her knees and chest. She felt the water streaming onto 
her lower back and legs. Then the pressure increased and she felt it go 
deeper and deeper into her asshole. 

"Here you go slave. Let's fill you up." said Jim. 

Robin's back tingled and heated at the same time. Then the cramps came. 

"Unaahhhh .. please Master. Cold water hurts. Oohhhh! Nnnggg!! Oh please 
Jim. I'll never hold an enema this big!" pleaded Robin. 

Robin's bowels were tightening from the increase in water. 

"Sure you will Robin. In fact I have a little something that will help." 
said Jim. 

Jim pushed a bit more water in and removed the hose. He ordered Robin 
not to push the water out. Robin watched as Jim pulled out a sizeable 
butt-plug. She felt it's tip push into her asshole. Robin so desperately 
wanted to push the water out. Jim pushed the plug into slowly and with 
a hard smack from Jim's hand, it was now in good and tight. 

Hot tears rushed down Robin's face from the pain and butt-plug. Her 
stomach growled and groaned from the large volume of water. She stood 
up when Jim lifted her up by the arms. 

Jim produced a thick cloth a blindfolded Robin. 

"Okay Robin. Now we play our game." he said. 

They walked for a bit but Robin couldn't hold back from pleading. 

"Oh please master. Can't I go to the toilet. It hurts so bad!?" 

Jim ignored her until they entered another room. Robin stumbled on the 
step and crumpled to the floor. Her body ached from the severe fucking 
she just had. Jim helped her up and along a few more steps, then Robin 
was pushed down into a kneeling position. She felt something like a 
board between her knees. 

Feeling a hand on the back of her head Robin thought she was up for 
another blowjob. She opened her mouth but no cock was forthcoming. 

"Okay Robin. Just bend forward. That's it." said Jim. 

When Robin was horizontal she felt her neck sit into a curve. Then she 
heard a snap and felt a similar curve above her neck. A second later the 
blindfold was removed. Robin looked around and gasped. 

"Oh shit! A guillotine!" she exclaimed. 

She heard Jim's voice behind her. "Okay Robin. Now the fun really begins. 
You see, the release for the guillotine blade is right under your asshole 
and even a few drops could release it so try not to lose any of your enema." 

Robin felt the butt-plug being released, and with a pop it was gone. 

"Oh please noooo!" 

Robin clenched her butt-muscles immediately. But Jim wasn't finished 
speaking yet. 

"But you will have company. Robin meet Lindsay. You both are in the same 
predicament but one of you will soon not have to worry her little head 
about it." 

Robin saw a dark haired girl in front of her. She too was straining from 
keeping her enema inside. 

"Oh .... ugghhhh ... I've got to go so bad. Oh please. Sob!" pleaded Robin. 

Lindsay was having a very tough time. Her muscles seriously wanted to 
expel the liquid in her bowels. Robin knew she was going to die. She 
could almost feel the blade snapping through her neck. She could smell 
blood below her. She knew someone else had died doing this. 

Then in all horror Robin felt some water escape from her asshole. It 
dripped onto the release. She reached back with her hands and tried to 
plug her asshole that way. She could feel more water going. She wondered 
if she could expel all the water in one go and hope none would fall onto 
the release. 

Then she heard a noise. 

It sounded like someone drawing their fingernails down a blackboard. 
She held her breath as someone screamed and the loud 'THWOCK!' occurred. 
Robin looked ahead and Lindsay seemed terrified but not breathing. Then 
Robin noticed the blade behind Lindsay's neck. 

She had lost. 

A hand picked up Lindsay's hair and lifted her head away from her body. 
Lindsay's last conscious thoughts were of her floating over and looking 
at the remains of her body. 

Robin felt the neck brace being removed and a hand pulling on her hair. 
It hurt but she let herself be lifted her up for fear if she lost 
concentration on the water in her bowels now, she'd lose her head also. 

Just as Robin's face came back from the guillotine, the blade released 
and slapped down in front of her. Robin screamed and the enema in her 
body gushed out onto the floor. She felt a great calm as the water left 
her body. 

Jim was also holding Lindsay's head. Robin looked over and saw the 
headless body on the ground beside her. Jim dropped the head with a thud 
on the floor. He bent down and gave Robin a kiss on the cheek. 

"Glad you made it." he said. Robin was overjoyed. She made her master 
happy. 

Both Robin and Jim made their way back to Nancy rotating on her spit. She 
was a lovely golden brown and even though Robin thought she'd hate it, the 
smell of cooking flesh was just yummy. They both watched her for a while 
when the assistant chief asked if they could help with serving the food. 

"Sure," said Jim. "Robin and I will take care of it." 

To be continued ... 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





