BDSM Library - Women's Experimental Section




Women's Experimental Section
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a short story about a women's experimental section in a Nazi camp.  It involves Herr Dr. Krahm, his two assistants, and an unwilling patient who enjoys his ministrations.  If you love medical fetish this story is for you.
Women's Experimental Section

The patient tensed with apprehension as soon as she knew the enema was complete.
This was so humiliating. She braced herself for the medical examination to come.
Her thoughts were interrupted as she heard the familiar sound of jackboots. That
must be the doctor, she thought.

Dr. Anton Krahm was looking forward to another naked exam of one of the subjects
at Women's Punishment Camp. He asked Karla and Helga, "Is our newest subject all
ready and cleaned out for me? How many gallons did you give her in her 
enema?" Helga looked at Dr. Krahm. As usual she was awed by his professional and
erotic demeanor. He was dressed in a black dress uniform complete with polished
jackboots and peaked cap. Over this he wore a white medical coat and a
stethoscope hung over his neck. She dreamed of being his medical subject too.

She answered him soon after her erotic musings. "Herr Dr. Krahm she is ready for
your exam. She was given two gallons castille soap enema. She was also given
several vaginal douches." "Good good Helga. Shall we begin with the exam? Are my
instruments ready?"

 "Yes, Herr Dr. Krahm. Your instruments are over here." She pointed to a waiting
metal table on which were laid out a speculum, some sounds and a large diameter
rectal proctoscope. The patient listened to all this and felt herself getting
wet. The doctor never addressed her. She was just a subject to these people and
she liked it. She yearned for this exam. Dr. Krahm pulled on a pair of latex
gloves and sat down in a chair next to the patient. He pulled the table over to
him and reached for a tube of lubriccating jelly. He lubricated a couple of
fingers and gently and slowly inserted his middle finger first. The patient
moved slightly with the intrusion. He pushed his finger in and out and
penetrated her anus numerous times. After this he inserted the other finger with
it. As he was doing so he demanded this.

"Helga can you insert a dental gag in the patient's mouth? I don't want to hear
anything from her." Helga reached for a dental gag and inserted it in her mouth.

Dr. Krahm next took his fingers out and threw the gloves away. He reached for a
iv pole and bag of saline with a long tube. He pulled his chair over to the
patient's head and took ahold of this device. "Now this is what I like subject.
Hold still and remain calm. If not I will have Helga sedate you so this will be
easier for me."

The patient moaned and acted visibly scared. Krahm gestured to Karla. Karla
reached for a hypodermic syringe. She gave the patient an injection in the right
buttock. "Herr Dr. Krahm, this will calm the patient down."

Dr. Krahm returned to his task. He reached for the end of the tube and pushed
the patient's head back. He began feeding the tubing down the patient's throat
and down into her stomach. She gagged very little. The sedation helped with
this. As soon as the tube was in place he listened with his stethoscope over her
stomach and slowly started the saline infusion. After listening he was satisfied
and opened the flow more.

"What a site" Dr. Krahm thought. The patient was bound in the frame with her
head upside down. Her mouth was held wide open with a tube sticking in it.
Saline was being pumped into her stomach and her anus was ready for further
examination. He felt his hard penis and sought a way to relieve it. He knew it
would be on this patient. He moved his chair back to her posterior side and
reached for the wide proctoscope. He lubricated it well and started its slow
insertion. It was approximately a foot long and an inch wide. The patient made
very little noise. Her forced feeding effectively put any stop to that. Once the
scope was deep in her he looked inside and was very happy. He took notes for the
official record and told the nurses they did a good job with the enemas. Now he
moved the scope in and out. He became even harder. He pulled the scope out and
unbuttoned his breeches and stood over the patient. He pushed into her rectum
and pushed in and out until he orgasmed deep into her. He jerked and pulled out.
The nurses cleaned up her rectum which was spiling over with the doctor's semen.

Dr. Krahm pulled another pair of gloves out after resting and buttoning up. He
pushed one, two, three then four fingers in her vagina which was sopping wet.
This subject was very aroused. He put the other finger in and began fisting the
patient. He pushed and touched deep inside her until she shuddered and he felt
his hand become very wet.

He was done with his exam and ordered the patient to be taken out of her
restraints, moved to a bed and cathed. He knew she must have to urinate after
both fuckings. He moved to a chair close to a patient bed which was equipped
with many restraints. He watched as the patient was moved to the bed, put in
four point restraints. The saline and feeding tube were left in place. Helga
brought over a cath tray to the bedside. He watched in rapt attention as Helga
cathed the patient with a three way cath and set up a bag of saline to flush out
the patient's bladder. A large bag was also attached to the bed and left in
place with a suction machine to suction out her blader. He imagined this must be
very intense for the patient. "The patient is to be kept restrained on the bed
until I order otherwise Helga and Karla." Dr. Krahm explained. I have further
experiments planned on her tomorrow such as a cystoscopy and bladder training
exercises to determine how much saline she can hold and for how long. I feel she
is exhausted now. Continuue her bladder irrigation and suction overnite. Replace
her feeding saline when this one empties and leave her gag wide open and in
place."

He next ordered both nurses to strip. He had Karla lay down on an exam table and
restrained her in place with her knees spread wide and open. He asked if she was
comfortable and ready for him. She agreed that she was and couldn't wait. He
unbuttoned again and pushed into her hard. He orgasmed and let her off the table
then bound Helga in place. He asked Karla to fuck Helga with a special machine
for this. A machine was brought into place. Karla turned it on and let it go.
Helga begged for mercy and for her to stop. She orgasmed numerous times and
Anton felt he was ready again. He removed the dildo machine and ripped into
Helga too and orgasmed within minutes. He orgasmed and had the nurses help him
to his quarters where he promptly fell asleep happy with his ministrations on
all three women. What heaven Women's Punishment Camp is, he thought.

The next morning Dr. Krahm continued his experiments with the patient.  Promptly
at 10 AM he met Karla and Helga again at the patient's bed.  He was a late
sleeper and never started his work before 10 AM.

He asked Karla and Helga, "Can you get my instruments and items for a bladder
cystoscopy?   I think I will start with that. 

"Yes sir, we will get those for you," answered Helga and Karla in unison.

While waiting on his supplies Krahm approached the patient who looked very
uncomfortable and obviously awake.  "How are we today?"  he asked.  Of course he
received no answer from the gagged and restrained woman.

He stopped the flow of saline in the feeding tube and promptly removed the tube
and the dental gag.  He knew how hard this must be on her.  Also he knew the
cystoscopy was going to be very humiliating and painful.  Upon removing the
dental gag he replaced it with a penis gag he removed from the bedside drawer.

When Karla and Helga returned he had them unstrap the woman from the bed.  After
doing so they moved her over to a gyn table and strapped her in place with
straps around her ankles on the stirrups and around her wrists on the sides of
the table.  Her head was placed comfortably on a pillow.

Krahm saw a large bag of saline was hanging next to the table.  He asked Karla
and Helga just to observe and handle the patient if she resisted even with her
restraints.  He let them know he liked to do this process personally as this was
his favorite procedure.

He next clamped the end of the cath and removed the drainage bag.  He removed
the three way cath next and felt the patient twitch from the discomfort of the
removal.  He tossed all this on a waiting tray and reached for the cystoscope. 
The end of the instrument was long just like the cath and metallic.  He squirted
a large dollop of gel on it from the table alongside the gyn table and covered
the business end of the cystoscope liberally. 

He asked Karla and Helga to help him to spread the woman's labia from each side
while he inserted his instrument.  After they spread her wide and humiliatingly
they clipped alligator clips to each labia and attached them to the sides of the
table.  The patient moaned and became very wet.  Her clitoris also rose in
flushed excitement.  Karla began to rub her clit while Krahm inserted the
cystoscope in the patient's urethra.  Upon doing this she moaned louder and
Krahm felt his penis rise in response.

Upon reaching her bladder he hooked the saline bag tube to the cystoscope and
let the water fill the patient's bladder until full.  He waited about 15 minutes
for it to fill completely and for the patient's belly to rise as if she was
pregnant.  At this moment he stopped the flow and put the scope up to his eyes
and looked deep into her bladder. 

He remarked " she is really full" to Karla and Helga.  They laughed and asked
what he would do next to her.  "Hmm, I think I shall play with her now." 

He set the viewing part of the cystoscope down and started to rub the patient's
clit with his gloved and lubricated finger.  She orgasmed five or six times. 
After her ultimate orgasm Krahm removed the scope and put it to the side.  He
unbuttoned his breeches and penetrated her vagina after that and then  fucked
her rhythmnically in and out until he came fully and completely inside her.  She
moaned so loudly it was almost a scream even with the ball gag in.

After he pulled out he next inserted a weighted speculum in the patient's vagina
and opened it to its full width.  He turned on a nearby floor lamp to shine deep
into her vagina.  Next he pulled out a large diameter rectal thermometer from
the tableside drawer and lubricated it with gel.  He slid this into the
patient's ass and sodomized her repeatedly with this.  After she came again for
the upteenth time he left that inside her and reached for a large diameter
sound.  He lubricated this and fucked her cervix with this while the speculum
held her vagina wide open.   He next pulled this out and got out his riding crop
and put a rubber over its handle and fucked her cervix more with this, in and
out.

When he tired of this he was excited again.  His penis was large enough and long
enough he pulled it out and put it in her cervix.  It went smoothly and deeply
in and he thrust and thrust and felt his approaching orgasm.  He thought " I am
keeping this one as my personal experimental subject."  He then had the biggest
and best orgasm ever.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mistress Cyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





