BDSM Library - Doctor's Advice




Doctor's Advice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife inquires with her best friend, the doctor, how to treat her subby hubby.
Doctor's Advice
BY M.M.



John and I have been married for little less then 10 years; it has been 10 great
years, full of love and affection. Since day one, we were strongly attracted to
each other; physical attraction was, maybe at first place, instead of just love.
Of course we loved each other but sex was the best thing that came out of the
chemistry we felt. We had a couple of bed periods; very short ones and it was no
ones fault, really...those just happened and went away; we never worried about
it, neither had we given it too much thoughts.

All the time, both of us produced new challenges, from within our imaginations,
all in order to improve our sex life. Sometimes we just talked about things
until we got really turned on and just did it no matter where we were; on other
occasions we would just go for what we talked about and do it. Our sex life was
our private thing and we never talked about it with anyone else...well, not
until a few months ago. We had plenty of good friends but we agreed that our sex
life is only ours and we kept it that way.

We both have fantasies and we always try to make them happen, if those were
possible; most of the usual fantasies we have already experienced and those were
always good; sometimes better sometimes just good but, once we brought it out in
the open, it usually happened. By the end of the last year, John produced a new
one; I accepted it without thinking as I always did, but I didn't know how to do
it; it was a new thing, somewhat different so I decided to prepare better. One
Saturday, we stayed at home, had some nice meal and later got turned on, just by
talking to each other; so, John began with it, "Honey...have you ever thought
about making me your slave?" "Well...no, not really...but it sounds interesting;
go on" I accepted it immediately, "Well, that should be simple; you know how it
works...you get to be in charge and make me do things to you" "I could do that",
I said, "What kind of things?" I asked because we had no experience in it, "I
don't know...you make me lick you all over, for example" and once he started to
talk like that, it got me all wet instantly, "Maybe you could punish me a
little...tie me up...do some nice and sweet torture...things like that, you
know." After some more talking we got so horny and went to the bed but, the
fantasy itself, ended up as a disaster; I was too horny so I just let him lick
my pussy a little and after that, we fucked; it was great with long and strong
orgasms for both of us but that was it. He wasn't really happy as he expected a
different and longer foreplay but, we both agreed to try it again next time; we
hoped it'd be different and better. So, within a few next days, we tried it
several times more and the result was more less the same. I was a bit concerned
as before we always managed to bring our fantasies to life; and John was unhappy
too; he never said it but I knew. So, I decided to confine to Susan, my sister
in law; she was married to John's brother Steve and she was a shrink, too. We
are all very good friends and we hang out together often; I called her in her
office one morning and said I needed to talk, "Sure...just come over around noon
and we'll have some lunch together" she replied. Once I began to talk about what
was bothering me she couldn't stop smiling, "Why are you smiling all the time?
If you want to make me feel stupid then..." "No Tina, no...I'll explain
later...just continue" so I told her all about it. "Well...its simple really;
all you have to do is just release all the brakes that hold you from it and,
eventually, it will come your way" I always thought about myself as an open
minded woman when it was about sex, "What brakes? I don't have any brakes; I
want to do it properly, but I just don't know how...and I get turned on so
easily and quickly" "Look...this is something you both want, right?" I just
nodded, "Well, since he wants it too, you shouldn't be afraid to do
anything...if he doesn't like what you're doing he'll tell you and you will
stop" she stopped for a while, thought about it a little and said with a
different tone of voice, "Or...maybe there is something better for you to learn"
"What's that?" I asked eagerly, "Well...you asked me before why I was smiling; I
was smiling because me and Steve play this game sometimes...well, now when I
think of it, we play it most of the time" I was a little surprised by that but
tried not to show it, "Oh really? And how is it?" "It's great...for both of
us...so, what I was thinking is; maybe you could come and watch" "What?!" that
surprised me all right, "Yeah, why not; Steve wouldn't mind, neither would I" "I
don't know...it sounds a little weird, don't you think?" "No, no...why would it
be weird? I mean...you two did it in public, right?" I nodded, "Well, this is no
different; it's even easier since we know each other, right? I tell you
what...you think about it and let me know; then, I'll see what we could arrange"
and that was it; our conversation ended there and I went home. I sat back to
think it over and, longer I thought about it, it seemed less and less weird; and
I wanted to make it happen for me and John. I called Susan and told her I agree,
"Ok...I'll set something up and call you back" "Ok...thanks"

She called that night and said that she made the arrangement and that Steve was
cool about it; I told her I didn't want John to know, at least until it's all
over and they both agreed; it was set for the next days evening. I told John
that I am going out with Susan and some other girls and he said it was ok; he
had a tough week so he'd just stay in and rest. That suited me just fine so, the
next day, I went over to Susan's place at 8 p.m. "Hi...come in" Steve opened the
door, "Hi Steve", suddenly, once I saw Steve I began to feel weird about; he saw
that on me and he said, "Don't worry Tina; just relax, it's no big deal, believe
me." We sat in the living room, had a few drinks and talked casual for a while;
little late, Steve stood up and went to the bedroom, "I'll be in there" he said
and left. "Are you ready?" Susie asked, "I am not sure" and I wasn't at the
time, "Just relax and don't worry...let's go" she grabbed my hand and led me to
the bedroom. Steve was sitting on the bed in his underwear only, "Ok...why you
don't just sit over there and enjoy" Susie said and pointed to a chair in the
corner. I listened and she went to the closet and took out some wardrobe;
leather skirt, boots with high heel, leather bra and some other things; she saw
my confused look and said, "Yes, I know; didn't expect this, ha? Well, as I told
you, we have been playing like this for some time so we decided to get equipped
for it." Very quickly, she put all that on and stood in front of the bed, "Just
so you know this was his idea at the first place" she looked at Steve and said,
"Right honey?" and he just confirmed, "Yep." "Ok...why don't you get on your
knees so we can put this show up for our friend here" he squatted and kneeled in
front of her. She looked at me and said, "Ok...first thing; once you get him in
this position he is not Steve or, in your case John, anymore...he is just a dog,
right?" the last part was for Steve and he just nodded as a 'yes', "You see,
there is no need to feel bad or guilty because he wants to be your dog; it's all
very simple, you see" she knew her way with words; normally I'd feel stupid in
situation like this but she managed to relax me, "So, what you do, it basically
depends on you; you just make him do whatever hits you mind and if you don't
like the way he does it, you teach him a lesson" I looked at Steve and he was
perfectly calm. "Very soon you will know if he likes it or not; if his cock
becomes big and stiff you'll know he likes it...now watch this" her voice
changed to much more sharp and ordering, "Lick my boots dog!" and Steve just
came closer and began to lick her boots very precisely, not missing one single
inch; she lifted her leg and he sucked her heel and licked the sole of the boot,
"Move away and turn on your back!" promptly he obeyed and, as he did, I saw his
penis erecting proudly in the air. It was huge; Steve was much better equipped
then John. As I saw it my eyes and mouth went wide open, "You see; it works"
Susan said, "Damn it Susan! You lucky girl" I said, not believing what I was
looking at, "How do you fit that thing in...Jesus" and they both just smiled.
"In the beginning it may be difficult for you to just relax during something
like this but, eventually, you will and then, it's going to be much better for
both of you" she turned to Steve and said, "Go bend over the bed!" he stood up
and obeyed, "You did a really lousy job with my boots, dog; and you know what
happens now, don't you?" she went to the closet and brought something that
looked like a paddle made of leather; she swung her hand and landed it on his
rear end; it wasn't too hard so he almost didn't move, "Ha...you see; he even
likes it" and she hit him again, "Don't you dog?" he never answered to her
inquires; she just continued to smack that thing on his ass cheeks until those
got all red; few times, he'd let go an 'Ahh', but only when she hit him harder,
"Now, I guess you'll do better jobs from now on; I don't want to punish you more
severely but I will if I have to" she looked at me and blinked her eye, "Now
stay there!" she commanded and gave me a sign to follow her. We went out of the
room and she said, "So...how does it look?" "I really don't know what to say...I
mean, you two look very trained in all this...it still seems a little weird to
me" I wasn't sure how I felt about it, "Ok then; let's go back in and play some
more" I followed her and at the door she stopped, "There's just one thing...you
see, my Steve is a pain freak" she looked at me as she wondered if I understood,
"You mean...he likes it when you hurt him?" "Yes...but, you'll have to find that
out for yourself with John; you must not over do it at the beginning..." but I
interrupted her, "I don't want to hurt him" she smiled and said, "Yes I
know...but, if John wants you too, what then? After a while he'd still end up
unsatisfied so, that's what you need to find out and, the best way to do it
is...well, just ask him" "What do you mean 'ask him'? That's stupid"
"No...believe me it isn't; you just ask him and...come, I'll show you" and we
went back inside. I wanted to sit down but Susan stopped me, "No! Come over
here" and she turned to Steve, "On the floor!" she said and he was there before
I knew it, "Ok dog; I want you to clean Tina's feet, now" I looked at her in
amazement and said, "No...what are you doing...I don't want to...I mean I don't
want Steve to..." but she interrupted me, "Just indulge me, ok; come on dog" as
he approached my feet I moved a little but she grabbed me, "Don't worry; he'll
enjoy it much more then you will" and, as I was looking at her, I just felt his
warm tongue touching my foot, "Oh!" it startled me but I managed to stay calm;
he was all over my shoe and it was the first time I felt something about all
this; seeing him like that by my feet it excited me.

"Ok, stop now" he stopped and she said to me, "Sit on the bed darling"; as I sat
down she told him, "Now...take her shoe off and do a proper job...and if she's
not happy with it, well..." he began to remove my shoe very gently and, once he
held my foot in his hand, I felt shivers running thru me. He began to lick it
all around; sticking his tongue between my toes, sucking them...it was like he
was really cleaning it. She leaned to me and whispered, "Now you tell him to do
it to your other foot"; I was hesitating in the beginning but I came to say it,
"Ok...now the other one Steve" and quickly Susan interrupted, "No, no...don't
call him that; he is just a dog now...I mean, you could call him slave, prick,
fuck, whatever...just don't call him Steve, ok?" "Ok" I had to agree. He put
back on my shoe and removed the other; he took it in his hand and repeated the
whole process with his tongue. After a little while Susan said, "Well...I see
that you're not happy with it; I am afraid you'll have to punish him now" she
was all cheerful about it, "No, no...I cant do that; I couldn't possibly" but
she insisted, "Come up; you'll see that there's nothing to it" she almost pulled
me up and gave me that paddle, "Well go on" I looked down and Steve already
turned exposing his bare bottom in expectance, "You see; he wants it
badly...give the dog his bone, come on" I smacked his cheek once and she said,
"Harder; do it harder" and I smacked him once more, just a little bit harder,
"Ok...it's not working; this is what we'll do...dog!" she called him and said,
"Beg for it, come on"; Steve looked at me and said with pleading expression on
his face, "Ma'am...please, I must be punished now" and that really got me of the
track; I kept looking at him as he repeated, "Please Ma'am" so I smacked him one
more time, "Harder, please..." he begged and I did it, "Yes...please, more" and
as he continued to beg me like that I kept landing that paddle on his ass; more
I hit him, more he begged. "Ok" Susan was in the mood, "That's enough...go back
there and sit" she told me. She ordered him to go to the chair and lean his head
on it backwards; as he did, she brought two pairs of handcuffs and locked his
wrists to his ankles; he was all twisted backwards with only back of his head
leaning on the chair. She came closer, removed her skirt and straddled the chair
and his head, "You see Tina, this is really what they want...to please us" she
slowly squatted and sat on his face, "Tongue!" she ordered him; he obeyed and
stuck it right into her pussy hole, "You just fuck his face like this for as
many times as you want until you're completely satisfied; if you want that..."
she pointed to his enormously big cock, "You just tie him up to the bed and fuck
you brains out; if he comes before you, you punish him...they must be in control
of it until you're completely happy; once you are, you decide how good he was
and if he deserves any satisfaction at all". That pose, her sitting on his face,
really got me hot; I sat on John's many times but never like that; he was never
tied like that and left to my mercy and control. I, suddenly, began to like all
of this; it ran thru my head 'if John is really interested in this I could
profit from it a lot...having orgasms all night, even when he cannot anymore,
he'd have to'; "Ok; I've seen enough...I better go now; you just keep enjoying
it" "Yes...you're right" Susan said as she too wanted to be alone with Steve
then, "Just go for it and remember; just a dog, nothing more; he will be
grateful, believe me", so, I just said bye and left.

Although, I was sure it'd be different and better next time, I had to prepare
myself; I thought it over for a few day, thinking of all small detail I should
not skip. Few days past and I decided to go for some shopping; those things I
saw at Susan's place got my attention. That night John came a little later then
usual and he was tired; but it was Friday and the next day he was free of work;
that suited me just fine. "Hi baby" he said when he came in; I said hi and
kissed him, "I have a surprise for you" I said, "Well, where is it?" "No...not
so fast; I made us some nice dinner so...why don't you get out of those clothes
and we'll eat first" "Great" he agreed and went to the bedroom; table was ready
so I waited for him and then we ate. He was delighted with the meal and the wine
I bought; we sat at the living room and talked for a while, "So, where is my
surprise" he was anxious, "Don't worry; we'll get there...it's in the bed"; I
knew then that he realized that surprise was not something material as he said,
"Aaa...I see; well, ok...I can wait." After a while he went to take a shower and
he wanted to go to the bedroom but I locked it, "Really mysterious, ha? Ok,
never mind..." I knew he'd take a shower and I didn't want him to see the
bedroom; also I wanted him naked after the shower. As he went in, I quickly
changed; I put on few things I bought that day, some more make-up and waited for
him to finish. He opened the bathroom door and, when he saw me, his mouth and
eyes widened, "Wow...what's all that?" he couldn't hide the surprise; I didn't
reply to that so he said, "You look...you look...I don't know what to say" and I
had to act serious, "You talk too much" I changed my tone of voice, "Get down
there and take a look from different perspective" I pointed on the floor with my
hand; he was still confused so he said, "What...where?" I had to look determined
so I raised my voice a little and said, "On the floor stupid; get down on your
knees!" I never used to call him stupid so it probably confused him even more;
still, he kneeled and looked up and down over me; he didn't know at what to look
first, my high heeled boots, leather corset, whip in my hand or me in general.
He began to understand what was it all about so he asked, this time quietly,
"So...what now?" I came closer to him, circled around him and said, "Now...first
of all, you talk too much; you should reduce it to a minimum unless you want
this all over your ass" I showed him the whip, "Second...now we do...no,
no...you do whatever I say, is that clear?" he just nodded with his hand, "This
is what you wanted, right? Well, now you'll get it." I was still circling around
him, "Ok, first we will make a small test" I placed my boot in front of him and
said, "Lick my boot!" he didn't wait much and before I knew it he was moving his
tongue all over my boot. Those first few minutes I had a really hard time being
serious; I wanted to burst into laughter. But, slowly as time passed, I lost it;
after a while I was completely concentrated on what I was doing, "Stop now!" I
said and lifted my leg; I placed my right boot on his chest and pushed him
little further away. Then, I saw what I wanted; his cock was stiff, "Ok...you
passed the test; now I know you like it, you dirty kinky little dog." To my
amazedness, he had no reaction to my words; so, I decide to test him little
more, "You do want to be my dog, don't you?" and he replied silently, "Yes", but
I still continued, "My dirty little slave dog, right?" "Yes", I leaned closer to
him and said, "Make that 'yes Ma'am'!" and, calmly, he replied, "Yes Ma'am."
"Good then...let's go to the bedroom, shall we?" I took him by his hair,
pressing down at the same time so he wouldn't get up, and led him to the bedroom
on all four. "Get inside!" I said and he crawled in; I sat on the chair and
called him over; he crawled to me and waited, "Lick again!" I pointed to my
other boot; he stuck out his tongue and began to lick my boot, "Slower...we
don't want to finish all this too soon" and he obeyed, "Now...take it off";
those boots had buckles so he unbuckled them and took off my boot; I lifted my
foot in front of his mouth and said, "My feet are not clean, dog"; promptly he
began to lick my foot; he held it in his hand, very gently, and he licked it all
over; it's sole, the heel, he stuck his tongue between my toes and sucked on
them. He was getting really turned on; I saw his cock was all red and big; he
almost lost his breath, as he wanted to lick more and faster. "Ok, that's
enough" I decide to test him one more time, "I think that's enough for the first
time" he just looked at me in disappointment, "What? Don't you think so too,
darling?" Then, he spoke for the first time after the bathroom, "Oh, come on
Tina...what kind of crap is this? We didn't do anything" he was confused almost
as disappointed, "Well...but we did; you licked my boots and my foot...I told
you the rules, what else do you want?" I thought he'd start crying, "But...if
you really want more...if you really need more, then..." "What?" he asked
quickly, "Well...I guess you'll have to beg me for it." I knew John; he never
begged anyone for anything; I didn't really expect he'd beg me for it but I was
wrong, "Ok, ok..." he responded promptly, "Please...I want more, please...I am
begging you..." I have to admit; I loved it when he begged, "Beg some more
slave" I said, "Yes, I'll beg...I'll do anything, please..." he was really in
the role, "Ok...so, what do you want exactly" I asked, "Anything...anything you
want...I'll do anything...you can treat me as you like, just let's play some
more...please" I was really getting into this for the first time; I was fully
concentrated and wasn't thinking about anything else; hundreds of things ran
thru my mind, "Ok...so, you'll let me treat you as I want?" "Yes, yes..." "I can
treat you like...like a dog...or like a real slave?" "Yes, you can...treat me" I
wasn't even looking at him; I was just reciting whatever hit me, "I can abuse
you anyway I want...use you as a carpet maybe, ha?" "Yes...whatever"; the
reciting itself got me really hot; "I can also hurt you if I want, ha? I bet you
want that too, don't you?" he wanted all of it and I was just getting more and
more turned on, "I could walk over you like I walk over all other carpets,
right?" he was just nodding with his head, "Tie you up and whip you...and maybe
make you my toilet bowl, also". I watched his dick; it must have hurt him by
then as stiff and big as it was, "Look at that" I referred to it, "You cannot
stand it anymore, you pervert" I stood up, told him to stand up too and led him
to the bed, "Lay down!" I ordered; as he did I brought some belts and tied his
hands and legs to the bed; I took his cock into my hand and stroked it twice;
plenty precum came out all over it so it was sticky and slippery. He thought I'd
jerk him off but I just stroked him slowly for a long time; that was the worst
kind of suffering for John; not being able to cum drove him crazy. He was
begging and begging but I just kept torturing him, "Oh please...let me cum,
please" "No, I don't think I will; you wanted to suffer so suffer" and I just
kept on and on. After a while I stopped, climbed the bed and mounted him;
slowly, I lowered down and slid onto his cock; it even hurt me a bit as thick it
was. I began to move up and down and in circles; it was great, "You just dare to
cum before me!" I threatened him, "I'll punish you for real if you do." I knew
he wouldn't be able to hold it for long and after I fucked him for few minutes
he came; his whole body was twitching as he was coming for a really long time.
"Well...I'll just have to teach you a lesson now" I said, leaned close to his
face and whispered, "I am gonna whip you for you have been a really disobedient
slave." As he heard my words I felt his cock thickening and stiffening again
inside me, "It really works for you, doesn't it? Well...that's great because it
really works for me too" I finished and stood up. I untied him and instructed
him to the floor; as he was down on his four I took that whip and moved a little
because it was really long one; I had no experience with whips so at the
beginning it was clumsy; at first, as I swung the whip it would just fall on him
and he looked at me like he was saying 'what are you doing?' That look of his
gave me more initiative so next few times I hit him more severely. "Aaahh!" he
yelled a few times; I saw the red stripes coming out on his skin, "Does it
hurt?" I asked, "Yes Ma'am...it hurts but nicely" he replied, "Oh really! I
never intended to make it nice" and I swung it again, this time with much more
force, "AARRGGH!" he screamed, "Now, that's better; punishment is a punishment,
not a scratch on you back" I whipped him like that few more times and I stopped;
I kneeled beside him to see his back; it was full of red stripes but no blood; I
didn't really want to hurt him that much, just enough so he wouldn't stop liking
it. "Hmm...I wonder what now?" I was thinking what to do next; he suddenly
turned and laid on his back, "What are you doing dog?" I asked like in anger,
"Carpet" he just replied, "Oh...ok, that's a good idea" I sat on the chair and I
wanted to remove my boots but he stopped me, "No...why don't you leave them on"
"Leave them on?? Are you sure...it's going to hurt with my boots on" but he just
said, "Yes I am sure" I was thinking 'how could he get so kinky like this, all
of the sudden? I never even imagined that this was turning him on like this'; I
came closer and placed one boot on his chest; I had no experience for this and I
didn't know what would happen; how it would feel to him; I applied a little more
pressure until he made a grin on his face; I removed my leg but he said, "No,
no...please, I am fine", so I put in back on; little by little I put more
pressure to that leg and, soon, I was standing on his chest; I lifted the other
one and I stood on him with both my legs. It felt weird, but feeling his flesh
denting beneath me gave me a kick, too. "You look like a bug under me"
"Yes...yes" he hardly spoke; I began to slowly move and turn in place, and as I
turned, I saw his cock hanging, "Well, what's the matter? Don't like it
anymore?" "No...no, I like it" I knew how words get to him so I began, "I'll
just walk all over you; flatten you with my thick boot soles" I talked like that
for a few moment but his cock wouldn't move, "Hm...it's not working. If you
don't get it up I'll just have to get rid of you" I turned around a little
faster and put one leg on his forehead, "I should just squash you like a bug"; I
saw he changed his face and took a few deep breaths and, as I knew that look, I
turned my head, "What...?". I looked down; his cock was again stiff as a rock; I
turned back to him, "Squash you like a bug? That turns you on?" I couldn't
believe it; he kept silent so I raised my voice a bit, "Answer me! Is that what
gives you a kick?" he just nodded shyly. I stepped down on the floor beside him
and pushed his head gently aside with my boot; I lifted it and placed it on his
temple, "Like this? Want me to step on it? That'd hurt, you know..." I couldn't
figure out how my husband became like this; I mean, to play a game of domination
and control was ok, but I never expected this; it was really weird. "You worm" I
began to play him with words, "You tiny little creature; I could crash you like
a mouse" he was trembling of excitement, "I am going to shrink you so you could
fit in my hand" I didn't know from where those words were coming out; before
this, I could never imagine saying things like that, "Look how small you are;
just to fit under my boot sole", I did that for a while and, little later, told
him to stand up; I led him to the chair in the corner, pushed him down on his
knees and placed his head on the chair seat. I had that picture of Susan sitting
on her husband's face in my head; he just waited until I removed my skirt and
strode his head. I squatted down slowly and rubbed my pussy lips over his mouth
a few times, "Your tongue! Get it out!" I was really bossy; I guess he wouldn't
do anything unless ordered so, as I commanded him, he obeyed and stuck his
tongue out, "I am gonna fuck your face, slave...you better make me come" and I
began to move my hips as he licked all over my cunt; "Ohh...yes, lick it" I
began to move faster; he barely managed to breath under my bottom. Once I felt I
was about to come, I'd stop, wait a little and continue, "Oh,
yes...shit...aahhh" I was so hot, I felt dizzy from it all, "Oh, yeah...you fuck
face, come on...ohh...lick it", the orgasm was gushing out of me but I didn't
want to come; I wanted to fuck that dick. I looked back and saw how hard and big
he was, so I just lifted myself up and squatted down on his groin, "Don't move"
he was still while I slid onto his hard cock, "Ohhh...yes" I wanted to prolong
it but I couldn't; I managed to move up and down only few times and it was over;
I came so strongly my whole body went spasmodic and, somewhere in the middle of
it, I managed to press my lips against his and ran my tongue deep inside his
throat. Never before I had an orgasm so strong and uncontrollable like that one;
I knew that it was the beginning of great sexual adventure with my husband and,
I guess, he knew it too, just by seeing me so hot and horny; little strange and
unordinary but great adventure. I was afraid things might change but from that
point but, once we got into the bed, we just talked as we usually do; there
wasn't any awkward feelings between us. "I got to tell you..." he began, "This
was great...magnificent"; he knew it was great for me too so I didn't bother to
tell, "I could never even imagine..." "What?" he asked back, "Well, I never saw
you as a submissive type...you know what I mean" "Yes, I know...I don't know, I
guess I am not really like that except that I like it when it comes to sex", and
so we talked like that for a while and fell asleep; I just couldn't wait until
tomorrow.

"John...could you take a few days off" I asked him over breakfast, "It's been a
long time since we had a week or so in a row together"; he looked at me and
said, "Well...I could try but I am not sure." That breakfast took place a few
days later and in between, we played the game each night, each time was better,
"Why now?" he asked but I knew what next he'd say, "Isn't it enough?" "Isn't
what enough?" I acted ignorant, "You know...playing every evening...you want me
to take a week off so we could play more, right?" he got me there; I even
blushed a little as I tried to deny it, "Well, no...you know...I just figure
that we could spend more time together and..." but he interrupted my lame
attempt of denial, "Yeah right...if I play the slave role that doesn't mean I am
stupid, you know" "No, I'd never think you're stupid...don't be silly" "Well,
just say it then...I like it and I want to play more...that's not so hard, is
it?" As I didn't reply he said, "No problem, I'll see what I can do."

We finished the breakfast, said hi and he went to work; I decided to have
another talk with Susan. I called her at work but she wasn't there so I called
her at home, "Hi! What's up...you're not working today?" "No, I took a day off"
and as I told her I wanted to talk she didn't sound too delighted about it but
she said I should come over, anyway.

"So, did you do it?" "Did I do it? I have been doing it for past 5 days, every
day" she seemed a little surprised, "Wow...well; it looks like you both found
what you wanted, right? That's good" "Yes, it seems so...but there is one thing
though" she was listening carefully, "You see...when we play the game,
everything is great but...", "But what?" "It's john; he began to act strangely
for the last two days" "Well, what you mean strangely? What is he doing?" "It's
a sex thing, right? But now, in other situations...you know, the routine...well
he's being acting the same way; all the time he wants to do something for me or
to me and..." I stopped for a second to see her reaction but there was none,
"And now he wants to do all the work around the house; he comes home from work
twice now and he wants to cook, wash dishes, clean the place...I mean
everything." Susan just watched me for a while and I saw how she was barely
holding not to burst into laughter; she came closer to me and whispered, "So
what? If he wants to be your maid let him...don't you see he wants to be used so
use him; make it better for both of you. Many man even enter the marriage hoping
that, one day, they'll be servants to their wives...maybe John did too; he just
never said it" I didn't know what to think of all that; "Yes but...I've married
John...you know, John the man; I mean, if he wants me up on some kind of
pedestal how can I refuse; still, looking at him acting so pathetic, saying yes
all the time...I don't feel married anymore..." We were both silent for a while
and then I said, "I am afraid I'd start loosing my respect for him."

Susan thought about it for a while and said, "Well, in that case I don't know;
it's obvious that he wants it so, if you deny him, he'll end up unhappy. On the
other hand, if you loose that respect, that's even worst" she stopped for a
while and continued, "Maybe you should play along and try to make him dislike
it...you know, let him see how mean it could get so he'd get disgusted about
whole thing...I don't know what to advise you, really." We talked like that for
some more but I couldn't make myself to decide what to do, "So, where is Steve?"
and as I asked her, she changed the expression on her face; "He's tied
up...busy, you know" she wasn't telling the truth, "I almost forget; about that
dinner tomorrow" we were supposed to go out for dinner, all four of us,
"Something came up and...well, we'll have to do it some other time, sorry" "Ok,
no problem" I stood up to leave, "Say hi to Steve" and I left.

On my way home I was trying to figure out what to do; 'if John continues like
that, I'll have to take Susan's advice and try to make him hate the whole thing'
I thought as I saw no other option. I wanted to kill some more time so I just
walked around the town and bought a few things; once I got home, John was
already in and cooking. As I saw him like that, standing in the kitchen with an
apron on him I decided I should start immediately what I planned, "Hi darling"
he smiled, "Guess what? I got two weeks off" he was all delighted; I wasn't so
sure anymore if that was what I wanted; "Really? That's great" I came closer and
said, "Cooking again?" "Yes...I wanted to surprise you with a nice meal", I
looked at him and said, "Have you done some cleaning around this place" I was
acting real cold; the question surprised him, "Aaa...no, I didn't" I turned away
and said, "Well, you should have" and I left for the bedroom; before I went in I
turned to him and saw how confused he was but, I swear, he looked like it turned
him on, too; "Call me when you're done" I said and disappeared.

After half an hour he called me and I came by the table; I just stood there
until he realized what I was waiting for, "Oh, sorry" he said and rushed to pull
my chair; I sat and said, "You should serve me now John" and without a sound he
brought the dishes and slowly put some macaroni and vegetables in my plate,
"Good" I said and pointed to my glass; quickly, he brought the wine and poured
some in. I began to eat and he was about to sit down, too, when he saw the look
on my face and my head waving, "Stay here" I pointed to the spot beside me, "I
don't want my glass empty at any time, is that clear?" "Yes" he just confirmed;
he was really following my lead and, as I could tell, he liked it. So I ate like
that for maybe 30 minutes and he poured the wine a few times more; as I finished
I saw the expectation in him; he was hardly waiting for more of my bitchy
attitude. "Are you hungry?" he just nodded, "Ok...go to the closet and bring me
those red sandals with high heels...those you bought for me last summer,
remember" "Yes, I remember" and he went. He was back in no time, "I want you to
put them on my feet now" and quickly he obeyed; he kneeled and slowly mounted
those on my feet and buckled them, "Now, bring that steel oval we use for
cookies" and as he went for the oval I pulled out a chain leash I bought today;
he didn't know what was that all about but, once he saw the leash, he got very
excited, "Take your clothes off" I ordered and he striped quickly. I called him
closer and put the leash around his neck; he still had his underwear on and I
saw it had a big dent bulging out, "Kneel here" I pointed near the oval I placed
on the floor; once he was on his knees I pulled a leash a little, "Here you go"
and I just dropped some macaroni on that oval. He bowed down to eat and he
stretched his hand; I pulled the leash stronger and said, "Oh no...dogs have no
arms, right? You use only your mouth" and he replied shortly "Yes", I raised my
voice a little and said, "Yes Ma'am!" and he repeated it. He began to eat from
the oval but it was too difficult as I expected; I still don't know how I
managed to keep myself so calm, "Not working, ha? Let me help you a little" I
easily pushed his head with my leg away from the plate and placed my shoe sole
on top of the food; I pressed and smashed it into u pile of pulp, "Try again" I
commanded. He was trying really hard but with no effect; he was barely managing
to keep himself away from falling into the oval with his face; "Lets try
something different" I said and pushed him away again; I placed my sole on that
pile again and, as the macaroni were sticky enough, some of it got stuck on my
sole; I lifted my foot in front of his face and said, "Lick it off" and he just
stuck his tongue out to scrape it of my shoe. As he did the food just fell off
to the oval, "Not good" I said, "Take my shoe off." Once he removed it I put my
foot into the food and lifted some of it on my toes, "Here...eat!" promptly he
opened his mouth and wrapped them around my toes, "Now, that's better" so I did
it again; each time he took my foot into his mouth I saw how he wasn't really
interested in food anymore, but my foot instead. He was licking it and sucking
it neatly; the food he just swallowed quickly so it wouldn't interfere with his
foot licking. I added some vegetable to the oval and smashed them with my other
shoe and we continued the feeding process; once we were done with the food I
told him, "I want it all clean and shining; my feet and my shoes" so, he removed
the other shoe as well and began to lick it. In 5 minutes he licked it all off
of my shoes and of my feet. "You've been a good dog and you deserve a little
wine, too...if you want it, thought?" "Yes, please" so, I took my glass, took a
big sip into my mouth and indicated with my finger that he should come closer;
he knew what I wanted so he came closer between my hips, looked up and opened
his mouth; I bowed down so my mouth were couple of inches from his and I just
let go all that wine from mine mouth directly to his; I did it a few times more
and, as he wasn't able to catch all, some of it fell on him and on the floor. I
stood up and said, "I'll be in the living room and you clean up this mess from
the floor and table; I want to see the kitchen shining" and I promptly left.
There was no confusion on his face anymore; he was obeying anything I said and I
really wanted to push him until the end; I hoped he'd start disliking the whole
thing.

He came to the living room after half hour and said, "It's all done...Ma'am"; I
watched him for a while expecting some negative response from my husband but
nothing happened; he just stood there waiting for the next treat I might had for
him.

Nothing crossed my mind that could be worst for him; I was trying to think of
something that would back him off and the only thing I could think of was pain.
'If I was to inflict some pain on him, maybe that'd work' I thought; I had to
hurt him or humiliate him in some way in order to accomplish what I wanted but,
those things were not something I wanted to do. "Let's go back to the kitchen" I
said and he followed; first I told him to wait as I went to take those belts I
used for tying him up to the bed, "Take it off" I referred to his underwear and,
as he did, I commanded him to bend over the table. I tied his hands to the front
part of the table and his legs to the rear; he was bent over, tied up with his
legs spread, and unable to move. As I had nothing else, I went outside and
plucked out one bough from the bush to use as a cane. I went back in and came
behind him and passed the bough over his ass cheeks few times; he moved a little
in suspense, "I need a reason to punish you" I began, "Give me one!" I ordered,
"AA...I don't know...I didn't do anything bad" and he was right, "Ok,
then...I'll think of something in between" and I just hit him once on his
cheeks. He was soundless to the caning so I hit him once more a little harder
and he released a gentle 'Ouch'. "Does it hurt?" I asked but he just readily
waved his head, "No?" I asked and hit him harder; I wasn't waiting for him to
say anything, instead, I just continued with it until his cheeks got all
stripped red. He was in pain but he never let me know that he wanted me to stop
and so, I continued, "I won't stop until you beg me" I said and began to cane
him over his back and, surprisingly, I began to get excited and turned on;
watching him suffer under my bough gave me a kick. Feeling of having a man like
that, bent and naked, and enduring the beating for my pleasure got me pretty
hot. It was confusing but I lost my intention to stop. I did after a few more
hits and he lay there catching his breath; I reached beneath his bottom and
grabbed his cock; it was stone hard and covered with precum. He loved it all and
I began to loose hope that he'd ever try to stop me; 'more pain' was the thing
that flew thru my mind, so I went to bring some salt. I had no mercy; I just
poured some into my hand and rubbed it over few scratches on his back; it really
hurt as he screamed "AAARRGGH!" I waited for him to ask me to stop but he
didn't; at the moment I wasn't caring at all; I was like in trance just figuring
what to do next. I went to the bedroom and brought a 6" candle; he saw me and
probably thought I was about to spill some hot wax over him, but he was wrong. I
came behind him, put some butter on the candle and pressed it against his ass
hole. Slowly I penetrated him and, as I did, I watched him twitching his face
muscles in a painful an uncomfortable grin; I was so occupied watching his face
that I never noticed I pushed it almost all in; I moved away a little and
watched him like that; that candle was only one inch outside of him and he kept
that grin on his face constantly. I came in front of him and said, "How about
now? Will you beg me to stop?" he couldn't say anything but he just waved his
head again as a 'No'. I couldn't believe that he liked all of that, "No?" I
asked in surprise, "Well...that's really stupid." I went behind him and slowly
took out that candle and unbuckled his arms and legs; he barely managed to
straighten up; his cock was still hard and erected. "You're free to go" and as I
said that I saw disappointment on his face; I realized then that, not fucking
him that evening, was the worst punishment I could give him.

We went to bed after a while and fell asleep without a word. In the morning I
decided I had to see Susan again, "I need to go out for a few hours" I was still
acting bitchy, "You do some cleaning until I get back", I dressed up and before
I left I came to him, kissed him and said, "And don't forget about lunch." He
just smiled and confirmed.

I told Susan the whole story and she was really surprised this time, "Jesus...I
have to say I am speechless" "So, what do you suggest I do now?" I asked, "Well,
I don't know...I really don't" but she saw right thru me, "But, you did like it
too, right? I can tell you did" there was no point in denying it so I said, "I
guess...a little at least." We were both silent for a while and then she said,
"I don't think I can help you but...", "But what?" "But, maybe Steve can"
"Steve! How can he help me...what are you talking about" "Well, it's obvious you
didn't do the job well; you did hurt John but maybe not enough; maybe not in a
proper way, you know?" "No, I don't? What do you mean I didn't hurt him enough?"
"Well, he didn't complain, right? That means you need to do it harsher or do
something else" "Yeah, but I don't see how Steve can help me with anything" she
kept silent for a while and then went to the kitchen. I didn't even know Steve
was in; they both came back to the living room and I saw a few bruises on his
face, "Hi! Hey, what happened to you?", "Nothing...just a small accident at
work." As they sat down she looked at him and said, "No need for that honey" and
then she looked at me and said, "I did that"; at first I didn't know what she
was talking about, "Those bruises your wondering about...I did those" she said
acting completely calm; I was stunned, "You? What do you mean...how" she leaned
closer and said silently, "With my boots". I didn't know what to say or what to
think; those looked pretty serious and one was really close to his left eye,
"But why...I don't understand" "It's just part of the game Tina" and that came
out of Steve's mouth. Before I managed to think of what to say Susan talked,
"What I suggest is that two of you..." she referred to me and Steve, "...do
something similar" "You want me to...to..." I couldn't say it but he did, "Yes"
and she came in, "I could guide you for a while and then I'll leave you alone;
Steve will help you too, I am sure of that." I didn't want to do any such thing
but they were really pushy and were persuading me it was ok; that no harm would
be done. Eventually I agreed as I thought that, once we began, no one can
influent me what to do but myself; so we went to the bedroom and Steve got naked
in a second, "We'll skip the part you did with John and get to something more
intense" Susan said looking all cheerful about the whole thing. Steve moved one
curtain that was hanging over one wall; I always thought that behind it was some
closet or some shelves but, I was hugely mistaken; once he removed it I saw
shackles pinned to the wall and floor. He just leaned against the wall and Susan
put those shackles around his wrists and ankles. "Now, there he is" she pointed
to her husband, "He's just a worthless piece of shit and needs to be beaten up";
her words seemed so weird at the time, "I'll show you", she came closer to him
and slapped him hard on his face, "Now you do it." I came beside her and it took
me a while before I managed to raise my hand and slap him, "That's caressing
honey" she said after I barely touched him, "Look" she said, swung her hand and
slapped him with back of her hand, "See...he's not complaining, so hit him"; I
tried again and did it a little harder, "Go on" she encouraged me to continue; I
slapped him again a little harder and, as he was just looking at me and almost
smiling, I slapped him again, this time much harder. "That's it...good...go on"
so I did it few more times, "Tell him something" "Like what?" I didn't know what
she wanted; she came closer and said, "Like...you fucking bitch" and she slapped
him again. I had to concentrate for that; I said, "You worm" and slapped him
once, "Good...go on" "You fuck" and I slapped him again; I began to say all
kinds of things to him and each time I said it, I hit him too, "You prick...you
piece of shit...you fucking little worm" and while doing it I never realized how
I squeezed my hand into a fist; last few blows I gave him on his chin with my
fist. "Jesus..." I stopped once I realized what I was doing, "You tend to loose
it...that's not bad" Susan said, "I'll leave you now" and before I managed to
protest she promptly left; it was just me and Steve hanging on the wall. As we
were alone, it felt different; I just lost my courage to continue, "Look...maybe
we should just..." but he interrupted me, "Come on, you can do it...hurt me, go
ahead..." I couldn't believe what he was saying; he saw me hesitating so he
decided he should help me, "You're just a stupid bitch like all the rest"; his
words really surprised me and got me angry, "What? What did you just say?" "You
heard me bitch" and without thinking I hit him in his stomach with my right
hand, "You shouldn't say things like that while being helpless" "Come on...you
can't do it, can't you?" he was provoking me. I don't remember how long, but,
one moment, I just found myself beating him without mercy all over his torso; he
was barely breathing when he said, "Hah...you do like it...you are a sadistic
bitch, after all..." I stopped as his words got to me; I wasn't sure what to
think of myself anymore. He said I should unshackle him and I did; he lowered to
the floor and began to crawl slowly around me; I kicked him in his ribs few
times but gently, "There..." he said and pointed to the closet on the other side
of the room; I went over there, opened it and saw that it was full of various
accessories and toys for playing such games, "Why don't you put one of those on"
he was referring to many pairs of different shoes and boots. I had no problems
with that so I took one pair of black sandals with high heels and sharp tops; I
put those on and came back near Steve, "Those look much better on you" he said,
came closer and began to lick my right shoe. Again, I saw that huge cock of his;
it was hard and erected; after a while he stopped and moved away, "No more" he
said and I knew he wanted to provoke me so I'd hit him again. He didn't have to;
I raised my leg up in the air and landed in on his back, not too hard, but hard
enough to pin him to the floor, "No more, ha? Ok..." I said and climbed his back
quickly with both my legs; "Huuhh..." he let out a moan as he didn't expect it;
I made a few steps over his back and stepped down; I placed my left shoe in
front of his face and said, "Lick!" I knew he wouldn't obey so I hit him in his
ribs again, this time little stronger with new shoes on me, "Crawl bitch!" I
ordered and he lifted himself up a bit; as soon as he started to crawl I hit him
again and again, each time a little harder; I was determined to make him beg me
to stop. As he crawled around me I hit him at least twenty times in his ribs,
stomach and ass, sometimes with tip of my shoes, sometimes with the sole or the
heel. But he never lost his erection; he saw me looking at it and he said, "Want
some?" "What? You fuck...I'd never do that with you" it pissed me off so I hit
him twice pretty hard; he curled on the floor and said, "Sorry...I just saw you
looking at it and..." but I interfered, "I want you to loose it...loose the
erection, quickly!" I knew he wouldn't be able to as all that turned him on too
much, "I can't" he said and I hit him again really hard; he got a little worried
then, "I really can't...I am sorry" "Well...you'll get rid of it one way or
another or I'll just beat you up until you pass out." I saw on his face that my
word got him almost freaking out and I hit him again, too; after a while he
said, "maybe...maybe you could step on it and then..." "Step on it?" I couldn't
believe what he was suggesting, "Yes, maybe then it'll go away" and quickly, he
turned around, set on his knees and leaned back exposing his groin to me with
his legs spread, "Ok..." I lifted my leg and placed my right shoe sole on top of
his big dick, "Yes...yes..." he was enjoying it; I pressed a little harder and
continued to apply pressure as he didn't complain. Soon, lower part of his cock
disappeared beneath my shoe, "Oh...god..." he had a painful expression on his
face so I slacked a little but he said, "No, no...I am ok, yes..." so I pressed
again; I continued to lean on my leg until I almost stepped fully on it,
"Ohhh...aahhh" I couldn't say if he was in pain or he was just enjoying it even
more, "You're sick, you know" I told him; he couldn't reply; he was just
moaning. After a while I removed my leg and saw a relief on his face; but his
dick was still upright and hard, only a little more reddish then before. "This
is not working" I leaned closer, grabbed his hair and slapped him, "Loose it!" I
yelled, "Or else..." but my words got him even more excited, "I can't...I really
can't..." I believed that he was trying to loose it; I was out of ideas but he
had some; he squatted lower down and his balls spread on the floor, "Here...put
it here" he wanted me to step on them, "Are you sure? That's crazy...it'll hurt
like hell" but he just nodded. I turned my foot sideways and slowly placed it
atop of his balls, pushing his dick away at the same time; I was barely touching
them, as that seemed really fucked up; he was all cooked up in expectation, I
saw it in his eyes, "Come on..." he said; I slowly added some weight to it and
immediately, he made a painful grin, "Aahhhh!" he yelled but I didn't remove my
foot; instead, I pressed harder few times; at the moment it felt good; I
actually wanted to smash his balls. Soon, those disappeared completely somewhere
beneath my sole and between it and the heel. He was in agony; I saw tears in his
eyes and that painful grin distorted his face completely; I felt no mercy. That
moment with Steve alone in that room completely changed my views about the whole
thing and about my husband John, too. I began to like it all too much.

I moved away to change my shoes and I just left him curled on the floor, still
in great pain. I went out and Susan was sitting there, "Good...so you did it" I
dint have to tell her anything as she knew by Steve's screams that I did it
properly, "If this doesn't work with John, I really don't know what else would"
she said as I was leaving. I wasn't sure I wanted to make it work anymore;
suddenly, I had no objections to the situation I was in with John.

That day I decided to put John thru a special treat; what I had in mind was a
whole evening and some of the night of handling him in a way he asked me to. I
was about to humiliate my husband, torture him as much as he can take but to
keep it within limits of tolerable. That was the evening meant to put things in
light; either we quit it all, either John would have become a full time slave in
his own house; a slave to a woman, woman he was married to and still so very
much in love with.

Whole day I felt like I was about to burst; I couldn't wait for the evening to
come; some of curiosity and some of desire that was culminating in me. More I
thought about it, more I liked the whole idea; all of the sudden it seemed like
a good way to express my self in this relationship. And the fact that John was
willing to become a slave made it easier for me. But, to reach the highest level
I needed an audience which would make my husband even more humiliated; also I
wanted an assistant so I called Susan over and told her to bring as many of her
toys as she could carry.

Susan came around 7:30 pm and brought one bag and one suitcase full of toys;
prior to it I told my husband about my plans and he was a bit confused at the
beginning, but eventually came to like the idea.

First we had dinner; John prepared it and it was delicious. After that, three of
us talked for a while and then I left them alone and went to prepare the room
for our little game.

"Ok, it is ready" I said and continued, "We are going in to prepare our selves
and you wait here; we'll call you once we are ready and, in the meantime, you
get naked; don't come inside unless you're completely naked." They both nodded
their heads and Susan stood up to follow me in the room.

As I told her exactly what I had in mind, at first, she disapproved, "maybe it
will be a little to hard...for the first time, you know." "Maybe", I replied,
"but I want to know here and now how far can I take all this; if he can't take
I'll know; it was his idea at the first place", after my reply she went along
with it.

I called him in after a while; seeing the room the way I fixed it surprised him
a lot; seeing me and Susan surprised him even more. He was excited, I could
tell; Susan wore a black cat suit up to her neck with knee high leather boots;
her red hair was tied in a horse tail erecting on top if her head. I had a red
leather corset, netlike stockings and red stilettos with extremely high spike
heels; my hair fell lose on my shoulders and back. On the floor there was
Susan's suitcase; it was open so he was able to see all of the toys Susan
brought. He just stood like that staring at us; he was naked. "Well...ready?" I
asked him, "Ah...yes...I guess" he replied; "Ok...for the record, Susan is here
only to help and watch, I am in charge, this is my show, understood?" "Yes" he
replied.

We both sat down on the bed, "I want to show you what this is all about" I said,
"I want to see if you understand what this is all about; I'll ask you some
questions and if I am not happy with the answers I'll punish you; if there's
anything you don't know how to reply to ask Susan, don't ask me, is that
understood?" I expected him to get at least confused about the way I acted, but
instead, he just confirmed with a 'Yes'. "Ok, then...now crawl over here" he
pounced down on the floor and crawled in front of us, "What are you?" I asked;
"A slave" he said, "And?" I continued, "Ahm...I don't know...maybe" before he
finished I smacked him on his back with a paddle Susan brought; "A dog" he said,
"Good! What else?" "A worm...a worthless male" he said and stopped as he didn't
know what else to say. "Ok...Susan, please tell him all that he is" I said and
continued, "And you...while listening all that you are to start licking my
shoes" he rapidly obeyed; his tongue began to go up and down my shoes,
"Well...first of all, you are whatever we want you to be" Susan began, "And any
name we might call you such as prick, fuck-face, asshole and so on, you'll be
and you will feel like that, too" she stopped for a while to check out his work
then continued, "You may as well be our carpet, our toilet, our maid and of
course our bitch...that's about it."

"Do you agree?" I asked, "Yes...I do" he confirmed, "Good then...now, hers" I
pointed to Susan's boots and he moved aside and down to stick his tongue out
over Susan's right boot. I stood up, went behind him and placed my right foot on
his back, "that a dog...good". As he licked I went over to the bag and took out
a dog collar with a leash attached to it; I came behind him and put it around
his neck. I pulled a little to see how it was holding, "come up" I said and he
stood on his feet. I led him to the wall and told him to put his hands up; on
the wall I had newly installed shackles, four of them, two up and two down for
his arms and legs. Susan secured his ankles while I worked on his wrists; we
used for pairs of handcuffs Susan brought with her. He was pin-pointed to the
wall and I said, "Well...Susan here honored me by lending me her slave-husband
few days ago so I could practice; I think that is, at least fair, that I do the
same for her, so..." I moved away and sat down on the bed; Susan grabbed a bull
whip from her magic bag and went behind my husband; she moved few steps away and
asked "are we punishing him for something in particular or it's just training?",
"Just training" I replied. "Ok then" she added and turned to John; I saw him
twitching his muscles in expectation. She swung her hand and the whip flew
'SWISSHHH' and it landed on his back marking it from his right shoulder to his
left buttock 'Argghhh!' he yelled as he didn't expect it'd hurt as it did. Susan
was handy with that bull whip; as she continued to beat him, marks on his back
were so equal like she drew it with a ruler. Small drops of blood began to drip
from those scars whip mad on his skin; he was screaming with each lash but the
screams were getting more and more silent. I hoped he would beg her to stop but
he didn't and she just lost control over it; I stood up and held her hand,
"Ok...I think it's enough for now. We have a whole evening in front of us;
wouldn't want him passed out just yet, ha?" He languished in those and she was
almost breathless; we unshackled him from the wall and, as he barely stood on
his feet, we brought him to the bed. I wiped his back with a towel and laid him
on his back. Bed was covered with a plastic sheet as I didn't want to destroy
the bedclothes; I locked his wrists and his ankles to the bedrail and said,
"Rest a while dog; we'll be back soon" and I took Susan out of the bedroom.
"Sorry..." she said, "I kind of lost it back there", "Oh, don't worry; he's a
strong one, he can take it. Anyway, I stopped you because I didn't want you to
spoil our fun for the evening by doing him completely" and we both giggled on
that. We talked a while what to do next, had a glass of wine and went back; John
was lying there with his eyes wide open, "Good, you're awake; we decided to give
you a real reason to miss work for next period" I turned around and opened that
suitcase. We each took two pairs of boots from it, came to the bed and I said,
"Choose dog! Which two pairs of these you like best, ha?" All four pairs were
real killers; high heels with brass spikes and thick soles; he couldn't say a
word as he was just breathing heavily, probably out of fear, "You know what we
are going to do with these, don't you; we are going to trample the shit out of
you", we turned around and sat on the bed to change our footwear. I said to
Susan, "I really have to go shopping and buy me some of these things", she never
replied to that. Once we were done we both climbed the bed; I placed my right
leg on his chest and asked her, "Which part do you want darling?" "Whatever" she
said and quickly climbed on his both legs with her full weight. I did it too but
on his chest; 'Huuhh' was the sound that came out of his mouth; immediately, red
marks appeared on his skin right where our spiked heels leaned on. He couldn't
stand two of us; one maybe but two was too much, "No...please...I can't...mmmhh"
"Oh...what's the matter honey? Can't stand it? Sorry to hear that, but you'll
just have too" I could actually feel his ribs flex under my boots as I began to
move over his torso; Susan was quicker then me; she already had his legs marked
all over and, when I turned to see, she was standing on top of his groin; his
cock disappeared completely under her sole. "Good" I said, "Just be careful,
ha...I am gonna need those in future", I turned and went upward toward his head;
I stepped with one boot on his right temple and said, "Let's see how hardheaded
you are really" and I just lifted my self up leaning on the wall. I was standing
on his skull with my full weight; I saw his neck veins coming out and he was in
no position to even cry out for mercy or let out a simple groan. I stood there
for maybe a minute and, once I got really afraid his eyes might pop out I
stepped down on the bed. Susan did to and we just watched him for a while; once
he gathered himself together a bit he looked at me with a confusion in his eyes;
"T..." he wanted to say something but he couldn't, "Yes? What is it?" I asked
and leaned closer to him to hear his whisper; he was really whispering, "I
didn't want...this...Tina" he had to take a breath, "I thought we play...that we
play some domination only, but this...", I looked at him pitifully and said, "I
think it's too late now; I began to like all this too much and you'll just have
to bear it for me...well, tonight at least...sorry" and  I moved away. Susan
came to the bed and removed the handcuffs from his wrists and ankles, "Stand
up!" she ordered him; he sat at first on the edge and then slowly stood on his
feet. His body was covered with red marks made by our sharp heels; on few spots,
where we pressed harder, there were bruises and his back were all criss-crossed
by the lashes of that bull whip. "Tell us how you want more" I said, "Come on,
you do want it, right?" He hesitated for a while and then he said, "No"; "No?!"
I raised my voice, "You can't say no to us! Didn't you get that already?" and as
I finished I raised my right hand and slapped him on his face pretty hard; he
fell on the bed, "Get up! Who said you can lie down?" Slowly he placed his feet
on the ground and, just when he was about to stand up, I swung my right boot and
landed it into his abdomen; with a scream and loss of breath he fell on the
floor and curled, "I SAID STAND UP YOU FUCK!" I was really yelling now; Susan
was few feet away just watching; I looked at her and said, "Come on...you do
want to do this, right?" "Oh yes" she said and came closer. "GET UP, YOU LITTLE
PRICK?" she yelled at him now; he leaned on his hands and, when he was trying to
push himself up, Susan hit him right on his mouth with her boot sole;
"Noo...mmmfff" his mouth were bleeding as he tried to beg while lying on his
back now; "Please...not anymore". We didn't pay much attention to his pleading
but instead, Susan spread his legs apart with her foot and went right for his
groin; I watched as she was parting his cock from his balls with her boot; both
of his balls were now disappearing under her boot while his cock was pushed
aside, "These are history" she said, "I'll crush them like nuts" and she began
to add pressure to it; 'AAARGGHHH!' he was in agony as his screams ripped the
room; I came closer to his head, placed my boot on his neck, pressed a little
and yelled, "SHUT UP!" His balls being crushed and me standing on his
neck...well, I guess he thought he was at his end. The sight of him in such pain
and suffocating under my thick sole made me so hot, I felt warm liquid dripping
down my thigh; his red and blue face told me that I over did it so I stepped off
of his neck; Susan saw me so she did the same, "I think we managed what you
wanted" she said in whisper, "He'll probably beg you not to play this game ever
again, ha?" she smiled to it; I turned to her and said, "No...it's a whole
different ball game now" I came closer to her and said silently, "I don't want
him to ask me to stop, anymore." I turned to John and said, "Why don't you rest
again; we'll be back soon", I turned away and left the room and Susan followed.
I told her that we could as well have some sex with him instead of only
mistreating my poor husband, "Well, ok...but I think you should fuck him only;
you never did it with Steve so I won't with John" she said, "Suit yourself" I
replied, "But if you like you can have him eat you out; I know you must be
pretty turned on by now. Anyway, you'll have to help me with the dildos, ok?"
"No problem" Susan said cheerfully.

We got back in a little later and found John was asleep; second bottle of wine
was disappearing slowly and we both felt a bit dizzy, "Look at him" I said
silently, "Mother-fucker wants more; I was sure he escaped thru the window as we
forgot to tie him up...but no; he's just sleeping like a baby. Well, if he wants
it, he'll sure get it" I finished, came closer to the bed and yelled, "WAKE UP!"
He opened his eyes and, before he knew it, I was pulling him up by his hair and
Susan grabbed him by his left arm, "How about some sex now? Would you like
some?" I asked him; I saw a glitter in his eyes; he thought he'd get laid
finally, but how wrong he was. "Turn around, face down!" I said; he turned on
the bed and Susan and I went to secure him to the bed again; once his wrists and
ankles were locked again we moved away to get what we needed from the magic bag.
"Which on do you want?" Susan asked me; he was desperate to see what we were up
to but he couldn't turn his head completely as he was properly stretched and
secured to the bed, "This one I guess" and I chose an 8" black elastic dildo
with a strap to fast it around my waist; Susan took a sturdy one, about 10" long
but very thick and with a strap also. Once we were ready we came beside him; his
eyes almost popped out when he saw what we had hanging under our belly buttons,
"Oh no...please, no" he cried out, "Well, you wanted some sex, right? So here it
comes", I we both stepped on the bed and I went in front of his face; Susan
positioned herself behind him and between his legs; she applied some lubricant
on the dildo but left his ass dry and waited for my sign, "Now...I want a nice
blow job, worm. Better do it right or else..." I showed him a riding crop I had
in my hand; slowly, he opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out; I let him lick
the dildo for a while and then, when he wasn't expecting it, I grabbed his head
and shoved it mercilessly down his throat. 'Gghhhh' was the sound that came out
from his throat; I kept it in like that for a few moments and then began to fuck
his mouth; I pushed it in and pulled out, increasing the pace all the time,
"Yeah...suck it bitch! Suck it! Come on, suck it good...yes" I think he actually
liked it; he was gurgling all the time but sucking on that dildo, too. I gave
Susan a sign with my head; she parted his ass cheeks with her hand and placed
the dildo on his asshole; as he felt it he tried to avoid her penetration by
moving, but she was too experienced; she grabbed the leash he still had on him,
pulled it and the dildo just slid into him; he opened his mouth wide and
'AAAHHH!' yelled as it probably hurt, "Fuck him Susan...do him good" I said; she
pulled out a little and then, she just rammed it all the way in; it was too much
for his virgin ass; I saw tears running down his cheeks and he was breathless.
But Susan just kept pulling it out and pushing it in hard, increasing the pace,
too. He was really fucked good; I saw his complete body was twitching in agony,
"Oh yes...I'll fuck your bitch good" she said, "Your ass is mine, prick" and she
slapped him hard on his ass; I lifted my hand up in the air and hit him twice on
his back with the riding crop I had, "Come on bitch! You can do better, can you?
Here..." I gave the riding crop to Susan, "It'll work better in your hands"; she
took it and began to whip his ass and his back as she fucked his ass; he never
looked so minor to me as he did then, "That a girl" I said as she began to whip
him like in frenzy; I was almost tearing his hair from his scalp as I pulled it
hard towards that dildo; Susan leaned forward, grabbed his both shoulders and
rammed the dildo completely inside his ass; she held him like that while I
pulled his head towards me and made him swallow mine completely. We held him
like that for a minute maybe; at one moment I thought he might faint so I said,
"Ok...it's enough". Susan pulled out and moved away and so did I; once we were
clear he just fell on the bed, lying there completely limp and crying. That was
the only moment I felt pity for him but it passed quickly. "Let's turn him
around" I said and released his wrists; Susan did the same with his ankles and
we turned him on his back; again we locked him to the bedrail and, for a while,
we just stood like that watching him. After a while he opened his wet eyes and I
said, "Oh yes...he can take more"; three hours passed without any kind of sexual
activity so I asked Susan, "You want it or not?" "I guess I do" she replied, "Ok
then; you go first". She came to the top of the bed having the dildo in her
hand; she placed it around his had and secured it; the sight of that dildo
standing erected from his face really drove me nuts, "Go and hurry up; I don't
know if I'll be able to hold it any longer"; Susan smiled to that and climbed
the bed; she strode his body and went upwards to the top where his face was. She
squatted down, placed the top of that inviting, erected and big dildo, at her
pussy and just slid on it; it was a huge one; I assumed she must have used it
before but still, she cried out as it penetrated her. She began to move up and
down on it, slowly at first in short amplitude; soon, she was jumping all over
his face moving in ecliptic motion as well as vertical; 'Oh yeess...that's it'
she grabbed the bedrail firmly as her body went spasmodic in an intense orgasm,
"Oh god...I am...COOOMING!" she yelled; John didn't mind any of it at all; in
fact, his cock was now proudly up and stiff for the first time that evening. I
didn't wait for Susan to move; instead I climbed the bed and strode his lower
part and, in an instant, I was ramming my pussy hard on his cock. Unfortunately
for him, he came to quick; he couldn't make any sounds because Susan was now
sitting on his face completely loose, but I sensed it; I dismounted from his sex
quickly and tried to stop him; I grabbed his balls and cock and squeezed them
hard but still, he spurted all over my hand and his belly; "Move!" I almost
yelled at Susan and pulled her by her shoulder that she almost fell; once she
was off the bed I ran up and literally jumped on that dildo, "Give me that!" I
turned to Susan and pointed to the riding crop.

She handed it and I looked down at my frightened husband, "WHO ALLOWED YOU TO
CUM?!" I asked him with my voice raised; he wanted to say something thru that
strap belt but I just hit him on his side with the crop, "SHUT UP!" and I began
to ride him hard; I rode his face hard and fast, my bottom was pounding all over
his face and I gave him a few lashes more on his side until I came; I let the
crop fall on the floor and grabbed his chest behind me with both of my hands;
and, as long as my mind-blowing orgasm lasted, I stuck my nails into his flesh,
never noticing that I really punched his skin and wounded him. When it was all
over, I stepped off the bed and sat on the chair nearby, feeling like I just ran
5 miles drunk.

I saw Susan standing near the bed; she was checking the condition of my husband,
examining him from head to toes; she removed the dildo from his face, came to me
and said silently, "He is all fucked up. We did him pretty damn well...maybe a
little too much, you know." I stood up still feeling dizzy, went over to the bed
and checked him myself; I turned to Susan and said, "He'll live. Let's have some
wine" and we left the room again leaving John bound to the bed. "I am not sure
if I should leave you two alone; seeing you there, you might just loose it
completely and do some permanent damage on him" she said; I wasn't paying much
attention to her words, instead I said, "I want another one", "Another one
what?" she asked, "Another orgasm; one is not good enough for so much work; if I
was to just fuck him for 4 hours I'd probably get 3, so I want one more...even
if we have to repeat all that, I want one more!" I was pretty determined to
waste him completely if that was what it took to have one more of those stellar
orgasms. "Jesus...I am tired; I can't even imagine what he's going thru" Susan
said, "What do you wanna do now?" she asked, "I don't know, you tell me...what
else is left to do?" She thought for a while and then asked, "Well...what turns
you on the most: I mean, what you feel like doing...humiliating, torturing,
teasing?" I thought it over for a few moments and then I said, "I think
torturing; let's find out what his limits really are, shell we?" "Ok...whatever
you say; after all, he is yours and you should decide how far we should go; for
all I care you can kill him if you want." Just her words turned me on, "Kill
him?" I repeated; she looked at me with her eyes wide open, "What? No...that was
just figure of speech" she lowered her voice, "Are you nuts?" At that moment I
had a picture in my head of me strangling John with a rope while he was lying on
the bed, face down and his hands cuffed behind him. She looked at me with a
judicious look and said, "Ok; there is one thing we could do; I did it few times
with Steve but we have to be extremely careful and make sure that he wouldn't
resist much; he has to be drugged or something." "I don't have any drugs in here
but what do you have in mind" I couldn't wait to find out; just the expectation
of finding out what she had in mind began to turn me on, "I'll show you" and she
went back to the room; she came back quickly with a rope that had a noose at one
end, "Oh god" I said when I saw it, "Is that what I think it is?" "Yes" Susan
replied, "But if it frightens you then..." "No! No..." I interrupted her, "Is it
safe?" I asked, "Well...yes, if you are careful and well timed" she wanted to
say something else but I jumped in, "Lets do it!" and I stood up; I saw that
Susan was a little surprised by my reactions and behavior that evening but I
continued, "I have a perfect place for that; in the basement there is a iron bar
on the ceiling where he used to hang some chain blocks when he was repairing his
bike; even more, the ceiling is higher then here...it's perfect" I never thought
that something might go wrong, "The only problem is that I have no drugs; not
even any tranquilizers" she just shrug her shoulders as I approached her, "But I
think I know the way how to make him feel drugged" I said, grabbed the rope and
led Susan to the basement.

The place was perfect; a little darker then the rest of the house and there was
a bench that John made once; the bench was long, wide and stabile enough. Susan
just watched me as I brought the bench under the bar and climbed on it to fix
the rope; I checked if it was well secured and climbed off, "Come on" I called
her and we went up the stairs. Once we reached the top of the stairs I stopped
and turned around; I glanced over the basement as an idea came to me, "What?"
she asked as she saw me thinking, "How perfect" I said, turned to her and
continued, "He loves this place; he is always in here repairing or making
something out of wood" I smiled and continued, "I'll just have to make it his
new living quarters" and as I finished, I took her hand and we went back to the
bedroom, "How are we gonna make him feel indifferent?" she wondered and I just
smiled to her.

He was awake; I guess his wounds wouldn't let him sleep, "Hi honey, we're back";
immediately he changed the expression on his face; I took a black leather hood
Susan brought and came to the bed, "We have something special for you to close
the evening", I gave the hood to Susan and told her to put it on him. As she
removed the collar from his neck and was putting the hood on I went out to
living room and came back with bottle of tequila. The hood was perfect as it had
a zipper for the mouth, "Now, hold his head" I said and Susan grabbed it with
both of her hands; I closed that zipper half its length and opened the bottle; I
pinched his nostrils and he opened his mouth; once I saw he had enough air I
quickly poured the liquor shoving the bottleneck in his mouth. He had to drink
it as he couldn't move his head or close his mouth. After maybe one third of the
content was gone I took it out of his mouth; 'Gghhhh...' he was gasping for air
and swallowing at the same time, "What...no...please, no more" he begged again.
We left him like that for a while and had another glass of wine; third bottle
was vanishing and we were really dazed by it; we went back in after 20 minutes
and removed the hood from his head; I glanced at his eyes and he had a foggy
look, "Good" I said; we removed the cuffs and lifted him on his feet. He was
dazed too by that tequila but, "It's not good enough" I said, "What do you
think?" "I don't know...maybe if you poured a little more..." Susan said, "Not a
problem...we'll just have to help the booze a little; lets bound him over there"
I pointed to those shackles on the wall. As we secured him with his back to the
wall, I put a pair of leather winter gloves on my hands, "What's that for?"
Susan asked, "You'll see"; I stood right in front of him holding my hands on my
hips and watched him for a while, "Don't worry...you won't feel a thing; the
tequila made you num enough" and suddenly, I swung my right leg and kicked him
right between his legs 'AAAARRGGGGHHH!!!' he screamed; before he could
comprehend what was happening I raised my right hand and hit him on his chin. I
heard the sound of his teeth clicking but it wasn't good enough; I squeezed my
hand into a fist and hit him on his chin again more forcefully; it was working,
he barely held his head up; I hit him twice at his ribs and ones at his abdomen;
he lost his breath and then I gave him three more blows on his face until his
head fell down. His lips and his nose were bleeding; his body was all in
bruises. We took him down from the wall and carried him to the basement; I
climbed the bench and together, we lifted him up and held him like that because
he was unconscious. Susan held him upright and I placed the noose over his head;
I tightened it around his neck and cuffed his hands behind his back. I needed to
adjust the rope, to make it tight as I didn't want his neck to snap; as I
finished I said, "Hold him like that for a while", I stepped down and went up to
bring that dildo and some duct tape. I used the tape to bind his legs together
so he wouldn't swing them around; I pulled the rope a little more up so he was
now barely holding his feet on the bench; I saw he was waking up so I quickly
put some tape around his mouth, "Ok, let him go" and, as she did he woke up
completely. We both stepped down on the floor; his eyes were wide open and full
of fear; he bobbed his head as a 'No' but we just watched him for a while. I was
so hot and turned on I felt my swollen pussy rubbing against my thighs, "What's
the dildo for?" Susan asked; I turned to her and said, "I want you to put it on
around your waist" I said in whisper, "And?" she asked again and I raised my
voice a bit so John could hear, "And I want you to fuck me while I watch him
die." I wanted him to think that there, that evening he is going to die, that it
was all for real; later, he'd be grateful that we let him live and forget all
what we did earlier that evening. I knew I managed what I wanted just by looking
in his eyes; those had a frantic as well as pleading look; his body was
trembling and shivering but without any sign of movement as he knew he could
easily push the bench away. "I don't know" Susan was hesitating, "I never used
this on a woman...I am not gay, Tina"; I smiled to that, "Neither am I...but I
told you, I want another orgasm and...just don't think about it as sex; think of
it as a favor, that's all." She thought it for a while and finally agreed, "Ok,
I'll do it; how do you want to do it?" I went to the other side of the basement
and I brought an old chair; I placed it few meters in front of the bench and
then went over to it; I placed my right leg on its edge and turned to Susan,
"Ready?" I asked her and she nodded; I then turned to John, looked up at his
terrified face and said, "Now, we are about to have two orgasms, one each; I
suggest you better hold on until we are finished because we are not coming for
you until we're done; better pray that we're quick enough" and as I finished I
watched him for a few moments and then slowly pushed the bench under his feet.
As the bench turned to a side and fell he remained in the air hanging by the
rope; he tried to fight it but, more he moved, noose got tighter around his
neck. I walked backwards until I reached the chair, came behind it and exposed
my rear to Susan, "Come on!" I said; she placed the dildo on my pussy and just
slid in, 'OOHHH...yes, come on' I rammed my rear backwards to take it more in.
She grabbed my thighs and began to fuck me hard; I never took my eyes off my
suffocating victim hanging from the ceiling as it gave me such a turn on; it
took me only a minute or so and I was screaming out the best orgasm ever,
'OHHH....YEESSS! I'AM COOOOOMIINGG! AAHHHHHHH!!!", My knees were shaking and I
almost fell on the floor; I managed to get my sense together and I said to
Susan, "Come on, it's your turn now"; she again hesitated a little but she said
yes; quickly, we exchanged positions and, once I secured the dildo around my
crotch, I rammed it into Susan's sex. 'AAHHH!' she yelled and began to move her
lower body in circles, 'Oh yes, yes...do it, yes...ahhaaa" she went crazy; I
glanced at John again and saw that he wasn't moving so much anymore; his face
turned reddish and his eyeballs were bigger then ever. I just hoped that she'd
come soon as he didn't have much left in him. After maybe 10 minutes he was
hanging there without any life signs; I got scared he might be dead so I yelled,
"Come on bitch...come already, he is dying"; she was still yelling and moaning
and as she looked up to see John, she suddenly came; she gripped the dildo with
her pussy so hard I barely managed to take it out. I ran to the place where my
victim was hanging, grabbed his both legs and pushed up, "Come on, help me
here!" I yelled at Susan; she was still dazed by the orgasm she had but she
managed to come and pull the bench up. In maybe next 20 seconds we managed to
take him down and lay him on the bench. He was unconscious and he had
difficulties breathing, but he was alive; blood came back to his face and his
pulse became stabile after a while; I felt like I just spat out a large bone
from my throat.

We took him upstairs and laid him on the bed and began to fix him; we attended
his wounds best we could and as he woke up I gave him a pain killer and a
sleeping pill dissolved in a glass of water, "Sshhh...it's ok; you're fine and
it's all over". Those medicines worked quickly so he fell asleep very soon;
Susan packed her things and left. I stayed up for a while fixing the place and
then, I joined him in the bed. He slept like a lamb.



That morning a hastily movement that followed a loud 'Noooo!' woke me up; as I
opened my eyes I saw my husband crouched in a corner of the room and shaking. I
stood up and went over to him, "What? Honey, what's the matter?" I asked as I
was really concerned; I never saw him like that before. But, he just covered his
head with his arms and said, "No...please, no more, no!" I was confused,
completely surprised with his acting, "But what..." I never managed to finish as
he again pleaded, "Please don't...no, please!" it began to terrify me seeing him
like that; I had no clue what was going on, "What is wrong? Please tell me?" but
he just continued for next few moments and then, he suddenly stopped and, with a
confused look, just began to examine himself, "But...I don't...how..." he was
just checking out his hands and legs, his chest and the rest. He jumped on his
feet and ran in front of the mirror; his hands found their way to his face and
neck and, after a while, he turned to me, "I don't understand...you, did
you...how did you..." but from all that confusion he never finished, "Did I
what, John?" He didn't reply and eventually calmed down, "I can't believe I was
only dreaming...I can't believe it...ha, ha, ha" and suddenly he burst to
psychedelic laughter. At first he refused to tell me about his dream but, as
stubborn as I get, I managed to persuade him. More he talked about it, more I
was astonished; once he finished I couldn't close my mouth or my eyes but soon,
I burst into laughter, "I think you're really losing it, John...I hanged
you...you're gone mad."

Later in the afternoon I called Susan and told her all about it, "Now, that's
really serious" she said, "Yes, I know" I replied, "What am I gonna do about
it?" "Nothing...it'll go away eventually, he'll forget all about it and I
suggest that you stop playing any games for a while", she stopped for a while
and then continued with her voice down, "And Tina..." "Yes" I lowered mine
voice, too, "Next time, lets give Steve some wet and bloody dreams, shall we?"
she just giggled on that and hung up.





Mail To: mm2000xx@hotmail.com



(c) By M.M.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





