BDSM Library - Demon Seed




Demon Seed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My tribute to bukkake and vampire mythology.
                                   DEMON SEED


	"What the hell?"

	Al braked the Caddy hard and stared at the parking lot of his club.  It
was packed, not just with cars but with people.  A line of guys ran out the
front door and along the front of the building.  He found a parking spot across
the street at the Muffler Shop and walked back across.

	"Hey, no cuts!" someone yelled at him as he pushed past the line toward
the front door.

	"Shut the fuck up!" he shot back.  Danny, his big bouncer, was by the
front door and opened it for him.

	Inside, the club was lit up brighter than it ever was during business
hours, and filled with guys.  The line stretched through the seating area to the
table that had been set up next to the stage.  Al found his assistant manager in
the office, watching things through the one-way mirror.

	"What the fuck is this?" Al demanded of the kid.

	"You forget?" Bernie said.

	"No I didn't forget, but what the fuck are all these guys?"

	"I told you this chick was big.  Just 'cause you've never heard of her
and she don't have big tits or strip doesn't mean she don't have fans."

	The giant Consumer Electronics Show was in Vegas, and along with the
standard exhibition hall featuring the wares of Sony and Microsoft was the even
more popular convention featuring the latest offerings from adult movie studios
big and small.  Their booths were packed with scantily clad porn stars.  The
show wasn't open to the general public but a lot of fans still managed to get
in.  For those that couldn't, a lot of the outfits set up meet-and-greet events.

	Some German porn studio Al had never heard of had wanted to rent out his
strip club for one of their stars.  Al had never heard of the chick, Irina
somebody, but Bernie had recognized the name.  Since Wednesdays were kinda slow
he took the deal.  Half a dozen of his girls were out on the floor gyrating, and
paying him for the privilege, but it didn't look as if they were getting many
tips.  Most of the guys couldn't take their eyes offa the German chick signing
shit at the table, but at least some of them were drinking.

	"What's the big deal with this chick?  She don't look like nuthin."

	"Fetish," Bernie told him.  "I've got some of her comp videos up on the
big screens."

	Al watched the compilated scenes for about thirty seconds.  "Jesus, some
cunts'll do anything.  Got some damn good technique, I'll give her that.  If
these strippers knew how to work their asses like that they'd be millionaires. 
She never stops moving.  What's that phrase?  Swiveling like it's on ball
bearings?  Jesus, can she work a cock.  She still ain't much to look at,
though," he commented, staring at the line trailing out the door.

	"Well, she's famous for fucking her fans.  Her fan club's got something
like a million members worldwide.  She's got a website and does webcam shows and
supposedly fans can hook up with her.  That's who's in her videos, not porn
stars.  'Cept for that guy with the monster cock in her vids, he works for the
same outfit.  Goes by Vlad the Impaler."

	Al laughed.  "Yeah, I heard a him.  Some porn sluts won't work with him
cuz he's too big."  He looked at the guys in her videos.  Fatsos and pindicks,
for the most part.

	"After the signing they want to film a little video here.  They offered
double what we wanted and said they'd be out of here by four."

	Al snorted.  "Shit, long as they clean up after themselves.  Wednesdays
afternoons suck anyway."

	"That's what I thought you'd say."

	

	Irina - her last name was a mystery - sat at the long table signing
whatever was put in front of her.  Videos, magazines she'd appeared in or that
had done articles on her, her fan club 'zine, CD-Roms, DVDs, everything.

	Her fans knew her measurements but still most of them were surprised how
small she was when they met her in person.  A hair over five feet tall, she had
a slender, athletic build and absolutely no breasts.  Even her nipples were
small, like a man's.  She had jet black hair, cut butch short and spiked out
with mouse, and was always smiling.  She also looked hardly old enough to be
doing porn - twenty, maybe twenty-two years old, tops, is what most people
guessed when they saw her.  Her porn career, however, stretched back over ten
years.  A look at her first films revealed she hadn't aged a day since.

	Her tan set off her brilliantly white teeth, and the whites of her eyes
seemed almost too white.  She usually wore black eyeliner to accentuate her
eyes, and smiled wide to show off her teeth.  She had short, sharp-looking
canines, and a red, darting tongue.

	The white blouse she wore was unbuttoned down to the waistband of her
black miniskirt, revealing smooth, tanned skin and a flat stomach.  Her male
fans, as they leaned over the table, didn't try to look down her shirt as much
as the uninformed might expect, but Irinas fame wasn't due so much to her looks
as to her actions.  Behind her, on the clubs three big screen TVs, scenes from
her most popular movies were playing.

	"You're beautiful, I love your videos," a chunky man in corduroy told
her.  He stared at her briefly, then his eyes were drawn upward to the nearest
TV.  His mouth came open slightly and he licked his lips, breathing loudly.

	"Thank you," Irina told him, signing the DVD he'd brought, her first big
hit.  Immer Essen, always eating.  Her nostrils flared slightly, and she leaned
forward imperceptibly.  She smiled, then glanced over her shoulder to see what
he was watching.  She then looked at the muscular man standing next to the table
and inclined her head at Mr. Corduroy.

	Her assistant took the chunky man by the arm and led him a few steps
away from the table.  He whispered in the man's ear briefly.  The fan's eyes
grew wide, and he looked back at Irina, who just smiled at him.  He nodded
enthusiastically and his hands started to shake.  The assistant pointed him
toward the back of the club, away from the table and the line of men.  At least
two dozen of her fans were over there, watching her movie clips and ignoring the
strippers trying to see if anyone was interested in a lapdance.

	On one screen Irina knelt next to a blonde whose face and chest were
entirely coated with the semen of three dozen men.  The dark-haired porn star
began excitedly sucking and licking the cum off the blonde, swallowing
everything.  When she had consumed every last drip and streak on the woman Irina
then began licking up the drops that had fallen onto the rubber floor mat.  The
video, Snowballer in Hell, was the first in what had become a very popular
series.

	On another TV Irina could be seen on her knees, surrounded by men.  They
took turns in her mouth and pussy, and when they were ready, jerked off onto her
back.  The white globs were quite striking against her tanned skin, which was
why she spent so much time in the tanning salon.  Another naked woman waited
nearby with a spoon, and as soon as each man was done she scooped up the come
from Irina's tanned skin and fed it to the dark-haired woman.  Irina ate semen
like fat people ate fried chicken, and always with a smile.  The movie was Spoon
Fed 4, one of her moderately popular titles.

	On the third TV Irina was getting fucked in the ass by Vlad the Impaler,
who was advertised as having the biggest cock in porn.  A foot long, it was as
thick as a beer can, and several of the strippers stared in amazement at the
video as Irina took his entire shaft to the balls in her ass and begged for
more.  His cock was huge by any standards, but in comparison to her tiny form it
looked cartoonish.  His shaft was as thick as one of her calves, his equally
massive sack half the size of her head. 

	"I like it in the ass," one of the strippers said to another dancer as
they watched the nearest TV, "but that's insane."

	"Even a finger hurts me," the other dancer admitted.  She arched her
back a little more to show off her implants and moved off to try and make some
money.

	Vlad pounded her ferociously for a few minutes, then pulled out
abruptly.  The camera caught sight of her asshole gaping open and glistening
darkly.  Irina got onto her knees and began jerking him off.  She needed to use
two hands on Vlad, and his shaft was so thick she could barely get her hands
around him.

	The strippers stopped what they were doing and stared as Irina worked to
get the head of Vlad's cock into her mouth.  It was the size of a fist.  Not
only was she able to get her jaws around him, but they watched dumbfounded as
she forced her distended face deeper and deeper onto his shaft until she'd
succeeded in deepthroating him.  On the screen her throat was hugely distended
from his fat shaft, veins bulging in her neck, but the skinny porn star hardly
seemed to notice it as she bobbed her head up and down on him.  Finally she
backed her face off him until only the apple-sized head of his cock remained in
her mouth and used both her hands to jerk him off.  Vlad growled loudly as her
hands flew back and forth and suddenly fat strings of come were shooting out
both her nostrils.  His cumshots were three or four times as copious as any
other porn star.

	"How do you do that?" a skinny blonde stripper asked Irina.  The porn
star looked up at the cocaine-thin stripper in her red g-string and smiled.

	"Practice," she told her, displaying a slight accent.  She signed a copy
of Dog Day Afternoon 3 - still illegal in America - with a smile, then posed for
a picture with the fan.  Her standard pose was to open her mouth and stick her
tongue out as far as it would go, always with a twinkle in her eye.  Behind her
on the screen Vlad had pulled his massive organ out of her mouth, long strings
of come running from her nose.  She noisily snorted in what she could and sucked
at the strings covering her lips while Vlad milked a few final drops from his
shaft and deposited them on the bridge of her nose.  She used her fingers to
collect every last dribble.

	"Practice?"  The dubious blonde stared at the baseball bat of a cock
onscreen.  "It'd take me years just to get my jaws around that thing."

	Irina nodded knowingly.  "Practice," she repeated.

	A clip from Anita Felching 7 popped up on one of the TVs.  A very
well-endowed black guy was assfucking a blonde that looked ten months pregnant. 
He finished up inside her and then pulled out.  Irina moved up quickly on hands
and knees and sucked the come out of the expectant mother's gaping asshole, then
slid under her to nurse off her engorged breasts.  Another hung actor knelt
behind the blonde and slid into her ass with a sigh.

	The finale of the German porn star's most famous movie popped onscreen
and for those strippers who'd never heard of bukkake they didn't know whether to
be fascinated or repulsed.  Kneeling on a rubber mat, glistening with sweat from
two hours of hard fucking, Irina stared with undisguised hunger at two one-liter
carafes sitting on the mat before her.  She'd made every limb and orifice of her
body eager and available to the crowd of two hundred men and the results were
there in front of her.  Each carafe was full to the top with semen.

	Slowly, almost reverentially, Irina lifted the first carafe and started
drinking.  The men began chanting, louder and louder, urging her on.  She
chugged down the entire first carafe, paused to burp, then drank the whole of
the second.  One of the men standing around her handed her a spoon and she
scooped out the dregs and ate that as well.

	"God, how can you stand to swallow that stuff?" the fake-breasted
stripper asked her.  "It's gross."  The stripper had garishly blonde hair and a
tattoo of a rose on one ankle.

	"It's an acquired taste," the small woman admitted.  She signed a copy
of CumBurper 14, then opened her mouth for another picture.

	"You're from Germany?" the stripper asked her, noticing the accent.

	"Romania," Irina told her.

	"Oh."  The stripper had never heard of Romania.  Maybe it was in
Germany.  "I'm from Jersey."

	After eating almost half a gallon of come, Irina could be seen on-screen
rubbing her visibly swollen belly and masturbating her hairless pussy.  She lay
on her back and a dozen or more men, so turned on by her performance, found some
life in their cocks and jerked off once again, this time into her mouth, face,
and hair.  Irina did her best to eat it all no matter where it landed and that
was why she kept her hair short - it was easier to get the globs out.

	An hour and twenty minutes later Irina finally reached the end of the
line, signed her last DVD copy of SpermaFrau 12, had her picture taken with
another fan, and then the doors were locked.  Waiting anxiously by the stage
were the three dozen or so men hand-picked by the star and they watched her
every move.

	She got out from behind the table, stretched, and then excused herself
to the bathroom to freshen up while her three
assistants-slash-bodyguards-slash-cameramen set up their equipment.  Three
minutes later she emerged wearing fresh lipstick, a big smile, and nothing else. 
The crowd of men cheered her as she strutted across the floor toward them,
wiggling her narrow hips exaggeratedly.

	Suddenly a man ran toward her from a dark corner.  Light glinted from
the blade of a huge knife in his fist.  Irina never saw him and none of the men
had time to react before he reached her.

	"You're mine, Demon Bitch!" he yelled, grabbing her from behind by the
hair and pulling her down to her knees.  He placed the blade against her throat
as the men started yelling.

	"You ignorant fools!" he shouted at the crowd.  "Back off!  Don't you
know who she is?  What she is?"

	"Dude!" one of Irina's assistants tried to calm the agitated man. 
"Relax.  What's the problem?  Put the knife down, everything's fine."

	"Shut up!  Just shut up.  I'm not crazy.  Listen to me," he told the
angry men, who were inching closer.  He kept one fist entwined in the tiny porn
star's hair, the curved knife blade against her throat.  She kept very still,
not moving or panicking.  "This is not a woman.  This is not a human.  Maybe she
once was, a long time ago, I don't know, I was only able to trace her back two
hundred years or so, but she's not now."

	"She looks pretty goddamn human to me you fucking whackjob!" a fan
shouted at him.

	"That is to beguile you.  She is a voracia, a creature of the night and
darkness, here to steal your soul and corrupt your spirit."

	"Holeeee crap."

	"Buddy, you need to get some help."

	"What the fuck's a voracia?"

	"You know what they are.  They feed on human souls, human life.  They've
been around for centuries.  When they and their despicable acts were first
discovered the true nature of their crimes were too sensitive to be discussed in
public and so they were called vampires, and people were told they fed on human
blood."

	"Let her go you freak!"

	"Vampires?  Jesus."

	"No!" the angry knife-wielder shouted.  "Voracia is their true name, and
they feed on psychological energy.  Life force, if you want to call it that. 
They are not truly alive, and so they need that energy to survive.  Your energy,
the energy of the living.  As long as they do they will not die.  Why do you
think she picked you?"  He looked around at the group.  "You're not handsome, or
fit, or even properly clean, but untold pent-up energy is contained in your
semen.  Much more than in your blood.  The longer you've been without a woman,
the more energy your come holds.  She can smell it a mile away."

	"Okay, okay," one of the muscular cameramen said soothingly, edging
closer to the man.  "Let's talk about this, but you need to put the knife down
before someone gets hurt."

	"Back off!  Aren't you listening?  She can't die!  Why do you think she
doesn't make any of the guys that fuck her take AIDS tests?  The only way to
kill her is to cut off her head, and that's what I'm going to do.  I have to
save you, even if you don't think you need saving.  But you needed to know why,
first.  The world is full of dangers you know nothing about.  Demons walk in our
midst, masquerading as humans, corrupting us.  She lives in their world of
shadows, she can tell you they are real.  She is one of Satan's whores, and must
die for her sins."

	Suddenly a dark form loomed up behind the man, and a camera tripod
whistled through the air and hit the side of his head with a crunch.  He dropped
like a stone, the knife clattering to the floor, and Irina's rescuer stepped
into the light holding the forty-pound tripod like it was made of straw.

	"Vlad!" one of the fans said.

	"I come nick of time, yes?" he said with a big grin, looking down at the
man, then up at the assembled crowd.  He had on his trademark black leather
jacket and jeans and sported dark stubble.

	"Motherfucker!" one of the cameramen spat, and kicked the still body. 
Vlad put out a restraining hand.

	"No," he said in his thick accent.  "Don't hurt crazy man any more.  I
take care of him."  He put the tripod down and traded a look with Irina.

	"Is that motherfucker dead?" Bernie asked, striding across the club.  Al
had left the club about an hour before.

	"No," Vlad said.  "Is hurt. Have very bad headache in morning."  He
laughed.

	Bernie was glad.  If the guy was dead they'd have to call the cops.  If
not . . . .

	"We still going to do the video?" someone asked in back.

	Irina stood and looked down at her unconscious attacker.  "If we let him
stop us having our fun, then he has won," she said.

	"Is Vlad going to be in the video?"

	Vlad looked at the crowd, at least half of whom didn't seem happy at
that prospect.  "No," he said.  "Today is for fans.  I just came by to say hi. 
Good for me, good for you.  I take this man."  With one hand, Vlad, who was
muscular but not big by any means, picked up the limp attacker.

	"We going to have a problem?" Bernie asked Vlad as the famous porn star
carried the man to the door.

	"No, no problem," Vlad assured him in his thick accent.  "I take care of
it."  He smiled, not too reassuringly, and pushed through the door.

	Irina looked around and caught the eye of her head cameraman and he
nodded.  As the cameras were wrestled into position and blood was wiped off the
one tripod, Irina looked at the expectant faces.

	"Too many clothes," she said with a smile.  "I see too many clothes." 
She licked her lips and added "Hurry, I am hungry for your souls."  The laughter
echoed around the club as the men scrambled to get naked.

	Vlad returned half an hour later.  Irina and her three dozen fans were
still going at it onstage, the cameras whirring.  Vlad stood and watched for a
few minutes, and the stripper with the fake tits walked over.  She eyed the new
girl with Vlad for a second, but then had to look back at the thick man.  She
couldn't take her eyes off him, she wasn't sure why.  Her nipples were so hard
they ached.

	"I just love your movies," she gushed.

	Vlad smiled and looked her up and down.  "You come," he told her, then
led the girl he had with him toward the back.  The stripper, somewhat confused,
followed.

	"Who the fuck is this?" Bernie asked.

	"Is Amy," Vlad said.  "Met her at gas station.  You have back room?"

	The girl hardly looked old enough but Bernie knew he owed Vlad one. 
"Yeah, back there."

	Amy was a fresh-faced brunette who looked like she was still in
high-school.  Underneath her casual clothes she had good-sized tits, nipples
visibly hard through her T-shirt, and a nice ass.  She kept blinking and looking
around, but she didn't seem fully aware of what was going on.  She kept touching
Vlad, staring at him, licking her lips.

	Vlad led the two women into the small room and locked the door.  The
stripper, who went by the name Ginger but had been born Sylvia Gibson, found
herself tugging down her g-string without conscious thought.  She stepped out of
the thin loop of fabric, teetering in her high heels, and turned around to see
the other girl had already ripped off all her clothes and was tearing at Vlad's
belt.

	Vlad laughed and disengaged the young girl before taking his clothes
off.  Amy couldn't keep her hands or mouth off of his hardening cock, while the
stripper just stood and stared.

	"Oh God, oh God, oh God," Amy kept saying.  Underneath her sparse bush
Vlad's fingers found her to be dripping wet.  She was tight - he could barely
get two fingers into her - but he'd expected no less from a virgin.  Virgins
always reacted strongly to him.  She'd walked into the gas station, seen him,
and been at the mercy of her hormones ever since.

	Amy grunted and groaned as Vlad pushed his massive cock against her wet
folds.  She was in tears -- not from pain, but rather sorrow, because she needed
to fuck him so bad she couldn't stand it and she just knew he'd never fit his
huge cock into her virgin hole.  Vlad pushed, and pressed, and suddenly she
sucked in a hissing breath as Vlad's giant cock slid into her.  Her pussy just
opened up for him, as Vlad knew it would - they always did.  She didn't
understand it -- even though he felt as big as a tree trunk it didn't hurt.  She
lay on her back on the floor, knees pulled back as far as they would go, juice
from her pussy running down the crack of her ass, and lost the power of rational
thought as her depths accepted him.  She moaned and howled like a wild animal as
Vlad sunk his entire length into her.  Vlad pounded the rubbery-limbed teenager
through three screaming orgasms, never slowing, never stopping, until her entire
body was slick with sweat and her eyes were wild.

	Abruptly Vlad pulled young Amy off his cock and pushed her away.  The
stripper, who'd been standing nearby watching the entire time, knelt down in
front of him.  The insides of her thighs down to her knees were wet with her
arousal.  Vlad turned her around, spit on her asshole, and then pushed the
fist-sized head of his cock against her puckered ring of flesh.

	The stripper gave a long guttural groaning growl as she felt her flesh,
seemingly of its own volition, open up to his giant shaft.  "Oh my GOD!" she
gasped, as the incredible size of him became apparent, but it didn't hurt at
all.   Vlad pounded her ferociously while Amy knelt expectantly just a few feet
away, playing with herself.  There was a vacant look on her face, and if she'd
been asked she wouldn't have been able to say where she was.  The sound of his
massive balls slapping the stripper's wet pussylips echoed about the room.

	The stripper orgasmed, her whole body shaking, the first time in her
life she'd ever come without having to touch her clit.  Vlad pulled out of her
roughly, and the two girls jumped into motion.  They knew what to do without
knowing why they knew, laying down on the floor ear to ear.

	"Gah!" Vlad grunted.  It had been nearly a week since he'd come, and
that was while he was filming a video.  He always had to hold back in his videos
to avoid unwanted questions, but he didn't now.  Huge gouts of come shot from
the finger-sized hole in the end of his cock, urged forth by his stroking hand. 
He spurted on one girl's face, then the other's, then back.  The come sprayed
from his cock in massive amounts, more than any doctor would have said was
possible even with his oversized balls, spurt after spurt after spurt for thirty
seconds or more, until their heads rested in a puddle of come and neither girl
had a square inch of skin above the neck left bare.

	An English noblewoman had once, many years before, measured how much
Vlad had sprayed onto her serving tray after abstaining for a week and it had
been over nine fluid ounces.  At least that much splattered the girls under him
and he sat back on his haunches and watched as they first licked their lips then
used their fingers to begin clearing the come from their eyes and noses.  They
slurped and sucked at their fingers loudly, they licked each others face clean,
then the floor, all the while masturbating and begging him to fuck them again. 
The noblewoman had done the same thing.  Vlad laughed and got dressed.  When he
opened the door the two women were still sitting on the floor, naked and
stunned, not sure what had just happened or why they'd done what they did.

	

	Irina found Vlad in the parking lot, leaning against his rented
Cadillac.  "I give you ride to hotel?" he asked.

	Irina turned back to her cameramen/bodyguards and waved.  She climbed
into the black leather passenger seat and did nothing until Vlad pulled the big
car out of the parking lot.  Then she luxuriously rubbed her belly, full of
forty-two ejaculations worth of come.

	"Some of those men had never been with a woman," she said in Romanian. 
"I won't have to eat for a month."  She reached down and hiked up her skirt so
her bare ass was on the leather seat.  If any come leaked out of her holes she
wanted to be able to lick it up when they stopped.  "Who is the little girl?"

	"A virgin," Vlad responded in Romanian.  "Right now she's very confused. 
She didn't know she was such a slut."  He laughed loudly.  Eating that much of
his come just once would turn a prude into a slut and a slut into a life support
system for three insatiable holes barely capable of rational thought.  A steady
diet of it?  He glanced at Irina, who looked over her shoulder.

	Fans of Vlad's movies would have recognized the woman curled up on the
backseat as Mandy Melons, a naturally huge-breasted brunette that had recently
appeared in half a dozen scenes with him and couldn't seem to get enough of his
cock or his come.  Currently she was sleeping off a long night.

	Mandy's real name was Lornah Stevens, and had met Vlad while he was
scouting locations for his next movie.  Ten minutes later she was screaming
"Pound my ass with that beautiful cock!"  Vlad had obliged the young nun, even
though the two hundred-year-old church's confessional was a bit cramped.  He'd
barely gotten her out of there before the cops had screeched up.  She abandoned
the vows she'd taken just six months before and threw herself at Vlad.  Her
former piety made her flesh all the more delicious to him.  He'd tire of her
eventually, he always did, but right now he still found her amusing.  On the
seat, next to her, sat a very dazed looking Amy.  She'd barely been able to
dress herself, and Vlad had just tossed most of her things in after her.

	Vlad drove out of Vegas into the desert, letting his senses guide him as
the sun set.  He took a rutted two track off the blacktop which wound its way
around low hills until no lights but the stars above were visible.

	The Caddy's headlights illuminated a small gully barren but for a few
large boulders and some twisted sage bushes but both Vlad and Irina knew they
had arrived.  He shut the headlights off and immediately the gully was plunged
into darkness, but he could see as well as a cat in the dark and Irina's
eyesight was even better than his.  They got out of the car and he popped the
trunk.

	Irina walked around to the back of the car and looked down at the man
who had taken a knife to her throat.  His wrists and ankles were bound with duct
tape, and a strip was across his mouth as well.  His eyes were open, staring
accusingly at her.  She just smiled at him as Vlad lifted him out of the trunk
with one hand and stood him on the dusty ground.

	Vlad roughly ripped the tape from the man's wrists and ankles, then
yanked the strip from his face.  His eyes teared up but the man refused to cry
out.

	He looked around, although he couldn't see much in the dark.  "This is
an evil place, I can feel it.  I suppose you'll kill me here and leave my body
to rot in the desert, Whore of Satan?" he said accusingly.  He glanced at Vlad. 
"I suspected something from your movies, but in person I have no doubt about
your origins, Demon.  How many innocents have you corrupted with your vile
tool?"

	"Not nearly enough.  You should have minded your own business," Vlad
told him in Romanian.

	The man nodded.  "Maybe I should have," he replied in English, his
suspicions confirmed.  He stared defiantly at Irina.  "Get on with it if I am to
die," he said bravely.

	Irina just smiled at him knowingly.  "You are right," she told him.  "We
do not die.   But some of us are unlucky and need help occasionally."  She
looked him up and down.  "While we prefer that of the young and innocent, if I
got hungry enough, even your seed would taste good to me.  While it lasted," she
said pointedly.  She looked past him.  "He is yours," she said.

	The man spun around and saw four forms coming at him out of the
darkness, hands outstretched.  For a brief second they looked like women, very
old women, then he saw the truth.  Their nude bodies were shrunken and shriveled
like that of corpses left out in the sun, dry and wrinkled and smelling of dust,
mouths gaping sticky holes with tongues like bootleather.  Their hair was long
and stringy, their eyes sunk deep into the sockets boring in on him.

	"NO!" he had time to scream, before their claw-like hands seized him. 
He was thrown to the ground like a rag doll, his clothes ripped from his body
like paper.  Two of them held him down while a third wrapped her dry mouth
around his withered penis.  The fourth held a freshly-killed rabbit in her hand
and she ripped off pieces of meat from its carcass and pushed them into his
mouth even while the man struggled to get away.  The more they fed him the
longer this one would stay alive.  "NO, GOD, NOOOOOO!" he screamed again,
struggling futilely.  They were too strong.

	The one feeding him the rabbit saw that her sister still hadn't coaxed
any blood into his erection and tsked.  "It's all right," she told him.  It came
out in a hissing croak.  "Just relax."  They'd been trapped underground for nine
months without food and water when the cave they'd been exploring had collapsed. 
It had taken them that long to dig their way through the stone with their bare
hands and while they could not die, the lack of sustenance had worn them away to
mere skeletons.  Once free of the dark earth they'd barely had the energy to
call for help with their minds.

	This one was nice and young.  They'd be able to get twenty or more
orgasms out of him a day if they worked day and night and used their combined
twenty-nine centuries of knowledge of male sexual response to wring every last
drop of seed from him.  In six months he'd be finished, especially if they
didn't let him sleep, and they'd eat his balls and drink his blood so as to
consume the very last of what he had to offer.  Then they'd be physically
recovered enough to venture out into the human world again without causing a
panic.

	And their victim, stripped of his manhood and life?  He would be reborn,
unrecognizable, as that which he most despised, a voracia.

	Vlad laughed, an ugly sound.  Beyond the pile of writhing bodies he saw
shadows coalescing further up the gully.  He opened the rear door of the car and
pulled Amy out by the elbow.  She stared with wide eyes at the pile of cackling
women across the gully.  She'd seen their faces up close, their horrible,
emaciated, leathery bodies.

	"Take off clothes now," Vlad told her.  Reflexively she did as he
instructed, pulling her shirt - which she'd had on backwards - over her head and
letting it drop to the ground.  When she was nude he gave her a gentle nudge and
she started forward.

	She walked into the darkness, past the grunting leather women, downhill
slightly.  Her bare feet kicked up small clouds of dust as the sides of the
gully drew closer together.  The small, shadowy forms in front of her waited
silently, hanging back.  Amy took one step, then another, and suddenly saw what
awaited her.  Her breath caught in her throat, but she'd lost the power of
rational thought hours before when she'd met Vlad.  She was under his - and
their - spell now, and her arms rose up in welcome.  The cherubim swooped
forward as one and enveloped the nude girl, and she rose into the air.

	Their tiny wings shouldn't have been able to support their chubby
bodies, much less hers, but there were forces at work in the gully modern
science could never explain.  The small creatures resembled winged human infants
but were anything but young and innocent, and hadn't been human for centuries. 
Classical artists had portrayed them as angelic in paintings, but just as Satan
was an angel fallen from grace not all cherubim served the same master.

	As the young teen floated in midair six feet above the ground the
creatures pressed in all around her.  A hard penis smaller than her pinkie
finger pressed urgently against her cheek, and she turned her mouth toward it. 
A dozen more organs thrust insistently against her soft skin, rubbing against
her thighs, her belly, her arms.  Tiny, chubby fingers explored between her
legs, and she spread her thighs for them.

	The small frantically thrusting penis slipped from her mouth, and it -
or another - slid up her left nostril and continued thrusting.  Almost half the
cherubim had taken female form and she felt their fiercely strong hands
straightening her fingers so they could sink their small bodies onto them.  They
were tight and oven hot, and squirmed like minks.  She felt others grinding
against her toes.

	Small, wet, toothless mouths found her hard nipples and sucked with raw
ferocity.  A tiny penis forced its way into her left ear, then a second later
another did the same to her right.  She couldn't see anything in the dark
canyon, with one of the tiny angelic demons atop her face, and now she couldn't
hear. 

	The tiny fingers exploring her dripping folds became a pudgy arm,
thrusting and churning inside her pussy.  A second forced its way into her ass,
as tiny fingers began massaging her throbbing clit.  Her mouth opened wide as
her body arched in space.  As she screamed in ecstasy the cherub fucking her
nose came.  His come was like liquid fire, licorice and pepper burning its way
down her throat and into her belly.  She gasped and smoke came out of her mouth. 
The two cherubs fucking her ears pulled out and came in her eyes, holding her
eyelids open with their thumbs.

	She screamed as the thick spurts burned her orbs, then immediately fell
silent.  The cherubs let go of her eyelids and she blinked away the come.  She
could see them now, see them for what they truly were, see that she was damned,
damned and doomed to spend the rest of her life servicing them.  Tears mixed
with the come clogging her eyes as another cherub straddled her head.  His
chubby legs pressed against her cheeks as she opened her mouth.  His scrotum was
the size of a large grape in her mouth and she sucked it and his miniature cock
with wild abandon and tongued the crack of his ass.  The churning arms were
shoulder deep in her and she came a second time, oblivious to the fact that they
were moving her, taking her into their world.  As her surrounded form sank into
the black crack in the earth from whence the cherubim had come the young girl,
who just six hours before had been a virgin, was busy tonguing the slit of the
female-formed cherub sitting on her face.  She could see the creature's eyes
looking down at her hungrily, knowing she was only damning herself further, but
unable to stop.  Then the earth closed around them.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AlwaysCocked


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





