BDSM Library - Gosh!




Gosh!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Completely unrealistic, stupid, and naive girl is used and abused. And yes, it's just a bit of fun. Fiction right.
Gosh!


Cindy's mind wandered as it always did.

"I mean like, why do there have to be so many flies on the beach?  I hate them. 
They're so gross.  They keep landing on me and I can't help but swat them away. 
Ouch!  Gosh, how come I keep hitting myself in the head?

"Still, its like, really sunny and everything.  And you can get a really great
tan on the sand.  Hey that rhymes!  Cool.  I love poetry, I think.  And the
looks I get at the beach are fun too.  Makes my cunt wet.  Hehehe.  I just
learnt that's what boys call it.  Cunt! hehe.  It feels like, so NAUGHTY to say
it.  "Cunt!"  Oh!  Did I say that out loud?  Now my cunt IS getting wet! 
Hehehe!

"Its sooo nice to come here too cause hardly anybody knows me so I can't get in
so much trouble.  Gosh my friends!  They make me laugh.  And um... cry.  And
blush really hard sometimes.  And um, like, sometimes they get me real horny. 
And do rude things to me.  And make me do stuff and oh I really hate that.  I
wonder if anybody would notice if I  just rolled over and slipped my hand down
the front of my string bikini?

"I don't know why people always seem to pick on me.  I mean gee, I'm a pretty
girl and everything.  I have nice blue eyes, wavy shoulder length blonde hair. 
And all the boys seem to love my big boobies.  Even some of the girls!  hehe. 
But um anyway, its really nice when they like them and they just sometimes like
want to touch them and everything.  And um sometimes I let them cause it feels
really nice and I've got real sensitive nipples.  They stick right out from the
orioles or whatever, and um they, like the orioles or whatever they stick out
too!  So my nipples get really big!  Well not big like dinner plates!  Like
about half dollar size.  They just point right out like head lice or whatever. 
I cant remember that one.  What is it again?  Um... headlights or something?  I
need some more gum, I can hardly taste this one...

"I wish my Dad would move again.  We seem to move pretty regular like.  Not far
usually.  Sometimes just like a few towns over.  Its funny how Daddy always
seems to get transferred right after something bad happens to me.  Oh well.
Hehehe!  Probably just as well anyway.  I mean after some of the things that
have happened to me lately, I could hardly show my face around school or
anything!  God I mean if they ever found out, I would be like, soooo
embarrassed.  Then Daddy probably wouldn't pay for my clit piercing.  I mean
like, want a bummer would that be!  That would be worse than being grounded for
like, a week!!!"


_______________________________________________________



"Hello Mr. Mortimer, glad you could stop by."

"Pleased to meet you Principal Skinner, always a pleasure to meet a colleague." 
The two men shook hands.

"I suppose you know why I asked you to drop in Horace, um... I CAN call you
Horace can't I?" hesitated the Headmaster.

"Sure Oliver, and ah... I've got SOME idea what you want to know," winked Horace
Mortimer.

"Yes, ah, well, as you know, Cindy, your daughter, has quite a reputation
amongst the Principals of the state..."

"And not only the Principals!" laughed Horace. "She's getting quite a reputation
on the net too the little slut... and I'm making a fortune on my web site!" That
caused both men to roar with laughter!

When the mirth died away Skinner leaned into Mortimer and asked, "Same as
usual?"

"Yeah just video the lot. And cameras too. Lots of money in some of the still
shots of the ah 'type' we are talking about." Mortimer flashed a devious grin.

"No problem, we have all the members of the Photographic Club on board, even the
girls. And all kinds of fun 'activities' planned... So is it true?" asked the
breathless Principal, "you know, that you can talk her into anything?"

"Oh yeah, anything!  She's more stupid than a two bob watch.  Just tweak her
nipples and she'll do anything.  And once that little cunt of hers starts
leaking, there's no stopping her!  She's such a little slut!!!" They both
laughed hard.

A moment later the Principal stood, held out his had, and said, "Well I wont
keep you any longer Inspector Mortimer."

"Always a pleasure Principal Skinner." Horace got up, shook hands with the older
man, and made for the door.

"Oh, and School Inspector Mortimer?"

"Yes Mr Skinner?"

"Thank you for choosing my school Sir."

"Just making our way around the State, Oliver." Horace winked. He left with the
Principal smiling, shaking his head, and rubbing his hands together with glee!



_______________________________________________________



"Gosh, I think I'm getting sunburnt.  Oh bummer.  Now its late and I don't have
time to get tanned on my back too!  Was I just asleep?  Oh dear how long did I
sleep for?  Boy I think I really am burnt.  Awww, some nice person put some
paper on me.  Well, pieces of paper.  I wonder who it was.  I wish I could thank
them.  I wonder what all those holes in the paper are for.  They look like
letters.  I wish I could read.  Oh well."

Cindy sat up on her towel and watched the pieces of paper flutter away.  She
could hear snickering and looked around.  A couple of young boys she thought she
recognised from school were giggling to each other and one of them pointed at
her.  Cindy tossed her hair over her shoulders and thought, "they probably just
think I'm cute," and she smiled to herself.  The boys laughed even louder which
drew the stares of other beachgoers.  Mothers scolded fathers for staring at
Cindy's chest and Cindy looked down.

Oh my goddddd!  Cindy was mortified!  Her arm shot up and across her chest as
she realised large holes had been cut in her bikini top and her nipples were
pushing out loud and proud!!!  Owwww!!!  And they're sunburnt!!!

She shuddered and blushed hard as she wondered how long she had been lying there
with her nipples on display.  "I'd better get out of here!" she thought to
herself.  She gathered all her things and quickly dumped them into her beach
bag.

"Where are you off to in such a hurry?" came a booming voice.

Cindy looked up and was almost blinded by the afternoon Californian sun behind
the head of a lifeguard.  Oooooh he was cute!  "Um well somebody... um, well its
late and I um, I have to get going!" She felt her nipples straining against the
back of her arm.  They felt weird: hot and hard and painful all at once.  She
briefly wondered if the crotch of her bikini was wet.

She stood awkwardly and slung her bag over her free shoulder and the lifeguard
gave her a yummy smile, which she returned bashfully, "Um, well I better get
going."

"Ok, see you Monday!"

"Huh?"

"Yeah I go to Malibu Beach High, your new school! I'll say hi when I see you
Monday!" He smiled.

Cindy wondered if her Daddy had told her she was changing schools again. She
couldn't remember, but all that came out was, "Ok!"

The lifeguard waved at her, "See ya Cindy."

She waved back and realised with a start she had flashed her engorged nipples at
him! She quickly covered up and blushed even more intensely as she turned to go.

"Oh and ah, nice 'burn tats' Cindy!" he shouted from behind her.

"Thanks!" she replied, wondering what the hell he was talking about.  She walked
quickly up the beach past someone pointing a video camera at her to the car
park.  She remembered what her last "boyfriend" had said to her... "Beauty loves
a camera," and she smiled.  So many people had cameras these days.  She quickly
tossed her stuff in the back of her battered old VW and fired it up, completely
forgetting about her exposed nipples.  She guided her car out of the car park
and hurtled along the freeway 15 minutes to her home.

"Hi Daddy! I'm home!"

Cindy dropped her things at the front door and skipped into the kitchen, her
DD's bouncing madly.

"Hello kitten, my my my I hope you weren't lying on the beach like that!" he
said, staring at her chest.

"Oh my god! I forgot!" she blushed, suddenly noticing her throbbing nipples, and
covering them with her arm.

"Why are they so red kitten?"

"Um they got sunburnt Daddy."

"Oh poor baby, let me take a look."

"Oh no Daddy its alright, it isn't right for Daddy's to look at their daughters
um, tits!"

"It's alright kitten, remember I am your Step-daddy!"

"Oh... ok then" Cindy said and she revealed her sunburnt tits.

Horace Mortimer reached out and grasped his daughter's thick and sunburnt
nipples between his fingers and thumbs.  "Does that hurt baby?"

"Ooohh um.. yes Daddy it umm hurts... you better not ... mmmm..."  Cindy's face
now matched the scarlet colour of her nipples.

"It's ok pet, we can put some special lotion on them later."

"Gosh... thanks Daddy, you're so good to me...  And there's some writing on me
too Daddy. What does it say?"

Horace lifted and dropped Cindy's breasts by the nipples and stood back to look
at her, admiring the jiggle.

"Well kitten, this one on your chest above your tits says 'pretty' " he
snickered as he pointed at the word 'bimbo'. "...and this one on your tummy says
'I'm cute'."  He shook his head reading the words 'cum slut'. "And these ones on
your thighs say 'look at me' and 'kiss me'.

"Ohhh Daddy! I cant go to school like that!"  Horace smiled but couldn't bring
himself to tell her they said 'spank me' and 'fuck me'.

"Its alright kitten, it will give you a head start in the popularity stakes! New
school Monday precious!"

"Malibu Beach High Daddy?"

"Thats right precious, I got you into one of the best schools on the coast!"

"Oh thank you Daddy!" She threw her arms around him, "I don't think I could go
back to my old school anyway after last night."

"Yes... well you were a bit of a mess with all that um, sticky stuff all over
you kitten."

"It was that bitch Amanda's fault.  She somehow conned me out of my clothes at
McDonald's and wouldn't give them back!  Honest Daddy!" She started to cry.

"It's alright kitten... new school Monday..."

Cindy moaned softly as she got an unexpected hug and her painfully hard and
burnt nipples pressed into her Daddy's chest.  She secretly hoped they would go
down soon.  They ached.


_______________________________________________________



Cindy felt a bit nervous walking up the steps of the new school.  But there were
lots of other kids around so she didn't feel too much like a freak.  She went
straight to the Office, signed some papers and enquired about her locker and
where to find it.  The registrar showed her into the Principals Office and the
Principal stood to shake her hand. "Welcome, welcome Cindy, we have heard so
much about you..."

Cindy blushed and said, "Thank you Principal Skinner, I hope it wasn't all
bad..." she giggled.

She hoped she could get this Principal as wrapped around her little finger as
all the others. Except Principal Beardsley. He was mean.  Him and his dogs.  I
hope he's not like "Beastly!" She shuddered.

"... and you will find your locker in Corridor B just down the hall from here.
Now finish your water and get to class," he winked at the teenager.  A liquid
diuretic in her drink should get her to the toilets in no time.

Cindy really hadn't noticed the kindly Principal offering her a refreshment but
she drank it avidly, then finished it and rose to leave.

"Thanks Principal Skinner, I hope I really enjoy it here.  Bye for now!"

"Bye Cindy!" he waved and snickered and shook his head. "Not so sure about
that..." he muttered.

As Cindy closed her locker and stowed her key she realised she had to go pee
real bad. She knew she was late already so a minute or two more wouldn't matter. 
It was her first day and all!  She looked quickly up and down the corridor
spying the girls toilets and made a bee-line to relieve herself.


_______________________________________________________



"I wonder if she's as stupid as your cousin says she is?"

"Shhh, she's coming!"

"Ok, ok, start your camera rolling... and shut up!"

"Hmmm, weird..." Cindy thought as she entered the bathroom.  "I never saw a
girls toilets with urinals in them. Oh well..." She pushed in a cubicle door,
and sat down to relieve herself.

Outside, a third accomplice was swapping back the "Girls" and "Boys" toilet
signs and slipped into the bathroom.  On cue he spoke out loud "Hey Jake, you in
here?"

"Yeah just layin a log..."

Cindy's gasp was audible and she quickly cleared her throat.

"Um, you guys, I think you are in the wrong bathroom..."

"Nope sorry - you are sweet cheeks - you must be new here!"

"Oh my god, like, you're kidding... um yeah I'm new ...um I'm Cindy, Cindy
Mortimer."  Just then she heard a loud long continuous splash of water in one of
the urinals and blushed as she realised someone was pissing.  "Do you like, mind
waiting till I get out of here?  I have to get to stupid class."

"Jeez I didn't know they had a class for that!"  The boys cracked up.

She was blushing but also pretty sure she heard him finish.  She tentatively
pushed open the door and stepped out into the middle of the bathroom.  She fell
straight onto her knees with her feet caught up in her panties!  Damn she had
forgot again!  She squeaked and one of the guys still at the urinal turned
quickly when he heard the commotion and a long arc of his hot piss went straight
across Cindy's face.

"What the...! You total bastard!!!"  Cindy cried as she staggered to her feet
pulling up her knickers showing her shaved cunt and asshole to all three boys. 
Their jaws dropped as they watched the stupid bimbo teenager quickly wash her
face and dab wet tissue at the yellow spots where piss had splattered her white
blouse.  Finally satisfied although nonplussed at the newly transparent part of
her blouse that now showed her heavy bra, she sneered at the boys and ran out.

They fell about laughing.

"This is gonna be so much fun!" aahahahhhahhaahaaa
"I know," ahahahahhaaaaa
"I cant believe it!" ahahhahhahhaaaa


_______________________________________________________



After school that day in a house two doors from Cindy's, a brother and sister
were talking in his bedroom.

"So did she drink any of it?" asked the sister.

"Naaa, I don't think so..." the brother replied.

"Oh well, maybe next time we'll make her!"

Andrea Baxter giggled and punched her brother in the shoulder. Andrea was a
cheerleader and a bully. She loved being head cheerleader, and telling anybody
she felt like, exactly where to go. And now she had a new toy!

"You know Jake, Amanda said she will do anything, not willingly, but anything
you make her do. She just can't say 'no' when her big nips are being played
with..."

"Yeah I remember her saying that last Christmas, fancy Cindy Mortimer turning up
at our school!"

Andrea licked her lips absent-mindedly. "Yeah fancy that," she grinned. She
couldn't thank her cousin Amanda enough.  This semester was gonna be fun!

Andrea reached out and stroked her brothers cock gently through his jeans.

"Aw Andrea, don't do that..."

"Just wanted to give you a little reminder of our deal big brother," she winked.

"Yeah yeah I know, the best blowjob in the world, three times a day for a whole
semester. Goddd how could I forget little sister."

"Yeah but only if you get her to do everything I say till the end of this
semester, right?" she gave him a parting squeeze.

"Yeah ok," he whined and rubbed his aching balls.


_______________________________________________________



"So kitten, how was you first day at school?"

"Great Dad," she reddened. "The teachers all seem pretty nice, and Principal
Skinner is so cool." She left out the toilet scene.

"C'mon! Come into the kitchen I've made you a snack pet."

Cindy followed her Step-Daddy into the kitchen and sat on a barstool, her smooth
thighs dropping open and drawing Horace's gaze.  He felt his cock stiffen at the
sight.

"Here you go kitten, some chocolate hash cookies, and some special milk."

"Aw thanks Daddy, I've never had chocolate hash cookies before, whats in them?"
she took a bite and drank at the milk. "Mmmmm creamy Daddy."

"Yes... it's that new special vanilla flavour you like so much."

"Mmmm I especially like the lumpy bits..." she didn't want to say she thought it
was just like cum! She giggled instead.

"Well I'll be sure and get more when I get the groceries next." He sniggered to
himself.

"Mmmmm I'm so tired I think I need to go lie down."

"How about a video kitten? Wanna lie on the couch?"

"Hehehe. Ok!  ...um Daddy?"

"Yes princess?"

"Um well I was just wondering.... I was like cleaning in your room and
everything and um..."

"Yes, Cindy what is it?" She'd finally gotten up the nerve the little slut...
here it comes....

"Well... um... can I watch one of your naughty tapes? Naughty tapes like... oh I
cant say!"

"What are you talking about?"

"Oh Daddy you know, like 'Cum-Sucking Nurses', 'Co-ed Cocksuckers' or ummmmm...
'The Gangbang Girl' " she blushed furiously and felt her little clit throb.

"You horny little girl - you know about those tapes?"

"Well they are just out Daddy, under your bed but easy to see..."

"hmmm well ok, just one ...I'll pick it out."

"Oh thanks Daddy!" she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him hard - he
thought she smelt like she had burped hash! He grabbed her by the upper arm and
pushed her up the stairs in front of him.

"On one condition, put your new cheer-leading gear on but no panties - straight
to practice right after ok?"

"I'm in the squad again?"

"Sure are cute thing."

"Oh thank you Daddy!" she giggled and stumbled up the stairs.

Horace Mortimer went past his step-daughter as she entered her room, and
continued walking down to his own bedroom. He looked under his bed and picked
out the tape he wanted. He got up and walked back down to Cindy's room and
rapped on the door.

"C'mon sweetheart, don't take all day!"

"I'm c..cumming...."

"Oh no you're not!" said Horace as he burst through the door, strode to the side
or the bed, and pulled at Cindy's wrist, whipping her fingers from her foamy,
spasming cunt. "You naughty girl, thats a spanking you've earned there slut!"
Cindy pouted, shuddered and wondered why everyone called her a slut when she
really was a good girl.

"Now get your ass downstairs and I'll start that tape while I spank your butt!"

"Yes Daddy," Cindy pouted.  Then she thought, "at least I still get to see the
tape!"

It seemed like it was only moments later she found herself spread across her
Daddy's lap.  One of his hands swatting her ass, the other holding up her chin
so she could see the screen.  Her breasts strained at the lycra of her
cheerleaders top and her nipples ached from sunburn and arousal.  At least he
wasn't hitting so hard this time, she thought.  It was more like it stung rather
than hurt.

But gosh, up on the screen came the name of the movie and Cindy couldn't tear
her eyes from it.  'Perverted Schoolgirl' was the name and she wondered for a
moment if she should try to stop pushing her ass back but her Daddy's fingers
pushing into her made her forget.

The cute little girl on the screen was being pulled into a van full of big black
guys, just as her Daddy started spanking her again. Cindy moaned as the movie
cut to moments later and the poor little girl had her clothes torn from her and
two big black cocks being shoved right up her cunt and ass!  Another black guy
grabbed her head and shoved his big cock right down her throat! Then Cindy felt
something pushing at her own ass and her Daddy's thumb slid right in!  He kept
on spanking her until Cindy started to shudder and thought she was going to cum. 
Just then her Daddy pushed her off his lap and she landed on her ass on the
floor with a thud.  Her head felt fuzzy and it took a few moments before she
realised she was moaning with her legs spread and her fingers rubbing her clit
fast!

"You dirty little WHORE!" her Daddy shouted loud enough for the neighbours to
hear. "Look at you with your WET LITTLE CUNT, watching FILTHY VIDEOS, and
rubbing your HARD LITTLE CLIT! You should be ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!"

Cindy felt tears of humiliation run down her cheeks but she couldn't take her
fingers off her clit, she just didn't care and she was so close....

Her Daddy pulled her hand away and pulled her to her feet. "Just for that you
little SLUT, you can go to cheer-leading practice JUST LIKE THAT!"

"No, nooo Daddy, please let me cum first and please don't make me go without
panties on!!! I already forgot my stupid bra!!!"

"Well you should have thought of that earlier you fucking dirty little tramp!"

"Ohhhh... alright Daddy, I'm sorrrry, I won't touch myself for a week again if
you let me put my panties on???"

"Shut up you stupid girl and kneel down in front of me, I have to put that cream
on your nipples!"

Cindy stamped out to the car, pouting and with girl juice running down the
inside of her thighs.  She giggled and tried to shake her head free of the hash
haze engulfing her.  Her Daddy watched and admired the 'specially designed'
cheer-leading outfit Cindy was given to wear as she trudged out and down to the
car. It was little more than a boob tube on top with a big "MH" emblazoned
across the chest. It did nothing to hide Cindy's big rounded globes, and her
nipples pressed the material right out when they were hard.  And they were sure
hard now.  Too bad about the cum stains showing through," he thought.

Still, it was appropriate then that her midrift was bare, and revealed the white
lettering, "cum slut", on her burnt flat stomach. Her skirt barely reached the
bottom of her curvy ass and her socks only just peeked out of her runners. With
her long legs and her blonde hair in two pigtails, she was quite a sight!


_______________________________________________________



Cindy couldn't believe the crowd that had gathered for cheerleader practice. And
so many camcorders!  They must have had a big game coming up.  She blanched when
she saw the other cheer-girls in much more modest outfits, well, pretty skimpy
but nothing like hers.  She blushed fiercely and trotted up to the others, and a
tall dark haired girl called her over.

"Hi Cindy, I'm Andrea, I'm the captain.  I see you have the new outfit on, it
looks great!  Too bad ours haven't been delivered yet, lets hope they are before
the big game!"  Andrea smiled and looked Cindy up and down and Cindy blushed
even harder as she thought Andrea noticed the cum seeping through the lycra
stretched across her chest..  Andrea smirked and turned to the rest of the team
announcing, "This is Cindy, our new cheerleader!"

The girls all gathered around patting Cindy on the back and smiling. Cindy felt
so popular! "Love your hair!" "The outfit looks great Cindy!" "Did you do your
nails, they're phat!" "Gee I wish my tits were that big." "Hey, is that cum?
Cool!" "You have a really nice body Cindy the guys are gonna go nuts over you!"
"Hey girl, love the burn tats!" Cindy joined in with the giggling and falling
about.

Cindy felt like the smile on her face wouldn't budge. Her jaw ached from smiling
so much and all she could do was giggle.  She felt soooo good, kinda confident
and tingly and really relaxed.  Andrea called out "Stretches sluts!" And Cindy
giggled with all the other girls and promptly forgot she wasn't wearing any
panties! She was completely unaware of the views she was giving the crowd, and
also of the sniggers from the other cheer-girls as Andrea made them bend and
stretch in every which way.

"You sluts better get this right by Saturday!" Andrea said as she ran them
through their cheers and Cindy picked them up ok. After all she'd had to learn a
few over the years, and the routines weren't too hard. She thought it was great
when she was thrown up in the air and spread her legs at the crowd and touched
her toes.  The crowd went completely wild, whooping and hollering!  She couldn't
wait for the first game!  She was covered in sweat and feeling giddy as the
cheer-leading team headed for the showers.

Cindy had stripped naked and the others were gawking at her incredible body when
Andrea stopped her from stepping under the shower.  She had a whole pile of
towels in her arms.

"Initiation time Cindy!"

"Huh?"

"Yeah, take these towels into the boys locker rooms and stand there while each
one comes and gets one."

"Naked???"

"As the day you were born slut."

Cindy shivered at the thought, not the words, as Andrea had used 'slut' before. 
She figured instead that Andrea was using the term affectionately!

"Oh gosh! ...ok!" Cindy giggled and blushed as the towels were plonked into her
open arms.

"And no complaining no matter what happens, ok?"

"Um ok..." Cindy said, a little confused, and wondering why she would complain
about a bunch of guys picking up towels from a pile in her arms.  She grinned
stupidly at the rest of the girls and trotted off hearing the laughter die down
as she left the girls change rooms behind her.

She was barely out the door when she almost skipped headlong into Coach Wise.

"Gosh! Sorry Coach Wise!"

"Taking your initiation like a good girl I see Cindy?" He looked her up and
down, admiring the young girls charms.

"Oh yes, Sir.  I like cheer-leading and I want to stay on the team.  The girls
are all so nice to me."

"Well Cindy I'm sure you will be well accepted here," he said continuing to ogle
the young girls clean shaven cunt with her clit poking out. He licked his lips
remembering what the Principal had said to him: "Treat her like a slut,
humiliate her, spank her, make her suck your cock if you want, just remember its
all going on film and we each get a copy." He wasn't too sure whether anyone
else had had a go with the stupid bimbo but he didn't want to be first for some
reason. But he did want to see a little more.

"Cindy I also have something to take to the boys change-rooms... if you come to
my office you can save me a trip!"

"Sure Coach, anything for 'our boys', right Sir?"  Coach couldn't bring himself
to tell Cindy that the boys would most likely be thinking the same thing.
Instead he led the teen back to his office. He also wasn't about to tell her
that initiations were against school policy.  In fact he hoped they went on and
on and on!

"Big game on Saturday Cindy," said the coach as he ushered her into his office.
"Have to make sure you give everything for the team right?"

"Oh a..absolutely S..Sir!" she said breathlessly as she suddenly realised she
was alone with the hunky coach and was thinking about giving HIM everything. 
She blushed and felt her pussy come alive and moisten.  She felt like she did
that time she was given a funny cigarette!

"How about you put down those towels and give me a demonstration."

"Oh.. um...gosh... ok Coach!" Cindy felt her pussy clench as she dropped the
pile of towels on his desk revealing her puffy, red nipples to him.

She giggled and pirouetted for him. She felt silly and horny and good all at
once and wanted to laugh out loud at the situation.  Instead she did the cheer
she learnt that night, ending with her in the splits, sideways on the floor. 
Coach Wise felt his cock throbbing in His pants as he sat on the edge of his
desk.  He wanted to take it out and shove it in this stupid slut's mouth. He
decided he'd whack off when she left.

"Very nice Cindy."

"Thank you Coach! Can I go now?"

"Sure Cindy." The little tramp can wait he thought. Besides I want to see the
tape of her in the boys change-rooms. "Go on slut, you better get your
initiation started," he chuckled.

Cindy grinned stupidly, thinking "slut" must be used frequently at this school
to praise the cheer-girls, "Ok, Coach... um ...see you Saturday!"  The naive
girl didn't even notice that Coach Wise never gave her anything to add to the
towels for the team. She just picked up the towels in her arms, and skipped out.

"What a great piece of ass..." said the coach as he unzipped his fly.


_______________________________________________________



Cindy peered around the door of the change-rooms and was quickly pulled inside
by one of her pigtails.

"Look what I found hangin outside the door guys!" It was Leroy, the tight end.

"Hey its the new girl, 'Cindyslut'!" someone shouted and they all laughed. Cindy
laughed with them and brazenly walked into the centre of the room admiring the
strong bodies closing in on her.  Boys wet and naked from the shower took towels
from the top of the pile.  Steadily the upper part of her chest with the word
"bimbo" in white lettering was revealed.  Cindy blushed when she suddenly
realised she was quite vulnerable to the team as more towels were taken and boys
'accidentally' brushed their fingers and hands against her throbbing nipples. 
Her breasts were revealed to them as well as her magnificent nipples, that were
by now straining for attention.

"Nice nips, slut." "Mmmmm, you a pretty girl, ho." "Damn thats a fine set a
china you got there girl." One by one the towels disappeared until finally Cindy
stood there in the middle of the locker room, naked and embarrassed. One hand
had drifted down to cover her pussy. Her eyes tried more and more desperately to
avert the hard cocks that seemed to be all around her as the boys toweled off
with lecherous grins.  She felt dizzy and knew she shouldn't be there, but her
legs seemed heavy and she couldn't move her feet.  Instead she slid a finger
into her mouth.  She tried to hide her peeking at all the cocks by tipping her
head down and glancing around through her eyelashes.  She rubbed her thighs
together and hoped no-one would notice.  She gasped a when she felt how wet she
was.

"What are you doing there slut?" Cindy spun around toward the door startled and
pulled her finger from her mouth.  It was Andrea!  And she was video taping the
whole thing!

"What's that running down the inside of your thigh slut?"

"Oh... ummm... Gosh!" Cindy was soooo embarrassed.

Cindy gasped saying "Noooooo!!!" as she felt a hand reach between her legs from
behind and fingers, two maybe three, slid straight into her cunt. A hand on her
back pushed her forward, bending her at the waist. Someone pushed forward on her
knees from behind and she collapsed to the floor of the locker room on hands and
knees, surrounded by hard and semi-hard cocks of all colours, shapes and sizes.

Cindy knew what was going to happen next.  It had happened before.  She blushed
as the fingers worked faster in her pussy and her thighs started to shake. She
saw cocks advancing on her being pushed into her hands and rubbed across her
lips. She started jacking the two in her hands and one shot cum across her face
and down her neck almost instantly.

"How did I get here?" she wondered as the first cock was pushed into her mouth. 
It was only a small one, maybe five inches but was thick and filled her pouty
mouth nicely.

"Suck it you fucking dirty piss drinking whore."  Cindy shuddered and looked up
into the eyes of Jake, one of the boys from the toilets yesterday.  "Oh no!" 
She thought, as she felt his hands lock in her hair and someone else's fingers
pushing into her ass.  She winced as cum shot straight into her mouth and she
swallowed gratefully, suddenly enjoying how sweet his cum was.  He wiped his
wilting cock across her forehead leaving a long streak of cum that slowly
dripped down into her eyes. Cindy smiled up at him.

"Stupid slut," he mumbled.

Cindy blinked through the stinging cum as another cock pushed into her mouth and
the fingers were thankfully withdrawn from her pussy and ass. She was glad
because she didn't want to cum while being humiliated.  That was always the
worst!  This next cock in her mouth was big though, and stretched her lips.  She
gagged as it hit the back of her throat.  Just then she saw the video camera
almost pushed into her face and heard Andrea saying something to her. 

She started to wonder whether Andrea was really her friend or enemy, then she
remembered this was part of her initiation.  It was amazing that almost all the
schools seemed to have the same initiation for new cheerleaders, so she wasn't
too worried.  Again the hands locked into Cindy's hair and she felt a cock start
to slide right up her ass and she sighed through her nose.

"We might let you pledge for the Slut Club Cindy!" Andrea winked. The player
with the big cock pulled out of her mouth and turned her head to the camera.

"Thanks!" grinned Cindy stupidly and the guy roared and shot cum straight in the
middle of Cindy's cute face, splattering cum everywhere. Her mouth opened in
shock as another thick stream bullseyed her right over her tongue to the back of
her mouth.

Just then the guy behind her shoved forward burying himself deep in her tight
ass and shot a gallon of cum right up high inside her. He pulled out and was
quickly replaced by another and another as guys who had been stroking their
cocks came quickly once they pushed into her. They jostled for position while
stroking their cocks hoping for an orifice. But most were content to simply cum
all over her, knowing they would get their chance with the slut later.

Unfortunately for Cindy, she started cumming too. Moaning and getting into being
buttfucked and covered in cum. She wondered why so few of her friends liked
buttfucking. She moaned again as another cock shot its load down her throat and
she swallowed reflexively. Then she wondered why she had so few friends. Her
hair was matted and dripping cum down the sides of her face. Maybe Andrea will
be my friend, she thought hopefully. Andrea kept wiping the cum from Cindy's
eyes and pushing her cum-coated fingers into her mouth, and telling her to keep
her eyes open.  Cindy smiled at Andrea as she felt cum dripping down her back
and the sides of her butt cheeks.  Another cock entered her sloppy ass. Someone
said "Keep fucking the sluts ass, she loves it." She moaned.

Andrea asked "Do you love it Cindyslut? Do you love being assfucked?" She shoved
the camera right in Cindy's face.

"Ooooohhh yesss, I love it, I doooo, I love being assfucked mmmmmm..." and she
shuddered and came again, hot boy cum shooting back out of her clenching ass and
dripping copiously down the insides of her thighs. Another cock exploded across
her face then another and another. Once again her cummy open mouth was pulled
onto another big cock only this one was black. Her mind wandered back to the
video she watched with her Daddy and she shuddered and came again!

She lost count but three or four more cocks fucked her ass and one more came in
her mouth after the big black centre busted his nut between her sucking lips.
Andrea was amazed the girl had such staying power. 5 or 6 more guys had cum all
over Cindy's body before Andrea grabbed Cindy's wrist and hauled her to her
feet.  Cindy was stupidly wiping cum from her body and flicking it on the floor
when Andrea stopped her and said "Don't waste it!"

Picking up two plastic cups, Andrea started scraping all the cum covering
Cindy's body into the cups. Up and down she went turning Cindy a little each
time. Finally she was done and she passed them to Cindy and said "Bottoms up,
slut!"

"Oh I couldn't - thats nasty!" Cindy replied.

"Drink it and you've pledged for the Club Cindy."

"Oh... really?  I really wanna be in it!"

"Well drink up then!"

"Ok!"

Andrea raised the camera as Cindy raised the first cup, giggling and glancing at
the camera.  The boys in the team were all shouting "Drink! Drink! Drink!" and
clapping in time!  Her pouty lips seemed to open in slow motion as she tipped
back her head and poured the cup full of warm thick cum straight into her open
mouth. Hoots and whistles filled her ears as the boys went crazy seeing what
this slut would do. 

Andrea yelled, "Don't swallow!" over the din and passed Cindy the other plastic
cup.  "Down the hatch slut!"

Cindy brought the other full plastic cup of cum to her open mouth showing how
full it already was before tossing her head back and downing the cup and
swallowing the overflowing mouthful.  Cindy licked her lips and drew her finger
around the inside of the cup before popping it into her mouth and smiling at the
camera.  She sucked her finger clean. 

"I love cum," she said as she stared into the camera glassy-eyed..

Andrea shook her head and shouted "Bye guys!" She dragged a waving Cindy out of
the locker room by her still slippery wrist.

"God you are such a fucking cum slut aren't you Cindy?" said Andrea. But before
Cindy could answer, the two girls ran into Coach Wise in the hallway.

"Ah, I see you survived the first part of your initiation Cindy," he smiled
broadly and leered at her cum-streaked body.

"Ummm ...the first part Sir?" gasped Cindy, wiping the cum dripping from her
chin with the back of her hand.

Cindy didn't notice Andrea winking at the coach, or popping the disc out of the
camera and handing it to him.  She was too busy trying to decide whether to lick
the cum from the back of her hand!

"I think you better go with Andrea, Cindyslut. I think she has plans for you.
And don't worry, I called your Dad and told him the other cheerleaders were
throwing you a party and that I personally would drive you home."

"You are Sir? Thats so nice of you! Gosh Andrea I love parties! I think I'm
gonna like it here!"

Andrea rolled her eyes at the coach, grinned and grabbed Cindy's arm. "C'mon
Cindyslut, lets get you prepared. It's nearly time for the party!"

"Ok... hey is there gonna be cake?"

Cindy was unceremoniously dragged back into the girls locker room by Andrea and
was greeted with cheers and laughter by the other girls. In a routine practiced
earlier they all patted Cindy on the back and welcomed her as a pledge to the
"Slut Club." Stupid Cindy was all smiles as the girls looked at each other and
burst out laughing.

"Oh Cindy you are soooo suited to the club girl!"

"Oh yeah, a real natural!"

"You might even make it to the top!"

"God I wish I was you Cindy!" They all burst into laughter at that! And so did
Cindy, even if it was just to join in.

"Hey I better get cleaned up for this party!" said Cindy, suddenly noticing she
was naked and cum-streaked amongst a bunch of relatively conservatively dressed
cheerleaders.

"There's no time!" said Andrea, passing Cindy her uniform.

"Oh no I cant wear that! Look at it, its all smelly and sweaty, and look at all
of you, you all look as fresh as daisies! Gosh! I have to at least have a
shower!" Cindy squealed in desperation.

"No way Cindyslut! There's no time... and there won't be any cake left unless we
get you ready RIGHT NOW!"

"Oohhhh! Alright, but I feel like SUCH a slut all covered in cum..."

"Oh Cindy, don't you know you ARE a slut by now?" The whole team fell about
laughing, while Cindy pouted... then giggled.

Later that evening, Cindy's step-dad shook his head in wonder. "This is great
stuff," he said, looking at the amazing images on the computer screen.

"I know." replied Coach Wise. "That Andrea sure knows how to handle a camera
huh," he added. "And the best thing is you can download it straight to the net!
Ain't technology amazing!"

"Man, this is gonna make me a lot of money, I mean 'us'!" Horace Mortimer said,
handing Coach Wise a wad of bills.

"Damn, and it's so much fun too.  Hey, you coming to the 'party'?"

"Naaaa, I think I'll just alarm the front door to wake me, and greet her when
she drags herself in."

Both men laughed heartily. "And be sure and activate the cameras!" quipped the
coach.

"Ha ha ha, oh coach, they're always on!"

This time it was the coach that shook his head in wonder as he stepped up into
his RV and fired up the engine.

Mortimer yelled out "I'll tell Skinner you did a good job coach!" as the coach
roared out of the driveway waving and heading to the 'party'.

Coach Wise sped all the way to Randy Hymen Fields, one of the team's training
grounds that was down in a gully under a bridge high above. With no residences
within earshot it was a perfect place for a 'party' of the kind planned to
welcome Cindyslut to Malibu High School.

He couldn't help but squeeze his cock through his jeans on the way there...
something countless others had done while also making their way down to the
fields.

Notices had been placed in adult bookshops the day before, and on the Internet
site only hours before, along with fliers around the school, as well as the
local college and fraternities. Young and old men were turning up in their
droves, roaring into the parking lot and passing signs saying "Quiet! Slut this
way!" with an arrow!

Poor Cindy, who had just been gangbanged senseless, was on a high and in a
constant blush. She found herself sitting between two 'friends' on a bench in
the girls change rooms. As the effect of the hash cookies slowly had worn off,
Andrea had slipped two ecstasy tablets into a liter of water Cindy was forced to
drink, well... 'encouraged' is the right word, but she had to drink it all.

"Drink!..drink!..drink!..drink!.." Everyone joined in.

"But it's only water," said a cum streaked Cindy.

"Yeah," said Andrea, the Head Cheerleader, "but you are going to drink a LOT
tonight..."  The other girls started giggling madly, "and you know its better to
be well hydrated before you drink."  The rest of the team fell about laughing
and Cindy joined in... though she was not really sure what was so funny...   She
smiled when the first beer was pushed into her hand and she raised the bottle.

"Cheers!" she yelled and everyone cracked up again. Once the noise had died
down, Andrea announced, "Ok, nearly ready... hold her down and cuff her, it's
time to get the nurse!"

Andrea's brother, Jake Baxter, the quarterback from the schools team, was busy
doing what he knew best.  That is, organising people.  He felt like a traffic
cop directing people to different parts of the field.  But sure enough most
complied, even if some were difficult.

"What do you mean I gotta sit over there?"

"Well, we have events of all kinds to welcome the new slut, I mean cheerleader,
and everyone will eventually get a turn at her, I mean a picture with her, I
promise you that..."

"Oh... ooook..."

The conversation was typical of many Jake had as the evening turned into night
and the lights of the Fields began to do their job... He and a few others from
the team were basically directing traffic... setting up games and trials and
hoops for Cindy to jump through. All with an audience of horny guys watching. 
Every time Jake looked around at the hundreds of guys now gathered, he smiled
and tried to control his own hardon.

Jesus, it's all been so easy, he thought to himself. I mean I know we got the
heads-up from my cousin at Cindy's last school, but who would have thought that
this girl would have been so easy to use and abuse... its like there is no-one
on her side... no-one...

Jake surveyed the Randy Hymen Fields with satisfaction... it looked like all was
in readiness... Andrea would be pleased... "I just might get that blowjob from
my sister after all," he thought.  He shook his head at all the cameras being
tested and pointed at the various places around the Fields where Cindyslut would
be 'performing'...

Cindy struggled a bit as the catheter was inserted into her urethra by the
sneering school nurse who kept looking up and smiling into the cam-corder held
by one of Cindy's cheer-leading 'friends'. The cuffs holding her arms behind her
back had started to pinch, but before Cindy could protest, a tube was pushed
into her mouth and taped.

"Ooooo, uckkyyy!" Cindy garbled as her own piss began seeping into her mouth.
She knew it was piss, she had tasted piss before!  She immediately realised she
would have to stop herself peeing or keep swallowing just so she didn't drown! 
She didn't want to further ruin her cum-stained cheer-leading outfit, even if it
was 2 sizes too small!

"Cindy..." said Andrea with a serious look on her face, "You DO want to join the
Slut Club don't you?"

"Oh yesh!" cried Cindy, the tube taped into the corner or her mouth distorting
her speech. "I wann oo bee oh'ular ike uh resh oh oo... at'ss all I e'er
wann'ed!"

"Cindy, I just KNOW you are gonna love the rest of your initiation girl, and who
knows... when you are done... you just might be the most popular girl in the
whole county!"

"Weally???" said Cindy, wide-eyed and with cum still dripping down her neck.

"Yeah for sure, but if we are gonna make this initiation party then we had
better get going..."

"Well ok en... but um, oo I et to glean up blease Anwea?" Cindy pleaded...

"Oh come on girl, its the Slut Club you are trying to get into, not the Country
Women's Club," and the whole team cracked up as Andrea quickly blindfolded
Cindy, dragged her to her feet spluttering, and led her by her cum streaked arm
out into the parking lot and into Andrea's convertible.  Cindy was thankful
Andrea uncuffed her wrists then recuffed them in front of her.  That way she
could wash down her piss with the beers being constantly pushed into her hands!

The multitude of men were getting restless and Jake and his pals found
themselves busy quietening and reassuring most of the 'patrons'.

"Sure, she'll be here soon, I can guarantee it, just remember... complete
silence when the signal is given..."

"Yeah yeah, I got it..."

Jake found himself shaking his head again as he looked across the fields...
"Jesus there must be 500 guys here," he thought... I wonder what Andrea would
do... then he snapped his fingers and his eyes lit up...

Quickly he passed the word around to his teammates and then out into the
crowd... to begin with only a few volunteered, but when he added "the
cheer-girls are helping," anxious guys started standing and walking to the
Donation Tent... in no time at all there were several lines of willing
volunteers waiting to help out!


_______________________________________________________



Cindy was sitting crushed between her teammates in Andrea's car on her way to
god knows where, with a beer bottle in each hand. All she knew was that her
shirt was bunched up above her breasts and her nipples were being tweaked and
the wind was in her hair!  She loved the wind in her hair, but her hard nipples
were such a distraction that she could hardly speak.. "Oh c..cumm on oo
..uys..." she complained and drained another beer...

"Wh.. where ah ee oing Anwea???" Cindy yelled above the screaming wind. 

"Oh you'll find out soon enough slut!" replied Andrea, laughing with her
teammates and directing the car straight to Randy Hymen Fields.

In her rear-view mirror Andrea could see one teammate pulling hard on one of
Cindy's nipples and she squirmed and rubbed her thighs together... "Damn she's
got a great body for a slut..." she thought. Then another car passed and she saw
once again how her teammates stood in the back and theatrically pointed at Cindy
to get the passersby's attention. Andrea also turned her head to the passenger
seat to make sure Trudy Dunbar, the Vice-Captain of the team, was getting great
shots of the long blonde-haired buxom slut's predicament with her digital
cam-corder...

"I'm gonna make a fucking fortune tonight..." thought Andrea to herself as she
put her foot down...

"Ok... time to make everything happen..." said Horace Mortimer out loud, and yet
to no-one in particular...

He punched a couple of buttons and turned a dial or two and sure enough the
Internet sprung up and screens in front of him flickered to life, as did the
voices in the ear-piece now pushed into his ear...

"Ok you guys keep it down..."

"Oh sorry Mr Mortimer," cried a chorus of voices, followed by various
explanations of where the proceedings were up to.

"Ok, ok... 'Slutcam 1' are you there???"

There was a crackle in his ear-piece followed by Andrea's sweetest voice, "yes
Mr Mortimer, I'm here..."

"E.T.A. pet?"

"About ten minutes Sir..."

"Ok.. ok... 'SlutMaster 1', everything in readiness???"

Jake sprung to attention, "Ah, yes Sir... made a couple of last minute changes
but I am sure they will meet with your approval Sir..."

"Wonderful.. wonderful... ok... and the rest of you... all in readiness?" asked
School Inspector Mortimer.

"Yes Sir!" erupted the voices... half of which he didn't recognise. Well why
would he, there weren't any cute girls at all in the photography club. He
snickered and brought another screen of the panorama of Randy Hymen Fields into
focus... "What's that there?" he asked out loud, "Jesus... is that??... Oh my
god Jake you are a genius..." ahahhahahhahahaaaaaa he laughed as he started the
web-cam feed on www.Cindyslut.com...

"Ladies and gentlemen... let the fun begin!"

Andrea squealed behind the wheel she was so horny... "God there is gonna be so
many horny guys there..." she thought to herself, as she rounded the last corner
and brought the car into the packed parking lot, "lots and lots and lots of hard
cocks!"

Cindy squealed too, but she squealed cause someone, she didn't know who, had
once again twisted her nipples savagely. They were so hard they ached and she
could feel the puddle of cum and her own juices she was sitting in.  She was
drinking beer and piss and not giving a damn!  She felt like she had been
blushing for hours!  For some reason, she actually felt goooood.  She guessed it
was all the attention from her friends that made her feel special, but
unbeknownst to our heroine, she was under the influence of two ecstasy tablets
and along with the beer she had been fed all the way to Randy Hymen Fields!  She
was feeling no pain at all!

Horace was cutting from camera to camera showing the wide eyes of the gathered
throng as well as the diminutive beauties leading the blindfolded cheerleader...
"Ok, Jake she's about to come around the corner... give the signal for
silence... then when she's in centre stage lets get a roar out of the crowd,
eh?"

"Yes Sir!" Jake gave the signal and a hush fell over the crowd as Cindy was led
around the corner. She felt the presence of males... their sweat, their scent
and their breath, and despite Jakes best efforts, there were murmurs coming from
the crowd as people shifted positions to get a better look at the scantily clad,
blindfolded and handcuffed cheerleader.

Cindy blushed and shuddered behind the blindfold. Her legs felt weak and she had
a bad feeling about all this. Andrea had recuffed her hands behind her back
again.  Suddenly she felt she was in a crush of cheerleaders bodies as her team
gathered in close, and whispers from different members invaded her ears.

"So you want to be in the Slut Club huh?"

"It's a very exclusive club Cindy."

"Yeah very exclusive."

"Only the most 'popular' girls are in it."

"Yeah only the most popular."

"But you have to get through this to be accepted."

"Yeah, you have to get through it."

"Yeah."

Just then Cindy felt a collar being fastened around her neck. She knew it was a
collar because she had worn one a couple of times before. And whenever she did,
she knew that something bad was about to happen. Cindy struggled a bit as hands
tightened their grip on her.

"Oh nooo, nooooo. 'ot are oo 'oing? 'ot are oo 'oing to d... owwww!!!" screamed
Cindy as her wrists were pulled up high behind her back and clipped to the back
of her collar, pulling her shoulders back severely and jutting her tits out
obscenely.

"Ugh..." Cindy grunted as the cheer-squad fell away from her and Andrea, facing
her, grasped her thick and protruding nipples firmly between thumbs and fingers.
Andrea appeared to be laughing but she couldn't be heard.  The crowd had erupted
into cheers and jeers at the sight of the cheer-girl having her big tits wobbled
all over the place by the nipples.

Cindy's knees almost collapsed from the shame she felt at that moment. She could
hear lots of voices, maybe a hundred. Oh god maybe more... "What is going to
happen to me?" her brain cried. And yet, to her further shame she could feel her
pussy juicing up and thoughts began racing through her head.  Oh god no... They
won't they can't...  It can't be happening all over again...  God I hope I don't
have to blow them all like at Rigby High... Or like at Hamilton High when all
the teachers and the black janitors fucked my ass...  Or like at La Perouse High
where all my so called 'friends' made me wear a buttplug for a whole semester,
and clean it and reinsert it every lunchtime, in front of everyone.  God its
happening to me again!  She suddenly realised her mouth was full of her own piss
and she had to swallow quick!

At that moment Cindy's cheer-girl top was jammed down over her shoulders and her
enormous rounded breasts jumped out at everyone, nipples huge and throbbing. The
stretchy lycra top effectively bound Cindy's elbows to her sides, and, with a
few precise adjustments from Andrea, also cupped the lower half of her huge firm
tits, making them look even higher on her chest than they actually were.

Andrea's abuse of her nipples had them throbbing and thickly erect on the tips
of her big globes.  The crowd had gasped into silence at Andrea's sudden swift
move and as she stepped away from Cindy, a collective sigh of wonder hushed over
the crowd.  Cindy's eyes blinked behind her blindfold, wondering what
god-forsaken use would be made of her. She shuddered at her exposure and
instinctively rubbed her thighs together trying to relieve the hot itch... "Oh
god no, I have to stop doing that!" She thought, " My cunt is so wet!"

Just then Jakes booming voice was met with riotous cheers and applause as he
announced, "May I present 'Cindyslut', certified dumb-assed whore and next
pledge to the Slut Club!" The crowd went wild!

"I know you are all here wondering what is going to happen..." Jake continued,
"so I'm going to tell you how proceedings are gonna go..." Again cheers rang out
and Jake waited for them to abate before continuing.

"Cindyslut here has an full initiation to get through tonight, and we are all
here to witness it..." More applause and wild cheering.

"And Cindy... if she can get through all the tasks and torments we have planned
for her... will become the most popular girl in the whole town!!! Courtesy of
the Slut Club!!!" 

The cheers and applause were deafening.  When they finally died down, Jake
announced, "Alright people, if you will take up positions around the shot-put
area, we will begin... First up is the Piss Test!" Once more the crowd erupted
in wild cheering and moved en masse over to the shot-put area.

"C'mon slut," said Andrea "get your ass into gear, we haven't got all night."

"Bud I caaan't Anwea... I'm too... urghh ...I cand talk pro'erly.."  Cindy
whined.  Andrea pulled the catheter out of Cindy's mouth and untaped it then
whipped her arm back ripping it from Cindy's pisshole. 

Cindy almost got to cry out before Andrea's tongue slid into her mouth and her
lips were covered.  "Mmmm... no wonder you like to drink your own piss Cindy,
it's quite delicious!"

"But, I..." 

"Oh stop your complaining, don''t you know how good it is for you? Haven't you
read how it's great for your skin, helps you diet and even makes you a little
high?  Gee Cindy, you really have to read more..."

 "I.. I'm sorry, I just didn't know..."  Gosh.

She just wanted to get out of there. And she hadn't caught Jakes words properly
and she sorely needed to go to the little girls room. But she had been trying
desperately to hang on.  And now she didn't seem to need to go so bad.  She was
so confused. Was it still about the Slut Club or were they just using her like
in the past? What if it is about the Slut Club and I fail and I don't get in?
I'll have blown it all over again!

"At least let me take a piss Andrea, pleeeease!"

"Not a chance slut, you're gonna need it for the first task! Now get your
fucking feet moving whore, or it will be a whipping for you between the
goal-posts."

At this last remark Cindy's resolve flew out the window. "Jesus," she thought,
"I don't want to get a whipping in front of everyone, god how humiliating!"  She
straightened her back in a stupid attempt at courage and was suddenly pulled
hard by the nipple and she whimpered as she was roughly led over to the shot-put
area where Jake had again taken control.

"Friends, we are all here this evening to witness Cindyslut's attempt to enter
the Slut Club.  As I said she has various tasks and torments to endure.  We are
her witnesses.  And we are her judges.  If anyone sees her cheating or scrimping
or cutting corners you are to raise one hand immediately whereupon proceedings
will cease.  The 'problem' will the aired loudly and we all will judge. 
Understood?  I will decide whether the task is completed, done again, or whether
punishment will be the penalty.  Punishments will be administered between the
goal-posts at the southern end."  Cindy winced and shuddered again at the
mention of the goal-posts. Her face burned hotly and her pussy throbbed at the
thought of being whipped.  She always came when she was whipped.  God.

"Yeahhh!!!" Nods and agreements filled the air as Cindy stood shivering in fear,
hoping no-one would notice the trickle of piss running down the inside of her
leg.

"Ok, ok quieten down please," said Jake, his arms flapping slowly like a
seagull, "Task 1: Piss further than three yards while blindfolded. Rules: One
hand must be on the ground at all times. Torment: Andrea, nipple clamps please!"
The crowd oooed and ahhhed and all Cindy could think was, "Nooo, nooo, nooo
they'll make me horny!" Andrea stepped up to Cindy like an assistant on a
game-show, and with a flourish, presented the clamps on a chain to the crowd
amidst the cheers.

"Arghhh!" cried Cindy twice as the clamps bit into her nipple flesh and she
shuddered and felt her pussy juice up even more. "Nooo, nooo, please not
clamps!" she thought as she bit her lip and felt another trickle of piss run
down her inner thigh.

"She's as ready as she'll ever be!" yelled Andrea as she pulled poor Cindy into
the shot-put ring and crumpled her knees with a push behind them. Cindy fell to
the ground and groaned as piss pains ran through her abdomen.

The crowd took up the chant, "Piss! Piss! Piss!"  Cindy positioned herself with
a hand on the ground as instructed and spread her thighs and gasped as another
shudder of shame burned through her. "Oh god this is awful I cant believe I'm
gonna do this... but its not as bad as being whipped... god my nipples ache..."

"C'mon slut! Do it!" hissed Andrea in her ear and Cindy heard the girls voices
of the rest of the team take up the chant, "Piss! Piss! Piss!"

"Jesus three yards..." Cindy thought as she welled up her piss and slid two
fingers down to part the pink puffy lips of her cunt. She suddenly exploded with
piss and let out an ungodly "Ahhhh!" easily clearing 4 yards and drenching one
poor guy holding a cam-corder.

"Great shot! Great shot! Now quick zoom into her cunt!" screamed an excited
Horace into his microphone. The screen in front of him lit up with his step
daughter's pulsing pink pussy still dripping piss and the directional microphone
picked up Cindy pleading, "Did I do it? Did I?"

Horace laughed like a maniac as the hit meter on the web-site went nuts.

"Get that little fucking tart to the next task Jake, everyone's aching for it!"

"Yes Sir," he said into his mouthpiece, then to the crowd, "Ok everyone! Next
task! 'Beer or bust!'  Over to the Donation Tent!"

Andrea pulled Cindyslut to her feet by a pigtail and she squealed and everyone
laughed and jeered.

"Why are they being so mean, I did good didn't I?"  Cindy whined as she was
dragged blindfolded and stumbling.  Donation Tent?  She wondered if she was
doing something for charity!

"Oh shut up you stupid slut," giggled Andrea as the crowd settled in a
semi-circle around them.  Cindy couldn't help it and giggled too!  She was
plonked onto a chair and felt the undersides of her breasts resting on a table
in front of her.  The clamps were still tight on her nipples.  She liked them
and hoped they would stay.  She felt little pulls and pushes on them as
electrodes were attached to the clamps. 

"Right slut are you ready?"  Buzz! Buzz!  Jake pressed the button on the remote
in his hand and Cindy stiffened and gasped!  Her nipples were suddenly on fire!!

She just about screamed, "Yes Sir!" And the crowd cracked up as four pitchers
were brought over in front of Cindy by her cheerleader friends. Two pitchers
obviously contained beer but the other two swam with thick ropey cum. Two
pitchers filled with the cum of over two hundred men. The thick slime had an
acrid smell Cindy recognised immediately.  She crinkled her nose and swallowed
instinctively.

"This task is relatively simple..." said Jake, "You choose two pitchers out of
the four in front of you, then it's two minutes to down each pitcher, two
pitchers to down, or its a whipping!  Any spillages and your tits get zapped!" 

The crowd went bananas! Jake quietened them with his impression of a seagull
again. "Alright, alright, that's enough, we don't want to be here all night!" 

"Why not!" shouted a heckler to more guffaws from the crowd. 

"Ok, ok, settle down ...Now Miss Cindyslut, there are four pitchers in front of
you..." the crowd gasped and collectively shook their heads as, blindfolded,
Cindy nodded at two and chose her poison. Andrea quickly stepped in and made
sure Cindy's choices were one pitcher of beer, and one pitcher full to the brim
with warm cum, much to the delight of the cheering crowd.  The other
cheerleaders fought over the two remaining pitchers, pushing and pulling them
back and forth and spilling half the contents of each down their fronts!  They
were all laughing.  Many in the crowd were stroking hard cocks through their
pants.  Some had even pulled them out!

"Alright! Let's begin!" Jake shouted.  Cindy wondered how on earth she could do
it with her arms strapped up behind her back!

Andrea had been looking forward to this from as soon as Jake suggested it.  She
moved in behind Cindy and pushed her cunt against Cindy's fingers.  She leaned
over and with each arm coming around from behind Cindy,  she picked up the
pitcher full of beer. 

Seeing all was in readiness, Jake announced, "Ok, two minutes!  Go!!!"

Andrea tipped the pitcher up to Cindy's mouth but of course it was hopeless. 
She could hear the stupid slut swallowing then coughing and spluttering.  Jake
kept pushing his remote control zapper and Cindyslut didn't have a chance! 

In her haste Andrea tossed the empty beer pitcher over her shoulder.  It bounced
off Trudy Dunbar's head and almost knocked her out! Trudy, the Vice-Captain of
the cheerleaders, was livid and pounced on Andrea's back just as she was about
to pour the pitcher of cum down Cindy's throat!  Andrea dropped the pitcher of
cum when Trudy pulled her to the ground by her hair. Somehow the pitcher snagged
on Cindy's fingers on the way down!

The crowd roared!

Suddenly Andrea was being accosted from all directions by her own team!  Two
lycra-clad cheerleaders were sitting on her arms and another had straddled her
thighs.  Two more were slapping her face and tits, yelling something about how
she never gave them any attention and now she was gonna pay!!!  And the crowd
was egging them on!

Horace Mortimer couldn't believe it!  He knew he should never have trusted those
damned kids!  He watched in his monitor as the action switched from Cindy to
Andrea.  He'd have Jakes balls for this!

Then he watched fascinated as Trudy pulled the three quarters full pitcher of
cum free of Cindy's fingers and she sat on Andrea's comfortable chest.  Of
course this knocked the wind out of Andrea, who's nose was also being held
closed.  She gurgled as the pitcher of cum was poured down her throat.  The
sight of Andrea swallowing over and over was caught perfectly in close-up from
three different angles!

It was a disaster, but at least the hit meter was still going bananas! He caught
sight of Jake untying Cindy and leading her away.  "What the fuck does he think
he's doing!" screamed Horace to no-one at all.

Meanwhile the crowd was out of control.  Men had queued up in four or five lines
to step up and cum all over the writhing mass of cheerleader flesh.  Once Andrea
was stripped and staked out the others shrugged and pulled off their uniforms
too.  They each took turns sitting on Andrea's face and slapped and pinched her
tits if her tongue got lazy.  Half the men there wanted to ride the new slut. 
So the cheerleaders sucked them till they were hard enough, then they just
climbed right on and fucked her!

The only times Andrea's face wasn't covered in cunt was when each man came in
her cursing and complaining mouth!  And they made sure she got every blast.  All
the cheer-girls were either on their knees sucking cock and waiting for Andrea's
cummy face to be free, or taking turns whipping her, in between being fucked
again!  For the few souls who couldn't hold back and who blasted straight into a
cheerleader's mouth, the girl just turned around and spat it onto Andrea!

Horace shook his head and muttered... "looks like I'm gonna have to start a new
web-site!"

But Jake had a better idea.  He put poor Cindy under a hose and sprayed her off. 
He wasn't going to have her stain his Firebird.  Cindy couldn't stop blabbing
her thankyou's as Jake sprayed the filth from her.  When he was done he looked
at the naked and shivering slut and felt a pang of guilt.

"Look Cindy, if you promise to give me the best head in the world, three times a
week for the rest of the semester,  I'll get you out of here."

Cindy thought all her Christmas' had come at once!  "Is that it?  Like, I don't
even have to let you fuck me?"

"Nope, just the best head in the world Cindy, it's what Andrea promised me to
help her gang up on you."

"Oh Jake,  I'll give you blowjobs that are like totally phat!!"

"Ok, it's a deal!"  He grinned as he helped Cindy into his car.

Jake drove down the ramp onto the freeway.  Cindy had opened his pants and was
stroking his long, thick and pulsing cock in her hand.  She smiled and batted
her eyelashes at him.

"You know you can like, fuck me if you want..."

"Yeah, I know,"  he said as he pulled Cindy's mouth down by her pigtail.

"Gosh!" She mumbled as her mouth filled with cock.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir_Nathan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





