BDSM Library - Francine




Francine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is found guilty of an indecent crime, and is sentenced to an indecent punishment.
                                    "Francine"

                                    by Dr. Phil

Thursday, May 21

Journal Entry:

  Today has been one of the best days of my life! I was at the trial this
afternoon. The courthouse was filled to a standing room only crowd and people
who couldn't get in gathered by the open windows. Francine stood and faced the
judge. Her eyes blinked rapidy to try to keep the tears away and she nervously
clasped her hands together.

  She had just been found guilty of lewdness and immodesty. Just the mention of
those words alone made her blush in shame. She stood there in her conservative
ankle-length dress and high collared  long sleeved blouse. Francine was dressed
no differently today than she was any other day. Francine was a chaste and moral
woman, well known for it in fact. Yet there was no denying her crime. She had
shown her legs to the boy. All the way up to her mid-thigh. She'd teased him!
Here she was, fifty-five years old and she was showing her body to tease a
helpless boy.  She had just finished telling her story to the judge. The
courtroom crowd gasped as she haltingly confessed to her crime of passion. As
she told the intimate details of her thoughts and deeds she kept her head low
and tried to block out the people who hung on her every word. People whom she
had known for years, grown up with, watched grow up, and even babysat for.
Still, she had to tell the truth...

  She had seen the boy looking at her for weeks. He was young, so he couldn't
hide it. The first time, she was annoyed and angry. How dare he ogle her like
that!  But that night as she lay in her bed she played the scene over again in
her mind as her hand crept down between her legs. She played the rubbing game
between her thighs as she thought about the look in his eyes. She'd seen it
often enough in her younger years but to see it again in one so young. Lust. And
it was focused at her! She scratched her little itch as she fantasized about
what he would do if he accidentally saw her in her bathtub. She imagined him
pulling on his young cock as he watched her from a window.

  Later in the week she saw him watching her again. Without even realizing it
she found she was doing things to attract his attention. Little things. Like
bending over to pick something up when she knew he (and only he) could see.
Sitting on a bench and stretching her legs out so that her dress rode up to
mid-calf. She could swear she'd seen him gasp with delight. She felt herself go
moist between her thighs as she thought about what he'd be doing that night in
his bed. Yet it was she who lay moaning and rubbing between her thighs in bed
that night, wondering if he was doing the same thing at the same time. Wicked
thoughts! Ummm... But she was like an addict. She had to have a little more.
Then a little more after that. She kept pushing the window until finally she
made her mistake.

  She saw him standing by the railing, trying to act like he wasn't watching
her, but she knew that he was. She was tingling with lust as she waited for just
the right moment when she knew he was looking, then she turned her head and
caught his eye. He didn't turn away. He couldn't. He knew she'd caught him but
he was young, and oh so curious, and oh so hot...  Nobody else was around as she
grasped her dress and slowly began to lift it up. Up past her calves! She
shuddered as she saw his eyes dart to the exposed flesh that she was showing
him. But she didn't stop there. No, she was too far gone herself. She continued
pulling the dress up all the way to her knees! The boy's eyes grew wide and he
licked his lips as he saw the soft female flesh exposed to his eager young eyes.

  Francine's hands trembled as she pulled the dress even higher. This was
outrageous! She bunched the material up in her hands as the hemline rode up her
thighs! To mid thigh, and then even higher! The boy was trembling! She could see
the bulge in his trousers and her own heart pounded away in her chest. Higher
still!

  Suddenly a shrill voice gasped out:  "MY GOD!!"

Francine was stunned. Her body froze in this disgraceful state even as she heard
another, male voice join in the condemnation.

  Of all people, it was Josephine, one of the town gossips, and her husband
Fred. Francine's heart sank. She realized she still stood there with her dress
hiked up and immediately let the hem fall back down.

  "I...I... don't know what... please, PLEASE, don't..."

 But her words were cut off as Josephine ran running to fetch the sheriff.

Her fate was sealed. The boy told the Sheriff everything that had happened and
Josephine and Fred backed him up. Now Francine stood in court, surrounded by her
neighbors, as she waited for the judge's sentence...

  "Francine,  you have been convicted of public lewdness and immodesty." 
Francine stifled a sob.

  "I must say that I am shocked at what I've heard today. I've known you for
years and you would be the last woman I would expect to act in this outrageous
and sinful manner. No woman would expose herself like that in public. Unless she
let her animal urges overcome her humanity. So the court has decided that since
you chose to act like an animal, your punishment will be to be treated as an
animal."

The crowd held its breath. Nobody knew where the judge was heading with his
shocking pronouncement.

  "A human woman would die of shame before she let herself be seen as you were
in public. But an animal wouldn't care. Humans are clothed. Animals are naked. 
Francine, you will be delivered to the Executioner tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM. 
He will then prepare you and bring you to the town square where you will be
displayed naked, like an animal, for all to see, for a period no less than ten
days. Since you like to expose your body, then exposed it shall be! The
Executioner shall have full control to expose and display you, naked like the
animal you are, as punishment for your crime. At then end of your punishment
period you will be released."

  The judge banged his gavel once and you could hear a pin drop in the silence.
It was broken by a sobbing wail of "OH GOD! NO! PLEASE!! NO!!!!!"

  Suddenly everybody was talking at once. Nobody could quite believe what they
had just heard and they gasped as they looked at Francine, weeping openly and
sobbing her plea to the back of the judge as he stood and walked away.

  I sat there and smiled. You see, I'm the Executioner.  It's my job. I don't
execute people, I get paid to execute the punishments imposed by the court.
Someone has to do it, and I'm quite good at it. People fear me and avoid me, but
the job does have its rewards. Like today, and tomorrow...!



(end of part 1)




                                       Francine - part 2

                                          by Dr. Phil

 

At 8:00 AM Francine was delivered to the offices of the Executioner. Francine
was terrified. It was his job to execute the punishment ordered by the court
and, like all others in the town, she felt uncomfortable in his presence even in
normal situations. This was not a normal situation.

  Francine was dressed in the same clothes she wore the day before at her court
appearance. They appeared more wrinkled and unkempt, but that didn't matter. She
wouldn't have them on much longer. Her face was tear-stained and her hands were
tied together in front of her. She chewed her lower lip as she saw the
Executioner watching her.

  The two young men who brought her were the Executioner's assistants, Jacob and
William. Both were strapping young men in their early 20's. The Executioner was
slender, in his late forties with a short graying well-kept beard and piercing
eyes that made Francine fear him far more than his two younger and larger
assistants.

  He eyed Francine for a few moments. Oh, she looked lovely standing there
before him. She was in her mid fifties but she had managed to keep herself fit
and desirable. Her hair was short and styled in a very elegant fashion. She had
earrings on and a small pair of white gloves. Unfortunately she had chosen to
wear a small touch of make-up yesterday morning. Unfortunate because now, after
a night of sobbing in jail, it was streaked in places on her face. That's okay,
it added to the effect, and the Executioner liked what he saw.

Francine began to speak: "Mr. Palmer..."  She realized that after all these
years she didn't even know his first name. He was just Mr. Palmer, the
Executioner. That's all anyone ever called him.

"Please, Mr. Palmer. Don't do this shameful thing to me. Have some pity on me.
You know me. You know that I'm a good woman..."

"Enough" he said, softly but with an underlying strength and menace which made
her stop instantly.

"Francine" he said mildly. "You know that as Executioner it's my job to execute
the punishments of the court. Everyone knows that. Before today they were always
administered privately in my offices, attended by myself and my assistants, and
an occasional official as witness."

Francine glanced around the office. She saw none of the trappings of the torture
chamber that she had expected, that had been whispered about by the citizens as
Urban Legend.

"Today, however... today is the beginning of something special. Something the
likes of which this town has never seen. Today will begin a spectacle that this
town will remember and talk about for years."

"The judge has ordered that the punishment fit the crime. For ten days you are
mine, Francine. The judge has left the details to my discretion but he has
ordered that you be displayed naked in the town square, publicly and oh so
indecently, for a period of `no less than ten days', after which you will be
released."

"Do you realize the importance of the phrase `no less than ten days', Francine?"

Francine tried to choke out a reply "Mr. Palmer, I-I.."

"It means that it can be extended, indefinitely, at my discretion, based on how
well you obey my orders.  Imagine that, Francine. Indefinitely... if you don't
obey..." He let the phrase hang and he smiled at her shock as she realized the
implications. 

"M-m-mister Palmer.  P-please have some pity on me, on my shame!" she pleaded.

"Strip her now." The Executioner said to his assistants.

"NOOO!!" Francine wailed as the two young men began quickly stripping the mature
woman of her modest and stylish clothing.

  They removed her gloves and shoes then immediately began tugging her long
dress down her legs. Francine struggled but they pulled it off her kicking feet.
Next came her slip... Francine was mortified as the slip was removed, leaving
her clad below the waist in her slik stockings, garter belt, and white panties.
Without hesitating even a second William grabbed the hem of her panties and
simply siced through them with a sharp pocket knife. How she blushed as her
delicate sex became instantly exposed to the men!

  She had little time for contemplation as she felt them tugging at the buttons
on her blouse. After popping the buttons they again used their knives to cut the
blouse and small vest free of her shoulders, leaving a beautiful frilly camisole
and a white bra. These too were quickly cut away leaving a numbed and shocked
Francine standing with her breasts fully exposed, in nothing more than her silk
stockings and garter belt.

  That's when everyone stopped.

  "My God!" whispered Jacob, staring at the woman before him. She was exquisite.
She had a tuft of short grey hair covering her sex. Her legs were trim and
looked as lovely as those on a woman half her age. Her breasts sagged a bit and
there were some wrinkles on her bottom, but she was still capable of stirring
the cocks of all three men in the room.

  Francine had tears streaming down her cheeks as she watched the men staring at
her in awe. Awe? No, not awe, Lust! Even though she was more shamed than she had
ever been in her life, there was still a small part of her that was pleased to
see that she could still arouse mens' passions. Especially two strong young men
like Jacob and William.

  The Executioner licked his lips as he stared. "Now THIS is how you should be
displayed! Wouldn't the townspeople love to see you exactly like this, in silk
stockings and a garter belt! But the judge specifically said `naked', so I'm
afraid those beautiful stockings and belt will have to come off."

 "Take those things off of her and lay her on the desk on her back for the
shaving." he ordered.



(end of part 2)




Francine - Part 3

by Dr. Phil



  The Executioner licked his lips as he stared. "Now THIS is how you should be
displayed! Wouldn't the townspeople love to see you exactly like this, in silk
stockings and a garter belt! But the judge specifically said `naked', so I'm
afraid those beautiful stockings and belt will have to come off."

 "Take those things off of her and lay her on the desk on her back for the
shaving." he ordered.

 "Wha-wha-what?!" she protested. "Y-you can't mean..."

 "Silence!" he warned.

 Jacob and William finished removing the last remaining undergarments and began
lifting her like a rolled carpet onto the large polished wooden desk.  It felt
cold on her backside and shoulders as she tried unsuccessfully to squirm.

  "Jacob, William, stand on each side of her and each grab a leg under the knee.
Yup. Now pull it up and back. No, like this... that's right. All the way back...
Spread them outwards a little more. A little more... Just like this. Perfect!
Now hold them this way. Don't let her move."

  Francine began fighting the two young men, but she never had a chance.

  "Stop squirming!"

  "N-n-nooo! God..No!! Please! Please! Not like this! PLEASE!!"

  "Yes. Just like this Francine" the Executioner stated as he reached for a mug
with a shaving brush and poured some warm water into it. He began stirring the
mug as a lather quickly formed.

  "Just like this." He repeated as he brought the mug and brush over her groin.
"I'm going to shave off that little bush of yours that's hiding your treasure.
It's a shame to remove it. I'd personally like to keep it there, but the people
are going to want to have an unobstructed view of your secret charms. Every fold
needs to be on display."

  Francine wailed like an injured cat as he generously rubbed the lather into
her beautiful bush. He then grabbed a straight razor and a strop and began
stropping the blade back and forth to sharpen it as he waited for the foam to
soften the hairs. Francine kept mewling and thrashing her head back and forth in
denial. He didn't stop her.

  Finally he took the straight razor to her sex and hovered there for a moment.

  "Be very still Francine. I wouldn't want to accidentally cut you. Keep still
now and this won't hurt."

  Francine forced her hips to remain still but she found her voice and again
begged him not to do this.

  "I have to do it Francine. The people will want to see all of your charms, and
we both know how much you love showing your body off. There will be boys there
who have never seem a woman in such intimacy. Let's let them have their fun!
Besides, this is the easy one. Just me and Jacob and William. The next time we
shave you will be out there in the square." and he nodded his head towards the
door. Just like you are now, but I suspect the audience will be a bit larger!"

  He snickered and lifted the razor off her as he felt her tense and gasp.

  "You caaan't b-be SERIOUS!!"

  "Oh yes. Quite serious. Now don't move, I'm almost done."

  He took a few more careful swipes with the razor around her hooded clitoris.

  "We want to make sure the little clitoris can be seen. Don't want to hide one
of the best parts!"

  "Ooohhhhhh!!"

  He then motioned for Jacob and William to lift her legs even higher so she was
supported on her shoulders and he made sure there were no hairs left around her
anus.

  "There now! All done!"  He slapped her hard across her ass, leaving a red
handprint. She jumped as he snorted and got the warm wet towel to wipe up any of
the stray lather.

  He decided to let her "air dry" and asked Jacob and William to continue
holding her like that while he got the camera and began taking pictures to
document the prep work.

  "You know, Francine..." CLICK! "I'm really going to enjoy this." CLICK! "I've
been watching you for years with admiration and respect. So proper. So
respectable." CLICK! "Oh how I longed for a glimpse of your legs. How I watched
the swell of your busom as you walked. How I undressed you in my mind's eye."
CLICK! "You never knew that at your age you could still have such an effect on a
male. But you must have known! You teased that poor boy to frustration. How many
others in this town have longed for a glimpse of you?" CLICK!  "Well, they'll
all be there today." CLICK! "And tomorrow."

  Francine bit her lip in frustration as she felt the coolness of the
evaporating water on her sex, calling attention to her nakedness. She heard the
click of the camera, permanently recording her shame. His words taunted her. She
suddenly realized that her nipples had hardened. There was no way to hide this
embarrassment.

  "Francine, the crowd has already begun gathering in the square. Even though
it's Friday, I've heard men say that they were not going to work today. Just for
you, Francine! Boys will be skipping school. At least the bold ones will. After
3:00 there will be dozens of them. Boys and girls. Men and women. Women and
girls laughing and jeering. Men and boys lusting and wanting...

  "And you'll put on a show for them, Francine! I'll make sure of it. I will
make a spectacle of you. Every fold, Francine. Every secret little place. You
think your nipples are hard now? They'll ache from the exposure, the shame, the
unabated lust. The points of your breasts will be hard and puckered. Your
nipples will ache with need.  You clitoris will be so stiff that it will be
poking out from its hood, straining towards the crowd! Even your most
embarassing spot of all, your anus, will be displayed and stimulated.  Oh
Francine, how I ache right now just thinking of the ways of displaying you... of
exposing you..." CLICK!

  "Please Mr. Palmer. Please! I'll do anything you want. Anything! Please, don't
submit me to this. Don't shame me. Oh God, don't let them see me like this!"

  "Of course not, Francine. You're still not ready."

  "Okay boys, you can let her legs down and sit her up." The Executioner rubbed
has palms together, back and forth, as he watched her sit up.  "All that's left
is for me to redden her ass, rub a little rouge on her nipples, and it's off to
the town square. Don't want to keep the crowd waiting...



(end of part 3)




Francine - Part 4

by Dr. Phil



  "Please Mr. Palmer. Please! I'll do anything you want. Anything! Please, don't
submit me to this. Don't shame me. Oh God, don't let them see me like this!"

  "Of course not, Francine. You're still not ready."

  "Okay boys, you can let her legs down and sit her up." The Executioner rubbed
has palms together, back and forth, as he watched her sit up.  "All that's left
is for me to redden her ass, rub a little rouge on her nipples, and it's off to
the town square. Don't want to keep the crowd waiting...



  The Executioner pulled a wooden chair out from behind his desk and placed it
in the middle of his office. He then sat down, smiled at Francine, and patted
his lap in invitation.

  Francine's eyes darted around like a cornered animal. She saw Jacob and
William standing there with wide grins on their faces. Mr. Palmer continued to
pat his lap. She was beginning to realize that there was no way out of this so
she slowly approached the waiting lap. When she got there she seemed unsure of
what she was supposed to do. She awkwardly began to squat down a little and lean
over his lap, but then straightened back up.

  "It's your choice, Francine. You're going to be on display with a red bottom.
I can do it here, or I can do it out there, but it's going to happen. You decide
where..."



  "Oh God!" she sobbed as she bent down again. She reached her tied hands across
his body and lowered herself until she felt her thighs begin to touch his legs.
At that point he helped her into position so that her head and breasts were one
one side of his lap and her legs were sticking out over the other. Her bottom
was positioned right over the center of his lap.

  The Executioner used his right hand to slowly fondle the lovely bottom
presented before his eyes. It was pale white and had a few wrinkles, but it was
definitely feminine, and pleasant to touch. He lifted his palm into the air. He
brought it down and slapped her right bottom cheek, causing a sharp crack,
followed immediately by an "Owwww!" from the owner of the cheek.

  "Francine, when I bring you outside in a few minutes and set you up on the
stage that's been prepared for you, it's important for everyone to realize that
you're there to be punished."

He slapped her again, and again, bringing two more protests and adding two more
red handprints to the formerly white bottom.

  "Nothing says punishment more than a well-reddened bottom."  SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! 
"While you're out there naked, I want everybody to see you with a red bottom and
know that you were spanked as part of your punishment." SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! 
"Every moment that you are on display, your bottom will be red or pink. As soon
as the color starts to fade you will be `warmed up' again, right there, in front
of the whole town!" SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

  "Owww!! Ooooowwww!!!  NO! Please. You caaan't!" she sobbed as she twisted on
his lap.

  "I can" SLAP! "and I will." SLAP! SLAP!

  By this time Francine's bottom was quite red. Certainly red enough to be seen
from the stage, and a marked contrast from the rest of her white skin.  The
Executioner helped her to stand up and gave her to his assistants to hold while
he got the rouge.  Jacob couldn't restrain himself and lightly fondled the
punished bottom cheeks. They were hot to the touch and very smooth.

  The Executioner stood before Francine and began gently rubbing a rouge pad on
her nipples. They had lost some of the hardness they had earlier, but as soon as
he began touching them they began to pucker up. 

  "There now, that's better. You have such lovely nipples Francine. Large
aureole and long, firm, hard nipples. The rouge will help them to show up so
they can be more easily seen by the crowd. I'm sure many a man and boy will ache
when he looks at these beauties: large, firm, erect, and looking oh so
sensitive! I'll have to find several positions which display them very
prominently."

  Finally The Executioner put down the rouge and stood looking over his work.

  He took a warm towel and began wiping Francine's face, cleaning up the smudged
makeup that had been there when she entered. He took a lipstick tube and touched
up her lips. Then he placed a comb in her tied hands and handed a small mirror
to Jacob to hold up before her face.

  "Touch up your hair, Francine. I want you to look your best."

  Mechanically, Francine touched up her soft grey hair so it once again looked
presentable. She pressed her lips together to smooth the lipstick. She still had
her earrings on and from the neck up she looked as she always did: elegant,
classy, mature. From the neck down she was stark naked, pink nippled, and rosie
assed, with her sex shaved bare...

He grabbed his camera and snapped a few final shots, then put the camera down,
rubbed his palms together happily and announced. "Let's Go!"

  "Oh God! Nonononono! No!" pleaded Francine.  The Executioner reached out and
gave her a hard slap across her bottom causing Francine to shriek.

  "A second good reason for keeping your bottom red, Francine! When it's red
it's oh so sensitive. Just touching it causes discomfort. All it takes is a
single slap from me, or anybody else, to get your attention. Now let's go!"

  Francine whimpered as The Executioner tied a short rope around her already
tied hands and gave the end to William. Jacob opened the door and William tugged
on the rope leading Francine out of the relative privacy of the office and into
the sun.



  "There she is!" she heard a young voice shout. "There she is! Oooooooh Look at
her!! She's all naked!"

  Francine sobbed as she looked around and saw a few young boys who had been
waiting near the Executioner's door. A young girl was with them and her face
reddened as she threw her hands up over her cheeks and yelled "Oh my God!!!
She's really naked!" Then Francine's heart sank as she heard the girl begin to
giggle.

  Francine stopped dead in her tracks at this and began to shake. Swiftly, The
Executioner gave her another hard slap across her bottom, causing her to jump
and the boys to gasp. The girl began giggling again and Francine's knees began
to tremble, but William's steady pull on the rope kept her moving forward.

  The sun was shining. The sky was blue. It was only a block to the town square
and Francine could already hear the buzz of what sounded like a large crowd. 
They kept walking, followed by her young admirers, when one of the boys ran
ahead, around the corner and began shouting "SHE'S COMING! SHE"S COMING".  The
din of the voices rose in intensity and as Francine turned the corner she
stopped dead in her tracks!

 This just couldn't be. No, it was impossible! This just couldn't be!

  There before her was a low wooden stage that had been erected right in the
center of the town square, and beyond that was an enormous crowd! Hundreds of
people! Men! Women! Boys! Girls! It seemed as if the entire town was there. And
they were cheering!



(end of part 4)




Francine - Part 5

by Dr. Phil



 This just couldn't be. No, it was impossible! This just couldn't be!

  There before her was a low wooden stage that had been erected right in the
center of the town square, and beyond that was an enormous crowd! Hundreds of
people! Men! Women! Boys! Girls! It seemed as if the entire town was there. And
they were cheering!



  Francine halted and looked pitifully at The Executioner.

  "Mr. Palmer? Please, Mr. Palmer. I can't go up there right now. I...I have
to.. to go to the bathroom first."

  "Now Francine, there's no use trying to delay the inevitable. I suggest you do
exactly as I say once we're up on that stage. Remember that I have the power to
add on more days to your sentence..." He let the threat hang.

  "No, no really, Mr. Palmer. I have to...go. I mean I REALLY do have to go.
Please?"

  The Executioner shook his head sadly.

  "I'm sorry Francine. You should have thought of that sooner. I would have let
you go before we left the office, but it's too late now. Up we go, onto the
stage!"

  Francine struggled frantically! "No I'm SERIOUS Mr. Palmer. Let me go to the
bathroom first. PLEASE!!"

  The Executioner slapped her hard on her already flaming bottom, causing a tiny
shriek.

  "Come on boys, help me get her up. Sorry Francine. Once you're on the stage,
well that's it. You're not coming down for anything. Let's go boys."

  Francine whined and began crying as Jacob and William half dragged her up the
two steps and onto the platform.  A huge cheer arose from the crowd. Francine
kept her wet eyes closed tightly. She could feel the sun on her naked body and a
gentle breeze tickled the tiny hairs on her bare skin. She heard the cheers and
wanted to crawl into a hole, but she was held fast in the grip of the two burly
young assitants.

  "Open your eyes Francine. Come on, that's an order!" The Executioner said in a
soft but menacing tone.

  Francine took a gulp of air and slowly opened her eyes...  She was right,
there had to be well over a hundred people out there. No, over two hundred
people! Right in front she saw Josephine, the woman who had turned her in, and
Fred, her husband. Josephine had her lips pursed in disapproval, as if she had
just bitten into a lemon. Fred's eyes were as big as saucers!

  All around she saw people that she knew. In fact, everybody that she knew
seemed to be there. Most were cheering. Children were laughing and pointing.
Girls were clustered together giggling. Men just leered hungrily.

  "Attention! Attention please!" The Executioner shouted through a bullhorn.
"May I have your attention please!"

  It took a few moments but the crowd finally quieted down. There was an
occasional outburst of giggling and a derisive snort or two, but for the most
part the crowd had quieted to hear the words of The Executioner.

  "My fellow citizens. We are all here today as witnesses.  We all know
Francine. Most of us have respected her and admired her for her character, her
modesty, and her forthrighteousness. We all held our tongues in Francine's
presence, and if anyone acted in an uncivil manner, we knew that Francine would
be the first to report their behaviour. Last year when Homer Schotl spent three
days in jail and was whipped on his back with 10 strokes of the cane it was
Francine who had reported him as drunk and using vulgar language in the presence
of a lady. Francine was a woman that we all looked up to and admired..."  

He let those last words hang and appreciated the irony.

  "That's why it came as such a shock to find her convicted of `Lewd and Immoral
Behavior'. Lewd and immoral? Francine?  But there is no doubt to her crime and
her guilt. She was caught showing off parts of her body to tease and frustrate
one of our young boys!"

  The crowd gasped and a general murmuring went up, then finally settled back
down.

  "Can this be the first time she has done this to a young lad? I think not!
This was merely the first time that she was caught! How many others has she
teased? What pain has she put them through? Did she enjoy their suffering or
does she simply like showing off her body in order to tease?"

  "Francine has been caught and convicted. Her judgment may seem like a harsh
one, but it is one that she deserves. A punishment that fits the crime. 
Francine has been sentenced to be stripped naked and exposed and humiliated
here, before the entire town, for a period of no less than ten days."

  A cheer began to swell from the crowd, but The Executioner held it down with
his hands.

  "I will be placing Francine in different positions to display her in the most
complete fashion. This is supposed to be humiliating. This is supposed to be
punishment.  This serves not only as a  lesson to Francine, but also as a
reminder to all of our citizens that the law, our law, is just, and must be
obeyed."



  With that he turned his back as the crowd began to applaud. Now both of the
fully clothed young assistants went to work tying up and displaying the naked
woman for maximum exposure. There was a gibbet on the platform, which consisted
of an upright post and an overhead horizontal beam. Attached to the underside of
the beam was an iron ring. It was through this ring that the rope which held
Francine's tied wrists was strung. Jacob pulled down on his end of the rope
until Francine's tied arms were lifted straight up above her head.

 William bent and placed leather straps around each of Francine's trim ankles.
Each strap had a ring through which a rope was fed and then pulled outwards and
attached to a ring on the floor of the stage. The ropes were pulled taught until
Francine's legs were widely separated, and then tied off to hold them that way.
Her feet were about three feet apart, which was sufficient to cause the outer
lips of her hairless vagina to pull open, revealing the soft pinkness within.
Jacob then stretched his arms upward and swung the horizontal beam of the gibbet
a few inches forward and then back. This setup was very well planned and the
young men were able to precisely adjust the position of Francine's raised arms
to assure tht her breasts were both pulled upward, and thrust outwards,
seemingly in invitation to the boisterous crowd.

  When they were satisfied that the exposure was perfect they secured all of the
ropes with multiple knots, then stepped back to admire their handiwork.

  It was wonderful! Deliciously naked female flesh presented for the viewing
pleasure of every red-blooded male in the audience, and for the scorn of every
female. Nature may have caused Francine's breasts to sag slightly, but her
raised arms helped to lift them right out, and the precise positioning caused
them to jut out. Her large hard pink nipples seemed to just beg for touching.
Her spread legs and shaved sex allowed the most intimate folds to be revealed in
their glistening pinkness. And, what was that? Yes! Even the little clitoris
could be seen making an appearance, peeking out from beneath its hood, straining
outwards towards the crowd as if to say `hello'.



(end of part 5)




Francine - Part 6

by Dr. Phil



  It was wonderful! Deliciously naked female flesh presented for the viewing
pleasure of every red-blooded male in the audience, and for the scorn of every
female. Nature may have caused Francine's breasts to sag slightly, but her
raised arms helped to lift them right out, and the precise positioning caused
them to jut out. Her large hard pink nipples seemed to just beg for touching.
Her spread legs and shaved sex allowed the most intimate folds to be revealed in
their glistening pinkness. And, what was that? Yes! Even the little clitoris
could be seen making an appearance, peeking out from beneath its hood, straining
outwards towards the crowd as if to say `hello'...

  Francine looked out helplessly as the crowd seemed to surge closer for a
better look at her. She'd read stories of slaves being displayed on a platform
at an auction and shuddered at how humiliating that might be, but nothing could
have prepared her for what she was feeling now! She felt more exposed than she
ever thought was humanly possible.

  Her limbs were stretched, not tightly, but enough to thrust her body towards
the crowd, openly, almost in invitation, with no secrets unrevealed. The most
shameful part of all, however, was that her sex seemed to be responding to this
humiliation. Try as she could to deny it, to avoid it, her treacherous body was
betraying her. Somewhere deep inside was a wickedness that was arousing her,
strumming her, causing her nipples to harden into points till they ached. She
could feel the hunger within her open vagina. She could feel the thrumming in
her clitoris...

  She knew it was revealed to her audience, shamefully announcing her need, and
she looked at the raw lust in the eyes of the men who gaped at her, some
open-mouthed in awe, some unconsciously licking their lips. All of them aching
themselves, she knew, for her... for what she was displaying, and it caused her
to shudder in near-climax. The shame came from the fact that, even though she
knew it was wrong, she couldn't stop her body from responding, and they all knew
it now. And HE knew it! He knew he had her. She began to tremble.

  On top of all this was the building terror of her full bladder. She could feel
the need for that release becoming stronger. What would she do? Surely she
couldn't last all day! Would he let her down? What would she do if he didn't???

  The pressure in her bladder caused her to clench her hips. Her sex contracted
slightly. More obvious was her bottom cheeks, which noticeably clenched, held
and shook a little, only to release and clench up again in the age old "trying
to hold it" squirm.

  A group of spectators had moved behind the stage so they could get a better
look at Francine from the rear. She heard laughter and comments about her red
bottom.

  "Look! Her bottom looks like... Good Lord! It looks like she's been spanked!"

  Word rumbled around and more people wanted to see if it could possibly be
true. Some young girls shrieked loudly and then broke down into uncontrollable
giggles as they pointed and yelled out to others to come and see Francine's red
bottom.

  "Come look! She's been spanked! Really!! We're not kidding! Her rear end is
all red and pink!"

  Francine was mortified, but her bladder wouldn't let her stop the bottom
clenching.

  "M-M-Mister Palmer... PLEASE!!!" she implored "PLEASE!"

  The Executioner stepped closer to Francine and said "Yes Francine? What do you
want?"

  "P-Please, Mr. Palmer. I have to go! I really have to go. Really bad!"

  "No, I'm sorry Francine. You can't go just yet. You'll have to wait."

  "Oh God. I can't wait much longer." I h-have to go."

  "I told you, not yet!" The Executioner stated with mild exasperation, tinged
with wry humor.

  "In fact, if you lose control and relieve yourself before I give you
permission I will add one more day onto your sentence. So just hold it and be
patient."

  "Oh, please Mr. Palmer. Do something quick. PLEASE??"

  "Francine, it'll be good having you hold it for awhile. You know why? Because
you look so delightful squirming like that. I think you should stay like that
for awhile."

  It was true. Francine had now progressed from cheek clenching to squirming.
She couldn't close her legs together. All she could do was wiggle and squirm,
doing her best to hold it in. Her breasts began jiggling with her squirming. The
crowd could see that something was going on. Her hips began rotating and her
breasts were now bouncing up and down as much as they could with her arms tied
above her head. The rouge-pink nipples caught the mens' eyes as they circled and
bounced in her discomfort. Those with a rear view saw her hips moving around and
around in circles, punctuated with clenching and shaking.

  "They don't know that you have to pee, Francine!" The Executioner teased.
"They're watching your delightful little bunny hop dance and jiggle, and they
must think that you're enjoying yourself up here!"

  Indeed, Francine could hear some of the women shout with disgust: 

  "Look at her! She's all excited!"

  "She's putting on a show for the men!"

  "I can't believe it!"

  "Look at her jiggling around! Shaking that red bottom of hers."

  "No wonder he had to spank her. I'd like to spank her myself! That'd teach her
a lesson about humility."

  "It's obvious she hasn't learned her lesson yet. Mr. Palmer's been too easy on
her!"

  Francine sobbed with shame. Her teeth chattered with the need to relieve
herself. "PLEASE Mr. Palmer. PLEASE!!!"

  The crowd was buzzing and cheering. Girls were laughing. Boys were looking
wistfully, poking each other in the ribs and pointing. Women were outraged. Men,
for the most part, just licked their lips and stared at the spectacle before
them.

  "No Francine. Not yet..."



(end of part 6)




Francine - Part 7

by Dr. Phil


  Francine sobbed with shame. Her teeth chattered with the need to relieve
herself. "PLEASE Mr. Palmer. PLEASE!!!"

  The crowd was buzzing and cheering. Girls were laughing. Boys were looking
wistfully, poking each other in the ribs and pointing. Women were outraged. Men,
for the most part, just licked their lips and stared at the spectacle before
them.

  "No Francine. Not yet..."


  Francine's bodily need was taking control of her. She couldn't stop the
clenching and rotating of her bottom as she tried to think of something,
anything, to get her mind off the need to relieve her bladder. She saw The
Executioner approaching her with a large cup.

  "Here Francine, I want you to drink all of this down."

  "Wha-what is it?" Francine asked incredulously.

  "It's water, Francine. You're going to be out here in the hot sun all day and
I don't want you dehydrating. The fluid in your bowels isn't helping the rest of
your body now. You need to be drinking water all day long so you won't get
sick."

  "No! No.. please Mr. Palmer! I have to go so bad now. That will only make it
worse! Please, let me go and relieve myself and then I'll drink the water! I'll
come back! I promise! Please!"

  The Executioner looked Francine in the eyes. His piercing gaze seemed to look
directly into her soul. He shook his head sadly and sighed:

  "You still don't understand, do you Francine?  I'm not letting you down at
all. When you `relieve yourself', you'll do it right here, in front of
everyone."

  Francine gasped! Her mouth hung open. He couldn't be..no not possible.. he was
just...

  "Yes Francine. You shouldn't be so shocked. Did you really think that I would
spare you this exposure? The judge said that you were to be displayed naked,
like an animal... a very lovely and exciting little naked animal." He spoke that
last phrase softly and wistfully, relishing the words. "No, Francine, when I
choose to let you relieve yourself it will be right here in front of the whole
town. And you had better not do it before I give you permission. That's part of
the punishment. Part of the humiliation. I control when you can relieve
yourself.  You will continue to hold it. Continue to squirm and wiggle and
shake. See how they're loving it? They think you're aroused! Ha! Do you want to
yell out to them what the problem really is? No, I don't think so.  So drink
this down now and continue to wiggle for us. If you don't, I'll hold your nose
and force you to drink it anyway and then you'll dance and jiggle into the
afternoon!  If you relieve yourself before I give you permission I will add one
more day to your sentence!"

  Francine just broke down and sobbed. The Executioner tilted her head back
slightly and brought the cup to her lips. Slowly Francine began gulping the
water. It tasted good. The Executioner gently stroked her hair as she drank it
all down. She stared up at him with pleading eyes as he backed away and stood,
watching her.

  Whether it was the water having an immediate effect, or her subconscious
taking part in her humiliation, but Francine's need suddenly grew. People
noticed and began yelling and cheering as she redoubled her bottom-clenching and
shaking. She swung her clenched hips around in circles, stopping occasionally so
her whole body shook. Her breasts jiggled up and down and began bumping into
each other. The people closest to her could hear her moaning the single word
"Please!" over and over as she squirmed. She saw them all mocking her through
tear-glazed eyes. Right up front she could see Josephine shaking her closed fist
at her and angrily shouting "Whore!"  Fred was staring trance-like at her, his
jaw hanging slack and his big eyes never wavering from the glorious sight
presented to them.

  On and on it went! From minute to minute she couldn't believe that she could
hold on, but somehow she did. The Executioner just stood there, occasionally
looking at his pocketwatch.

They locked eyes for a moment and he silently mouthed the words "Only ten more
minutes" at her.  That did it. It's odd how knowing that relief is close can
make the need even more urgent. The crowd, still unknowing the true nature of
the drama being played out before them, moved closer in curiosity as her
twisting grew more pronounced. A few of them began to guess, in horror, at what
the real problem was, but it was too late!

  An animalistic groan escaped from her throat as every muscle in her body
tensed. She leaned forward and suddenly a stream burst forward from her wide
open vagina. "Oh No!!!" she heard herself yell as she realized she had lost it.
The crowd went immediately silent, in shock, not really believeing what it was
seeing! The stream was stopped but only momentarily. Regathering their strength,
her muscles clenched again. Her hips pointed slightly upwards. She had lost all
control now. A second stream, even stronger than the first, burst forward like a
geyser. PFSSSTTT!!  The spray reached all the way across to near the end of the
stage. Further than any woman should have been able to spray. Francine's body
felt the release and now the biological need took over. It was involuntary. Her
body squeezed and sprayed, making that horrid sound. PFSSSTTT! She heard gasps
from the crowd.  "OooooohhhhHHHHHHH" The crowd backed away, but it was too late
for some. Francine heard a shriek and opened her eyes to see that some of the
spray had bounced on the stage floor and sprinkled Josephine and Fred, and a few
of the others around them. Josephine was looking down at her arms and bodice and
shrieking, shaking her arms in disgust.

  Francine continued her spray for what seemed an eternity. In truth it only
lasted about 30 seconds, but to Francine it seemed like forever. The release was
bliss. For a brief moment her body had never felt so good, but that moment
didn't last and soon the bliss was replaced by a shame she had never thought
possible. Josephine was angrily shouting names at her as Fred, reluctantly, led
her away from the stage so that they could clean up and change their clothes.

  "I'll be back, you little tramp!" Josephine shouted in her rage. "You think
that was funny?" I'll show you funny!!" she shrieked out as she left.

The crowd's initial shock had turned to roaring laughter. A sea of amused faces,
each seeking to catch her eye, swam before Francine's tearful face. The laughter
pounded in her ears.

  The Executioner lowered his camera and simply said "Clean her up boys. It's
going to be a long day..."



(end of part 7)




Francine - Part 8

by Dr. Phil


The crowd's initial shock had turned to roaring laughter. A sea of amused faces,
each seeking to catch her eye, swam before Francine's tearful face. The laughter
pounded in her ears.

  The Executioner lowered his camera and simply said "Clean her up boys. It's
going to be a long day..."

  Jacob and William  each brought two large buckets of water and sponges onto
the stage and proceeded to wipe down Francine. Jacob used his sponge on
Francine's lower belly and the front of her thighs. William wiped her down from
the rear. He sneaked his sponge between Francine's widespread legs and sponged
her open vagina from the rear.

"Hey! Get out of there!" Jacob used his own sponge to whack William's out of the
way.

"Gotta be fast to get the goodies!" William teased back, again trying to snake
his sponge between Francine's open legs. They were fighting over who got to do
her vagina.  The Executioner cleared his throat disapprovingly and William
immediately backed off and returned to sponging the backs of Francine's thighs.
Before finishing he ran his sponge in circles around her reddened buttocks,
causing the people nearest the back of the stage to laugh and egg him on.

When they were through, Jacob and William poured the remains of their buckets
onto the wooden stage and used a long-handled brush to clean the deck and push
the water away. Francine was left wet. As the slight breeze dried her she began
to shiver, not from the cold, for it was a warm day, but from the shame of being
there; of feeling the water evaporating on her private parts and realizing how
totally completely NAKED she was, and how totally exposed she was to the entire
town.

  Indeed the entire gathering had taken on a holiday sort of atmosphere, with
people laughing and shouting comments at each other, the pleasant sound of young
girls giggling and the smells of the marketplace being prepared for the noontime
crowds. It was a very pleasant day...

  The Executioner approached Francine and used a towel to help pat dry her wet
torso. Francine was in turmoil. At times Mr. Palmer seemed so gentle with her,
almost caring and tender. At the same time he was subjecting her to unthinkable
humiliations and exposure. Francine feared him for the power that he held over
her, detested him for shaming her so thoroughly, and yet somehow felt safe with
him nearby. The slender gray-bearded man was a mass of confusing contradictions.
As he used the towel on her body she watched his eyes as they flickered over her
body.

  As if sensing her thoughts he paused and looked straight into her eyes.

  "I won't let anybody harm you, Francine."

  "Thank you..." was all she managed to choke out before she looked down from
those eyes in shame.

  He continued pat-drying her with the towel. "Oh, they'll touch you, and
they'll tease you, and they'll even spank you. I'm sure lot's of them are going
to want to do that. But you won't be really harmed, and you won't be raped." 

  As soon as he finished drying her he placed his hand on her bottom and held it
there while he waited for Jacob and William to finish brushing the stage dry.
His hand felt warm on her bottom and it almost seemed that he held her cheek,
well, possessively. As if it were the most natural thing in the world for him to
be doing. Francine was stark naked, bare as the day she was born, trussed up on
display in the town square to be jeered at and ogled, and the man responsible
for her humiliation held on to her bottom as casually as if he owned it!

  "That's one more day, Francine."

  "Wha.. what??" she gasped out, eyes suddenly wide.

  "One more day. You relieved yourself before you had permission, so now it's
one more day. After today is over you'll still have ten more days of your
sentence to serve. Right here... stark naked and on display."  The Executioner
had his eyes locked onto Francine's and a half smile on his lips as he spoke.

  "But...but... no! You can't be serious. I... I... I'll die!"

  "You'll die of shame, Francine, that much I can promise you. But your body
will stay healthy and alive. Squirming so deliciously for the crowd! Humping and
pumping! Wiggling and dancing. And oh, how you'll beg! You'll beg to be untied.
You'll beg for it all to end. You'll beg for the privilege of emptying your
bladder before the crowd. You'll beg for the people to stop looking at you.
You'll beg for orgasm...  Oh, you'll die of shame a hundred times a day, but
think of all the pleasure you'll bring to the people."  The Executioner was
speaking softly into her ear now. Almost blowing the words in her ear. Softly,
taunting her. Words meant for her ears only. He lightly caressed her soft gray
hair as he continued:

  "You'll be the subject of many a wet dream, Francine!  What do you think the
men will be thinking? Can you see how much they want you? Does it embarrass you
to know that you are still an object of lust, of desire, even at your age? Can
you imagine what they all would like to do with you? Boys will be picturing you,
naked, squirming, begging, as they do what aroused young lads do in the privacy
of their beds. What delightful dreams they'll have! What images you'll provide!
And the girls and women! What will they be thinking? Will young girls be
silently squeezing their thighs together as they giggle nervously at your shame?
Will women fantasize it is they who are up on the stage, on naked display, only
to shudder and gasp and be thankful it is you instead of them? Will anyone want
to punish you themselves? Fondle you? Stroke you? Tease you? Tease you a lot!
Gloat over you, and laugh, to increase your shame? Perhaps I'll let them...

  Francine's teeth began to chatter and her knees shook. Her clitoris throbbed
almost painfully, stiffening, poking out even further. The Executioner
continued...

 "Everyone's watching you and weaving their own private fantasies, Francine! And
you deserve it! Your crime was atrocious and shameful, and so will be your
punishment."

  "Jacob... William... I think it's time we changed her position a bit."

  The two young men glanced at each other, then back at Francine. Then they
walked towards the naked woman...

(end of part 8)




Francine - Part 9

by Dr. Phil


 Francine's teeth began to chatter and her knees shook. Her clitoris throbbed
almost painfully, stiffening, poking out even further. The Executioner
continued...

 "Everyone's watching you and weaving their own private fantasies, Francine! And
you deserve it! Your crime was atrocious and shameful, and so will be your
punishment."

  "Jacob... William... I think it's time we changed her position a bit."

  The two young men glanced at each other, then back at Francine. Then they
walked towards the naked woman...

  The young assistants pulled Francine's arms behind her and tied her wrists
tightly behind her back. Then they forced her to her knees on the stage. Using
their hands they forced her knees wide open and had her sit back on her heels.
With her hands tightly tied behind her back, her breasts were once again thrust
out towards the crowd, which began crowding closer to the stage to view this new
display. The laughter and giggling began to quiet down as the crowd once again
stared hungrily at the displayed woman before them.

  "No! Go away, please!" whimpered the mortified woman, but her plea went
unanswered. Francine's legs were left unbound so she self-consciously began to
close her thighs together to hide her opened sex. This was the move that The
Executioner was waiting for.

  "No you don't!" he shouted loud enough for the crowd to hear. "We'll have no
modesty here."

  With that he grabbed the back of Francine's head and pulled it forward and
down till it rested on the stage. This thrust her bottom up high into the air.

  Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!.. Slap!

  He gave her upturned bottom ten hard, loud spanks, causing her to bounce and
rock.

  "Oww!! Nooo!! Stowwwwp!" she cried as she squirmed.

  The Executioner grabbed her round bottom cheeks, one in each hand, and pulled
them widely apart, holding them there to expose her anus to the crowd at the
rear of the stage.

  "Mr. P-Palmer! Please! Nooo!" she cried.

  After a full minute of this exposure he spanked her ten more times and then
pulled her back upright to her original position.

  "Knees open... wider.... wider!" he threatened. Francine sniffled and
complied.

  "The next time you close your thighs I'll bend you over again and let the
townspeople spank you. Would you like that!"

  "Yes! Yes!" shouted a few of the people in the crowd, volunteering their
services and laughing.

  "N-No..." sobbed Francine.

  Her bottom, which had begun to fade in color, was once again a bright burning
pink.  The Executioner took some more of the rouge and carefully rubbed it onto
Francine's nipples, touching them up a bit too.

  Francine sobbed in shame as she knelt there, rosy-assed, pink nippled, and
spreading her thighs widely to once again display her opened vagina and
clitoris.

  The Executioner brought a large cup of water to her lips and ordered her to
drink it all. Francine shook her head and kept her lips tightly closed.

  Without a moment's hesitation he placed the cup on the stage, grabbed her
head, and bent her forward again. Her bright red bottom cheeks once again popped
up into the air.

  "Josephine! Would you care to do the honors this time?" he asked the returning
woman. She had changed her dress and returned to watch the proceedings.

  "I'd love to, but I've got something better to use than my hand." She opened
her pocketbook and pulled out a hairbrush.  The Executioner nodded and Josephine
climbed up on stage.

  "N-no! No!!! Not her! Please Mr. Palmer! Please!" wailed Francine in despair.

  Josephine walked behind Francine and chuckled as she saw the flaming red
bottom sticking up in the air.  With a smile on her face she placed the
hairbrush against the doomed bottom and rubbed it around a few times, then
delivered the first loud spank.

  "Owwww!!!!" yelled Francine as the backside of the brush slapped against her
own already sensitive backside.  "Oww! Oww! Owww!"

  Josephine taunted her as she wailed her squirming bottom.

  When she'd laid on ten good swats The Executioner stopped her. "That's enough
Josephine. Thank you."

  "My pleasure, Mr. Palmer. Call on me any time!" she snickered as she left the
stage.

  The Executioner lifted Francine back up and again made her spread her thighs
wide. Her bottom stung so much that she had to lift it slightly off her heels,
showing the full curves of her mature bottom to the crowd. It was quite red.  It
matched the cheeks on her face and her ears and chest quite nicely as Francine
shuddered in the pain and the shame. She looked up and saw Josephine's widely
smiling face.

  Once again The Executioner lifted the cup of water to Francine's lips and said
"Drink it all up, Francine."

  Francine paused just a moment but then opened her mouth and let the cool water
be lifted to her lips. She drank long and heartily. She didn't realize it but
she actually was quite thirsty.  The water spilled out of the corners of her
mouth and down the sides of her neck as she gulped it down. When she finished
she gulped lungfulls of air down and regained her composure. She looked up in
time to see The Executioner with another large cup of water.

  "You're not done yet, Francine. I don't want you dehydrating out here. Now
drink it all down."

  Francine accepted the second cup and drank it down, pausing several times to
gulp down a few large breaths of air, but eventually finishing the second cup.
Her belly felt very full, almost bulging.

  "Now, you're to kneel like that with your thighs spread as wide apart as you
can until it's time for the next position."

  Francine obeyed the order and knelt there, hands tied behind her back, breasts
jutting outward, her vagina stretched wide open for all to see, her bottom
lifted slightly off her heels. Pure naked woman flesh. Bountiful breasts capped
with rouge-pinkened nipples and a blazing red bottom. She suffered the taunts
and catcalls of the crowd as she recognized face after face, jeering her,
pointing at her sex, her nipples, smiling, laughing, elbowing, wanting...

  Several times over the next hour Francine let her thighs close slightly. Each
time it was the crowd that gave her away. "She closing her legs! Mr. Palmer!
She's closing her legs!"

  Each time, The Executioner bent her forward, raising her naked rear into the
air, and asked for volunteers to spank her. One time it was the same young lad
that she had teased with her legs who was convinced to come up and slap her
bottom with his bare hand. He was cheered on by his friends. He couldn't keep
the silly grin off his face as he spanked Francine's squirming backside to their
shouts of encouragement.

  Twice more she was given cups of water to drink and, as time passed, the need
to urinate was again upon her. She held on as long as she possibly could, then
pleaded:

  "Please Mr. Palmer. I need to go again! Pleeease???"

  "Not just yet, Francine. Here drink another cup. I'll let you go in, let's
see... fifteen minutes. You'll have to hold it till then."

  "Please! I can't last another fifteen minutes!" Francine was panic stricken.

  "I'm afraid you'll have to, Francine"

  Francine began squirming her hips. Kneeling as she was it appeared to be a
strange sort of kneeling belly dance as her torso rotated and shook. Her breasts
jiggled and bounced, bringing a fresh round of applause and more catcalls.
Somehow ten minutes passed.

  "Please, Mr. Palmer. I can't hold it another minute!" she begged.

  The Executioner looked at his watch.

  "You'll have to hold it five more minutes, unless you want yet another day
added onto your sentence."

  "Nooooo!" wailed Francine. This couldn't happen again. She grit her teeth and
began jiggling in earnest. Another two minutes passed. Francine's bottom was now
clenched so tightly that the space between her bottom cheeks was just a straight
line. Her hips were dimpled from squeezing. A minute later she began shaking. 
The crowd yelled that she was closing her thighs again. Without hesitation The
Executioner bent her forward again and gave her upturned bottom five more loud
swats with his palm. Francine's bottom shook and shivered. She thrust her pelvis
forward and back and around in circles. It was an incredibly erotic site and the
crowd appreciated it. The Executioner used his strong hands to part her clenched
rear cheeks and show her bottom hole to the crowd. They applauded wildly.

  Another half minute passed and he let her straighten back up. Her bottom was
jiggling and shaking. Suddenly she heard The Executioner tell her she could
relieve herself. She almost didn't believe it!

  "Come on, Francine. You can release it now, or would you rather try holding it
another 15 minutes?"

  "Nooooooooo!" she screamed, arching her back and bending slightly backwards.
Her hips were raised as she let out a tremendous spray of urine.

  "Ahhhhhhhhhh!"  She'd made it! She couldn't believe it, but she'd made it! She
was deliriously happy for a few seconds as she sprayed upwards and outwards. Her
joy lasted only a few seconds until she realized the lewd spectacle she was
making of herself. But she couldn't stop. The stream kept going, and going. It
slowed down a bit for a few seconds, then a second burst caused her to moan and
groan as she shot her fountain across the stage. She could hear applause and
laughter. And through all that she could hear her own spray hitting the wooden
boards of the stage like the tinkle of a summer rain.

  When she was finished she hung her head low, exhausted, breathing heavily.
From the corner of her eye she saw The Executioner approach. She looked up at
him as he spoke to Jacob and William:

  "Okay boys, clean her up again. Time for a new position..."



(end of part 9)




Francine - Part 10

by Dr. Phil


  When she was finished she hung her head low, exhausted, breathing heavily.
From the corner of her eye she saw The Executioner approach. She looked up at
him as he spoke to Jacob and William:

  "Okay boys, clean her up again. Time for a new position..."

  Once again Jacob and William pulled out the mop and bucket and began wiping
down Francine and mopping the wooden stage. Francine stayed put, still breathing
heavily from her ordeal. Her body gave occasional tremors as she stared blankly
out at the excited crowd. The Executioner took a few more photographs. Francine
briefly wondered what he was going to do with all of those pictures, but quickly
put it out of her mind when she noticed his assistants untying her arms and
moving her to a new position.

  The box was about three feet high and sanded smooth on all sides. The top was
about a foot and a half wide and two and a half feet long. They placed it so
that the longer side was facing the front of the stage, and the crowd.

  After she was untied, William picked her up in his strong arms, cradling her
like a baby, and placed her on the top of the box. At first she tried to sit up,
but William gently but insistently pushed her upper body back so she was lying
on her back. Her head was on the top surface but the box ended at the small of
her back, and her feet dangled over the end, facing the noisy crowd. William
held her down that way while Jacob grabbed one of her legs and began to lift it
up and back, bending her knee. Suddenly Francine knew what her next position
would be...

  No. It couldn't be. Even after all she had been through, they couldn't
POSSIBLY be preparing her the way it seemed...

  "No-no-no-no Noooooo!" she shook her head in denial, but the strong young
hands of the assistant made the intention quite clear as he continued bending
her leg back till it was nearly touching her breast. Once it was folded back he
swung it out sideways. He held it there while he placed a small piece of rawhide
around her lower thigh, right at her knee. He pulled the rope down and tied it
off to a small handle on the side of the box. Then he walked around and did the
same to her other leg, attaching it to the handle on that side.

  As he was tying off her other leg Francine began thrashing her head back and
forth from side to side:

  "No. No. No. No. No..." she repeated over and over, shocked at what they were
doing to her. Jacob pulled each of her arms down to the side and tied them to
rings on the side.

  "No. No. No!!!" she wailed.  No woman should ever be placed on display like
this! No matter what her crime! Her knees were not tightly tied, so she could
move them, but there was not enough slack to let her straighten her legs out
more than an inch or two, or to close her knees. Francine realized the position
she was in, and what a sight she must be...

  Turkey position! She was presented like a big plucked turkey. Her head and
neck were supported on the top surface of the box, but her round hips were
hanging over the front edge, lifted a few inches, and spread wide! The soles of
her bare feet pointed out at the gasping crowd. Her shaved vagina was spread
obscenely open, and the position pulled open her pink inner folds. Once again
her clitoris was standing up straight and alone, poking out and up as if it were
standing up and looking at all of the people staring at it. Her anus was pulled
open and the soft breeze tickled her there, feeling cool.

  Francine's beautiful gray hair was now matted with sweat against her forehead
as she shook in her bonds. Her plump little belly bulged up slightly between her
spread thighs and her breasts were flattened out against her chest. The two
cheeks of her bottom were round and split like a pink peach, hanging there like
an offering, tantalizing the men in the crowd.

  Gasps shot out from the crowd, along with nervous giggling. "Oh my Lord!"
could be heard from the women. "How can she stand being shown that way? I'd
simply die!!"

  Francine simply died of shame right then and there. Her face and neck and
chest turned a bright red, even redder than the cheeks of her bottom. She sobbed
and shook her head from side to side as she listened to the comments of her
friends and neighbors. She could only imagine how obscene she looked, spread
that way. Her clitoris felt as if it were three inches long, stiff and dark red,
shamelessly poking out from the folds that should normally have hidden it away.

  William gently placed his muscular arm around the back of her neck and tilted
her head upright. In his other hand he held a large tumbler of water with a
straw in it.

  "Drink up, Francine. Mister Palmer doesn't want you to dehydrate out here.

 Then he placed his lips closer to her ear and whispered: "And you're going to
put on a lovely show for us!"

  Francine refused the straw as she tried to twist her head away. All of a
sudden she felt a sharp pain on her right bottom cheek, like the stink of a
hornet, and a loud "SLAP" could be heard.

  "Oh!!" she jumped, then watched as The Executioner delivered a similar slap to
her other bottom cheek.

  "Owww!!"

  "Drink up, Francine, or I'll spank you the rest of the afternoon and into the
night."

  "SLAP! SLAP!  SLAP!  SLAP!"

  "Owwwwwww!" she twisted and writhed, but eventually she accepted the straw
between her lips and began sucking down the cool water.

  "SLAP!"

  "More Francine. Keep drinking till it's all gone."

  "SLAP!"

   Francine quickly sucked all of the water down. The William offered her more
of it. She gulped that down too and then William gently laid her head back down
on the table.

  Francine could peer out over her little belly, between her legs, and see the
crowd. There was spontaneous laughter and a few shouts from the young boys.

 

  Another two hours and six glasses of water later and Francine was once again
squirming with the need to relieve herself.

  During that time she was constantly touched and teased by Jacob and William.
Some of the citizens were allowed to come up on stage to get a closer look and
have a few words with her. Comments of "Slut" and "Whore" and "You're getting
exactly what you deserve!" were hurled down at her from the angered faces of
several of her neighbors. Others simply stared down at her and smiled smugly,
moving on with little derisive snorts and giggles.

 Francine began squirming her hips helplessly on the table. She needed to pee
very badly now. The crowd cheered as they watched her twist and gyrate on the
table. She squirmed so beautifully! Her bare feet were moving in little circles
with her toes clenching and unclenching. Her knees moved up and down like tiny
strokes of a bird's wings.  Her hips were lifted off the table and squirmed
around, trying to hold her bladder. Eventually she began pleading to be allowed
to urinate.

  "Please, Mister Palmer! I need to relieve myself. Please!"

  "I don't understand. Do you need to pee?"

  "Yes. Yes I do. Please!"

  "Then say it. Say you need to PEE" and he emphasized the last word. "Say it
loud so everybody can hear you."

  "Ple-eee-eese! I need to PEEEEE!".

  "Louder Francine. We can't hear you back here!" shouted a gruff man's voice
from the middle of the crowd. This was followed by much laughter from the
audience.

 

  "PLEASE! I need to PEEEEEE. Oh Please..." This was greeted with laughter and
merriment.

  The Executioner looked at Francine.

  "I'll let you pee in... hmmm... 15 minutes, Francine."

  "Nooo! I need to go NOW! I need to go NOW!!" pleaded Francine.

  "But you're wiggling so delightfully Francine. Surely you don't want me to
deny your friends such a lovely sight! And we're going to make things a bit more
interesting."

  William opened a small drawer on the back of the box and took out three long
feathers.

  "Now for the REAL show!" he said to Francine. He gave feathers to Jacob and
The Executioner and the three of them bent to their work...

  William began tickling her ears and ear lobes with his feather, while Jacob
went to work on the soles of her feet.

  "Now remember, Francine. If you pee before I allow you to, I will add another
day to your punishment."

  With that, The Executioner bent over and began very delicately brushing his
feather over Francine's helplessly protruding clitoris. Around and around and
across the top, teasing at it over and over while Francine gasped and gyrated.
Faced with this onslaught it was nearly impossible for her to continue holding
her bladder, but somehow she did. She must! She squirmed and writhed. She lifted
her hips up as far as they would go and began shaking them back and forth,
trying to escape the feather.

  William occasionally moved his feather from her ear lobes to her nose, and
then down to her rouged nipples. For him it was a smorgasbord of delightful
targets. Jacob moved from foot to foot, tickling her soles and toes, drawing
some of her best reactions from the very center of her sensitive soles.

  "Five more minutes, Francine. Keep holding it." The Executioner warned as he
relentless teased her poor unfortunate clitoris. It had nowhere to hide. She was
wide open and the little thing was a perfect target. Francine moaned and writhed
in indescribable torment, but she held her bladder.

The crowd cheered and clapped and urged the three tormentors on.

  Jacob and William needed no urging. They were having the time of their lives.
Both remembered Francine from when they were little boys. How prim and proper
she was! How she loved to lecture the boys about their bad behavior and
humiliate them. How she loved to grab young William by the ear and twist it as
she lectured him about his conduct. How she loved to tell his mother about any
little misdeed that he or his young friends would commit, taunting them about
the licking they would get from their parents when she told them. And she always
told on them. Always.

  "Noooooooooooooooooooooooo...." sobbed Francine. She had died of shame and now
she was in hell. Tormented beyond belief. The need to release her bladder. The
need to stop the tickling. The need to... to orgasm! All her needs were denied
and she shook her hips and thrashed her breasts from side to side.

  "Now, Francine."

  "Wh-what?" she gasped.

  "Now, Francine. You can pee now," said her chief tormentor quietly.

  "AAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" All three jumped back out of the way as
Francine humped her hips as high up as she could and let loose with an enormous
fountain of urine. Up, up it went as the crowd gasped and laughed. The spray
reached its peak and then sprinkled down on the still peeing naked body of
Francine. She humped her hips upward and yelled like an animal as she continued
peeing upwards.

  "My God!" gasped a woman near the front as she realized what was happening.
"She's.. she's.. she's orgasming as she's peeing!"

  As unbelievable as this sounded, that's exactly what Francine was doing. Of
all the shame that she had been put through during the day, this was the low
point. Francine grunted and groaned as she spasmed in orgasm and sprayed her
urine high into the air before the unbelieving crowd. When it finally ended she
collapsed back down on top of the box and panted heavily and noisily. She began
to catch her breath and that's when she heard it. It began slowly then turned
into a thunderous ovation as people clapped and cheered. The whistles and
catcalls told her in no uncertain terms that everyone there knew exactly what
had happened. They'd seen her orgasm as she  publicly released her bladder in
front of the whole town. Once again, for at least the tenth time so far that
day, Francine died of shame.

  They say that there's no rest for the wicked, and there was no rest that day
for the wicked Francine. They didn't bother to wash her down this time but
instead immediately started filling her up with water again. The next two hours
were more of the same, except that they began teasing her with the feathers
again almost immediately. Several times they stopped to touch up her nipples
with more rouge, or to touch up her bottom with more smacks from their hands.
All the time they kept making her drink more water.

  While this was going on the townspeople began collecting wood and brush and
building a huge bonfire. With the coming of evening the town square took on a
festival atmosphere with vendors selling food items and balloons and
noisemakers. A drummer and a fiddler began playing music and children ran around
playing and yelling. On the stage, still tied atop her little wooden box,
Francine squirmed the evening away. Begging.

  The bonfire was lit and huge flames licked the sky. Young boys gathered around
the stage gawking at Francine and making bragging statements about how THEY
would certainly make her squirm! Girls giggled. Men laughed and sang songs. Most
women were just mad at Francine, but a few couldn't help calling out to her
about how she looked. The dried urine was making her itch and as if all that
wasn't bad enough, she had to pee again. It was getting real bad and as The
Executioner saw the telltale signs of squirming, he insisted that she drink more
water.

  Word went out that the "fountain" was ready to spray again.  The musicians
played a gay song and people began crowding around the stage once again. The
squirming was the best part and nobody wanted to miss it. William and Jacob had
turned their feathers over to a couple of teenaged boys who were having a grand
time with Francine's nipples and feet. One or the other would occasionally get
in a few swipes at the protruding clitoris, but for the most part they avoided
that magic little digit. As if resentful of being ignored, it seemed to stick up
even higher, as if to call attention to itself... as if begging for an
occasional touch of the feathers.

  Francine began bucking her hips again and pleading for permission to pee. The
Executioner noted her use of the word with satisfaction and told her she could
relieve herself in 15 minutes. As Francine moaned through clenched teeth The
Executioner turned to face the audience, addressing them in a loud clear voice.

  "Friends and neighbors. Thank you for being here today to help in the
punishment of Francine. Believe me when I say that your presence here has made
this a truly remarkable punishment indeed. We all have to make a choice every
day of our lives. A choice to live as respectable human beings and good
citizens, or to give in to baser instincts and act like wanton animals. Francine
decided that she wanted to give in to her lusts. She didn't want to be
respectable, so we have taken that away from her."

  "The judge has sentenced Francine to a minimum of 10 days punishment and
exposure. While I'm sure she has enjoyed all the attention she has received
today, it is impractical to keep her here like this, day and night, for the rest
of her sentence."

  Francine heard his words and a slight hope went up in her. He was going to end
her sentence early! This was it. This was going to be the end! A disappointed
murmur went through the crowd as they sensed the same thing. The Executioner
held his arms up to calm them down.

  "Wait a minute. The judge REQUIRED that Francine be punished this way for a
minimum of 10 days. He did not REQUIRE that they be ten days in a row."

  The crowd stopped its grumbling and people began murmuring. Did he mean what
they thought he meant? Francine's heart sank. The Executioner continued.

  "At midnight Francine will have ended her first day of punishment. Because she
relieved her bladder once without permission I have exercised my right to add an
additional day to her sentence, which means she has ten more days to serve.
Francine will be untied at midnight and escorted home. Tomorrow morning she will
be in her shop again, as usual. On Sunday she will be in church. She will spend
the next month being a model and chaste citizen. But on the last Friday of next
month she will report to my office at 8:00am, prepared to serve her second day
of punishment."

  The crowd gasped. Francine screamed out "Noooooooooooooooooooo!" as she
realized what was happening.

  Addressing Francine he warned her. "You will return, Francine. You will show
up to work at your shop each day and you will not try to run away. If you do we
will catch you and bring you back and you will then become a PERMANENT fixture
in our town square. I guarantee that you will not like that."

  Cheers and whistles of approval began to break out. The Executioner waited a
few moments for it to calm down and then he continued speaking.

  "Francine will be punished ten more days, as she was punished today. On the
last Friday of each month she will report to my office to begin her day. If the
weather is bad then we will do it on the Saturday. This will continue each month
until October. After that it will be too cold outside so we will all wait until
the coming of spring and on the last Friday of April we will begin again. Right
now that means that Francine's punishment will end on the last Friday of next
August."

  More cheers and whistles went up from the crowd.

  "I see this as good for the town. As word spreads, people from all around will
come here to witness the spectacle and take part in the activities. This will
bring more business to our town and to our shops. Francine will serve as an
example. She will be a continuing reminder of what could happen if we disobey
the laws of decent society. She will live among us, but part of her punishment
will be in knowing that each person she sees will be waiting for the next
opportunity to see her in the town square."

  Francine was moaning and humping the air again. One of the teenaged boys had
given up on her feet and decided to mischievously concentrate his feather on her
stiff little clitoris. Francine's belly looked large from the water that her
bladder was barely containing. She moaned and sobbed and pleaded for release.
The Executioner looked at her and said: "Now, Francine. You can pee now."

  Her forehead drenched in sweat, Francine let out a wail and began squirting
her urine high into the air. The release started her climaxing again and the
crowd cheered wildly as she orgasmed and peed. The teenager who had been
feathering her clitoris was not quick enough to get away and wound up getting
splashed with her spray. The crowd laughed heartily and Francine, noticing him
backing away shaking the moisture from his arms and legs, felt a tiny glow of
victory...



THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





