BDSM Library - Moira




Moira
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave shamelessly disgraces her Master and is harshly punished. Only to at last come to truelly understand her place.
Moira

	Donas stood looking over the darkened city. Watching the lights from his
penthouse sanctuary. In front of him was a wall of windows with steel blinds.
Behind him lay a room done in smooth, cold black marble and red crushed velvet
furnishings. Moira had displeased him at his earlier gathering. Shamelessly
allowing his guests to touch her as they pleased. He would have to punish her
severely for her disobedience. He reached up and ran a well-manicured hand
through his two-inch light brown hair. As he dropped his hand to his side he
sensed her behind him.  The barest rustle of silk on marble had alerted him. He
already knew what she would be wearing. The gown he had bought her when she
first submitted to him. 
	A cream colored confection of the sheerest silk. Sleeveless with a
slight train that trailed behind her. Completed by the silver fastenings
spilling down the front of it.  It complimented her caramel complexion
perfectly. Her deep red hair and large brown eye's were all the adornment she
needed aside from her collar and cuffs. To Donas she was absolutely
breathtaking. As many times as he had told her this she still did not find
herself beautiful. He turned when he heard her stop at the stairs to the
windows. Donas knew she had been watching him, yet she demurely lowered her eyes
as he turned.

	"Do you want to say anything Moira? You are aware of the reason I
summoned you aren't you?"
	Moira dropped to her knee's with her forehead touching the floor. In a
sultry soft voice that always reminded Donas of dark chocolate she spoke.

	"I believe it is about your earlier meeting Master"

	"Correct slut... you disgraced me tonight ...I saw you" Donas growled
through clenched teeth.

	Moira felt her body jerk with a sensual shock at the sound of his steely
voice calling her a slut.
	
	" I was only doing what I thought you would wish... Master."

	Donas was through with Moira's thinly veiled lies. He grabbed her by her
hair and yanked her up to face him. Glaring into her eye's watching them fill
with fright.

	" What I would wish! How dare you presume such a thing. I want no other
touching you without my consent. You are mine and mine alone. That should be
evident by the marks and collar you bare. "

	Moira began breathing in small-frightened gasps. Her chest heaving
against his, her large eye's seeming even larger. Donas knew the fear was
because of him and he relished it. He twisted his hand in her hair harder and
was rewarded with a small cry of pain from Moira.

	"M...Master please." She pleaded more afraid of Donas than she had ever
been before.

	Donas smacked her across the face with the back of his hand. Jerking her
face to the side and causing tears to spring from her eyes. He released his hold
on her hair and smacked her again knocking her to the floor.

	"You were not given permission to speak... pet" He spat the endearment
as if it were an obscenity. He towered over Moira, as she lay sobbing and
shaking on the floor. He could feel his body responding to her tears and
helplessness. It was not the time for that.... Not yet. She still had many
lessons to learn before the night was done.

	In a voice husky with desire he addressed her. "Why do you make me hurt
you? I have done everything for you all I ask is that you submit to me. To your
feet Moira and tell me you love me."

	Slowly she rose to her feet. Keeping her hands tightly locked at her
sides to resist the urge to touch where Donas had hit her. She kept her head and
eye's lowered not wanting to risk the chance of angering him further.
	
	"I love you my lord and I am sorry for my transgression." Ever so slowly
she raised her head to look at him. Her stance rigid she came as close as she
would ever allow herself to looking him in the eyes.
	Donas stood studying her.. How she had managed to distance herself from
him without him even noticing she had moved. The crystalline tears flowing down
her cheeks, the way her body shivered like a leaf in a thunderstorm. He knew she
was filled with mixed emotions. She loved what he was doing to her... she needed
it. Yet at the same time Moira was frighten the combination of the two was
keeping her in a heightened state of arousal.

	"Go to my study Moira and retrieve the key on my desk... then bring it
to me... I will be waiting for you in the play room and be quick about it. You
know how I hate tardiness."

	Yes she knew all to well how he hated tardiness. She could still feel
the bruises on her back from the last time he felt she had taken to long.
Quickly she turned and glided towards his office. Donas stood watching her for a
moment then turned and made his way to the playroom.
	
	When Moira reached the door to Donas's study she turned to she if he had
followed her. Finding herself alone she entered and closed the door behind her.
She leaned back against the door and placed a hand on her chest. She felt her
heart beating wildly and her chest heaving.
	
	" I wonder how he found out. He wasn't even in the room. Did one of them
tell him? I must stop this and get back to him. He will be wondering what has
taken me so long."
	
	Moira ran to his desk and picked up the key lying there. After one last
glance around she left his study and ran to the playroom.
	Donas stood at the far end of the playroom idly swishing a riding crop
through the air. Thinking about everything he and Moira had been through up to
this point. He had always planned for her to see this next part of his penthouse
in her own time. But now she had pushed him too far. Moira would learn her
lesson tonight and for all time. Donas was snatched out of his thoughts when he
heard Moira approach.
	
	"I thought I told you not to be tardy Moira" Donas kept his voice cold
and distant.
	Visibly shaken Moira replied. "Master I...I tried not to be tardy...
forgive me please."
	
	"I suppose I shall have to since you are already in enough trouble. Come
here."
	
	Swiftly Moira crossed the room and stood before him with her head
lowered. She held her shivering in check and silently hoped that he would soften
as he looked upon her. Donas raised a hand to stroke her hair and she flinched
expecting him to hit her again.
	
	"Don't be frightened Moira. You must learn that I am your master and
care for you. I am only punishing you to make that clear to you."
	Once again he reached out, this time she stayed still and calm. Donas
ran a hand through her hair and pulled her close to him. He tilted her face up
and looked into her eyes. Then brought his lips down to cover her's.  Moira sank
against him and felt her knee's weakening. Angered he flung her away from him,
shaking his head.
	
	"No I will not allow you to soften my resolve. Go fetch the blindfold
pet."
	
	Moira crossed to a cabinet that was mounted on the south wall of the
playroom and removed the blindfold Donas often used on her. Then she returned to
stand before him holding out the blindfold and the key she had taken from his
study.
	
	He took both from her and slipped the blindfold over her eyes. He did
not want her seeing where he was about to take her until he was ready.
	
	"Now pet on your knee's I have some questions for you."
	
	Moira sank to her knees in front of him her head down.
	
	His voice thick with emotion he looked down at her. " Do you love me
pet? I mean truly love me? Do you trust me with all of your being? You would
never leave me would you Moira?"
	
	Moira shook at the passion she heard raging in his voice.  "Master I
love and trust you more than life it self. To leave you would mean tearing my
own heart out."
	
	He reached down and stroked her hair again letting his hand linger
briefly.
	"Good Moira I am going to test the limits of your devotion tonight.  You
do remember the safe word don't you pet."
	
	Moira nodded and replied. "Yes Master"
	
	"Good, now to your feet"
	
	Moira rose to her feet and stood waiting his next command. As she did
Donas turned and slid aside the picture behind him. Revealing a door, with the
key from his study he unlocked it. Turning back to Moira he took her by the arm
and led her through it. The room into which he had led her was resembled a
medieval dungeon. Moira let out a gasp feeling cold stone against her bare feet.
	
	"I haven't even touched you pet yet you gasp. I know the floor is a bit
cold. It had better be it took a lot to find someone to build this room." A
slight chuckle permeated Donas's voice as he spoke.
	
	Donas pulled her farther into the room and then stopped her. Moira's
breathing grew ragged with anticipation and fear. She couldn't even begin to
picture what he was going to do to her.  She felt Donas move around to the front
of her and begin undoing the fastenings that held her dress on. He kneeled to
undo the last remaining fastenings then rose and slipped the gown from her
shoulders.  Slowly he circled her trailing his nails over her flesh. He grinned,
pleased with his work when he came to the fading bruises on her back. He took
her arm again and led her to a chair. Donas pushed Moira down into the chair. As
her exposed flesh came into contact with it she arched involuntarily.
	
	"Now, now pet do try to control yourself. I thought you liked the touch
of cold steel." Donas chuckled again and began locking her wrists and ankles to
the chair. He rose to his feet and stood back to study Moira for a moment.
Pleased he returned to her side and removed her blindfold. Moira shook her hair
out of her face and looked around her. She began to shake openly as she surveyed
the room around her.
	
	"What do you think of my little secret pet? The toys in here look like
fun don't they?" Donas examined her with a grin splitting his handsome face.
	
	" Some of them master... but others look a bit primitive and
frightening. Like things used to torture enemies." Her voice shook with
concealed longing. She badly wanted him to finish this and punish her. But, she
knew better than to let him know that.
	
	Donas leaned down and ran a hand up her thigh savoring the feel of her
muscles twitching under his hand. When he reached her center he drew his fingers
over her already glistening core. With a sly grin he looked into her eyes and
placed his fingers on her lips.
	
	"Open up pet. Taste how excited the fear of what is to come has made
you"
	
	With a small sigh Moira opened her mouth and flicked her tongue over his
fingers. Cleaning them of her essence. Unable to pull her eyes from his she saw
them flicker with malicious delight. When she had finished Donas drew away from
her quickly and flicked the riding crop he was still holding over her painfully
erect nipples. The sudden unexpected pain caused Moira to cry out and arch
against her bonds. He repeated the action a few more times.
	
	"You little whore. You are getting much to excited. I shall have to do
something about that right now."
	Donas turned his back on her and walked over to a chest in the corner of
the room. After some searching he walked back towards Moira. In his hand were
three clips with small teeth on them. Also attached to the clips was a small
wire running to a box, which Donas held in his other hand. When he stood in
front of her again he placed two of the clips on each of her nipples. Tightening
them until the teeth were biting into her flesh. Moira knew better than to say
anything but she could not stop small sounds of pain from escaping her. Once he
was satisfied with the placement of the first two clips he stepped back to study
the pain on Moira's face.
	
	"Can you guess where this next one goes pet? I bet you can and your
dreading it I can see it in your eyes." Donas's voice had taken on a cold,
calculating quality. Leaning down he placed the third clip on the tiny,
throbbing nodule at her core. Sensing Moira about to cry out again Donas quickly
clamped a hand over her mouth. Her already pink flesh was quickly becoming
inflamed from the teeth piercing it.
	"Oh no, pet we can't have that you haven't even seen what the box does
yet." With that Donas stood leaving the box lying on Moira's thigh.
	
           He crossed the room to a wall of televisions as he turned them on
every room in the penthouse flickered into being . Moira let out a shocked
squeak finally understanding how he had known what she had done.
	
           " That's right you little cunt. I've watched everything you've ever
done since you've been here. I've heard every word you've said as well. All of
the thing's we've done I have on tape. I could show it to whom ever I wanted and
you would never know."
           Donas crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall.
Watching the gears in Moira's head work. Seeing her realize how badly he could
humiliate her if the urge struck him to do so. He picked up a remote ,and put
his hand on the back of a chair. Then he walked back over to Moira, picked the
box up off her thigh, and sat beside  her.
          
           "Now pet we are going to watch a movie starring  you. Co-starring my
business partners Sorren and Gregor. When we get to the parts I don't like you
shall see what this box does. "
          
           Donas leaned back and pressed a button on the remote. All but the
middle four television blinked out. The main room then appeared on the remaining
screens. Moira saw herself enter carrying a tray of glasses. She then saw Sorren
and Gregor enter through the main door. She heard herself offer them drink's and
saw them make their way towards her.  In her chair Moira cringed inwardly she
knew what was about to take place on the tape. On the screen Sorren moved behind
her and twisted his hand in her hair causing her to arch back against him. Just
then Donas pushed the button on the box he was holding. Causing an electric
shock to go through the clips. Moira cried out loudly and jerked in the chair,
her ankles and wrists pressing painfully against her bonds. Donas released the
button and she slumped into the chair. He brushed her hair out of her face and
continued the tape. Moira saw Gregor walk around to the front of her and undo
her dress exposing her breasts. She saw him fondle them and squeeze her nipples.
She remembered the pain he had caused. Donas growled and pressed the button
again, holding it down longer this time causing Moira to scream and beg him to
stop.

           Slowly Donas turned to her and smiled. In a soft almost contrite
voice he spoke. "Stop, now pet... we haven't even begun yet. You still have so
many more screams left in that beautiful body of yours and I mean to hear every
one of them."
          
           With that said he turned back to the screen. Sorren had moved a hand
around to twist her other nipple and Gregor's hand was under the bottom of her
dress. Moira heard him tell Sorren that she was hot and dripping. Then she saw
no more because her head jerked back sharply from Donas angrily holding down the
button. She could tell he had somehow turned up the voltage on it. Donas watched
her body strain and ripple with pain. Enjoyed the sight of her flailing and
trying to escape. The sounds of her screams and whimpers were music to his ear.
He held the button down a few moments more then released it. When he did Moira's
body slumped in the chair like a child's discarded baby doll. Donas noticed the
shackles holding her wrists and ankles were beginning to cut into her so he
decided to do something about that. He leaned over her glistening body and
fastened a belt around her waist fully securing her to the chair so she could no
longer flail so violently. Through this Moira sat with her head hanging limply
on her chest, moaning as waves of pain washed through her. Donas picked up the
riding crop and flicked it over her breasts causing Moira to jerk sharply and
pick her head up.
          
           "No, no you little cunt I told you we weren't done yet."  In clipped
tones full of malicious passion Donas berated Moira. He wrapped a hand in her
hair and forced her head up to look at him. "Are you having fun yet pet? I know
I am." Donas released Moira's hair and sat once again.
          
           On the screen Sorren and Gregor had pushed her to her knees in front
of them. Her dress open, with tears of pain streaming down her face Moira
waited. She saw Sorren start to her on the tape and heard Donas announced at
that moment. Donas held down the button, as on the screen Moira clasped her
dress shut and ran from the room eye's wide. Moira's body tried to jerk and arch
upwards but the strap around her waist held her firmly in place. All she could
do was toss her head back and forth wildly while shivering and shuddering
against  wave after wave of pain. Donas held down the button, and grinned as
animalistic growl of pain rippled through Moira's body. Donas stood looking down
at her sweating, twitching form. He released the button, removed the clips, and
left Moira trembling in the chair as he went and set up her next punishment.
          
           Moira breathed in large shuddering gasps, trying to get her body and
mind under control again.  She heard Donas moving around behind her yet did not 
even want to think about what was next. Donas maneuvered a large wooden X frame
to a place in front of some mirrors. Finally being satisfied with it's position
he walked over to the wall on his left , took down two whips , a leash and
walked back to Moira.
          
           "You look tired pet. Would you like me to stop and let you go to bed?
No, I think not... much to do pet.. much to do." Donas patted her hair and
chuckled with a sinister gleam in his eyes.
          
           "Master please I don't think I can take much more. I've learned my
lesson I swear." Moira pleaded with tear soaked eyes.
          
           Donas leaned down clipped the leash to Moira's collar and un-shackled
her. Straightening up he tugged on the leash pulling her out of the chair on the
floor. Causing a fresh shock of pain to go through her body.
          
            "To your hands and knee's pet. You're so pretty when you crawl. Look
at that beautiful skin of yours let's see if we can make it even prettier with a
few red welts shall we?" Donas pulled one of the whips from his belt, a small
leather thing with several braided lashes. He slowly drew  it across her back
causing her to shiver and pull away.
          
           Moira rose to her hands and knees looking up at Donas awaiting his
next command, shivering in pain and repressed passion. She hurt so much but
slowly as she had known it would the pain was turning to a different kind of
ache. Donas tugged on the leash again and Moira began crawling towards him. He
let her pass him a bit and  began walking beside her. Languidly he raised his
arm and brought the whip down on her back. Moira reared up crying out loudly
from the sudden shock to her already overloaded senses. He raised his arm and
dropped the lash across her back several more times. Each time flicking his
wrist hard to make the tips of the lash strike her with more of a sting. Moira
began crawling faster hoping to avoid the lash. Donas brought the whip upwards
from the floor striking her breasts and stomach. Moira had to clench her teeth
to keep from yelling out once more. Donas noticed the muscles in her jaw bunch
and chuckled.
          
           " Ahh so that's how you want to play is it? We shall see just how
long you keep up that resolve. To your feet Moira I tire of these games. It's
time we began your real punishment."
          
           Moira shakily rose to her feet her hand moved as if to wrap around
her stomach and she noticed the look of fury in Donas's eyes. Slowly she dropped
her hand and lowered her head. Donas jerked on the leash then began pulling her
towards the X-frame.
          
           He was so enraged, enraged yet turned on to an extreme he had never
felt before. He wanted to take her and use her so badly yet he would not allow
that of himself. She had to learn, he was going to make very sure that Moira
remembered this lesson for a very long time.
          
           Moira stepped up to the frame, raised her hands above her head and
pressed herself tightly against the frame. Donas stepped behind her pressing
himself forcibly against her. Driving Moira even closer to the rough wooden
frame. At the same time allowing her to feel the throbbing bulge in his pants.
Slowly Donas slid his hands up Moira's body till he came to her wrists. He
shackled her wrists to the frame then began sliding his hands down her body to
her ankles. Which he also shackled to the frame, leaving her spread-eagled and
completely exposed.
          
           Despite desperate attempts to close her legs Moira found it to be
futile. She had never felt so naked and helpless before. The feeling of her
Master's eyes on her was almost tangible. Her skin still tingled where Donas had
pressed himself against her. Stepping back Donas aimed a few strong blows at
Moira's backside with the flat of his hand. Jerking and crying out from the
anticipated blow Moira once again tried to soften Donas with her words.
          
           " Master please... I believe I have learned my lesson well. Let me
down from here so I may service you. I can tell that you need me now master,
it's a bit obvious."
          
           Meant to soften Donas's conviction the words only added fuel to the
fire blazing in his eyes.
           " How dare you be so impudent. You have not learned a damn thing yet
you fucking whore. But you will, oh yes you will. Forget the safe word pet.. you
lost that privilege."
          
           Donas pulled the other whip from his belt and draped it over Moira's
right shoulder. In the mirror Moira saw the cruel looking thing that was now
laying on her skin. Like the other it had many lashes to it. Yet it had two very
large differences from the first, some lashes were braided while others were
knotted.
          
           "Kiss it pet and ask for your punishment."
          
           Shakily Moira looked to the thing on her shoulder and laid her lips
upon it. Moira looked back at the mirror and in a quivering voice she spoke.
          
           "Please give me the punishment that I deserve and please make it
swift."
          
           Donas grinned wickedly and stepped back a decent distance from Moira.
He swung the whip back and forth through the air a bit. Letting it crack,
enjoying the way Moira jumped at the sound. Then just as she began to think she
could take no more waiting and would scream he struck. Moira had been
anticipating so long that the actual blow took her breath away. She could only
utter small squeaks and gasp's of pain.
          
           " And that's why you don't anticipate pet, you never know when I
shall strike. And Strike I shall pet, time and time again till I am satisfied."
With that Donas stepped back and swung the whip through the air again.
          
           Try as she might Moira could not stop her muscles from clenching.
Seeing this Donas placed several fast, viscous blows to her upper and lower
thighs. Moira let out a long low shriek of pain and pressed herself tighter
against the frame. The rough wood pricking her skin even more keeping her mind
centered on something besides the flames engulfing her. Donas slid a hand down
to his fly and lowered it quickly. While with the other he brought the lash down
between Moira's shoulder blades. Pausing in between each, to make sure she felt
each separate hit...of which there were twelve in all.
          
           Hearing the sound of her masters zipper Moira thought it was all
going to be over soon, that he would cure the terrible ache deep in her core.
She soon found out she was wrong. With one hand flailing his turgid member Donas
used his other to whip Moira. Primarily working on her back, thighs, and ass
Donas struck and struck again. Until he could feel the heat coming from her
scarlet flesh.
          
          
           Donas dropped the whip to his side for a moment and pressed himself
up against Moira. Again driving her body into the frame, his zipper scratching
her enflamed flesh. His rigid member pressing between her thighs, teasing her
liquid heat. Donas dragged his nails harshly down Moira's back causing her to
try and squeeze even tighter to the frame, wanting to pass through it and
escape.
          
           Donas grabbed a handful of Moira's hair, jerking her hair back he
hissed into her ear. "See in the mirror... how beautiful you are when your
screaming in pain. It's almost too much for me to take. The best part is knowing
that your screams and tears are for me. Knowing that deep inside you enjoy being
used like this. You want nothing more than for me to humiliate and harm you.
You're my little fuck toy aren't you?"
          
           Between gasps Moira replied. "Y.. y... yes M.. master"
          
           Donas jerked back on Moira's hair harshly. "No say it...say you're my
little fuck toy. Look at yourself when you say it."
          
           Moira raised her eyes ,looking at herself in the mirror she spoke.
"I'm you're little fuck toy master."
           "Good girl pet"
          
           Extracting himself from Moira, Donas stepped back again. Running the
lashes of the whip through his hand he surveyed his handy work. With a grin on
his face he brought the whip up from the floor. Hitting Moira in her unprotected
core a cry of pure pleasure and pain was torn from her lips. Again he brought
the whip up at the last second snapping his wrist so the tips of the lashes bit
into her soft, moist flesh. Six, seven ,eight, nine Moira lost count of how many
times her master struck her in this fashion. All she knew is that her body was
shuddering mightily, she was on the verge of climax.

           "One last time pet.. then I shall take what I want from you."
          
           Donas brought the lash up again this time angling it so it would
strike the nodule of flesh now sticking out of Moira's overheated core. Moira
let out an almost inhuman cry of pleasure as her body began convulsing even
fiercer. Two, three times Donas did this before shedding his pants completely
and stepping up to the frame. Roughly he kneaded her stripped ass. Taking some
of her essence he rubbed it into the small virgin opening between the soft
globes of her ass. Moira's climax had taken so much from her she at first didn't
realize what he was doing.
          
           "Master no ...you can't ...I ...I've never.... not that." Moira
pleaded through the after affects of her climax.
          
           Again Donas grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked. "Shut up slut,
I have kept myself long enough from this. I will be denied no longer, tonight I
take the one last vestige of virginity you have."
          
           With that said Donas forcibly slid the first three inches of himself
into Moira's tight nether region. Grunting with exertion Donas gave a huge push
and succeeded in burying himself to the hilt in her bowels. Moira bit into the
frame before her to keep from shrieking in agony. She felt his hair roughly
scratching her ass. He was in, she was hurting, but from the look on his face in
the mirror he was in heaven.
          
           "Mmmm even tighter that I had expected. You weren't lying when you
said you had never had it in your ass before. I'm going to enjoy the hell out of
this."
          
           Donas pulled his almost his full length out, then rammed it back into
her. He kept up this relentless pounding rhythm while cruelly twisting Moira's
nipples. Harder and faster he drove himself into her, biting at her neck and
shoulder making her hips work with his. Moira looked up into the mirror her face
was twisted with lust. Lust for sex, lust for torment. Donas swatted at the
soft, bruised flesh of Moira's ass as he drove into her, as if trying to force
all his anger and frustration into her body.
          
           Moira heard herself moaning, and crying out, animal sounds of
pleasure and pain, cries of torment and ecstasy beautifully mixed. She worked
her hips back into Donas as much as the bonds would allow. Clenching her muscles
tightly when he plowed in and releasing when he pulled out. She was in overload
and no longer cared what happened. As long as her master kept supplying such
amazing sensations. Just when she began to think she could not withstand much
more. Donas gave a howl of sheer lust that came from the deepest pit of his
being. He plunged his rigid staff as deeply as he could into Moira. She could
feel his thick, fiery essence fill her and overflow down the backs of her
thighs.
          
           Biting her neck savagely one last time Donas stumbled backwards into
the chair Moira was once trapped in. Breathing deeply, and hard he surveyed
Moira's bruised quivering form.
          
           " I love you pet, you were so strong. From now on all play and
punishment will be to this level of severity. However, displease me again like
you did and it will be worse much worse. How about we go clean up"
          
           Donas rose to his feet and strode to Moira, undoing the shackles
holding her wrists and ankles he let her fall into his arms. Moira was relived
when he picked her up and began carrying her out of the playroom. She did not
think she could have walked on her own. He carried her  down the hall to his
bedroom then through to the shower. Setting her down inside it he turned on the
water then climbed in behind her. They began soaping and caressing each other.
Moira looked into her master's eyes seeing the love in them brought tears to her
eyes. She knew that no matter what happened she would always be with him.
          
           "Never forget pet that we belong to each other"
          
           With that they climbed from the shower, drying themselves intertwined
they made their way to the bed and laid down in each others arms. Donas looked
down at Moira, and felt  his heart ache. He knew he had never been complete
before her.
          
          
          
           Fini




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ariana Myst


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





