BDSM Library - Shopping In Bizzare Store




Shopping In Bizzare Store
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: male sissyfied and in public humiliated and punished.
Shopping In Bizzare Store

I was dressed as a male, from head to toe. In one pocket of my suit I had a
quiet big amount of money, so I would be able to really buy a full outfit. The
worst thing was, that I knew, there would today follow a major humiliation.

Like that I went late that afternoon into the bizarre store. It's a kind of sex
shop, but with a major department for cloth. When I entered the store, there
where the two young ladies at the counter and one couple, as well as three men,
as customers. I knew, that it wouldn't change a thing, when I would first browse
the shop. Well, I had been in lousy situations before, but something like that
was still new to me. However I went directly to the girls at the counter and
told them as I was instructed. "Hi ladies. I am a sissyslave and I'm here,
because I have the order from my Owners, that I should buy a complete outfit
that matches a sissyslave". Well, the girls have known, that there are men
buying woman's cloth and probably they also have seen them try on the new stuff,
but out of their faces, which tried to hide a giggle, I saw, that this situation
was pretty new to them too. Now the blonde one took the lead and asked me for
details. All I could say to that was, that I needed all, from panties over
corsets to tits and wig. Now the blonde guided me to the underwear area. She
asked me for my size, but I had to tell them, that I would have no idea and
kindly asked her to measure me up. "I can't do that, when you are so completely
dressed she said. Why don't you be a good little sissyslave and go into the
dressing room to undress." I looked at her and wanted to respond, but before I
could open my mouth she yelled at me, so that the others in the store could hear
it: "This was an order, slut, so go and undress or you will have to strip right
here!" No more questions from my side. The other girls looked with a strange
view at her workmate, but didn't say a word. I went into the room and took off
everything. With my hands I covered my manhood, when the girl entered.

"Spread those arms out" she said with a commanding voice, so I did, as she had
told. "Turn slowly". I was so ashamed. To turn slowly in front of a unknown
woman and show her my completely shaved body. Without any other words she
started to measure me, when I had completed the turn. Then she left, leaving the
curtain half open and saying: "Don't move even a little bit". This was clear and
it took me quiet a lot of effort not to move, when I saw one male customer come
into sight and looking at me. So it was a big relief, when she returned and
handed me a corset, or better a waist chincher, as it's purpose was obviously to
shape the waist in a most feminine way. Closing all the hooks in the front of my
body was no tough task, but I got quiet some problems with the binding on the
back. Yes, I was used to it from my own corsets, so I just closed it as far as I
could without special effort and then wanted to make a knot. "Stop it. What do
you think, that this is tight enough ? Get down and I'll show you how it's
done". So down on all four I felt her knee on my back, as she pulled on the
cords and pulled the air out of my body. Breathing was getting pretty hard and
after she had made the knot, she took my male cloth in her hands and with the
words "you won't need those for a while and get up now" she left again.

It took some time to get up on my feet and when I stood, I could see the guy
still looking at me. He must have seen the whole scene. There she was again.
First I got a garter belt to put on, which only fit, because of the tight
binding of the corset and second to pull fishnet stockings up my legs and attach
them. Next she handed me some panties to put on. However, they where crotchless,
so she could have given me nothing instead as well. After I had them on, she
presented a pair of platform high-heels, but really very high once. I tried to
get me feet in and was surprised, that they fit so well. She had looked at my
shoes, after taking them away, so that's why they matched. Bright red shoes with
the black fishnet's looked really sexy.

They had a band around the ankle, that she closed and only when I heard a little
click, I realized, that they closed with a lock. "No way, you can take them off
without my approval, I suppose" was all she said and left again. The guys eyes
got bigger, when he saw me like that and I wanted to turn around, but on the
other side it also made me feel good. Too good, as now my member, that I somehow
managed to control for such a long time, started to get hard. By the time the
lady returned, it stood out like a pole. She saw it, but didn't care about it.
The bra was next. A very nice one, and it closed well on the back. Now she
started to stuff into the bra some false tits. They where at least a size D and
pretty heavy. Again the guys eyes almost popped out of his head, when she left
to get more stuff. Now it took quiet some time until she returned and just for
the fun of it I turned a little around to give the guy a better look at me.

When she returned, she said, that I obviously liked it to show myself to others.
"No Mistress" I replied. "Don't lie, I saw you showing yourself to the guy out
there". Now she added some ankle cuffs, made of steel and after I spread my legs
about two feet, a spreader bar was locked to them. "I will allow you the favour
of showing yourself, so move out to the store". "Mistress, I really don't
like.." "Shut up and move slut", she yelled and slapped me hard on my ass. Now
head turned. There where now two more male customers in the shop than before and
all in the store looked at me coming from the dressing room. She announced:
"This sissyslave is here for a new outfit and she likes it very much to be on
display. So feel free, to take a closer look". Everyone came closer and soon I
was surrounded by them. After several turns to show my dressing and erected
member, I finally got a top to put on. It was a very tight red latex top and
made my tits stand out in front of my body for everyone's amusement. Next came a
single sleeve on my back, where my arms went in. Like that they were now
completely useless and this was now the final point, where I felt like a real
slut. My last psychological piece of protection was gone.

"So what do you think, should we take care of that stuff down there, now?" she
asked the crowd, pointing at my manhood. Naturally a yes was the clear answer.
She returned soon and took first hold of my balls. A parachute was attached to
them, it had pins on the inside and when she hung the 6 pounds of weight to it,
they pushed into my balls and hurt a lot. Naturally I yelled in pain. "Shit, I
forgot something" and she hurried away. When she returned, a female face mask
with an open mouth was put over my head. To cover the beginning of it at the
neck, she added a neck corset. "This is our newest item", she announced and at
the same time pushed a pretty big cock shaped gag into my mouth. After closing
it on the back side she turned me around so I could see myself in the full
length mirror. Now I saw what she meant with new. The back of the gag was
coloured like red lips of a female mouth and the gag straps where in the same
colour as the mask. Like that it looked from a distance just very normal and no
one would notice the gag. Next was a blonde long haired wig.

"Well, not much left to do" she announced and started to fondle my cock. The
starting pain then made it clear. She added a corset to my cock with pins on the
inside. This she pulled completely close and from the pain my cock got softer
immediately. Now a little lock on the front of it to connect it down to the ring
of the parachute. Like that everything pointed straight down to the floor. "Oh,
I almost forgot", "what?" asked the other sales woman. "Well, I read about
sissyslaves in our publications and to complete their outfit, there has to be
done a little more". With no other words she left her workmate with a wondering
face. Soon she came back with more stuff in her hands. "The sissy is here,
because he's dressed as a slut, but the slave is still not completed. A slave
needs pain and he only has some on his cock and balls". She pulled my top up and
removed the false tits. Now she asked for a volunteer from the audience and the
guy that always had checked me out came forward. She handed him two clamps and
told him to add them to my nipples. So here they went and here came the pain.
Next the guy had to push the tits in again and so the clamps bend and hurt even
more. The top was pulled down. "Ok slut, bend over and take it like the whore
that you are". I didn't realize at once, what she meant, so she slapped me twice
very hard on my ass. "Bend over, or do you need an invitation ?". She didn't
leave out anything and all this should just be, because she had read about it ?
I wasn't so sure about that. However, I presented my ass now to the crowd and
obviously she had greased the intruder that I could feel on my back entry. She
slowly pushed it deeper and deeper until the thickest part was in and it got a
little bit smaller. Like that the butt plug would be kept in place. Still she
moved it a bit around and my cock wanted to get hard, but the painful
remembering of the pins denied that action. "It's to small. Will you please give
me the big one", she told her friend. After pulling it out again, I felt the
head of the other one. Yes, it was bigger, and I think they didn't have small,
medium and large, but that she meant with the big one the biggest in the store.
Now again that guy offered help and it was him, that pushed the dildo in, while
an other one held my shoulders, so I didn't fall over. I knew, that I was pretty
well trained, so I wouldn't tear apart, although it felt that way. Lucky me,
that I had that gag in my mouth or I would have yelled, that folks on the
streets would have heard it. I just wanted to rise again, when the plug was in,
but was stopped with a smack on my ass from her hand and the words "I didn't say
anything of getting up. You have such a marvellous position. I'm sure you would
like to get a free whipping as well, wouldn't you ?" "Mmmmpf" was about all that
left my mask. Now I had to wait again and soon could hear the introduction of
the different whips to the audience. "She loves to be whipped, so don't bother
to do it pretty hard. Ok, you go first". Whoever it was, that person had a
normal riding whip in the hands and I got 6 on each side. Then the next one.
Must have been bamboo or so. This made the dozen on each side full. Next the
flogger, then the paddle and so on. I had about 5 dozen on each side, when I
heard "Well lady, I'm glad, that you want to try it too. Just think of the
possibility to give back to that male all the nasty stuff they have done or said
to you". Now this lady had a cat in her hands. After another 6 on each side I
had to get up and then I got 6 on my front. Lucky me, that there was the leather
to cover me, but still it hurt from the pins that she hit and from time to time
one of the leather bands from the whip came through the underside and hit my
stretched balls. Then it was over and I got a nice and tight red latex mini.

Next she added a chain to the D-ring in my neck corset and pulled me behind her
to an other room, that is for personal only. At the same time she said to the
audience: "Well, the show is over and you are invited to browse around and do
your planned shopping, thank you". In the other room she quickly looked around
and finally found a hanger for the cloth on the wall. There she attached my
chain. "Don't go away, we haven't finished yet". She left and I was all on my
own.

After what seemed hours, she returned. First she took away the spreader bar and
the ankle cuffs. Then the chain was removed and I had do kneel down. Now I could
see, that both woman where in the room. While removing my gag, she said: "we
just closed the shop, so now we have time for you. Your outfit is paid and the
rest of the money is in your pocket. However, you will not need that cloth right
now". Then she started to ask questions. More and more. She really wanted to
know everything. After some questions the other woman also took part in the
conversation. Like that I learned, that she was fascinated about the theme and
had read a lot about it, but never had the chance or the courage to meet a real
slave and specially not a sissyslave. So I had to tell them what a slave can be
used for, how he thinks, feels and everything. Then I had to tell them about
situations that I had gone through and how I had felt the one today. Finally she
took a VHS cassette and showed it on the little TV in that room. What came into
view was me. It had been from the surveillance camera and now I learned, that
she had left the curtain open on purpose, because she knew, that like that I
would be filmed. Then she asked me, where I would live. I wasn't allowed to tell
them. All I could do was to give the handy number of my Mistress. She called in
the other room and what seemed to be an eternity she returned. She had learned a
lot from the Mistress and sat right in front of me on a chair. "That slut must
be a fantastic licker his Mistress said and I want to see that" she said to her
workmate. "Start". I could see now, that she wore no more panties and so I
lowered my head between her legs and started to lick. It didn't take long until
she came and this had made the other one hot as well, so she also removed her
panties and I had a second job. Just when I had finished, there was a knocking
on the door. She opened and a muscular boy came in. Both kissed him and he only
said: "so that's the slut?". Ok, I make it short, I had to swallow his cum as
well. Then they commanded me to stand up and while lifting up my skirt she said
"I'm sure you wouldn't have guessed, that a male can be such a good cocksucker".
The guy didn't know, if he should be angry or not, but after some explanations
from her, he checked out my outfit and finally.....I had to make him cum again,
before getting my gag back. The keys for the shoes where attached to the
parachute as well.

Then the other girl and the guy, both left the shop and the lady took me out the
backdoor and into the trunk of her car. We drove quiet some time. Yes, the store
was not very close to home. Somewhere she stopped, let me out and said, that is
the point, where your Mistress told me, that you will find your way. You are
invited to visit our store again and pick up your male cloth. She got in and
drove off. It took some time for me to get the orientation, but then I knew,
that I would have to walk about 5 miles in that outfit to the house of the
Mistress. It took me quiet long and everything was hurting, when I finally
reached the house and rang the doorbell with my nose. The Master opened after
some minutes, but instead of letting me in or releasing me in some way, he told
me to walk to my house and wait outside in the standing cage until he would come
tomorrow to free me. So off for an other 8 miles on the plateau high-heels and
some more hours in all that bindings.

Back at my house I had quiet some troubles to be able to open the standing cage.
It had a big hook to pull on the outside, but no way to reach it from the
inside. Like that I could finally open the door, go in and it closed
automatically. I would now be standing in there for the rest of the night,
because sitting down was due to the leak of space, absolutely impossible. The
sun was shining bright, when the Mistress finally arrived and let me out, but
only after I had told her the whole story, she released my hands and left. Like
that I could free myself and this hurt even more than putting the stuff on or
the whipping.

After two days I went back into the shop, dressed the same way. The facemask and
the gag could only be put on in the parking lot and I had to carry the single
sleeve in a bag. That day I had the order from my owners to pick up my stuff,
but that little fun is an other story.

Shopping in bizarre store

By sissyslave99@icqmail.com		comments are welcome




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sissyslave99


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





