BDSM Library - The Letter




The Letter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young professional man writes a letter to a powerful older woman and makes the mistake of his life. Humiliation. Four Parts.
                           "THE LETTER"

                           by: Dr. Phil

                              Part 1

  David Mills opened his mailbox and found the envelope among a few
bills and some junk mail. Although he half dreaded seeing it, it
also quickened his pulse with excitement. It had been over two
months since he'd ordered his classified ad and he'd wondered ever
since if he'd done the right thing...

  David had picked up one of those B&D newspapers at the adult
bookstore along with a few magazines. When he got home he undressed
and immediately flipped through the pages. As usual, the pictures
and articles made him hot as hell and he fantasized as he stroked
himself. More than half the newspaper was classified adds but he
enjoyed looking through them and reading the copy. That particular
night David found himself randier than usual. He pictured himself
in some of the pictures and articles. One picture showed a naked
man tied up and being abused by several women. It looked like his
ass had been whipped and he was wearing a collar.

  Usually David read till he ejaculated and then it was over. That
night he stopped before he came. He was still quivering with lust
and in a moment of weakness he grabbed a pen and paper and composed
his own ad. It read simply:

        `Young white male, 25 yrs, 5'6", slender, clean, well
        educated. Needs to become abject live-in slave of nasty
        woman. Begs for domination, humiliation, cages, etc. Very
        sincere. - NYC'

  He placed it in an envelope along with a check for $25 and
addressed it to the classified department of the B&D paper. Then he
ejaculated.

  The letter sat unmailed in his kitchen drawer for two days.
Finally, during another super-horny period, he grabbed it and
walked down to the corner. He held his breath and dropped it into
the mailbox. As soon as he did he felt relief that it was now out
of his hands.

  The next day he was embarrassed for having mailed it. `Oh God!
What if somebody sees it?' Well, that was pretty stupid. Of COURSE
someone would see it! Thank God all they would see was a number to
respond to. The paper would forward any replies to his home.

  `Oh no! What if the letters got mixed up and one of his neighbors
got them instead of him! Anything could happen! He should have
never done it. Maybe nobody will answer it...'

  Now here he was, two months later, holding a brown envelope that
he instinctively knew was forwarded mail. He carried it into his
apartment, tossed the other mail on the counter and carefully
opened the envelope. Inside were a dozen or so responses. Most
seemed to be from professionals. `Mistress so-and-so' with a photo
in leather, or whatever. Several business cards were included, some
even had rates on them.

  One letter stood out from all the others. There was a picture
with it of a normal looking woman. She looked to be about late
thirties and was dressed in normal street clothes. The typewritten
letter said:

        Dear Slave,

          I am sending this in response to your classified ad. I
        understand you are looking for a nasty woman to take
        control of your life. Well, I'm sure I'm bitchy enough
        for you. I live in New Jersey. I have a large home and
        own my own business, so I assure you I am an expert bitch
        and have plenty of time to prove it. I have been into the
        B&D scene for several years but always playful, with lots
        of restrictions. While these have been fun I have always
        wanted to own my own slave. To do with as I want! To let
        my dirty little mind run wild, and I've had some pretty
        wild fantasies over the years!
          You claim that you are looking for a live-in situation,
        and that you are serious. If you are really serious then
        so am I, but I warn you first: I can be VERY nasty when
        I'm horny. Maybe too nasty for you... If you are really
        serious, send a letter and a photograph to the P.O. box
        at the bottom of this sheet. Your letter should describe
        exactly how you wish to be treated, in as much detail as
        possible. Be warned, however, that if you do become my
        slave I will keep your letter and subject you to
        everything you've written! Still serious? I am. Now it's
        up to you...
                                            Donna


  David read the letter with trembling hands. Then he re-read it
and looked at the picture. Something about the self-assured smile
on the woman's face made him shiver. Was she for real? David had an
erection that was painful. He opened his pants to relieve the
pressure and his cock poked out of his fly. He decided to remove
all of his clothes and sat naked on the rug with the picture in
front of him. He began fantasizing about `Mistress Donna' as he
stroked his shaft. He began to picture his most outrageous
fantasies, fantasies involving great shame and humiliation. She
said she'd subject him to whatever he wrote, and this made him even
hotter. He had no intention of responding to the letter, however,
it wouldn't do any harm to actually write out a reply. He'd never
mail it but he could let his mind run rampant through the gutters
and pretend he would send it.

  David started to get up and go to the word processor in his
bedroom, then he paused. In a moment of perversion he decided to
crawl into his bedroom, still naked, and pretend that Mistress
Donna was making him do that. Crawling naked through his hallway
made him shiver with lust. His thoughts were wild! He crawled into
his bedroom, climbed up into his chair and turned on his machine.

  Still naked and with his dick pointing straight up and nearly
brushing against the keyboard he decided to let all his inhibitions
out. After all, this wasn't for real. He'd be as shocking and
perverse as possible. He got even hornier just thinking about it.
He thought for a moment, then began to type:

        Dear Mistress Donna,

          Thank you so much for responding to my letter. Attached
        please find a photograph and my address and telephone
        number.
          Yes, I am serious! You don't know how long I've
        fantasized about being the abject property of a beautiful
        woman. One who would use me for her own pleasure and
        force her will upon me.
          As far as restrictions, I don't have any! I want you to
        own me. I want to be your slave for the rest of my life.
        I only request, no, I humbly beg of you, not to involve
        any other men. Whether you choose to grant this request
        is completely up to you.
          I have been looking at your picture and fantasizing
        some of the things you might do to me. If it were
        possible for you to legally own me, I would do it. Since
        this is impossible I fantasize about selling all of my
        property, quitting my job, and becoming your complete
        slave, owning nothing, not even my own ass!  
          Please take me, Mistress Donna! Please own me. I need
        to be owned by a woman who is cruel and perverse. I want
        to be kept naked. Please put a collar and leash on me and
        make me crawl wherever I go. I even want be taken outside
        for walks where people might see me!
          Please tease me, Mistress. Keep me hard all the time.
        Tease me until I beg, then laugh at me and tease me some
        more! Show me no mercy. I want to be shamed horribly!
        Invite your friends over so they can see me. Make me beg
        and cry while they laugh at me. Put me across your lap
        and spank me while they watch!
          Mistress, there is a girl I work with, her name is
        Kathy Somers. She hates me because I made her look bad.
        She lost a promotion because of me and now we always seem
        to be at each other's throats. After I have been your
        slave for about a week, please call Kathy and invite her
        to your home. When she gets there, let her see me in my
        shame. Make me crawl out naked in front of her so she can
        laugh at me! Make me lie on my back and jerk off while I
        beg her to give me a spanking! Tell her that I am a slave
        now and that she can do whatever she wants to with me.
        She should laugh at me and tell me that she's going to
        tell all the other girls at work what happened to me.
        Kathy is to put me across her lap and spank me while I
        cry and beg her forgiveness. You would tell her that I'm
        not really sorry but that you are forcing me to say it.
        After she has reddened my ass the two of you will have
        lunch. I will be your entertainment and dance for you
        while Kathy laughs at my humiliation!
          When Kathy finally drives home you might tell her that
        she can come back whenever she likes and bring some of
        her friends with her. If she likes, perhaps you might
        loan me to her for a night so she can have a party with
        some of the other girls from work.
          Mistress Donna, I humbly beg you to punish me. I
        embarrass very easily so the punishment should be as
        degrading as possible. I am to be teased mercilessly and
        exhibited in my shame to laughing women. I am to be made
        to perform the most unspeakably humiliating acts for your
        and their amusement. You might further punish me by
        making me wear delicate little girls' clothes. I could
        greet your guests at the door that way and curtsy to
        them.
          Each night I am to be put to bed crying from the shame
        that you have put me through. My cock is to be kept hard
        and teased at all times. I am not allowed to cum often,
        and then only in the most embarrassing circumstances.
          Please accept me as your slave, Mistress Donna. I will
        do anything you command, sign anything you like, only
        please accept me!
                                             Sincerely,
                                             David Mills


  David was trembling as he finished typing the letter. His legs
shook as he opened his closet and took out his Polaroid camera. He
set it up on his bureau, set the automatic timer, and took a
picture of himself sitting on the edge of his bed. His hands were
shaking as he set the camera again and this time laid on his back
with his legs up and his asscheeks spread wide. His face was framed
between the vee of his legs.

  David watched the first two pictures develop. He used his middle
finger to lightly stroke the underside of his penis to keep himself
trembling in arousal as the images formed before him. He was
disgusted with himself as he saw how obscene they were. In a frenzy
he continued posing for more and more photographs, trying to outdo
himself for indecency in each successive photo.

  After two packages of film he was breathing heavily, wanting to
cum badly but still teasing himself. He was pretending that
Mistress Donna was there and ordering him to torture himself.

  David took the sixteen photographs and stuffed them in a manila
envelope. He re-read the letter he had written, then signed it and
added his address, home phone number, and work number. He included
it in the envelope, sealed it, and wrote Mistress Donna's address
on the front. He wasn't sure what the postage would be, probably
around fifty cents, so he took all of his stamps and put over $5 on
the envelope, just to make absolutely certain there would be
enough. He knew that if he waited till the morning to go to the
Post Office he'd chicken out.

  David pulled on some sweatpants and a tee shirt. He put on his
sneakers and walked swiftly out of his apartment and to the corner
where the mailbox was located. His teeth were chattering. His penis
was throbbing and begging for release. He opened the mail slot,
held the envelope there for a few seconds and, with trembling hands
let it slip from his fingers and into the box! It was done! He
couldn't get it back! She would get his letter and all those
photographs and his address and everything. She'd warned him that
she would do EVERYTHING that he wrote in his letter, plus more!

  David ran back to his apartment. When he got inside he pulled his
clothes back off and crawled naked into his bedroom.

  "Oh please, Mistress Donna!" he moaned over and over as his fist
flew up and down his penis. His whole body shook. Finally his balls
tightened. He felt beads of sweat on his forehead as he began an
incredibly forceful ejaculation. He caught some of it in his hand
but there was so much jism that it dripped down onto the rug. He
squeezed off spurt after spurt as he exhaled loud breaths of air.
Finally it was over. His body still shook with after-tremors, but
it was over. He got up and grabbed a couple of tissues to wipe his
hands and clean up the mess on the rug.

  David sat on the edge of his bed. He felt self-conscious sitting
there naked so he tugged on some underwear and his sweats. He sat
back down and held his head in his hands. "Oh my God... what did I
just do!" He tried to think of a way to get the envelope back, or
intercept it, but he knew it was too late. Donna would get that
envelope. She'd read his letter, probably laugh at it. She'd see
his pictures, each more disgusting than the one before, and each
with his face clearly shown! She had his signature on the letter
and his home address! He hugged his knees up to his chest and
trembled... It was Monday night.




                            "THE LETTER"

                             by Dr. Phil

                               Part 2

  Two nights later David received a phone call. He had been on edge
ever since he'd mailed the envelope, worrying about what might
happen. When he answered the phone he heard a casual but firm
woman's voice utter two words that shook him to the core:
  "Hello, slave."
  "H-hello, M-mistress Donna?"
  "Now who else would it be?" she laughed. "Did you send out
letters and pictures to anybody else? Hmmm?"
  "N-no, Mistress Donna. Just you!" David stammered. His voice
trembled as he tried desperately to think of some way out of this.
This was the woman he had written his letter to! She had read it
and seen all those humiliating photographs he took! He felt ashamed
even talking to her.
  "Get a pencil, young man, and write down these directions..."
  David gulped and scampered to get a pencil and a piece of paper.
When he returned Donna proceeded to give him explicit directions to
her home in northern New Jersey. It was only about an hour or so
away.
  "This is going to be your home from now on. You will go into work
tomorrow and tell them that Friday will be your last day. You will
write a letter to your landlord telling him that you're giving up
your apartment after Friday. Tell him he can keep anything he finds
there. You're not going to need anything here. Call the telephone
and electric companies and have your service disconnected. Go to
the Post Office and have your mail forwarded to my address
effective immediately. On Friday afternoon you will get into your
car wearing only a tee-shirt, pants, and sneakers with no socks.
You will not wear any underwear, watch, or jewelry of any kind. You
will leave everything you own in your apartment for your landlord.
You will then drive to this address. I expect you to arrive here at
exactly 9:00pm. After you pull into my driveway you will take off
your tee-shirt, pants and sneakers, leave them in the car, and
crawl up to my front door. You will not knock or ring the doorbell.
You will kneel there naked and wait for me to let you in. Do you
understand all this?"
  "M-m-missstress Donna" David stammered. "About that letter... I
don't know what got into me.. I... I'm sorry... I..."
  "WHAT! Didn't you hear a word I just said!" The sound of her fury
shook David to the core. He began to panic.
  "Yes, Mistress! I h-heard you. It's just that I'm not so sure now
that I... err.. that I..."
  "Listen to me, David" she said in a controlled but menacing
voice. "You don't have a choice in this anymore. I didn't get where
I am by being a nice person. I always get what I want. Right now I
have your letter in front of me. I also have all those disgusting
pictures in front of me too. Tell, me... did you jerk off after you
took these pictures?"
  A pause and then... "Y-yes, Mistress."
  She laughed. "I figured as much. And now that your dick isn't
hard anymore you're having second thoughts. Well it won't work. I'm
very rich, very bitchy, and, like I already told you once, I always
get what I want... one way or another."
  David gulped hard but didn't say a word.
  "I've made up a dozen copies of the photographs you sent me, and
a dozen copies of your letter."
  David was sweating now, and trembling. He held his forehead in
his hand and closed his eyes...
  "We can do this the easy way or the hard way. The easy way means
you will follow those instructions I gave you exactly and to the
letter. I'm going to give you a spanking on Friday night to punish
you for this little rebellion." 
  "There's also the hard way... I already had you checked out,
David. I know more about you than you'd believe. Don't make me send
someone to collect you. If I do, you won't like the way they do it,
and a lot of people you hold very dear are going to get a full set
of photographs plus a copy of your letter. Either way, you'll be
here. It's up to you which way you'll do it!"
  "Please, Mistress Donna. Don't do this to me! I don't know what
got into me the other night. Please!"
  "That's right, beg me! I love to hear you beg! You're going to be
doing a lot of that from now on! If you're a good boy I just might
grant you that little request you made in your letter. If I have to
have you picked up, well, all bets are off. It will be an
embarrassing pickup, I can assure you of that! Oh, and one more
thing, David. That girl at work you mentioned... Kathy Somers? You
might be interested to know that my personnel manager is calling
her tomorrow to invite her down next week to interview for a job as
a Marketing Manager in my company! Hahaha! Hell, if she's good I
might even give her the job! In addition to her other duties she
can also be Manager of David's Bare Ass!"
  "Oh, Mistress Donna. P-l-e-a-s-e don't do that! Please..."
  "I warned you! Now remember those instructions. Don't make me
send someone after you. See you later David...  "
  David sat there with the phone still to his ear. There was
silence on the other end. His eyes welled up as he slowly put the
receiver down. What was he going to do? He had to take her threat
seriously. Stupid him, he had put phone numbers and his address in
the letter. He even signed it. He didn't know how much information
she could have dug up on him but if she was rich and owned her own
company he wouldn't be surprised what she could get... If he didn't
show up she'd send someone to `collect' him! She made that sound
like something he'd want to avoid at all costs. The real shock hit
him when he began to realize that he really didn't have a choice,
and that beginning Friday night he'd be living at her house, as her
slave!
  David didn't sleep real well that night but the next morning he
got up in time, showered and shaved, and headed off to work. As he
walked through the corridors he looked around and was amazed to 
realize how many women actually worked there. He'd never really 
noticed before. Most of them smiled and said `Good Morning' to him 
as he passed. David got to his desk and sat down. The secretary, 
Phyllis, dropped a message off at his desk that she had taken just 
before he came in.
  "Hi David. Here's a call that just came in."
  "Thanks."
  "You don't look too good today. Are you feeling Okay?"
  "Huh? Oh, no.. I mean yeah. I'm okay."
  "You look white as a ghost. Maybe you should have someone take a
look at you."
  "Yeah. That's the problem..." he muttered to himself. Then to
Phyllis he said: "No. I'm okay. Didn't sleep well. Thanks."
  He put in an uneventful morning, though most of it was spent
dreading what he knew he had to do. After lunch he knew he couldn't
put it off any longer. He went in to see his boss and told him
tomorrow would be his last day. His boss was shocked at both the
announcement and the short notice. David apologized and said it was
a personal decision and he really regretted having to leave so
suddenly. In the afternoon he called the telephone and electric
companies and also typed a letter to his landlord telling him he
had to leave town and would be breaking his lease. He told him to
keep the security deposit and anything he found left behind in the
apartment after he left. David left work early so he could get to
the post office to leave a forwarding address and mail his letter.
He got home around 3:30.
  He felt almost in a daze as he carried out all of his
instructions and chores. He thought about being in New Jersey in a
little over 24 hours and could hardly believe all this was
happening so quickly. He went through his apartment checking on
things. He gathered up all of his magazines and newspapers and put
them in a bag to throw out. It would be embarrassing if anybody
found them. He took a small overnight bag and got some of his
important papers, his checkbook, and a few pictures of his family
as keepsakes. David sat in his living room and looked around. He
didn't have a lot of possessions but it was hard to just walk away
from everything.
  He ordered a pizza and watched TV. He wasn't sure when he'd be
able to do either of those again. At 10:00 he turned out the lights
and went to bed. David tossed and turned for over an hour, unable
to fall asleep. On one hand he was curious about what lay ahead. On
the other, he was absolutely terrified. He got up and turned on his
word processor, probably for the last time. He re-read the letter
he had written to Mistress Donna on Monday night. He paled and
shook as he slowly read it over and over again. How could he have
written all those things! Why did he ever mail it! He had been a
fool. He should have just beat off and gone to sleep but he had to
write that damn stupid letter! Around midnight he finally managed
to fall asleep.
  He woke up late on Friday. It was his last day. His last day as
a free man, so why bother to rush into work? He read the paper and
watched TV. Then he showered, shaved, dressed and drove into work.
He arrived around 11:30. Word had already spread that this was his
last day and people stopped him in the hallways to shake his hand
and wish him luck. He organized a few of his projects then
straightened up his desk and went to lunch.
  After lunch he was told to go to Personnel to fill out some
forms. On the way back he turned a corner and saw Kathy Somers
walking down the corridor towards him. She was walking fast, as
usual. Always trying to make an impression as a busy woman on the
move. She was twenty-four years old and was only a year out of grad
school. She looked and dressed the part of a career woman on the
way up. She had on a black suit, double breasted with a scarf
around her neck, and a skirt just above her knees. Her blonde hair
was shoulder length and even if she didn't despise David her
demeanor made it clear she knew she was well out of his league. She
looked hot all right, and she flaunted it. She looked at David and
slowed down, then stopped.
  "I hear today is your last day" she said, barely concealing the
lack of caring in her voice. She was still pissed at him but at
least tried to act semi-polite.
  "Uhh, yes." David gulped and fidgeted. He glanced up at her blue
eyes. She was looking at him as if he were an inconsequential worm.
  "Where are you going?"
  "Uh.. N-new Jersey..."
  Her eyes flashed for just a second. What a coincidence...
  "Oh well" she said. "Good luck. Maybe we'll see you around."
  David gulped hard. He knew that the next time she saw him around
would be under very different circumstances...
  "Kathy, I... err.. well.." He had to look away from her eyes. "I,
uh, guess I'll see you later... I mean.. well, goodbye."
  Kathy looked at him strangely. He saw those confident blue eyes
one last time, then she turned and continued walking down the
corridor. David watched her long legs and ass as it swiftly moved
away from him. Oh God! Mistress Donna wouldn't really... would she?
He sniffed and just walked out the door and drove home.
  David walked into his apartment for the last time. It was around
4pm. He lay down on the couch and napped till 6.
  When he awoke he looked at his clock and got right up. He'd have
to get moving to be on time! He undressed and put his clothes in
his hamper, then he showered and shaved again. After drying himself
off he selected a white tee-shirt and pulled on a pair of gray
sweatpants. He then slipped a pair of sneakers on over his bare
feet, grabbed his wallet and the overnight bag and stood in the
doorway. He glanced around one last time at all of his possessions;
all of his clothes! All he had now was the tee shirt, sweatpants
and sneakers that he wore, and he'd be leaving them behind in his
car when he got to New Jersey. When he entered Mistress Donna's
house he would have nothing - no money, no job, no clothes. He
flipped off the light switch and walked out to his car.
  An hour and a half later he was within a mile of his new home.
Mistress Donna lived in a well-to-do suburb; tree-lined homes with
big yards and long driveways. It didn't take him long to locate the
house. It was brick with ivy over the outside. He could see down
the driveway to where a Lincoln Town Car was parked. A brick
walkway led to the front door which was flanked by a rose-covered
trellis. According to the clock in his car it was only 8:30. He
wanted to make sure he was wasn't late but he had no desire to be
too early either. He sat there in his car and watched a few cars
pass by. Some bicyclers went past in the growing darkness and he
smiled as he watched the young girls in their tight riding pants,
but inside he was trembling. It was 8:45pm and he was just outside
Mistress Donna's house. He had quit his job, abandoned his
apartment and given all his belongings away. He couldn't believe he
was actually doing this, but he had no choice! Even if he ran away
he knew she'd somehow find him. And her threat to mail off copies
of those shameful pictures and his incriminating letter... he could
never allow that to happen!
  At 8:55 he started up his car and slowly pulled into the long
driveway. He parked beside the gleaming Town Car and turned off the
engine. There were lights on in the house but he couldn't see
anybody moving in the windows. Well, this was it...
  David pulled off his tee shirt and kicked off his sneakers. He
sat there for a moment with his thumbs in the waistband of his
sweats. The porch light was on and he noted with panic that it
illuminated the front door! David held his breath and pulled his
sweats down over his hips and down his legs. His penis was stiff
and his bare ass on the car seat felt perverse! He pulled the
sweats off his feet and placed them on the front seat. Slowly he
opened the car door. The interior light in the car startled him and
he immediately climbed out of the car and closed the door as
quickly as possible! He dropped to his hands and knees and knelt
there next to the car. At that moment he realized that out of force
of habit he had locked the car door. The keys were inside along
with his clothes! There was no turning back now... The sun had set
and it was nearly dark but the illumination from the porch light
and moon cast shadows over the front lawn. David knew he couldn't
stall any longer. He began crawling on his hands and knees towards
the front door. He felt so self-conscious he wanted to get up and
run, but he knew he had to continue. There was no place to run to.
He crawled up the front steps and knelt there in front of the large
wooden door. Anybody passing by on the street who cared to look
could see him there, illuminated by the porch light. He trembled as
he prayed for her to hurry up and let him in.
  Five minutes went by, then ten. He heard the bicyclers on their
way back home. He shook and prayed they didn't look in the yard as
they passed by. He was tempted to ring the doorbell, maybe she
forgot about him? Did he have the time right? After fifteen minutes
of kneeling naked on the porch he shuddered and began worrying if
he had the right house! Finally he heard the doorknob turn and the
heavy door swung open. His Mistress stood in the doorway! God, she
was beautiful! Her trim legs were encased in tight pants and her
hair and makeup indicated class and style. She smiled as she looked
down at him.
  "Well, it's David! And right on time, how nice! I hope you
weren't waiting out here too long. The neighbors are so nosey!"
  She held a collar and leash in her hands. The collar was small
and black and had `DAVID' etched on it. She bent over him and began
fastening it around his neck. As she bent over he was able to see
down the front of her crisp white blouse. Her perfume was
wonderful! He felt his already hard penis twitch as her hands
fastened the buckle under his chin. She then took the leash and
clipped one end onto the collar. When she stood up she smiled again
and said "I hope you like your new wardrobe. This is all you'll be
wearing from now on, even when we have company."
  She chuckled and used the leash to lead him, still on his hands
and knees, into the foyer. As she closed the door behind her he
heard soft footsteps and a girl around eighteen years old walked
into view. She had blonde hair and was dressed in faded jeans and
a sweatshirt. She looked at David and giggled.
  "Oh, I think I forgot to mention that my daughter Stacey is home
from college and will be here until the end of August." Stacey
smiled and said hello while David blushed.
   "You will obey Stacey. Next week she's having one of her
sorority sisters stay over for a couple of days and I expect you to
amuse them. Do you understand?"
  "Y-es, Mistress Donna" David blushed.
  "Put your head down on the rug, I want to take a good look at
you. Spread your knees wider, that's it! Hmmm... Not bad." She
poked him a little here and there as if she were looking over
livestock. "A little soft but I think Stacey and I can whip you
into shape."
  David groaned in shame as she walked directly behind him and
stared at his widely parted ass.
  "Stay just as you are and wiggle your ass for Stacey and me! Come
on, make it shake.  I said wiggle it! We want to see that
ass dancing in the air! Ahhh! That's better!" Both women giggled as
David's bare ass wiggled and shook as if a string were attached to
it. It was enormously embarrassing, especially with Stacey
watching.
  "Won't Kathy Somers enjoy seeing that!" Donna laughed. "By the
way, she set up an appointment for an interview on Wednesday
morning. I believe we'll invite her here for lunch afterwards!"
  "No, please!" David begged. "I didn't really mean that stuff I
wrote. I'd die of embarrassment if she were to see me. Please
don't! Please!"
  "Hahaha. Oh, she WILL see you! I promise you that! You're going
to look so cute crawling around on your leash while she laughs at
you! She may get disgusted and leave, or she just might enjoy
watching you humiliate yourself. Hmmm... I think I'll make you give
yourself a spanking in front of her!"
  David gasped then started sniffling. "Please  pleeease
don't do that to me. I'm sorry I ever wrote that letter ."
  David's pleading seemed to get Donna even more excited. "I'm
going to give her a copy of your letter. She should get a kick out
of reading it, especially the parts about her! I'll ask her to read
it out loud as you kneel before her! That reminds me. I think I
promised you a spanking tonight, didn't I?"
  "No, please,  don't give her that letter! Please don't!"
  Donna sat down on a straight back chair in the foyer. She patted
her thighs and indicated she wanted David to crawl across her lap
and lie there. David was still sobbing and didn't budge. This
caused Donna to angrily grab his leash and tug on it to get him
moving. As he draped himself across her lap she told Stacey to
kneel down in front of him and hold both of his hands in hers to
steady him. David's smooth white ass was perched on her lap and she
stroked it lightly with her hand, then she lifted her arm and began
spanking him hard and randomly on both of his cheeks. David didn't
know what to expect. He was surprised by how much it stung and he
began immediately to squirm and yelp. His penis was rock hard and
rubbed against Donna's pants as he squirmed to avoid her stinging
palm. As he squirmed around his thighs parted giving Donna a view
of his balls.  Stacey held his hands and giggled as he began
begging her mother to stop.
  Donna lectured him as she wailed his ass, using the slaps for
emphasis. She reminded him of the things he'd put in his letter.
She told him that this was no joke. His old life was over. He had
no job, no money, no clothes, nothing! She owned him. She would do
whatever she felt like with him and right now she felt like
spanking him. Tomorrow she might feel like leading him around in
her back yard by his leash! That should give her nosey neighbors an
eyeful! She laughed as she told him all the degrading things she
had planned for him. She thanked him for his letter because it even
gave her a few more ideas.
 
  Stacey held his gaze and licked her lips to tease him as she saw
tears welling up in his eyes. Between spanks she told him that her
mother had always warned her: "Be careful what you wish for,
because you just might get it." Right now, David was getting it!




                          "THE LETTER"

                            by Dr. Phil

                              Part 3


    For the next four days Donna enjoyed her new slave to the
fullest. As promised, she kept him naked and leashed on all fours
the entire time. Poor David was kept in a constant state of
arousal. He was allowed no chance to masturbate and Donna made it
clear that if he even attempted it she'd punish him very severely.
She enjoyed teasing him with threats of exposing him in the most
humiliating ways. She threatened to spank his ass red and tie him
up outside. This caused him to panic and beg and made Stacey laugh 
as she saw her mother wink at her. Stacey's presence made this doubly
humiliating for David. She didn't say much or make many demands on 
him but she was usually lounging around the house in jeans and 
sneakers and laughed whenever she saw him scurrying along the floor.

  Once Donna chased David around the house smacking his ass with a
long-handled wooden spoon. David crawled as fast as he could to
escape the stinging smacks but Donna caught up with him in the den
right in front of Stacey and wailed his poor butt good with that
spoon till he was reduced to sobs. When David looked up he saw
Stacey watching him and shaking her head slightly in amusement.
David's face turned nearly as red as his ass.

  Finally it was Tuesday night. Donna didn't need to remind him
that tomorrow morning Kathy Somers would be at the house! David
begged her once more to spare him from this ordeal but Donna
continued teasing him about what their meeting would be like.
 
  Just as she did every night, she tied him up on his knees with
his face to the floor and his hands attached to the back of his
collar so he couldn't touch himself during the night. She tied his
legs open with a spreader bar and positioned him so that his ass
was up in the air. This time, however, she gave him an extra
special teasing. She worked on his penis and ass until he was
literally vibrating. He begged to be allowed to cum. He pleaded
from the depth of his soul but she kept at it, over and over and
over again. So close... so very close to cumming, but she would
always back off just before he could manage to get over the edge.
She gave him his nightly spanking and left him like that in
Stacey's room.

  Stacey thought it was interesting to have a naked man tied up on
the floor in her bedroom. So openly displayed. His red ass was
still trembling and his cock was hard as a rock. She could almost
see the cum boiling in his ball sack as he knelt there. She asked
him a few questions about his life before coming here but his
stammered answers, uttered between sobs of frustration, were barely
understandable.

  Stacey got undressed to get in bed. This was the first time he'd
seen her without her jeans or at least a robe on. She stripped down
in front of him as he groaned. When she had just her pink panties
left on she blew him a goodnight kiss, climbed into bed, and turned
off the light. Not long afterwards he heard the unmistakable sounds
of her masturbating. She had slipped her hand underneath those tiny
little panties and was rubbing herself off while he knelt there
with a hard dick. He could see the covers move up and down and her
breathing got more ragged. She licked her lips and moved her head
from side to side and the bed vibrated a little as she got closer
and closer to her own orgasm. Finally she gasped and the bed shook
several times. This was it! She was cumming and breathing hard.
David whimpered as she finally caught her breath and regained her
composure. He heard her giggle then roll over onto her side. A few
minutes later he could hear her deep measured breathing as she
slept.

  David trembled as he knelt there in the dark. Knowing that Stacey
was nearly naked only a few feet away made his dick quiver as it
hung below his belly. He thought about his past life. Less than a
week before he was working in the Finance Department of his
company. He was young but well thought of and expected to advance.
He wore a suit and tie. Now all he wore was a collar and leash! He
had given up everything to become the abject slave of this powerful
woman he had met for the first time only four days ago. He was
teased incessantly and shamed in front of her eighteen year old
daughter. And tomorrow... tomorrow would be the most humiliating
day in his life! Kathy Somers, that stuck-up bitch from Marketing,
would get to see him shamed horribly. He would be paraded nude in
front of her, crawling on his hands and knees, with a LEASH on!
She'd get to read his humiliating letter to Mistress Donna. When
she read about how he'd fantasized about being degraded before her
she'd probably laugh in his face! Mistress Donna couldn't possibly
do that to him, could she?

  His dick was still tingling. He was shivering with lust. Each
night so far he'd considered trying to get himself off, but he was
always too terrified to try. Tonight the pressure was too great. He
slowly pushed his legs back and lowered his hips. He found that he
could almost touch the rug with the end of his penis! He pushed
back a little farther and found that by thrusting his hips he could
rub the underside of his penis against the carpet. The friction
felt wonderful! He continued thrusting and felt the underside of
the tip of his penis get warm from the friction. It tingled like a
mad itch being finally scratched! Each thrust brought a tightness
to his balls and the warm tingling grew along his entire shaft. He
was moaning now and his eyes were closed. He kept rubbing and
rubbing and moaning...

  "MOTHER!! Get in here quick!"

  The piercing yell startled David. His buttocks were clenched
tightly and his dripping penis was poised just a fraction of an
inch above the carpet. He'd been caught!

  Donna came storming into the room wearing her nightgown. She
hadn't fallen asleep yet and when she saw what David had been doing
she grabbed him by the back of his collar and yanked him back up to
his knees with a force that surprised and terrified the young man.

  "Ohhh, pleeease Mistress. I wasn't doing anything! I'm sorry!
Please! Oh God! Please!" He was terrified!

  "Oh! I don't believe what you were doing! You were warned, young
man! You were warned what would happen if you tried anything like
this, and you'll be punished severely!"

  "Please, Mistress, pleeeeease!" David's penis waggled obscenely
between his legs as he knelt and pleaded with the older woman.
  Donna pushed his head back to the floor and pulled his ass up
high. The spreader bar kept his thighs apart and his balls were
hanging halfway to his knees. She got up and quickly walked next
door to her room. A moment later he heard her come back and stand
behind him. Stacey's eyes were wide open as she watched her mother.
David felt a cool wetness on his asshole, and a finger. He suddenly
realized that Donna had put some kind of vaseline on her fingers
and she was lubing up his asshole! Her fingers moved away to be
replaced by a hard round object. It was pushing against his anus,
then rubbing up and down and swirling. He felt the muscles of his
anus give and suddenly the object was penetrating his asshole.

  "So, you want to cum, huh? Huh? We'll just see how bad you want
to cum..."

  All of a sudden David heard a buzzing noise. At the exact same
time the object in his ass began vibrating! Oh Please, No! She had
stuck a vibrator up his ass! She moved it in and out several times,
then used the vibrating tip to tease the rim of his asshole. The
buzzing was driving him crazy! At the same time he felt something
being slipped over his hard cock. It passed down the shaft till it
was next to his balls then suddenly tightened! David instinctively
knew what it was... a cock ring! It would prevent him from
ejaculating while Donna worked him over... and work him over she
did! David was taking in air in huge gulps, like a drowning man
just reaching the surface. His whole body shook as she tortured him
with the buzzing device. He'd give his soul to cum but she wouldn't
let him. She just kept working on him and taunting him.

  "I told you what would happen, didn't I? You're gonna be punished
for that, slave. Just wait till tomorrow! You thought it was gonna
be bad in front of Kathy Somers, huh? It's gonna be worse! By the
time I'm through with you.... ooohhhh... No man will ever have been
shamed the way I'm gonna do you! You'll squirm! You'll plead!
You'll never ever be able to even glance at that young woman again
without your gut wrenching in humiliation! You just wait!"

  "Waaahhhh! Please! Stop it! Ahhhhhhhhhhh.....! Help!" David's
balls felt like they were going to explode, they were so full. She
kept the buzzing tip of the vibrator on his sensitive asshole
despite his screams. He begged her to let him cum. He begged
Stacey!

  "Nooo... you're not gonna cum that easy!" She slapped his ass
with her free hand and continued the torment. "You wanna cum, boy?
Huh? Tell me, you wanna cum?"

  "Yyyyyesss! Please Mistress! Pleeeease!"

  "You'll cum alright, but not tonight! You'll cum tomorrow in
front of Kathy! You'll be on your back at her feet. Your legs will
be bent up and back and spread w-i-d-e! Your red cheeks will be
parted as you tug on your cock and cry and beg her to allow you to
cum! Your ass will be sticking right up and your asshole will be
sucking around your middle finger like it was a popsicle! We'll
take pictures that Kathy can keep and show to her friends! That's
how you'll cum!"

  "Ahhhhhh.... please, let me cum, let me cum, please...." David
was sobbing.

  Donna suddenly turned off the vibrator and put it down. She then
released the cock ring and she and her daughter smiled and watched
David twitch and beg. He had tears streaming down his cheeks and he
was crying and flicking his tongue in and out of his mouth. His
hips circled hopelessly with his asscheeks wide apart waiting for
the stimulation that would send him over the edge, but it never
came.

  "Good night, David. Think about tomorrow and Kathy Somers!
Pleasant dreams!"

  Donna grabbed the vibrator and stood up straight, then turned and
walked back to her own room. Stacey was still kneeling in front of
David, looking down at him. Her breasts were bare and upthrust. Her
thighs were slightly parted and she had a small wet spot on the
crotch of her tiny pink panties. David glanced up and saw her place
one hand back inside her panties. Her crotch was only inches from
his face as she began rotating her hips and rubbing her hand up and
down inside her panties. Her aroma was pure torment. His own hips
continued circling and thrusting helplessly as he watched her rub
herself off and heard her soft moans. Stacey used her left hand to
pull the front of her panties slowly down. David could see her
pubic hair and her long fingers rubbing her cunt. With a sigh she
wiggled until her panties were down around her knees, stretched
wide. David could see her entire pubic area and when she rotated
her hips he could see her ass. Her fingers rubbed insistently and
he could see wetness glistening in her pubic hairs. Her moans
became more insistent. David was humping away at the air now and
Stacey was watching him through her own slit eyes. She moaned and
sucked in air as she stiffened and started quivering. With several
gasps she clenched her ass cheeks and David could see more wetness
on her fingers and cunt hair as she came.

  When she was through she placed her wet hand right under David's
nose and told him to lick it clean. He was still humping air and
moaning as he obeyed her and licked her fingers like a puppy. She
laughed at him as she watched him lick.

  "Good night, David. Sleep well. See you in the morning!"

  Stacey stood up and pulled her panties all the way off her legs.
She placed them over David's head so that the wet crotch was right
against his lips and nose. Then she patted his ass and climbed back
into bed. Within fifteen minutes both women were sound asleep, but
David was still dry humping the air and sniffing Stacey's aroma. He
thought about Kathy Somers and the things Donna had threatened and
he shuddered. He sobbed in shame until, exhausted, he finally fell
asleep.

  David awoke in the morning with a raging hardon. Stacey's panties
were still over his head and face and he had no feeling in his arms
and legs. He knelt there remembering the previous evening and
waited until he finally heard the sounds of Stacey awakening. She
stretched luxuriantly and yawned. When she looked over at David she
giggled, then swung her legs over the side of the bed and got up.
She was completely nude and she swayed her hips a little as she
walked over to him and pulled her panties off of his head.

  "Well, good morning David!"

  David groaned as Stacey began untying him from his cramped
position. He immediately stretched out and felt the pins and
needles as feeling slowly returned to his limbs. Stacey was
crouched down just before him. Her thighs were parted and her naked
pussy was about a foot from his face. He couldn't help look at it
and this made Stacey laugh.

  "You ready for some breakfast David?"

  David just moaned but he didn't look away from those spread
thighs.

  "Come on, David. Lick me. Eat my pussy out. Do it good or you'll
get a spanking..."

  David moved his head between her thighs and stuck his tongue out.
He felt it touch the lips of her cunt and his dick jumped a little.
He hesitantly reached out his hands and cupped the underside of
Stacey's ass, pulling his head closer in and licking at her from
the bottom of her slit to the top.

  "Ooooh Yeah! Eat me, David. Gobble me up!" Stacey enjoyed the
feel of his palms on her ass and his tongue was getting her juices
flowing. She watched his ass begin thrusting as he licked with more
and more abandon. He was like a starving man and her pussy was a
delicious steak. He made sucking and licking noises and moaned as
he thrust his hips. Stacey put her own hands behind his head and
held him tight against her cunt. Her own knees began getting sore
from her squatting so she sat down on the floor with her knees
apart and used her hands to pull his head down. She lifted her hips
up slightly.

  "Lick my ass too, David! Lick it real good! Mmmmm! Don't forget
my cunt. Lick the whole thing. Harder! Faster! Ooohhh!"

  Stacey wrapped her knees tightly around his head and stiffened as
she came on his face. After she regained her composure she wrapped
her fingers in his hair and rubbed his face up and down along her
sticky crotch. He had her juices all over his nose and lips as she
finally let him go then stood up. She stretched her arms above her
head and showed off her trim figure and her firm tits. 

  Just then Donna knocked on the door and came in. When she saw
Stacey and David she figured out what had been happening and
smiled.

  "Well, it's about time you got with the program Stacey!"

  Stacey smiled sheepishly and disappeared into her bathroom. Donna
attached a leash onto David's collar and began leading him to her
own bathroom.

  "Let's go, David. We've got to get you cleaned up and
presentable. Kathy will be here in just a few hours. You do want to
look good for her, don't you?"

  "Oh, please Mistress Donna. I beg you. Please don't show me to
her. I'd die." David looked pathetic, but that only fueled Donna's
horniness. She slapped his ass gently and said:

  "Oh, come now David. I know that you really want her to see you
and laugh at you. You told me so in your letter, remember? There's
no way you're getting out of this. As a matter of fact, you're
gonna get a lot more than you bargained for. I told you I was
nasty! I can't wait to see the look on her face when she first sees
you!"

  She tugged on the leash and led him into her own bathroom. She
told him to sit on the toilet and relieve himself while she waited
and watched. After he eliminated and wiped himself she made him
crawl into the tub and kneel there on all fours as she filled it
with water. Using a soapy sponge Donna proceeded to scrub him down.
She knelt beside the tub and talked to him as if he were a child or
a skittish animal. She soaped him liberally between his legs and
asscheeks, wanting to make sure he was squeaky clean. As her sponge
slipped between his legs to clean his scrotum and stiff penis she
saw him shudder and she loved what she was able to do to him!

  After she was satisfied that she had missed no spots she took the
hand-held shower massager and hosed him down. David climbed out of
the tub and knelt there as Donna towel-dried him. She led him into
her room and made him lie on her bed, face up and spreadeagled.
There was a plastic sheet underneath him.

  "We want to make sure Kathy can see everything you've got so I'm
going to shave you, David."

  David whined a bit but didn't move. Donna used scissors to trim
his groin hair as short as possible, then took shaving cream and
lathered him up. She then carefully scraped all the hairs away
until he was smooth as a baby down there. She took more cream and
repeated the process with his legs, arms and chest. When she was
through she made him flip over and she took care of his back and
even pulled his asscheeks apart to get at the small hairs that hid
there in the crack.

  "Get off the bed, David, and kneel on the floor. Sit back on your
heels and fold your hands against your chest. She proceeded to
shave his face and neck. As he knelt there David felt his body
tingling all over. He had been shaved in places that had never been
shaved before and he felt more exposed than ever. He was completely
hairless, totally denuded, except for the hair on his head. Donna
chuckled as she picked up a pair of scissors and grabbed his head.

  "No..... what are you doing!!" David panicked.

  "Shut up, David. Don't make me repeat myself or you'll pay
dearly, I promise!"

  David's lips quivered as he felt her grab lock after lock of his
dark brown hair and snip it as close to his scalp as possible. He
watched it fall all around him as he heard the snips of Donna's
scissors. After a couple of minutes she picked up an electric
shaver, like one a barber would use, and began shaving his head
till nothing was left but a little fuzz. More cream was lathered
onto his head and he felt the scrapings of her razor. David cried
openly as he knelt there before her. Donna hummed a happy little
tune and giggled as she shaved him completely bald. When she was
through she made him get on all fours then called Stacey in to view
her handiwork.

  Stacey entered, dressed once again in her jeans and a tee-shirt.
She bent over hysterically when she saw David kneeling there at her
mother's feet. He was nude, and completely hairless! He still wore
his collar with `DAVID' lettered onto it and her mother held the
leash that was attached to it.

  "What do you think, Stacey?"

  "What about his eyebrows, Mom? Looks like you missed a few
hairs."

  Donna slapped her hands together loudly. "That's right! You're so
observant, dear!"

  The two women crouched down in front of David and used tweezers
to pluck out the hairs of his eyebrows. David winced a bit but
eventually it was done. Donna then took an eyebrow pencil and drew
some replacements in. As long as she had her makeup kit out she put
a little moist pink lipstick on him and applied some blush to his
already blushing cheeks.

  "That's terrific, Mother!" Stacey clapped her hands in glee.
  Caught up in the excitement of preparing him, Donna grabbed some
baby oil and rubbed it all over his white skin so that he had a
slight sheen. Stacey painted his fingernails and toenails with red
nail polish. When they were finished they made him crawl to the
closet door so that he could see himself in the full-length mirror.

  "Oh God! Nooooo!" David sobbed. "Have pity on me, please! Don't
let anybody see me like this!"

   Donna grabbed her camera and began photographing him from all
angles. It was a good thing that she hadn't put any mascara on him
as it would have been ruined by his tears.

  "Kathy will be here in about an hour, David. Do you recognize
this?"

  David looked up and saw his overnight bag swinging from Donna's
hand. She must have found it in his car. He nodded, still
sniffling.

  "Didn't I warn you not to take any possessions with you? Didn't
I!"

  "Y-yes, Mistress."

  Donna opened the bag and dumped out its contents. She threw his
drivers license and checkbook into her wastebasket. Likewise his
wallet and personal papers were also casually discarded as
inconsequential.

  She pulled out the pictures of his family and laid them on the
floor in front of him. There were pictures of his mother and
father, pictures of each of his two sisters, his brother and his
wife, and several pictures of his three nieces who looked to be
about nine, thirteen and fifteen.

  "Look at those pictures, young man! With very little effort each
one of them will get a complete collection of wonderful snapshots
of you, along with copies of your letter. ALL of them, do you hear
me? Even the children!" I'll send them updates on a weekly basis
too, so they can follow your descent!"

  "Noooooo.... pleeeease....." David sobbed. He turned his head and
shook.

  "Look at them I said! Now, I'm going to tell you what I want you
to do when Kathy gets here, and if you do it real well, if you
convince me of your sincerity, well maybe I won't mail any
pictures. Now don't test me, boy. You did that once and you're
going to pay the price for that in less than an hour. Don't
underestimate me!"

  "Oh please, Mistress. Don't shame me like this!  I.. I'll do
whatever you say, but please have pity on me, pleeease!"

  "I'll have no pity on you whatsoever, David. I'm going to shame
you in front of Kathy like nothing you ever dreamed of! Now listen
closely. I won't tolerate a single mistake..."




                         "THE LETTER"

                          by Dr. Phil

                            Part 4

  
  About an hour later Donna opened her front door to greet a
middle-aged man and a blonde young woman.

  "Hello Donna, this is Kathy Somers. Kathy, this is Donna Lavin."

  "Hello Kathy, nice to meet you. Won't you come in?"

  "Kathy and I have had a nice conversation back at the office.
She's a very impressive young woman, Kathy. I'll leave you two to
have lunch but I've got to get back to the office. Donna will have
somebody bring you back when you're through. Nice talking with you.
Thank you for coming."

  "Thank you, Mr. Landowski. It's been a pleasure."

  Donna welcomed Kathy in and closed the door. They went into the
living room and sat down and Donna proceeded to ask Kathy questions
about her background and experience. After about twenty minutes of
interviewing, Donna leaned back and smiled.

  "Kathy, I suppose you must have wondered how we found you to
invite you to come down for an interview."

  "Actually, yes. I figured you got my name from someone but I
wasn't going to ask."

  "Well, we got your name from David Mills."

  Donna paused a moment to let that sink in. She noticed the
surprise on Kathy's face and also noticed how she tried to cover it
up.

  "Well, err... that was very nice of him. Actually, David left a
week and a half ago. I guess he must have been interviewing. I'm
happy that he passed my name on."

  "David is right here." Again she watched Kathy's surprise. "As a
matter of fact he's in this house right now, in one of the other
rooms. I'm going to bring him in here in a few minutes."

  "Kathy, Jim Landowski said he was very impressed with you. Your
credentials are quite good. You lack management experience but I
tend to think you're up to the challenge. As far as I'm concerned
I'm going to ask Jim to offer you the Marketing Manager's position.
I think you'd be terrific at it."

  "Thank you, Donna. I'm very flattered and I guess a bit surprised
that you moved so quickly on this."

  "Kathy, I'm going to show you something and I'm not sure how
you're going to take it. Before I do I want to assure you that we
are indeed very interested in you and even if you get up and storm
out the front door, the offer is still open."

  Kathy looked bewildered at this, and a little apprehensive too.

  "David Mills is living with me in this house." She smiled as she
saw Kathy's eyes widen.

  "He quit his job, gave up his apartment and came here to live
with me a week ago last Friday. He brought nothing with him. He
owns nothing. As a matter of fact, I own him. He told me about you
and I was curious enough to invite you down for an interview. I'd
like you to see David now. Like I said, this has nothing to do with
the job offer. It's personal between David and me. I hope you'll
keep an open mind."

  Kathy's face showed her confusion and her apprehension. She knew
now that something was going on. She wasn't prepared, however, for
what was about to happen. Donna clapped her hands twice and yelled
out to Stacey to bring David in. Both women heard a loud sob
followed by some whispering and then a smack. The door opened and
Stacey stepped through holding onto a leash. Following right behind
her, on his hands and knees, a nude and hairless young man crawled. 
He was looking right at her...

  "My God! David?" Kathy held her hand to her mouth and gasped.
  David had been told exactly what he had to do. Although it shamed
him to the core, the penalty for disobedience was too terrible to
even consider.

  While Kathy was staring in disbelief, David crawled up to the
couch where the two women sat, lowered his head and kissed Donna's
shoes. Then he kissed Kathy's shoes.

  "Hello Miss Somers. I'm so glad you could come. I'm going to get
a spanking now, would you like to watch?"

  Kathy looked down at David, not believing what she was seeing.
She looked sideways at Donna and saw the older woman watching her
intently, and smiling. Kathy was confused. On one hand she was
appalled by what she was seeing. On the other hand, it was deeply
sensual, seeing a man stripped naked and even shaved, crawling on
his hands and knees... and getting a spanking. The fact that it was
that creep David Mills made it even more interesting.

  She considered leaving. That's what she should probably do. Donna
said that the job offer would still be hers, regardless of what she
did. Donna was obviously into this scene. One thing was sure, it
wouldn't be dull working for her! She glanced down at the pathetic
creature who was crouched at her feet. Then she smiled like a wolf...

  "What the hell, sure. I'd love to see you get your ass whipped,
David!" She smiled at Donna then turned her attention back to
David. Donna looked at David and nodded her head, indicating that
he knew what he had to do.

  With a sniffle, David turned around so that his ass was facing
the couch. He turned his head and put his face down on the rug. He
spread his knees wide apart and then began rotating his hips and
thrusting back and forth as if he were humping the air. His widely
parted ass was facing the laughing women and they snickered as they
watched it do a little dance in the air. He reached back with one
hand and began smacking his own ass as Donna urged him on. After a
few minutes of this incredible shame he rolled over onto his back
right in front of Kathy. He spread his knees wide apart on the
floor and bent his legs till the soles of his feet were touching.
He grabbed hold of his raging cock with the thumb and two fingers
of his right hand and began pumping as he stared right into Kathy's
eyes and begged her to give him a spanking!

  "Don't you dare cum, David. Unless you want this shameful display
to continue outside. Wait until Kathy gives you permission, and
keep begging her."

  Donna then gave Kathy a sheet of paper. It was a copy of David's
original letter to her. She asked Kathy if she would mind reading
it out loud as David squirmed at her feet. With a giggle she gladly
obliged. She coughed and laughed as she read his words about being 
spanked in front of Donna's friends and being teased. When she got 
to the part about her -- `Please let her see me in my shame.... put 
me across her lap..... borrow me for a party... friends from work...' 
she had to put the letter down and stare right at David, who was 
still squirming and begging her pitifully.

  "So this is what you really wanted? All those times you were
acting like a real shit to me at work, you wanted me to spank you???"
Kathy laughed cruelly as David had tears streaming down his face.
Kathy put the letter down and patted her lap.

  "Let's go, David. Climb up here and lie down across my lap. I'm
going to give you what you've always wanted! I'm going to give you
what you deserve, you sick little bastard!

  With an effort, David let go of his throbbing penis. He glanced
at Donna who nodded, then he slowly got up and draped himself
across the lap of Kathy Somers! Kathy adjusted him so that she was
comfortable. She wrapped her left arm around his waist to steady
him. She felt his stiff penis against her thighs and she resolved
to move him around a little as she spanked him to keep him lightly
rubbing against her. She raised her right hand and brought it down
on his small ass with a loud smack. David squirmed and rubbed his
penis against her. She made him apologize to her and beg her for
each additional slap as she spanked him over and over. David was
sobbing, more from the shame than from the pain. He squirmed around
on her delicious lap but she held him securely and continued with
the spanking.
 
  She taunted him and belittled him for what he had become. She 
laughed and told him that she couldn't wait to tell all of the girls 
back at work just what had become of him. With Donna's permission 
she might well have some of them over her place for a party, with him 
as the serving-boy. They should all get a real kick out of that! 
Imagine! Four years of college and two years of hard work to wind up 
being the naked slave of a powerful woman! He'd never drive a car 
again, never put on a tie and go to a job again, NEVER ever be 
respected for anything again. The rest of his life would be spent 
squirming naked across a woman's lap, or crawling around and wiggling 
his bare ass for the amusement of her daughter and friends. And she 
would think of him once in awhile and laugh, knowing what he was going 
through.

  "Kathy, there is another `perk' that goes with your job offer. If
you accept my offer and come to work for us, you'll be invited over
here often whenever I have parties to show David off. In addition,
I'm willing to give him to you one night a month... He'll be your
very own slave. You can make him do whatever you like. He can clean
your house or crawl around it naked while your friends watch. You
can tease him all night or tie him up and whip him. It'll be up to
you. He'll be yours one night every month. Wouldn't that be justice?"

  Kathy paused in her spanking. David was crying and squirming and
she gave him another hard slap and shouted "Be still! I'm thinking!"
  She looked at Donna wistfully and thought for a moment...

  "When do I start?"

  "How about two weeks from Monday? That will give you time to give
two weeks notice and get your affairs in order. You may want to
think about having that little party of yours next weekend. David
will be available. I'll have someone drop him off at your place a
week from Friday. You can keep him through the weekend and bring
him back here Sunday night on a leash. I promise you he'll be VERY
obedient and eager to please you. How does that sound?"

  "Terrific! Thank you so much! I can't wait to show him off to his
former secretary! She used to think he was so nice. Some of the
other women in my department won't feel too bad seeing what he's
become. He had a bit of an attitude, you know. Now he'll lick their 
shoes and offer his ass up to their palms for punishment! It'll be 
a riot!"

  David sobbed and shook as he lay there across Kathy's lap. Her
wool suit and buttons tickled his left side and his penis was
pressed against her nylon-clad thighs. He'd heard everything! He
would be Kathy's slave! Oh God! This had to be a bad dream, but the
stinging of his ass let him know it was all too real. He'd really
screwed up his life this time, and all because of one damned stupid
letter! He'd let his own personal demons loose and now they had him
good. He sobbed as Kathy resumed spanking him.

  When she was through they paused for lunch. Kathy, Donna and
Stacey ate at the table while David crawled underneath it, kissing
their feet and begging for scraps. At dessert they made him crawl
out and dance for them on his hands and knees. His reddened ass
wiggled and gyrated as they drank coffee and laughed. Stacey was
snapping pictures the whole time and Donna promised Kathy she'd get
a set in a couple of days to show the other girls from work.

  After lunch they made David lie on his back again and jerk off
for them. He had to beg both Kathy and Stacey before they let him
cum. He begged pathetically as they laughed and took more pictures.
His tongue flicked back and forth, and his toes clenched as they
made him poke his finger in his asshole and beg to be put on
display at Kathy's party. Finally, with his teeth chattering, he
was allowed to spray his sticky seed. He had to catch it in his
hand but most of it trickled down and dripped onto his belly. He
was mortified beyond belief as Donna made him lick his spunk off of
his hand.

  "It's time I got you back to the office, Kathy. I'll tell Jim
that everything is set. I don't think we'll have any trouble
meeting your salary requirements. There'll be some paperwork to
fill out and some literature for you to take back home to read."
 
  "Thank you so much for a VERY pleasant day, Donna. I'm looking
forward to starting."

  "So am I. David will take a little ride with us while I drive you
back. Let's go David!"

  David looked miserable crawling alongside Donna and Kathy as they
went outside. Being completely hairless and naked, he felt a slight
chill in the otherwise comfortable afternoon. The warm breeze blew
around him and tickled his swinging balls. In the middle of the day
they made him crawl to Donna's Town Car and climb into the trunk.
The two women could hear him sobbing as Donna started the car up
and drove Kathy back to the office. After Kathy knocked on the
trunk and told David she'd `see him later', Donna drove home,
hitting every bump she could on the way back.

  When they got back, Donna opened the trunk and made David climb
out and begin crawling back towards the house. He had to crouch 
on the porch and wait while Donna fondled his ass with one hand 
and fumbled with her keys. Eventually she opened the door and they 
both entered.

  Once they were inside, Donna called Stacey and the three of them
went into the dining room. Donna took off David's collar. For some
strange reason, this left him feeling even more naked. She watched
the confusion on his face as she told him to sit up on the dining
room table, then swing his legs up and lay back so that he was on
his back right in the center of the table. He was lying squarely on
a large oval silver platter. It was cool against his bare skin. He
was ordered to lift his legs up in the air and spread them wide,
then bend his knees outward until he could grab onto his feet.
Donna handed Stacey a piece of white cord. Both women took a side
and began securely tying a hand to a foot so that David was left
spread obscenely wide open, his ass pointing up and lifted an inch
or two above the surface of the platter. His penis was hard and
lying flat against his belly and his balls rested at its base,
round and poised. His asshole was open and spread wide. Stacey got
a wash cloth from the bathroom and scrubbed his crotch and ass till
they were squeaky clean, then towel-dried him. Donna returned from
the kitchen with a tray and began humming as she opened a container
and began spreading cold onion dip inside and all along his ass
crease.

  "W-what are you d-doing!" David gasped.

  Donna used the flat part of the spreader to whack his ass.
  "Just keep still and don't say another word till we're through."

  David whimpered as Donna continued to pack his ass crease with
the cold dip, using the spreader to smooth it down. When it was
completely full she packed it down with the spreader, then took
some green olives with pimentos and placed them on top of the dip
in a straight line.

  She opened another container and took some cucumber dip which she
lathered on his balls and all along the underside of his penis
shaft, which was facing upwards and twitching slightly. She loaded
on as much as she could, then decorated it with some additional
pimento olives.

  When Stacey brought in a half dozen plates and teacups and began
setting the table David couldn't restrain himself.

  "Y-you're not inviting anyone... you can't possibly.... for God's
sake!"

  "Didn't I tell you not to say another word?" Donna snapped
harshly. "As punishment for that disobedience you'll be tied up and
spanked tomorrow morning outside in the back yard and left there
for a whole hour. Now shut up!"

  David closed his eyes and cried. When he opened them Donna was
placing cut up carrot sticks and celery on the silver platter
around his bent ass. Stacey had finished setting the table and was
placing a bottle of wine and some glasses down.

  "There!" Donna exclaimed. "The ladies should be here in about
twenty minutes. Doesn't he look scrumptious?"

  "Oh yes, mother! Let's take some pictures before everyone starts
digging in!"

  "Excellent idea, Stacey!"

  Donna got the camera and began snapping pictures of the table and
its centerpiece. As she moved around she taunted David:

  "So, young man. It seems you'll again get your wish. In about
fifteen minutes four of my friends will be coming over for a small
get-together. I've promised them `refreshments and a good laugh'.
The refreshments are the veggies and dip. You'll be the good
laugh!"

  "Ohhhhhhhhhhh" David wailed. He was tied securely and couldn't
move a muscle. He was spread wide open and inviting and the thought
of six women laughing at him and scooping dip while he cried was
beyond what he could take. He sobbed and shook.

  "David, they're all going to get to read your letter. They'll no
doubt tease you terribly as they scoop up all the dip. I'm sure at
least a couple of them will want to `lick the platter clean'! It'll
be so much fun!"

  "In my letter to you I warned you that I could be a real bitch.
I also warned you to be careful of what you wrote. Well, young man,
you thought with your dick instead of your brain, and now you're
gonna have to pay for that mistake. You'll pay for the rest of your
life!"

  "Think about it! You're my slave, my property. I've got you over
a barrel and you'll get in deeper and deeper every day. You're
squirming so beautifully on the hook that I get wet just thinking
about how well I've got you, and the things I'm going to do with 
you!"

  "Your entire life has been changed, boy. You'll never work again,
never have any responsibility again, never have a date again, never
go anywhere of your own free will again. The rest of your life will 
be spent as my naked slave. You'll eat when I let you eat, shit when 
I let you shit, sleep when I let you sleep, and cum on the rare and
amusing occasion that I let you cum. And you'll be horny and 
frustrated all the time. I mean really REALLY horny, and really 
REALLY, cock-twitchingly, teeth-chatteringly, pathetically horny. 
You'll be subjected to all of the wicked and disgusting fantasies 
I've ever had, or can ever dream up. You'll be laughed at and 
humiliated constantly, for the rest of your life. I OWN you!"

  "Tomorrow morning you'll be spanked and left on display in the
back yard. Next weekend Stacey's friend will be staying over and 
you'll be their toy. Kathy's party will be the weekend after that 
and you'll be shown off in front of all those women you used to work 
with. She'll have you squirming and pleading and disgracing yourself
while they all watch the show. After that there'll be more parties
here and more ordeals. You'll sit spread-legged on the floor in the 
kitchen and rub your ass back and forth for the amusement of Stacey's 
friends. You'll be given away for weekends to friends of mine or 
Stacey. You'll serve our guests in ruffled panties and bra and beg 
them to allow you to jerk off in front of them. Some of them will
bring their daughters to see you and you'll be spanked to tears and 
put to bed crying and frustrated every night of your life."

  "You asked for this, David. It doesn't matter that you were horny
as hell when you wrote that letter. You were stupid enough to leave
yourself wide open, and that's all a woman like me needed."

  David had tears rolling down his cheeks as he heard Stacey
laughing behind him. They were right, he WAS doomed. It may not be 
what he wanted, but it's what he'd ASKED for. Now he was getting it. 
He lay there, tied, open, and miserable, and waited for the doorbell 
to ring and the first of his mistress' guests to arrive...

                                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





