BDSM Library - Tuesday's Rape




Tuesday's Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Last Tuesday on a deserted beach I was humiliated, tortured and raped by a stranger.  It was the most exciting day of my life...
Tuesday's Rape

I love having Tuesdays off from work! I'm Kay, a naturally quiet person who
generally dislikes crowds, so Tuesday off suits me just fine. On Tuesdays the
mall has adequate parking, no long lines at the checkout stands, the parks have
empty benches, and best of all, the beach is usually deserted. That's where you
will find me most summer Tuesdays--baking in the sun and enjoying every minute
of it. Last Tuesday, however, was different--very very different.

The day had actually started out quite wonderful. I woke up in the late morning
to intensely blue skies and heat radiating from my bedroom windows. I jumped out
of bed, downed my Starbucks, put on my favorite thong bikini, grabbed my beach
bag and was out the door and to the shore by noon. I found my favorite sandy
spot next to an old weather-worn log. This log allows me a little bit of privacy
from other sunbathers, if there happens to be any on the beach that day. Last
Tuesday, though, the beach was deserted. I'm crossing my legs now as I think of
the events of that day--embarrassed and ashamed to admit that I'm slippery wet
from the mere thought of what happened. I remember it as if it is happening
again...

...

It feels wonderful to lay back on my towel wiggling my toes in the hot sand. I
slather my body in coconut oil. I don't think "slather" is really a word, but it
sounds right in my head as I pour a generous amount of coconut oil on my body
and "slather" up. Even though it is still early in the season, my body is
already starting to darken to a golden brown, and the oil makes my skin glisten
in the sun. I shaved the night before so my skin is silky smooth. I've always
hated hair on my body and fell into the routine of shaving my entire body during
my daily shower at a young age. The swimsuit I am wearing is my favorite. It has
a very skimpy thong bottom with an even skimpier string top. The bright orange
color emphasizes my tan and the material is so thin that I sometimes forget I'm
wearing anything at all. My breasts are quite large and I know the outline of my
nipples can be seen through the top, but I don't mind. In fact, between you and
me, I like having my nipples show clearly. I suppose I'm a bit of a tease.

It is time now to get down to some serious sunbathing. I bring out my mp3 player
and my water bottle and set them in the sand. Rolling onto my tummy I open a
magazine, knowing I will never read it. Within a couple minutes my thoughts are
drifting out to sea and I am asleep.

Pain in my neck. What the hell is going on? Ouch! What is that pressing on my
neck? I can't turn over--weight on my back. I'm at the beach, right? My thoughts
begin clearing and I realize I am not alone. A stranger's deep whisper in my
ear, "If you make a single sound, I'll kill you!" To reinforce his statement, he
presses something into my neck that is painfully sharp. I look out the corner of
my eye to see a knife handle. I start to freak out. I begin to speak; I want to
beg, to scream, to tell him to go to hell! Shit! Ok, I won't try that again. I
think my neck is bleeding now. Remain calm, Kay, remain calm. He warns me not to
make a move as he moves onto his side next to me. He tells me to face away from
him on my side. I move slowly into position hoping that if I comply without
complaint he might loosen his grip on the knife giving me a chance for escape.
Unfortunately, he only moves the knife to the front of my throat and doesn't
loosen the grip. In a time like this it's amazing to me that you can think about
anything at all, but my thoughts are clear and focused--find a way to escape!
His right hand is on my waist. His left hand gripping the knife gives him his
right hand free to... For the first time the thought enters my mind that he
might rape me. No, maybe he has other plans. Please God, let him have other
plans. Wait, no, other plans might involve something worse than rape. Maybe he
plans to kill me! Oh my God, I must get away from this mad man. I can't help it,
I have to struggle. I MUST get away. His hand grips my waist hard and he moves
the knife slightly. I can't get away. I can't. Thoughts racing. I'll cooperate
for a bit and maybe an opportunity will present itself for me to kick and run.

Deep breaths, don't panic, breathe deeply Kay. He is holding still; pressing his
body against me. I feel his hot breath in my ear, and I can sense his
excitement. I can also sense he doesn't want to rush. This has been planned--I
know it. He has thought about this for some time and he knows exactly what he is
going to do to me. When I come to this realization, my fear increases. Why did I
have to pick a secluded beach? There is a chance nobody will come by all day!
Panic again. Breathe, Kay, breathe. His hand begins moving slowly and
deliberately down my stomach. I feel his fingers entering the top of my bikini
bottom. Again his hand moves lower, lower, lower, until he is cupping my pussy
mound. He squeezes and holds my pussy in his hand and leaves it there unmoving.
His hips push against my bottom while his hand pushes me back against him. This
is so humiliating. His hand so intimately on my shaven pussy and there is
nothing I can do except wait. Wait to see what comes next. Fear, panic, breathe,
Kay, breathe.

His voice jolts me from my thoughts, "Lay on your back--NOW!" No choices, no
options, I comply. As I roll over he ties a towel tightly over my eyes. I really
didn't want to see him but now I feel so powerless. I realize I need to see what
he is going to do to prepare myself. Prepare myself for his unwanted touch.
Surprise is not good. God I'm scared. He pulls my left leg between his thighs
and then pushes my right leg out to the side. My pussy lips spread open under
his hand and he slowly, always slowly, slides his hand lower, his fingers dip
into my soft wetness and then lower to my opening. No, no no no no NO! Don't do
this! Please, please, PLEASE I beg him. I hate begging. I hate it. Oh how I hate
this.

His fingers enter my tight slit--at first one fingertip and then two. I know my
vagina is tight; I've been told this before by boyfriends. I know there is no
way he can get three fingers into me but he tries and tries again. Sudden pain.
I can tell there are now three fingertips stretching me wide open. He wiggles
his fingers; I suppose attempting to work my wetness up. When the wiggling
finally ends, his fingers slide deeper. Shit this hurts. I am squeezing against
the invasion. I know if I relax it will hurt less but to just allow him into me
goes against everything screaming in my head. He whispers, "God you are
tight--but not for long." I cringe. With one hard push his fingers are
completely buried in my pussy. He holds them still now. Ewwwwww. A stranger's
fingers inside me holding still; showing me his power, showing me his complete
control over me. I relax my inside muscles. I do NOT want him to think I am
squeezing because I like this! Still he holds them inside me and whispers, "I
can do anything I want to you--and I will." "You take it and don't cause me any
problems or I will hurt you bad. Got it?" I refuse to respond. "GOT IT BITCH???"
"Ya," I whispered.

Talking myself through this. Ok, just a finger fuck. I can take this. I can deal
with this. He will just move his fingers, probably cum in his shorts, and then
it will be over. Ya, that's it. I can deal with this. His fingers are moving
now--in and out, in and out, over and over and over slow, slow, always slow. I
can sense he's grinning. Suddenly fear turns to anger. God I hate this man! The
knife on my throat tightens as if he has read my mind--a nonverbal warning. He
is spreading his fingers now. Oh my god, I can't stretch like this. He pulls his
open fingers out slowly. As they leave my body I feel my slit rip. I yell out,
"Shit, that hurt!" He laughs. Oh no, he likes causing pain! That changes
everything. He whispers in my ear, "I think it's time to start my fun." Start?
My world is spinning. I thought he was almost done! Noooooooo!

Why is there nobody on the beach? Someone will come along; someone will see. I
must believe that. I hear him fumble with a bag he must have brought. I feel a
cold metal object rubbing against my thigh. He slides the leg of my swimsuit
over and literally rams this cold object into my pussy. It must have ridges or
something because it feels like it is ripping its way inside me. I'm crying.
Shit, he made me cry! He orders me onto my stomach. "Don't drop the dildo baby,"
he laughs. Anger rises up in me again; stronger than before. "Fuck you!" I
seeth. He just laughs. On my stomach now with my face away from him; the feared
knife still on my neck. He is rubbing my ass and playing with the coconut oil.
He slides his fingers under the thong and traces my crack. His fingers move so
agonizingly slow. He stops at my anus and plays. He puts his fingertip in and
out, in and out. I've had boyfriends touch me outside but never inside my ass.
This is so incredibly humiliating! He whispers, "mmmmm baby, your ass is so
tight--but not for long." Ohh nooooo. Nooooo. He slides his finger up to his
knuckle. My body shakes with disgust. Slowly he slides the rest of his finger in
and just lets it rest inside me. Again showing me his control. He owns me. There
is nothing I can do. I find myself almost accepting this fate but again the
anger rises. I simply cannot take it. I begin to struggle--moving my ass back
and forth. "Your ass is so cute when you wiggle it," he laughs. Again I wait. He
pulls his finger out and grabs my hip pulling me up onto my side again facing
away from him. His hand is busy with his shorts. I can hear the rustling of the
material. Good! He's going to jerk off now and we can be done. Relief floods
through me. Wait. Why is he messing with the back of my thong again? Hot searing
pain! NO! I burst into tears again. His larger and longer than average cock is
invading my ass. Slow seems to be his method of using his fingers but not his
dick. He jams his fat cock all the way into my ass--hard. The pain is almost
more than I can bear. I feel like he is ripping me completely open. I'm crying
so hard. He grabs my hip and yanks me back on his cock. This is so much worse
than I ever could have imagined. He blows in my ear. I cringe. I think I'm going
to throw up. He is loving this; loving the pain he is inflicting on my virgin
ass. My breath is coming in short gasps. I simply cannot stop crying from the
pain. When I think it can't get any worse, he starts to move his cock in and
out. Not just short little strokes either but long, full, fat, thrusting bursts
that rip and rerip my rectum; at least it feels that way. I must be bleeding and
he likes that; I know he likes it. Harder and harder he thrusts. I suppose it
was only 10 minutes or so but it felt like hours. This is the most pain I have
ever endured. He stops. I realize he has not cum. He is holding back. I've never
seen such self-control. He pulls his dick out and again I hear him rummaging
through his bag. I had almost forgotten the large metal dildo in my pussy
because of the pain surging through my ass. No! he wouldn't! My ass cannot take
it! Not a dildo, please, not a dildo! I feel cold metal on my ass. Nooooo! Hard,
sharp, unbearable pain. He thrusts the ridged dildo as deep as it will go and
then pushes even more. It is even thicker than his cock. I can't help it. I
scream. The knife cuts into my neck. Shit! I cannot take this anymore. I stop
screaming but the sobs are uncontrollable. My ass feels as if it is on fire. My
pussy is throbbing. He must be almost done. He MUST be almost done.

Again I'm on my back. This time he shoves me into place. This is not a verbal
request; this is a physical demand. He straddles my chest, grabs my chin forcing
my mouth open wide, and jams his cock into my mouth and down my throat. I gag
and struggle. He grabs my long hair, holds my head, and fucks my mouth with his
dick. I can taste my ass. I can taste his sweat. I can taste his precum. I can't
breathe while he thrusts down my throat. Over and over and over he thrusts. I
try to breathe between thrusts. Faster and faster he fucks me. Pulling my head
up by my hair and ramming his thick cock down my aching throat. He stops.
Noooooo. Don't use control. Cum. Please cum so this can be over. He pulls out.
Self-control, again, self-control. "Not yet my precious, I'm not done with you
yet." Tears stream down my cheeks. He drops my head and again lays beside me,
knife at my throat.

I hear voices. Yes!!! Someone must be coming by! He lays his body full weight on
me and kisses my mouth. I can feel the knife tighten and he whispers, "Not a
word!" The voices pass by. I hear something being said about "...not appropriate
on the beach." He continues to kiss my mouth. In some ways this is worse than
the pain. Kissing the man who is violating and humiliating me. I want to bite
him. Still he kisses. I think I'm going to be sick--really. My stomach starts to
quiver. Finally he stops. "They are gone," he says. "Let us continue." I gasp.
"You didn't think I could be finished with you yet, did you?" he asks. "I
haven't even played with your sweet tits yet." He slides my bikini top up over
my large breasts. I think I hear him moan. "These are perfect." he says under
his breath. Again he is searching through his bag. I try to prepare. My ass and
pussy are as full as humanly possible so what now? "This is going to hurt." he
says matter of factly. Bang! OH MY GOD!!!!! Sobbing, screaming, sobbing. His
hand is over my mouth as I scream. My left nipple is on fire! The sharpest most
intense pain shooting through my breast. "Easy girl, it's just a piercing." "I
brought this piercing gun just for you." No warning. Again I'm screaming with
his hand over my mouth. My right nipple joins my left in the worst pain I have
ever endured. I lose it. I pass out. He slaps my face hard and I come around.
Pain--so much pain. It might be just a little less now. You can bear it, Kay.
You can. This has to be the worst pain he can inflict. There can be nothing
worse. He places a chain through the nipple rings and wraps the chain around his
wrist. He orders me not to move or he will yank my nipples off. I hold
completely still. He is pulling my thong down. What the hell? He rips the dildo
out of my throbbing pussy and gently wipes my juices off me spending extra time
wiping my clit. Nooo. He can't! He can't!!!! He does. Bang! The piercing gun
shoots a piercing through the hood of my clit. I've never been a woman who
faints but out I go again. All the pain at one time is too much. I come awake
feeling him running a chain through the clit ring. He pulls all three chains
through a big round ring which rests on my abdomen and attaches them. He then
cuts the chains to an even length and attaches the ends to an even larger ring.
"I will lead you from now on by this ring and you will move as I command." he
says. "Please, please, please, no!" I beg. You are going to let me go, right?
"Go?" he asks. "Never," was his only horrible response.

He continues his torture of my soft young body by grabbing the dildo sticking
out of my ass and ripping it out of me. Again he gently wipes me off. I think
the gentleness of his touch is the most humiliating thing I have ever
experienced. I hate his hands on me and he knows it so he moves his hands slowly
on my body with a sense of ownership and control. I want his hands OFF OF ME! "I
HATE you and I will NEVER go willingly with you." I seeth at him. He just
laughs. "For that you will know my punishment." he says. He had been waiting for
this! He wants to punish me and he has been waiting. He will never break
me--never! "On your knees," he demands with a yank on the chains. I betray
myself and move onto all fours very quickly to avoid the pain--hating myself for
being so weak. He ran his hand over my ass. "Put your shoulders on the ground,"
he demands. I comply. My ass is high in the air. He pulls my thong down and
spreads my thighs apart so my pussy is completely exposed to him. His grip is
tight on the chains. I lay there not sure what to expect but knowing it will be
bad. He was in his torture device bag again. I groan in fear.

Whack! A leather belt on my ass. He whacks one cheek then the other, over and
over and over and over. The belt slips and whacks my pussy. The clit ring...
horrible pain... I'm falling to the sand. He yanks me back up and continues his
punishment. My ass burns like it is on fire. Each stroke on my butt is harder
than the last. Tears drip from my eyes and screams choke in my throat. I make
the mistake of letting one escape my lips. He yanks the chains hard. I want to
die. I will keep my screams in now. I will keep them in. I will. God this hurts
so much. I can't take this anymore. I can't! When will this end? He drops the
belt and pulls me down on his thighs. He grabs his throbbing fat dick and rams
it up into my pussy so hard and so fast my teeth snap together. With the chains
still in hand, he pushes me down on my back and begins fucking me like a wild
animal. Sweat drips down his face and splashes on my lips and chin. Thrust,
thrust, thrust--neverending thrusts. My clit is swollen and bleeding. He is
hitting against me so hard that with each thrust the breath is knocked from me.
Slamming in, pulling out, slamming in, pulling out, over and over he continues.
He is going to cum. I know it. His cock can't possibly get any bigger or harder
inside me. He can't possibly fuck me more intensely. Suddenly he throws his head
back, grabs my chains and yanks them so fucking hard I scream uncontrollably. He
cums to the sound of my screams. Even through the intense pain, I feel each shot
of hot thick cum shooting inside my pussy. Holding deep inside me he waits...
Waits until his pleasure is over... Waits until his cock softens... Waits until
he is finished with me... Waits until he knows I am completely broken. I am. I
cannot take any more. He knows. He is in full control. I give up. He knows. I'm
his. He knows.



Thank you for reading!

Lovenvein




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lovenvein


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





