BDSM Library - My Stupid, Stupid Curiosity




My Stupid, Stupid Curiosity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The beginning of a spanking relationship.
My Stupid, Stupid Curiosity


	When I arrived at work that morning an hour early to make up time missed
the day before, nothing seemed out of ordinary.  I entered after unlocking the
door, turned to lock it back up and turned the lights on.  I smiled as I
surveyed the foyer noticing that things were in place and waiting for the day to
begin.  The front of the office is set up with two rooms.  When you enter we
have the foyer, or greeting room where the clients can hang up coats, sit on
nice leather chairs, have coffee and read a variety of material that I change
every month.  My office is adjacent to the foyer with a window for me to see the
clients as they come in.  I sometimes wish the wall did not separate my office
from the foyer as I have to come around when I offer drinks and to show them
back to my boss's office.

  	I went to my desk to prepare the files of our clients for that day.  I
looked at his e-mail and printed out all that he would need to see.  I then
checked on line for any news that may affect our business on our web site.  I
looked at the time to see if my boss was due to arrive and headed for his office
to get things ready in there.  When I enter his office I always feel a quiet
sophistication within the room.  He had it nicely furnished with a dark cherry
wood desk with a leather seat for himself and two for his guest.  He had
bookshelves laden with books.  There was a leather love seat in a little alcove
that I always wished I could sit in and read a book.  He never used overhead
lights preferring the look of lamps that give the room a soft glow.   It was
cozy and warm giving off exactly what he wanted and that was to make his clients
feel at home. 

	I did not notice it right away as I went straight for his desk to put
down the things I printed.  It wasn't until I had finished turning on his
computer and scanned his desk for things that might be for me that I noticed it. 
It was in front of the two leather chairs which had been pushed back to give it
plenty of room. 

	I had no idea what it was at first.  It was made of black shiny metal
and was rather large, so I was quite surprised to have just noticed it.  When I
approached I noticed that it looked like a bench of some sort.  This had to be
some new workout machine I've never heard of before.  He was very much into
fitness.  There was a black leather cushion on the middle and when I got closer
I realized that there was no way that one could sit on the cushion and do
sit-ups, or any other exercise for that matter.  It was up to high and the rest
of the machine was bent at an angle that was not usable for any of the exercises
I saw on television.  Then I noticed the black cloth on the floor by the back
leg.  It was piled in a small heap against the leg and when I picked it up I
found it to be nothing but woman's panties.

	I stood back up with my heart pounding.  Of course I dropped the panties
right where I found them.  But I looked at the machine now with new eyes.  I
could not believe that my boss, the man I've worked with now for two years, was
into spanking.  And into it so much that he had this contraption.  I felt
tingles going down my spine and a familiar tingle from my bottom.  I love to be
spanked.  I have only dreamed of going over horses or any contraption such as
this one.  I have only been over the knees of a few boyfriends I could talk into
spanking me.  Everything else has been from stories read on line or my own
thoughts, which can drive me crazy at times. 

	I left the office not wanting for him to find me there. I even took back
the papers I dropped on his desk and turned his computer off.  I know he is into
spanking but he has no idea I am and it wouldn't be good to let him know.  This
is work after all.  I went to my desk thinking of how the contraption would
work.  Now that I know what it was it was obvious that it was a metal horse.  I
could do nothing at that moment but let the tingles of excitement run through
their course, as I pictured myself over the seat with my own bottom high up in
the air waiting for punishment.   I wondered about his techniques and his
instruments, if he had them in his room.  I glanced at the clock, only ten
minutes had past since entering his room. 

	I took a deep breath to try and calm my nerves.  I had to work here and
I would have to pay attention to the task at hand.  I turned back to my computer
but could not focus at all.  I looked at the clock.  He had a good half hour or
more before he would even arrive to the office.  I would not be able to
concentrate if I didn't explore just a bit more.  I got up and checked the door
to make sure it was locked and headed back to his office with my heart pounding
and all of my body tingling in anticipation.  My stomach even joined the act by
flittering around.

	I went right to it after shutting the door and stood behind it where I
would begin if I were told to bend over.  My mind was telling me to leave,
screaming for me to go and pretend I never saw the thing, but my body won the
war and I found myself moving to bend over the seat.  The metal was cold to
touch and it was rather awkward to move into the position.  I noticed that I had
to grab the legs tight to keep from sliding and rolling off, which made me feel
clumsy and more embarrassed.  My mind screamed for me to get up and quit being
so foolish, but my body said just for a second, then we will go once our
curiosity is satisfied.  When my bottom finally rested over the pad I did find
that I was in a very embarrassing position that was not only embarrassing to get
into but rather hard to get out of.  My hands and feet fitted nicely to the legs
on either side, and my bottom, which was tingling like mad now, was perched
perfectly for a spanking. 

	I noticed that my head had nowhere to rest and I realized that if I were
indeed being spanked I would have a harder time escaping this contraption for
fear of falling on my head.  I didn't think I could handle a long spanking over
this if I had to dangle my head, but I guessed that it would not be on my mind
at the time.  I was beginning to feel foolish and was getting up when I noticed
the bands on the legs for the first time.  They were black and tight against the
metal.  I wondered how a band would hold the one being spanked in place.  I let
go of the left bar and let myself hang over the bar as I tried to pull the band
over my right wrist.  It was very tight and it took a lot of pulling, and hoping
that I didn't break it, to get it over my wrist.  I then put myself back into
position and found the band to be harder to escape from than one would expect. 
It wouldn't budge from it's spot yet had enough give to allow me to pull and not
cut off my circulation.  I still had to hold on to the bar to hold myself up so
my head would not hit the floor.  I wondered about the back bands and how they
would work.  I tried to get up to see but was prevented by the band from doing
so.  Okay, my curiosity was satisfied, it was time to get out of here anyway. I
pulled myself up and flipped over the bar so that I could let a little slack out
on the band.  I pulled and was just easing my hand out of the band when the door
opened and in walked my boss, James. 

	His presence in a room, to me, seemed to fill it.  He was tall and very
muscular as he always worked out.  He had dark brown hair that he kept in a
military high top cut and dark brown eyes, that always captured my attention
when he was upset about some mistake I made and brightened my most depressing
day just by smiling at me.  I noticed his thighs were long the first time I met
him being the way I am, thighs and muscular arms are important. He had long
fingers that were smooth and well kept.  But his manner was of quiet
determination, confidence and pride and he carried it without being "snooty".

	I hissed when the band snapped back down on my wrist.  I wanted to die. 
I felt my face grow red with embarrassment and I made myself small against the
machine.  I couldn't look up at him nor speak to try and explain why I was here,
that was obvious anyway.  He closed the door and stood there.  I guess he was
embarrassed too and had no idea what to say.  After what seemed like an eternity
he came over to me and bent down to pull the band loose for me.  I slipped my
hand out and stood refusing to look at him and so red in the face that my cheeks
were beginning to hurt.  I slipped past him and ran out of the room and slammed
my door shut when I reached my office.  Then I leaned against the door and took
deep breaths to try and calm myself.  The whole time cussing myself out for my
stupid, stupid curiosity, which will forever get me into trouble.  I paced back
and forth wishing I hadn't come in early to find that thing.  I noticed that he
was in early and it was probably to hide it.  I wondered where he hid it and
then began to pace again.

	When the outside door opened I jumped. It wasn't supposed to be unlocked
and my first thought was that Gary had arrived to help my boss with his
paperwork.  But as that thought occurred another quickly took it's place, Gary
wasn't due today until 1:00 this must be...and it was, Linda, James's
girlfriend.  The one that was tied on that contraption living the dream I've
wanted for so long.  She looked surprised to see me and I could do nothing but
give a weak smile and nod.  James came out to take her by the arm and lead her
out.  He was red faced as well, I noticed, and didn't look at me.  She looked at
him, me, and turned red...so we all knew and there was no going back now. 

	I sat down thankful that he was gone so I could take the rest of the
time to calm down.  I laughed at the situation, got scared to death that I would
be fired, and cussed myself out more.  

	When he entered the office again I was ready to just forget the whole
thing.  He nodded at me and I smiled back.  He didn't say your fired, pack up
and get out. He went straight to his office like he always does.  I breathed a
sigh of relief. I saw that it was time to get our day started and I was going to
see that it was done right.  I took him the papers I printed out earlier but
couldn't help look for where he hid it.

	" It's under the table by the window.  It's able to be folded down and
fits well under there."  He offered to me.  He was looking me directly in the
eye and seemed to be waiting for something.  I nodded and blushed and said "
Oh."  

	After a few awkward seconds ticked by I took a deep breath and asked if
there were anything else I could do before the Peterman's arrived.

	" No.  Things are in order.  Thank you."  He smiled and turned back to
his computer to check on the stock market.

	I left thankful that nothing would come of my curiosity.  The rest of
the day was a blur but I managed to get things done. 

	At the end of the day the three of us left the office together.  Gary
had arrived and they were heading to dinner together to go over more paperwork. 

	" Why don't you join us?"  Gary asked. 

	" Not tonight. Tom and I are going out for dinner."  I have been dating
Tom for a year.  He was talked into spanking me about six months into our
relationship, but he would do no more than make it sting a bit.  He would quit
as soon as I made the slightest noise.  For me that can get so frustrating.  I
don't like the pain of a spanking mind you, but it's not real if it doesn't have
that sting and sometimes taken to where I've given up, not that I've ever been
there either.  A warm up is stimulating but my time with Tom will be short.  I
knew this from the little bit of experience I've had being spanked.  I was
already having nights where I was left feeling empty and needing more.

	" So you are still seeing Tom?"  James asked me.  " How is it going?"

	I blushed, couldn't help it, when I looked into his eyes.  " It's okay."
I shrugged.

	" Having problems?" Gary asked.  We were at my car now and I nodded. 

	" Yes.  I don't see it lasting much longer to be honest."  I answered
truthfully.  I never tell of my love life to anyone and will never be able to
explain why I gave the little I did now.  Okay, it's for that small chance that
I may be over that bench in James's office.

	" That's too bad."  Gary said. 

	I nodded. " Yes. It is."  I sat down in my car.  " Well, I will see
ya'll tomorrow.  Have a good night."  I smiled and waved as I went by them in my
car and drove to meet Tom who was now officially over.  I just had to tell him. 
I know you must think I'm selfish and wicked for dumping Tom over some small
chance that James's and I will get together.  Do you know how hard it is to find
someone with the same passion that you have, especially in this sort of thing? 
Tom and I are heading for a break up anyway.  Better now than later.  Of course
James's has Linda.  There is no way that I will break those two up.  And she
obviously likes to be spanked or she would never have gone over the bench.  Then
a thought occurred...what if it was James over the bench?  Well that would kill
the whole deal.  I'm a "spankee".   I could not imagine him submitting to a
spanking anyway.  He oozed dominance.

	I met Tom at my house.  He has been asking me to let him move in with me
for over a month now.  I just have not been able to do it.  I like my space, or
so I thought, now that I look at him as we kiss and head inside, I know it's
because I truly do not see a future with him.  I knew if I told him of what I
found he would not find it to be normal, he would call James a pervert, a sexual
criminal that should be locked up. And as he began to tell of his day with a
client he just took in and her crazy situation without so much as noticing that
I wasn't paying attention, could really care about it, I knew that I was wasting
my time, and his. 

	I interrupted him with the news. " Tom, we need to talk." 

	" Oh?"  He looked up from his seat on my couch. 

	" Yes."  I was about to blurt it out but couldn't.  We did have a year
together and he was willing to "put up" with my needs.  This wasn't going to be
very easy.  I sat down and began slowly telling how I truly felt.  We hugged and
cried and I felt a mixture of things as he left that night. I drew a hot bubble
bath, got a glass of wine, and soaked my thoughts. 

	I wondered what my stupid, stupid curiosity got me into.




Part 2

	It was rather difficult I must admit to get back into focus at work
knowing that bench was in James's office.  It has been one full month since I
was caught with my hand bound to his metal bench I happened upon in his office. 
I did find it hidden under the table as he said.  I looked for it when he and
Gary were out to lunch.  Just seeing it folded up and knowing what it unfolds
into made me start daydreaming.  There was no stopping them.  I cannot help it. 
And I've been having to double- check all of my work since then to make sure
it's accurate. 

	Like now, here I am at my desk and not thinking of my job at all.  All I
see is James coming back from lunch and, as he goes past my desk, say that he
really needs to speak to me.  In real life I messed up again this morning.  Not
a major mistake, but one that irritates James.  I pulled a clients file but
forgot to go through it to check for the proper forms that had to be signed with
a current year or we could not do some of the transactions for that client.  The
client would have to do it, which would cause the client money, or we would have
to mail the form to get it signed, which can take time, and that takes money. 
He had caught that the date was not current which again I say is not a major
mistake, but one that shows my lack of attention.  And one that has me deep in a
daydream of getting my bottom spanked for.  

	I would enter the office and he would tell me to shut the door.  I would
sit on the seat before him and look into those brown eyes that would show his
irritation.  I have seen them in a mood before and it had always made my stomach
flutter.  In the low cool voice I've heard him use with clients that were
accusing him of taking their money (we are financial advisors, whenever the
market is bad it's our fault, when it's good we are the best) he would tell me
that he has had it with my absent mind that if I continue in this manner I could
cost him money, or his job as some of these papers are needed legally.  He was
going to see that I snap out of it and tells me exactly how he is going to do
that.  He was going to take me over his knee and spank my bottom in several
steps that would end with it being bare and over the metal bench.  I felt
tingles course through my body and wished with all of my heart that he would do
such a thing.  

	I snapped out of it and went to make some coffee.  I didn't want to lose
my job. I really liked working for James.  The work was easy and the pay very
good.  James was easy to work with and was a very patient understanding man. 
But he had to have limitations when it came to work being done properly,
especially legal issues.  I have only been here two years and think I've done
quite well for him.  I rarely call in sick, once maybe twice in two years, and
when I need free time to do things during the day he allows me to make up the
time so I won't lose the pay.  I work part time hours but between times that
other businesses are opening and then closing.  So sometimes I have to leave to
get some personal things done.  He was a very good boss and I really didn't need
to screw this up.  And the work is so easy that I am bored sometimes for lack of
something to do. 

	As the coffee started to drip into the pot I pulled my thoughts out of
the gutter, so to speak, and made the declaration that I would do my job and do
it right.  I went back to my desk, got out all of the chocolate I had hidden,
and had all of my deskwork done within the hour.  I now needed to focus on the
files pulled for that week and make sure they were prepped properly.  When the
door opened to admit Gary and James back from lunch I smiled and nodded at them. 
And the day dragged on.  I was quite thankful that it was a Friday.

	At the end of the day I began to pack up to leave.  Gary came over to
invite me out with them for a beer.  I nodded.  I could use a beer and since I
had nothing but housework to do at home I would go.  I helped them finish
closing the office and headed for my car. 

	" Why don't you ride with me?"  I turned to look at James surprised by
the offer. " We are not going far from here and I can drop you off to pick up
your car."   I looked into his eyes but found nothing but a genuine offer.  'He
is dating Lynda still girl.' I told myself.  I nodded and walked with him to his
car and waited as he unlocked my side.  He opened it and I slipped in.

	We drove in silence.  I had no idea how to break the ice.  I have never
had this problem before with him, but it's different now.  There is no denying
that.  It might be easier once we were at the restaurant with Gary and Lynda
there.  I didn't care for Lynda, I thought she spoke to loud which made me not
like her right off, and then for a wholesaler of financial business, speaking
loud and fast made her come off as a babbling idiot. I could never get past the
voice and would tune her out as soon as she started to speak.  Gary on the other
hand was fun to be around.  He was married and was retired from the business
after forty or more years. He helped James with paperwork to keep himself busy
and always treated me warmly and made me feel as if I were his daughter. 

	James held the door open for me to enter before him at the restaurant. 
Gary had a table for us by the bar and we joined him.  I sat beside James since
Gary's wife Alice would be joining us.  I noticed that there would be no room
for Lynda and asked about it.

	" Will Lynda be joining us?  Shouldn't we move?" 

	" Lynda and I broke up."  James answered me.  He looked at me with an
expression I could not read.

	" I'm sorry." I said as my heart began to beat rapidly.  He was single
now as was I.  I wondered why they broke up.  I wouldn't ask but hoped he would
tell. 

	" How are you and Tom doing?"  Gary asked. " Are you two still having
problems?"

	I smiled over at Gary thankful that he asked. " We broke up. "  The
conversation stopped at that point so we could order our drinks. 

	" Well you don't seem upset about it."  Gary said once she was gone.

	 " It wasn't going anywhere.  We had too many differences that just
wouldn't have worked."  I answered him.  I wanted to look at James to see if
there was some interest in me, or a flicker of hope that we could get together. 
But it would have been obvious since we were right beside each other.

	The waitress came over with menus to see if we would be ordering dinner. 
I was going to decline but their conversation about staying for dinner made me
wait.  Gary wasn't sure if Alice would want to, he checked his watch and looked
up,

	" She should have been here by now. I'm going to go call her."  He stood
and pulled his cell phone out of his pocket walking to the front door as he
dialed. 

	So James and I were left sitting beside each other.  I felt tingles of
excitement, hope and a good course of fear that he would not want me at all. 
And to confuse the whole mess, fear that he would.    

	" When did you and Tom break up?"  James turned so we could see each
other better.

	I wanted to say that night I found his bench, that I knew then that Tom
and I would never last, that my passion was a part of me... a part that Tom
would never be able to understand fully, the real connection that is shared by
two souls with the same passion, and that I would be settling for his attempts
at appeasing my appetite.  I wanted to say that but all I could manage was a
shrug as I told him a month ago.

	He took a sip of beer and nodded.  He turned and was about to say
something when Gary returned.  " Well, it seems that I have to go home.  Alice
is having some sort of problem and I must go attend to her."  He nodded to me
and shook James's hand.  " I will see you two on Sunday?"  I wasn't told
anything about Sunday and looked at both with question.

	James nodded.  " I will be there but have not had the time to ask
Katie."  He turned to me and smiled, " Will you go with me to dinner at Gary and
Alice's house on Sunday?" 

	" Sure.  That sounds like fun."  I nodded and smiled saying good-bye and
see you Sunday.  Then it was the two of us.  James got up to move across the
table and I scooted to the middle of the seat.  We sipped beer quietly for a few
minutes before James took a deep breath and leaned over to take my hand in his. 
I looked into his eyes that were looking at me with an intensity that sent
shivers down my spine.  This was it.  He was going to make the move and start
the life I've waited for.

	" Katie..." He rubbed my hand with his thumb. "  I am going to ask a
question.  You do not have to answer, but I hope you will.  I have a very good
feeling that we are alike, actually I know we are alike.  I have watched you
this last month since you've found my bench.  I can see that you are a
submissive and quite surprised with myself for not seeing it earlier.  I have
been kicking myself for the last month for not noticing it."  He squeezed my
hand and I smiled at him, which was all I could manage.  He leaned over and in a
low voice that I was sure echoed over the whole place even with the music
blasting asked,

	"  Would you join me? Would you become my submissive?  Of course we will
start very slow.  I do have some issues around work I think need to be addressed
but we will talk about them.  If you agree to become my submissive those issues
will be put it on the table and from that point on you will answer for those
mistakes with a sore bottom." He squeezed my hand.  " I need to know before I
say anymore, though."

	My heart was thumping, my stomach was aflutter, and I heard a loud ring
in my ears.  I nodded then cleared my throat and then croaked out a yes at his
look.  " Yes. I would love to become your submissive."

	He smiled.  He leaned back and gave me a satisfied look. " Good.  Now
tell me, how much experience do you have?"  I smiled and blushed but leaned
forward to begin the tale of my life as a wannabe submissive. 

	I have known all my life that I was a spankee.  I have very little
experience with the actual thing, but read enough to know just about all there
is to know about it.  He laughed at that but kept his thought from me. I told
him that I dreamt of going over benches. Dreamt of having canes, paddles,
floggers, you name it, used on me since I was little.  That the build up was
most important, the cuddling afterwards, and that anything done to the front was
off limits as far as I was concerned.

	He smiled at that and said, " Let's not limit ourselves before get
started."  He then began to tell me what he would expect of me.

	 " First and foremost I do not use safe words.  I give what I feel is
needed at the time of the spanking, especially if it's punishment.  I will not
injure you.  I expect all of my instructions to be fulfilled when asked.  You
will always wear a skirt with white panties around me. 

	"If you deserve a punishment I want it written down on a slip of paper
and given to me. It will list what you did and what you deserve for what you
did.  If it doesn't match what you did wrong then I will double what you wrote
for punishment.  I will say that I usually do not give what is written on the
paper but use that as a guideline on what your mentality is on what you did.   
I will always give what I say for punishment.  There is no 'getting out of it'. 

	"And that, my dear Katie, is all of the rules I have.  And as you must
know, I love to spank.  It has been my passion since I was little as well.  I
have spanked every girl I've been with.  Not all were into spanking and some
denied it.  Lynda tried for me, but it isn't the same when one has to hold back
and gently tap a bottom. "

	He must have read my face and saw the shivers that went down my spine
and read them to be from fear.  " Don't worry.  We will start out slow to see
what you can handle."

	I nodded and smiled when he squeezed my hand.  We sat up when the
waitress approached.  " Would you like to order?"

	James looked at me and I shook my head.  I would not be able to eat now
if I were dying.  My whole body was electrified and all I could think of was
that I was finally where I wanted to be.  I was with an honest, well
experienced, Master of Discipline.  To double my pleasure he was my boss.  Now I
won't kick myself in the butt for weeks for mistakes.  He would take care of
them.  Chills ran down my spine and I blushed at him when I realized he was
watching me.

	" You haven't touched your beer."  He stated.  He took the last of his
and put it down.  " I tell you what.  Why don't we go back to the office, I will
give you your first spanking, then we will come back here and eat."  He gave me
such a look of a mixture of passion and dominance that I felt fear cool me for
just a split second.  I felt like pray about to be devoured.  But my curiosity,
with a lot of longing, got the better of me and I nodded.

	He paid for our drinks and helped me up.  The trip back to the office
was like a dream.  I couldn't talk because my mouth was so dry.  As we pulled up
to park I had a flash of fear and almost told him that I changed my mind.  I
watched him come around unable to move my legs at that time, and took his hand
when he reached down for me.  I know my smile was not anywhere matching his.  I
felt his hand squeeze my upper arm and that put some of my fears to rest.  I
have known him for two years now and know he wouldn't really hurt me.  I trusted
him. I still had butterflies in my stomach, my legs still felt weighted down as
we climbed the stairs to our office. 

	I watched as he unlocked the door and waited on the inside for him to
relock it.  I followed him back to his office through the dark and unearthly
quiet of the office.  " Won't someone hear us?"  I whispered as we went down the
hall.

	He chuckled and shook his head.  " No.  No one will hear, see, or bother
us here."

	He turned on the lamp by the love seat and then turned to me.  Those
eyes were again looking at me with that look.  Dark eyes filled with passion and
a mixture of animal lust for blood...or so it seemed.  Again I felt like pray
and stood before him feeling small and embarrassed by his gaze.  I dropped my
eyes and folded my hands before me.  He came to me and pulled me to him to give
me a long hug.  He ran his hands up and down my back and pulled my chin up so he
could kiss my forehead.

	" I know you are nervous Katie.  Don't be.  This is going to be a hand
spanking.  I will turn you over my knee and start lightly and build up to hard. 
We shall see what you can take."

	He pulled me deeper into the hug.  " Now."  And my stomach actually
dropped when I realized that his now meant Now.  He led me over to the wall and
took my hand to place it on the wall. " Put your other hand near it.  Good.  Now
spread your legs."  I did wondering what he was up to.  He bent down and had me
lift my left foot taking my shoe off and throwing it over by the chair.  He did
the same for the right.  I then felt his hands go under my skirt and blushed
more as he lowered my pantyhose and had me step out of them.  I watched him fold
them up and lay them neatly on his desk. 

 	" From now on no pantyhose.  They are too prohibiting."  He said next to
my ear sending shivers of pleasure down my back.  I had on a green Scottish
plaid mini skirt that had two buckles down the side and wrapped around and was
held by two buttons on either side of my waist.  He unbuckled the buckles and
got the first button with no problem, but fumbled for the second, which made me
give out a nervous giggle.  He bent down to kiss my neck as the skirt fell away
and I blushed again feeling the cool of the air on my now bare legs.  I felt my
bottom begin to ache for his touch and blushed knowing he was looking at it.  He
took a long time coming back from placing my skirt with my hose.

	My shirt went next and I had to close my eyes when the bra came off.  I
had nothing but panties on now.  I had worn black today, as I love black and
green together. 

	" Now, what will you wear from this point on?" He asked as he ran his
hands down the side of my waist and kissed my shoulders.

	" I will wear a skirt and white panties."  I whispered back.  I felt my
body reacting to his kisses and leaned back to invite more from him.  I stuck my
bottom out hoping he would rub it just so I could feel the warmth of his hand. 
When he chuckled I blushed but didn't stop.

	He put his hand on the waistband and teased me by running his finger
back and forth going a bit lower to my bottom each time.  It took me a bit to
realize that my panties were being lowered slowly. Every time his finger went to
my sides he would lower them.  It was painstakingly slow.  The fabric was
rubbing my bottom that needed to feel his touch, teasing it, making me move to
try and hurry it's decent up.  When my bottom cheeks were finally bared, I
wanted my bottom to be bare before him.  I wanted him to hurry up with it, to
quit this teasing, and spank me.  So when the rest came off in a hurry it threw
me and I looked to him to see what was up.  He smiled leaning over to kiss me
squeezing me bottom with his hand.

	" You have a very nice bottom, littleone.  I am going to enjoy spanking
it."  He took my right hand and led me over to the couch.  Again fear made me
think of backing out.  Curiosity once again beat out all of that.   I was here.
I have waited for this all my life.  I wanted to know if I could handle it. I
wanted the pleasure of the pain.  As I was going over his knee I told myself I
was crazy.  I had to be.  I jumped when his hand began to caress my bottom.  "
So soft and smooth.  You've got the under bottom that I enjoy spanking." His
hand went to the lower part of my bottom where the thighs and bottom meets and
he pinched both sides."  I blushed but was very happy he liked my bottom.  "
Great legs too.  Do not think that those thighs will be missing out on our
sessions."

	" Thank you." I managed. 

	I felt his hand reaching for my right one and I reached back to let him
hold it.  I liked that feeling of nearness that gave me.  The connection.  There
was the pause I had read so much and I felt my body react to it.  My bottom
clenched and unclenched. My hand looked for a way to hold on.  My mind told me
that this was crazy.  My body was saying no way are you backing out now.

	And then his first smack landed in the middle of my right cheek.  It was
louder than it felt and I jumped sure that someone could hear that.  There was
pause that made my body go through the whole emotional mix again.  And then the
next went to my left in the middle once more.  After those two spanks he began a
steady spanking pace that warmed me up to a nice burning on the inside of me. 
My bottom was warm and wanted a lot more.  I was keeping my bottom in rhythm to
his hand enjoying the sound and the feel. 

	He let go of my hand and sat up a bit.  He stopped the smacks and began
to rub my warm bottom making me, much to my embarrassment, wiggle for his touch.  
" Yes. I do believe we are going to be good together." He said watching my
bottom dancing under his touch. 

	He stopped rubbing and put his hand on the small of my back.  I knew
without having to be told that this next step was not going to be as pleasant.

	" Now Katie, this is going to be hard.  Not as hard as you will get in
the future.  I will not tolerate your behavior at work.  I can get into serious
trouble for some of the things you forgot to do this week.  Thankfully I found
those mistakes.  But who knows how long you've been ' daydreaming.'  I assure
you that I will call you back here at any time of the day if I should see you
daydreaming and not focused on your work.  And I will warn you that spanking
will be nothing like I'm giving now.  I will make sure your bottom is too sore
for you to sit much less daydream.  Do you understand?"

	I was scared to say the least.  I nodded and felt a sharp smack on my
bottom.

	" Do you understand?" 

	" Yes, sir."  I looked back at him hoping that a pout or the fear of
what he was about to do would help me.

	" Put your head down."  He ordered.

	I did and took a deep breath.  This was not going to be good. I read
enough stories to know that my position was not a good one.  I closed my eyes
and waited with held breath for that fabled ' first stinging smack ' and began
to squirm in my desire to protect my bottom.

	It, or they, came at lightening speed.  I had time to grab hold of the
couch and that was about it.  I let out a bunch of 'ows' as each spank landed on
my lower under cheeks he was just complimenting. They were hard and stingy but
not so I could not handle them.  I was just getting used to the sting when he
stopped after giving me about twenty.  He watched me squirm as I got used to the
sting and then began to rub my bottom once I calmed down.

	" So, my littleone, what did you think?"  He asked. 

	" Thank you My Lord.  I loved it." I said and looked up at him to smile.

	" Are you well warned?"  He asked raising his hand over my bottom.

	I couldn't help but squirm as I hurried a " Yes Sir."

	He chuckled and helped me up. I sat on his lap and cuddled feeling my
warmed bottom on the smoothness of his pants.  We held each other in the after
glow.  I wanted more but was afraid to ask.  I could feel that he enjoyed it and
I wondered if our relationship would go to that level as well.   I looked at him
and was curious about how he made love to a woman. Shivers of desire went
throughout my body, which he felt and pulled me closer to him.

	" Cold?"  He asked.

	I nodded.

	" Why don't you get dressed and we will go eat." He helped me up. 

	As I dressed I watched him and thought about how he would be in bed.  He
had to be dominant as that is his nature.  How does a dominant do in bed? 
Curiosity was going to do me in. 




Part 3

    	Before I left James Friday night we made plans on how we would meet for
Sunday.  He would drop by my house and pick me up.  We would go over to have
dinner at Gary's house and then come back to my place for after dinner drinks.  	

	I left for home and spent that night as well as the whole of Saturday
thinking of what James did to my bottom, what he was going to do in the future,
and what I hoped he would do.  	

	He said he would come by early so that we would have some time to '
spank around'.  I felt myself blushing and grinned as I looked out my window for
the up-tenth time for his arrival.  I looked around my house to make sure
everything was in place.  This was his first visit ever to my house and I wanted
it to be perfect.  This was my Master, My Lord, and I wanted him to like being
here.  Seeing it as being ordered I turned back to the window and found him
pulled into my driveway.		

	Nothing could explain my feelings well enough as I watched him getting
out of his car in my driveway.  My stomach began to flutter, my bottom, as well
as the rest of me, began to ache for his touch, and I had to take deep breaths
to try to calm down as I opened the door.  	He had gone to the trunk of his
car to remove a large duffle bag.  Curiosity was enough to temporarily ease my
body's reactions to his arrival. 

	" What is in the bag?"  I asked as I let him in.

	He chuckled as he sat it down by the door and pulled me into a hug.  We
kissed and held each other.  I enjoyed the long hug.  I enjoyed the feel of his
strong body as he held me near him.  I enjoyed the smell of his cologne that
sent the scent of dominance to my brain causing my body to react.  I actually
began to feel lightheaded I was getting so turned on.

	" That is my bag of toys." He answered my question.  " I have all kinds
of evil things in there that will keep my little one a good girl."

	I pulled away from him to look into those eyes that again made me feel
as if I were prey.  " What kind of toys?"  I took a deep breath to try and calm
down my body, which began to tremble.

	" Oh little one, you will find out."  He let me go and reached down to
pick it up.  " As a matter of fact we have time to explore a bit now.  Show me
to your room little one."  His tone was light and teasing, his eyes were
twinkling, but his words sent shivers down to my toes.  I had to force myself to
show the way to my room. 

	" Do you want to see the rest of the place?  Do you want a drink?" I
asked looking back with a bit of fear in my eyes.

	He grinned but shook his head.  " No thank you to the drink, and you
will be showing the rest of the house." 

	He looked around my room once we entered.  He placed his bag on top of
my bed and sat down beside it.  " Come here little one."  He said to me holding
out his hand.  I took it and was pulled to stand between his legs.  " Kneel
down."  I went down on my knees to look up at him.  He took my hands and
squeezed them.  He let go of my right to run his fingers gently down my cheek. 
His voice was light but serious. " I am going to begin your training now little
one.  As we are now all sessions will begin.  I am going to show you the
position you will take every time I tell you to.  I am then going to spank your
bottom.  We will start light but we will be moving to hard.  You will be marked
little one."  He took my hand again and had me look him in the eye.  " Will you
take my marks little one?"

	I nodded unable to talk.  I was a bit fearful of what he would be doing
to my bottom.  I looked at his bag and felt that tingle of fear one feels when
they know they are in trouble and wished they could get out of it.  He shook my
hands,

 	" I am not going to harm you."

	I grinned and blushed at him.  " I know My Lord."

	He pulled me into a good long hug before letting me go. 

	" Stand up."  He ordered.  I stood up.  " Strip."  I hesitated.  That
was not expected and I was not sure I wanted to be naked just yet.  I know he
has already seen me naked but this was different.  I felt like I was being
assessed and that made me feel embarrassed and ashamed of my body.

	" Do not disobey me now little one.  I do not want to punish you."  I
heard the warning and took it.  I stripped myself of everything and stood before
him feeling embarrassed and ashamed. 

	" Put your hands above your head and turn around.  Do not stop until I
tell you."  I did as told and felt my face turn red.  I looked at his eyes each
time I turned and saw them watching me, making me feel more like prey about to
be devoured with each turn.  I grew more embarrassed with each turn of my body,
seeing all of my body's flaws and wishing I could cover up.

	He stood and took my right hand.  " You should not be embarrassed of
your body little one."  He smiled as our eyes met.  I had no idea he could tell
what I was thinking. " You have a great body."  I blushed and smiled looking at
my feet. 

	" Thank you My Lord."  I answered. 

	I climbed on my bed, as that was where his hand was directing me to go,
wondering what he was up to.

	" I am going to show you the position."  He answered my question.  " I
want you in the middle of the bed.  Head down.  Hands before you left over
right, bottom up, legs spread wide."  His hands directed me into position.  Once
I was in it he moved away and lifted his bag.  I turned to watch what he would
do.  " Keep your head down, no looking."  I put my head down and listened to him
as he moved the bag to the bottom of my bed.    

	I heard metal clicking together and against wood.  I heard and felt the
items put on the end of my bed.  I felt my body react by jumping as he tapped
each item against his hand before setting it on my bed.  I also felt the tingle
of excitement going throughout my body as well as fear.  I prayed, as I lay
there now feeling very much a submissive and vulnerable to him that I could
handle what he dished out.  And I wanted to prove to him that I could.

	After what seemed an eternity I felt him move from the end of my bed to
come to me.  He sat down on the bed and began to softly run his hand down my
back going everywhere but my bottom making me need his touch and leaning towards
him for it.  I jumped when he finally began to rub my bottom. 

	" You have such a nice bottom little one."  He got on his knees beside
me putting his left hand on the small of my back still rubbing my bottom with
his right.  When his hand left to rise above me I nearly moved to avoid the
spank I knew was coming.  It was a light spank centered to my right cheek and
followed on my left.  I sighed with the spank and raised my bottom to meet his
hand.  He stopped and stood. 

	" Stand up little one." He ordered.

	I stood looking in his eyes to see why he stopped.  He sat down on my
bed and took me over his knee.  " Hold on little one.  Do not block me.  Do not
raise your head up.  Do you understand?"

	" Yes sir." I whispered back to him.

	He began to spank my bottom in short steady hard spanks.  They stung
from the beginning and had me owing and holding on.  I squirmed and rocked with
his hand as he went back and forth all over my bottom, going as far down to my
tender underside and back up again.  When he increased to hard and quick I
doubled my efforts to stay in position.  I had to breath with each spank as it
rained down on my bottom and was thankful when it was over.  I stayed on his lap
rocking my bottom back and forth enjoying the sting that he created.  When my
body calmed down he lifted me up to have me kneel before him.

	" How are you doing little one?" He asked as he searched my face.	

	I grinned at him.  " I am doing fine My Lord." 

	He nodded.  " How is your bottom?"	

	" The sting is gone My Lord."  I answered truthfully.  " I am still
warm."  I added hoping I did not upset him.

	" I have selected a few instruments from my bag.  Since we are testing
your limits tonight I will allow you to chose which you wish to feel first."  
He stood pulling me up with him to take me to the end of my bed.

	On my bed I saw a wicked fraternity paddle, a long wooden spoon, a very
thick strap, a small thick looking ruler, which I later found out was a stinger,
a ping-pong paddle, and a small leather strap with a split in it.   I chose the
ruler.

	He took it from me and led me back to my bed.  He sat down pulling me
over his knee once he was in position.  He began to rub the ruler on my bottom.

	" This is a small spanking stick, or stinger.  It may be small in size
and look harmless but it's got quite a sting to it."  He began to lightly tap my
bottom.  I began to squirm waiting for the gentle taps to turn to stinging
spanks.  He stopped tapping and began to rub again.  Then a sting landed so fast
I jerked and turned to look back at him.

	" Stay in the position."  He warned.  He continued to rub the stinger as
I got back in position.  I grabbed my blankets and put my head down determined
to stay in position. I could not stop my body from swaying and jumping when he
raised his hand to begin spanking my bottom with the stinger.  There was a lot
of sting to it.  I found myself holding on tight to keep in position and making
a bunch of noises as he spanked every inch of my bottom.  My bottom was hot when
he stopped and I swayed back and forth breathing with the pain. 

	" How are you doing my little one?"  He asked rubbing the stinger around
my bottom. 

	" I am fine My Lord."  I didn't lift my head as I turned to look back at
him.  I was hoping that he was done with that thing.  I was not sure I could
handle more.

	" It seems my little one, that you have a high level of tolerance."  He
helped me up.  " I just marked your bottom quite well and you are not crying."

	I rubbed my bottom feeling the marks and smiled at him.  He grinned back
and pulled me into a hug.  When he pulled away he looked at the instruments on
my bed.  I nervously watched as he put down the stinger and lifted the strap. 

	" My Lord?"  I could not help whisper.  I was a bit afraid now.  My
bottom was still warm which would intensify the feel of the strap.  I bit my
bottom lip and gave him what I hoped was a pout that said I had enough.

	" Put your hands on the bed little one."  He said as he stepped away
from me to take a position behind me.

	I put my hands on the bed but did nothing else.  He looked at me and I
could tell he was not upset, but he was not playing either.  He pushed my head
down and used his foot to guide my legs back. 

	" Spread your legs and put your bottom out little one.  I need a
target."

	I blushed as I moved back into position.  I gripped the bed as tight as
I could and looked at the floor. I could see his legs as he moved to stand
behind me.  I saw the stance he took as he aligned the strap with my bottom and
felt chills going down my back and to my toes.  	I jumped when the strap
rested on my bottom and let out a nervous giggle as he rubbed it around.  I felt
the movement of his body as he lifted the strap and stepped to give me my first
swat.  It stung so that I sucked in my breath and held it. I lifted my head and
rocked up and down as I eased out my breath with the sting.  He was rubbing the
strap below the area of the first swat. 

	I had to fight to not move when he lifted the strap again.  I gripped
the bed with all my strength and tried my best to not clench my bottom.  I
remember reading somewhere that clenching made it hurt more.  Not clenching is
hard but at least I had something to focus on instead of watching his feet as
they stepped into the swing that put another stinging spank to my lower bottom. 
I got up on that one and grabbed my bottom. 

	" Get back into position." He ordered from behind me.	I got back down
quickly and rocked up and down breathing hard with the sting of that swat. 
Saying the whole time...owowowowowow.  		" One more little one."  He said
quietly from above me.  He began to rub my back and bottom with his hand
stopping to pinch the welts the strap left, causing my body to react in ways I
never knew it could.  My legs were beginning to go weak for some reason.  He was
beside me out of his position that he used to strap me.  I relaxed just a bit
and welcomed his touch.  I turned to look up at him and saw his eyes.  They were
dark now and held that bloodlust look that sent shivers down my spine and made
the butterflies in my stomach awaken. 

	" Head down little one." He gently reminded me.  I wanted to say that I
my head was down but turned to look at the floor instead.  I figured now would
not be the time to question or push the limit on the rules.  If head down meant
do not look, then so be it.

	I could see his legs and feet though and they took the position behind
me.  I saw his feet lift slightly and step with the swing of the strap as it
landed on the top of my thighs.  I could not help but yell out on that swat.  I
gripped the covers and buried my face to yell owowowow in the covers.  I danced
with the sting and wanted to rub my bottom so bad. 

	" You may get up little one."  He said.  I felt the strap land on my bed
as I got up to rub the sting.  He watched with amusement as I danced and rubbed. 

	" So what did you think of your first strapping little one?"  He asked
pulling me to him.  I held him tight as I thought of what he did to my bottom. 
I liked the feel of his body close to mine, the contrast of his body warming up
the front of me, and the warmth of my bottom behind me.  He began to rub my
bottom and I could feel the welts that both instruments left on me.  The
strapping stung and was heavy.  It went deep into my bottom and I could tell
that I would be feeling the marks for a while.  Which was okay by me.  I like to
feel the marks and will squirm on my chair so that I can be reminded of them. 
It makes me feel good.  

	" I liked it My Lord."  I said to his chest, which was an
understatement.

	" I liked it too little one.  But that will be one instrument we will
have to stay away from for a while."  He pulled away from me and grinned.  " You
may have a high tolerance for pain, but your bottom does not.  That last one cut
you a bit." 

	" It did?"  I tried to look. 

	He turned me around to look himself.  " I do not like cutting you little
one."  He rubbed his hand on a welt.  " It will be fine, it's just a scratch. 
But we will wait to use that until we get your bottom built up for it."	I felt
my face blush and grinned at him.  I do that when I am embarrassed.  My bottom
built up.  I never read anything about that before.  I had no idea what to say
or do.	He grinned back and pulled me into another hug that I once again relaxed
into enjoying the touch and smell of him.  I know you must think I am weird
saying that part, but smell is just as important as touch.  The smell of leather
is intoxicating on it's own.

	" Tell me little one, are you protected?"  He asked it so bluntly that I
felt myself blushing all over again.	" Yes My Lord."  I bit my lip and looked
down to the ground.

	" Good.  Because we are going to have another session when we get back
from Gary's."  He pulled away to look at me.  " Will that be all right?"	
" Yes My Lord."  I grinned at him.  " I cannot wait."	He grinned back and
pulled me back to him.  " I would call Gary and tell him we cannot make it, but
Alice went through a lot of trouble for us.  We have to go."	" That is fine. 
We have all night."	" Yes we do.  All weekend for that matter.  Get dressed
little one.  Let us get going so we can get back."  	He left me alone.  I got
dressed enjoying the pull of the welts. I went to peek in the mirror before
pulling up my panties and liked the redness I saw.  I had bruises from the top
of my bottom to the top of my thighs.  I was a bit surprised that I was marked
so well.  But I loved it.  The strap marks were bigger and deeper purple.  I
looked to see where I had been cut and could not find it.  I was fully satisfied
with the direction my curiosity got me into this time.  And it seems that my
question of whether he was dominant in bed was going to be answered too.  I
grinned as I finished dressing.  Curiosity can be a good thing after all.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littleone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





