BDSM Library - Sandy's Dreams Come True




Sandy's Dreams Come True
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife fantasizes about sex with black men.  She is abducted and forced to become a public sex slave for a dominant black man and his many friends, including making X-rated videos and performing in a stage show.
Sandy's Dreams Come True

Sandy was home alone again.  Her husband was out of town for 10 days this time,
and it was Friday night.  She had come home from work, changed out of her formal
business attire, into a loose sweat suit, and now as usual her fingers were
sliding inside the waist band as she began her common series of fantasies.  They
always revolved around a powerful black man, or black men, with big hard cocks. 
Sometimes she was cooperative, and sometimes they used force, but it always
ended the same, with her exhausted after many orgasms. 

She had never actually been fucked by a black man, but the idea had dominated
her fantasies every since her white racist father had had a fit when he saw her
walking near a black boy who she did not even know well.  Now her fingers were
rubbing her clit, and her mind was imagining tonight's star.  Her long red hair
flowed loosely around her shoulders as her fingers flew more rapidly through her
orange bush.  Her ample 34D tits began to rise and fall rubbing against her
sweat suit as their pink tips became hard.  Her long slim legs spear wide to
give her fingers access to her moist pussy.  With one hand she began to rub her
hard nipples through the sweat shirt.  She began to pant and moan lowly as her
fantasy unraveled, tonight in some dark park with two strangers.

Suddenly there was a load knock on the door.  She sat straight upright.  "Oh my
God", she thought, "whoever it is could have seen me through the window.  Who
could it be?"  She was not expecting anyone.  She quickly got up, very
flustered, went to the door, and without thinking opened it immediately.

Standing there was a tall, very muscular black man.  He must have been about
6'3" and at least 250 lbs, with broad powerful shoulders.  Without thinking she
asked him, "Yes, what do your want?"

Without a word he stepped into the house, grasped both of her shoulders firmly,
and proclaimed, "I am the answer to all your dreams.  Tonight all your hidden
fantasies will come true."

She tried to object, but he kicked the door closed, forced both hands behind
her, holding them together with one powerful hand.  Next he grabbed the front on
her sweatshirt, pulled it up over her head with one easy motion pulling it all
way down her arms, further restricting her arms behind her.  Her ample tits
popped out as if at attention, jiggling with her still hard nipples projecting
firmly.  The man leaned over and forcefully kissed her as his hand began to
rather roughly massage her breast, squeezing and twisting the nipple. 

"Now," he began, "are you going to be a cooperative little white slut, or do I
have to use more encouragement?"

"I am not a white slut!" she proclaimed.  "I am a wife, and a ....."  She was
cut off by a hard slap to her face. 

"Ok," he said, "Have it your way."  From his pocket it pulled out a length of
clothesline, forcing her hands high, and pulling one leg out from under her with
his foot, he forced her to her knees.  Holding her arms high behind her with
both hands, he worked her sweatshirt over her hands, and then began to tie her
elbows tight together.  He held them so high that she was bent forward with her
head touching the carpet, on her knees with her ass in the air.  He finished
tying her elbows tightly together, then ran the rope down her arms and began
tying her wrists together.  Next, he pulled her roughly to her feet and began to
strip off her pants leaving her only in her tiny white bikini panties. 

Without a word he forced her back on her knees, forced her legs wide apart with
kicks at her inner thighs, and then shoved a step stool between her legs so she
could not close them.  Next he tied the end of the rope to the back of the step
stool so she could not move.

He walked around in front of her and slowly began to take off his belt.  It was
black leather about 2" thick with metal studs.  Next he unzipped his pants and
slowly lowered them.  With his crotch only inches from her face, he began to
lower his boxers, revealing the largest cock Sandy had ever seen so closely.  It
was not yet fully erect but was already at least 9" and thick.  Smiling, he
began to slowly stroke it in front of her face and then began to slap her cheeks
with it.  "You want it, don't you bitch, and you want this big cock slamming
into your little white cunt, don't you?" he yelled at her.  She wanted it, she
knew she did, but she kept her mouth tightly shit.

"You're going to suck it any time I tell you to, do you hear me bitch?" H yelled
directly into her face.  He stepped back one step, folded the belt double in his
hand, and brought the metal studded whip down directly across both breasts.  She
screamed in surprise and pain.  The studs stabbed into her tender tits, and the
broud leather left a mark clear across them.  Again he raised his hand and again
the belt came down, faster now again and again.  Now she was screaming with
pain, as well as excitement.  Her tits were turning red with welts where the
belt hit and bright red marks showing the path of each stud.  Several of the
deeper ones began to weep a drop of blood.  She was screaming out of control
now.

Suddenly he stopped.  "Are your ready now, Bitch?" He commanded.  She just
nodded, trying to catch her breath, and opened her mouth wide.  He was in no
hurry.  He fed the tip around her lips and over her tongue.  "Lick it, bitch!"
He commanded.  Dutifully she extended her tongue and ran up and down his cock as
he guided her.  He forced her tongue to his balls, fed them into her mouth, and
then forced her tongue up and down his huge cock.  Slowly at first he fed her
the tip, in and out, always with his hands on her head, controlling her.  Then
deeper, he began to rock it in and out forcing her head just as far as he
wanted.  Now it was reaching the back of her throat, in and out in a very
measured face fuck. 

He grasped her firmly under the jaw and behind the head, and slowly pushed
forward, forcing his cock deep down her throat.  She had deep-throated several
men, but never anything this size.  She knew how to hold her breath, and control
her gagging reflex, but this one stretched her throat wide and threatened to
chock her anyway. 

He pulled out and she gasped for air.  Slowly he fed it down her throat again. 
In and out she managed to get her breathing in control with his thrusts, not
that she had much choice.  With both hands around her head he forced her
wherever he wanted.  Continuing at a very managed pace He kept fucking her face
and throat, plunging so deep his balls slapped on her chin, then pulling back
and forcing her throat open again, back and forth, back and forth.  She began to
realize that he had no intention of cumming, he was just fucking her to show her
who was boss, and he certainly was that at the moment.

Finally he stopped.  "Good cock-sucker," he exclaimed as he slapped her face
with his still hard cock.  Holding her mouth open, he spat directly into her
mouth.  "Swallow it, bitch," he commanded.  She complied, helpless under his
hands.  "You will swallow anything I tell you to, do you understand, bitch?" 
She just nodded, trying to keep down the spit and snot he had shot into her
gapping mouth.

Suddenly he untied her hands and forced her to her feet.  "Loose the panties,
bitch," he commanded.   She struggled with her hands still tied behind her to
work the waste band down over her hips.  Then wiggled and wiggled to get them
down.  Finally she succeeded and they fell around her ankles.  He just nodded,
and reached down and grabbed her pussy, running his fingers through the orange
bush, and then forcing one finger deep into her sopping wet pussy.  The face
fucking had made her pussy so wet she was sure both her panties and the step
stool were soaked.  He just smiled.  "You're a hot one aren't you bitch?" he
laughed.   Pulling her bound arms high behind her he forced her to lean forward
and steered her toward the dining room table.  Without saying another word he
forced her face down over the table.  With hard kicks to the inside of her legs
he forced her to spread them until they were as wide as the table.  With her
hands held high she was helpless splayed open to him.

She felt his hard cock running over the surface of her cunt.  Her clit was
caught right on the edge of the table and rubbed hard against it every time he
pushed her forward.  She could feel the juices from her cunt dripping down her
lips and onto the floor.  She could not help it.  She had never felt so turned
on. 

Slowly he began to feed just the tip of his prodigious cock into her small
pussy, spreading her wet lips wide.  Slowly he rocked back and forth going
deeper and deeper.  She began to gasp and moan as the huge invader stretcher
her.  She had never had anyone this big insider her before.  Ever her largest
dildo was not much bigger.  Slowly he worked it deeper and deeper, always in
control, then faster and faster.  Now he was bottoming on her cervix.  She cried
every time he hit home.  Faster and harder he continued to fuck her.  She began
to loose control.  She was always a screamer, and now with this huge cock
plowing into her, and her clit getting squashed with every thrust, she could not
hold back.  She was crying and screaming.  She wanted to say stop but the word
would not come. 

Deep insider her belly she felt the fire begin to come, building and building. 
Her screams gave way to breathless gasps as it began to explode, her mouth
gapped open in a silent scream as her whole body began to shake and shake.  The
huge orgasm which had been building now for an hour began to break and her whole
body shuddered uncontrollably as the huge cock continued to plow in and out in
and out, at the pace He desired. 

She nearly lost consciousness as the orgasm peaked, but as she began to come to
she realized  He was not done with her.  He had slowed, but was still plowing in
and out at a steady controlled pace.  She could not believe it, but she began to
feel the fire slowly build up a second time, keeping her in perfect control, he
slowly picked up the pace until she was on the verge again.  He teased her by
slowing slightly, then speeding up again.  Finally he took her over the edge a
second time.  First she screamed then the sound stopped as she shook and shook
as if in a seizure.  She was smashing her own head on the table, totally out of
control, and then she did loose consciousness this time.  When she came too she
first felt his hard cock still buried deep insider her cunt.  As she began to
regain her breath, she was crying like a baby, tears of emotion running down her
cheeks. 

But He was not done with her yet.  Slowly he began to fuck her yet a third time. 
Slowly, slowly speeding up his master fucking.  She could feel the fire build in
her belly for a third time but she was too exhausted to hardly scream at all. 
She was just moaning and crying, and she felt herself totally loosing all
control of her body.  It responded on its own, pushing back against him wanting
more, more, more cock, more fucking, harder, and harder.  The third huge orgasm
began to break over her, her jaw was clenched and little guttural sounds came
from her throat like a big cat in heat.  Growls, and animal sounds not
recognizable as human.  She began to shake and shake uncontrollable.  Finally
her back arched backward, her mouth fell wide open, her eyes glazed over, a low
growling scream came from somewhere deep inside her, and she collapsed forward,
totally unconscious.

She did not know how long she was unconscious.  When she came too she was untied
and lying sprawled on her bed upstairs.  She was vaguely aware of some small
flashes as he took pictures of her naked body with a digital camera.  She sort
of fell asleep for a minute and awoke to see Him rummaging through her dresser. 
He pulled out some black stockings and a black garter belt which she had not
worn for a long time and through them on the bed next to her.  Next he went to
her closet with a number of comments under his breath which indicated his
displeasure with her wardrobe.  Finally he pulled out a rather translucent silk
blouse and through it on the bed.  Again he looked through the closet, and way
in the back found a short leather skirt which she had almost forgotten was
there.  Growling that it would have to do, he through it on the bed.

Sitting down beside her, he slapped her face to get her attention, grabbed one
tit and twisted it to wake her up.  With a yelp of pain she came further awake. 
"Get dressed, bitch," He ordered.  With shaking hands she tried to get the
stockings on.  Finally, with a great deal of effort, she managed to get her
shaking hands to work enough to get on the stockings and fasten the garter belt. 
She pulled on the blouse, not daring to ask about a bra, and began to button it. 
He stopped her part way up.  Taking a small knife he cut off the top two buttons
so she could button it no further.  It gapped to below her breasts, allowing
anyone to see the sides of her breasts from either side.  She did not dare to
complain, but began to pull on the skirt.  She had not worn it in years, so it
was rather tight.  I only came to about mid-thigh, so it barely covered to top
of her stockings, and were she to bend forward the bottom of her ass would
probably be exposed, but by now she only did exactly as she was told.

"You don't have any decent shoes, bitch," he complained, throwing her some low
pumps.  "You will just have to buy some."  With that he grabbed her elbow and
began to lead her downstairs.  He rummaged through her purse, taking out her
wallet and her car keys, then directed her down the stairs to the garage.  "You
drive, bitch," he ordered.  She got in fumbling with the keys.  She heard the
garage door open, and felt him next to her with one hand on her thigh and a
finger resting on her clit.

He directed her to a nearby Wal-Mart.  She shopped there often and even knew one
of the managers.  As they got out and walked into the store she realized that
security cameras would be recording it, showing her driving her own car, very
voluntarily into a public place with this man.  He directed her up one aisle and
down another, right past a security guard who she thought she recognized, to the
shoe aisle.  He asked her size, woman's 7, and finally picked out a pair of dark
high heels with nearly 3" heels.  They were a little like sandals with open
toes, but had straps that fastened tightly around the ankle so they would not
fall off, nor could they be taken off without unbuckling them.  He led her back
to the cash register, giving her wallet back so she could pay for them.  "Use
credit, bitch," he whispered.  She dutifully swiped her credit card, and as the
clerks were instructed, the saleswoman checked her credit card, signature, and
identification.  She realized that anyone seeing the surveillance video would
have not doubt that it was she making the purchase, and voluntarily accompanying
this man.

They left and returned slowly to the car.  He forced her to change shoes right
there.  She rarely wore high heels, and these were very hard to balance on.  She
stumbled as he directed her back into the driver's seat.  Next, he directed her
to a small shopping center which she had never visited.  In the middle was a
small store with paper covering the windows.  He directed her inside, where she
saw all sorts of sex toys, including leather cuffs, blindfolds, and a great
variety of whips.  There were also racks and racks of videos and in the back
apparently some viewing booths.

He talked with the man behind the counter for some time, both of them laughing
and sometimes pointing at her or some of the bondage gear around the store. 
Finally, He returned to her and led her over to a rack containing what looked
like dog collars.  He sorted through them, and finally found one he liked.  It
was black leather with rhinestones, but had a digital lock.  He tried it on her
neck for size, and then returned it sorting through the stack for a smaller one. 
Finally he produced a similar one which could barely go around her neck.  He
played with the locking mechanism for a minute, and then put it around her neck. 
When it was snapped in place it was so tight she could barely swallow.  She
tried swallowing and it was an effort.  Next he found a matching leash, and
snapped it on.  With them he led her back to the counter.  "Pay the man, bitch,"
he demanded.  Dutifully she produced her credit card, paid for the items, and
signed the slip.  He took her wallet, and with her new leash he led her out to
the car.  This time he placed her in the passenger seat, knotting the leash
around the headrest.  She did not know it at the time, but she would become much
more familiar with this little shop of horrors.




Part 2

Her new black Master drove Sandy across town.  On the way he stopped and made
her fill the car with gas, and go into a liquor store and buy a bottle of
whiskey.  Each time she knew that security cameras would be recording her doing
these things without apparent coercion, in public areas.  Master had set it up
well.  If she every tried to say she was not a willing participant public
cameras would prove her very willing in a court of law. 

Finally He parked behind a club deep inside the black side of town.  He took her
by the leash and led her into the dimly lit bar.  He directed her to the bar,
and seated her on a bar stool, where the height would show off her white upper
thighs. 

She saw herself in the mirror, and it was a shock.  Her red hair hung down
around her face in a mussed tangle thanks to her recent violent love making or
was it rape?  She still had on some lipstick, but it was smeared.  Her skin was
extremely white, especially in this bar where there was not another white person
to bed seen.  Her large breasts jutted out against the thin silk blouse, which
was gapping so far open that the sides of both tits were exposed.  Her nipples
stood out like hard little lumps, and even though they were rather pale pink
both their color and shape were clearly visible.  The short leather skirt was
really too tight, pulling in her slim waist and clinging to her hips like a
second skin.  Balancing on the bar stool in her extremely high heels, she could
not help but expose the glaringly white top of her thigh above her black
stockings.  To her shock she realized that some portion of the floor was
actually square mirrored tiles so that anyone looking down at the right angle
could look right up her skirt and see her naked pussy.  She began to blush
bright crimson as she realized how exposed she was in this hostile environment.

Master came over and gave her a drink.  "Start a tab, bitch,." He ordered.  She
produced her credit card and gave it to the bar keeper.  He produced a slip
which she noticed had no total on it yet, but she signed it anyway.  Master was
talking with several men a little way down the bar.  They were laughing and
pointing, but she could not understand anything they were saying.  She sipped at
her drink.  It was strong.  She almost gagged.  She sipped more daintily.  It
must have been nearly straight whiskey.  Soon she began to suspect there might
be something else in it, for she began to feel tingle, and a very excited,
nervous feeling began to radiate inside her.  Her pussy too began to tingle and
feel even more excited then it had been before.  To avoid all the eyes around
her, she drank faster.  Before she knew it the first glass was empty and another
replaced it.  After the third drink she looked up and began to admire the
red-headed slave/hooker across the bar.  She had on a tight collar, her tits
were practically hanging out, and her short skirt barely covered her pussy. 
Then the shock hit her, that was her!

Master came over, grabbed her by the arm and helped her across the bar to a low
stage.  Spot lights came on as he helped her up.  "Alright, dance bitch," he
ordered, as a loud base-heavy beat began to shake the bar.  She could barely
stand in her very high heels, especially in this drunk and drugged state, but
she tried to move as much as possible.  The deep base began to get inside her. 
The low pitched beat seemed to shake her pussy with every pulse, like a very low
frequency vibrator.  She could feel her juices begin to flow.  As the alcohol
and drugs took control she began to sway back and forth thrusting out her
pelvis.  At the shouts of the men she leaned over and shook her boobs back and
forth.  Soon her blouse was completely unbuttoned and her tits were shaking back
and forth to the music.  She felt hands reach up and rub the inside of her
thighs.  Two men were suddenly beside her with their hands on her ass and pussy,
running up and down her thighs. 

The music decreased somewhat, and she realized that Master was on the stage with
a microphone.  "Alright," he began, "on the board with have the items for sale,
and we will begin the bidding with number one, her bush."  Sandy could not
understand what they were talking about.  She continued to dance, but she was
feeling faint and the two men were now more holding her up then just fondling
her.  The bidding went on, but she could not understand the items.  Something
about her mouth, her tits, her pussy, but she could not understand.  At one
point she remembered seeing a man with a video camera, but it was all a blur.

Finally the bidding was over.  She was nearly unconscious from the booze, drugs,
and exercise of dancing as two men lifted her off the stage and placed her on
her back on a table.  She barely noticed that her skirt was pulled up around her
waist.  She saw a glint of metal as Master approached her with a pair of
scissors.  He grasped a handful of her orange pussy hair and began to cut it off
very close to her skin.  He carefully took the orange pubic hair and put it in a
small plastic bag.  When he was done, there was just a stubble.  He handed the
bag to one man, and motioned for a second to come forward.

She felt something warm and wet being spread on her pussy and down the crack of
her ass.  She was pulled to the end of the table and her legs held high and
apart so that her pussy and ass were fully exposed.  The second man Master had
motioned forward began to run a razor over the sensitive folds of her pussy,
down the crack of her ass, and back.  Carefully he shaved every bit, inserting
two big fingers into her pussy to give a firm backing to the blade moving over
her lips.  Finally, he raised the razor in triumph. 

Now she was pulled further up the table until her head hung over the edge. 
Someone grabbed her long red hair and pulled it down ward.  She heard a snipping
noise and a portion of her long hair was gone.  It was passed out to a couple of
men, again in plastic bags.  When they were done her hair was more of a page boy
length.

Now the excitement in the room was rising.  Two men came forward and grabbed her
arms they were pulled down and tied to the legs of the table.  Her legs two were
spread wide to the sides of the table and strapped to the legs.  Her blouse lay
fully open, her skirt around her waist, and her mouth gapping over as her head
lolled off the end of the table.

Another man approached her head.  His cock was smaller than Master's, but still
big and black.  He was stroking it as he slapped her mouth with it.  In this
position her eyes were below his balls and they slapped against her forehead and
eyes and he played his organ over her face.  Grabbing her head by the jaw and
back he began to feed his cock into her mouth.  Tied as she was, she was totally
helpless.  The man began to ram his cock deep down her throat.  She tried to get
her breathing stable, but it was difficult.  He was not as gentle as Master, and
he rammed repeatedly deep into her throat, not giving her time to breath. 
Faster and faster he pumped, until she felt him begin to spasm.  Suddenly it was
as if a firehose went off in her throat.  She desperately tried to swallow the
cum as it shot down her throat.  She sputtered and chocked, trying to clear it,
swallowing up and down into her belly.  He rammed in again and again as the last
of the fluid drained out of her mouth, dripping onto the floor, running down her
nose, into her eyes, and into the remains of her hair. 

As soon as the first man was done a second came forward.  His cock was not yet
fully hard as he fed it over her lips.  Still sputtering from the cum in her
throat she tried to lick and suck on it as best she could.  He put his balls in
her mouth and had her suck on them. Then when his cock was fully erect, he
walked around and climbed up on the table.  He stuck two fingers into Sandy's
pussy, as if judging his target.  The slowly lowered his large cock to her new
nude pussy.  Passed the moist lips it went, deeper and deeper, until he bottomed
on her cervix.  She gasped as he did.  Now he began to pump up and down, in and
out faster and faster.  He was not in this for her pleasure, but his.  He was
fast and rough, and it was not long before his cock exploded insider her,
sending his black seed spewing deep into her womb.  She thought it would never
end, so much jism, so much cum, filling her cunt.  She could hear it squishing
as he pulled in and out milking every last drop of juice out of his cock. 
Finally he too was done, and stood up with a proud hooray.

Now the lower bidders came forward.  A second man raped her mouth, sending
another flood of  cum down her throat, over her face and matting in her hair.  A
third went for her mouth, but sprayed his cum over her breasts, massaging the
white, sticky mess all over them.  A second climbed on top of her and fucked her
pussy hard and fast, pulling out to send his seed all over her belly, ponding in
her belly button.  Still another had them untie her legs and raised them up
until her knees were on her shoulders.  Master came forward at this point with a
word of warning, but the man rammed his cock into her pussy and again quickly
came, spraying his juice all the way up to her face.

Apparently three was the number of accepted bids, because at this point Sandy
was untied, and Master lead her to the back of the bar to a bathroom.  Another
woman appeared to help him, and she took charge of cleaning Sandy up.  Her
ministrations were almost gentle.  She washed the matted cum off her face,
breasts and belly.  She massaged some type of cream on her bruised tits which
made them hurt less.  Finally, she combed her hair, having removed all of the
matted cum she could.  She dressed in the same skirt and blouse, and then helped
her put on a little fresh make up from her own handbag.

Finally she led Sandy back to the bar where Master was sitting on a stool
counting his money.  He led Sandy out into the middle of the floor and had her
bow to all present, then led her by the leash and collar back to her car. 

Master drove her home, parking in her own garage, and led her upstairs.  He
poured her a drink from the whiskey she had bought.  The warmth began to flow
through her.  Master had one himself and then gave her a second.  The alcohol
began to hit her hard.  Master led her upstairs.  He took off her blouse and
skirt as she stood like a manikin.  Slowly he undressed until he stood naked
before her.  He began to kiss her and run his hands over her much used body.  It
was as if a stick of dynamite went off inside her.  She could feel her bruised
pussy begin to moisten rapidly.  She felt her bruised tits begin to stiffen as
his hands moved over her tits, twisting, massaging the nipples.  He lowered one
hand to her pussy, pushing in one, two, then three fingers, swirling them around
inside.  Then he ran one finger over her clit, grasped it with a second and
began to twirl it around.  She was gasping already.  His touch was magical.

He forced her to her knees and fed her his big cock.  She did not hesitate, but
took it eagerly into her mouth.  Sucking on it like a hungry dog.  Master lifted
her up and led her to the bed.  He laid her on her stomach and proceeded to tie
her hands and feet to the far corners of the bed so she was completely helpless
and spread eagled.  He picked up some rasberry flavored lubricant from her night
stand and began to rub it over her pussy and ass.  I took a large amount and
made a puddle around her ass hole, then massaged it in with one finger.  She
knew what was coming.  She had had anal sex only a couple of times, so she
started to complain, but she was too far gone with whiskey and tied too tight to
make any resistance.

Master reached under her and began to massage her clit.  Suddenly she did not
want to resist.  She humped his fingers.  She began to moan.  Out of the corner
of one eye she thought she saw a video camera running on the dresser, but she
could no longer see straight. 

"You want me to fuck your ass, don't you bitch!" he exclaimed.  "Yes, or yes," 
she replied.  "Beg for it, bitch," He ordered.   "Please, Master, Please fuck my
ass!" she heard herself yell. 

Slowly he lowered his huge cock toward his target.  It met her sphincter, and
try as she might to relax it was too big.  Slowly Master pushed forward, harder,
harder, splitting her tiny rectum open.  Finally an inch or so was in.  Master
kept working it deeper and deeper.  Meanwhile his hand kept massaging her clit,
making her hump harder. With each stroke he went deeper and deeper.  Sandy began
to cry and scream.  The pain and the pleasure were all running together.  Her
brain was lost again.  Finally he was fully in with his balls slapping on her
pussy.  Now in and out he sawed, deep inside her bowels. 

Her sanity was gone.  The low animal sounds began, like a cat in heat. Gutteral
sounds, like a tortured predator, now low moans and growls, louder and louder,
now almost howls.  Master pumped harder and harder into her tiny ass, while
rubbing her pussy and clit harder and harder.  Sandy was exploding.  Her back
arched against her bonds, her mouth flew open, her eyes rolled back in her head,
and an ungodly cry came from her lips as her whole body began to shake and shake
as if possessed.  Suddenly a hose went off in her rectum.  Huge quantities of
black seed flooded her entire intestine it felt like gallons spewed insider her. 
At the same time Master jammed several fingers deep into her pussy until it felt
like his cock and fingers met.  She shook and shook uncontrollably.  The
suddenly she fainted dead away.

Slowly, slowly Sandy began to awake.  It was bright outside.  The sun was high. 
She was in her bed.  What a dream.  Her fantasies had gone too far that time. 
That was the most realistic one yet.  She replayed it in her mind.  What a trip. 
She tried to move.  Every muscle exploded with pain.  Her  tits were swollen and
bruised.  There were bruises up and down her thighs.  Her pussy felt swollen and
bruised.  And her ass felt like she had given birth.  She tried to move but
could hardly move.  Finally she got to the bathroom.  She looked in the mirror. 
Her long hair was gone, now a little less than shoulder length.  Her pussy was
bald.  There were black and blue marks all over her tits and thighs.  There was
some white stuff matted in the remains of her hair, and a lot of white material
caked on her thighs and ass.  Around her neck was a tight leather collar
fastened with a digital lock.  But it wasn't until she looked at the mirror
itself that the depth of this new reality struck her.  There in her own bright
red lipstick was written.

"Tonight, bitch, you will be waiting for me in your living room, totally naked
except for your collar."




Part 3

Sandy tried to pull herself together.  She had been shaved and her hair partly
cut.  She had been raped by at least 6 men, not counting Master.  She was still
caked with cum and hung over from the booze and drugs.  She dragged her self
into the shower and began to shower.  She rubbed and rubbed as if she could wash
away last night.  It was just as she had fantasized, but it was not supposed to
come true.  The bruises on her tits and thighs hurt whenever she touched them. 
She scrubbed and scrubbed to get the dried cum off her ass, thighs, and belly
button. She must have soaped the remains of her hair a dozen times.  Finally she
got out and began to dry off, rubbing gingerly over the bruises.  She dried her
hair.  She got out her scissors and tried to make her new hairdo look
intentional, evening off the ends, taking a little more off the back to give a
layered appearance.  She put on a little make up, covering up a little of the
bruises around her face.  Finally she pulled on a sweat suit and slowly hobbled
downstairs.

Sandy started the coffee, and then looked at the clock.  It was 4 in the
afternoon.  In just four hours Master would be back.  She began to panic.  In
the back of her mind another question suddenly came to her.  How would she
explain her bald pussy and shorn locks to her husband?  She went to get her cell
phone from her pocket book which she realized, Master still had her wallet.  She
had no credit card, money, or driver's license. She tried to clear her mind. 
She looked in the mirror and focused on the collar.  It was a digital lock with
three characters.  She started playing with numbers to see if she could figure
out the combination, but after about 10 minutes gave up.  She suddenly realized
that she had not eaten anything (except cum) for nearly a day.  She fixed some
oatmeal and ate it.  She started to reach for a banana, but the similarity to a
cock stopped her.  She had a glass of milk, but all she could think of was
drinking a glass of cum.  Then she felt the urge to use the bathroom.  Both
peeing and pooping turned out to be very painful.  The toilet paper had little
streaks of red blood where scratches from the night before were opened.  She got
up walking like a penguin and downed several pain killers.  It was now nearly 5. 

She tried to eat a little more, and then fixed herself a stiff drink.  The
alcohol and pain killers began to take effect.  She began to feel like she might
live.  She tried to watch a little news, but every time there was a story about
a black man she was looking for Master.  By seven she was as nervous as a
teenager on her first date.  She added more makeup and red lipstick.  She put
make up on some of her body bruises to cover the black and blue.  By 8 she was
sitting naked in her living room waiting.

It was 8:15, then 8:30.  Still he was not there.  Suddenly the phone rang.  It
was him.  "There is a video on top of the TV.  Play it, bitch."  That was all,
he hung up.  She found it and put it in.  Suddenly, there she was dancing on
stage, gyrating in front of all those drunken black men.  Now her blouse was
undone and her tits were flopping around, now two men were fondling her. 
Despite herself her pussy began to get wet, and her nipples get hard.  How she
was on her back on the table.  You could not see that her hands were tied.  One
man was pumping his cock into her mouth.  Soon he exploded and the cum went all
over her.  Now another was fucking her pussy.  He pulled out and the jism shot
all over her.  It went on for nearly an hour with various scenes, mostly in
order as she remembered them, but all edited together to show her as a total
slut. 

She was shaking by the time it was over, and nearly at the point of another
orgasm, when without even knocking He walked in.  "Kneel, bitch," he ordered she
did.  He took out his cock and fed it to her.  She slurped on it hungrily like a
dog on her favorite bone.  Too soon, however, he pushed her away, zipped his
pants back up with that huge bulge showing, snapped the leash on her collar and
led her out the door. 

She was naked being led up her driveway by her new black Master.  At the top of
the driveway was a big white Cadillac.  He put her in the back seat and slid in
next to her.  The driver had apparently been waiting for him.  Master gave him a
direction, and he started the car.  Master poured Sandy a drink from the bar in
the back of the car.  She dutifully began to drink it.  It was strong, but by
now she knew there was also some form of drug in it.  She began to feel tingly
again.  Her pussy began to flow freely, and the aches and pains seemed to go
away.

Master produced some form of vibrator.  It was round with some knobs sticking
out.  Where it would come in contact with a woman's clit was another part which
stuck out.  Suddenly she noticed that it was black and the clit portion shaped
like a black panther.  Master rubbed lubricant on the shaft and slowly began to
work it into Sandy's pussy.  It was nearly the size of his cock and stretched
her sore and bruised pussy.  When it was in he hit a switch.  The shaft began to
rotate!  The knobs began to move in and out!  Her pussy began to slow like a
faucet.  Sandy began to moan almost immediately.  Every rotation the knobs hit
her G-spot.  As Master moved it in and out the knobs moved over every inch of
her pussy.  How he hit another button and it began to rotate in the opposite
direction.  Now back and forth, pulling her sensitized pussy back and forth. 
She began to moan loudly. 

Master produced a leather strap with a short penis shape on it.  He shoved this
into Sandy's mouth, buckling the strap behind her head, silencing her cries. 
Without warning Master hit another button and the vibrating panther came to
life, right on top of her clit!  The response was immediate.  Within a minute
she came the first time, within 10 minutes at least 5 orgasms had rippled
through her body.

The Cadillac pulled up outside the same store where Sandy had bought the collar
the night before.  The driver came around and helped Sandy out.  The gag had
been removed, but she could hardly walk after her intense experience.  Master
led her into the store.  There were about 8 men standing around.  Each looked
over the naked woman carefully as she was led in.  Master led her to a bathroom
in the back and told her to clean up.  She did as best she could.  Then Master
led her to another room.  It was stark except for a TV monitor built into one
wall and a bench.  On the other wall was a tall mirror, running from about 3'
off the floor to nearly the ceiling.  Below it was a hole in the wall several
inches across. 

Master flipped a switch and the dark room was bathed with two floodlights.  He
ordered Sandy to kneel facing the mirrored wall.  I tied her elbows together as
he had done last night, but this time with a softer red cord.  Her elbows and
hands were again fastened securely.  This time instead of a step stool he
brought out a short metal pipe with leather cuffs on the end.  He fastened one
cuff to each ankle forcing her legs far apart.  Now he worked her forward on her
knees until her mouth was right in front of the hole in the wall.  He tied her
hands to a ring in the leg spreader so she was effectively immobilized.  Two men
entered with still cameras and began to photograph her.  She thought she could
here the whir of a video camera in the distance.  Master mover her mouth right
up to the hole and suddenly a big black cock appeared through the hole.  "Suck
it, bitch" Master ordered, "Suck it good."

Suddenly Sandy realized that the mirror was probably a one way mirror, and the
person whose cock she was sucking was directly above her looking down on her as
she sucked.  She began to blush.  Then she realized that with all the cameras
the whole world could be watching.  Although she did not know it at the time, in
fact one of the cameras was a web cam and at that moment the image of her
sucking cock was being viewed for pay in over 2000 sites world wide!

Finally the first cock of the night jerked in her mouth.  She tried to swallow
the cum, but the guy pulled out so the jism caught her in the face and chest,
running down her tits.  He was no sooner done then a second appeared.  This one
seemed smaller.  It swelled almost immediately.  To her horror she realized that
this person was not very old.  In less then five minutes his black cum dribbled
from her chin and one gob stuck in her eyebrow.  A third followed, and then a
forth.  Somewhere in there was a white cock, the first one she had seen in two
days.  It felt and tasted vaguely familiar, but at this point she was so far
gone she was almost mindless.  She nearly lost count of all the cocks that
sprayed her with cum.  She knew it was at least 10, maybe 12. 

Finally Master took off the leg spreader and helped her to her feet.  He untied
her hands and helped her up.  She could barely stand.  He led her out into a
lounge area, sat her next to a table and brought her a drink.  Again it was
strong and probably had some form of stimulant in it because she began to feel
revived again.  A man came up and started to video her.  Another man began to
ask her questions, her name, her age, her sexual experience.  They went on to
have her recount some of the things she had done in the last day or two.

When they were done, Master led Sandy by the leash into another room.  This one
was bigger and in the middle was a gynecologist's examining table, complete with
wrist cuffs and stirrups.  He made her sit in it and began to strap her in.  It
leaned back so she was partially on her back.  Her hands and arms were strapped
down.  One strap went directly under her tits making them stick out over it. 
Another went right above her tits, squeezing them between the two.  Another went
over her belly just above her hips.  More straps went around her thighs, and
then her ankles were strapped in.  Bright lights were again on, and she was sure
this was being filmed. 

A man with a large syringe approached her.  He measured out an amount of a
slightly yellowish liquid.  He poked at her arm to find a vein.  When he did he
stuck the needle deeply into the vein and emptied the contents.  The effect was
rapid.  Suddenly Sandy felt as if every nerve in her body was at attention.  It
started around her arm, spread to her chest, and down her body.  Her pussy
became as if on fire.  Her tits felt like they were on fire.  She began to moan. 

Suddenly two black women appeared wearing masks and an outfit made up of leather
straps.  Each produced two thick rubber bands similar to those used in
castrating cows.  They placed each over one of Sandy's tits.  Immediately they
stuck out like melons.  As the blood pooled they began to turn red.  Each woman
now produced a thin cane.  Without warning the first brought her cane down
sharply across Sandy's swollen tits.  She exploded in a scream that could wake
the dead.  The second followed with a similar struck, and the screams got even
louder.  They took turns working their thin whips up and down Sandy's torso, on
and around her tits belly, and to just above her pelvis.

Now the two women turned their attention lower.  They took thin leather whips
and begin to whip Sandy's splayed thighs, up and down until they were beet red. 
Meanwhile Sandy was now screaming continuously and her drug-sensitized and
abused flesh sent incredible pain messages to her brain.  In the middle of it,
however, her feelings started the change.  Instead of pain her mind was
receiving pleasure messages.  Instead of screaming she began to moan loudly.  As
the pain turned to pleasure her pussy began to flow with juices, dripping out of
her gaping lips and dripping on the floor.  The low animal noises began to come
again and she began to shake.

The two women grabbed short leather quirts and began to whip Sandy's pussy and
clit.  She began to explode with screams and growls, and shaking seizures. 
Again and again she stiffened and collapsed until finally with a great cry and
heaving she passed out.

Sandy came to in the back seat of Master's Cadillac.  Master and his driver were
in front talking and laughing quietly.  The driver was the first to note that
Sandy was awake.  Master turned to her, "Good morning my little pain slut.  Did
you enjoy yourself?"   He laughed.  Soon they pulled up in front of Sandy's
house.  Master helped Sandy crawl out of the car and helped her down the
driveway, into the house and up to her bed. 

He propped her face down over the end of the bed with her ass in the air.  Again
he lubricated her ass, and massaged her extremely sore pussy.  Finally as she
began to become aroused one more time, he began to fuck her ass.  He took his
time, slowly frigging her pussy until she came as well, before empting his
entire load from that exciting evening into her bowels.  He then placed her on
the bed and covered her up as his black seed seeped out of her anus soaking the
sheets and mattress of her matrimonial bed.




Part 4

The alarm went off, it was Monday morning.  Sandy tried to open her eyes. 
Sunday was only a blur in her memory.  She remembered waking up and realizing
she was supposed to read scripture at church.  She called a friend to cover for
her, and said truthfully that she was not feeling well.  She awoke again near
evening, tried to eat something, and then took a long hot bath.  She remembered
she had some prescription strength pain killers from a tooth extraction, and
after taking some of them she began to feel better.  She fell asleep again until
that alarm went off.

She struggled to get out of bed.  In the middle of the bed was a huge stain from
the other night, but she did not have the time or energy to do anything about
it.  She took another pain killer and tried to do something with her hair.  She
used more make up than usual to try and cover the bruises as best she could.  On
the dining room table she found her wallet with an extra $1,000 in it, along
with a brief note that just said "Your share, bitch."  She tried various
combinations to remove the collar from her neck before going to work.  Suddenly
one set of numbers worked.  She realized it was her birthday.  How had Master
known that?

All the way to work she tried to replay the weekend but a lot of it was a blur. 
She hurried to her desk, trying not to be seen by her colleagues too closely,
and began to open her e-mail.  Soon she came to one from Him.  It informed her
that there would be a package delivered to her office that day.  She was to
follow the instructions exactly.  Then there was a link to a website.  It was
forbidden to use office computers for personal purposes but she had to see it. 
It was a very hard-core pay site, and there on the first page was a picture of
her dancing on stage, with little black squares covering her nipples. 

Sandy had to see the whole site.  Nervously she fumbled with her wallet, entered
all the information and credit card number.  Finally she entered the site.  The
first title she saw was "Sandy at the Glory Hole".  There she was on her knees
sucking a big black cock through the hole in the wall.  There were several
Jpg's.  She went through them one at a time.  Then she came to a video clip. 
She clicked it and waited.  She could not believe it as she watched herself
frantically sucking that big cock, and then the cum flew all over face, in her
hair, down her tits.  She was sweating now and she could feel her pussy getting
wet.

Suddenly a co-worker came to her door. Frantically she tried to close down her
computer, but pop-ups kept appearing.  She tried to talk business but she was
sure her friend saw some of them.  Red-faced she went back to work. 

Early in the afternoon a messenger delivered a package.  When no one was looking
she opened it.  The instructions said to put on the clothes in the box and drive
to a specific club at 6 PM.  She would be met and given further instructions.

All afternoon she snuck time with the porn site, looking at the other files of
women being humiliated and screwed.  After the office closed she took out the
box.  Inside was a small black dress.  She stripped off her clothes and put on
the tiny garment.  The skirt was very short, barely covering the bottom of her
ass.  There was no back and the front was held in place by just two straps, one
tied around her neck and one across the back.  Also in the box was a pair of
black shoes with very high heels.  They strapped tightly to her feet and had
little metal rings on some of the straps.  There was also a sealed package with
a note "'bring with you".  She fumbled through her purse and found her collar. 
Snapping it into place she teetered down the hall to the ladies room, trying to
balance on those high heels.  She carefully did her make up using more lipstick
than usual.  Finally she was ready.  She checked outside of the building, hoping
nobody was around.  She tried to get to her car as quickly as possible, but in
that dress almost every head turned her way.  Finally red faced, and getting
very turned on, she made it.

The drive to the address led her into a rather bad part of town.  She arrived
just at 6 and went into the poorly lit club.  About this time she realized, this
was a lesbian club.  Several couples were deep in conversation, but there seemed
to be several butch-looking individuals hanging around the bar.  A couple wore a
lot of leather and she saw handcuffs adorning at least two outfits.  She found a
table in the corner and tried to look invisible, but with that outfit every eye
saw her enter.  A waitress with many tattoos, piercings, and a shaved head took
her order.  She tried to cross her legs, but the skirt was so short that just
exposed her ass to anyone to see.  She sipped her drink rather fast in her
nervousness and waited.

One of the women approached her and sat down right next to her.  She was a
rather muscular woman, large, but not fat.  Her ample tits strained against a
leather halter top.  Tight fitting leather pants were adorned with a studded
belt and a set of handcuffs.  Although she fondled Sandy a bit, and wanted to
know what she was doing here, the appearance of the collar seemed to keep her
from getting too serious.  This was not the contact.  When she admitted that a
new Master had commanded her to come, the woman nodded with a little smile and
eventually left.

Another woman approached and again examined Sandy.  This one even reached down
and fingered her pussy for awhile while talking.  But she also was not the
contact.  Sandy finished her second drink and started on a third, when suddenly
a large, rather heavy, black woman entered and came directly toward her.  She
had on simple black stretch pants and a black sleeveless top.  Her hair was cut
very short and she had large gold earrings.  Otherwise she wore few accessories. 
She sat down, looking Sandy right in the eye said, "Hello, bitch, you are mine
tonight!"

Sandy's heart jumped in her throat.  She had never been with another woman, let
alone one who looked this tough.  She noticed how even the roughest looking
women in the place had moved back as she entered.  The woman ordered a double
scotch, straight, on Sandy's tab, telling her, "Pay the man, bitch," then downed
the drink while Sandy signed the slip.  "Turn around!" She ordered as she picked
up the sealed package Sandy had brought with her.  Out of it she took a long
leather garment, a form of bondage sleeve.  "Stand up, bitch!" She ordered, and
as Sandy faced the entire bar she forced her arms far behind her.  The sleeve
went over both her arms, fastening them together from shoulder to palms.  There
was a single mittened end which made her hands useless, with a big ring through
the tip.  Straps went around her shoulders assuring the device could not slip. 
Then straps every few inches up the sleeve were tightened one at a time then
retightened until Sandy's arms were imprisoned behind her, totally useless.  The
force on her arms forced her tits forward, and the nipples were now jutting
straight out through the thin material of the little dress.  Finally the woman
got up, snapped a leash to Sandy's collar and began to lead her out of the bar. 
"See her tonight, at Woman's Night," she proclaimed to the whole bar as she lead
the now slightly drunk victim out the door.

The woman shoved her into the passenger seat of Sandy's car, carefully locking
the seat belt around her bound victim, then jumped in and drove off, rather
faster than Sandy would have liked.  They drove across town, back to the adult
shop Master had taken her to the day before.  She had not noticed before that
next to the sex shop was a second establishment that looked more like a club. 
Now over the door was a sign "Ladies Night, Men Admitted after 10."

Her new Mistress helped her out of the car and propelled her toward to door. 
Inside there were already a few women, mostly couples with one member obviously
butch and the other femme.  Some of the submissive ones were in bondage attire. 
Sandy was propelled across the main floor to a low stage.  In the middle were
some chains hanging from the ceiling and some hooks and chains in the floor. 
Mistress forced Sandy's legs far apart with a series o kicks to her calves. 
Then she clicked the chains to the rings on her shoes, forcing her legs far
apart.  Balancing on her high heels in this position was very difficult, and
Sandy could already feel her ankles shaking.  It got much worse when Mistress
clicked one of the hanging chains to the ring on the mittened end of her bondage
sleeve and began to pull it tight.  Up, up her hands were forced.  As the strain
on her shoulders increased she bent further and further forward until her upper
body was almost horizontal.  She tried to even her weight between her legs and
her shoulders, but her ankles were shaking more and more, trying to balance on
those tiny high heels.  Now, her hands high over her head, she was partially
hanging by her arms, her shoulders aching almost immediately, her legs shaking
with the effort to balance.

Mistress walked around in front of her, grabbed a handful of her hair and forced
her face up, laughing as she did so.  She tied a leather thong into Sandy's red
hair and attached it to another overhead chain, holding her head up and face
forward.

"Smile for the camera, sweetie," the big woman laughed, smacking Sandy's cheeks
as she did so.  Sandy realized that several cameras, probably tied to that site
on the internet, were following her every motion.  Suddenly she realized that
her image was going out to probably 1000's of viewers worldwide.  She was now an
internet porn slut.

The women in the club now began to take turns inspecting the helpless victim. 
They fondled Sandy's cunt which was peaking out from the short skirt, rubbed her
thighs, squeezed her breasts.  One or two even leaned down and French kissed
her.  Her outraged shoulders and legs were screaming for relief.  The pain was
getting too much to bear. More patrons began to come forward to fondle and
inspect her as Sandy hung there helplessly.  Some took delight in fingering her
pussy, while others preferred to squeeze and twist her tits.

Suddenly Mistress returned with two gorgeous young black girls.  There were
striking in leather strap outfits that left there perky breasts bare, and there
shaved pussies outlined by two straps on either side.  In these matching attires
they looked like twins.  Both were rather slim, about 5'5" tall, with narrow
hips.  There hair was cut short and their muscular butts wiggled as they
approached balancing on very high heeled shoes.  The two of them  began to
systematically fondle Sandy's pussy and breasts.  The two straps holding the top
of the dress were untied and it fell away revealing her ample breasts hanging
down.  Leather straps were placed around the base of her breasts and tightened
making them swell like large balloons.  These were fastened to two chains from
the floor, even further restricting her range of motion.  Some nipple clamps
with weights were hung from her tits, further stretching the nipples downward. 
In contrast to the perky, small breasts of the black twins, Sandy's 34D's now
looked like udders.

The pain began to convert to pleasure.  As the endorphins saturated her brain,
Sandy began to feel that wave of pleasure replace the sharp prickles of pain. 
She could not see behind her, but the two young girls moved one to either side. 
Her short skirt was folded over her back exposing her white ass for all to see. 
A minute or two passed.  Sweat was now pouring off her face and dripping down
her breasts and thighs.  Her pussy was beginning to open and overflow with
secretions as the intense pain turned to passion and pleasure.

Suddenly her entire ass exploded in pain, and she was thrown forward, almost
totally hanging from her hair and arms.  The twin girls had hit her with long
wooden paddles, the kind used in fraternity initiations.  SMACK, a second two
blows landed, and SMACK a third.  Sandy was screaming now through her dry
throat, but her cries were of both pain and pleasure.  Again, and again the
paddles descended.  Now Sandy was moaning, she felt to wave of passion begin in
her belly and slowly spread as the paddles came down again and again, now in a
measured pace with her mounting passion.  Her pussy began to flower, and quiver,
she began to moan uncontrollable, and her body began to shake all over, as that
animal passion took over her entire being.  All that came out of her mouth were
moans and incoherent cries as her whole body stiffened and shook. SMACK, SMACK,
two more huge impacts and she was over the edge, shaking crying, they going
almost limp in her bonds, hanging from her arms.

Sandy hung there, slowly recovering, not knowing what was to come next.  There
was a sort of drum role from the music system and she realized that Mistress was
entering the stage.  She could not see behind her, but she felt some one pouring
an oily substance over her ass and down her pussy.  Fingers full of it were slid
into her pussy until it glistened with lubricant.  Now as the music picked up
she felt one finger, wearing a latex glove, enter her pussy.  It worked around
and around, touching her g-spot and making her gasp.  Now a second finger
entered, and the two of them began to move as if playing a tune on the inside of
her cunt.  Now a third finger, her pussy was being stretched to its maximum. 
The music and the speed of the fingers increased.  Sandy was panting now.  The
stretching of her pussy was beginning to get painful, but in her endorphin
saturated brain pain and pleasure all ran together.  Now a forth latex-covered
finger entered, physically stretching the walls of her vagina beyond there
normal limits.  Sandy began to sob, a series of "No, please, don't, no, it
hurts, ooowwww," came from her parched throat.  She desperately tried to relax
all her cunt muscles to let the tissues stretch, but it felt like something
would tear.

Mistress slowed the progress, slowly letting Sandy's tissues stretch as if
giving birth.  Now as the music came to a loud climax Mistress placed the tip of
her thumb into her victims stretched and gapping pussy. Slowly but firmly she
pushed forward.  Sandy began to scream with pain as her cunt was stretched wide. 
She screamed loudly one last time, and then with a pop the entire mass of
Mistresses fist disappeared inside the poor girl's deformed pussy. 

Applause erupted from the audience as the saw Sandy fisted for the first time. 
But even if the stretching was over the fisting was not.  Mistress began to work
her hand back and forth inside Sandy's cunt, rolling it around and around.  With
the other hand she began to massage Sandy's clit.  The tortured red head began
to moan with passion as she felt the fires again rise from her clit and deformed
vagina.  Faster and faster Mistress twirled her clit.  Sandy began to buck and
snort against the invading fist, moans and cries began to come from her as she
felt the wave of passion rise higher and higher.  She began to shake and her
mouth gaped open is a long silent scream with only a growl coming from her
tightened throat.  Then,  just as her orgasm took over her whole being, a blood
curdling scream came from her lips.  Suddenly, Mistress had made a fist inside
her vagina.  All the surrounding muscles erupted in a huge cramped compression,
trying to expel the foreign object.  The scream rose to incredible volume, as
the applause and shouts of approval from the audience rose to a crescendo. 
Finally it was too much for the tortured redhead's brain, as she collapsed
totally unconscious, hanging limply by her arms and hair.  Her mouth gaped open
silently spasming, her eyes were open but sightless.  As silence filled the room
only the faint irregular gasps from her tortured lungs could be heard.  Then a
distinct slurping "PLOP" as Mistresses gloved hand popped out of its victims
distorted cunt.  The room erupted with cheers, applause, and cat calls, as the
appreciative patrons howled there approval.  All around the world, a couple of
thousand dicks finished empting their last drop into tissues, and another
thousand women sank back in their chairs in satisfied exhaustion.

Slowly, Mistress and the twins lowered Sandy's limp form to the floor.  She lay
there nearly unconscious, still shaking from the extremes of her passion.  They
rolled her onto her back, leaving the bondage sleeve in place, and began to
attach leather straps around her ankles, knees, thighs, waist, above and below
her breasts.  The clamps and were removed from her nipples, but the straps
around them remained, keeping her ample breasts hard.  Chains from the ceiling
were attached to the various straps and slowly tightened.  Slowly, slowly Sandy
was lifted off the floor by these straps until she was about two feet off the
floor.  Nearly unconscious, her head fell backward, her mouth flopping open. 
The chains were attached to the ceiling in such a way that her legs were splayed
wide apart.

Mistress came forward with a syringe filled with a yellow liquid.  She injected
it high in Sandy's thigh.  Consciousness began to return.  The stimulant began
to course through her body, her eyes opened but still unfocussed.  One of the
twins kneeled between Sandy's legs and began to run her tongue up and over her
thighs, closer and closer to her wide open pussy and clit.  As she began to
tickle Sandy's clit with her tongue, a low moan came from the hanging girl's
parched lips.  Waves of passion began to build and waft over her body.  Suddenly
she realized the Mistress was standing right over her head.  Her stretch pants
were gone now, and her rather fat labia and large clit were right in front of
Sandy's eyes.  She grabbed Sandy's head, forcing her lips and tongue against
Mistress's pussy.

"Suck it, bitch, now or you will wish you were dead!" Mistress sneered at the
helpless redhead, hanging in her bonds.  As Mistresses muff blocked off Sandy's
nose and mouth she desperately began to lick and suck in order to breath.  The
more she sucked the more allowance for breathing was made, and Mistress backed
up a little, allowing Sandy's tongue to play over her large labia and clit. 
Meanwhile on the other end one of the twins was doing to same to Sandy.  Her
pussy was overflowing with juices and the teenagers tongue wound its way over
and around her pussy, flicked her clit, gently bit and pummeled Sandy's clit
with her tongue.  Sandy had never done anything like this, so she tried to
follow the teenager's lead and duplicate what she was doing on Mistress's ample
cunt.  Both seemed to work.  Mistress began to breath deeper, grabbing Sandy's
head firmly, and forcing her back and forth across the large pussy.  Meanwhile
Sandy could feel the passion rising again in her own belly.  The stimulant-aided
passion built and built until she could hardly stand it.  Sandy began to feel
her pussy spasm, as she felt Mistress also begin to shake.  Fluid began to pour
out of the Mistress's pussy in her mouth.  She could not tell weather it was
just ample secretions or piss but she tried to lap it all up anyway.  They both
shook with the waves of orgasm passing over them, then Mistress pulled back,
slapped Sandy several times, saying "Good slave, for your first time, very good,
but you do need more practice."

She motioned to the audience which had now grown to some ten's of women. 
Several couples approached the stage.  One butch member straddled Sandy's face,
now covered with Mistress's cunt juices, while her femme partner began to lick
Sandy's pussy.  Again, Sandy tried to duplicate what was being done to her own
pussy, learning new tongue tricks with every one.  Several pairs followed in
rapid succession, with each one teaching Sandy new tricks.  Finally the
volunteers were done, and Sandy hung limply in her harness of straps.  Her face
was covered with the secretions of nearly a dozen pussies.  It dripped down into
her nose making her snort to clear an air way, the taste of pussy lingering on
her lips.  Her now shorter red hair was matted and tangled with cunt juices, for
at least two doms had delighted in wiping themselves with it as if it were a
towel.  Some of them had been cleaned and perfumed, but one or two smelled like
that had not bathed recently.  They all ran together in Sandy's brain.  On the
other end, her pussy was covered with a mixture of her cum and saliva from a
dozen mouths, some of it dripping to the floor and forming a little puddle. 
Slowly Sandy's limp form was lowered to the floor, and most of the straps slowly
removed. 

The blood flowing back into her tits as the bands were removed began to revive
her.  Mistress aided the process by bring forth two more syringes.  One she
injected to the base of one breast, the other into the second.  Again a wave of
consciousness began to flow over her as she slowly revived.  She had no idea of
the time, but someone said it was 9:30 and the men would be here soon.  The
twins helped Sandy to her feet.  She could barely stand on her spiked high heels
but her balance slowly returned as the stimulants coursed through her brain. 
The stood her in the middle of the stage and attached one chain to her collar. 
When pulled tight it forced her to stand straight upright or strangle.  Her arms
were still in the leather sleeve, but her feet were left free for the moment.

A machine was brought forward that had and instrument projecting above it that
looked like a large cock.  The machine was placed between Sandy's legs and the
cock guided into her dripping slit.  As the camber and motor were adjusted the
cock began to rise and fall in Sandy's cunt.  Her slit was so wet by now that it
slipped easily in and out making a slight slurpy sound over the whine of the
motor.  The speed and depth were set so that Sandy could not climax, but just
kept on the edge.  Music started and several couples danced to slow numbers as
Sandy stood spread over the contraption on the well-lighted stage, slowly being
machine fucked.

At exactly 10, the machine was stopped and Sandy's neck unfastened.  She was now
led by the twins off the stage, and through a door to the sex shop next door. 
They took her into a well lighted room, similar to the one she had been in the
past weekend.  This time she was forced face forward against a wall, her face
and tits smashed against a mirror that she knew was one-way glass.  Her pussy,
still dripping from her extensive fucking and sucking,  was positioned right
over a large hole in the wall.  Straps attached to the wall were passed around
her ankles, knees, thighs and waist, holding her immobile  against the glory
hole.  Her upper torso was left free, except for the bondage sleeve, so she
could wiggle back and forth against the mirror.

She felt the presence of the first man.  His cock pierced through the hole and
into her well oiled cunt.  Back and forth he pistonned for what seemed like a
short time before his cock erupted, spewing a load of cum deep into her pussy. 
He pulled out, and is secretions began to drip down Sandy's leg.  Almost
immediately the first was replaced by a second.  This one seemed to be more
deliberate, speeding up and slowing down to extend the experience.  Sandy almost
came with that one, but then he two emptied his load into her dripping pussy,
leaving her on the edge of passion.

The third was a slight shock, for it seemed very inexperienced.  It was very
hard very quickly, but moved nervously, as if this was a new experience.  Very
quickly this cock came, shooting its load all over her shaved pussy.  Others
followed, Sandy began to loose track of how many.  Then a new sensation began.

The cock entering her was huge.  She gasped as she felt her pussy expand, wider
and wider, deeper and deeper.  Even after her early stretching, this one began
to turn her on.  She felt the passion inside her rise immediately.  She gasped
and moaned as this huge cock manipulated her pussy, expertly raising her
passions, then lowering them.  Her stimulant laced brain began to explode. 
Flashes of light seared across her brain.  Her pussy began to spasm
uncontrollable.  She heard herself moan, and then those animal sounds issued
force, like a cat in heat.  Harder and harder she now tried to ride onto that
huge cock filling her, driving her crazy.  She came incredibly hard,  her pussy
spasming against the huge invader, squirting out the previous cum.  Then it was
gone, without depositing its load inside her.  She was confused, almost
delirious.

One more cock entered her.  After the stretching by the last it hardly touched
the walls of her cunt.  She could tell the owner was helping with his hand.  His
secretion came quite quickly, without much force and low in quantity.  Then it
was done. 

In the back of her mind, somewhere, spinning through the drugged synapses, a
realization slowly dawned on her nearly unconscious mind.  The huge cock felt
like Master, and the last like her husband.

The twins released her and led her out, back to the stage where she was paraded
one more time.  One or two men wanted to feel her badly used cunt.  Then she was
led off the stage.  The leather bondage sleeve was slowly removed.  Her arms
fell limp at her side with no feeling in them. She realized that the remains of
the little black dress were still around her waist like a belt.  One of the
twins pulled the top up and retied it.  Slowly they lead the almost comatose
woman out to her car.  It was obvious she could not drive, so one of the twins
drove for her while the second followed in a second car.  Once at her house they
led her inside, took her rather tenderly upstairs, and put her to bed.

She fell immediately into a deep sleep.




Part 5.

Far, far off a buzzer was going off.  It would not stop, insistently buzzing and
buzzing.  Sandy tried to ignore it.  Slowly, slowly consciousness began to
return.  Where was she? What was she?  She tried to open her eyes but they did
not want to focus.  She tried to move her arms, but they did not want to
cooperate.  Her legs refused to move.  Finally with one flailing arm she managed
to connect with the snooze alarm, but five more minutes of sleep.

The buzzing again.  Sandy's eyes finally opened and tried to focus.  She looked
at the clock.  It was Tuesday; she needed to be at work.  She groaned as she
tried to move.  She stumbled out of bed and into the bathroom.  Peeing was
painful, her outraged pussy and clit were sore.  There were red marks around her
breasts, legs, and shoulders where straps had rubbed.  She tried to get into the
shower and realized she still wore the little black dress.  She fumbled to get
it off, found the bottle of prescription pain killers and downed several.  The
hot water ran down her body.  She tried to scrub the many layers of cum and
female pussy secretions off her body and face.  There was crusty material in her
hair and on her eyes.  She scrubbed and scrubbed.  Finally, as the pain killers
began to work, she crawled back toward the bed.  She hit speed dial for her
office and left a voice mail message that she was having car trouble and would
be a little late.  Downstairs the automatic coffee maker had gone off, giving
her some hope she would make it eventually.

Sandy sat in her robe at the kitchen table sipping on her second cup of coffee. 
Her arms ached, her legs ached, her tits were swollen from abuse. And her poor
pussy, it was sore all over with her labia swollen to more than twice their
normal size.  Finally she forced herself to get dressed.  She chose a business
suit with pants as it would cover all marks on her legs and arms.  She spent
more time than usual on her make up trying to cover the signs of the night
before.  She fumbled with the lock tumblers on her collar, finally getting it
right. Finally, on her third cup of coffee, she made it to her car.

It was after 9 before she left the house.  Even with rush hour traffic gone it
was almost 10 before she could get to the parking lot and painfully walk the few
hundred yards to her office.  Climbing the short flight of stairs was also
painful.  Finally she bustled into the office with all the energy she could
muster, muttering about dead batteries and slow work men.

She desperately tried to pretend she was working, but she could not concentrate. 
She tried doing mechanical things, like e-mail.  About half way through the
messages she came to one from Him.  It was very simple. 

"Congratulations.  You are an overnight sensation.  You're rewards are in the
mail."

What did that mean?  She could not understand.  Quickly she went to the web
site, trying to make sure no one was looking.  There on the new front page was
an advertisement about her.  She was hanging from her arms, a black square
covering her pussy and ass, her strapped tits partially visible with black
squares just covering the nipples, showing the weights hanging below.  "Join now
and seen the continuing saga and to The Taking of Sandy.  Don't miss Friday
night's extravagance.  Join NOW!"

Friday! what was Friday?  She began to shake.  What more could be done to her. 
Suddenly a secretary was at her door.  Sandy tried to block the computer screen,
but she knew she could not completely.  It was a special delivery letter
requiring her personal signature.  She scribbled on it, thanked the messenger,
but she was sure he saw part of the web site behind her.  Red faced she tried to
open it.  Inside was a cashier's check for $3,000 and a brief note. "You're
share of the proceeds, bitch."

Tuesday passed in a fog.  Sandy tried desperately to concentrate but it was
impossible.  Finally 5 o'clock came.  She got out as fast as she could, drove
home and downed more over the counter pain killers.  She tried to eat something,
realizing she had had almost nothing all day and almost nothing yesterday.  She
sat down to her home computer and looked at her personal e-mail.  There were
nearly 500 messages.

She could not understand it.  She started to open them.  Fan mail, every one. 
Adoring fans who had seen her on the net.  Oh my God, she thought, he gave out
my e-mail too. She went to the web site and logged in.  Sure enough she found a
profile of her.  It included physical measurements, a little about her
background, a brief synopsis of what had happened to her, and her e-mail
address.  Since her public profile for that account included her real name,
approximate address, etc. anyone paying for this web site could find out all
about her.

She went back to the fan mail.  There were offers of marriage; threats of what
someone would like to do to her, detailed scenarios they would like to see
played out.  There were even some from other women who were closet submissives
who thanked her for letting them live out their fantasies through her suffering.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door.  When she opened it nobody was there,
but a note.  She read it hurriedly.  It looked very formal.

"You are invited to dinner with Master, tomorrow night, Wednesday.  Dress
formal.  Since your attendance is mandatory, no RSVP is required.  A limousine
will be sent for you at 6:30 PM."

Sandy began to shake.  What had he planned now?  She already had warnings about
Friday, but what was planned for Wednesday?

She poured herself a glass of wine and returned to her fan mail.  She began
answering some, in fact as many as she possible could.  Some were touching, some
were gross, some turned her on.  She did her best to answer all she could as
honestly as she could. It was 11 when she turned in, and the alarm seemed to go
off immediately.

It was Wednesday morning.  Not thinking about tonight, she just tried to
struggle to get to work.  A realization dawned that she had make $4000 this week
in her new "profession" whereas a week on her job paid only a little over $1000. 
After taxes, social security, fringe benefits, etc. her take home was only about
$600.  But her job was respectable, not like what that porn-slut was doing on
the net.

She got through the morning alright.  She even got some work done.  At noon she
took time for a weekly workout, and even had an ice-cream on top of her normal
Slimfast on the way back.  She stopped at her bank and cashed the money order. 
She expected it to be no good, but after much deliberation they paid her in 30
crisp $100 bills.  She had thought of depositing it in their checking account,
but how would she explain that to her husband?  Only as 5 approached did she let
her mind turn to her date with Him. At 4:30 a currier arrived with a package for
her.  She opened it to find a new collar.  This one was gleaming metal studded
with what appeared to be diamonds.  Loops of chain extended downward, hiding it
real nature.  On the front hung a large green emerald.  It still had a
combination lock.  She checked it to make sure, but yes it was her birthday
again.

Suddenly on the way home she felt like a school girl going to the prom.  She
quickly showered, spraying herself with after shower splash, doing her make up
more elaborately than usual, and even using more perfume, including putting some
on her breasts and pussy.  She reshaved her pussy so no stubble was present. 
She chose a long black, sleeveless evening dress, held up with a single tie
behind her neck.  She took out the high heels He had bought her, and the black
stockings and garter belt He had chosen.  She found some spray glitter for her
hair, and finally at nearly 6:30 she clicked on her new collar. 

Exactly at 6:30 a white stretched limousine pulled up in front of her house. 
Two young white girls got out, both dressed in short formals.  One was blond in
an emerald green gown, while the second was a brunette with red highlights.  She
wore a lacy blue gown.  They came to the door, introduced them selves as Cee and
Dee, and presented Sandy with flowers.  Cee, the blond was very striking, with
just below the shoulder blond hair, small breasts, and almost boyish figure. 
Her strong legs and firm ass suggested she must work out regularly.  Sandy could
not tell how old she was, but she suspected not more than 18 or so.  Dee, the
brunette, was equally striking but in a different way.  Her breasts were
somewhat larger, though still small compared to Sandy's.  Her ass and legs were
muscular, and her arms too suggested significant strength from working out. 
Both would have to be considered very beautiful.   Sandy guessed that Dee was a
little older, perhaps 21.   Cee and Dee carefully pinned the corsage to Sandy's
dress and led her to the waiting car.  The driver could have been the same one
from last weekend, but she was not sure.  Cee and Dee sat on either side of her
and offered her wine on their way, they apologized profusely that they had been
ordered to blindfold her.  They placed a leather blindfold over her eyes with
soft foam pads that fit directly over her eyes so she could not open them even a
little.  On the way they continued to feed her canapes and wine.  With her sight
denied her, her taste buds came alive, savoring the delicious flavors.

After 30 minutes of driving, which seemed much longer in Sandy's blindfolded
condition, they arrived.  Cee and Dee led her still blindfolded up the path and
through the front door of an impressive mansion.  Once inside her blindfold was
removed.  She tried to focus.  Overhead was a large chandelier.  The furniture
looked Victorian, and to one side in the library she could see dark paneling.  A
butler let her toward the study, while another woman in a French maid outfit
scurried away.  Sandy thought she recognized her as one of the twins from Monday
night. 

As they entered the study her heart jumped into her throat.  There He was.  He
was gorgeous, in a black tuxedo with bow tie and cummerbund. He had a glass of
wine in his hand as he swept gracefully forward.

"Welcome, my dear," he began, "you look simply radiant tonight."

Sandy was taken completely off guard.  He had never spoken kindly to her.  He
was her Master and she his bitch, yes his slave.  She did not know what to say,
just stammering, "Thank you, Sir."


"Dinner is almost ready, my dear, so let us see what the chef has planned for
tonight."  He led her with amazing gentleness to the dinning hall.  Another
large chandelier hung over a dark mahogany table.  The light was low and candles
accented the table.  Cee and Dee were already in the room, preparing to take
their positions on two sides of the table.  Sandy was directed by the butler to
the far end, with Master taking his position at the head.

The next two hours were like a scene out of a fairy tale.  Dinner was in formal
French style, with numerous courses and sorbet to clear the pallet.  The filet
mignon literally melted in your mouth, and the crisp green salad had just the
right texture.  Each had its own wine to accompany the course, and by the time
the chocolate moose with raspberry sauce was served Sandy was feeling like a 16
year-old virgin at her first formal prom dinner.  Cee and Dee talked little
except when spoken to, but Master kept them talking on various subject.  Between
them they teased out a lot about Sandy's past, and her likes and dislikes.  
They got her to admit that her husband was a wimp in bed, and she was rarely
satisfied by his love making.

Finally after dinner they retired to the sitting room, where Master reclined in
a large leather chair.  Cee and Dee immediately curled up on either side of his
chair on small hassocks as if they had done this before.  Sandy was shown to a
very comfortable arm chair directly across from Master.  An after dinner drink
was served, some form of brandy.  It must have contained something else though
for she had barely started it when Sandy felt her blood pressure rising, and her
pussy begin to tingle.

Master was talking to her, but Cee and Dee were beginning to run their hands
over him.  She was jealous.  Suddenly she felt soft hands on her arms.  The
twins in French maid outfits were fastening her arms to the chair with leather
straps so she could not move.  She watched in growing jealous rage as Cee and
Dee began to run their hands under Masters clothes.  One of the twins raised the
last of the brandy to Sandy's lips, pouring the last drops down her throat. 

With horror she watched as Cee got to kiss Master while Dee removed his
cummerbund.  Slowly Dee unzipped his pants and very gently exposed his growing
cock.  Sandy wanted to jump out of her chair, but the straps held her in place. 
She wanted that cock so bad.  And tonight she did not want him to cum in her
mouth or her ass; she wanted him to explode inside her pussy.  He had refused
her that privilege several times, and now like the bitch in heat she was, she
desperately wanted to feel his satisfaction as he exploded deep inside her.  She
watched in growing frustration as Cee French kissed Master and Dee began to
stroke his prodigious member.

She felt hands on her shoulders.  The twins were undoing her dress and letting
the top down to expose her breasts.  Her nipples were already hard.  Now she
felt the two girls caressing her tits, then nibbling on them.  One began to
French kiss her as Cee was doing with Master.  The drug laden brandy and this
gently ministrations were driving her up the wall.  She felt the moisture
between her legs seeping out and beginning to run down her thigh.  One of the
twins began to caress her thigh, but neither of them came close to her pussy.

Now Dee was kissing Master, as Cee bent her head to his cock.  No, Sandy almost
wanted to scream, that should be mine tonight, not hers.  Her passion, no her
lust, rose higher and higher as she saw his huge cock stiffen in the pale mouth
of Cee, her blond hair cascading down around his large black member.  One of the
twins ran a finger nail around Sandy's clit, but it was already rock hard and
her labia puffy and wet with her desire.  Slowly Cee and Dee lowered Master's
pants, totally revealing his huge, hard cock and huge balls.  The twins
carefully unzipped the back of Sandy's gown, and gently worked it out from under
her until all she wore were the black stockings, garter belt and shoes that He
had picked out for her.  And the beautiful collar, the symbol of his ownership
of her.

Cee and Dee now alternated fondling and licking Master's cock.  Faster and
faster they continued until he was fully erect and beginning to breathe harder. 
Meanwhile the twins continued to bring Sandy to a feverous pitch, teasing her
nipples, and running fingers tantalizingly close to her pussy.  She could not
stand in any more.  She was beginning to pant in frustration, and passion.  She
could almost see the drop of pre-cum on Masters member.  She wanted it sooo bad,
she wanted it inside her, she wanted Him inside her, she wanted him to deposit
his seed as deep in her as possible.  Why was he doing this to her?

Suddenly she felt the twins release the straps holding her to the chair.  At the
same time Cee and Dee stepped back to make room for her.  She tried to control
her passion, moving toward Master will all the control she could muster.  She
leaned down and kissed him deeply, feeling their tongues entwine like two
snakes.  She placed on knee on one side of him and then the second on the other,
straddling his powerful thighs.  Slowly while still kissing him deeply she
lowered her dripping pussy until it just reached to tip of his cock.  She heard
him give a slight grown.  Like a true bitch in heat, she leaned back and slowly
lowered her pussy onto the head of his cock.  Out of her mouth came a moan which
can only be described as pure animal lust.  Slowly she lowered her pussy onto
his huge member.  Deeper, deeper, now stopping, retreating, leaning to kiss him
again.  She felt the twin's hands on her back and breasts and was aware of Cee
and Dee continuing to caress Master's chest under his shirt.  Her passion now
was only on his beautiful cock.  Slowly she worked it deeper and deeper, faster
and faster, she came once, just a little one, but she was determined that he
would not get the best of her tonight.  She would have his seed in her pussy
before it was over. 

She wiggled her tits at him placing her hands on his chest, the muscles rippled
under her touch.  She concentrated all the strength she could to her pussy
muscles contracting around his cock and trying to milk him with her pussy.  His
member flinched inside her, but would not give up his seed.  Harder and harder
she tried, gyrating on his cock, wiggling, thrusting, clenching her pussy,
trying everything to milk him of his seed.  She wanted it so bad.  Again she
climaxed, but she did not want to loose it.  Faster deeper, finally all the way
to her cervix, harder she danced on his cock.  Now her hips were moving like
Hawaiian dancer, now trying to imitate a belly dancer, with slow rolls and
thrusts.  Every trick she had learned she tried to get the prize.  She knew he
was close, she could see it, she could feel it, she could feel the pre-cum
seeping out. 

Now frantically she put every ounce of energy she had into her gyrating dance,
around and up and down, like a crazy woman.  She was crazy, crazy with lust. 
She could hear herself pleading, "Please Master, I want it so bad, Please give
it to me, give it to me!"

She felt her unwanted final huge orgasm building.  She tried everything to push
it down while focusing all her energy on manipulating Master's huge cock, now
she was really desperate.

As the waves of ecstasy began to overwhelm her she flexed her cunt with all her
might, pleading "Please, please,,,, SCREW MEEEEEEE."

As her world began to explode around her she felt it.  Like a fire house going
off inside her, wave after wave of black seed pouring deep into her pussy. 
Filling her and squirting out like a spring from beneath her legs.  Her whole
body exploded, her mouth fell open, her eyes rolled up in her head, a long
silent scream for no sound would cum.  Her cunt exploded with spasms around that
huge invading organ milking every last black seed it could.  Then she collapsed
in a dead faint.

Slowly, slowly Sandy began to regain consciousness.  She was still lying on
Master's chest.  His cock was still inside her and still semi-hard even after
all her attempts to milk every ounce of energy out of him. She kissed him
deeply, and he responded.  They lay like that for several minutes.  Slowly she
began to remember Cee, Dee, and the twins.  They were gently standing by
attendant on the mating couple.  Slowly they began to help untangle her arms and
legs, making it easier for them to lie next to one another.  In the afterglow,
they softly caressed both lovers.  Finally, Sandy rolled off the prodigious cock
as it popped out still semi-hard.  She lay in his arms feeling the strong
muscles of his chest.  Slowly the assistants helped her up, indicating the time
for her audience was over.  Reluctantly she allowed them to help.  Cee and Dee
helped Master with his pants, while the twins retrieved her dress.  Master then
approached her, still in an amazingly gently fashion.  He kissed her, and
quietly said, "Until Friday night, my dear."

With that the twins helped her out.  The car and driver were waiting.  Before
leaving the entry they replaced her blindfold, led her to the car.  Cee and Dee
accompanied her, and during the drive offered her one last drink.  This one must
have had a sedative in it, for when they reached her house they had to help her
upstairs.  They carefully removed her dress, stockings, and shoes.  Washed her
body carefully and tenderly, then put her to bed and tucked her in before
turning out the lights and returning to the limousine.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J. Whitmey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





