BDSM Library - Personal Couriers




Personal Couriers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Terry loves her job traveling the world delivering parcels, but has she messed it up this time.
Personal Couriers



Chapter 1


Terry had been working for Personal Couriers for 5 years; she loved her job,
taking her all over the world at a moments notice. Personal Couriers mission was
to provide a delivery service, hand to hand within 36 hours anywhere in the
world. This is why she was sitting in the Club lounge at Heathrow, her bosses
would put on her on any flight available, and this happened to be first class
Heathrow to LA, she had been told to dress up for the trip as she would be met
by a rep from a new client, which might lead to a very lucrative contract.

The level of service in the lounge was second to none, after a lunch of
champagne and fresh fruit terry was feeling very good about her self, a job she
adored which provided her with salary to afford a penthouse flat over the
Thames, a passport with more stamps than the royal mail and a string of lovers
the world over.

The flight was called spot on time, as she boarded the 747 she noticed an
obviously new employee to British airways, so often they used older ladies
unlike other airlines however this new recruit was far younger, maybe just out
of teens, terry pondered to herself, this girl must of fucked her way onto this
route at such a young age, probably screwing the captain.

Terry took her seat, first class offered the passenger so much more space, terry
was delighted to see she was placed in the back corner and the seat next to her
was untaken. The flight got away on schedule, terry settled down after the
evening meal was served to her selection from the DVD collection on board, she
had chosen a film with adult content, the amount of champagne she had consumed
now was really getting to her, a smile grew across her face as the two main
characters in the film engaged in a sex scene, the girl was being forcibly taken
from behind but she was thrusting back to feed the mans cock deeper into her,
terry slid her hand down between her stocking thighs, her mini skirt barely
covered the tops of her stockings when standing but in the seated position her
bare thighs where on show, terry could feel her thong snug between her lips. As
terry pushed her thighs forward the thong bit deeper, was she going to cum so
quick, the alcohol, the film, the altitude, the hostess.....shit the hostess,
the hostess was standing above terry staring down, "can I get you anything" she
asked, thinking quickly terry smiled and replied " a blanket and some more of
that pink champagne", the hostess tottered off and returned as quickly and
quietly as she had arrived, as terry had taken the window seat, the hostess had
to reach in to serve, what a cleavage thought terry, such fantastic breasts, the
way she was stretching, the fabric of her blouse was taught across her chest "
it would be easier if you sat in and served me" as terry glanced over her seat,
for terry in heels measuring over six foot glancing was easy, noticed all the
other first class passengers where asleep. The hostess sat in and filled terry's
glass, "would you like a blanket for your thighs" the hostess enquired, "no
thank you, my thighs are warm enough".

 Terry went back to the film, keeping her eyes on the film, Terry leant over and
whispered to the hostess "touch me" the tone although quiet was still firm, the
hostess looked for terry's eyes but terry just kept watching the film "I pay a
lot of money for this flight, I expect service" the hostess thought this must
have been one of the untold secrets of long haul night flights, tenterlively the
hostess slid her hand along terry's thigh, up to the place where her knickers
should be, they where now so tightly wedged, you would of thought she had none
on, still terry watched the film, the hostess gently made terry roll on to her
hip, she slid her hand up the rear of the skirt and found the strip of thong
tightly wedged between terry's full but firm ass. Slowly she tugged on it
pulling it even tighter, then with her other hand she pulled it from the front,
the strip rasped along terry's lips and clit like a silk saw, in a throaty
groan, terry asked the hostess to take one of her breasts out so she could
suckle on it to prevent her from screaming out! As Terry fixated on the film her
climax exploded deep within her, she sucked so hard on the nipple in her mouth
the hostess whimpered, the hostess glanced around, no one had stirred, it would
have been disastrous to be dismissed on her first day for unprofessional
behaviour.

Terry recovered quickly, " I need the bathroom, we shall be landing in an hour
or so" "let me help you" the hostess replied, the two of them nipped into the WC
behind terry's seat. The hostess used a complementary flannel and washed terry
head to foot, then moisturised her, dressed her and finished by applying her
make up.

As Terry walked along the aisle to disembark, she approached the hostess,
standing with her older colleagues, Terry shook hands with the hostess thanking
her for such wonderful service, as she did she palmed the hostess with three
crisp fifty pound notes and her mobile number. Just as before she just glanced
and then strolled off the plane.

God LA was hot and this was inside or was it the hangover, Terry didn't feel to
great now, the champagne was wearing off and tiredness was kicking in, after
going through customs, she scanned for the rep. There she was, "tall blond just
like you!" the agent had said, holding her sign "PIP". Terry introduced herself
and handed the parcel over, "no, you have to give it to the MD and the other
directors in person, the limo is outside"

As they left the terminal for the limo, Terry asked what PIP meant, "you don't
know?" She laughed "pleasure in pain, have you been drinking?"

The rep looked worried, "I hope you will be ok". The limo set off, the driver
radioed through that they was on route, Terry noticed she was female as well,
how odd, never met a female limo driver she thought!

The drive to uptown Beverly hills took about an hour, silence in the limo was
unbearable, Terry looked to the rep for a reaction, the rep looked up "the
Directors will not be impressed, your still drunk" " so what they might fancy me
anyway, top dogs always like the slutty type" the rep smiled " yes you might be
right, in fact I know you are right", something told Terry she meant something
in that statement, she wondered what? The office was an extension to the main
house made entirely of glass, much like one of the Glass houses at Kew gardens,
the windows where steamed up with the heat of the tropical plants. The doors
slid open and the rep led terry in, it was like entering a plantation from the
turn of the century, through the climbers and vines a clearing appeared, where
five ladies sat around a huge terracotta table, the table was basically a solid
plateau, beautifully carved with such detail. All the ladies looked up with a
smile, the lady at the head of the table spoke first "perfect timing", so the
directors are all women mused terry, so where's all the guys "I hope you had a
good trip, I know your company will benefit from the introduction of "Pain in
Pleasure" with Aphrodite creations, we searched five countries to find someone
who would manufacture our products and then we was recommended to you as our
main courier, not all deliveries would require person to person but this was a
special. So where is it then? I've been waiting for this for eight weeks" Terry
retrieved the parcel from her bag and started forward, for some reason her leg
to brain coordination failed her and she fell forward, breaking her fall by
putting her arms out, terry fell into the arms of the big powerful lady, Selina
was the founder of "Pain in Pleasure", she worked out daily in her own private
gym, business had been good to her. Selina broke Terry's fall as she saw her
parcel fall to the floor, instinctively she pushed Terry aside to grab for the
parcel. Terry landed in a pile hurting her ego, laying in a mess her skirt up
showing everything; Selina retrieved her parcel and quickly opened it. Terry
went to stand, Selina's eyes met Terry's " stay exactly where you are, you
stupid girl, your drunk you stink of alcohol, oh how you've ruined everything, I
could really have put Personal Couriers on the map" Terry panicked, "what your
goner tell them, I had a few complementary drinks on the plane and stumbled in
your office" "no! I'm goner tell them you stole something from my office and
have you arrested trying to leave the country" Terry stared in disbelief, what
was this women on, she must be insane if she thought I was going to fall for
that.

"You have two choices, what is your name girl?" " Terry", this couldn't be
happening; Terry's mind was racing!

"Either you stay and do as I say or you leave this office and see what might
happen"

"What choice do I have? You probably have cops in your bag, have some charges
trumped up against me!"

"Ok, I'm glad that's settled, now strip" the comment was so blase, that Terry
was unsure if she had heard it for real,

"What are you waiting for, you stupid girl!" Selina didn't even raise her eyes,
she was transfixed on the contents of her new parcel, the contents was on
display for all to see, a large chrome vibrator, however this vibrator had
nodules all the way around and up and down its length. The other ladies gasped
when they saw it, the chrome cock was 14 inches in length and 4 inches in girth,
there must have been at least 1000 of these little nodules all over it, suddenly
Selina stood up and raised her voice to a booming command "I SAID STRIP NOW!" 
Selina looked at two of the ladies "Chloe, Julie, help her remove her clothes",
I went to run for the door but I was too late, one of the other ladies had
already taken guard of the door, I was trapped in this hot sweaty glass house. "
You cant run, you can only do as I say, now take them fucking clothes off". 
Terry slid off her jacket, and started to unbutton her blouse, selina's eyes
glared with a vision of lust, Terry was taller than her but slimmer, a fine ass
and perfect natural breasts, large but not heavy or saggy, a six pack tummy and
tanned golden thighs, Terry removed her skirt and stood their in her stockings,
thong and matching bra, "everything girl, Quickly" Terry unclipped her bra then
slid her stockings down, holding her arm across her chest she struggled to
remove her thong, quickly covering her pussy with her hand, "good, at last, now
clasp your hands above your head, with your wrists twisted" Selina posed like a
diver locking her wrists back to front, demonstrating to Terry "higher, stretch
your arms higher" immediately terry felt her arms stiffen, straining in this
pose " Rosa, go and stand behind the slut, if her arms lower more than an inch,
whip her ass 3 times" rose went to a cupboard and took out a long riding crop
and stood behind Terry, swishing the whip to let Terry know of its presence
"easy Rosa I'm sure you'll get to use that sooner rather than later!" the last
of the ladies was still sitting, waiting for her instructions "Zara, go and get
your piercing kit will you" Terry shuddered, she'd always thought of piercing
but had never been brave enough, Zara looked to Chloe and Julie "will you get
her nipples ready, make sure you freeze them real hard" Chloe got some ice and
passed some to Julie, slowly they both worked on Terry's nipples, they hardened
straight away, Selina had sat back down to watch, "Rosa she's starting to sag,
do your job" as quick as she spoke, Rosa slashed down three times, hard and
without mercy, terry screamed out and stretched her arms higher "that's better"
Zara returned with her kit, and proceeded to pierce each of Terry's nipples with
a thick gold bar, strangely it was a rather pleasant feeling, not how she had
expected it, Terry wanted to scream out but her body was betraying her, the
wetness between her golden thighs, her trimmed pussy was glistening, plus the
fear of that Rosa standing behind her, the whip cut so deeply last time and
Terry was never very good with that pain thing.

Zara stepped back admiring her work, she had fitted a gold bar through each
nipple, next she had connected them with a thick gold chain, even though the
weight was only slight Terry could feel the pull on her erect nipples. Selina
looked at her from her seat at the head of the table, "come here" Terry walked
to Selina and stood before her, this time her modesty was not as apparent, Terry
stood proud, her breasts firm and jutting, decorated beautifully.

Selina stood up removed her skirt, then sat back down, her thighs encased in tan
silk stockings however she wore no knickers and her pussy was shaved completely
bald.

"Lay across my lap terry", this was not a order more a request, Terry placed
herself across Selina's lap, her arse exposed, her cheeks yawning showing her
rosebud, her breasts hung heavy. Selina reached down and clawed the swinging
breast with her sharp nails not to hurt more to just scratch, pulling on the
chain lovingly, placing her other hand on her neck to gently restrain her. Terry
let out a low audible moan, "she is ready, and Chloe you may begin to chastise
our new friend". Chloe knelt in front of Selina; from her pocket Chloe took a
small packet "will you spread her cheeks wider for me Selina please",

"Of course Chloe" Selina obliged smiling, from the packet

Chloe poured the wide powder all around all around terry's asshole, the coke
formed a little snow hill all around, using her own hands she spread the cheeks
a little wider, allowing Selina to go back to her breast teasing. Dipping her
tongue in Chloe worked the coke into terry's ass, what was this sensation her
ass was heating up in a numbing way, Chloe's tongue probed and probed until the
tip was in, the coke going in with it, Terry's ass was completely numb now,
using her tongue and finger she worked the remaining grains into Terry's ass,
was this suppose to be some sort of punishment, it was divine. Although Terry
was not an ass virgin, it was an area she had not explored in depth, maybe this
was what was about to happen. Julie gently eased away Chloe and took her
position gently starting to slap Terry's ass. Selina dipped a nail in Chloe's
coke and snorted in up her right nostril, taking another dip she fed the other
nostril, then taking a larger dip she carefully brought her nail down to terry
and placed it at her nostril, pushing her hand down on terry's neck she
whispered "take it dear your love this even more". Terry was feeling so light
yet aroused like never before, her juices had made her thighs wet. The slapping
on terry's ass was constant cheek to cheek; she pushed her ass higher to receive
the slap sooner. The coke went around Terry's head in milliseconds, god she felt
good, she was being punished but she was loving it the experience was so new to
her, normally took Terry took control of the things in her life. Next it was
Zara, she slid her hand between Selina's thigh and Terry's pussy, gently rubbing
her clit, while she rubbed Zara lent forward and took a line of coke from
Selina's hand, then kissing her boss deeply sharing the bitter sweet coke taste,
she worked Terry's clit gently as if she wanted Terry to have some pleasure but
not to cum, touching then leaving off, then touching again!

Terry felt something strange, it was hard but thin, Rosa was rubbing her crack
with the long thin whip, its leather tail getting damp from Terry's exposed wet
cunt, gently tapping her asshole, not painfully but playing, then back to her
cunt to make the leather switch wetter.

Selina then smiling to the ladies, gestured them back, eased Terry off her slap
and allowed her to stand, Terry was in a state of sexual near explosion, "climb
on the table and get on all fours and have your ass facing us please terry".
Selina had said please, it was as if they had accepted her into their little
club, gingerly she climbed up dipping her tummy and head making her ass and
shoulders into a beautiful curve.

Resting her hand on Terry's ass, Selina asked Rosa to fetch the new product, as
Rosa brought it over, Terry felt the coke and remnants of champagne swirling in
her, she felt euphoric but where had she let this go, she was about to be fucked
by a monster of a cock, by a bunch of thirty something rich bitches, "oh well!"
there was fuck all she could do about it now. As Selina lubed the cock, she
asked Julie to fetch the tail, "tail," murmured Terry, what the hell was a tail?
Selina played the huge cock at the apex of terry's cunt, pushing, twisting, and
working it in inch-by-inch, the lube and Terry's wetness made the monster slid
in with ease. Selina was surprised, she had managed to get at least three
quarters of this super cock into Terry's cunt, her pussy was sucking for more,
but Selina new it was in far enough, from the base she pulled a wire out and
connected it to the gold chain hanging from terry's nipples, from her drooping
head position Terry could see this happening, she wanted to know what was
happening when she was surprised by the butt plug being pushed into her ass,
with its mane of silky hair, it tickled Terry's thighs, she smiled but was
unable to speak, the feeling of the motionless cock and the butt plug was
consuming her every thought.

Selina lent forward to her playthings ear and spoke softly; I want you to
envisage you are a pony trying to entice a male pony. With a click Selina turned
on the vibrator, the nodules terry had seen where in fact multitudes of tiny
electrodes, each sending out a small electrical pulse, the line to the nipple
chain was sending pulses straight to each nipple, Terry bucked and writhed all
she could feeling every sense in her body ready to explode. As Terry opened her
eyes in ecstasy, she could see Selina sliding onto the table guiding her pussy
towards Terry's dipped head, Terry lapped at the wet cunt like a puppy with its
first bone, soon Selina was cuming with Terry, Terry slumped, giving slight
jerks with each pulse entering her Zara removed the huge phallus from terry's
wet sex, licking it clean, still turned on pulsing in Zara's mouth. Julie, Rosa
and Chloe where pleasuring each other on the couch watching the spectacle that
had unfolded in front of them.



After they had all cleaned up and fixed their attire and make up, Selina
addressed Terry, "you have redeemed your company and yourself, please play this
disc on your way home, it gives our company policies and details, as Terry
walked for the door, Selina called out, "I hope it wont be too long before we
meet again?" Terry glanced back and replied as she left the room "I don't think
so darling" and let the door close behind her.

As Terry boarded the flight home, she thought of the disc, maybe she might like
to see them again, it was such a disgustingly horny experience she wondered what
they could do to top it?

She popped the disc into the arm slot and the screen flicked alive, she was
shocked to see Selina wearing the same suit she had seen her in only a couple of
hours ago, the sound came through the headphones and terry went into shock.
"Terry you are now one of us, we all have discs like this", the film showed
terry throughout the whole proceedings that had transpired that afternoon "if
you reveal anything of our private meeting, this disc will be put on the net,
distributed throughout London, and maybe a copy might even be sent to your
parents" the disc only showed Terry, the other ladies where cropped out of the
images, all you could see where the hands of Zara, Chloe, Julie and Rosa and the
bald pussy of Selina.



As Terry sat back and started to watch the disc a voice appeared near her ear

"Shall I get the champagne and watch that with you?" that nice hostess on her
homeward flight.




Chapter 2

The designer

Terry was glad it was Saturday, the last two days had been mentally draining,
yet very pleasing! She had two whole days to think about it till she found out
if anything had been reported back. Somehow she new she would be ok as far as
her employers where concerned.



Apart from an appointment with a designer she had the weekend to herself, maybe
a trip to the health club, a movie or maybe even have a massage. Terry had
picked up the apartment during the 90's recession, and then the area had been
caught up in the expansion of the docklands and had become a very desirable
place to live. The apartment was the top floor of a converted tea warehouse and
was all open plan. Terry was modernising it as funds would allow her, and now it
was time for the Bathroom, a designer from an one of the high street companies
was going to come in and design a Victorian style Bathroom to match the age of
the warehouse.

Terry struggled out of bed and made her way to the old bathroom, she'd better
clean herself up before this woman arrived. As Terry showered she thought of the
events with Selina and her friend's god it was incredible, Terry had always been
adventurous but this was something new to her, pain! But would she be able to
inflict it as well. The idea of spanking another woman was quite exciting. As
Terry closed her eyes her hand drifted to her pussy, it was wet but this was not
water this was her own juice, her wetness at being so excited. Spreading her
lips Terry slipped two fingers in, slumping against the shower wall, a multitude
of small orgasms wracked through her body, pumping her fingers in and out Terry
whimpered, her left hand slipped behind her cheeks and touched her anus, it gave
way with just a little push, this was another new found pleasure. Her previous
experience was with a male partner who had badgered her into trying anal, it was
ok but because of his size it had been uncomfortable but with just her finger it
was really quite nice.



It was hot today so Terry decided shorts would be good, slipping a thong on
first, a little silk pink number followed by some loose workout shorts and a
crop top, had terry put on weight, she didn't think so but this top was tight,
it really made Terry's bust look good, firm and proud, but it was stretchy
enough and she couldn't be bothered to pick out anything else. Tying her hair
into two bunches Terry walked out to the lounge, sitting on the floor she did
three sets of thirty sit ups, Terry's stomach was as tight as a washboard, Terry
wasn't skinny she was toned, she ate well but looked after herself with a strict
regime of exercise, 3 visits a week to a health club, a full massage once a
fortnight and swimming every other day. Even when she was abroad she would make
sure she kept it up, most of the hotels she stayed in provided facilities.



The buzzer went on the intercom, Terry looked at the monitor, dam it was the
designer and she hadn't even had any breakfast, she'd arrived over half an hour
early. Terry buzzed the door lock, which allowed the lady to enter the cage
lift, the ancient motors kicked in as the lift came up to Terry's floor. Pulling
the cage open Terry held out her hand "Dolphin Bathrooms, yes!" " Yes I'm Mrs
lexor, Sally Lexor, please call me Sally" Terry smiled "I'm Terry but you must
excuse me, I'm just about to have breakfast, you are a little early, would you
like to join me?" sally looked surprised, she had been sure the appointment was
for 10 o'clock, maybe she was wrong. "Ok I will have a coffee with you, I will
go and start doing the measuring" Terry showed sally the bathroom and left her
to measure up. Breakfast consisted of very strong coffee, juice, grapefruit and
a thick slice of toast and jam, the ladies sat and discussed sally's ideas over
the breakfast bar, a large slipper style bath in royal doulton blue, a high
Cistern, a large size hand basin with the old style bone ivory twist top taps
but with one modern luxury, under floor heating. It sounded great and Terry was
really excited but there was a crunch, a ?15,000 crunch, Terry had budgeted for
?10,000 and that had been a push, after some negotiating that got it down to
?12,500 but Terry was still short and she so wanted this bathroom, Sally had
done a 3D design of it on her laptop and it looked fantastic, "think it over
Terry, may I use your old loo?" sally laughed

"Of course." Sally went into the loo, raising her skirt and pulling down her
panties, sally sat on the old stained porcelain, god it looked like this had
been here since the building was erected, this deal was in the bag. Sally wasn't
sure what caught her eye, but Terry's linen basket was open and on the top was
the most beautiful underwear sally had scene. A fine lace camisole, a thong to
match, a very low cut push up bra, a fine piece from Agent Provocateur also with
a matching thong, it was just as sally was handling these items that Terry came
bursting through the door, she had sliced her thumb on the glass that the juice
was in, it had broken in the sink and she needed a plaster quick, forgetting
there was somebody in her bathroom she had just walked straight in.

"What are you doing with my underwear sally" forgetting the blood dripping from
her wound, sally stood quickly, her panties still round her ankles. Terry
thought fast, "was you thinking of stealing it sally" sally tried to mumble her
answer but through her embarrassment the words came out mumbled, "I think you
was sally and I don't like thieves" Terry's mind accelerated, a chance had came
upon her on the very day she thought about it. Somebody for Terry to punish. "I
was just admiring them Terry, I wasn't going to steal them, don't be silly" "are
you calling me silly?" Terry was putting on a good act of anger, "bend over that
sink now" sally went to pull up her panties, Terry's foot came out trapping
them, "and you can leave them there" the panties ripped off as sally stepped
forward. She was no match for Terry's build; this tall athletic woman was
blocking her escape. Terry grabbed sally's hair and bent her over the sink and
bent her forward with her strong arms, all the while sally was letting out
protests of innocence. They fell on deaf ears, Terry new where she was going
with this and nothing was going to stop her, the flat below was vacant, so sally
could scream as much as she liked for all Terry cared. No one was going to come
to her rescue. Flicking her skirt up and catching the hem with the hand that was
pinning her down left her ass exposed, the ass was large but not fat maybe a
little too much sitting down was done but it was not flabby not bad for a lady
of at least forty, Terry had guessed sally was in her early forties, but she
looked good for it, maybe an semi regular gym user or at least a class or two of
aerobics. Terry's hand whipped down on the ass, sally screamed a dieing scream,
"oh shut up you silly bitch, that was just the first" Terry rained down at least
another twelve hand slaps, changing from cheek to cheek, all the while sally
protesting, sobbing huge tears with the pain and shame, she hadn't been spanked
since she was six and to have this done by another woman and a younger one at
that, it was killing her "there there!" Terry cooed, "all over, would you like
some cream to take away the soreness" sally nodded, still holding her, Terry
reached for the tube in the medicine cabinet, squeezing the cream onto sally's
inflamed cheeks, Terry massaged it in. sally's ass was getting hotter not
cooler, Terry had been rubbing her muscle cream in, Deep Heat and it was
working, the cream was heating sally's ass, as sally struggled against Terry's
grip, her ass was wiggling back and forth, Terry started to work deeper into her
crack spreading the cream to sally's puckered hole, teasing it with her finger.
If I found I like this, so might she Terry was thinking. Oblivious to sally's
screams and tears, Terry worked her finger in and out of this tight little hole,
her other fingers started to work on sally's cunt, she was wet, Was she getting
turned on by her onslaught like Terry did when it happened to her, was her
squeals starting to take on a moan. Terry popped her finger out and stood back,
"I'm not going to fuck someone unless I know they are clean, strip off and get
in the shower and I will come in and check" with that Terry turned and walked
from the bathroom, heading straight into the kitchen, where turning on the hot
tap at the kitchen sink would render the shower ice cold. Sally stood there
thinking what can I do, I cant just run out, I have to wait for a lift to come
up and if I do that she might punish me again, this is rape but what can I do
and what would I do after, I cant go to the police station and say I was raped
by another woman, the shame would be awful and then having to give evidence, how
would my husband take it. Sally turned on the shower and removed the rest of her
clothes, feeling the temperature of the water, sally tried to adjust it to make
it warmer, it was ice cold as Terry walked back in. Terry just stared at her,
sally stepped in to the freezing stream of jets, her nipples went hard instantly
on her very large chest, Terry hadn't noticed just how large they where under
her blouse "what size are they?" pointing at sally's breasts "36E" sally
whispered "gee I thought mine where big at 36dd, mind you, you could do with
shaping them up a bit, bit saggy", "why are you doing this to me?" sally sobbed,
"all I was doing was admiring your beautiful underwear." "Turn around and face
the wall!" Terry barked, taking an exfoliating sponge and some soap Terry
started to scrub sally's back, not gently but like scrubbing a dirty child,
Terry took the sponge between sally's legs and roughed up her pussy, sally's
legs parted slightly, it was as if it was natural, but this was not, A forty
three year old woman being scrubbed in a freezing clod shower. Terry was
starting to get wet by all the splashing, so she peeled off her crop top, her
large breasts hanging free, her nipples still pierced with the gold bars given
to by Selina's associate Zara, Terry had decided to keep them, at least for the
mean time, she was still on the fence if she was going to keep them in. Terry
turned sally around, working on her breasts making them glow with the roughness
of the sponge. Sally stared at Terry's pierced nipples as she was being washed,
she wondered how much that must of hurt, what was she going to do, maybe she
could cut her deal with the Bathroom suite, loose her commission but get away
from this awful woman. Terry saw sally staring but did not react; she just
continued till the job was done, standing back she looked at sally up and down.
"Those saggy tits need some work but your legs are good and your shoulders look
strong, I will have to do something about that bush of yours, you must get so
sweaty." Terry pulled a face of disgust, "sit on the toilet and spread your legs
wide, that's it, put your feet up on the seat so you can spread them wider",
sally was very compliant Terry thought, maybe she was coming round. Kneeling
between her thighs Terry trimmed away most of the dark curls, leaving a stubble,
then spreading some shaving oil, she started with the razor, holding her pussy
closed she carefully removed all the remaining stubble, "right kneel on the seat
and spread your ass" sally did it without argument, holding her cheeks quite
wide, Terry cleared away all the remaining hairs growing around her ass, with a
resounding slap, sally new Terry was done. "Right get into the lounge and make
me some coffee, this has been hard work".

Terry followed sally out and sat at the widow seat and turned on the television,
flicking to the AV channel it showed Terry's position on the seat, the digi cam
was set up just right, as sally came in with the coffee, Terry turned the
television off and switched the stereo on, some smooth jazz filled the room.
Passing sally a phone "ring your office you are sick and going home, they will
have to cancel the rest of your appointments for the day, oh and ring your
husband, tell you have a great deal and you want to go out somewhere special
tonight, tell him you will meet him at Seven" sally took the phone and made the
calls, very well in fact. Terry got up and looked out of the huge windows, she
felt that someone watched her on the far side of the Thames, a telescope maybe
or binoculars, she had no evidence, she just felt it. In the past she been
making love on that very seat and it was as though she was putting on a
performance for a viewer, this fact didn't spook Terry, in fact it was somewhat
a fuel to a fantasy for her. "Have a seat sally, you seem to understand that we
can work this situation out, you are going to give me a bigger discount, then
you are going to pleasure me for the afternoon, then I'm going to fuck you and
then send you home to your husband ready for him to fuck you, now isn't that
nice of me?" sally looked at Terry, and nodded, looking at sally's bald cunt
Terry asked, "so have you been with a woman before?" sally shook her head from
side to side, "well now you will have" Terry came round the back of the three
seater and draped one leg along the top, this made her shorts gape, "can you see
my thong sally?" Terry enquired; sally looked up and saw that she could, a baby
pink silk thong, the shorts where so loose that access was easily available,
"pull them aside and have a look at my nice sweet cunt" using the words to shock
and stimulate the situation, sally reached up and pulled aside the shorts and
peeling the tight thong from Terry's pussy, she saw that Terry was nearly bald
except for a tiny little patch, just like a porn star she thought, how would she
explain her bald pussy to her husband, she'd never done that in the past, mind
you he would probably like it knowing him. "Lick it, sally use your tongue on my
cunt, I want to cum in the next ten minutes so you had better get started
otherwise your ass is going to be punished again, but this time with my belt,
she would never explain belt welts to her husband so sally reluctantly dipped
her head into Terry's exposed pussy, tasting a woman for the first time, it
wasn't so bad, slightly salty, slightly sweet, using her fingers she opened
Terry's pussy wider lapping with her tongue, running the tip of her tongue along
the slit till she rested on Terry's clit, gently flicking it back and forth, if
sally was knew to this, she must have seen a lot of videos on it cause she was
acting like a woman who had done it all her life, already Terry could feel her
pussy starting to hot up, it shouldn't even take ten minutes, that's not right.
Terry pulled away and removed her shorts and thong, turning her back on sally
and bending forward at the waist, pushing her ass sally's way, "continue please
sally" all though she said please, there was still the tone of authority, sally
leant forward and spread Terry's butt so she could get at her open wet pussy,
"oh and don't forget pinky will you sally" sally shuddered, licking a woman was
one thing but to lick her asshole, sally applied the tip of her tongue to
Terry's ass, probing her tongue around the bud, the pungent taste was not to
sally's liking but it was not altogether horrible, dipping her tongue from pussy
to ass was having the correct effect on Terry. Terry bucked and heaved, grinding
her ass back into sally's face, nearly smothering her; Terry's pussy was very
wet now as sally licked at the wet juices. Suddenly Terry grunted, an orgasm hit
her, she rode it out then pulled away, turning to face sally looking at her face
all glistening, "now its your turn honey, bend over the arm of the chair and
wait for me", where was she going sally pondered as she lay there ass prone
upwards, waiting to be pleasured for the first time by another woman. Terry
returned smiling with her hand behind her back, "bury your face in the pillow
sally," Terry knelt between sally's thighs and prised her cheeks apart with one
hand and with the other started to probe with the big black vibrator she had
bought some months earlier. It was at least 10 inches in length and thicker than
any mans cock, it was smooth and hard. Sally's cunt gave no resistance to the
big fat intruder, Terry worked in it slowly but firmly, making sally give little
grunts, this time Terry was giving sally loving slaps to her ass, more like a
slap followed by a caress as she started a slow pumping rhythm, with each down
stroke going a little deeper, changing the slaps from cheek to cheek,
occasionally tweaking sally's nipples. Sally new her body was now betraying her
with signs of lust and sexual craving, it had been many a year since her husband
had turned her on like this, the juice from sally's cunt was all the lubricant
Terry needed to be able to work her thumb into sally's ass, her thumb was
popping her asshole as the fat black cock was reaming her cunt, suddenly sally
convulsed letting out a deep guttural groan and she slumped, spent!

Allowing sally to rest and compose her self they cuddled up on the chair,
nothing was said, Terry tapped on her laptop on the sideboard, then turned the
television on, the screen flicked into life. Sally stared in disbelief at what
she saw; it was she licking the clit of another woman, her being fucked with a
dildo. She burst out crying, "There, there it will never be seen by anyone but
me" with along pause "unless you do not agree to my wishes! Which are not overly
demanding, you will give me the discount I ask for and you will visit me every
time I'm in the country" Sally stared at the picture on the television screen,
she must agree, if this got out, on the net she would die, her family would
disown her, she would be cast out as a dirty slut of a whore!



"Right we better get you dressed to meet your husband then" leading sally
through to her bedroom, sally went to put her clothes back on, "not them things
sally, I will supply you with a new outfit to give you an idea what I expect to
see you in future," tossing sally a silk thong, Terry enquired what size sally
was, she had an idea that most of her outfits would be a little tight on sally,
this was confirmed, sally was a 14 to Terry's size 12, never mind. Taking a pale
blue summer dress out, she held it against sally; it was short and would show
sally's curves off well, slipping it over her head she pulled it down. It fit
like a glove showing off sally's ample tits and it only just hung below her ass
cheeks. Luckily sally and Terry shared the same shoe size so Terry was able to
give sally a matching pair of heels. "Ok fix your makeup and make sure you use
plenty, you want to cover up those puffy eyes, then I will give you a lift, I
want to make sure you don't change before you meet your old man."



As they left the buildings garage in Terry's open top BMW, sally wondered what
her husband was going to say seeing her in scarlet lipstick and an outfit that
would compliment any high-class hooker.




Chapter 3

The Voyeur





Emma had bought the Telescope from the market on Portobello road, it was a fine
wood and brass instrument on a wooden tripod, and Emma had lovingly brought it
up to new condition, hours of sanding and polishing had restored it to make the
central feature of her living room near the French windows that led out to her
balcony. The flat she owned on the south of the river looked on to St
Katherine's dock by tower bridge, Emma would often take her morning coffee out
on the balcony in the summer, looking down on the boats in the river, thinking
if only she could see closer then it would be better, after a morning browsing
the market she stumbled across this beautiful telescope and decided it was just
what she needed. Emma was the heiress of a large fortune made by her father in
corporate banking, he had died suddenly leaving Emma very wealthy, and Emma's
mother had died in child berth. Her education had been in a stuffy all girl
school, where she had excelled in all subjects but social skills, Emma was a
very shy person who was content to sit on the lines and watch, not to be
involved. This is why Emma loved her telescope so much; it gave her the freedom
to watch the world from the confines of her flat.

Keeping the living room light off, Emma could sit in the living room and look
out with the telescope without the fear of being seen, even though she was in
the penthouse of a six storey building, there was quite a few other six storey
buildings that might be able to see her. The docklands across the river, to the
left of St Kat's had recently been developed and they could see her with a pair
of binoculars, if she got caught spying there would be a media circus, a frenzy,
Emma shuddered at the thought. Most evenings at some point, Emma would flick off
the light and glance through the scope and see what she could see.

Emma looked through the eyepiece and saw the blonde, everyone was nameless, this
made it all the more better for Emma, no identities. She had seen her many times
before, she was renovating one of the tea warehouses, she was stunning, it was
nothing for Emma to see her wandering around in just panties or even nude, she
had seen her sit on the bedroom floor and do hundreds of sit ups, painting walls
with just a teddy on. Emma didn't consider herself a bisexual but she admired
the female form deeply, she had several Helmut Newton original prints on her
wall, of course bought anonymous on the Internet.

This evening was different, what was she doing, she seemed to be pleasuring
another women, Emma increased the magnification, the blonde was using a large
black dildo on another woman, she was fucking her with it, with the
magnification at maximum Emma could see the sweat beading on the other woman's
brow, she was slapping her as she fucked her, Emma stared in disbelief, she had
seen sex before but not like this, this was brutal, raw, hard fucking and it was
turning Emma on. Emma could feel the heat in her lower belly grow; Emma was a
master at masturbation. Lonely nights in her dorm had given many opportunities
to learn the art of self loving, while the other girls would go out to find
boy's, Emma would lay alone dreaming of love, learning what turned her on the
most, spreading her young pussy, dipping fingers in, making it slick, then
rubbing that button at the top of her slit, till she whimpered into the pillow
gagging her mouth. As Emma watched the blonde fuck the woman, she slid her hand
into her sweat pants and teased her clit, gently rubbing the button she new oh
so well, keeping her eye on the proceedings over the river she frigged herself
to heaven. After a shattering orgasm Emma must off drifted off because when she
awoke, the flat she spied on was in darkness, Emma was disappointed and decided
she wanted to learn more about this blonde, Emma had this curiosity for things,
and once on a mission she would be relentless in finding out as much she could,
that way she wouldn't have to make contact, she would know enough, to Emma it
was a game she played, she had followed people all over London looking to find
out there secrets. Then just as easily, skulk back into the shadowy domain where
she lived!

The Blonde was reading her morning paper, it was Sunday, she was drinking
coffee, wearing a kimono silk gown and nothing else, she was sitting on a high
stool at the breakfast counter, she seem very happy, enjoying life. It was
unusual for Emma to be using the telescope so early but the blonde had
captivated her yesterday evening, she wanted to know more about the blonde, she
wanted to know everything.

Emma scanned around the room, looking at all the details, the kitchen, the
living room, the study area, the post it note on the side of the PC with My new
Mobile Number scrawled on it, "Jesus" Emma thought, what good fortune, she had
stumbled on to the best thing ever, instant contact with the blonde. Emma
thought for a good while then text her first message to the blonde; you made me
cum yesterday,

It was short and enough to start the blonde thinking, who was it from? Was the
designer trying to contact the blonde so soon? Emma's phone beeped twice, the
reply had come so quickly, I do my best, why don't you cum round again, leave
your husband at home, Emma text back straight away, she was going to start a
game, she was going to head fuck this blonde without ever touching her, I was
never in your place, I watch you from a far... Emma stared through the eyepiece
as the blonde received her text, the blonde walked towards her main lounge
window and gazed out, and she looked baffled and kept staring at her phone. Emma
had already a game plan for the blonde and it was about to unfold.

The blonde walked about her flat, tidying, sorting her laundry for the next
week, making lunch, her usual routine for a Sunday. After lunch the blonde got
her gym things ready and set off for her usual Sunday workout and sauna, all the
while under Emma's watchful gaze. With Emma's wealth, she could demand a
privilege service from some of London's more exclusive stores; Sunday shopping
and delivery service was the norm. Browsing on Harrods website, Emma selected a
red and gold satin Victorian style corset, a matching gold thong, a selection of
sizes in red patent heels and some red silk stockings, having the items charged
to her account, Emma requested them to be delivered within the hour to the
blondes address. The local off licence delivered some champagne to the address
as well, which had been obtained from a London street guide website, it hadn't
taken Emma long to figure out where the blonde lived.

The blonde returned from her trip to the gym to find a mass of parcels waiting
in her lift, where had they come from, the blonde pondered, entering her flat
she placed them on the kitchen counter, dropped her gym kit in the laundry
basket and returned to the parcels. The first she opened was quite heavy, after
removing the wrapper she found a smart wooden box, where inside was a bottle of
Krystal champagne, somebody loves me the blonde thought to her self, grabbing a
flute from the cupboard the blonde poured herself a full glass, "if your gonna
drink champagne you may as well drink the good stuff" Emma said to herself not
flinching from her stool while peering through the eye piece. Next the blonde
open the largest of the soft parcels, they where all expensively wrapped with
Harrods own paper, inside was a fine boned corset with such a rich colour, the
blonde was becoming more and more curious as she opened all the other parcels,
who did she know with this taste and money, there must have been at least five
hundred pounds of underwear and another hundred on the champagne. She was sure
that Sally could not have afforded this and she wasn't sure if she had total
control of Sally yet.

Just then the blondes phone received a text Well do you like my presents, who
was this person, the blonde replied but this time she wanted the identity Who
are you? The blonde waited for a reply however the wait was very short Why don't
you try them on honey! The blonde through down her phone on the couch and moved
to the big windows, was she right? Was someone watching her? This was exciting,
the blonde was unsure, unusual for her, going to the bedroom cupboard, the
blonde took out a small bag of white powder, putting a nail full on the well of
her forefinger and thumb, then inhaled the lot in one snort. Emma didn't realise
this big blonde had a coke habit, it was something the blonde did when she
needed a confidence boost, which was not very often so the bag in her bedside
locker had been there some while. Returning to the sitting room the blonde went
to the music system, after selecting some sexual acid jazz, she collected the
items. Just then the buzzer went on the intercom, damm thought the blonde this
was getting very horny, a lady answered "I'm your corset fitter from Harrods, I
was told to be hear at 6-30pm", what was going on, somebody has gone to a lot of
expense here." "You'd better come up" the blonde replied, the coke was hitting
hard, the blonde felt electric, she was loving this voyage, but who was leading
the game? The corset fitter emerged from the old gate lift, a corset fitter she
was not, in fact she was a very expensive hooker again obtained from the
internet, dressed in a straight black shift dress, heels and perfect stockings
she looked the part. Emma had procured the hooker from a very exclusive site she
knew of through society contacts, these girls would do exactly as asked and
where also well groomed, the price reflected it.

"Are you ready to have your fitting" the lady asked, the blonde just smiled and
led the lady over to the living space where she had draped the items, "would you
like some champagne?" the blonde asked, the lady just nodded as she admired the
underwear. The blonde returned handing a flute to the lady, "ok strip off your
tracksuit my dear," the lady stood patiently while the blonde removed her
tracksuit, then her bra, the blonde stood in her thong facing the lady, she was
bigger than the lady but not by much, "panties as well please", without
hesitation, the blonde slid the thong down, stepping out when it hit her ankles.
The lady bent to her knee and slipped the new thong over one ankle then the
other sliding it up smoothly till it bit into the blondes ass, pulling tighter,
it was a size too small, it was maybe a size ten or even an eight, but the lady
still managed to pull it high enough to sit on the blondes hips, it was very
tight in the blondes ass, and giving the camel toe appearance of her crotch,
almost entering her lips.

Emma had not been lazy, she had attached a Nikon to the front of the telescope
and was photographing the scene unfold, her other hand had moved to her pussy,
stroking through the silk of her own panties. Next the lady picked up the corset
and wrapped it around her body but only laced a couple of laces at the bottom.
Next she knelt and asked the blonde to place her foot on her thigh, slipping the
toe over the blondes foot, she rolled the stocking up with the art of somebody
with years of experience, clipping the stocking to the straps hanging from the
corset, she repeated the procedure with the other leg. "What shoe size are you?"
the lady selected the six, the heels where four and a half inch spiked heels in
red patent leather, absolutely gorgeous and still just about practical to walk
in, so now the blonde stood at the window looking out in a half tied corset,
gold silk thong, stockings and heels. The lady took hold of the lower laces and
started to pull tighter working each one as tight as she could, placing her hand
flat in the centre of the blondes back so she could pull as tight as possible,
thankfully for the blonde, her strong stomach muscles could take the
restriction, but the lady was only half way up, the blonde could feel her large
breasts grow, they where swelling up into a fantastic cleavage, her breathing
was becoming deeper, the blonde said it was tight enough but the lady disagreed,
with a sharp fierce slap, she lashed down on the blondes ass cheek, which in
turn turned to a caress, whispering to the blonde, the lady told her it was
going much tighter, it was as though her tongue was fucking her ear as she
spoke. Finally she tied the corset off in a bow at the top, the blondes waist
had gone in by four inches and her breasts had swelled two extra cup sizes, the
blonde walked around the room, she felt like a goddess, admiring herself in her
full length mirror, she returned to the lady, "do I look ok? I've never worn a
corset before." the lady drew a nail across the blondes exposed breast, "good
enough to eat, I have some other items I was asked to bring, I had to stop in
one of those tacky shops in Soho" from her bag she removed a large soft dildo
with a suction cup on it's base, a pair of soft leather cuffs, and a small
paddle. The lady squatted by the glass coffee table in front of the big windows,
plunging the dildo on to the corner of the surface, it stood upright and proud,
the lady placed the cuffs on the table and the paddle next to them. The blonde
watched the lady arrange the items with a smile on her face, surely this was not
one of Harrods normal staff, the coke was still making the blonde's mind race
and she was loving every minute of it, who had arranged this? Maybe it was
Selina from the states, she obviously had enough money to arrange all of this,
the blondes spell was broke by the beeping of another text arriving, struggling
to bend to reach the phone the corset biting as the blonde bent over, it was the
same person again. I want you to make me cum! The blonde quickly replied, are
there any rules? Emma was so hot she was close to exploding, but there was
mileage in this game and she wanted to see it through, she had already exposed
four rolls of film. There are no rules, are you the giver or receiver? With that
the blonde tossed the phone back down and looked at the lady "go into the
bathroom and fetch the KY Jelly," without hesitation the lady did as she was bid
and returned promptly to the blonde, "it's a lovely day, open the patio window's
and stand in front of them with your back to me please" passing to the blonde
the item she had collected and again did as she was asked, opening the windows
wide, looking out onto the river viewing the flats to the left of tower bridge,
the lady saw a sparkle coming from one of the flats, just like sun glare hitting
glass. The lady heard the sound of the coffee table being dragged closer but
still showed little emotion, next the blonde came round to the front of the
lady, smiling she cuffed the lady to the balcony railing. The blonde could be
seen from the street if someone cared to look up but she didn't give a shit, she
was so euphoric, she would of waived if she had seen anyone looking, the blonde
moved back behind the lady and gently guided her ankles back so that her back
arched into a nice dip. Lifting the lady's black dress, the blonde was very
impressed with the view, perfect seamed stockings held by a black lace garter
belt, with a matching G-string, keeping her back straight, the blonde bent, so
her ass rested on her heels, she had to keep her back dead straight or the
corset would bite and restrict her breathing even more than it was already.
Parting the lady's ass gently, the blonde extended her tongue, just the tip
touching the lady's outer lips through the fabric of the G-string, tracing a
line along the slit, still the lady remained without emotion, she was calm and
cool as though this was normal customer service, as the blonde licked she gently
caressed the lady's ass, gently parting the cheeks further using her tongue to
hook the string and then pulling at it with her teeth. The string pulled away
from her ass cheeks easily, the lady had a firm ass, high and pronounced,
absolutely gorgeous in fact, now digging deeper into her wet pussy with her long
tongue practised tongue the blonde sensed her wetness building, gripping the
lady's hips she guided her down till her pussy was in line with the waiting
dildo, taking the KY the blonde greased it thoroughly, it stood there waiting to
impale her. The dildo slipped into the lady with ease, slipping deep into her
pussy. The blonde suggested with a motion how the lady should start to raise and
lower her hips, which the lady took to very well, grinding on the large cock
buried in her loins, the blonde raised and walked to the lady's ear, "may I
paddle your ass please, I will stop when you cum, is that ok?" the lady just
nodded as her rhythm was starting to increase in vigour, she was fucking the
cock now.

Emma was slumped out now in her chair, her pussy glowing in the fading light of
the summer evening, still her eye focused to the camera lens which in turn was
focused on the proceedings in the flat across the river. Emma was thinking to
herself she had not eaten for ages, taking a large banana from the fruit bowl,
thinking as she peeled it how phallic it looked, Emma was so sexed up instead of
putting the banana to her mouth she moved it to her lower lips, it felt cold and
hard, but it slid in without resistance, slowly Emma pumped her pussy with the
ripe banana, it was becoming soft with Emma's heat and the furious action she
was starting to use, the roughness of the ridges on the fruit was bringing
another orgasm on, how many Emma had had by now she had lost count; Emma
screamed out for no one to hear but herself, she smiled then refocused on the
women, eating her fruit.

The blonde had been paddling the lady's ass, it was red now, it had taken quite
a few slaps to bring it to that colour, when she turned to do the other cheek,
she placed her free hand on the lady's mound, parting her pussy while she
started a slow spanking rhythm with the paddle, the cock was impaling her, her
clit had become engorged, the blonde could see it, using her fingers to encase
the dildo she could tease the clit and the lady's ass at the same time. For the
first time the lady let an emotion show, her head slumped and she took on a deep
grunting breathing, she was fighting her first orgasm, the blonde whispered to
her, "let it come honey, let it come, cum for me honey" the blonde was working
her clit and ass simultaneously, forgetting the discomfort she was in, she
wanted to see this women cum. The lady pumped till she felt she would explode,
then she did in a series of convulsions, her head hanging as low as the cuffs
would allow her shoulders to bend, the blonde removed her hand and dropped the
paddle, sliding her hand into the slip dress she caressed the lady's nipple then
kissed her deeply, her tongue searching the lady's mouth. The spell was broke by
the sound of a text arriving Did you enjoy that, I did, how would you like to do
it again and again, a different lady each time the blonde again just stared at
her phone, it beeped again Tell the lady she can fix herself then leave, don't
worry she has already been tipped in a trance the blonde passed on the
instructions to the lady, within five minutes she was standing dressed undoing
the blondes corset, and within ten she was kissing the blonde goodbye and
leaving. As the lift gate shut the phone beeped again a limo will be outside at
ten, that gives you two hours, little black dress and heels please, you will get
in and go along for the ride or you will ignore this text and you will not hear
from me again.



Chapter 4   
The limo was sitting outside terries warehouse
    right on queue, she could see it from the back widow, she could see the driver
    standing by the door of the car waiting, well this was a plunge, Terry had
    three little black dresses, the one she had chosen was one from her teens,
    she had filled out a lot sense then in many areas, her bust was a lot bigger,
    Terry was a petite 34a, however with her change of lifestyle, better eating,
    aerobics, swimming and the gym, terry had changed to become a very curvy
    women, her shoulders broad but not overly cut with muscle, a good roundness
    in her hips but no trace of fat, the 36d's and those legs, so in the long
    and short of it, the dress fit like a glove, shoestring straps and only falling
    inches below her ass cheeks, silk mixed with just a hint of lycra made the
    dress pull in on every curve, matched with a pair of killer black patent
    heels Terry headed for the lift. Although it was five past ten it was still
    very light out, the moon was so illuminating, as terry approached the chauffer
    she noticed she was female. "Good evening Miss???" the chauffer was asking
    Terry's name but in a manner that could cause no intrusion "De Ville, Terry
    De Ville, but please call me Terry", "yes miss" the chauffer opened the rear
    door for terry. This was luxury, inside was seating for twelve on an L shaped
    seat, a cut crystal bar set up, a full inboard entertainment system, cream
    leather upholstery with soft matching cushions, even the carpet was cream,
    terry thought to herself this must be a bitch to keep clean. The door closed,
    the chauffer got into her seat and pulled away, "where are we heading?" Terry
    asked, "I was told just to drive around the west end until you give me other
    instructions Terry." Suddenly the stereo came on but with a sultry ladies
    voice speaking, it didn't take terry long to realise it was a recording,
    firstly terry was told to look in one of the compartments below the bar,
    in it was twenty thousand pounds in twenty's, this was to be her spending
    money for this evening, she was to proceed to kings cross and pick up a whore
    fuck her, then take the whore for a meal in one of the many late night eateries,
    then she was to take her to top hotel, then get the morning chamber maid
    in on the action, if she completed this she could keep the change, their
    would have to be evidence, their was a micro digital camera for photographic
    evidence, a restaurant receipt, a hotel receipt. What a challenge this would
    be thought Terry but what about work, tomorrow was Monday and she had to
    see if there had been any repercussions about her trip to Selina's, using
    the cars telephone Terry left a message on her works answer system that she
    had picked up some bug and she would not be in Monday or Tuesday but should
    be fine by Wednesday.   
Cruising around Kings Cross at ten thirty at night was new to Terry and doing
  it in a limo was even more novel, she didn't realise so many girls worked the
  streets, terry lived a world away from this life style. Most of the women looked
  so rough, like this had been there life since a young age, all types where
  there, Europeans, Asian, Black, terry guessed a lot of the white girls would
  probably be former Russian states, that had that really icy cold beauty, or
  what was left of there beauty. Terry lowered the window and peered out as the
  chauffeur drove around the block, she spotted two Chinese looking girls, they
  must have been new, they still had an heir of innocence about them, and she
  told the chauffeur to pull up. Terry lowered the window some more and beckoned
  the two girls over, suddenly she realised she hadn't thought what she would
  say; she had never propositioned a working girl before. The two girls where
  a lot shorter than terry, both slim and both no older than eighteen or nineteen,
  one of them smiled at terry "you looking for good time lady, we give you good
  time" they where both Filipinos, not Chinese as terry had thought, probably
  brought over by there family specifically for street work, "where your man?" the
  second asked, still smiling, "I have no man, it's just me. How much is it for
  one of you?" the first one looked at her friend realising an opportunity to
  earn more, "we no work just one, we work two, One hundred fifty pounds each,
  you have very good time, we make you so happy lady" Terry opened the door,
  two for the price she was expecting to pay for one, this was going to be fun
  and very lucrative "so what are your names?" terry was eager to get things
  going, glancing at the one on the right "my name Suzie and my sister Joy", "ok
  Suzie you can pour the champagne and Joy, you can start by taking my clothes
  off" without a slightest hesitation the two girls complied "oh and I do not
  drink alone, I expect you two would a drink" Suzie smiled and poured three
  glasses. Joy had started to ease Terry's dress up, due to it's clinginess it
  just rolled up, revealing the white silk thong terry had selected, it looked
  good next to her tanned body. Joy slid the dress over Terry's arching back,
  as Terry arched she caught the chauffeur looking in the rear view mirror, Terry
  mouthed the words can you see  the chauffeured smiled
  and nodded, Terry smiled and went back to her hookers. Joy and Suzie knelt
  between terry's parted thighs, peeling her thong aside, which was already damp
  in anticipation, opening her up they started to lick, tasting Terry taking
  turns to place small kisses on Terry's open pussy, terry started to squirm,
  this was intense. Joy and Suzie where showing there expertise in there trade,
  Terry felt her first orgasm rising, she rode it thrusting her pelvis towards
  there eager mouths, panting with lust, yet the two Filipinos seem so cool.
  Terry glanced at the chauffer, "pull over would you please I have another job
  for you" the chauffer winked and pulled over at the next available spot. As
  the girls feasted on Terry's cunt, Terry passed the camera to the chauffer "I
  want some pictures, nice one's honey, make me look good!" the chauffeur turned
  in her seat and started to shoot, Terry could hear the camera beep as each
  shot was taken, sighing as she felt another orgasm rise in her pussy. Terry
  saw the lens of the camera extend for a close up of the girls buried in Terry's
  thighs, opening her thighs wider so the chauffeur could get a better shot she
  ruptured again into the throws of another orgasm. "Ok that's enough for now" Terry
  suddenly exclaimed " I want you two to entertain me till we get to the shops,
  take me to a adult shop chauffeur please, oh and make it a classy one, I don't
  want to go into some dive." The chauffeur put the camera on the passenger seat,
  indicated and pulled the car back out into the traffic, as the car purred along
  in the late evening traffic, Terry sat on the soft leather upholstery, with
  nothing but her damp thong watching as the two girls where in the throws of
  a '69' session she was smiling like the cat with all the cream. The evening
  was pleasantly warm, Terry glanced out at all the passing people as the car
  could only manage a mere fifteen miles per hour in the weekend congestion,
  Terry lowered the window slightly, the mirrored glass allowed the passers by
  know knowledge as to what was transpiring inside. Two passing girls saw the
  window lowering, who could be inside, it was sure to be someone famous, they
  tried to peer in but the window closed as quick as it opened.  
The chauffeur pulled the limo up in a small street, in the heart of Soho, "we
  are here miss, I mean Terry" changing her address as instructed earlier, "the
  shop is called Aphrodite, I think this is exactly what you are looking for" slipping
  her dress back on, minus the damp thong, Terry left the two Filipinos and the
  chauffeur to browse by herself. This was something she had never done before
  and she didn't want to be influenced by others or to be rushed, mind you it
  was now eleven fifteen on Sunday night, what time did these sort of shops close?
  Terry entered the shop to be greeted by a tall blond guy and an equally tall
  blond lady, both very Nordic looking, smiling they looked Terry up and down,
  Terry smiled back and started to look around, it was the dresses that caught
  Terry's eye first. Picking up a small chic PVC number, she held it against
  herself, it was short but not so short that it was obscene; it had thin shoulder
  straps and vertical slits down the back. That would do for starters, moving
  on to the vibrators and other sexual toys; Terry selected a double-ended neon
  dildo, a large black  
strap-on, two anal plugs and a long line of chrome anal beads, then from
  the S &amp; M section she picked out a leather paddle, some cuffs and a small
  spreader bar. The lady asked if that was everything,  
"I want to change into the dress, this one is soiled." Terry felt different,
  like she had a new power, the lady showed her to a fitting room and enquired
  if she would require assistance, Terry just nodded, the lady returned with
  a packet of talc, and some cherry oil. Removing Terry's dress, the lady started
  to dust Terry all over as though it was perfectly normal to her, explaining
  this would help to ease the dress on. The dress was incredibly tight; sucking
  against Terry's skin, the shop assistant shaped Terry's breasts into the PVC,
  as she pulled the dress past Terry's naked cunt the shop assistant felt her
  dampness and smiled up at Terry. The dress showed every curve to perfection,
  and then using the cherry oil she buffed Terry to a nice deep shine. A new
  pair of stilettos and Terry was ready to leave, the male attendant had been
  wrapping the other items, Terry paid the bill and left.  
Out in the night air Terry stood proud with her new appearance, she strode
  to the door of the limo with an air of a new sexual awakening, waiting for
  the chauffeur to open the door for her, the chauffeur responded dutifully and
  placed the parcels in the boot. Suzie and Joy whistled when they saw there
  employer, Terry liked this and showed a little smile.  
"Ok take me to the Dorchester now, I think we should go for one of the best",  
"Yes Terry" the chauffer replied smiling in her rear view mirror, looking
  at the two hookers Terry asked if they where available till tomorrow lunch
  time, after some heavy negotiating a fee was agreed and everyone smiled. The
  journey from Soho to park lane did not take long, when they arrived the limo
  pulled up and the night doormen came scuttling over. "Any bags Ma'am?" he asked
  in that quaint English accent. Terry pointed to the trunk whilst looking to
  the chauffer, Terry asked her to return at midday tomorrow; the chauffer offered
  her the car phone number in case she needed anything, stressing the anything.
  The doorman followed the ladies to the front desk carrying the bags from the
  sex shop, if only he new what they contained, at his age heart failure would
  have been for sure.  
The receptionist informed Terry that there was only three rooms available,
  a double, a twin and the executive suite, well of course Terry chose the suite,
  the receptionist informed Terry that at one thousand two hundred a night, was
  she sure that she wanted it, Terry giving her an evil contemptuous stare snarled, "yes,
  and I would like two bottle's of Krystal and a large bowl of strawberries to
  be sent up" when the receptionist asked how Terry would settle the bill, Terry
  smiled this time and opened her purse "cash my dear" and handed over fifteen
  hundred pound in new fifty pound notes, "the extra is to cover additional room
  service, I will be having" the receptionist saw the remaining wad of notes
  in Terry's purse and smiled back.  
With the bellboy now holding Terry's bags and key card, Terry and the two
  girls followed the young man to the lift, once in the lift Terry saw in the
  mirrored reflection how good she looked, and how tall she was in the heels,
  she towered over the young man, looking at him, Terry thought he was quite
  handsome although too young for her tastes, Terry started to blow the back
  of his neck, the two hookers found this highly amusing but the lad would not
  react, Terry leant forward and brushed her chest against his back and still
  no reaction, then when Terry was about to grope him the floor bell went, saved
  by the bell thought Terry. There was no other room on this floor, the view
  was stunning, from one side the Thames, the other the lights of the West End.
  Palming the bellboy a fifty quid tip, Terry whispered to him, "there's another
  one of them if you can get me a couple of grams of nose candy" the boy smiled "half
  an hour ok Miss",  
"Wonderful, ok you can go now" and with that the lad left the room with a
  spring in his step, it was his job to make sure a new arrival got exactly what
  they required and he could manage most things. Once alone Terry looked to the
  two girls, ordering Suzie and Joy to run a bath, Terry went to the bedroom
  and unpacked her toys; she felt the black strap on. It was at least three inches
  thick, thicker than any man she had been with, and a good ten inches in length,
  it was not hard but not soft either. On the butt of the dildo was a thick small
  curved stump; Terry could only wait to find out how that little fella would
  feel. It certainly didn't seem half an hour before there was a knock on the
  door, Suzie rushed and answered the door, and it was the bellboy. Terry could
  see in his red face that he had exerted himself to complete this deed, this
  deserved a reward, the lad handed Terry a little bag of coke, "it's top quality
  shit Miss, if you ever need it when your in London, I'm your man"  
"Oh I'm sure you are, now here this is yours" Terry handed the lad another
  hundred and fifty pounds, then looking to Suzie, "I think for that good service
  he deserves a tip, why don't you give him a blow job."  
Suzie just went straight to her knee's in front of him, the lad was still
  in shock at Terry's statement, that he allowed the girl to remove his cock
  and begin her art, Terry just stood there and smiled at him while Suzie was
  bobbing her head up and down, such professionalism, no questions, no qualms
  just straight down to the job. The lad was just grinning, shock had been over
  taken by pleasure, he thought he would of died of embarrassment, but having
  this tall sexual woman staring at him, just kept him captivated. He new that
  Terry was feeding off his pleasure, suddenly his cock pulsed then he started
  to convulsively jerk, his spunk shooting to the back of Suzie's throat. As
  Suzie licked his cock clean, Terry smiled at the lad "was that nice&hellip;.hhmmmm,
  leave your number, I might have more errands that I want running." Terry turned
  on her heel and strode off to the bathroom, her voice echoing as she left the
  room, the lad was to leave but keep his mobile on.  
The bathroom was full of steam, the bath Joy had run was very hot, it took
  Terry five minutes just to get in the bath, but now she was up to her shoulders.
  Joy had put some oil in the bath, Terry's skin shimmered in the soft lighting,
  she felt tiredness setting in, the hot water and the past few days had started
  to catch up, she was on a sexual roller coaster and she had no intention getting
  off. Joy and Suzie entered the bathroom, Joy carrying the silver tray with
  the champagne and Suzie with the strawberries, next to the strawberries, six
  lines had been carved out of the coke the lad had delivered, "oh how thoughtful
  Suzie" as she beckoned the tray nearer, Terry knelt up in the large bath, her
  breasts proud and red, her nipples swollen, Joy rested the tray on the heaving
  breasts and offered Terry a rolled banknote, Terry took two lines one after
  the other, then gestured to Joy and Suzie they should take the other two each. "Right
  first things first, Joy I want you to feed me the strawberries while Suzie
  you are to shave me, there is stubble on my legs and I can't abide stubble." Shifting
  her position to the edge of the large circular bath, she steadied herself with
  a firm grip either side. Joy took one of the large ripe strawberries and offered
  it to Terry's waiting mouth, Terry ate it hungrily, the next one Joy teased
  a little making Terry reach for it with her tongue, this made Terry smile,
  the next one Joy rubbed along her own wet slit, staring at her Joy smiled "Missy
  want this special strawberry," Terry nodded it, as it was slid into her open
  mouth, it had the natural sweetness of the strawberry as well as a musky twang.  
Suzie had prepared the shaving soap, lathering Terry's right leg, which she
  held out of the water; Suzie quickly removed all the stubble and then repeated
  the process on the left, "Missy sit on edge of bath please?" Terry new what
  was coming next, with Joy helping her up, Terry sat on the edge of the bath,
  resting one heel on one side and the other down on the floor, spreading her
  thighs wide open waiting to receive Joy's attention. Joy lathered up Terry's
  pussy with the shaving foam, then started with the razor, gently scraping the
  skin leaving a child like smoothness, Joy's face was a like an artist at work,
  pulling Terry's labia together then apart so she make sure she got everywhere,
  just leaving a small diamond patch above Terry's clit hood, "Missy turn over
  and put hands on side of bath please!" it was more of an order than a request
  but Terry would of complied either way, this was a life which if finances would
  allow she could get very used to. Leaving her feet about two feet apart Terry
  bent forward at the waist, showing off how supple she was and to assist, placing
  her palms on the edge of the bath, Joy asked for some assistance form Suzie
  in their native tongue, Suzie gently opened up Terry's ass cheeks, so Joy could
  finish the job, removing a couple of wispy blond hairs, but this time she was
  using tweezers, the sudden pain made Terry startle, going up on tip toes to
  try and pull away was met by a sharp slap on the ass, "Missy be still, me nearly
  finished, then me make you happy Missy", Terry smiled to her self giving Joy
  a playful wiggle of her ass, indicating for her to go on, whilst Joy finished
  Suzie fetched one of the sex toys from the bedroom. Suzie took some oil and
  started to oil Terry's raw pussy, she could feel her arms starting to sag,
  squirming as she felt Suzie's fingers enter her cunt, rubbing the oil over
  the freshly shaved area then delving back into her cunt, three fingers then
  four, then with a gentle push the whole of Suzie's hand was eaten by Terry's
  cunt, groaning Terry's legs started to buckle but Joy saw this and supported
  Terry so she wouldn't fall, feeling Suzie's hand come out, Terry pushed back
  only to feel four fingers go back in and the thumb enter has ass, this sensation
  was too much Terry groaned out loud feeling waves come over her, her thighs
  trembling, then a new sensation, Suzie was feeding the anal beads into Terry's
  ass, five of them popped in just leaving the little chrome chain hanging out.
  Joy stood Terry up and led her naked out into the living area, opening the
  balcony doors Terry was led out into the warm summer night air. At fifteen
  floors up it was surprisingly warm and the city was still so alive below, it
  was now one thirty in the morning yet it seemed the city never slept. Standing  on
  a balcony fifteen floors up naked looking over London, with two Philippine
  hookers, now that was strange. Joy crouched with her back against the railings
  and pulled Terry closer, bringing Terry's cunt to her face, tongue coming out
  to meet, the tongue found home straight away, flicking open Terry's wet lips,
  looking for her clit, Suzie was behind caressing Terry's ass cheeks gently
  teasing the chain, then without warning slapped Terry's ass and pulled the
  chain, Terry buckled with the pop as the ball came out. Joys tongue worked
  furiously at Terry's clit when another slap reigned down, and another ball
  popped out, god could she last, Joy was now reaching up massaging Terry's breasts,
  as Joy sensed the next slap she tweaked Terry's nipples hard, the slap came,
  then the third and fourth ball popped out of Terry's ass, Terry's orgasm had
  started and the two hookers new it, the slaps to each cheek where fast and
  the tongue on Terry's clit was working as hard as it could, the hands on the
  breasts where working in rhythm, tweaking and massaging. Terry screamed in
  the early morning air, the final ball popped from her ass. Terry collapsed
  where she stood, her cunt oozing from its excitement, her anus tender but still
  sensitive. The two girls gently lifted Terry and guided her through to the
  bedroom laying her on the huge sumptuous bed, pulling the duvet back they got
  in either side of Terry cuddling up to her.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gary uk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





