BDSM Library - Ultimate Sacrifice




Ultimate Sacrifice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is forced to make the greatest sacrifice.
Ultimate Sacrifice


TAC knew the day and time of her death.

Her world had collapsed just after the funeral, her lover and husband, and the
father of their only child had died suddenly. He'd set off for the office, but
some drunk driver trying to get home had side swiped his car, causing it to
crash and take him from her.

The day after he'd been laid to rest, she'd opened the door to find a large
gentleman, in an expensive business suit. He introduced himself as Mr Jordan,
her late husbands manager.

She invited him in, and was surprised when he grabbed her by the back of the
neck, and marched her into her living room. He roughly pressed her onto the sofa
and took a step back. She opened her mouth to shout, but his reactions were
quicker. His open hand slapped the shout out of her.

With wide eyes she saw two more mend enter the house before shutting the door.
In their hands were two large holdalls.

"Well Mrs Caine, or would you prefer Tracy?" He started. She mumbled, almost by
rote that everyone called her TAC - Tracy Anne Caine. He grinned at that, and
settled himself into the chair opposite.

He started to explain that he husband had swindled large sums from his accounts,
and had been ignoring his requests to return the money. "You bastard" TAC
screamed, "You had him killed"

Why would I do something that stupid? He hasn't settled his debts, and now with
him dying like that he never will. However, and she chilled at the way he said
it, my associates and I have came up with a way you can repay those debts of
his.

What do you want? You can have everything in our accounts, all of it! She
offered, but he just shook his head, there's not enough there. It seems that
your perfect husband had some expensive tastes, tastes we were lucky enough to
tape.

He motioned to one of the guys, and his slid a tape into the machine, starting
it off. Her eyes opened in shock as she recognised her loving husband in some
sort of bondage gear being whipped by a statuesque redhead.

She shook her head, trying to remove the image from her mind. This was a side of
him that she'd never known about, and she wondered just what other secrets he'd
kept.

Well TAC, may I call you TAC? He continued, my syndicate have decided that an
example needs to be made, to encourage the others, you know? And luckily for us,
your name came up.

He motioned, and another tape was put into the VCR. It started, and she couldn't
believe her eyes. On it was a threesome, the woman was sandwiched face up
between two masked guys, their large cocks buried deep in her ass and pussy. Her
make up had ran, leaving dark streaks down her face, her eyes were wide open in
fear. Although it was extreme it wasn't anything that she hadn't actually seen
before.

What shocked and chilled her to the core however, was what happened next. The
man who was savagely taking her cunt, reached down and produced the largest
dildo she'd ever seen It must have been a foot or more long, and impossible
wide. Instead of being smooth, it was covered with not so tiny little bumps.

He grabbed her widely shaking head, digging his fingers into her cheeks, forcing
her mouth open. With his other hand he started to force the dildo into her
mouth. Her lips were stretched around its girth, struggling to take it. Instead
of stopping as she hoped, he continued to force the dildo into her mouth. As
more and more was forced in, her eyes widened in fear and pain, she could see
her throat struggling to swallow it. She saw that poor woman's throat bulge as
the intruder slid further down.

She realised that she could no longer hear the girl breathing; the monstrous
cock was choking her! TAC found herself crying at the woman's predicament,
expecting, hoping that it would soon be removed.

They didn't, instead they continued to fuck her ass and cunt, slamming into her,
even as her face turned red, and her body started to buck and thrash. She saw
her bladder let go, but even that didn't put them off. Instead they were
talking, comparing just how hard they were being gripped by the woman's spasming
body.

After what seemed like an eternity she finally went lip, collapsing across the
men.

Now TAC he said, bring her back to the moment, you have a choice. You see there
is a specialist market for this sort of material, a very lucrative market
indeed, and fresh material is so very hard to come by.

Understand this, my dear, there's no way you're going to come out of this alive,
best to get this straight from the start, I think. However, it can be just you,
or if you refuse, we can switch to our alternate volunteer.

"Who?" she mumbled, not at all surprised to hear that her daughter Sue would be
chosen instead. We'll make you watch, and when it's all over, we'll do you as
well, a sort of mother daughter special, if you catch my drift.

Her mind was racing, thoughts spinning in place as she tried to assimilate these
new horrible facts. But looking at their faces she knew that there was going to
be only one answer she could give. She had to protect her daughter from this
fate.

Squaring her shoulders, she took a deep breath, and accepted her fate "I'll do
it"

"That's a good girl" he smiled back at her, "however we've a specific script in
mind, and I'm afraid that your daughter will be taking a small role"

He motioned to the other guy, and he opened up his holdall, producing with a
sick grin, the most evil strap-on she'd ever seen or heard about. It was
slightly larger than the one in the video, ribbed as well as studded. He threw
it to her, and she caught it automatically.

It felt heavy in her hands, the weight seemed drag her arms downwards. "Now
dear" he said, strip and put it on.

She knew what he wanted, what he was going to make her do, but surely it was
better this than the fate she'd been shown on the tape.

Wordlessly she stripped, and stepped into the harness. She looked down at the
obscene object that was sticking out of her groin, pressing hard against her
pussy. She jumped like a scalded cat when the base started to vibrate, sending
shocking tingles though her pussy. "Well we want you to enjoy as mush of it as
you can" was his only answer to her unspoken question.

Now TAC, you go wait in the kitchen, and when your daughter returns, you're
going to wait 'til she gets into the living room. We'll be hidden, don't worry
about us. You're going to come out, and tell her just how horny you've been
since the accident, and though you know its wrong, you've been having lustful
thoughts about her. You're then going to rape her, and I want it to be rape, not
some sort of loving cuddle, you understand! I don't care whether you use her
cunt or ass, but you've got to fuck her solidly for at least ten minutes, it
that clear?

With that, they moved and hid themselves around her house, video cameras in
hand.

She waited, torn by what they wanted of her, but she kept telling herself that
no matter how bad this betrayal might be, it would be better than the fate that
awaited her.

She wished that her daughter would stay out, be hit by a car, never come home,
but unfortunately she finally heard the key in the door.

"Mom! I'm home!" Sue eagerly shouted, as she moved further into the house. TAC
knew what she must do, and even though she could feel the tears welling in the
corner of her eyes, she marched from the kitchen, the obscene thing waving in
front of her.

Sue's greeting died on her lips as she stood there, the sight of her Mom naked,
this huge thing sticking out of her made her pause, uncertain what was
happening. Remembering his words, TAC started out by saying "Oh baby, there you
are!" "I've been waiting forever for you to get back"

Sue was still unsure about what was happening as her mother approached. She'd
been out with a few boys, by now, after all who hadn't, but she'd never gone
further than a bit of petting.

She heard her Mom telling her how pretty she was, how adorable she looked, all
the while stepping closer and closer. Sue started to back away, to put some
distance between her and her strange acting Mom.

Her Mom surprised her by taking two quick steps and taking her by the arms, "Oh
baby" she crooned, you don't know how long I've been wanting to do this, how
many nights I've lain awake thinking of your sweet young body.

"Mother" Sue cried, starting to get scared by what was happening. Sue hated
every moment of this, but she knew that she'd better put on a show for those
sickos, she knew what they had planned if she didn't do exactly as they said.

Not trusting herself to say more, she turned Sue around, and thrust her over the
back of a chair. With one hand, she lifted her daughter's short skirt, pushing
it over her hips. She held her down with one hand, whilst he other took a grip
on her panties, and with a sharp tug, she managed to rip them off.

TAC was aware of one of the men standing behind her, angling to bet the best
shot when she took her daughter.

Sue was struggling, trying to get up, crying out for help, pleading with her Mom
to stop, but she knew that she couldn't. She manoeuvred the tip of that huge
thing against her daughter's pussy.

Taking a deep breathe, and with a silent prayer, she thrust, taking it as slow
as she could get away with, trying to make it as least painful as she could. She
struggles to fight back her tears as she listened to Sue's cries of pain. The
dildo was stretching, opening her like she'd never been before. 

With a shock, TAC realised that Sue's as yet unbroken hymen was stopping the
dildo. Biting back her feelings she thrust harder, being rewarded when she felt
her daughter give, suddenly it continued it's journey up her never used pussy.

Sue was crying, the tears dripping off her cheeks as her Mom thrust in and out
of her pussy, the huge dildo was tearing her, the ridges and bumps were savagely
using her pussy, ripping at her silk smooth walls.

TAC kept up her thrusts, her mind reeling at the sight of the dildo thrusting in
and out of her daughter, there was blood dripping from Sue's cunt from her torn
hymen, and from whatever the thing was doing to her. She was aghast as she felt
the faint stirrings of passion in her loins, the vibrations from the base,
pressing against her clit, were somehow combining with the image of her helpless
daughter, combining to make her feel horny.

TAC was relieved when her daughter passed out from the pain of her fucking, her
limp body slumping over the chair back. She continued to fuck her unresponsive
body though, as she hadn't been told that the time was up.

After an eternity of abuse a tap on her shoulder stopped her. She quickly
stepped back, removing the monstrous thing from her daughter's once virgin
pussy. She cried when she saw the blood still trickling down her thighs, her
pussy gaping, a deep dark hole right into Sue's middle. As she watched there was
no sign of it closing, and she prayed that the damage she'd done wasn't
irreversible.

They left Sue there, good to their word. Helping hands removed the strap-on from
her body, before turning her round. She was ready for this, in fact she was
surprised to find that she actually looked forward to the end now, at least
she'd be spared the accusing look in her daughters eyes every time she saw her.

She gratefully knelt over the first man, holding her pussy open so that she
could slide more easily onto his cock. It didn't feel too big, for which she was
grateful. The other knelt behind her, and again she tried to help, she wanted
this over as soon as possible, so she pulled her ass cheeks apart, exposing her
rosebud to him.

He didn't use any lubrication, and the pain as she felt her ass tear; she felt
was only her just due. The blood helped him slid deeper into her, filling her
ass, stretching her as she was filled completely.

She rocked herself back and forward, riding them, wanting to make it as good as
possible, to hurry them to the finish. She was crying freely now, her mind
tortured with the image of her daughters' torn and bleeding body.

When he held the dildo to her mouth, she took it from his hand, surprising him.
She arched her back, straightening her head so that she was looking at the
ceiling. She opened her mouth, accepting her fate.

As she pressed the blood-covered dildo into her own mouth, she mentally cried
out for forgiveness, those damn men had covered it sharp little protrusions. The
fresh knowledge of the damage she'd been forced to inflict on her own daughter
hardened her mind.

Swallowing painfully, the ridges and spikes digging into her throat, she forced
it down. She felt her breathing being hampered, then blocked, still she didn't
stop, she kept pressing, swallowing, wanting it to happen to her.

She could see him filming her, though he was blurry through her tear-streaked
vision. She could feel her body struggling for breath, but she forced herself to
keep pushing the instrument of her daughters' destruction into her throat,
almost unaware of the two cocks fucking her.

She could feel her body heaving, desperate for air, her muscles spasming, giving
her two tormenters the best ride of their lives, but she now longer cared, she
just wanted over. She couldn't live with what she'd done, and at least by giving
them a good show, they'd hopefully leave her broken daughter alone.

She was just about aware of the feel of hot cum splashing into her holes as she
tried to articulate her desire for forgiveness, that was the last thing she
felt.



Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





