BDSM Library - Modern Maid




Modern Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Poor Jasmine, she answered the WRONG ad.  Read as she learns how to become the perfect domestic servant.
Modern Maid

Chapter 1: No Way!

The add read, "Required: live in maid for a variety of domestic duties, call
555-1234"

Jasmine thought she could land this job; she was getting desperate ever since
flunking out of college. She seemed unable to hold down any job for more than a
couple of months until she got fired or laid off. She just couldn't handle any
pressure or responsibility, but a maid, now she could handle that, make beds,
cook meals, clean rooms, sounded like a piece of cake. And she had her looks
going for her, she was still a young looking 22 years old, blonde, nicely built
figure with 34c breasts, she had always been proud of her body and knew it gave
her power over the men she dated.

She called the number that afternoon from her studio apartment.

"Yes." a strong woman's voice answered the call.

"umm...I'm calling about the advertisement for a maid." She said tentatively.

"Speak up young lady." demanded the other woman.

"I'm calling about the maid position." Jasmine answered automatically.

"We have an interview time available in 20 minutes; can you make it to the
corner of Bronson and Wittiker?"

"Yes." answered Jasmine.

"That's yes Ma'am girl." The woman on the other end of the phone sounded quite
stern.

Jasmine needed the job badly so she answered, "Yes ma'am"

"That's better, I expect you promptly at 2:20, we are in the penthouse suites."

Jasmine answered automatically, "Yes Ma'am." But there was just a dial tone on
the other end of the line.

She hurried downtown and made it to the building with a few minutes to spare,
she had only enough time to brush up her makeup and none to change her clothes,
but she thought she would be all right; she was wearing nice slacks and blouse.

There was a doorman who stopped her from entering, she said she was here to
apply for the maid position in the penthouse, he didn't let her proceed until he
called someone on his phone, once he was satisfied he let her into the building.
Inside it was plush, like a hotel lobby, Jasmine made her way up to the
penthouse.

Upon reaching the correct floor stepped out of the elevator and knocked on the
only door in the short hallway. It was answered by a young woman dressed in a
maid's outfit. It looked like a parody of a maid's outfit. The skirt poofed out
almost horizontal and its length didn't cover the young blondes ass, her tight
butt was covered in a frilly pair of white panties. The top pushed the girl's
breasts up, Jasmine could just see the upper half circles of the maid's areolas,
the nipples were almost escaping over the white fringe.

She was shocked and unable to say anything. There was no way she would wear
anything that revealing. She almost turned to leave but the blond smiled.

"The Mistress is waiting for you, please come in." Jasmine found herself inside
with the door closed behind her. She felt uncomfortable.

"Umm, I don't think..." she began but the maid ignored her.

"Please follow me." She led the apprehensive girl through the marble foyer into
an adjoining office. Jasmine was staring at the girls butt, how could someone
parade around in that getup, what a slut.

The office was a spectacular room with vaulted ceilings lined with bookshelves,
there sere two chairs facing a desk. Behind the desk sat an elegantly clad
woman, in a perfect business suit. With her green eyes and brunette hair, made
her look like a powerful, modern woman. Confident in her dominance. She ignored
the maid and Jasmine as they entered, just continued to read the file spread out
in front of her.

The maid and Jasmine just stood in the center of the room for several minutes
until the woman behind the desk finally looked up from what she was reading.

"Thank you Patricia, you may leave us." The blond turned and left Jasmine
standing in the center of the room.

"Your duties here will be varied. I expect obedience at all times and any
disregard for the household rules will be punished severely."

Jasmine was in shock, she hadn't agreed to work here at all yet, and this woman
was already treating her like she was one of her servants. She still hadn't
asked her to sit down.

"You will need to get measured for a uniform immediately if you are going to
start tomorrow."

"Umm, Miss, I don't think I want..." she trailed off as the woman behind the
desk focused on her with a withering gaze.

"You will address me as Mistress or Mistress Bradley, do you understand?"

"Yes mistress." answered Jasmine, as she thought 'this is crazy, I'm not working
for this psycho'.

Mistress Bradley ignored her again, hit an intercom button and spoke, "Carol
will you please come in here, I need a new girl measured."

"Yes Ma'am." Jasmine heard answer from the speaker.

In walked another professionally dressed woman wearing wire rimmed glasses; she
had her blond hair put up in a very businesslike manner. Mistress Bradley
introduced her.

"This is my personal assistant Carol, next to my brother and I, you will obey
her in all things."

"Mistress," began Jasmine, "I'm not sure..."

"Do not speak unless spoken to." Said Mistress Bradley sternly, Jasmine opened
her mouth but closed it again mutely; she was intimidated by this woman. She
would just go through the motions today but there was no way she was going to
work for this freak. Mistress Bradley turned to Carol and told her to measure
Jasmine for a new maids uniform.

Jasmine stood still, dumbstruck, as Carol pulled out a tailor's tape measure and
took her measurements, quickly and efficiently. Before Jasmine could react,
Carol was done.

"Thank you Carol, please take Miss Jasmine here and gather the correct employee
information."

Carol walked out of the room into a side office; she didn't wait for Jasmine to
follow her. Jasmine glanced at Mistress Bradley, who was completely ignoring the
girl again. She followed Carol out of the room.

Carol led Jasmine into a plain office. She sat down behind the desk; there were
no other chairs in the room.

"I will need all your personal information to get you into our employee
database." She entered all the information that Jasmine gave her into a
computer.

Jasmine thought it odd that they needed to know her next of kin, her marriage
situation, and her sexual preference, but she answered all the questions, just
wanting to get the whole experience over with.

After about twenty minutes Carol stood walked Jasmine to the front door. She
said a business like "See you tomorrow." And closed the door behind the dazed
girl.

Jasmine rode down the elevator shaking her head; there was no way in hell she
was going to go back to that psycho place. No Way!

---------------

Jasmine woke up in her little apartment to someone banging on her front door.
She got up still in her flannel pj bottoms and little white tank top and went to
the front door.

As soon as she opened it Carol, Mistress Bradley's personal assistant, walked
through the door, followed by several strong men with clipboards. Jasmine was
stunned, what was going on.

"Why aren't you ready to go?!" asked Carol sternly.

Jasmine stuttered out an, "well I didn't..." But Carol interrupted her.

"No time for that girl, come on we need to get you dressed and to the tailor,
the Bradley's will not be pleased if we are late to our appointment." With that
she grabbed the stunned girl's wrist and dragged her back to her bedroom.

Jasmine wanted to know what the strange men were doing in her living room, but
before she could ask, Carol grabbed the hem of her pj's and whipped her pajama
bottoms off, causing Jasmine to trip and fall onto her bed and exposing her
panty clad rear to the business suit clad woman.

"those will never do." Said Carol as she pulled the pajama bottoms completely
off the stunned girl.

Jasmine rolled over just in time to have Carol grab the hem of her panties and
pull them off also. Tearing them in the process, Jasmine was scared now. she was
only wearing a flimsy almost see through tank top, this woman had just stripped
her, what was going on.

Jasmine was stunned and humiliated, but, caught like a deer in headlights she
didn't do anything, not even covering herself from the other woman's gaze.

"We need to get you dressed and out of here as fast as we can, but that
underwear was just atrocious." Carol rifled through the girls drawer and found
her only pair of sexy underwear, and threw them at the girl, "throw these on
girl, we need to get a move on."

Jasmine was happy to have a pair of underwear to put on of any sort. She noticed
it was her red g-string, but pulled them up her legs quickly as a pair of jeans
hit her in the face.

"And those." Said Carol.

Jasmine pulled them up right after the panties. Carol slid a sandal on both feet
before Jasmine had her zipper zipped and she grabbed the girls wrist again,
stood her up and dragged her out of the room.

Jasmine was still wearing her near sheer tank top as Carol dragged her out of
her apartment and into the elevator. The girl didn't even get a chance to ask
Carol what was going on.

They got down to the parking garage and a limo was waiting for them. Carol
pushed her into the back seat and the car sped away from the curb.

Once under way, Jasmine started to protest, but Carol put her hand up in a
motion for silence while placing a call on her cell phone, completely ignoring
the girl. Jasmine fell silent, sat quietly on one side of the car, thinking how
had this happened, she was going to end this as soon as she could, that was for
sure.

Carol was talking to someone on the other line.

"Yes ma'am, she's here."

Carol turned to look at Jasmine, "A flimsy tank top and jeans."

"yes ma'am." The person on the other end talked for awhile, Carol smiled a bit.

"yes ma'am." Then she hung up and sat back in the seat. Jasmine looked at her as
she sat quietly smiling slightly.

"Who was that?" asked Jasmine.

"Your Mistress, she invited us to have lunch with her and Mr. Bradley."

"She is not MY mistress, and I am not going to lunch with you," Jasmine had had
enough she slid off the back seat and went forward in the limo, intent on
telling the driver to stop.

She never made it. Carol jumped on her forcing the young woman to the floor,
grabbing her wrists and pulling them behind her. Jasmine found herself pinned to
the floor with her face ground into the carpet.

Carol leaned in close to the girl's ear, "Listen Bitch! I don't have time to
FUCK around, I've got to get you through the tailor's in an hour and then
downtown to lunch with the Bradley's" She twisted Jasmine's arm painfully behind
her back, Jasmine squeaked in pain.

"Do I make myself clear?" Jasmine didn't answer; she was in pain and started to
cry.

"Do I make myself clear CUNT!?" Carol yelled into the girl's ear.

Jasmine nodded weakly.

Carol kneeled on Jasmines back, letting go of the girl's wrists. "Good, you must
learn your place, and your place is BELOW me. You are at the bottom, and a
bottom you shall be." She got off the girl and sat back in the back seat.

She picked up her phone and dialed again, ignoring the crying Jasmine as she
pulled herself back up into the front seat facing Carol, wiping tears from her
eyes between quiet sobs.

---------------

Jasmine was practically dragged out of the elevator by the stronger woman. She
was led into the specialty story. It had a simple sign on the door and no other
indications of what was there. It read "Jameson, Specialty Tailor". Inside they
went.

Jasmine was too shell shocked to put up any fight, her arm still hurt from where
Carol had twisted it.

She became frightened by what she saw inside. Hanging from the walls was a wide
display of clothing and...things that were not quite clothing. Some were of
leather, some latex, some even of metal. She had trouble identifying what some
of the articles were exactly, but it was clear what their intent was; bondage.
What had she gotten herself into, she had to get away.

She struggled against the grip of the stronger woman, but Carol turned on her,
twisted her wrist and forced the girl into a kneeling position. Just then a
conservatively dressed man stepped out from behind the curtain that led to the
backroom. He was impeccably dressed in a three piece suit. Black jacket and
pants with a gray vest.

He ignored Jasmine, and approached Carol.

"Ah Miss Carol, glad you are finally here," he glanced at his watch, "I see you
are a few minutes late, no need to pass that along now is there?"

"No Mr. Jameson, I certainly wouldn't want to do anything to upset the
Bradley's, the important thing is that I am here with the new girl."

"Why yes, it is." Now he looked down at Jasmine, "Being a little uncooperative
now is she?"

"Yes she is, it seems she is not too excited for her fitting this morning."
Carol gritted her teeth and yanked on Jasmine's arm, making the girl squeal in
pain.

"No matter, no matter," said Mr. Jameson the tailor. "We have her outfits
completely done. Marie?" he finished by calling towards the back of the store.

A woman came out dressed in a similar suit as Mr. Jameson, only with a slightly
feminine cut to it. She was a tall brunette.

"Yes sir!"

"The new Bradley girl is here ready for her fitting."

"Ahh very good I will bring the rack out promptly." with that Marie disappeared
heading in back.

Jasmine saw stars as her arm was twisted painfully by the strong brunette. Carol
grabbed the back of the flimsy tank top and ripped it down the back, tearing it
off the startled girl's body. Jasmine screamed as she was exposed in front of
the "tailor". Carol reached around the girl's torso and started unbuttoning
Jasmine's jeans, Jasmine cried out and reached down with her free hand to stop
the stripping.

Carol pulled up on the arm again mercilessly.

"DON'T!" Jasmine stopped her struggles, her arm felt like it was going to break.

Carol unbuttoned Jasmines pants and pulled them down to her knees just as Marie
came back in with a clothes rack of outfits. Carol pushed Jasmine down on her
stomach let go of the arm and yanked the Jasmine's jeans off.

After that she stood up.

"Now, without anymore disturbances, maybe we can get this bitch dressed."

During this whole escapade Mr. Jameson and his assistant Marie had stood by
calmly waiting. Now Mr. Jameson spoke to Jasmine in a direct manner.

"Underwear too please Miss."

Jasmine slowly got to her feet and looked around at the three other people in
the room. Carol was scowling at her, Mr. Jameson was standing nearby with a
bored expression and his assistant Marie was smiling slightly.

"This isn't right..." she began, but she hooked her fingers in the side of her
little g-string and pulled them down. She was now naked in front of the three
others.

"Good decision," said Carol, "you wouldn't have liked how I took them off you."
Carol turned to Mr. Jameson, "I have to run an errand for Mr. Bradley, I shall
return in 30 minutes, have her dressed and ready to leave."

"Of course Miss Carol, I shall see to it." Said Mr. Jameson as he led Carol to
the door.

Mr. Jameson turned once Carol had left, looked Jasmine up and down, drinking in
her nakedness.

"Come Marie, we have work to do," he said with a clap of his hands.

Mr. Jameson started walking a slow circle around Jasmine as Marie came forward
with a set of white lacy panties and matching bra. She had the naked woman step
into the panties and she pulled them up. "How do they fit" Marie asked as she
cupped Jasmine's pussy. Jasmine jumped at the unwanted advance, but she was so
disoriented she didn't move from her position in the center of the room.

"Excellent." said Mr. Jameson as he continued to circle Jasmine. Jasmine found
herself turning and trying to follow him as he slowly walked around her,
observing the dressing.

Suddenly Jasmine felt some hands around her middle and a hand fitting itself
over each breast.

"You have very nice breasts Jasmine." Said Marie as she cupped them. Jasmine was
like a deer in headlights, so much had happened today, she didn't know what to
do. She thought for sure if she tried to get away these people would do
something bad to her.

"Yes, I can see what you are thinking," said Mr. Jameson, almost reading her
mind. "I see you are thinking of running, or some other foolish action." He
walked up close, to stand in front of Jasmine. Marie pressing against her from
behind, gripped Jasmine's breasts tighter, digging her fingernails into the soft
tissue. Jasmine started to cry in earnest now, sobbing in pain and fear. "Rest
assured Miss, we would still accomplish our task, but you would be in pain. It
would be delicious entertainment to enliven our otherwise boring day." He stood
close to her for a few seconds as Jasmine's will deserted her.

"Good," he backed away again. "Now we may continue."

Marie eased her grip on the girl's breasts and slid them into the bra cups. And
attached the bra behind her, "Arms in please."

Jasmine obeyed.

Mr. Jameson started his slow walk around Jasmine again.

Marie went back to the rack and got a black skirt. She draped it around
Jasmine's waist, it came down several inches below her ass, hiding it from
prying eyes but showing off her entire shapely leg. A nice lightweight blouse
followed. Jasmine followed directions and allowed herself to be dressed, she was
almost hyperventilating, but didn't know what to do.

Mr. Jameson kept his slow evaluation of Jasmine, she felt just as naked with
clothes on as without from his piercing, weighing gaze.

"Is that it Marie," He asked as his assistant slid a pair of high heels on
Jasmine's feet.

"Everything except the arm restraint, hood and ball gag." Jasmine's eyes grew
wide in fear as the two tailor's started laughing.

"Ha ha, no dear, I'll leave that to the Bradley's. Now let's see as for the
matter of the bill that will be $1200.00. Will that be credit or debit?" Said
Mr. Jameson.

"What?" said a freaked out Jasmine, "I don't have any money with me, my
purse..." she didn't know where her purse was, how had this happened, she just
needed to get out of here and back home.

"No money? How do you expect to pay for your wardrobe?" Said Marie.

Both Marie and Mr. Jameson smiled at each other.

"We can't have you going to the Bradley's dressed in the crap you came in with.
It just won't be proper. They would be most displeased and we don't want to
displease them."

Jasmine looked around as now both Marie and Mr. Jameson were circling her now.

"No it most certainly will not do," repeated Marie.

"How are we going to solve this predicament you are in girl? How are you going
to pay for this?" Still the circling, Jasmine was getting dizzy, her head was
spinning she was nearly crying and didn't know what to do.

Marie chimed in, "If she doesn't have any money maybe there are alternative
means of payment she could do?"

"What like wash the dishes?" Mr. Jameson chuckled.

Still they circled the terrified girl.

"Well we don't have any dishes," answered Marie.

"hmmm...What is she good for then?"

"Well we can assume the Bradley's will make full use of her services, why
shouldn't we," said the smiling Marie.

"Are you suggesting some sort of SEXUAL payment?" said Mr. Jameson in mock
surprise.

Jasmine was shaking her head in disbelief, the tailor's were casually discussing
raping her, and she was too frightened to do anything.

"In a word, Yes," answered Marie.

"Well we'd have to be quick, Miss Carol will be back soon."

And with that they stopped circling.

Marie stood in front of Jasmine.

"Quick." answered Marie as she licked her lips.

Ziiiip, Jasmine heard a zipper open behind her and she spun around. She saw Mr.
Jameson pull his cock out of his pants, it hung in front of him a good seven
inches. She backed away instinctively and bumped into Marie's waiting arms.

Jasmine bolted for the door, Marie kicked Jasmine's legs out from underneath her
and the girl fell sprawling on her stomach to the floor.

Ziiiip, Marie unzipped her pants and let them fall completely off. She was naked
underneath revealing a smoothly shaven pussy.

"Quick," said Mr. Jameson, and with that he knelt down upon Jasmine's legs as
she started to crawl away. Marie walked around in front of the girl and sat down
in front of her face. Mr. Jameson lifted Jasmine's skirt and pulled her frilly
panties down to mid thigh, just far enough to expose the girl's crotch.

Jasmine looked up directly into the smooth skin of Marie's pussy as the female
tailor grabbed Jasmine's hair and skooched her pussy into Jasmine's face. Before
Jasmine could react Marie had her pussy jammed against the helpless girl's
mouth.

"Stick your tongue out, my pussy won't bite." Said Marie through a gritted

teeth smile. "Stick your tongue in my pussy, BITCH, or I WILL HAVE to become
more forceful!"

Jasmine stuck her tongue out and started to lick her first pussy as she felt Mr.
Jameson's cock probing her crotch, looking for an opening. He gripped her ass
cheeks and spread them apart finally locating her cunt. He pressed against her
and popped his cockhead inside her dry vagina. Jasmine squealed, Marie pulled
her head tight against her quim and stifled the protest as Mr. Jameson pressed
in deeper.

"Quickly." He said.

"Quick," answered Marie. "Come on bitch suck me." Jasmine started to do as she
was told and lick Marie's pussy, sticking her tongue inside the other woman's
vagina. Licking up and down the slit. She felt Mr. Jameson's cock slide deeper
inside her cunt, she mewled as she was forced to satisfy the two tailors.

"Oh yeah, quick it is!" said Marie, "Come on girl, right there, flick your
tongue!"

Jasmine did as she was told and worked on the other woman's clit, flicking her
tongue up and down on it. She went into a zone, it was like she was watching
someone else get fucked.

Mr. Jameson started to saw in and out of her cunt, Jasmine felt her pussy start
to lubricate under his thrusts, once there was some moistness he picked up the
pace. Driving into the girl, pushing her mouth against his assistant's cunt with
each thrust. Jasmine became little more than a big fuck toy bounced between the
two.

"Oh YEAH! QUICK BITCH QUICK!" Shouted Mr. Jameson. "I'm gonna cum!"

"ME TOO!" Shouted Marie.

"ARGH, AHHHH!" and with that Mr. Jameson thrust all the way and held it as both
Marie and he twitched against the helpless Jasmine as she was used. Jasmine felt
Mr. Jameson spurt his semen deep inside her vagina. She tasted Marie's cunt
juice as she climaxed too. The two tailors sated themselves upon her. Twiching,
and then slowly relaxing against her and within her respectively.

"God that was great, huh Marie?"

"Why yes it was Mr. Jameson, and quick."

"Indeed," he said as he pulled out of Jasmine with a pop. He stood and zipped up
and walked over to the register.

Marie stood up above the now sobbing Jasmine and retrieved her pants, quickly
pulling them up and fixing her suit. She reached down and grabbed Jasmine under
one arm and dragged her up to her feet. Jasmine swayed in place as Marie reached
under Jasmine's skirt and fixed her panties, Mr. Jameson's cum started to
dribble out of Jasmine's cunt and leave a wet spot on her underwear.

Just then Carol came back in.

"Nicely timed Miss Carol, as you can see Marie is just now finishing up fitting
the girl," said Mr. Jameson as he smiled innocently.

"Thank you Mr. Jameson, you may bill us your usual rate, she looks exquisite and
ready to serve her new Mistress and Master. Send the rest of her wardrobe over
to the penthouse please."

"Of course."

Jasmine started to protest but Carol just grabbed her wrist and dragged her out
of the shop as Marie held the door.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Annie the Slick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





