BDSM Library - Correction Clinic




Correction Clinic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Caught masturbating at his companies clinic, Suzi is sent to correction clinic.
CORRECTION CLINIC
By Sissy Suzi


Chapter 1: Reporting As Ordered

I arrive at the Correction Clinic as ordered by my company's physician for
"corrective therapy". I'm 45 years old, single, and totally ashamed to have been
sent here. Either show up here for evaluation or my behavior would be reported
to my boss and possibly the police. There really was no choice on my part as I
was caught with my pants down, literally. It all started with a routine
cholesterol check at the company's family clinic. This office was located across
town in an industrial area. It seemed an unlikely location for a clinic but I
just wanted to get this over with.

In the waiting room are a mother of about 40 and her two daughters, maybe
18[MDS1] and 19. Also two single women in their mid to late 20's. They all eye
my closely as I approach the check in counter causing me to become quite
self-conscience. The women are very attractive but giving me stern looks. The
girls are grinning and giggling and whispering to each other. Looking me right
in the eye, younger one opens her legs wide, flashing her white cotton panties.
My eyes are drawn is if by a magnet to the gusset as her legs  open and closed. 
Instantly, my face burns red, eyes open wide in surprise. A fresh bout of
giggling and whispers cause me to tear my eyes away and hurry to the counter.
I'm starting to feel a little disoriented, almost like being in a dream.  Hot,
dazed and confused but totally aware. An out of body like feeling. The all too
familiar tingle of arousal starts in the pit of my stomach. It could overwhelm
me, much too easily, I knew. "Not now, not here, please," I think. Slutty,
submissive, sexual feelings that I seemed to have no control over. My heart is
pounding, ears ringing.

Blushing, and with eyes down, I mumble to the receptionist/nurse that I am
reporting as ordered by my company's doctor. "O-h-h-h," escapes my trembling
mouth. She is wearing a thin white uniform with the top 3 buttons undone. I
can't help but stare at her obviously braless pert small breasts and hard
pointed nipples. Maybe 30 and Asian, she has very short black hair and is quite
attractive in an exotic butch kind of [MDS2]way. Beautiful actually. I have
always had a particular weakness for Asian women. Bronzed skin, so smooth and
fine. Almond, dark eyes. Silver three inch hoop earrings in the small, delicate
earlobes. As I look up into her eyes, she is staring right at my face with a
disgusted look.  

"Speak up, you pervert," she says loudly so all in the waiting room can hear. I
quickly look around to see the women and girls watching and laughing to
themselves. Even more blood, if that's possible, rushes to my head and face, and
return my eyes to the nurse's chest.  

"Speak up, boy, and look me in the eye, not at my chest. Why are you here?"  

There is a wicked grin on her face as I tell her, "My company doctor sent me.
She said I needed some correction and this was the place to get it." 

 "Correction for what, you little wimp? Quit wasting mine and these other
patients time." With that she stands and slaps my face. "What correction do you
need?" She slaps me again on the other cheek. My face is hot with shame and I'm
seeing stars. "Oh no, please, no," I think as the humiliation I dread, yet
deeply crave, begins to take control of my being. 

"I need to learn to control my eyes, where they look," I tell her with tears in
my eyes and quivering lips, startled from the quick slaps. "In the waiting room
over there I was staring up all her patients dresses at their panties and at
their chests and rubbing myself through my pants. I went to the restroom because
I had to relieve myself. I couldn't help myself and started to masturbate. The
nurse caught me with my pants down when she opened the door with a young girl
she was bringing to the facilities. She reported me to the doctor."

"And what else?  You know she called over here to make your appointment."

"I was wearing panties at the time."

"What? I can't hear you."

"I was wearing woman's panties," I repeat, a little louder.

"Speak up. What do you mean, panties?"

"Little, yellow, ruffled nylon women's panties," I say loud enough for everyone
in the waiting room to hear. I have never felt so small and embarrassed before
in my life. I can hear the women snicker and the girls giggle.


"So you're a leering, compulsive, panty wearing, dick puller. A sissy boy, and a
flasher, huh?" My eyes drop back to her  breasts. The nipples are poking out,
very hard. One hand is brushing lightly across them.  "I told you to look in my
eyes when you talk to me." My eyes go from here face to her chest and back again
rapidly as if they have a mind of their own, uncontrollable. "You don't follow
orders very well. I think you need a little incentive to listen to me." She
comes around the partition and gets right in my face, like a drill sergeant. 
Only about 5' tall, 90 pounds tops, but still very intimidating and fully in
control of the situation, I start to back up.  She quickly grabs my ear and
pulls my face down to within an inch of hers. I can smell her floral perfume and
sweet breath. 

"You don't want to piss me off, boy." Pulling and twisting at it, my ear is soon
quite red. "Now drop your pants and lean over, palms flat on the desk, legs
shoulder width apart. NOW."

I have no choice but to follow her command. I fumble at the snap and zipper,
shaking like a leaf, finally getting them open and letting my pants drop to my
knees. 5 hard, quick swats with her hand make me yelp. 

"Go stand in the corner over there till the doctor can see you. Face the wall
till I call you. Nose touching the wall, hands to your sides." 

I hurry to the corner, pants at my knees, my head down in shame, cheeks hot
where I was slapped, my ass and ear both hot now too. I am nearly in sub-space
by now, almost lost to my submissive inner self. I can hear the other patients
giggling and commenting at my predicament.  I feel about ready to swoon.

"Panties? Can you believe it?" 

"What a wimp." 

"He must be a sissy to wear panties." 

"I would have given him a lot more than five [MDS3]with my hand."[MDS4]

There I am, pants down, facing the corner like a shamed little boy.  Exposed in
front of strangers, women and girls, and made to admit to wearing panties and
beating off at the doctors office. 

What have I gotten myself into, I think.[MDS5] 

After about 5 minutes I hear the nurse call out, "Hey, jerkoff, go to
examination room one and strip....NOW!"[MDS6] As I hurry by as fast as I can
with my pants around my knees she gives me another swat on the ass. "Hurry up,
I'll be right in to do the preliminaries."   




Chapter 2: The Preliminary Exam

Examination room 1 was little more than a 10 by 8-foot alcove right behind the
receptionist's desk. There was no door, the full 8-foot wall was open to the
hallway. A floor to ceiling window, with curtains covering it was to the left
and would look out into the waiting room if the curtains were pulled back. On
the right wall were a 2 by 6-foot tall mirror and a couple clothes hooks. The
back wall had cabinets that formed counter top and glass front cabinets above.
The only other piece of furniture was a straight back chair. I sit on the chair
and remove my shoes and socks, then my pants. As I get up to hang my pants on a
hook I'm concerned that anyone walking past can see in. So I remove my shirt and
hang it up but leave on my underwear and return to the chair. I'm starting to
sweat a little even though the room is cold. The internal battle is still raging
but I know I will be unable to resist the urges. The feelings are just too
strong. I'm just hoping I can get this over with quickly. Just then the
receptionist/nurse comes around into the room with a clipboard in hand.  

"Get up you idiot, that chair's for me, not a dick puller like you." 

I hurriedly stand up and she sits down, crossing her legs. Her short white dress
rides up until the tops of her white, shear, stockings and garter straps are
exposed along with a couple of inches of smooth tanned thigh. My eyes are
compulsively drawn to the juncture where her thighs cross.  Her legs are
perfectly shaped, possibly the best I've seen.   I'm beginning to blush and
sweat a lot more. I've lost the internal struggle.

"I thought I told you to strip, shit head.  You just don't listen, do you?"  

"I'm sorry, it's just that-"  

"Shut up and do what your told or there will be consequences." 

 I turn my back to her and slip my underwear down and off and hang them on the
wall hook. As I turn around I cup my hands over my crotch, blushing brightly.  

"What do you think you're doing, boy? Are you fondling yourself? Get your hands
away from your little worm." 

"But-" I start to say, but her stern look makes me realize I'd better comply.  
I remove my hands from my crotch to my sides, flushing all over with the
embarrassment. Standing only 3 feet in front of her, totally naked in a cold
open room, my cock and balls have shrunk to minuscule proportions with fear and
shame.  Pulled in tightly into my crotch just the head of my dick is visible
past my light pubic hair, looking like an acorn.   

Laughing out loud she says, "Is that what you were trying to hide from me?  That
little thing?  It looks like a little boy's dick. What are you, twelve? My ten
year old little brother had a bigger dick than that.  What do you use to jerk
off, a tweezers? And what tiny little balls, hung like a chipmunk. Do you even
produce sperm with those little immature things yet?" 

My hands cover my crotch again as I blurt out, "Wait a minute here-"  

She is up out of the chair in a flash and once again slaps my face cutting off
any protest. "Shut Up! Didn't I tell you to shut up a moment ago, asshole? Can't
you follow a simple instruction? And you were trying to play with yourself
again, weren't you?" 

"No, I-"  

Two more quick slaps, a right hand followed by a left leaves my face on fire.
"Are you calling me a liar, boy? I saw you grab your poor excuse for a dick just
now, didn't I? Well, didn't I?"  

"Yes, but-" Another slap makes my ears ring.  

"Yes what, boy?" 

"I, uh, I-" Two more slaps bring tears to my eyes and tunneling my vision.  

"It's Yes Ma'am when you address me or any other employee here, little boy. You
will learn some respect for your betters around here. And that's all I want to
hear from your mouth, Yes Ma'am and No Ma'am. Do I make myself clear?"   

"Y-y-yes Ma'am," is all I can manage through my tears, eyes downcast to the
floor, face burning with shame.  

"I have to do something about you grabbing at your pathetic little cocklette or
we just can't continue." She goes to the cabinets and brings back some black
leather straps of some kind.  

"Hold out your hands." She buckles a two inch wide cuff with hanging metal snap
clips around each wrist. They are very tight. "Kneel, boy."  

I do as I'm told and she buckles a three inch wide leather collar with D rings
on each side around my neck.   Once it's secured, the wrist cuff clips are
snapped into the collar D rings preventing my hands from leaving the sides of my
neck.  

"There, now you won't be trying to jerk off in from of me again. And that collar
will hold your head up so you won't be staring at my legs either. You were
staring at my legs before weren't you, pig?"   

"Yes Ma'am."  

"Of course you were, you little pervert. Now stand up and pay attention. You
were sent here for corrective therapy and that's exactly what you're going to
get. So do as you're told, when you're told, how you're told, without
hesitation. If you are slow to comply we have ways to speed up your response.
And I can report your noncompliance to your company's doctor, too. Do you
believe me, boy?"  

"Yes Ma'am."  

"I don't think you do, yet, but you will. Oh yes, you will. I think you need a
taste right now of what will happen if you don't follow any instruction you are
given by any one on the staff here."  

She goes to the cabinets again and returns with a with a 2 foot long riding
crop. "Turn around and face the wall."  

I can see myself in the mirror, naked, hands bound to my neck, face red and
puffy from the slaps and tears.   I see her arm come up and then swiftly down as
pain explodes across my ass.

THWACK!

I let out a scream that I'm sure can be heard in the waiting room. She strikes
again and again causing me to shriek with each stroke.

THWACK!

THWACK!

THWACK!
[MDS7]
"Please Ma'am, I'll do what ever you tell me, just please stop, please!"  I'm
jumping and dancing at every strike. Twisting to avoid the blows.

THWACK!

THWACK!

"Turn around and look at me, sissy boy. Are you going to be any more trouble?"  

"N-n-no Ma'am, no.  I will do whatever you say, please, no more Ma'am."  

"You better.  Now look over your shoulder into the mirror. Look at your sissy
ass now, boy." 

I can see red welts criss-crossing my cheeks. She steps up against me and
reaches around to stroke my ass with her hand.  

"So hot, yesssss," she hisses in my ear. "I just love making a sissy boy's ass
like yours all red and hot with my crop. Just give me any excuse, any hint of
defying me again, and you will regret it." I can feel her body against mine as
she continues to rub my butt cheeks and I start to tremble. She chuckles as she
steps away.  

"Face forward, eyes straight ahead." She starts to walk around, inspecting me
slowly, touching here and there.  Pinching layers if skin and fat between her
fingers and pulling it away from my body before letting it snap back. Prodding
and poking all over my body, eyeing me up and down like she was inspecting an
animal. "Not a very manly body, no wonder you jerk your little meat so much.
Such a soft physique, not much muscle tone and a fat piggy belly." 

She puts both hands on either side of my ample gut and shakes it so I jiggle
like a pot of jello all over. My lower lip begins to quiver, I'm on the verge of
bursting into tears. 

"A sow's belly if I've ever seen one. [MDS8]That's it, you're a simpering, sissy
breeder sow, aren't you, little boy?"

"N-n-n-no[MDS9] Ma'am I'm n-n-not a-"

"YES, YOU ARE! Don't contradict me!" With that she slaps my belly making it
rebound and leaving a red hand print. 

Going to a cabinet, she returns with a narrow roll of medical tape. Pulling off
a six inch piece, she secures one end on the underside of my nose. Lifting the
other end up, pulling my nose with it, she tapes it to my forehead.

"There you go, a piggy snout to match a sows belly. All it needs now is a nice
big ring through the septum to complete the look. Maybe later, if your good,"
she chuckles.

Stepping around behind me she repeats the two handed jiggle test on my ass
cheeks. "Look at those sow cheeks shake!  I'll bet they make a good cushion when
you're being bred." 

A sharp swat from her hand on my already red, welted, ass makes me jump.  She
takes a black marking pen from her pocket and writes above my ass, then on each
cheek, in three inch tall, wide block letters. I can feel the ink.  It's cold
against my hot skin. Burning where the letters cross a welt from the cropping.

 "SISSY, SOW, CHEEKS," she spells out as she writes. "There, now there won't be
any question." Putting away the pen, she moves around to my front.

 "Hmmmmm, no, no,no, this will never do." She grabs a tuft of my sparse pubic
hair and pulls at it. "All this hair will have to go. I've got to be able to see
every inch of you for a proper evaluation. You don't have very much to start
with anyway, do you?  And look at these tits! Hmmmm, they look like little girl
tits, so plump."  She grabs a big handful of my chest and squeezes out a mound
of flesh. "Yes, a little girls tits, are you taking hormones to get these
titties, sissy boy? I'll bet they are a B cup at least. That could explain that
tiny little clit of a dick and little boy balls you've got too."

"N-N-No...Ma'am, th-th-they have always been like this since puberty."

"Naturally high levels of female hormones, huh.  We might be able to develop
that a little with injections and a daily pill dosage. These nipples need some
work too, to bring them out.  They should be sticking out a good three quarters
of an inch to match these tits."  

She releases my chest and pinches each nipple, pulling them out as far as they
will go, rotating them.    I moan at the rough treatment that she is giving my
nipples. "We will have to make them more sensitive too, till you pant and get
wet when they are played with. Turn them into real sissy nips. Just like a sow's
teats.  Maybe even have them tattooed a slutty red so they always look excited." 
She releases my nipples and they spring back with a snap.  Swollen and erect,
they stand out from my inch and a half expanding aureoles.  

"Let's see how that would look." She produces a red marker and paints my nipples
and aureoles till they are bright red. "Perfect...for a slut. They need nice fat
rings with bells on them to match your nose ring too I think." Her evil laughter
cuts into me like a knife. 

"Open wide," she orders. I open my mouth for her inspection. "Wider, like your
going to suck on something long and round. Your used to that aren't you, sissy?
A big hard man cock maybe? You've been on your knees before plenty of times,
haven't you? Well, haven't you, little sissy boy? Sucked a lot of cocks with
your pretty lips and mouth, haven't you? You've got a cock sucker's lips for
sure, big and puffy. But not as puffy as after a night of sucking and mouth
fucking.  Am I right, sissy boy?  Maybe some collagen injections to give you a
permanent just-fucked-in-the-mouth look.  And some coloring too. A bright pink
or maybe red to match your nipples. " 

I'm totally humiliated and can't say a thing. She runs her fingers over my lips
causing me to salivate and quiver.  I slip further into my other self like a
stone rolling down hill. 

"A nice wet pussy-mouth." She begins to explore the inside of my mouth with her
fingers. Feeling my tongue and the insides of my cheeks. Her fingers probe the
opening of my throat till I begin to gag and retch. "I'll bet your boyfriends
love it when you gag around their cock heads. Seal your lips around my fingers
and suck just like they are a hard prick." I lave the underside of her fingers
with my tongue and alternate suction pressure. "Just like a wanton hungry
whore's mouth.  Are you a whore too, piggy, or just a cock sucker?"


I can't answer with her fingers in my mouth but blush furiously. How did she
know I loved to give blow jobs to dominate man when my other self takes over? On
my knees, submissive, yearning to please, gazing up into their eyes as I
slavishly worship his superior manhood. At the peep show glory holes or park
bath rooms, there to be used as a cum slut whore. But my only compensation is
their spurting juice, not money. 

Wearing skimpy, tight pastel panties for a smoothed, feminine crotch and quarter
cup bra. Pants around my ankles, t-shirt lifted up behind my head, kneeling on
the sticky floor, big sissy titties thrust out, nipples hard and exposed. My
eyes half open, sultry and slutty, so I can see his cock fucking my face.
Watching as his face contorts in pleasure, nearing orgasm. Reveling in the
humiliation yet totally horny.  Excited to once again be in the sub space my
other self craves so much. Mouth open and awaiting the lovely squirts...his eyes
boring in to me as he shoots...other guys watching my shame and
excitement....jerking their man meat....stepping up to take their turn at the
willing sissy cum dump...squirt after squirt of hot man juice in my mouth,
covering my face and chest like a bukkake target....

"I'll bet it makes them cum feeling your throat pulsating[MDS10] around their
cocks." She pushes her small fist all the way into my mouth and fingers down my
throat, ignoring my convulsive gagging and choking. 

"Oh, that feels nice. Your throat is rippling against my fingers. That would
sure make me cum if I had a cock down your deep cunt of a throat. Cum right in
your mouth and make you drink it down. Or maybe pull out and shoot all over your
face. I'll bet you would love to have your man cum on your face and leave it
there for all to see. Marked as his little faggot sissy boy. Make you hold his
filled condom in your mouth with the open end hanging and dripping outside your
lips. Sissy Juicy Fruit. That would be a sight." 

Pulling her hand out of my mouth, her fingers are covered in thick coating of
slimy drool.  She wipes it on my face and says, "You'll learn to take it deep
with out so much gagging but just enough to provide stimulation all around a
hard cock." 

Despite the rough handling and humiliation, I've gotten a hard on and its
starting to drip. "Oh look, the little sissy sow is getting a woody. Cute little
thing, all four and a half inches....tsk tsk."

She reaches for my cock and holds it between her thumb and forefinger. Using the
red marker, she colors the head of my throbbing dick. "There, very pretty. A
dinky widdle dicky all prettied up and no place to go.   Hehehehe"

 She goes to the phone and makes a call. "Send up a couple of aids to
examination room one. I've got a prep job for them. Yes, complete body shave,
cleaning inside and out. 20 minutes?  OK, I'll be at my desk."  

She hangs up the phone and goes to the cabinets again. A chain leash is in her
hand as she comes over to me and clips it to my collar. "Come with me, boy. I
can't be waiting in here with you when I have work to do at my desk."  

"B-b-but  Ma'am...I'm naked!"

"So you are. Hmmmm. I'll put something on you you'll like. It's all we have as a
gown. Perfect for a sissy like you." She goes to the cabinet and gets a pink,
shear, short babydoll like nightie. It has white ruffles around the scoop neck
running down both sides of the open front, around the bottom edge and framing
the wide arm holes. She slip it over my head and I see that it is completely see
through, and so short that my ass is only covered a quarter of the way, not to
mention that the front is open so it doesn't cover my hard little dick at all.
My arms being underneath the garment, clipped to the stiff wide collar, the
front gap is spread wide, held only at the plunging neck line. 

I am lead out to the waiting room, nearly naked, ass striped and welted from the
cropping and labeled with those humiliating words. Nipples bright red and
hurting. My painted dick head sticking out fully exposed and dripping, throbbing
with every pounding heart beat.  Nose tape up into a pig's snout.  Face ablaze
from slaps and shame. She leads me over to the coat rack right by the women
still waiting there and hangs the leash on the topmost hook.  

"Just wait there and behave yourself till the aids come. You will go with them
and do exactly as they say....am I clear?"  

"Yes, Ma'am," is all I can say. The women and girls are staring and giggling.  
I have to keep my head up because of the collar or I would be looking only at
the ground. What more is in store for me? [MDS11]

More to follow as it is writen:
Chapter 3: Prep
teased in waiting room, ridiculed, humiliated
taken by candy striper aids, chained collar to ceiling, legs spread, body
probed, pinched  & prodded
body shave, head sheared, corrective cropping
enema, catheter, stomach pumped
returned to exam room 1, exposed to those in waiting room and hall ways


Chapter 4: dr. arrives
Dr. revealed as my company doctor, saline injections in tits and nipples, balls
and cock pushed back inside and stitched in place, asshole stretching begun

Chapter 5: ??????





[MDS1]All characters involved in sexual situations must be 18 or older. I would
suggest you change the ages to 18 and 19, or have the mother remove the 14 year
old from the waiting room. However, Laurel might simply see the 14 and could
possibly reject the story on sight alone.
[MDS2]Try to avoid slang, unless it is used in dialogue.
[MDS3]The numerals is kind of complicated - if it is said in dialogue, it is
spelled out, if it relayed as part of the story, it is typed as a numeral.
[MDS4]Each individual comment from those in the waiting room should broken out
as a separate paragraph.
[MDS5]Thoughts are not put in quotations marks. To indicate the main character
is thinking, either state s/he is thinking or write the thought in italics. It's
easier for the reader to follow what you are trying to convey.
[MDS6]Ellipses can be overused in a story. Normally they are used to let the
reader know there are words missing or speech that is fading. Common usage is
changing, however, so I will let you decide what you wish to do. I have made
changes where I think a dash would serve your work better, however.
[MDS7]For emphasis, you want to break these out as separate paragraphs. You
might wish to follow each one with an exclamation point (just one) to allow your
reader to "feel" what the protagonist is going through.
[MDS8]Rather than writing laughter into dialogue, you might want to write
something like: ...seen one," she laughs. "That's...
[MDS9]To indicate stuttering, place a dash between the letters. It will
automatically cause your reader to statically repeat the letter, thereby getting
your point across.
[MDS10]Pulsating is okay here, but I personally think pulsing might be a better
choice. It's your decision.
[MDS11]Only one question mark needs be used to get your point across to the
reader.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sissy Suzi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





