BDSM Library - The Old Drunks Revenge




The Old Drunks Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of an old drunk who seeks revenge on society. On his final legs with nothing to lose he will make society pay, starting with 2 young girls.
The Old Drunks Revenge

	My life was fucked. I was a fat slob, alcoholic for 10 years, body
riddled with skin problems and had lived on the streets for the last 5 years. I
stunk of shit and hadn't showered for months. I was so pissed off with the world
and blamed everyone else. Enough was enough and I thought fuck it, I may as well
be dead. I had decided that I would end my life and drink myself into the grave.
As I sat there like the fat peace of shit I am, I would cop abuse from passers
by, people who take their lives for granted, people that knew nothing about me.

	On this day a group of teenage girls walked past me, told me I would
never  be with another woman again, one even flashed her panties at me to tease
me. They laughed and walked on. This just gave my more incentive to kill myself.

	I sat there and contemplated everything, the teasing voices ran through
my mind. I felt this strange feeling of relaxation as I felt it would all soon
be over, then remembered the girls that teased me. I started to think that I had
nothing to lose anymore, that I could probably do anything I wanted before I
ended it all, no one could punish me. I plotted in my mind what I could do to
take my revenge on society. The girls played over in my head and I thought to
myself that I may as well have one more sexual encounter before I go, make the
best out of it and regret nothing. I could make one of these teenage girls pay
for the shit they had put on me. 

	Days passed and I planned my final days. I slept in the park, under the
bushes out of site as I was always weary of being beaten. It was 2.30am Saturday
night when I heard female voices. I saw two young girls around 17 years old
walking down the path. They both had been drinking heavily and were stumbling
along. It was dead quiet and no one was around. This was it, this was my perfect
opportunity, but how was I going to handle two of them. I started to think quick
and knew that I could only handle one. I started to back around the bushes and
take a closer look. One of the girls was overweight, the other was stunning. She
was about 17, tanned silky legs and was going to be mine. I waited as they
approached, then just as they passed I jumped out and hit the fat girl on the
back of the head with an empty bottle. She fell to the ground and didn't move.
The other stood there stunned and in fear. I grabbed her and pulled her arm
behind her back. I told her that if she didn't do exactly what I said, that she
would die and never see her friends again. She started to cry and didn't say
anything. I pushed her into the bushes and made my way to where there was light.
I found a park light behind some trees which was going to be perfect.  I still
had her arm behind her back and stood behind her. She smelt so good, so tender,
for a moment I didn't know what to do, but my anger from the memories of these
girls overtook and I found my way. As I held her I moved my other hand onto her
thigh and started to feel her soft silky skin, with my rough dirty hands. Again
she tried to move but I reminded her of what happened to her friend. She stood
there with tears rolling down her cheeks. I raised my hand up, slowly lifting
her skirt. As I lifted the back, I saw her pert little butt cheeks come into
view. She was wearing a g-string, which rode deep into her ass. I grabbed the
string at the back and started to pull upwards. I felt a surge of anger and gave
a quick jerk and the string drove deep into her ass. I looked around and saw
that I had pulled the front of her panties inside her labia. Her puffy little
pussy was now sticking out from the sides of her panties, what made it bette,r
was that I noticed she was fully shaved. I had some electrical tape which I used
to  bind her hands behind her back. I shoved an old hanky in her mouth and taped
it up. I knew now I could do exactly what I wanted and I stopped to savour the
moment.

	I put my foot in front of her legs then pushed her in the back, she
tripped and fell to the ground. As she hit the ground, I rolled her over onto
her back, noticing that her pink panties were still driven up inside her. I
reached down and grabbed her top and ripped. It fell apart and revealed a pink
cotton bra, which I didn't take too long removing. Two perfect mounds came into
view with puffy pink little nipples. I could hear her mumbling shit at me, and
could see the hate in her eyes. This made me remember all the bad things people
had done to me and this poor girl was about to pay for them all. I bent down and
grabbed both of her nipples with my hands and pulled them up to me as hard as I
could. So hard in fact that I lifted her back off the ground. It looked like I
was just about to pull them off, and her tits were stretched as far as they
would go. I looked into her pained eyes and asked her what she just said. Tears
rolling down her cheeks and fear in her eyes, she said nothing and sobbed
uncontrollably. I let her go and she fell back to the ground, her tits sprung
back. Both nipples were engorged and purple.

	I reached down and grabbed her panties which ripped in my hands, leaving
her now naked on the ground. I stood over her admiring my prize. I started to
unbutton my pants and dropped them to the ground. I looked down at my cock which
I have not seen in a long time and it was putrid. Fuck I was a mess, the shaft
was full of scabs and red blotches. It was dirty and pubes had grown out of
control. What made it worse was that it stank of shit and urine. I thought I
would be instantly hard, but I wasn't. I started to stroke myself as I looked at
her tiny pink pussy, trying to stimulate the old feelings again. I bent down and
started to rub her labia, but she tried to close her legs. I reached up and
punched her hard in the stomach and told her to do as I said. Slowly her legs
opened and her pussy was dry and closed in front of me. I started to rub her
lips trying to see if I could stimulate her juices. But nothing. I stuck my face
between her legs and stared to lick her, feeling her clit with my tongue. She
tasted so good that I could feel my loins starting to fire up. I sat up and
looked at her pussy wet from my tongue. My cock was quite hard now, and I had
forgotten how big I was. It was about 8 inches but really thick. I was really
pleased to see it again. Unfortunately the erection had stretched the scabs,
which had splintered off a little. I started to rub the head of my dirty cock
between her pussy lips, trying to stimulate her juices. I saw her look down at
my cock, I saw the disgust in her eyes at its filth. Her pussy was so clean and
my cock was wrinkled and old, full of scabs and stank of urine. I pushed the
head of my cock against her opening, but she was really tight, I couldn't  get
it in.

	I pulled it back and didn't know what to do as I couldn't  get her to
juice up. I drew back and spat at her pussy. My disgusting saliva hit the mark
and I saw  it dribble down her lips. This was it, if she didn't get wet then I
would make her wet. I gargled my salvia and sat again and again, until she was
soaked in my foul smelling spit. I started to rub it in with my hand and tried
to penetrate my fingers inside her hole. It was much easier now.

	I took the head of my cock and again rubbed it around her hole. Suddenly
the head popped in and I could feel her body shudder. I looked down and could
see her pussy lips wrapped around the head of my cock. I reached down and put my
hands under both ass cheeks and as I lifted her drove in hard. My cock went all
the way inside, and her whole body convulsed. It must have hurt her and the
scabs slid along her sensitive pussy walls, but I didn't care anymore. I started
to pump and to my amazement could feel her loosen a little. What made it better
was that I could feel her juice starting to flow. I think her body betrayed her
and I knew that she was under my control. I increased the pace and started to
drive hard.  I heard her moan and wanted to see if I could get her excited. It
was amazing she actually started to get off, I could hear it building. I
remembered all the bad things these girls had said and realised that I did not
want to give her pleasure. I bought my time until I could see the excitement in
her rise to the point before climax. Then suddenly I pulled out my cock, pushed
her legs up and rammed it into her ass as hard as I could. I could hear the
scream. Fuck it was good watching her as she was about to orgasm then to
suddenly feel so much pain. I was laughing then saw her compromise her self and
reach down and start rubbing her clit to orgasm while I was deep in her ass. The
little bitch was going to cum without me. Her body started to convulse and spasm
with orgasms. Fuck I was pissed off, I started to pump her ass as hard as I
could, then without warning I blew my load. I pulled out as saw my putrid cum
spray out of her ass, her pussy was still gaping and some even managed to find
its way into that hole as well. I held her up and looked at her gaping holes.
She was never meant to cum, but I was really pleased that I had made her violate
herself. She actually orgasmed to an old stinking fart like me. How degrading
must that have been. I felt really good, better than I had in years.

	I left her there in tears as she contemplated the shock of the ordeal.
Putting my pants back on I left and started back to the path.  Then I remembered
the fat girl I had hit earlier. I was spent and could not be bothered, but had a
cruel idea along the way. I walked over to her where she had woken and had
crawled into the bushes, just curled up in a ball crying. I lifted up her skirt
and started to play with her tits. I did this for a little while trying to
re-adjust my senses. Then I pulled her panties to the side and felt her pussy. I
could not believe it, she was really wet. I could see the shock in her eyes as
her body completely betrayed her. I didn't find her at all attractive and wasn't
interested in fucking her. I smiled as a sick idea entered my head. I grabbed an
empty bottle and started to move the neck up and down her pussy lips. Fuck she
was wet. The neck slid in with ease. I wondered how far she could take it as she
laid there on her side. It went past the neck to the thick part of the bottle
before it would go any further. I took my hands off of it and stood back to
admire my handy work. I pulled it out and saw her pussy gap open for a while,
then slid it back in with ease. I heard her moan with a little pleasure  and
started to pump it in and out. Shit, she was really getting off. I then again
realised that I wasn't here to pleasure her and swelled up with anger again. I
pulled the bottle out and left her pussy gapping open. I unzipped my pants and
pulled out my cock. Took aim and pissed right inside her pussy. Urine was going
everywhere, especially deep inside her hole. I could not believe my eyes I think
she was about to orgasm. Not again, how the fuck was I going to stop this.  I
reached down and without any notice rammed my fist inside her gapping hole. I
thought this will fuck her. Man was I wrong, her pussy clenched tight around my
hand and I felt her have multiple orgasms, one after the other. She even pushed
back on my arm trying to drive me in deeper. When she had finished I pulled it
out stood up and laughed. I don't think I was very good at this rape shit and
started to walk away thinking how good life was.

	It was amazing after that things actually started to get better, I
pulled myself together, got a job and moved on with my life. Now I was so clean
that there was no way either of these girls would ever recognise me again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Davo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





