BDSM Library - Improving Our Marriage




Improving Our Marriage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The main character falls in love with, marries, and becomes the slave to a beautiful woman.  She and her friends abuse him and deprive him of sexual stimulation by using a chastity belt.  Ultimately, he is locked in it for life.
Improving Our Marriage



I believe that the main reason that she said 'I do' at the altar was that she
absolutely loved having sex with me.  I know wasn't the most handsome guy
around-I wasn't anywhere close.  I didn't have a great body either.  I was
short, around 5'8" and not particularly muscular.  In fact, I thought I was a
little bit heavy.  I had a great job, an executive position at Ford, but Jessica
wasn't a gold digger.  No, even after I had told her all about myself she was
still hesitant about whether she wanted to go out with me again. 

However, the night of out first date she came up to my bedroom and we made love. 
As I took off my clothes, she seemed unimpressed with my body until I removed my
boxers.  Now, I won't boast, but I had a big dick.  It was almost abnormally
big.  Actually it probably was abnormally big.  I measured it: eight inches long
flaccid, and a whopping one foot when erect.  Obviously size does matter,
because when she saw it, Jessica went crazy.  She immediately removed all her
clothes and took my dick in her mouth.  She somehow managed to get all twelve
inches into her throat.  She gave the best head any woman had ever given me.  I
grabbed her hair and rammed her mouth roughly back and forth, her nose touching
my pubes when she came forward.  She swallowed all my cum, which I wasn't
surprised at since my dick was halfway down her throat already.

She seemed to enjoy it even more than me.  After we had oral sex, she begged me
to enter her.  We fucked for hours, each of us orgasming many times.  Each time
Jessica would get wilder and wilder, and we would come quicker and quicker. 
With each thrust I could feel my cock dilating her cervix.  She said she was on
the pill so it was ok.  She left late at night, but said that we really needed
to go out tomorrow night.  She said she'd call me, and she told me to promise
not to fuck any other women in the mean time.  I promised.

That was Friday night.



All Saturday I lay around my house watching tv, but always thinking of Jessica. 
She was a very beautiful woman.  She was 5'10" and 140 pounds of toned muscle. 
She had great, big tits and a very fine butt.  She had long black hair and very
tan skin.  She waxed her pussy hair and had a navel ring.  I must have
masturbated ten times that day, getting off quickly just by thinking of her. 

She called me around seven and suggested that we just stay home at my place
instead of going out to dinner.  I agreed, knowing what was on her mind.  It was
on my mind also. 

I spent from seven to nine making my house presentable and romantic.  I tried my
hardest to make myself look as sexy as possible, and I mus admit that I did a
good job.  I must also admit that I made a rose petal trail from the dining room
to my bedroom, where I lit some fragrant candles and scattered the rest of the
petals on the bed, lights turned down and all.

She arrived at nine, dressed in a stunning red dress that left very little to
the imagination.  The top of it barely covered her nipples for god's sake!  We
greeted, kissed, and I sat her at the dinner table.  I knew a bit about cooking
and made a very successful steak dish as a main course.  We had champagne also. 
After desert, we sat on the couch together by the fire, drinking more champagne
and telling each other about ourselves, and how much we loved one another.  Then
we were kissing.  We fell back on the couch, her underneath me.  We kissed with
plenty of tongue and groping for about five minutes.  Then I drew back,
pretended to notice a rose petal on the floor for the first time.

"Jessie look!  I wonder how that got there."



"What?  Ooh, rose petals.  I love roses!"  She got up and followed the trail,
picking up the petals as she went.  I followed close behind her, congratulating
myself quietly.  She followed the trail to my room.  When the saw the get up,
she turned and smiled at me.

"You are a very smart, sexy and romantic man.  You sure know how to make a woman
feel loved."  She walked towards the bed, slipping out of her dress as she went. 
I closed the door behind me, and began to undress myself.  Her naked body made
my penis grow rapidly.  She saw this and began to finger her pussy lips
violently.

"Ooh, I need you in me really bad.  Please, now, hurry I may explode if you
don't stick that monster in me now!"  I got up on the bed and lay on my back. 
She knelt between my legs and began to engulf my cock in her mouth.  It was
difficult for her, but she really wanted it.  Soon it had disappeared down her
throat, and she began to suck it.  She moved her head up and down and my dick
went in and out.  She would go from all the way on it to about half way off,
then back.  She wasn't going fast enough for me, so again I grabbed her hair and
slammed her down on it.  This turned her on more, as I controlled the movement
of her head.  When I was about to cum, I held her head down on my cock, and
surted my cum down her throat.  She then let my dick out of her mouth.

"Jessica, you give the best head in the world."  I said softly.  She grinned.

"No, you do."  She moved onto her hands and knees and rotated around, so her
beautiful ass was facing me.

"Please, take me up the ass.  I want to see if I can handle it.  I've never had
a cock this big before.  My pussy needs a few more minutes to recuperate from
last night, so do me in the ass first."

"I think I'm too big, I'm afraid I might split you open, maybe-"

"Ooh but I need it in my ass.  I promise it won't be your fault if you break me. 
It will be a turn on.  I promise you it will be as good for you as fucking my
pussy was."

That was all I needed to hear.  I moved to a kneeling position by her ass, my
dick about level with her beautiful ass.  My cock was lubricated from being in
her mouth, so I was sure it would go in easier.  Still, I eased it in slowly. 
It took five minutes before I was all the way in.  It was very tight, but I
started to thrust.  Jessica gave out moans and gasps of what I took for pain,
but she told me to keep going.

"Oh god, harder, harder, Ouch, ooh, deeper, I love this, Ah!  Keep going,
harder, faster..." I kept pounding her ass, making her rock back and forth in
time with my thrusts.  When I came, I collapsed on top of her, and she collapsed
under me.  I lay on her back on the bed, my dick still in her ass, growing
flaccid.  I was getting warn out surprisingly.  But I wasn't about to say so. 

"Ok, I think my pussy is ready now.  See?  You didn't split me open.  If my ass
can take it, then my pussy definitely can."  That was logical, pussies were
bigger than asses.  I didn't want to show my tiredness, so I made a suggestion.

"Hey Jessica, what if you try being on top this time.  I did all the work the
last four times we screwed, now It's time I take a break."  She liked this idea. 
I must have too, for my dick was getting hard again.  Jessica squatted over me
and lowered herself onto my dick.  It slid easily up her juicy pussy.  She must
have been watering ever since we started. 

Slowly, she began to lift up and down, going slightly forwards on the up, and
slightly back on the down.  However, she soon sped up, until she was practically
bouncing on me.  The bed was moaning from the stress, but we were moaning louder
from the pleasure.  It was so wild, then we came and it was over.  She lay
forward on me, her breasts squishing beneath her as she lay on my chest.  My
dick was still in her pussy, leaking cum slowly. Now she seemed as spent as I
was. 



"Sex with you is the best that I've ever had, you know," she said to me.

"Likewise," I said, "you are quite a woman Jessica.  I could do this all my life
with you."  Her eyes lit up at the sound of this.  I got off the bed and went to
my dresser.  I pulled a small box from the top drawer.  It contained a million
dollar diamond engagement ring.  I returned and knelt, still naked, by the bed. 

"Jessica, will you marry me?"  I then got so anxious awaiting her answer,
thought it only took a second for the answer to come.

"Yes, of course I will!"  I put the ring on her finger and hugged her from
behind as she examined it.

"Awe, this is sooo beautiful!  She turned her head and we hissed again.  My left
hand grasped her left breast an squeezed gently.  My right hand held her face to
mine.  Her hands went to her on crotch and to mine, pleasuring us both.  We had
sex a few more times before we actually slept, locked in a loving embrace.



We got married in a office with a hired witness.  Jessica was an atheist, though
I was convinced that she was some sort of deity.  For our honeymoon we went to
Paris for a month.  Half the time was spent shopping, the other half was spent
in bed, drinking french champagne and saying dirty words to each other in
french.  When we came back to the states, I took a month off from work so we
could get settled down. 

Jessica's father was the famous singer Leon Levy, and she lived off of the
enormous royalties, which included a house that was even bigger than mine.  We
sold my house and I moved in with her.  My house fetched millions, which Jessica
was happy about.  We combined bank accounts, and realized just how rich we were. 
Our combined savings totaled billions, and our incomes totaled millions.  And
now with only one house to pay taxes and utilities for...we were ver well off
indeed. 

During that month that I took off, we spent a lot of time moving my things in,
setting affairs and accounts in order, informing relatives, and of course,
having sex.  Jessica's ass was getting accustomed to my cock, for each time it
was easier and easier to get in.  Each night we would screw at least five times,
trying out different positions and different holes.  Jessica was guaranteed at
least one load of cum I her mouth, her ass, and her pussy each night.  We had so
much sex, and yet it didn't seem like we'd ever get tired or bored of it.

At work, my friends and colleagues congratulated me on my "fine catch."  They
all knew who Jessica was because of her father and all, and not a day went by
without me getting a comment-more like a crude remark-about certain parts of my
wife's body and/or certain practices which we performed in bed.

For the first two years of our marriage, we were very, very happy.  We had a
more than healthy sex life, spent a lot of time dining at fine places, and
having fun wherever we went or doing whatever we did.  However, after the first
two years, I had a feeling that Jessica was getting tired of having sex with me. 
We had sex every day, and we both enjoyed it. 



Soon after I got my feeling, she confronted me about it.

"Honey, I need to talk to you about our sex life."

"What's wrong Jessica, I thought you enjoyed it.  I thought you liked my
uniquely big monster cock, invading you all the time-" She cut me off.



"I do enjoy it, but there's the thing.  I liked it because I had never seen one
so big, but now, I see the same big cock every night, many times a night, and
the novelty is wearing off.  I like having you screw me, I really do, but it's
getting boring since we do it so often."  I didn't know what to do.

"Would you prefer it if we had sex less often?  That would be ok I suppose.  How
about...three time a week."  She shook her head

"If we put sex in a schedule, that will ruin it completely.  It's not a thing
you plan in advance, it happens randomly when the participants are in the mood. 
But since you always seem to be in the mood, I think I'd better be the one to
determine when we have sex."  I didn't want our marriage to dissolve.

"Ok, Jessica, I'll do what you want if it will make you happier and our sex
better.  I don't want to force you into sex.  I only want to have sex with you
when you really want to.  If t only satisfies me, then it shouldn't happen."

"Do you mean it?  Do you really give me full control over when we have sex?"  I
smiled at Jessica.

"Jessie, baby, I'd give you control of my life."  I kissed her, but she went
suddenly serious.

"You would give me control of your life?  Seriously?  That's really sweet. 
Would you do it?  For me?"

I kissed her again.

"Jessie, I love you so much, I'd do anything for you."  Her face lit up with a
big smile.

"Hold on dear, I'll be right back."  She dashed to her study and returned
moments later with a paper and pen.  She handed me the paper, telling me to read
it.



Contract of Consent to Slavery

The following rules, regulations, and guidelines are to be obeyed at all times,
unless you are instructed otherwise:

1.  I  hereby relinquish control of all of my possessions, financial assets, and
capital of any kind, to the control of my Mistress, Jessica.

2.  I  hereby agree to quit my job, and from now on serve nobody except my
Mistress Jessica and any person(s) that she may give power over me.

3.  I  hereby agree to obey every command given to me by my Mistress Jessica or
any person(s) that she gives power over me to.

4.  I  hereby agree to accept any form of punishment dealt to me for displeasing
my Mistress Jessica in any way.  This may include deliberate disobedience,
accidental disobedience, and even for completing a task correctly but not as
well as my Mistress Jessica would have wanted it done.

5.  I  hereby agree to remain naked as long as I am on the property of my
Mistress Jessica.  I also hereby agree to discard all clothing, and only wear
what my Mistress Jessica allows me to wear, when she allows me to wear it.

6.  I hereby agree to remain on the property of my Mistress Jessica unless
instructed otherwise by her.

7.  I  hereby agree to remain in sight of my Mistress Jessica when in public,
and obey any order what so ever that she may give me when in public.

8.  I  hereby agree to avoid eye contact with my Mistress Jessica, to bow to
her, and otherwise to be humble and submissive when in her presence.  This
includes not speaking unless spoken to and remaining on my hands and knees
unless instructed otherwise.

9.  I  hereby agree to eat only what my Mistress Jessica places in my dog bowl,
for I am a dog.  I also hereby agree to only relieve myself in the litter box
when inside, or in a discreet location when outside on the property.

10.  I  hereby agree to hold my bodily functions if my Mistress Jessica commands
it, for as long as she commands.  I  hereby agree to eat my feces if I fail to
comply to this rule.

11.  I  hereby agree to refer to my Mistress Jessica only as "Mistress" or
"Ma'am"

12.  I hereby agree to obey my Mistress Jessica in every way, even if not listed
above in this contract.  I agree to accept punishment willingly for breaking a
rule I may not have known existed.

13.  I  hereby agree to accept any new rules that my Mistress Jessica may add to
my contract.

       I, _________________ agree to relinquish my name, accept "slave" as my
new name, and agree to abide by the rules above as long as I shall live.

       I, _________________ verify that ________________ is now my slave and
shall treat him accordingly, following the rules of the contract.



I stared at the paper for a long time.  I loved Jessica but was unsure if I was
willing to go this far.  Jessica really wanted me all to herself as her slave. 
She was annoyed by my hesitation.

"Does this hesitation mean that you are not sure if you love me?"

"Of course I love you Jessie, no doubts at all there."

"If you love me, then you will sign the contract."  I had to.  I signed it, and
then she signed it. 

"Well slave?  Don't start off by disobeying!"  She pointed to the line about
being naked.  I quickly undressed completely and dropped to my hands and knees. 

"Ok slave, I have a first order for you.  Follow me up to my room."  I followed
her on hands and knees, silently, remembering her rules.  "Go to the center of
the room and stay there with your legs spread apart."  I did.  I was there in
the middle of the carpeted floor on hands and knees, legs apart.  My dick and
balls hanging vulnerably.  "As you know, I now control when we have sex.  I also
will be controlling when you get any sexual pleasure at all.  Therefore, I am
putting you in a chastity device of my making."  She began to install the device
onto me.  A short, thin metal tube was slid onto my cock.  Mistress Jessica used
ice to shrink my dick down to about three inches long, which was a lot smaller
than it usually gets.  The tube fit tightly over my now tiny penis.  It had a
very small hose at the end where my pee would come out.  The other end of the
tube had a ring that went very tightly around the base of my cock and balls. 
The ring could be tightened with a device that required a wrench to actually
pull the metal tube tighter around the base of my cock and balls.  The device
had a locking mechanism to keep it tight, and Mistress Jessica had the key. 
Another piece of metal covered my balls and locked to the penis part of the
chastity device.  For maximum security, the whole thing locked in two spots  to
a metal belt around my waist, which had an attaching metal band that went
between my legs and attached to the bottom of the part on my balls.  The band
between my legs got very narrow, and had a hole where my anus was. 

It was now on, and Mistress Jessica had all the keys.  Now was there not only no
way that I could touch any part of my genitalia, but my penis was kept to the
tiny size of three inches long and two inches around.  In the days to come I
would try my hardest to stimulate my penis when Mistress Jessica wasn't looking,
but it was utterly impossible.  I was not going to get any arousal whatsoever as
long as it was on.

Mistress Jessica walked around me, looking at her handy work.

"It's a very nice belt, don't you think?"

"Yes Ma'am," I replied submissively.  Mistress Jessica smiled.

"You will be very happy in that belt, won't you?"

"I will ma'am."

"The belt is to make sure you don't fuck anybody else if you manage to get away. 
Also, it is to deny you the pleasure of pleasuring yourself.  If you want sex,
you'd better be a good boy.  Also, when we do have sex, this belt will make sure
you've been kept fresh for me."  I remained quiet.

"Ok slave, lets go get rid of your clothes.  We have a busy day today.  You need
to burn your clothes, give me all of your account PINs and pass words, write a
letter of resignation to Ford, and of course hand over your keys, wallets,
etc... Lets go to it, shall we?"



By the end of the day, I owned nothing, not even my own body.  I was no longer
in our house, I was in her house.  She was no longer my wife.  Instead, I was
her husband and her slave.  She had me make her dinner-she made me make the same
meal that I made on the night I proposed to her.  Afterwards, she puts some
scraps in a dog bowl in a corner for me to eat.  It was very humiliating: eating
from a dog bowl on my hands and knees, knowing that her view of me was my raised
ass and incarcerated penis.  I then did the dishes and some other odd chores. 
She let me stand up to vacuum the house thankfully.  I don't know why she made
me vacuum right before bed, perhaps she was just exercising power. 

"Ok slave, bed time!"  She called when she heard me turn the vacuum off.  I put
it away and crawled up to her room.  I saw her in bed and leapt on to it like a
cat.

"Bad slave, down!" she yelled and shoved me off the bed.

"Spread your legs slave!"  I did.  She took off the metal piece that covered my
balls, then kicked them hard.  I fell forwards, howling in pain.  I tried to
grasp for my sore balls, to hold them, but she quickly knocked my hands away. 
"I did not give you permission to touch your balls.  Do I need to kick them
again?"

"No Mistress, please don't," She replaced the ball cover, locking it again. 

"First of all, I have the contract here to add conditions to it."



14.  I hereby agree to wear my chastity device without complaint as long as my
Mistress Jessica wants me to wear it.

15.  I hereby agree not to touch my genitalia when the device is removed by my
Mistress Jessica.  If I do touch my penis or balls, I will accept the punishment
of one kick for every time the rule is violated.

16.  I hereby agree never to use the furniture unless instructed otherwise by my
Mistress Jessica. 

17.  I hereby agree to move around on hands and knees at all times unless
instructed otherwise by my Mistress.

18.  I hereby agree to sleep wherever my Mistress Jessica dictates.  Also, I
hereby agree to never look at or touch my Mistress Jessica in a sexual way
unless she tells me to.



"Do you understand slave?" I nodded. "You will sleep in this cage in the corner
of my room.  You will always sleep in the cage, no matter where I decide to put
it.  You shall be locked into the cage by electronic lock, and I have the
remote.  You will not only be in here at night, but any other time that I do not
require your services and do not want you roaming the house.  Whenever the cage
unlocks, you are to come directly to me as soon as possible.  Now, into the
cage."  I crawled into it.  It was barely big enough for me to lay crouched in. 
I heard a buzz, then a click, and it was locked.  "You better be quiet in there,
because I will punish you most severely if you wake me up."

I lay as still as I possibly could, and tried to be comfortable.  This was going
to be harder than I thought.  My new goal was to please her as best I could to
avoid punishments.  I still loved her though.  She was only doing this because
she loved me and wanted to keep our relationship exciting, interesting and
active.  Before I fell asleep I wondered when the next time I would have sex
with her would be.



When I awoke the next morning, Mistress Jessica was already awake and out of the
room.  I shifted uncomfortably in the cage, my belt clanging against the metal
bars.  Mistress must have heard the noise, for there was a buzz, and the cage
door swung open.  I crawled out, and went to my Mistress as quickly as I could. 
I found her on the couch of the living room.  She was naked.  I remembered her
orders from the night before and averted my eyes.

"Good slave, you learn quickly.  Make me breakfast.  You have permission to
stand on your hind legs as you do so."

"Yes Mistress Jessica," I said, my eyes still averted.  I went to make her
breakfast.  I made her scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and orange juice and coffee. 
I put it on a tray and carried it out to her, my eyes fixed to the floor. 



She took the tray and began to eat without saying anything.  I wasn't expecting
a thank you, but I was expecting the next order.

Not getting one, I sank to my hands and knees and turned my back on her.  I
waited like that, silently, until she was finished eating. 

"You must be hungry as well, slave.  I don't really feel like getting you
something to eat though.  I know, let's begin a next phase in your training:
toilet slavery.  To start, I won't pee right into your mouth.  I'll just go in
your bowl for now."  She went to the corner of the kitchen where my dog bowl
was, and squatted over it.  She urinated in it.  "Now slave, come get your
breakfast."  She stood over me as I crawled to the bowl.  I hesitated, my head
poised over the bowl with its fowl contents.  My hesitation cost me though, as
my Mistress smacked my ass harshly with a spatula.  There was no pleasure
derived from this, only stinging pain.  It was motivation enough to put my head
down into the bowl and begin lapping at the pee.  It was sour and awful, but I
had to drink it.  Not only because my Mistress was watching, but because I knew
it was the only nourishment I would get for a while.  I finished in a few
minutes.

"Now slave, I bet you really need to relieve yourself now.  It's been more than
a day since you went to the bathroom.  Lets see how long you can hold it, ok?  I
will not let you piss or shit until after I eat dinner tonight.  If you go
beforehand, you might not get sexual release for a while."  I had to obey this. 
I needed sex, or at least an orgasm.  My body was so accustomed to having sex
every day that even after only two days without it, I was craving it very badly. 
Maybe she would let me out tonight if I held it in?

"I will do it, Mistress."  She patted my head.  She probably smiled, but my eyes
were averted from her nakedness.  This was beginning to become torture in
itself.  The woman I love, the woman I married, naked beside me, and I was no
allowed to look.

"I hope you do, for your sake," she said.  "Now slave, go upstairs and prepare a
bath for me.  Add plenty of bubbles.  Notify me when it is ready."

"Yes Mistress."  And I crawled upstairs to make her bath.  While she bathed, I
was ordered to remain crouched by the side of the tub, facing away from her. 
She used me as a towel rack, and as a stand for the radio she brought in.  She
bathed for about two hours, and I painfully remained still, my joints and
muscles protesting. 

I did manage to hold in my bowel movements all day.  During which time, I did a
few chores Mistress.  She seemed pleased by my speed, and patted me after each
job well done. 

Finally it was time for bed.  Mistress Jessica, instead of putting me in my
cage, called me up onto the bed.  She tied me spread eagle to the bedposts, my
lying on my back.  My Mistress wore only a bathrobe. 

"Now, lets take this belt off and see how your penis is doing."  She removed the
belt.  My penis remained very tiny.  It must be getting accustomed to its tiny
quarters.  "That small penis will never do for sex," my heart leapt, "let's see
if we can make it grow."  She got on the bed, still in her robe, and squatted
over my face.  I was expecting to eat her pussy, but I was wrong.  "Eat out my
asshole.  Prove your love by arousing both of us by tonguing out my ass."  She
lowered her ass onto my mouth.  It was a beautiful, tight asshole, and I went to
work on it immediately.  It tasted a bit like shit, but I soon got used to it,
thinking only of pleasuring my beloved Mistress and being allowed to have sex. 
I found myself becoming aroused by this action.  My dick grew and flopped onto
my stomach, not quite hard, but resuming its old size. 



Suddenly she lifted off of my face and stood up on the bed.  She undid her robe
and let it fall around her feet.  Her body was as gorgeous as ever.  Her nipples
were erect, so I must have been doing a good job on her ass.

Without speaking, she sat on my stomach and leaned forwards.  Her large full
breasts swayed closer and closer to my face.  She took them in her hands, and
gently rubbed her nipples against my face.  It felt very nice, and aroused me
greatly.  Her nipples came teasingly close to my mouth, but never quite touched
my lips.  When she saw that I was hard, she stopped.

"Let's begin slave by letting your penis rub against the outside my crotch."  I
gulped, and she slid down my body so that her dense pubic hair was on my penis. 
She did the moving, sliding forwards and back, allowing my penis to rub from the
tip of her labia to her navel.  I tried to buck a little with her motions,
moaning gently with pleasure and anticipation.  Then, she sat up and squatted
over my dick.  She picked u my cock and angled it at her pussy.  My Mistress
then began lowering herself towards my crotch.  My penis was an inch from
entering her when the phone rang.  Mistress hopped off the bed and picked up the
phone. 

"It's an important call slave, we'll have to do this another time."  She
replaced my belt, the phone held to her shoulder by her cheek.  She had to use
Ice to shrink my dick down to three inches.  Then she left, leaving me tied to
the bed and my penis re-trapped.  I groaned with disappointment, knowing it
could be a week before she allowed me to have sex..

Mistress came back in the room half an hour later.

"That was a friend.  We're going on a trip later in the week.  Well, it's a
shame we didn't get to the sex.  I bet you are very disappointed, especially
after your penis got to be big again.  We'd better have sex before that penis
says three inches for life, otherwise it won't be worth it!"  She smiled.  "Lets
try again in a month.  If you are a good slave, you will have sex in a month
from today.  However, I will add an extra week to that time for every time you
disobey me."  She untied me from the bed.  "Now, into the cage with you, you
will have a big day ahead of you tomorrow, full of chores.  You must get the
house ready for a guest!"



In three days, I had gotten the house ready for my Mistress' guest.  However,
during the three days I managed to get two extra weeks added to my sexless
sentence.  I accidently overturned my litter box, causing the basement to smell
for a while.  Then, I burned my Mistress' dinner.  For that, I received three
kicks to the balls, which left my crying.  She laughed as I, a grown man, cried
on the floor.  Mistress called me a pussy and a little girl, and I felt ashamed. 
I also felt that she was right.  A real man would not be in this position,
dominated by a woman.

Mistress' guest was a woman, not quite as beautiful as my Mistress, but still
slim and well rounded.  The guest, who's name was Anne, had recently suffered a
messy break with her husband.  Mistress Jessica had invited her over to help her
deal with it.

The first thing I had to do was serve lunch.  They had it outside in the back
garden.  When not serving them, I was chained to a nearby tree to a locking
collar around my neck by a twenty foot chain.  My main duty was to crouch in
front of the women, acting as a footrest for both of them.

"Really Anne, you must expect this kind of thing from men.  They don't know any
better.  When left on their own, they only break hearts.  That's why they must
be dominated, like slave here.  Don't you think you men deserve to be dominated,
slave?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Isn't life better for you when you have a woman in charge of you, and no
freedom of your own?"



"Yes it is, Mistress."  Anne was surprised by how obedient I was, how dominated. 

"Jessica, how long has be been your slave?"

"Only five days, and look at the progress he's made."  Anne was impressed.  "Say
Anne, I am going on a vacation in a few days.  How about if you stay here while
I'm gone and you will be able to fully test the obedience and humility of the
slave."

"Oh can I?  I'd be delighted to do it!"

Mistress Jessica's parting order was to obey Anne as I would her.  Mistress
Jessica took the keys to my belt because I was on a strict no-sex schedule. 
Mistress Anne took full advantage of me anyway.

"Now slave, I hear that you are toilet trained.  I will put this to the test. 
You will not be able to relieve yourself until your Mistress Jessica comes back. 
Also, you shall be my toilet every time I need to relieve myself.  That means
pee and shit, you understand?"

"Yes Mistress Anne."  My heart plummeted.  Four days without peeing or pooping,
and only getting those to eat.  Mistress Anne was going to be very strict
indeed.

I was constantly doing chores.  I hardly had a free moment to rest.  Even at
night, I was cleaning something or other.  One day, Anne had me weed the entire
garden from eight to eight with no break, while she sat on the covered porch,
drinking lemonade I made for her and watching TV. 

This was the third day, and my bladder and intestines were very full.  I decided
to sneak a piss and a shit as I weeded.  I chose my time as I was weeding the
part of the garden farthest from the porch.  I was also partly concealed by a
large shrubbery.  As I weeded, I relaxed my bladder and I peed.  It felt so
good.  She didn't see me either!  I decided to push my luck and take a poop.  I
squatted, pretending to be yanking on a very stubborn weed, and let the shit
come out.  I had done it!  I had pulled it off! 

Suddenly, the wind shifted.  It was now blowing from my position towards the
house!   Scrambled to bury the pee and the shit, but too late.  Mistress Anne
had smelled them.  She came running over to me with a leash in one hand, a horse
crop in the other.

"Why you foul, wicked, disobedient pussy-slave!"  She yelled at me.  She leashed
me, and began to drag me towards the house, beating me savagely with the crop. 
She too was bigger than me, and stronger.  In a few minutes I was tied spread
eagle on the bed in Mistress Jessica's room.  Mistress Anne had removed the
metal cover from over my balls.  She stood menacingly at the foot of the bed.

"I will punish you now with pain, and inform Mistress Jessica of your four rule
infractions.  You peed without permission, you pooped without permission, you
peed outside the litter box, and you pooped outside the litter box.  That's four
more weeks of no sex for you.  What are you up to now?  Two months and a week? 
It will be a wonder if you ever have sex again, slave!  No for the pain."  She
began to brutally whip my exposed testicles with the crop.  The pain was beyond
belief.  I yelled with each blow, and was bawling like a baby after the first
three.  She kept going, laughing and swinging harder, as I cried and struggled. 
I blacked out after fifteen hits.

I was revived by a different type of pain in my testicles.  I looked at my
crotch.  Mistress Anne had put away the crop, and was now piercing my scrotum
with pins.  They drew little blood, but caused a dull, throbbing pain.  When my
balls resembled sea urchins, she locked them away inside the ball cover of the
chastity belt so I could not remove the pins.

"That should make you obey for a good long time.  You deserved every lash of the
crop, and every pin in your scrotum, don't you agree slave?"

"Yes, Mistress Anne, every one."  I gasped through new tears of pain.  Mistress
Anne then released me from the bed, and fed me her piss and shit, straight from
her body.



Drinking piss right from the hole required me to be on hands and knees, head
tilted way up to Mistress Anne's vulva.  He grasped my hair and held my head in
place as the pee squirted out and into my mouth.  It was warmer than lapping it
out of a bowl, and I had to swallow quickly so it didn't overflow my mouth. 

Eating shit was another matter.  I lay on my back on the floor, and she sat on
my mouth, much like Mistress Jessica did when I first ate out her asshole.  This
time, however, my mouth was wide open to accept the chunks of feces.  It was
disgusting. I wanted to puke the whole time, and the smell...I managed to eat it
all only because Mistress Anne promised me more pain than she had dealt out
before if I left any trace of shit on her ass or in my mouth.  This threat, and
the threat of an extension of my sexless sentence was enough to keep my stomach
down, though it tried several times to regurgitate. 

That night, locked in my cage, I began to wonder why I ever agreed to be a
slave.  But my love for Mistress Jessica still managed to outweigh all of the
punishment and torture.



"Slave, come here!"  Mistress Jessica beckoned me to sit at her feet.  "Do you
know what day it is?  It's the day you get to have sex!  It's been two months
and a week already.  Didn't time just fly by?"  She seemed happy.  For me, time
had crawled by, and I was tortured every second of it.

"Up you get, slave, and lie on your back."  Again I was bound spread eagle on
her bed.  The belt was removed.  My tiny penis stayed tiny.  Mistress Jessica
had me eat out her ass again.

"You know what to do, slave, show me how much you love me and want to have sex." 
I did.  I licked the anus with the fervor of any sex starved man willing to
endure the taste of shit for sex.  This time, I managed to make her moan and
buck a bit while tonguing into her anus.  When done, I noticed that my erect
penis was only six inches long, half of its original erect length.

Mistress Jessica knelt between my legs and lowered her face to my penis.  She
took it in her hand, and rubbed it against her face.  A few times she fooled me
into thinking I was going to receive oral sex, but she just bit the foreskin
painfully and removed it from her mouth again.  A drop or two of pre-cum formed
at the tip.

"You know slave, I'm feeling very tired.  I haven't been getting much sleep
lately because I've been out late so much.  I'm not really in the mood for sex. 
Also, your licking of my anus aroused me so much, and my bucking wore me out
even more.  That anal arousal was all I needed tonight.  Sex won't be good at
all if I'm not in the mood, right slave?"

"No, it won't.  Just get some rest Mistress.  I can wait."  What was I saying!? 
Mistress Jessica smiled at me.

"I'm glad to know that I have such a considerate slave.  Thank you for
understanding.  I think we shall test this caring and understanding by not
having sex for a full year.  Can you do that?"

"Yes Mistress," I said, very reluctantly.  She heard the reluctancy in my voice. 
As she untied me and locked me in the cage, belt on once more, she said:

"I promise that when we have sex in a year it will be the best that we ever had. 
Isn't that a nice thing for you to look forward to?"        

"It is Mistress."  She got into bed and turned out the light.





During the next year, Mistress Jessica spent lots of time out of the house.  She
made frequent visits to friends and family, even spending weeks at a time on
cruises.  When she was away for long periods of time, Mistress Anne and other
friends would "slave-sit" me.  This involved teasing, torturing, and sometimes
hurting me for no reason.  They made me do extremely strenuous chores. 
Sometimes two or more would give me orders at once, and then they would hurt me
severely because I didn't do them correctly, or fast enough, or just forgot
altogether.  The Mistresses, including Mistress Jessica, decided that I was
unfit for human or dog food, and my diet consisted 100% of their excrement. 
This meant that I was malnourished the whole time.

Mistress Jessica had me fitted with a butt plug.  It was permanent, with a hole
in the center for my poop.  The plug was to cause me a slight pain at all times
to make me more obedient.  Also the butt plug featured a dog tail, so I looked
more like a dog.  They all also started treating me like a dog.  They whistled
for me, kicked me when bad and scratched me behind the ears when good.  They
even ordered me to only make dog sounds for weeks on end.  I also got a
permanent collar with license.  Mistress Jessica also put a choke chain around
my neck, and it was to this that she attached her leash to when she took me on
walks around the yard.  She also decided that I was to be housebroken, no longer
using the litter box.  From then on, I had to wait to go to the bathroom until
whichever Mistress around took me on my walk.  This sometimes only happened once
a week, and I had to painfully hold in my excrement.  I did not make the mistake
of going to the bathroom inside.  Mistress Anne was waiting for that to happen,
and sometimes beat me for not disobeying orders. 

Finally the year was up. 

After sex, Mistress Jessica was leaving on a two month vacation to Europe. The
other Mistresses were there to help pack.  However, after I ate out Mistress
Jessica's anus, my erection was only three inches long.  My penis had been
formed to fit the belt perfectly.  Mistress Jessica called the other Mistresses
into her room.

"Jessica, I don't think it's worth it," said Mistress Anne, doubtfully.  "It's
just too small, and it would be better if you left for your plane now.  There's
bound to be a big line."

"I feel kind of bad.  He has been without sex for a year, and I promised him
tonight would be a night of great sex."  Mistress Jessica looked a little sad. 
She held my penis in her hand.  It was just small enough so she could grab the
entire length of it.

"Jessica, It doesn't matter what you promised the dog.  It's a slave, you can
break promises.  It has no right to have sex with you anyway.  It can wait five
years."

"Five years!" I blurted out.  I was breaking so many rules right now.  "Hasn't
it been hard enough for you to go one year?  How can you go another five?"  The
Mistresses looked horrified.  Soon they calmed down.  Mistress Jessica's
expression became smug and slightly evil.

"You have gone a year without sex, but I haven't.  Haven't you been wondering
where I have been going slave?  Every single time I left this house, I have had
sex.  With one man, too.  His name is Paul, and he is infinitely better a man
than you ever were.  I thought you knew I was having sex.  Jeez, I guess you are
dumber than I thought you were.  You've got to be pretty dumb to willingly
become a slave."  I was struck dumb.  I couldn't say anything until Mistress
Jessica was hours into her flight, and then all I could say was 'five years.'



Five years seemed like twenty five.  During that time, Mistress Jessica married
Paul, who became Master Paul.  He was delighted to have a pussy dog slave.  He
treated me just as bad as the Mistresses did.  The worst punishment he performed
on me was to tell me about all the stuff he did with Mistress Jessica,
especially all the great sex they had. 



Sometime during the five years, I gave up hope for sex.  I stopped craving it. 
I accepted that my penis was useless, and may as well not be there.  I had
completely forgotten what sex was like by the time five years were up.

"Well Fido, five years are up.  I will finally have sex with you."  Mistress
Jessica was naked on her bed, and I was seated at her feet.  "Climb up and be
tied down."  I was tied spread eagle on the bed for the first time in five
years.  Mistress Jessica removed my chastity belt.  My penis was very short and
shriveled. 

"Do you remember how to eat out my ass, Fido?"  Mistress Jessica lowered her
anus onto my mouth.  Her body, anus and all, still seemed as young and supple as
it had when I was first enslaved.  I worked hard, but not lustily.  My tongue
probed her anus because it had to, not because of what may come next.  It took a
long time for me to arouse her.  She looked at my penis.  It was still flaccid. 

"Does this mean you don't want sex, Fido?  You know, I don't need to have sex
with you again, and if you don't want to either, that's all the better."

"I do, I do want sex.  Please, don't lock me up without sex, help me get erect!"
I pleaded so pitifully, but I meant every word with all my heart.

"Ok, lets see what we can do."  She tried all the old teases: my penis near her
mouth, external rubbing in her pubic hair, her nipples near my mouth, but
nothing got me erect.  She even tried rubbing it on her anus-not actually
entering it of course, but nothing worked.

"Well Fido, it seems that even if your mind wants sex, your body doesn't.  And
if it doesn't want sex now, it never will want it again.  I think it's time to
lock you up forever."

"Oh, you wouldn't do that Mistress, would you?  I beg you.  I need my release. 
I can't imagine my penis locked up forever.  Grant me the favor of sex, please. 
Mistress?"  She was watching my penis.  It was growing, and becoming hard.  It
was if the thought of permanent chastity actually turned me on!

"I think you like that idea.  It's arousing you more than you've ever been. 
Look, your dick is back to twelve inches."  Sure enough, my dick was back to
what it once was.

"Hurry Mistress Jessica, please have se with me before it softens again."

"Fido, you don't want sex, don't you understand?"  Mistress Jessica was very
serious, trying to explain this to me.  "Sex is not turning you on.  You have no
desire what so ever to have sex.  Your penis does not want my vagina, it wants a
life sentence."  She was picking up the chastity belt.

"No Mistress, oh god, no, please, I beg you, oh god, not this, Mistress Jessica
please have sex with me!" 

"Fido, I know that you are not much smarter than a dog now.  Let me explain to
you what your own body is telling you, that you can't seem to understand. 
Having sex with me now would not end your torment.  It would only prolong it. 
You do not want sex.  You don't need sex.  Understand?  Tell me you understand." 
I nodded.

I, I understand, Mistress."



"Good, I guess even old dogs learn new tricks.  But you see, your lack of sex
has eliminated your need and desire for it.  Just now, you were turned on by the
threat of permanent chastity that your penis reached it's biggest size in six
years.  That can only mean one thing.  Your body-which seems to be much smarter
than your mind-craves eternal lack of sex.  It's the thrill of knowing that you
have a penis, but can never use it.  The fact that six years ago you made the
wrong decision and there is no way out excites you.  You derive sexual pleasure
from the thought that soon my control of your penis will be complete, and I will
chose to bury it like a family treasure.  That's very sweet of you Fido.  You
will be giving me your most valued posession, and I will lock it away as if it
was nothing.  It is nothing, and these thoughts arouse and excite me even more
than they do you.  Don't you want me to be happy for the rest of my life?"

"Yes Mistress, your happiness is all that matters to me."  She had convinced me,
and I was willing to give her my penis, to treasure forever.

"I have a present for you in return."  She said.  She got out a pin cushion. 
She then pierced my penis all over with the pins, each one going all the way
though.  This shrank my dick back to a floppy three inches.  The penis flesh was
barely visible through all of the pins.

"Ok Fido, the moment you have been waiting for."  She belted me again, my penis
disappearing forever.  "Bye bye penis, Fido, say goodbye to Penis."

"Bye penis." I said softly.  Mistress Jessica then took out a blow torch.  She
melted the key into the main lock, then melted all of the locking mechanisms
solid.  For extra security, she got more metal and melted it all over the crotch
of the belt.  Where my penis had been six years ago, there was now a solid blob
of metal, with the end of a tube sticking out of it for my urine.

"It's all done slave.  No more promises of sex after a certain duration.  Now
you know that you will never have sex again.  You lost your manhood.  You have
no gender now.  Of course, now there is no incentive or you to obey orders is
there?"

"Yes, I still love you, and cannot imagine life without you."

"Awe, that's so sweet slave.  Well, I'm afraid that Paul and I can imagine life
without you.  You see, I don't love you anymore, understand?  I actually don't
know what to do with you.  Should I give you to Mistress Anne?  Or keep you in
the basement or what?"

"Mistress Jessica, please, let me stay near you.  Let me continue to serve you." 
Throughout all of this, I was still bound on her bed.

"No.  Slave, no.  Your torture will not be complete if you are allowed to see
me--"

"Then make me blind, Mistress, but let me stay with you."

"You would really let me deny you the sight of me, just so you stay near me?"

"Yes, Mistress Jessica, anything to stay near you."



Ten years passed, then I dictated this story to Master Paul, and he wrote it
down.  I dictated the story to him from the basement of his and Mistress
Jessica's house, where I have been ever since the sealing of my penis.  I said I
would do anything to stay near Mistress Jessica, so she installed me in the
basement.  My eyes have been removed and lids sewn shut.  My arms have been
welded behind my back-stuck in a solid rectangle of metal.  My permanent collar
has been chained to the wall of the basement on a ten foot chain, allowing me to
stand, sit or lay down.  My feet have been shackled together, then the shackles
welded shut.  They too are chained to the wall. 

The only contact I have had with Mistress Jessica has been eating her pee and
shit occasionally.  Other than that, she has not touched me.  Sometimes she
comes and sits down near me, talking to me.  But whenever this happens, I am
gagged.  She said this was part of my ultimate denial torture.  I yearn to speak
to her, but cannot.  I would thank her for all that she has done to me, and
would let her know that I always have loved her, and always will love her.

Sometimes she jokes about cutting off the chastity belt to see what my penis
looks like now.  I wriggle violently and plead through my gag, trying to get her
to know that I want that, but I don't know if I do want that.  I give her
pleasure by not being able to feel any myself, and that thought can sustain me
for the rest of my life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dan Butler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





