BDSM Library - Sheena Defeated




Sheena Defeated
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Queen of the Jungle discovers it really IS a jungle out there.
Sheena Defeated



by Torrent



	"Good looking, ain't she?" said Louie, nodding toward the dark-haired
young woman lying spread-eagle in the jungle clearing.

	"Yes, quite," said the Brit. "But forgettable. Sheena is different. Once
you've seen her, you'll never forget her." He wiped his round, flabby face with
a large white handkerchief. The heat was unbearable. He wondered how his
grandfather, who had been in Central Africa with the Colonial Service in the
'30s, could have stood it.

	The woman moaned and tugged at the bonds that secured her wrists and
ankles. A small, untidy man had been looking down at her intently. Now he used
her return to consciousness as an excuse to kick her in the side.  She groaned
and flinched. He prepared to kick her again, but the Brit called out, "Enough of
that, Dooley. We want her in reasonably good shape. When you go after a jungle
goddess, you need live bait."

	"Dooley's a good man with electronics, but he's hell on women," said
Louie, in a soft North Carolina drawl. "Last night, he and a couple of the
others raped that poor girl ragged. If our little Miss Rosie really is Sheena's
girlfriend, we're going to have one highly pissed blonde superheroine on our
hands."

	"Yes, Sheena will be 'pissed,' as you put it," said the Brit. "But it
really won't make any difference. She is extraordinary, but 'superheroine' is a
bit of a stretch. A dose of  K24 will do to her what it would do to you or to
any of us - knock her out cold for at least half an hour. After that, there will
be seven of us and only one of her. And finally, though I hope it doesn't come
to this, she is as vulnerable to bullets as any creature of flesh and blood."

	Louie scratched his balls and thought as deeply as he was capable of
thinking.

	"If she's as smart as you say, why should she walk into our trap?"

	"Because we're smarter," said the Brit, with a skeptical glance at his
huge young partner. "I've left just enough clues to lead her here, but they're
not so obvious that she'll suspect an ambush." He looked at his watch, then
added, "You're in charge, Louie. I'm going back to camp for tea."

	He disappeared into the bush, and the woman on the ground started
moaning again.

	"His Majesty's gone," said Dooley. "Can I pop her again?"

	Louie knelt over the woman and slipped a beefy hand beneath her khaki
shorts. Her eyes fluttered open as he massaged her vulva.

	"She likes it," said Dooley, with a crooked grin. "I think she liked it
last night, too."

	"Yeah, right," said Louie, removing his hand and licking his fingers.
"She liked it so much you had to gag her to stifle the screams."

	Dooley was hurt. "Her trying to scream didn't mean she didn't like what
we was doing. We just didn't want to wake up the goddamn Brit."

	Louie rubbed his chin. "Okay, you've got forty minutes. Do whatever you
want, but don't leave any marks."

	As he rose, he looked down. The woman was awake, her eyes filled with
fear.

	"Sorry, Rosie," he said softly, "but these boys are lonely and far, far
from home. And besides, you ain't got long to live. Pretty soon, it'll all be
over."





# # #



	

	Ten hours later, at two o'clock in the morning, it was Louie's watch. He
wore earphones and sat hunched over a pair tiny TV screens. Two miles away,
where Rosie lay stretched out in the moonlight, cameras mounted in the trees and
microphones hidden in the bushes were silent sentinels.

	The Brit seemed to have a pretty smart plan, Louie admitted to himself.
Sheena would see and hear no sign of an ambush when she showed up.

	If  she showed up. Louie was doubtful. His experience with good-looking
blondes, though limited, didn't jibe with the Brit's assessment of Sheena's
intelligence. She could be wandering hopelessly upriver in the jungle. Hell, she
might still be back in Basoko, wondering if Rosie had simply ditched her and
taken a bus to Kisangani. Lawton's trail of "clues" looked awfully hard to
follow - an empty canteen dropped here, a pair of bloody panties left there, no
two clues any closer than a mile apart.

	His musings were interrupted by a sound. Did it come through the
earphones, or was it something here in camp? He looked around. Nothing. Everyone
was asleep. Then he heard it again. It sounded like twigs breaking. His eyes
darted back to the TV monitors. There it was: a shadowy form emerging from the
brush at the edge of the clearing. But it wasn't Sheena.

	It wasn't anything human.

	"Mr. Lawton," Louie called out. "we got a problem."

	Within seconds, the Brit was peering over Louie's shoulder. Dooley
quickly joined him.

	"What is it?" Dooley asked.

	"A panther," Lawton said quietly. "A black leopard."

	"Is it going to eat her?" Dooley asked hopefully.

	"It had damned well better not," said the Brit. "Or I'll hunt down the
bloody beast and skin it for a rug."

	On the TV screens, they could watch, from two different angles, as the
dark cat sniffed the woman's right foot, then worked its way up her leg to her
crotch.

	"Yeah, kittycat," said Dooley, "I'd like a whiff of that, too."

	"Shut up, you bloody fool," snapped Lawton. "Louie, you stay here." 	
He turned and called out, "Michael, Gene, Akbar, get the BXP's and come with me.
Tremain, keep watch over the gear."

	"What about me?" asked Dooley.

	"Stay here and be ready to use the hot button," said the Brit. "But only
if the beast actually attacks her. You understand?"

	"Sure," said Dooley.

	He and Louie resumed watching the TV screens.

	"Christ, I wish we had this on tape," said Dooley. "A fuckin' panther
eatin' a girl. How much you think people would pay for that?"



# # #



	But the panther, though hungry and clearly interested in this
immobilized, 122-pound piece of fresh meat, did not begin eating Rosie. It
explored her body with its nose and its tongue. Something wasn't right. The cat
sniffed the metal locket that lay on the ground, at the end of a leather cord
around the woman's neck. It had a peculiar odor. Then, in the woman's hair, and
on her lips, there was another scent - faint and old, but familiar. The panther
had encountered it a few months ago. It belonged to another animal like this
one, a human female. But she hadn't been helpless like this one. Far from it.

	Suddenly, the cat realized it wasn't alone. Something was observing it
from beneath the trees. The panther crouched and prepared to defend its prey.

	"We meet again, Black One," said Sheena, as she stepped into the
moonlight. "You were wise not to harm her. Now, you must return to the forest.
This is no meal for you."

	The big cat hesitated, growled - and retreated. It wanted no fight with
this creature who carried a long metal tooth at her side.

	Sheena knelt beside Rosie and softly caressed her cheek.

	"Your ordeal is over, my love," she whispered. "The men who did this to
you will pay with their lives."



	# # #





	Louie and Dooley watched with mouths agape. Sheena, the semi-mythical
jungle queen, had appeared, after all. The blonde hair, the long legs, the
leopard-skin bikini - here was everything Lawton had led them to expect. And
even in the dim light of a half moon, they could see that she was spectacularly
beautiful.

	Dooley broke their reverie. "She's talkin'. What's she sayin'?"

	"She's telling Rosie that she's going to kick some serious ass when she
catches up with us. Which should be soon, since Lawton and the others are on the
way there. What about the button?

	"I got it," said Dooley.

	"Well, push the fucking thing."

	"Not yet," said Dooley. "Not til she's closer to the locket. We want to
be damn sure we nail her."

	"Hell," said Louie. "She's moving away. We're going to miss our chance."

	Sheena was standing now, and seemed to be listening. She must have heard
the men crashing through the jungle in a rush to rescue Rosie from the panther.

	"What should we do?" Louie asked, a note of desperation in his voice.

	"Just wait a bit," said Dooley. "She'll try to get her little lesbo
bitch free so they can make a run for it. Then, bingo!"

	Dooley was right. Sheena again knelt beside Rose. She pulled her knife
from its sheath at her waist and cut the leather thong that held Rosie's right
wrist to a stake in the ground.

	Before moving on, Sheena couldn't resist bending down and brushing her
lips against Rosie's.

	It was a fatal kiss.

	Dooley pressed the red button on the transmitter. Two miles away, the
locket lying next to Rosie exploded.

	Sheena recoiled, stunned by the sudden loud noise. In horror, she saw
blood gushing from Rosie's right ear. Then the powerful tranquilizing gas
released from the rocket reached her, and she toppled backward.

	Lawton and the others arrived seconds later. Akbar rushed forward,
raising his assault rifle and preparing to bring the butt down on Sheena's
upturned face.

	"Stay back," Lawton roared. He had warned the men not to damage the
jungle girl. It would hurt her price on the market. And he had also warned them
about the K24. If they moved in too quickly, the gas would disable them, along
with the intended target.

	Overexcited, Akbar had ignored both warnings. Now, rifle raised, he
hesitated, staggered backward and sank to his knees. He glanced at Lawton, with
a look of shame and confusion, then dropped the gun and toppled forward on top
of Sheena, like a fallen lover.

	Lawton gestured to Michael and Gene to stay clear of this touching
scene.

	"How long before it disperses?" asked Gene.

	"A minute or two," said Lawton. "Then we'll get cuffs on our prize, and
you can try to revive Akbar, the poor, dumb bastard."

	"She's moving," Michael said nervously.

	Sure enough, Sheena was squirming beneath Akbar. She pushed him off of
her, sat up groggily and shook her head.

	"Quite extraordinary," Lawton muttered to himself. Then, in a louder
voice, "Take a deep breath, men, then hold it. Rush her and drag her over here."

	Gene and Michael charged the blonde just as she had gotten to her feet.
Michael grabbed her from behind, pinning her elbows together. Gene slammed his
fist into her belly.

	Her knees buckled, and she made a retching sound.

	Michael picked her up, tossed her over his shoulder and hurried over to
Lawton.

	"Lay her down," said the Brit. He handcuffed her wrists behind her, then
rolled her over onto her back.

	The three men looked at her silently for a long time.

	"What a body," Gene finally said.

	"What a mouth," said Michael.

	"What a very expensive piece of merchandise," said Lawton. "Remember, we
didn't come all this way just for a piece of ass or a jungle blow job. She is
worth ten million quid if we get her to our buyer alive and in good shape."

	"So, no fucking?" Michael said sadly.

	"Quite right. No fucking."

	"And no rough stuff?" asked Gene.

	"Right again. No rough stuff."

	"Dooley's going to be very disappointed," said Gene.

	"Your friend Dooley can go fuck himself," Lawton snapped.

	"Or Rosie," suggested Gene. "He can fuck Rosie. She can be the
consolation prize. You know, until we get back near to civilization and have to
get rid of her."

	"Is she still alive?" Lawton asked.

	Michael walked over to the woman who was to be Dooley's plaything and
pressed two fingers against her neck.

	"Still pumping," he said. "But probably not for long."




Chapter 2



	It was a little past daybreak, and the men had slept only a few hours.
But they were wide awake now and ready to examine their prize. Lawton barked out
orders: "No, by her wrists. Then loop the rope over that limb. We want her
stretched as tightly as possible. That's right."

	Sheena was soon strung up, with her legs spread and her ankles secured
to stakes driven into the ground. She had been stripped, and her body, wet with
sweat from resisting her captors, glistened in the sunlight that filtered down
through the forest.

	Louie whistled. "Jesus, she is really fine," he said.

	"Yes, quite lovely," said Lawton, running his hand along Sheena's arm
and down to her left breast. "Excellent muscle tone. A few battle scars, but
otherwise in top-notch condition."

	Sheena's head nodded forward. They had drugged her when she put up a
fight. Now she struggled just to remain conscious.

	"Can you hear me, my dear?" Lawton said loudly. She looked up.

	"This scar," he said, pointing to her shoulder, "how did you get  it?"

	Sheena mumbled a response.

	"Sorry, my dear, but I didn't catch that."

	"Salonga," she said softly.

	"Ah, yes," said Lawton. "Salonga." He turned to Louie. "It's a national
park, on the other side of the river, about two hundred kilometers south of
here. Looks like a bullet wound. Who did it? Poacher?"

	Sheena nodded.

	"And this?" Lawton asked, running his fingers along four parallel white
lines that ran from her lower back, around her waist almost to her navel.

	"Cat," said Sheena.

	"Leopard?"

	She nodded again.

	"In Salonga?"

	She shook her head. "Ituri."

	Lawton turned to the men. His face was filled with pride.

	"What did I tell you?" he said. "We have captured a true heroine, a
woman of rare courage and strength, as well as beauty."

	He looked up at the sky. "But enough gloating. Time for a good
breakfast, then we break camp and begin our journey."

	"You want me to untie her?" Louie asked.

	"No, leave her here for the moment," said Lawton. He smiled at her. It
was a kind, solicitous smile. "We'll be back shortly, my dear, and we'll bring
you a scone, if you promise to behave."

	They wandered off - all but Dooley.

	He stepped out of the shadows and cupped his hand under Sheena's chin.  	

	"Morning, cunt," he said softly. "Who needs breakfast when there's hot
pussy just hanging here?" He slid his hand down to her crotch and pushed three
dirty fingers into her vagina.

	"Why . . . do you do this?" Sheena asked. Her voice was just a whisper.

	"Because I want to."

	"No, why have you captured me?" 

	"Oh, that. Because we can sell you for a lot of money. You know about
money, don't you, sweetheart?"

	Sheena knew about money. She knew how it drove men crazy - just as her
body drove them crazy.

	"Do what you want with me," she said. "But let my friend go."

	"You don't understand," said Dooley. "We're going to do what we want
with and with your lesbo lover. And what's going to happen to her will be just .
. . ."

	He paused, grinned, and said, " . . . too fucking awful for words."

	Sheena closed her eyes. She wore the look of someone beyond hope.

	Dooley stepped behind her and unzipped his pants. Then he put his arms
around her. He pinched and twisted her nipples until she cried out in pain. Then
he slid one hand down her belly and massaged her vulva.

	She struggled and moaned.

	"You like it, don't you bitch?" he whispered in her ear. "Just like your
little cunt, Rosie. She liked it when I twisted her tits and rubbed her pussy,
too."

	"Please," Sheena begged.

	Dooley jammed his hardened prick into her moistened vagina. Her body
stiffened, then trembled.

	He fucked her slowly, all the while whispering words of abuse. And when
he came, he bit the back of her neck until he tasted blood.





# # #



	Lawton was furious. Had he not needed Dooley's technical expertise, he
would have ejected him from their party and let him try to find his way back to
civilization on his own. Instead, he whacked Dooley across the face with a
riding crop.

	None of the men except Gene was close to Dooley, but they all agreed
that striking a man in the face broke an unwritten rule. What's more, it invited
trouble. Dooley was difficult under the best of circumstances. Now, he'd be
looking for his chance at revenge.

	He didn't have to wait long.




Chapter 3



	

	It was Lawton himself who provided the means for Dooley to get even.
They had been making slow progress through the jungle, when the Brit called a
halt. Then, ignoring the rules he had set for the others, he took advantage of a
few moments alone with Sheena to remove her halter and lick her splendid
nipples. He didn't know he was being observed by Akbar and Gene, who quickly
reported the news to Dooley.

	To make matters worse, much worse, for Lawton, Dooley had bugged the
Brit's satellite radio and had recorded several interesting conversations.

	So the confrontation, when it came, found Lawton with only one sure
ally, Michael, a fellow Brit.

	They sat around a campfire in a clearing near the river. Dooley waved
his hand toward Sheena and Rosie, who were tied together on the river bank.

	"These two cunts, they don't mean nothin' to me, Lawton. I'd as soon
snuff  'em as fuck 'em. But the blonde is the big lottery ticket, and I don't
want to queer the payoff."

	"Kind of you," Lawton said dryly.

	"But here's the deal," Dooley continued. "We know you've been foolin'
around with this jungle honey, while tellin' the rest of us to keep hands off."

	Lawton, who was sitting on a fallen log, straightened up with a look of
indignation.

	"That's a dirty lie," he said.

	"Yeah. Well, tell it to Akbar and Gene. They seen you chowing down on
her tits."

	"That's right," said Gene. Akbar nodded his assent.

	"Do I detect a whiff of mutiny here?" Lawton asked.

	Dooley snorted. "Whiff? What you detect, mother-fucker, is a whole
shit-load of mutiny!"

	"Well, so what if I licked her lovely titties?" said the Brit. "I did no
damage. She's as good as new - which we all know wouldn't be the case if you had
a few minutes with her. The point, after all, is ensure that she's sold for our
asking price."

	"Yeah, well, that brings me to my next point," said Dooley. He pulled a
tape recorder out of his backpack. "We're all supposed to be in this thing
together. All for one and one for all, right? But here's you talking to your
pals back in Kisangani."

	He punched the play button, and a voice that was tinny but unmistakably
Lawton's said, "I don't think we'll get there any sooner than Tuesday. We're
still in the jungle. After that, we'll be coming up the Opala Road in three Land
Rovers. Michael, I and the package will be in one. The others will be
following."

	Another voice said, "Check. You'll be in the lead."

	"Right," said Lawton. "At the market, there will be a lot of congestion.
All you have to do is block the road with a truck after we get through. I don't
need much time - five or ten minutes at the most."

	"Do we kill them?" asked the other voice.

	"No. I don't want any bloodshed if you can possibly avoid it. Just slow
them down. Five minutes or so, and we'll at the airstrip. Julian is bringing in
the Aeronca."

	"And the girl . . . ."

	"The package," Lawton corrected.

	"The package. You've got it?"

	"We've got it."

	Dooley stopped the recording.

	"This was Lawton talking this morning," he said quietly. "He was
planning to cut us out of the action." He turned to face Lawton. "You were going
to fuck us, you British mother-fucker."

	Lawton made a wry face. "Don't you know it isn't polite to eavesdrop on
private conversations?"

	"So what do we do, gentlemen?" Dooley asked.

	"We kill the son of a bitch," snarled Gene. "And Michael, too."

	Louie tried to calm things down. "Listen," he said. "Lawton tried to
screw us. That's clear. But he's the only one who knows the buyer. Without him,
we don't have shit."

	"Wrong," said Dooley. "We've got the jungle cunt. We'll find a buyer on
our own."

	"Oh, right," Louie said sarcastically. "You hang around with lots of
billionaires with kinky tastes."

	The discussion dragged on for half an hour, until Louie agreed to throw
in his lot with Dooley.

	"Okay, you're right," he said wearily. "We can't trust him. So we'll
take the girl and do the best we can to unload her."

	"After we kill Lawton and Michael," Dooley said with a crooked smile.

	"No, we ain't going to kill them," said Louie. "You heard what the Brit
said on the radio. He told whoever he was working with not to shoot us -
leastways, not if they could avoid it. Well, let's give him the same break he
was going to give us. We take Sheena and all the guns and equipment."

	"And Michael and I?" said Lawton.

	"You get a knife apiece and a can of mosquito spray. And you can have,
Rosie, too, for amusement. If you're as smart as you think you are, you should
be able to figure out how to get out of this fucking jungle."

	Michael turned pale. "We'll never make it," he said.

	"You'll have knives," Louie said. "Carve yourselves a fucking canoe."



# # #



	With Lawton out of the way, leadership of the party fell by default to
Louie. He was the biggest, physically, and though no one ever accused him of
being smart, he had common sense. Dooley, his only potential contender, was full
of angry energy that made the others uneasy.

	Louie knew this energy could be useful, if he could figure out how to
keep Dooley focused on the task at hand: getting out of the jungle, finding the
Rovers, then finding a buyer for the babe. This meant he'd have to make some
concessions. The most crucial was allowing Dooley to sexually torment Sheena.
Dooley would have to understand that he couldn't get too rough. But so long as
he inflicted no permanent damage, Sheena was his to play with.

	Trouble was, Sheena was taller and stronger than Dooley, and despite the
handcuffs and the drugs they kept injecting into her, she might be difficult to
handle. Louie tried to explain this to Dooley as they followed the river east.

	"What, you think I can't handle the bitch?" Dooley asked angrily. "All I
want is twenty minutes alone with her the next time we stop. I don't want you
around. I don't want Gene or Akbar or Tremain around, either. Just me and the
cunt."

	Louie looked up into the sky, then at his watch. "Hell," he said. "It's
too goddamn hot. We'll break now. There's clouds moving in. Maybe we'll a little
rain." He dropped the packed tent he was carrying and unhitched his backpack.
"Gene, Akbar, we're taking a break. Dooley's gonna have a little fun with Jungle
Bitch."

	They watched as Dooley shoved Sheena from behind. "Move, cunt," he
barked. Her wrists were shackled behind her, and Dooley held the end of a nylon
rope that was looped around her neck. They disappeared into the forest, headed
toward the river.

	"I got a bad feeling about this," Gene said.

	"Gotta cut him a little slack, Gene," said Louie. "I don't want him
exploding on us."

	

	

(To be continued.)




Chapter 4



	Separated again from Rosie, Sheena had given up hope. She thought she
was beyond fear, as well, but now she discovered she was wrong.

	It wasn't the small, foul-smelling man behind her that frightened her.
It was what lay ahead: the river.

	She was accustomed to danger. She had faced the jungle's fiercest
predators. Some she had defeated in battle. Some she had stared down. Some she
had even befriended.

	But the river toward which she and this evil little man were headed was
the home of creatures that could not be intimidated, could not be negotiated
with, and could not be defeated - at least not without high-powered guns. And
she had nothing, not even a knife. Already, she could hear their low voices.

	Without realizing it, she had slowed her pace, and now Dooley slammed a
fist into her kidneys.

	"Keep moving, bitch," he barked.

	She stumbled forward, then turned to face him.

	"Where do you take me?"

	"I told you, cunt, we're going for a swim. Ever been fucked underwater?
You're gonna love it."

	She started to answer him, but he cut her short with a vicious punch to
the belly. She fell to her knees, and he strode past her, through the brush, to
the river bank.

	"Here we are, sweetheart," he said cheerfully. "Last one in is a rotten
egg."

	He yanked the rope and dragged her by the neck to the edge of the river.
Even as she fought to breathe, she heard the low, reptilian voices - full of
excitement, and hunger.

	Dooley bent over her and loosened the rope around her neck. "Don't want
you choking to death on me, honey," he said. "That would spoil all the fun."

	Her hands were useless, but her legs were free. She quickly brought up
one knee and smashed it into the side of Dooley's head. He toppled into the
water, and she scrambled back onto her feet.

	Dooley came out of the river roaring with anger - just in time to catch
a kick in the face.

	Again, he was in the water. Blood spurted from his nose, which had been
flattened by the force of the blow. He wore a look of surprise and dismay.

	Sheena had no intention of allowing him to gather his senses. As he
tried to pull himself out of the river, she kicked out again, but missed.
Suddenly, she found herself off balance and fell onto her back.

	Now, it was Dooley's turn to use his legs. He raised a booted foot, then
slammed it into Sheena's exposed stomach. She groaned and curled up on her side.
He kicked her savagely in the back.

	"Fuckin' bitch," he screamed. "You broke my fuckin' nose." Again and
again, he kicked her. Then he grabbed the rope, leaped into the river and pulled
her in after him.

	The water momentarily revived her, and she struggled to escape. But with
her wrists bound and Dooley squeezing her throat and pressing all his weight on
her, the situation was hopeless. For twenty seconds, thirty seconds, forty
seconds she held her breath. They stared at one another, their faces no more
than two feet apart, hers underwater, his dripping blood into the river. Then
she could hold no longer, and her breath came rushing out in a fury of bubbles.

	The air was replaced by water, which quickly filled her lungs. Her body
shuddered, then her eyes rolled back and she went limp.

	"Good-bye, bitch," Dooley said hoarsely.

	They were his last words. The crocodile had glided up to him unnoticed.
Now, with a quickness that belied its great size, it lunged forward and snapped
its jaws shut on Dooley's head.

	The croc retreated slowly backward, into the river, its stateliness
marred only by Dooley's wildly thrashing arms and legs. Then, it and Dooley
disappeared, leaving only ripples on the surface of the greenish-brown water.



# # #



	Gene arrived seconds too late to see his friend go under. But he saw
Sheena floating face down only a few feet from the bank. And he saw two
crocodiles swimming toward her.

	He jumped into the water, grabbed the girl and pushed her onto the
shore. He followed clumsily, his hands and feet desperately seeking purchase on
the wet mud. He rolled onto the bank just as the first croc raised its head.

	"Get the fuck away," he yelled.

	He dragged Sheena from the edge of the river, but the crocs now were
clambering onto land, too.

	"Help," he screamed. "Help me get her out of here!"

	The crocodiles moved fast. For a fraction of a second, Gene considered
leaving Sheena and making a run for it. Then greed kicked in. He grabbed the
rope around her neck and swung her over his shoulder. He felt a tug at his pants
leg, and heard a loud rip as he pulled away, leaving a croc with a mouthful of
wet denim.




Chapter 5



	No matter how hard they pressed her, Sheena wouldn't tell them what
happened to Dooley. Maybe she didn't know. She was in shock when Gene got her to
camp.

	"You think she killed him?" Louie asked, after Sheena had been allowed
to go to sleep.

	"Yeah, somehow I think she did," said Gene.

	"With her hands cuffed behind her?" said Akbar.

	"Yeah, I know it sounds crazy, but I think she managed to off the poor
son-of-a-bitch without using her hands."

	"Crocs got him," Tremain said quietly. "They almost got the girl. Almost
got you."

	"Yeah," said Gene. "Could've been crocs, but I still think she had
something to do with it. You know what they say - the bitch talks with animals.
Maybe she put 'em up to it."

	Louie shook his head. "That's a lot of bullshit. She don't talk to no
animals. That's all part of the hype."

	Akbar laughed harshly. "So you think Lawton was gonna get an extra
million or two because he convinced some S&M billionaire that she's Dr.
Doolittle?" said Akbar.

	"I dunno," said Louie. "I don't know what Lawton was thinking. But I
know what I'm thinking. We're down to only four of us, and we've got to find out
way out of this jungle. We're gonna need the bitch's help. She's gonna have to
carry stuff. And she's gonna have to give us directions. Lawton kept saying
follow the river. But I don't even know for sure what river we're followin'.
This one sure as hell ain't the Congo, 'cause it ain't nearly big enough. Must
be some kind of tributary."

	"They call it the Tuposo," said Sheena. She was awake, sitting up on the
blanket they had tossed over her. "It flows into the Lomami, and the Lomami
flows into the Great River."

	"The Congo?" asked Louie.

	"Yes."

	"So we've been going in the wrong direction," cried Gene. "Jesus fuckin'
Christ. We've been going upstream. If we want to get to the Congo, we should be
going downstream!"

	Louie rubbed his head. He was confused and irritated.

	"Downstream, you will die," Sheena said.

	"How so?" said Louie.

	"Guerrillas. Men and boys with guns and machetes. They will kill you,
all of you."

	"Lawton paid off all the military types," said Gene.

	Sheena rested her head against her knees. She was very tired, and she
didn't know why she should save these men from their own blundering.

	"What about it?" said Gene. "Didn't he fix it?"

	"Sheena," said Louie. "Why can't we work it out with these guerrilla
guys? We got money. Hell, we got our own guns."

	She looked at him for a long while.

	"They will kill you and take your money and your guns," she said, at
last. "And they will take me."

	"To fuck?" asked Louie.

	"To fuck, yes. And maybe to sell. Maybe to kill. Maybe to eat."

	"Eat?" Gene said. "Jesus, they eat people?"

	"They eat the forest people, the little people," Sheena said quietly.
"And they eat monkeys and apes. I live in the forest. They have heard about me.
Some of them would be proud to kill and eat me."

	Louie sighed heavily.

	"Okay," he said. "I guess we can rule out going downriver. What happens
if we keep going upstream?"

	"It will be very difficult," she said. "But you will come to open land.
I have never seen it, but I am told the forest ends and there is tall brown
grass as far as you can see."

	"Sounds good to me," said Akbar. "I'm sick of this fuckin' jungle."



# # #





	Gene and Akbar didn't like the idea of removing the handcuffs from
Sheena. It was Louie's idea. He tied one end of a rope around her right ankle
and attached the other to his belt.

	"She ain't gonna get away," he said. "She sure as hell ain't gonna pull
me through the forest. But she'll be able to carry some of this shit."

	They put a backpack on her and piled two heavy canvas bags onto her
shoulders. At first, it was just a cruel joke. They wanted to see how far she
got before she stumbled and fell, or just dropped from exhaustion.

	She didn't fall. She didn't get tired, at least no more tired than the
rest of them. They were impressed, but only Louie expressed any admiration.

	"You're one strong broad," he said, walking beside her.

	Sheena said nothing.

	"How long before we get to this grassland?" he asked.

	"Three days, maybe four. I'm not sure."

	"And it'll be safe? No guerrillas there?"

	"I don't think so."

	"Shit," said Gene, coming up behind them. "For a queen of the jungle,
you don't know a hell of a lot."

	"Come on," said Louie. "Give her a break. She's never been there before.
She's queen of the fuckin' jungle, not the fuckin' savanna."

	"I say we turn her into the just plain queen of fucking," said Gene. He
jerked the rope that connected Sheena to Louie.  She stumbled, and the heavy
bags landed on top of her.

	"Cut that out," yelled Louie. "Leave her alone."

	Akbar and Tremain caught up with them.

	"What's going on?" Akbar asked.

	"Louie's playing the role of hero, that's what's going on," said Gene.
"I say we take a break and fuck this bitch's brains out. But Louie thinks he's
her protector. Or maybe he wants her all to himself."

	"I ain't protecting her, I'm protecting our investment," Louie said
defensively.

	"So you think it would hurt our investment if we fuck her ass and force
her to give us blowjobs?" said Akbar. "I mean, we're not selling a virgin. We're
selling some kind of jungle babe."

	They argued for a while, then Louie shrugged and said they could do what
they wanted with her. He picked up his gear and said, "Take as long as you want,
but I'm going on ahead. You bastards will just have to catch up."

	He was angry - at them, at himself for not standing up to them, and at
Sheena for . . . . for what? For being what she was: beautiful, sexy, strong.

	He just hoped she was strong enough to survive whatever they had in
store for her.



# # #





	No longer drugged and handcuffed, Sheena felt she could handle this
situation. With the big one gone, the other three men didn't pose much of a
threat. She had prevailed against such odds often in the past.

	But Gene didn't give her a chance. While she watched Louie disappear
into the bush, he removed the baseball bat he carried strapped to his backpack
and hit her on the back of the neck. She staggered forward, and he hit her
again, this time behind the knees. She collapsed, and the men were on top of her
in an instant.

	They took turns raping her. Gene preferred fucking her anally. They
flopped her on her belly over a fallen log, and he pressed his prick against her
tight little anus while Akbar knelt on her extended hands.

	"Too tight," Gene complained. He rummaged in his backpack and pulled out
some suntan lotion. "We sure as hell haven't needed this in this fucking
forest." He squirted lotion on the business end of the bat, then jammed it into
her ass. She awoke with a scream as he worked it inside her.

	He pulled out the bat and resumed fucking her.

	"Much better," he said, pumping slowly. "She just needed a little
breaking in."

	Tremain followed Gene, but stuck his prick in her pussy. It was wet,
whether from lotion dripping from her anus or from sexual excitement Tremain
didn't know - or care.

	Akbar turned her over so he could look into her face as he raped her.
But she was unconscious again, which took away a lot of the fun. "Wake her up,"
he said. Gene poured the contents of his canteen over her face, but she remained
motionless.

	"You think she's alright?" Akbar asked, after he had unloaded inside
her.

	Gene felt her neck. "Yeah, she's okay. But we'll have to take turns
carrying her til we catch up with Louie. She's not going to do any walking for a
while."

	"Or sitting, either, after what you did to her," said Akbar. They all
laughed.



# # #



	

	Despite the battering she had taken, Sheena did walk. And she carried
the heavy load of gear that the men piled onto her shoulders. The three men
laughed and joked, and every now and then one would jerk the rope tied to her
ankle and send her tumbling to the forest floor.

	Silently, she would struggle back to her feet, and the men would again
pile a disproportionate share of the load on her. She didn't complain. She just
vowed that, when she got the chance, she would kill them all - including Louie,
who, when they caught up with him, would not look her in the eye.




Chapter 6



	The next day they came to a clearing in the forest - a manmade clearing.
Hundreds of acres of trees had been cut down, and their burned remnants had been
pushed to one side of the clearing. No heavy equipment had been left, but the
men saw its traces everywhere: the deeply scarred earth, the deep ruts left by
huge tires and caterpillar tracks.

	"Mining?" asked Gene.

	"Yeah, probably," said Louie. "Left a hell of a mess, didn't they?"

	Sheena scanned the desolate scene, and for the first time since they had
captured her, she wept.

	Louie patted her clumsily on the shoulder.

	"I know what you mean," he said. "I'm no fuckin' tree-hugger, but the
bastards who done this oughta be shot."

	They crossed the raped and ruined land and soon found themselves back in
the jungle. But the vegetation was thinner here. They were coming to the end of
the great forest.

	"Look, you can see big bunches of sky," Louie said. He opened his arms
and sang, "Good morning, Mr. Sunshine."

	"Fuck the sunshine," said Gene.

	Louie dropped his arms and frowned. "Yesterday, you were sick and tired
of the fuckin' jungle. Now, you complain about the sun. What the fuck's wrong
with you?"

	"He's a horny bastard," said Akbar. "He wants to get back inside Sheena.
We all do. You should try it, too. Make you feel better."

	"I feel great," snapped Louie. "I don't need no woman to feel good. I
mean, I ain't queer or nothing, but I don't need pussy to make life worthwhile."

	But Akbar's suggestion stuck with him. He hadn't had sex in a long, long
while. He had felt up Rosie's pussy, but that didn't really count. Neither did
jacking off every few days in the forest.

	He wanted a woman. He wanted Sheena. But not as part of a gangbang with
these assholes. He wanted to be alone with her, and he wanted her to want it,
too.

	He was deep in thought when Akbar called out, "Look, we're almost out of
the jungle."

	Louie looked up. Sure enough, the trees had thinned to the point that he
could see well into the distance - and that distance was filled with open
grassland.

	Sheena looked at this vista and shivered. She had spent almost all of
her life in the jungle, where the eye became accustomed to the vertical. Here
was a horizontal land, broad and flat. It made her dizzy.

	"What's that over there?" Gene said, pointing.

	"A building, some kind of ranch house or something," said Louie. He grew
excited. "And in front of it. Is that a truck?"

	Akbar pulled out a pair of binoculars. "No, not a truck. An SUV. And
it's one of ours - a Ford Explorer, I think."

	"All RIGHT!" Louie roared, as they exchanged high fives. "An American
truck, not another British shitwagon."

	They hurried toward the house. It was made of  timber and mud, with a
corrugated tin roof. A porch ran the width of the house. A big wooden cistern
loomed on one side of the house, and in back was an outhouse.

	As they approached the porch, Gene pulled out a BXP submachine gun.

	"Put that away," Louie said. "We didn't come here to shoot anyone. We
just want to borrow their truck."

	He knocked on the front door, and it swung slowly open. Louie stepped
inside. Everything was very neat. Two big stuffed chairs with cream colored
antimacassars, a wicker couch, small tables with kerosene lanterns.

	He went into the kitchen. It was clean and neat, but there was a nasty
smell. He discovered the odor came from a small refrigerator. It had been
connected to a generator outside, but the generator evidently hadn't been
working in a long time.

	"Whew," said Gene. "Let's get out of here.

	"Something's wrong here," Louie said. He opened the back door and
stepped outside. Another strong, unpleasant odor greeted him. It came from the
outhouse.

	Gene followed him out. "Fuck, don't they ever clean their goddamn
shithouse!"

	"I don't think that's the problem," Louie said. He took a deep breath,
held it, and opened the door of the outhouse.

	Three badly decomposed bodies were crammed inside. 

	"Jesus," Louie said, gagging.

	He backed away, trying to breathe.

	"Get back in the house," he yelled, as the others came out the back
door.

	They gathered in the living room, and sat quietly for a while.

	"What do you think happened to them?" Tremain asked at last.

	"Marauders of some sort," Louie said. "Maybe guerrillas, like Sheena was
talking about. What do you think, honey?"

	Sheena said nothing.

	"Well," said Gene. "Can't do nothing about them. Meanwhile, there's
canned food in the kitchen and some kind of local cola in plastic bottles. And
the Explorer. If we can't find the keys, I can hotwire it."

	"What about gas?" Louie asked.

	"The auxiliary tank is full. Can't tell about the main tank til we crank
her up."

	"Any idea where we are?" said Tremain.

	"No," said Louie.

	"Then what the fuck good does it do to have a vehicle if we don't know
where we are and where we're going?" It was the most Tremain had said on this
entire trip. He sounded like a man who was about to snap.

	"Okay, okay," said Louie. "Let's think this through. If whoever lived
here had a Explorer, they must have left tracks when they used it. There may not
be a regular road, but we'll find where he drove it. And we'll follow those
tracks, and I'll guarantee you we'll eventually get to a town."

	"Then what?" said Tremain. "We get to the nearest town, the folks there
recognize the truck, they figure we must have killed the owner, so they shoot
us."

	They bickered back and forth.

	Sheena got up and walked out onto the front porch. The men seemed to
have lost interest in her.

	She looked at all their gear, dumped in a jumble on the ground. Big bags
to hold the tents. Plastic boxes, with straps, to hold food and cookware. Gene's
baseball bat.

	Her knife, in its sheath, protruded from the pocket of a backpack. She
removed it and tied it to her waist. Not that a knife would do any good against
four men armed with guns.

	But perhaps they didn't all have their guns. The metal stock of a
submachine gun stuck out of a bag.

	She gently pulled it out. It was smaller than she had expected. This
must be the BXP they had talked about, she thought.

	Sheena had never handled a gun, but she had seen men use them. Somehow,
they got a cartridge into what they called the firing chamber, then they pulled
the trigger and a bullet came out. Sometimes, lots of bullets came out. It
seemed simple.

	She studied the gun carefully. It had a pistol grip, and protruding from
the grip was a metal clip. This must hold the cartridges. At the top of the grip
was a small lever, next to a small green dot. When she pushed the lever, it
exposed a red dot. Red and green. Stop and go. Danger and safety. That's it, she
thought. This must be the "safety." She had heard men talk about the safety on
guns.

	She held the weapon at her side, the barrel pointed in front of her, and
she turned slowly, imagining bullets spraying out of the muzzle.

	The front door opened, and Akbar looked out.

	"Holy shit," he said.

	She squeezed the trigger, and the gun kicked in her hands. Akbar tumbled
backward, into the house.

	She ran up the steps and stepped over his body. Gene stood frozen in the
middle of the room. He looked at her, wide-eyed and filled with fear.

	She fired a long burst into him.

	Another gun fired, and she felt something hit her foot. She whirled,
pulled the trigger again, and someone in the shadows screamed and fell.

	She fired until there were no cartridges left. Then she walked out of
the house in a daze and dropped the gun next to the baseball bat.




Chapter 7



	Sheena staggered through the tall grass, dizzy and confused. Had she
killed all of them? She tried to remember what happened at the house. Three or
four had gone down, but which was it? If three, then one was still alive. But
maybe she had gotten them all.

	She suddenly realized that her left foot hurt. The pain was intense, and
when she looked down she saw the bloody crease where a bullet had slashed across
the top of her instep. How far could she get with this injury? And even if she
hadn't been wounded, how far could she get in this alien environment? This
wasn't her beloved jungle, with its chimps and bonobos, its snakes and okapis,
its brightly colored birds. She was on the savanna, a mostly treeless domain
filled with predators and scavengers she had rarely or never encountered in the
forest: lions, cheetahs, hyenas and jackals. She had defeated large predators in
battle, one-on-one, but that was in the jungle, where tactical retreat was just
a vine or a tree limb away.

	Here she was naked and vulnerable, and predators traveled in packs.

	As if it had eavesdropped on her thoughts, a lion roared in the
distance. Another, much closer to her, answered with what sounded like a cough.

	She turned slowly, scanning the horizon. There was a copse of trees
perhaps two miles to the northeast, but that was in the direction of the lions.
To the southeast, about a mile away, was a rocky outcropping. Its steep sides
would be difficult for a lion to scale and impossible for hyenas or jackals. She
started off in that direction, wincing each time she put weight on her left
foot.

	Halfway to the rocks, a herd of giraffes crossed her path. Despite her
pain and danger, she couldn't help smiling at their rocking gait.

	They passed within a dozen yards and seemed uninterested in her.

	But as the dust they had kicked up settled, she turned and saw, not a
hundred yards to her left, a pack of hyenas. They were moving toward her but
seemed in no hurry.

	Maybe they hadn't seen her. If she got down and crawled on her hands and
knees, she would be hidden by the grass. But her pace would be so slow that they
might stumble upon her before she reached the rocks.

	Better to make a run for it.

	She took off as fast as the pain in her foot would permit. A few seconds
later, she heard a raucous outcry as the hyenas detected her and gave chase.

	She knew she should keep running and not look back. But she couldn't
resist. The two fastest beasts were well ahead of the rest of the pack and only
fifty yards behind her. She tried to run faster, slipped, fell and scrambled
back onto her feet. The ground was rocky here. Only a few more yards and she
would be at the sheer stone face. She was already searching for hand-holds in
the cliff when a hyena hit her from behind and knocked her face down. Its
momentum carried it head-first into a boulder, and it howled in pain.

	The second hyena was on her in an instant, its powerful jaws closing on
her upraised forearm. Sheena screamed, and with her other hand plunged her knife
into the hyena's neck. It relaxed its grip on her arm and collapsed on top of
her.

	Sheena struggled to her feet and backed up to the cliff face. The other
hyenas had caught up and now arranged themselves in a semicircle. The largest, a
150-pound female, addressed her: "It is useless to fight us. There is no escape.
Accept your death. Accept your death in peace."

	The others took up the chant: "Accept your death. Accept your  death in
peace."

	They were right, she thought. Resistance was futile. She was exhausted
and hurt. They would tear her to pieces. Better to allow one terrible bite from
those jaws - then blackness.

	Slowly, she sank to her knees. "I am ready," she whispered.

	She closed her eyes and tilted back her head to expose her throat to the
leader of the pack. The beast moved forward, its jaws agape.

	Something told her to open her eyes. She looked up. A few feet above
her, the root of some long-lost tree protruded from a crack in the stone.

	"Wait," she cried. The startled hyena stopped and even took a step
backward.

	Sheena  leapt with all the strength that was left in her. She grabbed
the root and pulled up her dangling feet a fraction of a second before the
furious  hyena bitch snapped at them.

	Now, with the beasts panting and grunting below, she searched for a way
up the rock face. She found a ledge above the tree root and used it to pull
herself up. Now she could use the root as a foot-hold. Slowly, painfully, she
made her way up the side of the cliff. She was trembling with exhaustion and
covered with sweat when she reached the top.

	She lay for several minutes and looked at the angry and confused hyenas,
only twenty feet below her. Then she turned to examine the high ground on which
she found herself. With horror, she realized that the stone cliff she had
climbed was only one face of the plateau. Further to the southeast, it sloped
gently back to the grassland.

	All the hyenas had to do was work their way around the outcropping until
the cliff disappeared. Then they could walk right up - and enjoy the feast they
had barely missed.

	A wave of dizziness and despair brought her to her knees. She was weak
and sick.

	A shadow crossed the ground near her. She looked up, into the blinding
sun. Was something up there? She couldn't tell.

	Then she felt a sharp bump on the back of her head and realized she had
fallen backward. Two dark shapes glided across the sky above her, then another
and another. She closed her eyes and used the little strength she had left to
turn onto her side and curl up in a fetal position.

	The vultures landed with small, clumsy hops - nothing like their grace
while airborne. Soon there were seven of them. One waddled over to Sheena,
lunged at her behind and came away with her leopard-skin thong. Another sank its
beak into her shoulder and jerked her onto her back. Now her face, breasts and
belly were exposed and defenseless.

	The others greedily closed in.



# # #



	The first rifle shot only sheared off the tail feathers of one of the
birds,  but the sound startled all of them. The next shot took the head off the
vulture that had bitten Sheena's shoulder, and the third ripped through the
breast of another.

	Suddenly, the survivors lost their appetites and scrambled to get
airborne.

	The shooter walked slowly to Sheena, cursing and sweating. It was Louie.

	"I don't know why I go to so much trouble to save your sorry ass," he
said irritably. "You tried to fuckin' kill me."

	Sheena gave no response.

	"Aw, shit," said Louie. "You mean I'm going to have to carry you all the
way back to the truck?"

	Carry her, he did. And after they were back in the Explorer, he drove
until he found a little clinic in a village by a lake. It was run by a bunch of
white do-gooders from Europe, and they wanted to know who Sheena and Louie were,
how she had been hurt, and where they were headed.

	"She's my sister," Louie said, unconvincingly. "We was hunting, and we
had an accident."

	"Does your sister usually hunt in the nude?" asked a slim doctor with a
reddish beard and a Scandinavian accent.

	"All the time," said Louie. "Actually, she loves runnin' round naked.
Sort of a religion with her."

	They gave her a shot of penicillin and bandaged her foot, her shoulder
and her forearm. Two days later, when she was strong enough to travel, a young
woman of the village gave her a long, multicolored cloth to wrap around her.

	"So you've gone native," Louie said, with a grin, as they drove away.

	"Where are you taking me?" Sheena asked. She sounded tired and beaten.

	"To America, sweetheart. I'm going to make you a fuckin' star  - at
least in my little corner of Carolina."




Chapter 8

	

	Louie was true to his word. Sheena did become a star - or at least a
major roadside attraction - in the mountains of western North Carolina. Young
lawyers and bankers from Charlotte and football players from Knoxville came by
the carload and paid $25 a head to see "Sheena, the Jungle Queen" wrestle a
black bear from the Great Smoky Mountains. She and the bear put on a convincing
pretense of combat, and customers all agreed they had never seen a girl that
good looking - outside of the movies and the Victoria's Secret catalog.

	For those willing to pay $100 and wait til after midnight, there was a
special show three times a week. Louie would dress up in a safari hunter outfit,
and Sheena, wearing a brass collar and with her wrists tied behind her, would
kneel submissively before him and give him a blow job. For $250, customers could
join in the fun. One especially busy night, a dozen men took turns fucking her
vaginally, anally and orally. When they finished, she lay on her back onstage,
exhausted and semiconscious.

	"I don't know much about jungle queens," one of them drawled, dropping a
$50 bill on her semen-covered belly, "but I know a cum bucket when I see one."

	Louie felt kind of bad about that, but he soon realized that Sheena got
a perverse pleasure from her degradation.

	He ordered a lot of bondage and S&M gear over the Internet, and soon he
was raking in more than $5,000 a night. He had to put limits on the rough stuff,
though, after one exuberant customer tried to beat her with a chair.

	Louie felt protective of her, and not just because she was his meal
ticket. He also was getting unbelievably great sex. He had never been happier in
his life.

	Which made it all the more painful when she disappeared. He woke up one
morning - at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, actually - and she was gone.

	So was the bear.

	The sheriff's office sent over a couple of officers, and they took
Louie's report without much enthusiasm.

	"Look," one of them said. "You been runnin' this one-girl cat house for
months, and we've been lookin' the other way . . . ."

	"Damn right, you been lookin' the other way," said Louie. "I've been
payin' your boss two fuckin' grand a week to look the other way."

	"Well," said the officer, "what are we supposed to do if she just
decided to up and leave? It's a free country. What grounds do we have to go
after her and arrest her?"

	"Grounds," yelled Louie. "She stole my fuckin' bear. That's grounds
enough, ain't it?"

	

# # #



	Louie never did find Sheena. The sheriff wasn't much help. Getting the
state police involved was out of the question. He had never paid them a dime.

	Over the next few years, there were scattered reports from hikers and
hunters of a blonde woman slinking through the woods or swimming in a stream.
But no one got close enough to get a good look at her, much less catch her.

	Then the sightings became rarer and ceased altogether.

	Bears must have got her, some locals said. Or mountain lions, said
others. "More likely, mountain men," said one old timer. "There are some real
weird bastards livin' in those woods."

	Little did he know how right he was.







THE END?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Torrent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





