BDSM Library - Becky's Training




Becky's Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young ruffian teasing the older men on the streets of Seattle is kidnapped and introduced to a new life.
                                         Becky's Training

 Young slender Becky Larson had been, as ordered, secured over the top of the
large oak table  in my private dinning chamber.       

  She was dressed in a crisp uniform consisting of a starched white blouse 
which buttoned up the front,  a short plaid skirt, white knee highs, white
cotton panties/bra and her hair  had been put up in little schoolgirl pig-tails.

   Becky was tied with her shapely smooth legs pinioned with narrow black
leather straps at the knees,  her ankles bound together and then tied to a rope
leading to the right table leg and her trim  white arms pulled and  stretched
out in front of her, her narrow wrists tied to  ropes leading to the tables
opposite end legs.

  Before being tied, becky had been made to lay over a fat sofa pillow, placed
at the end of the large oak table, and designed to ensure that her young, tender
bottom was raised and the center of focus as I entered the long room.

 The ropes had been tied to allow enough slack for becky to raise her upper
torso some, or to  arch her back and push her young bottom cheeks up and out in
a big girl swell if order to.

   A large  ornamental, beveled mirror on the wall in front of her allowed her
master to view her facial  expressions at anytime.

     As I walked in to the room,  lightly tapping the long supple birch rod
against my black riding  boots, a stern look crosses my face.  I looked forward
to providing becky with her first  real slavegirl whipping.

   Becky's clear blue eyes widen with fear at the sight of the rod.  Her petite,  
slim, coltish legs lightly rubbing together with nervous anticipation of the
feel of that rod across her  plump schoolgirl bottom cheeks.

  Becky opened her mouth, starting to question....to plead to be let off, but
not a word  started before I cut her off sharply.... "Be silent Becky"  I
ordered her in a calm voice, "the only  sound we are going to hear this
afternoon is the sound of this birchrod skinning your young   bottom...."

 I smiled as I stroked  the birch rod softy across her bottom cheeks.

  Young Becky Larson, 18 years old, a little tramp runnaway from the streets of
Seattle.  Robert  had seen her often, panhandling money, hanging out with
delinquent boys, intoxicated, or high, slouched up against the side of some
downtown office building, or walking through the crowd  down at the market,
looking for tourists from Iowa, or Kansas, with fat wallets, and easily
distracted  by a pretty blond girl  in a too short or too tight skirt who
accidently rubs against them while one of the boys picked their pockets. 

  Robert never got over how easy it was, how clean, and sudden and final.  A
phone call,  some private words and a picture faxed, and now blond headed,
willowy, plump bottomed Becky Larson,  a new residient of Cheluna Mansion.

   Becky had been there a week, a long week, long enough to know better then to
hesitate at a Master's command, and long enough to know better then to refuse a
request.

   I set the long whippy birchrod down and gently caressed Becky's pretty, open-
expressioned face,  poking my finger in her small mouth, enjoying the sensation
of her soft lips and gentle tongue wetting my fingers as I slowly pistoned them
in and out.  I withdrew my finger, smearing her  saliva across her lips, making
them shine.

          "I'm very unhappy with you Becky, very disappointed,"  I tell her in a
low soft voice, " I thought I had taught you better..."

  I walked around the end of the table and was confronted with the exciting
double cheekswell of  this trim  bottomed girl strapped over for discipline.

 I wasted no time in flicking the end of the birch rod  under Becky's little
schoolgirl skirt, and  flipping it up on to her back.  There it was, that
robust, plump little ass I had seen straining against her tight slut jeans on
the streets of Seattle only last week.

 The elastic tightness of her white schoolgirl  knickers straining with the
plump fullness of becky's  rear mounds,  broadened and fattened by her bent
posture..

  I took the tail of Becky's skirt and  tucked it up under the thick leather
waist strap.  I hooked  my thumbs in the waistband of her white panties and
slowly lowered the material, watching her  ass flesh compress and then roll out
from  under the desending material.

  I sucked in my breath and felt my heart start  to pound  in my chest as
Becky's chubby teenage ass was,  once again, in its perfection, now completely
bare to my view.

  I pulled a table chair up directly behind Becky's firm teenage bottom and sat
down right behind her, letting my eyes enjoy the contours and fat fullness of
her rear cheeks. 

  God,  how I had longed to see this little delinquent's trim white ass,  just
like this, bound over and swelled out, waiting to feel the sting of the birchrod
across those pearly white orbs,  or to feel the fullness of my pleasure rod
buried deep in her backside, her arms restrained,  her trim schoolgirl hips bent
over the top of this broad oak table.

   Becky's soft white bottom had been raised by her bent posture, her schoolgirl
bottom cheeks  slightly parted by the enforced posture.

   Becky's legs trembled slightly as she felt my hand fondle the slight
heaviness of her chubby rear orbs.  I bounced them up and down lewdly in the
palm of my hands,  each small bottom cheek occupying one of my warm palms, 
watching as the fat of her  rear mounds jiggled with the movement of my hands,
smiling at the soft protest of this indignity uttered by  becky.

  I leaned forward and gave becky a few light kisses across the white expanse of
her broadened  bottom cheeks, savoring the delicious feel and taste of her milky
white hillocks. 

  I pulled my head back and  quickly stood up.  There would be more time for
that later, for studying and mapping.......with my mouth, my tongue, my lips....
learning about every inch of that exciting  fleshy bottom.

  Now Becky was going to get the whipping  of her life, a lesson is slave girl
discipline  designed to ensure compliance with her master's wishes  in the
future.

   I pick up the birch rod and step back a few paces, moving the chair to the
side and watching  Becky start to compress her bottom cheeks, her arms pulling
against the restraints tied tightly  around each wrist. 

   I smile as I hear becky in the background start to plead, no doubt asking for
another chance,  but my mind was fully occupied with the plump full ass now
contorting in a lewd dance  over the table top.

  I fish a pair of old panties out of my coat pocket, with one hand, swishing
the whippy birchrod through the air with my other and relishing the sound the
fine instrument made..

     "You'll do anything, anyway, my dear Becky.  You know what'll happen if you
don't...",

 I smile at her in the mirror and wad up the panties and push them into her
mouth.

   "If those panties leave your mouth at any point, your punishment will be
increased ten-fold.    Do you understand me Becky ?" 

  Becky silently nods her head, her eyes wide with fear.

     I take a few steps back, standing to the right of becky, and bring the
whippy-ended birchrod  up sharply and step forward, bring the rod through the
air sideways with a quick backhanded motion, and deliver a fine cut low  down
across  becky's straining asscheeks.

     WHIP!!!!!

     The rod  blazed a bright red strip across the young girl's bottom cheeks,
low, where her  upper legs swell into her bottom.  Becky pulls hard against her
restaints, her curly blond pig-tails  flying in to the air with the smarting
impact of the blow, her legs tensed and her bottom cheeks  compressing hard, and
then bounding up.

     I step forward again, my eyes glued to the bare trim rounded pallor of
Becky's bottom cheeks,  tensing and shifting, her hips contorting over the top
of the fat pillow cushion.

  " Keep your chubby little backside quite still for it Becky....push those hips
back up over that pillow you young tramp....."

  ..........  WHIP

   ....................... WHIP .................    WHIP..........

   I delivered three quick hard cuts right through the middle of Becky's young
tender bottom flesh,  the rod singing through the air, the impacts sounding like
pistol shots as they meet Becky's churning white bottom flesh.

 ................ WHIP....

another cut delivered with vicious accuracy across becky's ass,   aimed low, and
at an angle, stripping Becky low down across the top of her bound legs, and
letting  the tip of the whippy-ended  birch rod ride up, just catching her
across the puppy fat fuller cheekswell low down on her bottom.

  Becky was frantic, she let out a long low gasp of agony, then a series of fast
paced loud objections,  her pretty blond head  turning from side to side
rapidly, her mane sweeping across the  polished oak table top,  her knees 
trying to draw up  and rubbing against each other under the leather binding
strap.

  I tapped the rod on the top of her now quivering young bottom,  enjoying the
sight of the angry red lines now  starting to grow against the white background
of her plump bottom cheeks.

 Becky was tensing and releasing her little bottom halves, squirming across the
top of  the pillow booster in lewd and seductive fat assed quivereings.

  Her young bottom would drive out, hips raised and she'd buck back as far as
the straps  would allow, parting her rear lobes, giving her a wanton and whorish
look,  like a bride inviting her lover to take her bottom in a fit of honeymoon
passion.   " I'm going to break you this afternoon Becky, just like a young
filly is broken......

 ........... WHIP.......... WHIP...........

  "I'll  have obedience from you"  ....... WHIP .... ........."plump bottomed
becky."

."............bend tighter,  I want a full bottomed
cheekswell..........WHIPWHIP.......... you chubby bottomed little
tease............."... WHIP.......... WHIP......  " we have all afternoon becky,
no interruptions..." ... WHIP!!!...........     WHIP!!!.     .......".when I am
finished with you...we'll have an obedience test....."..  
WHIP!!!.........WHIP!!!

     Again and again I whipped her plump teenage backside , my mind lost in a
haze of erotic discipline. 

My cock was straining against the rough fabric of my wool trousers, and  my
breathing was coming in large gulps, sucking giant mouthfuls of air in to my
lungs as I let the rod fall across the middle of Becky's girlish white
cheekswell.

  "Better get use to this Becky...........WHIPWHIPWHIP!!!!..............use to
slavegirl discipline"

 "You'll have master's who enjoy whipping little tramps like you......"..
.......WHIPWHIPWHIPWHIP!!!!

  "slavegirl whippings becky......WHIP..............and ...WHIP... slavegirl sex
...WHIP...up that tight little bottom of yours....."   WHIP....... WHIP......

       I dropped the burchrod and pulled the chair back up behind Beck's welted
and contorting  bottom cheeks.  Becky, crying into her panty gag, her small
shoulders shaking a little with  each sob.

   She really was a sight,  unable to keep her stripped rear mounds from 
bounding up and down in the most lewd way,   trying to climb over the top of the
table, her bound legs tensing and her tiptoes pushing hard in to the floor as 
the fire like stripes work their way deep into the plump flesh of her trim
little 18 year old asscheeks.. 

   I lean forward and run my hands over her chubby welted bottom lobes, feeling
the heat  radiate from her stripped rear flesh.  I lean in to her ass, rubbing
my cheeks against her soft bottom,  feeling Becky flinching at the slight touch
of my face....feeling the warmth of her whipped bottom cheeks.

  I turn my head, and pursing my lips,  I start place gentle, soft, pouting, 
kiss-kisses across  the burning welts, my lips enjoying the warm red marks on
her tender bottom flesh.. .."Ahhhhh, you mark beautifully becky.....".

  I push my chair back a little and look at the back of her sunkissed thighs.
The white surface  marked with 8 or 10 narrow red lines where just the end of
the whippy birchrod had snapped across the back of her trim bound legs.

  A savage beautiful elemental sight,  raw and unadorned, erotic and instant.

  I kissed her there, kissing slowly, down the back of her thighs, slowly down
the right thigh, kissing and making gentle licking swipes with my tongue along
the narrow red lines, then more of my lips,  mouthing her trim legs, down, all
the way down until I reached the black leather ties around  her knees.

  I start low and work my way back up Becky's other leg, gently kissing the soft
tender flesh, licking and making little sucking sounds as I taste her suntanned
skin, marked with the effects of the whip welts.

  I return to becky's warm bottom flesh, kissing her right cheek in small little
circles,  kiss-kissing  gentle little bumble bee buzz kisses in tight small
little circle shapes across her bottom cheeks, feeling her bottom cheeks flinch
with each soft  burning kiss.. ...then  little.... nipping kisses,  now, 
capturing her soft bottom flesh for a mere instance between my teeth....working
her ass flesh with my mouth

 .....I push my tongue out, running my tongue, held flat and soft and wet across
the wider expanses of her ass where it was swelled out the most, licking her
bottom flesh like an ice creme cone with broad flat tongue strokes...    .then
kissing again, little circles of kisses.....my lips hard and unyeilding...fast
hard kisskissing on top of her bottom, rapidly covering her ...kisskissing cheek
to cheek...my hand, running up between her bound legs, feeling the satin smooth
skin of her inner thighs,  my hand finding her soft woman fold,playing with her
with my thumb,  between her pussy lips......  

  I slowly start to expand the circle, bigger and bigger circle shapes, kissing,
covering her tender rear flesh now with wet, full  mouthed, big  lipped kisses,
then licking my way across her bottom flesh, my lips wet across  the soft
surface of her cheek skin,  tracing my tongue across her,  leaving a trail of my
wet lust across her plump bottom.

  I shift slightly, and unbutton my trousers.  My cockhead snakes out of the
vent of my pants and rests lightly against becky's trim lower thigh.

  I lean forward and rake small handfuls of her ass flesh between my fingers and
squeezing a little, feeling the warm flesh well up between  my splayed fingers, 
contracting and releasing my hand in  gentle squeezes,  squeezesqueeze then
kisskiss...squeezesqueeze .........kisskiss..  .. letting go of her bottom cheek
and running the edge of my thumb between her bottom halves, trailing my thumb
down her bottom groove, letting my thumb linger for a moment on top  of her anal
bud, still kisskissing her other cheek... feeling the damp warmness of her
hidden valley, becky flinching as my thumb edge touches her
anus......lightly..trailing my thumb edge across the small ridges of her anal
opening....light feathery touch 

  I start sucking little mouthfuls of her bottom flesh right up in to my mouth,
holding my lips  open, ands sucking, nursing at the fountain of my
desire....feeling the ass flesh ease between my lips, cross my open teeth,
sucking her in to the cavity of my mouth... slowly closing my teeth...giving her
a gentle bite....worrying her captured flesh  with my teeth...that sweet tender
plump rear flesh.... between my teeth.

  I pull my head back and breathing hard, look at the double cheekswell of young
Becky Larson, my reluctant slave, her young ass welted and streaked with the
results of a slave girl whipping, wet and with little red marks where my lips,
my mouth my tongue had mapped and tasted her....

  Young Becky Larson, flinching and swishing over top of the fat sofa roll,
....her misfortune to possess such an exciting rear view, destined to be trained
as a pleasure girl, a life destined now to serve strict masters that enjoy
testing their whips across  the sassy fat bottom cheeks of delinquent school
girl's, being taught to give pleasure to her masters. 

  I lean forward again, fondling and fiddling with her ass, kissing and sucking
mouthfuls  of her exciting whipped soft bottom flesh  between my open warm lips,
tasting her....murmuring to her to push her bottom up,   to show me an exciting 
big girl swell , to push her hips back into me,  her plump rear lobes back and
in to my open waiting mouth.. .......I shift my head and explore becky  down
low...along the fuller lower cheekswell,  lightly chewing  with my teeth,
capturing this puppyfat bottom skin and   now running the hard pointed tip of my
tongue along the crest right under her bottom cheeks,  at the top of her leg,
where her legs swell up and widen  right under her ass cheek where it  meets the
overhang of her girlish ass..exploring the crease of her bottom's overhang with
my warm hard tongue, using my teeth to nip along the underswell of becky ass.

  I part Becky's asscheeks and gently placed the littlest  softest  warm pouting
butterfly kisses all up and down just along the inside of her rear cheeks, slow
fluttering kisses, one little kiss then stopping, soft little closed lipped
pouting kisses....just on the inside of becky's parted lobes...  ..First inside
one cheek,  then turning my head and  a pouting little butterfly  kisses on the
inside of the other cheek.. ......god, my head is spinning... I'm lost in a sea
of white bottom flesh......

  I start mounding her ass cheeks up in my clenched hands, squeezing the cheeks
in from the side, pushing her bunched ass flesh in to my waiting mouth.... ....
I rear my head up,  turning  my attention back to her full swelled plump bottom,
resting my mouth fully open on her welted plump rear lobe... sucking giant
mouthfuls of her plump rear cheekskin between my moist lips, sucking her bottom
flesh in to my open wet warm  mouth very hard,  sucking as much of becky's ass
flesh between my open mouth as I can,  vacuming her bottom flesh in to my
mouth...hard.sucking.... .....letting my open mouth and my soft open  lips
travel across her expanded ass cheeks......slowly, deliberately, giving beckys
young ass halves purple hickys with the force of my suction....

  I start to nibble her bottom cheeks...using my teeth to nibble across her
swelled plump bottom orbs...little nibbling bites...quickly... like I'm eating
corn on the cob. ...nibbling straight across becky's raised and fattened ass....
one cheek to the other, straight across both proffered lobes.... in a straight
line, capturing her rear sore cheekskin between my teeth just for an
instance...nipnip...then right on across...nipnipping .....across both twitching
lobes.....then dropping down an inch and nibbling becky  back across the other
way......turning my head sideways, and nipping  up and down becky's young rear
mounds...following thew line of her ass divide up and down....nipping and
placing little stinging bites from low on the line dividing her ass
halves....following up the great divide....little nipping kisses....becky
muffled objections faint in my ears as I retrace my erotic ass nipping down the 
other plump lobe....swishing my tongue and letting it trace just inside the ass
crease with gentle quick probes..then a series of nipping kisses again .  I
craned my neck a little as  I fingered back the soft folds of her femnine flesh
and start kiss-kissing her puffy girlflesh gently...up and down her pussy lips,
now and then swiping my tongue between her pussy lips,  tasting becky, smelling 
her dampmness,  until Becky is flinching her legs,  and I can hear small gasps
escaping from her lips.  Becky's wet, her pussy lips full and puffy, her muffled
protest not hiding the damp evidence of her arousal.

    I spread her warm red bottom globes, holding them apart and blew a little
gentle breeze across her exposed rear flower.

  Becky let out a muffled whinny at feeling  the cool air circulate across her
exposed anus............her ass muscles contracting.....attempting  to protect
herself from this last rude assult on her dignity....

  I ignored her protest,  pulling  her bottom cheeks hard apart, pushing my lips
in between her open bottom cheeeks, .......quite mad with lust now,

  I pucker my lips full, wetting them with my tongue,  and start placing
lickety-lick wet mouthed kisses on the top of her tender exposed anal bud.

" oh god becky...you ass"...I'm panting out between my wet kisses to her tight
closed  anal flower......pouting kisskissing......"did your boyfriend play with
you like this becky........." . ....kisskissing, warm wet lipped kisses...
...".....did you  let him play with your ass...between your cheeks like this 
becky"......".....push that bottom out" ......kisskiss...."no shyness now
becky......I bet alot of men have wanted you like this.. ....wanted to play with
your bottom becky"....kISSKISSING.........."does that shock.you.." 
kisskiss...."plump bottomed becky...a tight little slavegirl ass plumped up for
her master....."   "..a girl with such an exciting bottom will have to ..."
pouting long slow intimate kisses ....."will have to get use to this....."   my
lips feeling becky's intimate ridges that circle her tight bud...."better make
it exciting for me becky......"   holding my open lips across her rear
opening... ...kissing, gentle sucks.....and pouting lipped kissing......

  Becky is clenching her little white bottom cheeks, her ass contractions
pressing against the side of my face, now resting between her cheeks, she
protests from behind her panty gag, humiliated, embarrassed, shocked a man would
hold her bottom cheeks open,  putting wet soft kisses right on top of her dark
little vortex, embarrassed at this use  of her body, even after the whipping,
still objecting  to this lewd assult  on her most private of spots.

  Her legs jerk in suprise and I can feel her torso rear up as I swiped the tip
of my tongue  across her tight anal flower.

  "Push that bottom right out Becky........kisskissing...... I murmer to
her...... ..".I want a big girl swell to those
bottomcheeks"............kiss....kisskissing in machine  gun fashion, one right
after another on top of her exposed anal bud.... ......." do it now becky"    I
panted, my breathing ragged... ."or do you want ".....pout  kissing.... . "want
more" ......kisskisskiss............. "of the birchrod...."

  I leaned my face forward, parting Becky's bottom cheeks further, intruding as
much of my face as I  can  between her parted rear lobes.  I was mad with
desire, unable to contain my lust for this girl's bottom.

  I let my lips poutpout again across her dark vortex,  very tenderly and slowly
letting my  warm wet wide open lips lay outlined around  her dark virgin flower, 
my moist breath condensing on her bottom opening....and then ever so slowly I
would bring my lips together... softly, warm,  gentle caresses with my lips
....opening and closing my lips slowly across the top of her rear opening then
letting the tip of my tongue tickle her private ...I started making my tongue
pointy, and flicking her quickly across her anal flower..........then again
pursing my lips and finally settling down for very long  soft wet intimate
kissess.

  I pull back and can see my cock, straining with lust, its head large and
angry, the stem solid   and standing away from my trouser vent at a 45 degree
angle. 

  I get up from my chair and look at Becky's face, turned sideways, her damp,
tear filled eyes  clear to me in the  the mirror.  She has a  questioning look,
wondrering if that is all, has her  master's lust been satisfied.  Her soft blue
eyes are damp with the remains of her tears, her breathing  ragged and coming in
small brusts, her mouth still full with her old worn panties,

     I smile.

     "You didn't think a little schoolgirl discipline would completely satisfy
me did you becky?",

  I laugh, drunk on desire, this young blond who I had  secretly followed down
5th avenue every night afterwork, timing her comings  and goings so I could be
present as she paraded her little schoolgirl ass under some   too tight cotton
shorts,  young becky larson,   who I had walked behind in the shops at the
farmner's market,   my hands in my trouser pockets to keep my lust from other
eyes. as I watched her  bottom cheeks shift and sway in her thin denim
jeans.....hoping to catch her bending over some stall table,  reaching across a
table, her trim ass cheeks pushed backin offering...   no, my lust, my obsession
with young Becky Larson would last for awhile, would last  for as long  as she
was allowed to remain at Cheluna Mansion, until some other master  called for
her and one night she would be gone.....taken to who knows where......to a life
of sexual service.      " Oh, no Becky....I haven't forgotten what you refused
me this morning....."

  Becky lets out a loud muffled protest, pleading with her eyes.  She is making
small mewing sounds from  behind the panty gag, trying to beg , trying to convey
how much she doens't want this......

  I undo the top button on my trousers and let them drop to the floor,bunched
around my black boots, my cock now standing straight and hard and angry...its
tip projecting from thew side of my blazer.....fully exposed to  the bound
schoolgirl,,,,

  I pull a small tube of lubricant from my coat pocket, and smear a light sheen
of the lubricant up and down my  penis head, watching becky's eyes follow the 
movement of my hands across my  fully erect cock in the mirror reflection.

    I coat the end of my finger and step forward, standing directly behind
becky.  I watch until her eyes travel up, away from my shinny cock  head, and to
match my eyes in the mirror.  I lock my eyes with her, feeling the 
understanding pass in an instance between us.   She began in that intance to
understand,  began to grasp her new life,  a life of submission, of belonging to
a Master, her body free to be used for his pleasure, her sexuality now his
possession.   Becky lowered her eyes and turned her head to the side.

    I push my goo coated finger between becky's parted asscheeks, running my 
finger up and down between her clenching warm chubby bottom halves. 

  Becky's rear mounds clench hard as I find  her anus and lightly traced small 
soft circles all around the little ridges that lined her anal bud.

   She gasped as I slowly insert my finger in to her bottom, first just the tip,
crossing her tight opening, then slowly making her take more and more  of my
warm goo coated finger up her backside.

  I start to slowly frigging her teenage backside with my finger, pushing my
finger in slowly, feeling the tight anal ring expand over the thicker part of my
finger,  then letting  it slide back out, till just the tip was inside her
bottom.

 I'd gently push an inch of my coated finger in to her, then let it slide back
out,  then two inches, and let it slide back out....watching becky tense her
legs, her white bottom cheeks swishing a little from side to side, and her knees
rubbing together....

 I would slowly push my finger in her and gently turn and twist it...small half
circles while fully up her backside....my finger worrying her little tight ring,
and then slowly start  working  my finger in and out of her  tensing  bottom,
pushing now till it was all the way in, up so snug and full in  her
backside...reliving night time fantasies for this  girl that had occupied me for
months.....

  I started to more quickly frig becky's tight little bottom, pushing more of my
index finger into her anus, pumping my finger in and out in a slow  deliberate
motion, working her little bottom ring with small twists as I pushed in,  then
pulling out at a faster pace, feeling  Becky jerk alittle as I tuned my hand
over,  this  way  and that, twisting my finger in a small rotation while I held
it deeply enbedded in Becky's bottom.

  I could hear small urgent  "ohhhhs and Ahhhhhs and nooos"  coming from this
captured girl's panty filled mouth, caught betwen the humiliation of having her
bottom  so openly and unabashly played with...an object of simple
lust.....openly  frigged with  a man's warm wet gooey finger, and the arousal
now starting to overtake her outrage . I pull my finger all the way out,
watching Becky's opening go suddenly small.

    I stand up and push my self forward, my erect cock laying in the warmth of
Becky bottom divide,  letting the head of my penis loll in between the globes 
of her  ass, savoring the moment; knowing how tight its going to be and
revelling  in the lesson this young schoolgirl is  about to receive.   I start
to slowly  push the head of my  penis past her small tight anal ring, holding my 
breath, the veins on my forhead showing with the strain of my effort,

  Becky's muffled  cries are becoming softer as the pressure builds and my fat
cockhead  starts to slide past her tight anal ring.  I feel Becky's very gentle,
almost unnoticed  movement, pushing her hips up ever so slightly, opening
herself to me.

  The experience  of Becky's anal deflowering begins.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr. Stefens


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





