BDSM Library - Military Misses Victory




Military Misses Victory
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man loses a bet to a female platoon.
Military misses victory.

A Fantasy about women controlling a man for pleasure.

Bob was a twenty two-year-old young man. He had left college and joined the
military where he was doing his basic training. The course was tough and Bob was
struggling to complete it. The camp was training both male and female recruits
and rude comments between the two groups were extremely common.   The platoon
sergeants seemed to encourage this competitive atmosphere and one night in the
bar an argument broke out between members of Bob's platoon and some of the women
recruits, which ended with drink throwing. The next day Bob was surprised to
find that a competition between the women's platoon and his had been organised.
It had been agreed that they would compete at shooting and the assault course
and the winners would get a free evening in the mess paid for by the losers. The
men were extremely confident and wanted to raise the stakes. Therefore without
the knowledge of the authorities it had been agreed that if the men won two of
the women would visit the barracks and give each of the men a blowjob. However
if the women won two of the men would become the girls love slaves for the
remaining two weeks of training. The men agreed that in the unlikely event of
them losing the two volunteers' to serve would be the men with the lowest
scores.

The next day was Friday and the first event was the assault course, which Bob
had always found difficult. However he completed the course helped by the rest
of the platoon and at the end the men were just ahead of the women. Bob was
worried to see that his time was the worst of the men. However if the men won it
would not matter he would still get his rocks off. However if they lost the idea
of belonging even for a short time to such a gang of ugly women made him sweat
with terror. Both platoons went to the rifle range and it was soon apparent that
many of the women were extremely good shots. The women were soon ahead and the
men were mumbling about losing and Bob realised that unless he shot well it
could be him who paid the ultimate price. This did not improve his performance
and he was unable to hit the target at all. Bob watched in horror as the
competition drew to a close and the realisation that he had scored less than any
body else sank home. The scores were announced and the women had won. This
brought great cheers from the girls and the announcement of the two worse men as
Guy and last Bob brought even more jeers and rude gestures directed towards Guy
and Bob. The men retired disgruntled and Guy tried to talk his way out of it but
the other men would have none of it saying it was bad enough to lose but to
chicken out on a bet would be much worse.

Therefore at 6 p.m. Guy and Bob were escorted by six of the others to the
women's barracks. One of the men wished Guy and Bob good luck then knocked on
the door. It was opened by a short fat blonde woman with massive breasts called
Sonia. She smiled and shouted, " Toys are here ladies time to play!" And pulled
Bob and Guy inside before slamming the door. The two unfortunate men were pulled
into a large barrack room which had two mattresses placed in the middle and were
surrounded by a gang of women who poked, pinched, slapped and jeered them. Then
Sonia said, " Okay ladies we have our toys lets get a good look at them okay
gentlemen get your kit off!" Bob and Guy were pushed into the centre of a circle
of leering women and were forced to strip for them. The women jeered and laughed
as they undressed and when both were naked they were blushing and humiliated.
Sonia said, " Now gentlemen dance around the circle swing your dickey about and
let us have a feel! You come over here Bobbie boy!" Bob embarrassed moved
towards her and started to dance. Sonia grabbed his balls and pulled him close
and kissed him hard saying, " Make an effort sexy you are here to give us fun!"
Then pushed him to the next woman. It took twenty minutes for Bob to dance in
front of each of the women. During that time he was touched kissed and pinched
by the laughing women who competed to make cruder and suggestive comments to the
humiliated men.

Finally that part of the ordeal was over and the two men were pushed into the
centre of the ring. A very large blonde woman with a massive bosom said, " Okay
toys this is what is going to happen this weekend! My name is Tina and Bob I am
in charge of you as I got the most points for the women. Guy Sonia is in charge
of you.  However for the two weeks of being our cute sweet baby love toys you
will obey all of us instantly! At eight we are going over to the bar to get
drunk at your friends expense and Guy you will come with us and lap dance while
we drink! Bobbie you are to stay here and please some of us early. When we have
finished drinking we will all come back here and you two will put on a full sex
love show for us before we gang bang you! Tomorrow and Sunday are solid
lovemaking with occasional breaks when you give a performance for us all! And
darlings every evening will be the same! A love show then giving pleasure
without a break until dawn! We are going to get value for money out of your cute
little bodies aren't we ladies!" This comment brought a large cheer from the
women." Now sexy toys we have some spare time so you can entertain us! I hope
you two are bi-sexual because we all love to watch two guys making it with each
other!" Bob and Guy looked at each other in horror and shook their heads as the
women laughed. Guy said, " No we are straight I could not do it with another
man." Sonia shouted, " Tough baby you are going too! It could be worse you get
to chose whether to give or take it!"

The men did not move so Sonia said, " Grab them!" Many hands seized Bob and
pushed him to the floor and then he felt his balls being gripped by a vice and
looking saw that Tina had his tender sacs in her massive fist. He lay limply as
she smiled and said, " Good boy now no funny business you and Guy are going to
get it together and entertain us! Bring Guy over here!" Guy was dragged over and
Bob saw that Sonia similarly had his balls in her hands. Sonia said, " Now toys
you are going to enjoy each other and to make sure you move as we tell you we
will keep a tight grip on your balls any failure to do as we say and you get
them twisted!" The other girls stepped back and then Bob saw that a dark haired
plump girl called Fiona had a camera in her hands she saw Bob looking at her and
said, " A few sexy snaps for the barrack walls baby!" Then Sonia spoke, " Okay
Bob knell and suck Guy hard!" Bob resisted but felt Tina's hand tightening on
his balls and knew he must obey. He sank to his knees feeling sick as Guy was
pushed in front of him. Guy had a short fat and very limp dick. Sonia said, "
Okay Bob stroke him then pop him in your mouth and lick and boys we want to see
smiles! Remember if we had lost two of us would be knelling and licking dick so
tough luck! Go to it baby!"  Tina squeezed his balls and Bob knew that he must
suffer this disgrace. He picked up Guys dick in his hand. Guy tried to move back
but Sonia held him firm as Bob stroked him. It felt disgusting to touch another
mans privates and Bob shuddered as he fondled Guy. To his disgust Guy became
semi hard and this produced cheers from the women and the flash of several
cameras. Sonia said, " Okay get licking Bob! Nice long strokes and both of you
smile this is just the first of many disgusting things we are going to make you
babes suffer!" Bob took the dick into his mouth the taste of it made him choke
but feeling Tina's fingers gripping his balls he started to lick it. Guy was
soon very hard and to his horror Bob realised that Guy was getting excited. Then
he remembered that Guy had the nickname quickshot and tried to pull off. He had
released Guys dick when suddenly Guy came and shot spunk all over Bobs horrified
face as the girls laughed and cheered at his total humiliation and cameras
flashed.

Tina said, " What a shame Guy was just ready for your arse Bob! Okay scene two
boys. Bob lie down and Guy lick his dick while you wank yourself hard again!"
Bob was pulled down as Guy was dragged between his legs and forced to take Bobs
limp dick in his mouth. Bob had hated giving head to another man but to receive
it was worse particularly as Guy cried and choked on him. For several minutes
Guy sucked him but was unable to get Bob hard even with the ridicule of the
women. Finally to both boys relief Sonia said, " Well Bob may be a good cock
sucker but Guy is a disaster I hope he can lick pussy well because if not I will
personally turn him in a eunuch!  Okay turn Bob over! Time for Guy to show his
paces!" Bob begged as Tina gripped his balls and he was flipped on to his front.
He heard the women shouting, " Go Guy Go!" And felt the tip of his penis at his
anus. Tina said, " Relax Bob and enjoy it! That way it will hurt less and
remember darling this is just the first of many sessions with things rammed in
your arse! I own a studded strap- on which will make Guys little toy seem easy!
When he has finished with you I shall introduce you to six inches of plastic
hell!"  Then Guy penetrated him and Bob screamed with pain as Sonia said, " Ram
him Guy slam it into him or I will rip your balls off! I want to hear him
scream!" Guy slammed in and out of Bob's tight sensitive anus stretching and
tugging as Bob moaned in agony beneath him. For five minutes Guy rammed into Bob
each stroke was agony for the poor boy but his moans brought amused laughter
from the gang of women crowding around and laughing at his plight. Then Guy
started to come and shot his load over Bob's back as more pictures were taken
and more mocking laughter filled the room.  Guy collapsed next to Bob and both
boys started to cry with humiliation and in the case of Bob pain.

Sonia said, " Okay Guy time for you to get your tongue busy you have a dozen
ladies to satisfy before we go to the bar and you lap dance for us!" And Guy was
pulled away. Another large ugly women grabbed Bob's dick and said, " Nice show
sexy! I think I will stay behind and use this toy! However I think we should
make you pretty first as you obviously enjoy being a sissy!" Tina laughed and
said, " Excellent idea Mandy! Let's turn him into a girl!" "First off" said
Mandy " I think he needs all that nasty hair removed! Give us the wax kit
Janet!" A tall slim girl with pert breasts and an attractive face handed Mandy a
box and said, " I bags to pull half his pubes out!" And smiled evilly at the
humiliated boy. The girls held him firm as wax was smeared over his lower body
and covered with paper. Bob moaned he was in pain from his red hot stretched
anus and he could see Guy lying his head buried under the skirt of a massive
redhead while Sonia held his balls and was forcing him to serve. As he watched
the red head moaned and pulled off and Bob had a flash of a frightened flushed
face before another large women sat on Guy's head. Mandy said, " Okay ready to
rip!" And pulled a long strip of leg hair out. Bob screamed as the girls ripped
his legs clean. He was lying moaning as he realised that Mandy and Janet were
holding two strips of paper attached to his groin. Instantly he started to beg
for mercy but Janet said, " No chance baby! If we had lost it could have been me
kneeling covered in spunk instead it is you! So tough now enjoy!" And then both
girls slowly pulled his pubic hair out. Bob screamed as fire flashed through his
body and twisted but the other laughing women held him firm as the torture
continued.  Finally the paper was off and Bob lay moaning as the girls painted
his nails with bright red nail polish and then screamed as Mandy started to
paint his balls as well. Mandy said, " Lie still wimp or I will rip them off it
is only nail polish and only stings a little!"  Bob groaned as the polish burnt
his balls but lay still as he was transformed. As Mandy painted him two other
girls made his face up with thick make up. Then Janet said, " A sissy costume
for a sissy!" Bob was pulled to his feet and dressed by the laughing women in a
very tight corset, stockings and suspenders, tight stiletto shoes, gloves and a
short baby doll nightie. Finally Janet said, " A tail for the sissy!" And
produced a dildo with a flurry fur rabbits tail on the end Bob moaned as Janet
pushed the dildo deep into his anus. Then the girls stood back and Bob was
forced to pose for pictures and then dance for the laughing crowd. He realised
that the girls now had enough pictures to blackmail him into anything they
wanted and shuddered at the prospect of being at the mercy of such heartless
bitches.

Then Tina said, " Okay toy this is how you will dress whenever we are going to
use you after all your boyfriend will want to be pretty when he screws you every
night on the stage to get us ready and wet for pleasing! However we want you to
please us like a good toy boy now not a sissy! So rub your dick hard and get
ready to serve!" And Bob was flung on the mattress and looked up in horror as he
saw Tina strip exposing her unappealing massive body to his terrified gaze as
she mounted him and seized his penis in her fat hands. She roughly got him semi
erect before engulfing him in her massive wet pussy and commencing to ride him.
As she slammed up and down on top of him Bob looked around. Watching his
violation were about six women laughing and enjoying the show some of them
obviously turned on and eager to have a ride. Behind them he could see Guy being
pulled to his feet his balls still in Sonia's hand. Sonia shouted across" We are
off to the bar with our toy see you lot latter. Remember Bob and Guy have to do
a full show when we return and we will want to use Bob after that so do not
exhaust him too much!"  Most of the girls left pulling the naked terrified Guy
out by his balls with another woman's hand embedded deep into his anus. Janet
shouted back, " No worries we will keep him nice and safe!" And then she kicked
Bob between the legs shouting, "" A good kicking will keep his spunk in!" Bob
convulsed under Tina and nearly lost his erection as waves of pain from his
damaged nuts flooded his body. Tina tightened her vagina muscles and said, "
Careful Janet! We will need him to stay hard! Okay darling concentrate on
pleasing me baby!" And leaning forward she crushed him under her massive body
and kissed him roughly as her pussy rode him. Tina ground up and down his dick
and soon she was moving incredibly fast for a large woman on top of him as she
got herself close to orgasm. She gripped his ears in her hands as she came
twisting and smashing his head as her body went crazy on top of him and she
screamed with overwhelming delight. When she calmed down Bob lay under her
battered and bruised by her energy as the other girls applauded her orgasm. Bob
realised that these strumpets were used to enjoying pleasures together and found
nothing strange about coming in front of each other.

Tina pulled off him and was instantly replaced by a disgusting woman. She was as
large as Tina was with small empty breasts, an enormous stomach and thighs like
tree trunks. Her body was covered in spots and unsightly hair and her face was
grim. Bob had seen better-looking gorillas than this monster but with horror he
knew she was going to have him and he could do nothing about it. She said, "My
name is Val! You and I are going to have many a happy session over the next two
exciting weeks! Now lick me off then please me and sexy as a special treat you
can come inside me when your cute dick gives me my second!" Bob was even more
horrified as her massive hairy and smelly pussy descended onto his mouth. He
choked as he tried to lick and please her on its foul stench, horrified by the
notion that she expected him to come inside her and terrified of what such a
gargoyle would do to him if he did not. Just as he hoped he would pass out under
her ugly pussy she wiggled gasped and came. Bob was pleased she had come quickly
but she reversed and he was sunk into her pussies wet passage and she said, "
Good tongue work! Now let me test your dick! Remember sexy when I come we all
want to see you come!" She lent forward and her fat sweaty fat swamped him as
her fat lips bit and licked his terrified face. Inside her slippery pussy Bob
was only just erect and as she rode him he was unable to fantasise himself
excited. He lay imprisoned under her flab as she pounded away on top and to his
horror she was soon coming with a disgusting grunt. When she had come she glared
at Bob and said, " No spunk toy! You really are a sissy! I wanted you to fire
into me and you have disappointed me! I think you need to be punished!" She
pulled off him and pulled him across the floor and into the bathrooms flinging
him into a shower stall she said, " My bladder is bursting with all that beer
sexy! Time for you to have a drink! Every drop you spill stud is a ball kick
okay!" Then she grabbed his head and pushed it into her groin. Her hand forced
his mouth open and as the other women laughed she started to piss into his open
mouth. He choked and swallowed the foul liquid as it poured into him until after
an eternity it stopped. Val said, " Lick the drops of the floor then off me
sissy" Bob crying with shame did as she ordered and as his bitter tongue licked
her massive thighs and pussy her hands pulled him in close as she said, " I feel
sexy again darling! Lick my furry toy again!" His tongue desperately licked her
and soon she had a third moaning orgasm. To his horror Bob heard Tina say"
Anyone else need the toilet after me!" And his face was passed into Tina's
gaping pussy. Again he had to horror of being pissed on and after she had
finished he was lying covered in foul liquid when his stomach heaved and he
threw up all over his broken body. Tina simply turned the shower hose on him and
blasted freezing water over his body until he was useable as a toilet by another
four women. After that humiliation he again threw the piss he had swallowed back
up and lay curled in a crying heap on the shower floor as Tina blasted him
clean. 

Then he felt warm water on his body and looking up he saw a naked Mandy enter
the shower her face full of lust. She pulled him to his feet and pinned him to
the back of the shower saying, " Let me strip these wet clothes off you stud! I
like my man to look like a man when I screw them! Now Tina has you cute and
clean you and I can get acquainted in a nice warm clean sexy shower!" She ripped
his female clothes off and threw them out of the shower to the cheers of the
audience until he was naked in front of her huge ugly body. Then she
passionately kissed him her hands pawing and pinching his bruised body and
rubbing against him as the water flowed over them. Then he was pushed down and
for a second time his face was in close contact with her pussy. This time it was
not pissing on him but the sight of it gaping and moist was nearly as terrifying
for the poor toy boy as he started to lick and suck her. The warm water flowed
over them as he brought her to a raging orgasm. Then he was unceremonially
dragged up and his semi erect dick forced deep into her as pinning him to the
shower wall she gripped his arse in her hands and manipulated him in and out of
her body. They screwed for five minutes until Mandy came with a loud scream and
pushed him out. He hardly had time to breathe before another woman entered the
shower sized his dick and forced it into her pussy. It was Tara a skinny plain
girl with small breasts. Her pussy was tight against his shaft as they made love
and Bob moaned with pleasure.  He was able to forget the taste of her piss and
the other humiliations he had already suffered at the girls' hands and instead
he concentrated on the woman in front of him. Tara moaned with a passion as her
pussy ravished his excited penis and was soon screaming with orgasm as Bob lost
control and came with her. They collapsed together and then Tara said, " More!"
Bob groaned but Tara quickly pushed him to his knees and he was forced to lick
her small vagina. It took him several minutes to bring her off again the water
pouring over his shattered body as he licked her.

When Tara had come Bob was seized by Tina her hand grabbing his balls hard as
she said, " Naughty boy! Shooting a load into Tara but not sweat little Val! She
wants revenge for that! Come and met a close personal friend of hers!" he was
dragged back into the barracks wet and naked and thrown on the mattress again.
He looked up and saw a naked Val approach. She was grossly ugly but even more
terrifyingly she was wearing a massive dildo that jutted obscenely out of her
pussy. Bob moaned as Val said, " You may have found Guy painful so just think
what my toy will do to you! Now lick it nice and wet so it can enter you easily
pussy slave!" Bob was forced to lick the monster and wet it with his terrified
mouth before he was pinned to the mattress by the girls. A pillow raised his
buttocks and then he felt Val place the tip of the dildo in him and he started
to beg. She laughed and said, " No way baby! I want you to enjoy the feel of a
big dick in you not Guy's little toy! Next time I want you to come baby you
will! Now after a couple of minutes I tend to get excited on my nice stubby end
and sexy I want you to fake pleasure with me! The quicker I come remember the
quicker your agony stops!" Then she drove deep into him and Bob's world exploded
into pain as he cried out loud in agony. Each thrust of the monster ripped into
him and made him scream but soon he could hear Val getting excited and knew he
had to stop screaming in pain and pretend to enjoy his rape.  He managed to
change his screams into loud moans and as Val increased the pace of her thrusts
he was able by terrified will power to wiggle and groan in faked pleasure until
Val came noisily on her end of the dildo. Val pulled out and he collapsed
sobbing his anus on fire from its ravishment as Tina said, " I think our sissy
protests too much! I reckon he likes to be raped!" Then Janet said, " I do not
think he will like this! I am going to ball bang him!"

Again the girls held him firm as Janet stripped and Bob could admire her sexy
body. Janet said, " This is the ultimate in girl fun boy pain Bobbie!" And
mounted him. She sat astride his body and seized his balls in her hands. Then
she slipped a leg under him and scissored his body in between her legs. She
pulled him towards her until his balls were resting firmly between her legs and
Bob could feel her hot pussy on the balls underside. Then she tightened a bit
more and her hands forced his sacs to flatten against her pussy and Bob moaned
as pain exploded in his balls. Her pussy started to grind against his flattened
balls crushing them in its tight embrace. Bob screamed and struggled to escape
but Janet held his sacs firm in her hand and he could not move. As Janet
massaged her pussy with his soft balls the pain became so great that Bob could
not move and could only lie screaming as pain flooded his body. The pain was now
so intense that he could not move see or even scream let alone pass out. He was
vaguely aware of vomiting into a bucket and of Janet moaning and crushing him
tighter as she came on his most sensitive of possessions before blissfully he
passing out.

He awoke screaming to feel Tina squeezing his balls she said, " No time for
sleep sexy! You have women to serve! Open wide and get licking stud! Some more
of your fan club are here and want to be made happy!"  Bob looked and saw a
group of about six women who had returned laden with booze from the party. One a
blonde giantess said, " Yes Bob we want to come! Quickly but nicely sexy! I want
to go back to the party! Guy is not enjoying himself at all. His dancing has
improved since Nicole attached the fish line to his balls and Lucy rammed the
broom handle up his arse! Some of the girls are giving the men hand jobs and
collecting the spunk and glorious Guy is going to eat it soon! Don't worry sissy
we will save a big glass for you!" Bob groaned his balls were sending waves of
agony through him and the idea of eating numerous men's spunk made him shudder.
Then Mandy said, " I need a drink! Lick me off fast Bob!" Mandy was dressed in
her uniform and she mounted him and raised her massive skirt and Bob could see
she had no panties on as her now familiar hairy pussy descended onto his tongue. 
Her thighs gripped his head and her skirt covered his head. Bob was trapped in a
world of female pussy he could not see or hear all he could do was smell and
lick pussy. It took him several minutes to satisfy Mandy and as soon as she
pulled off another women replaced her and again he was reduced to a suck toy.
During the next twenty minutes he pleased four nameless females. Then he felt
his dick being licked and stroked and moaned into the large smelly hairy pussy
covering his face. He continued to lick but his dick soon was hard and then he
felt a large woman mount him and engulf his pussy in her large pussy and ride
him. Bob groaned as he was used as a love slave as well as a suck slave.

It was incredibly humiliating to be used by the women who sat around drinking
and laughing and waiting for a turn on his body. To them he was just a love toy
and they used him without any thought of him as a person. He did not know the
names of the women who amused themselves on his body just the taste and feel of
their demanding pussies. For over an hour he was forced to screw and suck losing
count of the number of women who came on his bruised body. His dick remained
hard throughout its ordeal as the waves of pain from his crushed testicles kept
his excitement muted. Then a large gang of women poured laughing and cheering
into the barracks and Bob realised that the party was over. Then he saw Guy
being pulled along by a fishing line attached to his balls while another sadist
pushed him along by holding a broom stick deep into his anus. Guy was shaking
his body and dancing as he was pulled a terrified fixed grin on his face. The
girls pulled him around the barracks as Bob brought off the skinny ugly woman
with a grating pussy who was using his inflamed penis. Then Sonia approached him
and said, " Have a drink sexy!" Bob groaned but did not resist as she got a
glass half full of cold spunk and slowly poured it into him. He choked as the
sickly liquid slipped down and the humiliation drained his remaining strength
away. Then Guy was flung down next to him and Tina said, " Well love toys the
evening is still young and our pussies are still horny! You little wimps have
only brushed the surface of our demands! Now boys we want a love show no holding
back enjoy each other but no coming! Remember after the show we are going to
gangbang you good and hard! Don't expect any sleep tonight toys as some of us
will screw all night!"  " Not me!" Said Val " I am an early riser! So my sexy
love slaves you will met my pussy early tomorrow!" The women laughed as Tina
said, " Yes cutie pies with over thirty mistresses to keep satisfied we are
going to be screwing you from now until Monday! The only rest you will get from
pussy slavery will be when you get to entertain us with a nice little cute gay
show! Okay boys make love!" 

Bob looked at Guy and saw his eyes wide with horror, terror, fear and exhaustion
and realised that he too must look the same. Guy's whole body was covered in
bruises and scratches. Then Sonia grabbed Guy and turned him around shouting, "
Lick each other get those slave dicks hard toys!" And Bob's face was forced into
Guy's groin. Guy's dick was limp scratched and bruised. His balls were swollen
and bleeding and surely his testicles did not used to hang like that! Then Bob
was kicked in the back by several powerful female boots and knew he had no
choice but to perform another degrading act under the amazon's lust filled eyes.
Therefore as he felt his own penis enter Guy's mouth he took hold of Guy and
slipped the revolting object into him. He heard Guy start to cry and then could
not hold back his own tears as above the crying men the women laughed and joked.
Spraying beer and spitting at the broken boys performing for their entertainment
and each woman relishing her victory the long night of the military misses
victory celebration continued. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





