BDSM Library - Cruel Hands




Cruel Hands
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man's love of handjobs leads him to a long weekend at the mercy of his girlfriend.
  Please let me know if you enjoyed the story, or if you are a young lady who
would like to explore this theme, please email me at mrstefens@aol.com

                                        CRUEL HANDS

  It's late in the evening, but I don't really know what time it is or exactly
how long I have been in this position.  I do know this afternoon was pure
torment, Julia visiting my room every hour or so and playing with me between my
legs.  I been here for a while that is certain, because between playing with me
every so often, she has managed to shave my privates balder than a bowling
ball, and has milked my balls dry at least twice.
  My cock is sore and a bit chapped, the results of a masturbation session with
hand creme and coffee grounds..and a few swipes with that little bristle
brush...that left me spent and raw. 
   I suppose I should have guessed something like this was going to happen when
she had me dress in a thick cotton tee shirt and white socks and nothing else.
Imagine laying on a bed with your legs spread wide in just an old tee shirt and
socks and having your girlfriend toy with your cock, being told not to move,
not to make a sound.....and being slowly masturbated, tickled with a feather,
slapped, pinched, stroked squeezed and teased for a whole day.
  At one point she even closed all the drapes, lit a candle and put dark
sunglasses on me so I could just barely see, and then paraded around the room
in a pretty boned leather corset, pvc thigh highs, and some wicked high heels.
God was I straining to see that, she knows what those fetish costumes do to
me.....
  All that a prelude to having my balls massaged for about 30 minutes with warm
oils and then wrapped in a warm cloth dampened with cinnamon oils and
teasing my cock head in to one of those male jack off tubes with the little
pneumatic pumps bulbs....playing me like I was some type of musical instrument
for about an hour.   
  Or like that wasn't embarrassing enough, earlier, to sit at the table for
lunch with my cock and balls exposed and in her plain view.  She put a cock
ring on me and got me pretty hard...my erection jetting out in front of me and
holding fast with all that blood trapped in there from that ring she is so fond
of.
  I'm sure that's why she asked me to be a dear and bring her this or that from
the refrigerator.  My little wang stiff and standing out, and bobbing up and
down with each step as I walked. 
  And Julia making comments about how she is sure her girlfriend so and so
would love to see that, maybe she should just go call her right now...would I
like that, to show all my manly charms to her girlfriend....telling me I am
such a slut.....
  After lunch she had me laying on my back on the bed, my hands tied at my
side, and my legs splayed wide open with my ankles tied to the posts at the end
of the bed, a couple of pillows under my bare bottom.  Pretty much dark in
that room....and me, no cover, just a small towel draped over my crotch, and
an adjustable desk light that is positioned to shine directly on the towel.
Except, I could see well enough to make out the mineral oil, and the rubber
gloves, and that bristle brush, and the leather cock sheath sitting on the
table next to the bed.  I remember thinking I may be here for a while this
evening.
  I hear her coming down the hall now, and she is taklking and laughing with
someone....another female voice.  God, she didn't.  Not one of her girlfriends.
 I have to see these people everyday or so....that would be going too far.  I
am praying that she passes right by this room....a bit of psychological
torture, something to scare me a little.  We had played around with this theme
a bit, but, she wouldn't really plan something like this, not with another
girl, letting her in on this little private fetish of mine.
  The door opens and Julia and another girl, Becky I heard her say, enter the
room.  I should have guessed.  I try to pull my legs close, but, even as I
start to close them I know the ankle restraints will make that impossible.  I
have seen this girl somewhere, but, I can't exactly place her right now.  
  She doesn't waste anytime and walks right over to the bed and folds the towel
back, exposing my cock and balls to Becky's eager gaze.
  "This is my boyfriend I told you about.  The one who needs milkings."  Julia
smiles.  She knows she has me now, knows all about those private fantasies I
whispered to her....my weakness for the female hand....I didn't think she
would....
   "Don't be rude to our guest dear, say hi to Becky..."  I try to avert my
gaze, muttering out a small greeting in spite of my absolute humiliation at
being seen in this position, understanding that my sexual fetish had been
discussed like another mundane topic between two girlfriends chatting.  Becky
is
looking right at me, no embarrassment on her part.
  They are even dressed to slay me.  Short dark tight skirts, with a narrow
high slit up the front, starch white blouses, black patterned hose, shinny
black heels that must be four or five inches high.  
  They had pulled their hair back, giving them a somewhat stern, prim look.  I
swallowed hard as I glanced down at their hands.  Lacey black wrist length
gloves.  That wasn't gonna feel very good in my present situation.  Not after
that milking session Julia had given me earlier, where she rubbed lotion all
over her hands and then sat them down palm open in a dish filled with coffee
ground, probably starbucks knowing her.
    That smarted, and the harder I got the harder she gripped my straining cock
as she masturbated me, and the grounds dug in causing me to twist and turn and
still, I could resist.  Now I was sore, and my cock had little surface
scratches that would be pretty aware of any rough lace drawn up and down it.
  "He has these ridiculous idea about that silly little thing between his
legs there Becky, always wanted to put it in something....he can be quite a
bother if I don't keep him well milked" Julia said with a little smile playing
across her lush lips.
  "Simply ridiculous...." Becky repeats...looking down at my limp
cock...."doens't look too imposing now though, does it....."    Bitch
  "feel free to examine him too Becky.  He is well hung when hard..though he
may act like he has no love for this...you'll see in just one minute....he
becomes quite lewd with a little handling from a female hand...don't you
little slut..."
  Becky and Julia sit down on the opposite sides of the bed.  Crossing their
legs and letting a shoe dangle off their foot, their short skirts pull up their
legs, revealing two sets of shinny sheer stockings, high enough I could see the
little brocade pattern embedded across the top of the stocking panels...They
haven't missed a thing for this have they I think.
   Julia reaches over like she owns my thing and lifts the end of my cock, just
under the head, on two fingers and bounces it up and down a little.
  She takes just the head of my penis and stretches it out, holding the head up
against my belly with two fingers and starts to tickle my now hardening shaft
with her long tapered finger nails, descending down till her fingernails are
playing across the front of my ball sac, tickling me, and causing my balls to
lurch up.  She even two or three times giving the top of my ball sac light a
little slap, and giggles as I buck up with that smarting.
  Still holding my penis with two fingers and stretched up against my belly,
she rubs the heel of her palm up slowly all along the length of my cock, making
little circle patterns on the underside of my shaft as her palm heel works its
way up to my captured cock head, then starting at the base again, repeats her
massages.
  I'm starting to respond now, as much as it embarrasses me in front of this
girl I don't know...
  " I play with him like this quite often....make him keep his cock open and
ready for my hand sometimes for the whole weekend.  It keeps me amused.  It
galls him sometimes to have to cum repeatedly in my pretty little hands instead
of my mouth or my bottom like he would like to.  But, he is such a little slut
for this I can get him to do almost anything for me if I play with him for a
bit.....can't I dear...yes...do you like it when Julia plays with your little
wee
wee for you.....milking all your man juice out, spilling yourself all over my
cruel hands.... hmmm...do you like being my little cock toy ......."
  It would be an understatement to say I was caught.  I was getting hard as a
rock, like I always do when Julia subjected me to a masturbation session, and
teases me about my need.  But sitting next to me, watching my humiliating
display, was a girl I barely knew.  Someone that found the whole spectacle of a
grown man laying bound in a bed and being subject to lewd handling casually
amusing, a moments diversion for her, a little play thing, like a friends puppy
dog that had caught her attention for a moment. 
   Julia cups my balls in her open palm.  She shaved me this morning, and I am
as hairless as a newborn baby.  I didn't mind the shaving so much, it felt nice
and she was very gentle, and there was not even a nick.  Actually, I got quite
hard, and Julia played with me after she finished shaving my balls.  Gave me a
very long and intense jack off session.  Told me to close my eyes just as I was
building to an orgasm.  It felt so wonderful.....till....this was too
much...just as I was starting to spurt, she pulls a wash cloth from behind her
back and holds it firmly against my ball sac as she continued to frig me off
with her other hand.  " we can't forget the after shave now can we
sweetheart......"  I always love how she has such a caring sweet voice as she
subjects my cock and balls to these torments..... an electric jolt that felt
like a thousand little pin pricks shot thru my balls, and I bucked up and down
and twisted and my legs pulled hard against the restraints....it was too late
anyway, I was over the top, and I shot off.  I think the jolt of that
aftershave soaked face cloth held firmly against my balls sent my first shot of
jism 10 feet high....and it plopped down and made a little puddle on my chest
as the second salvo started....
  " I think all boys should be milked like this often Julia"  Becky purrs..."to
keep that thing under control...other wise they get sooo bossy."
  Julia feels my penis slowly twitch as Becky was speaking in such a sexy
little bitch voice.  She didn't miss that, I was sure.  
  ."..in fact, I read this story yesterday..about a special jacket for boys
that have developed the nasty habit of touching themselves...and it made me
start thinking about a special home that could be opened for boys with jerk off
problems, and how we could make these kind of jackets, and things we would
do...it was all very real to me when I was imagining it."
  Julia notices a swelling at the mention of this jacket....she lets my  hard
cock rest on the inside of her open palm, closing her hand and squeezing the
shaft from time to time as she listens to Becky describe the jacket....
  "It is made of a canvass material and covers the boy from his chin down to
just below his belly button.  It has extra long arms with straps at the end of
it so they can be buckled in front at the collar, like if you wanted him to be
able to carry something, but, he couldn't lower his hands far enough to touch
himself down there.  
  Or even pull it around to the back and buckled behind the boy.  There was
another strap too, that ran down the front from the middle of the jacket and
then could be pulled down the front all the way and back up between the bottom
cheeks and buckled.  It had this little slit for the area that would go over
the boy's cock and balls...so you could pull his cock and balls thru before it
was buckled..and it pushed his stuff out a little so when he would walk around
it would be held out in front.  And so you could keep an eye on him that
way...see if he was aroused or having naughty thoughts or anything."
  Who was this little mantrap anyway. 
    Julia started stroking me hard now with repeated upward motions.  She would
sweep all the way from the base of his hard cock to the top with a very snug
grip, and then just let the cock go, watching as it plopped back against his
belly, then grasp it again and give another quick firm brisk upward stroke.
  "Oh, these boys at the place I imagined were being monitored for lewdness
Miss Julia.  They had to go about all there regular activities, and sometimes
we could get one in our large activity room, working as an assistant.  He had
to go and bring things to us that we needed for what ever the activity we were
doing that day, paper or chalk, knitting yarn, or just go and get us cans of
pop...just be there to help us when we asked for something.  His little thingy
would be wiggling around when he went to fetch things, he would really look
quite silly I think.  But, really, he was being watched that he didn't get all
hard all the time, or heaven forbid spurt off on something. " And we would
have to check him everyone in a while, a little inspection to see if he was
behaving." 
  "The thing is Miss Julia, there are girls who would like to play around with
what ever boy was in there that day.  They, or I guess. me too...would do
things to him sometimes....to get them in trouble." 
  "See, he wouldn't be allowed to ejaculate, and he would know that if he did
he would have his bottom strapped later, by the lady in charge."
  "We'd toy with them when the directoress wasn't in the room.  Maybe give him
some looks at our under panties...or one girl could hold him in back by the
straps so he could run away and put her feet between his, making him open his
legs...and we'd play games with his  poor little cock....hold it, and rub it
or slap it back and forth, or rub lotion on our hands while he had to stand
there and then frig his penis in front of all the girls....just pump his cock
up and down and caress his little tight ball sac." 
  "Oh you could just imagine how he would twist around and bite his lips and
ask us to stop and try to pull his cock away from our hands.....trying not to
spurt off."
  "It would be very amusing.  Sooner of later someone's hands would work that
poor cock too much and he would groan and moan in anguish and his cum would
spurt off all down his leg or on some piece of furniture, or the front of that
little jacket."
  "We would call the directoress right away and report him, for being so lewd
when we were just doing our normal inspection.  Maybe she would bring the strap
out of the office and do him right there in front of all us girls...can you see
that Miss Julia, the strap across his bottom, make him dance around in that
jacket, and wet thingy bobbing up and down as he hopped around the room trying
to avoid the strap."
  God what a little minx she was...a cute innocent little cruel masturbatrix
with cock torments just gushing out of that cute all american face.
  " Oh Becky, what a perfectly wonderful idea', Julia smiled.  "Isn't that a
wonderful idea dear....we will need to get one of those jackets made right
away..."
  I was quite stricken.  I glared up at Becky for bringing up this horrid
idea.  Wasn't it enough shame that I was tied down to a bed with my legs wide
apart, wearing only a tee shirt and white sock, had a light shinning right on
my cock and balls, and Becky watched as Julia rolled and fiddled with my
obviously aroused penis in front of her.
  Julia ran her thumb pad held firm up the underside of the shaft, using her
other hand to squeeze hard at the base, trapping my blood in my now fully erect
penis and sending a little shiver of sensation thru my groin.  My cock pulsed a
couple of times and Julia smiled.
  "OH, I am so glad to see that this idea appeals to you....Males never know
what is best for them when it comes to this Becky., they try to act so very
important and powerful, and they are so easily controlled by this funny little
thing that dangles between their legs...if only more girls understood
this....how easily led men really are by these few inches of skin.... "  Julia
said as she shook my cock back and forth toward my face..
  She grips my now very erect organ and works her fist up and down the entire
length of my shaft.  She is frigging me hard now, making my balls bounce up and
down in motion with her hand.  The sensation is too much, my cock still tender
and raw from the two earlier milkings, and I am shifting my hips side to side a
little, wanting more and yet still feeling the my chapped cock shaft sting.
  Julia pumped me up and down for a while, and then held my cock at its base
and moved the entire shaft from side to side and back and forth like she was
driving a stick shift on a car, bringing little mews of delight from becky.
Becky was leaning forward mow, her lace covered hand resting casually on my
upper thigh as she watched Julia manipulate my blood engorged cock. 
  Occasionally she would let my cock go entirely, and as it rose from my
belly, would use the tips of her fingers held together to slap the sides of it,
back and forth between here two open hands.  They were good stinging slaps,
sending my cock in one direction quickly, and then another finger tip slap
sending it back hard the other way.
  Becky seemed to enjoy that....clasping her hands together and bending forward
wiggling her little skirt encased bottom slightly on the bed, her eyes wide
and little sounds of mirth escaping from her lips in time to each slap of my
penis.
  Julia now changed tactics, smacking my cock on its underside, sending it up
fast to slap against my belly only to rebound and be slapped again.  She
started to use under handed smacks and laughed as she got a little bouncing
action set up with her little play toy.  After a bit she started again to
gently masturbate me, wrapping her fingers around my shaft and pumping me up
and down.
  Twice she brought me to the brink of orgasm, only to stop and wait till the
crisis had passed.  I'm sure I looked quite amusing to them, my hard cock
straining and twitching in the air...my hips starting an involuntary pumping as
I tried unsuccessfully to fuck in to something, in to the air.
  The girls would giggle at my lewd pumping action, point their fingers at my
cock and make comments to tease me about how bad I needed to cum, how full my
balls must be getting, and teasing me about how it is sooo mean of them to
play with me like that and not let me shoot my nasty stuff all over...
  Julia releases my cock and bids Becky to try her hand at this amusing sport.
Becky's hands are not so soft, and she grips me hard and starts up immediately
with a hard jacking action up and down of my sore cock.
  " Do you want me to let you shoot all that nasty goo over my hand you little
jackoff"....becky askes on her best little girl voice...".would that feel good
....what would you for us if we let you spurt.......would you lick Miss Julia
bare bottom ...put your tongue up back there and use you lips on her.....do you
like this......are you going to spurt on my hand you nasty little thing......"
  Becky was working me fast now and I was pumping my hips up and down in tune
with her hand.....my head turned to the side, my mouth parted, my breathing
ragged.  I could feel my balls jiggling up and down with the motion of her
hand.....my arousal starting to reach a fevered pitch. 
  Here I was laying bound and very helpless in my bed, my sore abused cock
being pumped hard by some young girl I hardly knew, my girlfriend sitting on
the other side of me watching....and me losing what ever will and dignity I
ever though I might have had under the feeling of a female stroking on my cock.
 It seemed Julia was right, I would suffer almost any indignity to be milked
like this.....any request would be granted...my will, my manhood being reduced
a little with ever spending of my seed in to some girls cruel uncaring hand.
  " I think he's gonna squirt now Miss Julia...." Becky says.  "His cock head
is getting bigger and look at how his balls are all tight in their little
pouch."  "Oh, you better not cum young man.....you do not have permission to
spurt ....."
  Julia reached her hand under my balls and let them rest on her open palm.
She rubbed her thumb lightly across the front of my balls as Becky continued to
pump my cock up and down in a deliberate and strong pace.
  " Shame on you ...you wicked thing."  Miss Julia taunts me.  "The very idea
that you would soil Becky's hand with your vile spurting" Julia smiles....."
shall employ a strap of my own if you can't seem to control yourself any better
than that.....most definitely that's what you have coming later you disgusting
little man should you spurt all over Becky's hand......"
  Becky apparently gets excited by this, because she tightens her little girl
fist around my cock and pulls the skin up and down quickly.....squeezing hard
on the down stroke and releasing just a little as her delicate little fingers
glide back up over my engorged shaft.  
  Julia wasn't helping my control either.  She had shifted on the bed and had
both her hands at work on my tight balls.  She bunched up the loose skin she
could find just behind each ball, gripping the skin folds hard, one hand
gripping the skin behind each ball, pulling down, stretching my ball sac out
long....then to the side, pulling the skin in opposite direction. stretching my
ball sac length ways.  
  She let my balls rest on her fingers, still gripping my skin under my sac, my
balls sitting on top of her folded finger at the first knuckle.  She started
bouncing my balls up and down on the top of her folded fingers, by turning her
wrists up and down quickly, sending my balls on a wild ride, jiggling and
rolling in their sac.
  Then she started to alternate the bounces,  first the right one up as the
left was down, then the left one up as the right was down.  Pretty soon she had
build a little pace of pulling and twisting and bouncing my balls that had me
squirming all over the top of the bed.
  I start to tense up and can feel both girls eyes are glued to my swelled cock
 
" You better behave yourself young man.."  Julia said in her most mocking
authoritative voice...
  My cock head twitches, and Becky pulls hard on a downward stroke.  Julia
grips the skin under my balls tight and pulls my ball sac up and down
hard.....the first gob of sperm arcs out of my cock head and fly in to the
air, landing back on Becky's pistoning hand.  
  She pumps me up and down is short tight strokes just below my cock head, as
Julia pulls my ball sac skin as tight as is possible, and starts to twist and
kneed and roll my balls tight over the top of her gripping hand.
  I shoot again and can barely hear Becky saying "..oh, your gonna get the
strap now you wanker....you naughty naughty little jerker....we'll need a
jacket for a nasty little spurter like you won't we..."  
  I didn't care...I was lost now her words only making me even hotter, to hear
her soft little girl bitch voice chastise me as I dumped my load all over her
pretty petite fingers.  She pumped me off and told me I was" naughty" and a
"little jerker" and now I would feel the "strap"... all in a soft, gentle
whisper......I can't help it, I shoot again, my warm sperm leaving a trail of
gooey lust across Julia upturned wrist...
  "you vile nasty young man."...I hear Julia faintly as I spurt another jolt of
goo.  
  I feel Becky holding my cock up straight and she starts at the bottom of my
shaft and in one deliberate motion, with her whole hand wrapped around my
pulsating rod...squeezes hard and slowly up, as Julia squeezes my ball sac and
pushes up slowly.....together milking the last drops of my will from my drained
balls.
  " Do you think you join us for dinner later this evening Becky....."  Julia
is asking as I close my eyes and sink back in to the soft mattress..." we have
so many plans to make..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr. Stefens


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





