BDSM Library - Venus-A Personal Journal of Exploration




Venus-A Personal Journal of Exploration
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman goes to a spa and discovers its not your normal spa and her own sexuality.  This is the first of many of a woman's exploration into her sexual side.
Venus - a private journal of exploration

I woke up from my nap in a sweat.  That has happened a lot lately and I'm not
sure why.  It all started about 2 weeks ago when I got the envelope.  It didn't
have a return address on it but it was addressed to me.  I opened it and my jaw
dropped.  That's when I saw the words.

LET DESIRE DOMINATE YOU...

That was it.  Just "Let desire dominate you."  Those words kept repeating in my
mind throughout the day and insinuated themselves into my dreams that night. 
Nothing that I could put a finger on right away, but they must have.  I could
only think of two reasons why someone would be this drenched.  Either I had
dreamed I had run a marathon or I had.  Since I was in my apartment and none of
my clothes were drenched it had to have been another kind of marathon...a sexual
marathon.

My name is Venus and this is my story or least my journal.

July 12....

Today was my birthday and I couldn't wait.  I had decided to treat myself and
get a spa treatment.  It had been ages and it was about time that I looked after
myself.  After breaking up with my lover of 15 years, I now had only myself.  So
what better way to celebrate than on my birthday?  And there was a new spa
opened which offered discounts.  What more could one ask for.

I arrived early at the spa and filled out the necessary paperwork.  They
certainly asked a lot of personal questions I thought.  But then they could
tailor your stay to your needs.  My first stop was the mud bath.  Now I had
never had one of those before so I didn't really know what to think.  I was,
thankful though, that the mud was thick enough that nobody could see my naked
body.  Everybody else around me was sculptured like gods and goddess so I
thankfully just sunk into the mud.  Soon I felt hands on either side of my head
that threw me into a panic.  "Shhhh mon ami, let me help you.  You can relax. 
Just close your eyes and I will hold your head.  You won't drown and I won't let
anything happen to you."  I don't know, maybe it was because of the exotic
(different) atmosphere, the quietness of the place, the relaxing bath but I did
just that.  I listened to that wonderful rich accented voice and felt myself
drifting off to sleep.  "Mon Ami?  Time to wake up.  Time to rinse off. 
No..don't take off your mask.  Let me guide you.  Let Me be your eyes."  I was
escorted up out of the bath and told to stand still.  I imagined I was in a
shower since I could feel tiles under my feet.  Soon I felt the warm water
showering my body. "Hmmm.  Do you like this Mon Ami?  Did I get the temperature
right?"  I could only nod afraid to speak. I was expecting a loofa or something
to wash the mud off, but no.  I felt his hands.  It was surprising how much you
could tell about somebody when you can't see them.  These were the hands of a
lover.  That's when it dawned on me that I was allowing a stranger to run his
hands over my bare fat (to me anyway) body.  I started to protest and reached up
to take off the mask.  "No!" I protested.  "I would like a female attendant. 
I...I'm not happy with my body..I..."

"Shush, your body is fine.  It IS a bit more mature than the others around here,
but that is what I find sexy.  I wouldn't want somebody who I couldn't tell if
they were a man or woman.  I am here to help you.  To make you realize that you
are desirable."

"But what is your name?"

"Names mean nothing.  But if it pleases you to call me by a name, then call me
Pierre.  Let me wash you Venus.  Let me take care of you."

Ok.  So I'm a sucker for romance.  I figured why not.  This was my birthday. 
Even if I didn't do anything else or never saw (?  Actually I haven't "seen" him
yet) him again at least I would have one day to remember.  I let Pierre finish
washing the mud off me and then escort me to a table.  I tripped over something
on the floor and Pierre swept me into his arms to stop my fall.  "Careful mon
ami, I wouldn't want anything to happen to you."  The words whispered against my
ear sent tingles up and down my spine.  I just sighed and then stopped short. 
Pierre actually wasn't prepared for that and bumped into me.  I stopped because
it just dawned on me that Pierre didn't hve on any clothes.  At first I thought
it was no shirt since my hands discovered his bare chest when I tripped, but
when I stopped short, my ass was pushed up against him and he was naked. 
Totally naked...Naked and aroused.

Chuckling Pierre just gave me a little push and helped me to sit on the table. 
"You noticed that I too am without clothing, oui?   Don't worry.  It is more
convenient this way.  I can be by your side throughout your stay."    ~DUH
Venus.  Of course it would be more convenient.  He hadn't shown any
inappropriate behavior so don't dwell on it, although it DID feel pretty good
when you bumped into him,~

Pierre pushed me back onto the table and soon I felt cream being applied to my
legs.  Well this was different.  I had never had anybody shave me before.  I
must admit that I liked it.  It had to have been easier for them to do it.  I
was surprised though when I felt the cream being applied to my mound.  Before I
could protest though, I felt the cold steel of a straight razor going across my
skin.

"Lie still Venus.  I wouldn't want to cut you."  Well that made two of us.  I
didn't want him to cut me either.  I tired to be as still as I could, but he was
bent over and I could feel his breath against my skin.  It was delightful
torture.  "There. I believe I got them all.  Let me check."  Suddenly his tongue
was running across my mound following the path of the razor.  I couldn't help
it, I had a mild orgasm as soon as his tongue dipped down onto my clit.  That's
all it took.  Just one little lick on the clit and instant orgasm.  I was sooooo
embarrassed.  I tired to sit up, but Pierre held me down.  "Shhh.  Don't be
upset.  It is I who is thanking you for that compliment.  But there is more. 
Lie still.  I must do your legs now."  Nodding I just lay still.  This part was
easier.  Or at least I thought it would be.  I had forgotten about his tongue. 
After shaving one leg and rinsing off the cream, his tongue "inspected" my legs
to see if he had missed anything.  Who would have thought that shaving could be
so erotic.

"hmmm.  Perfect.  Now you are ready.  It is time for your massage."   Oh Goody.
This part I knew what to expect.  But then, I never had a naked man give ma
massage before. Actually I never had a man, naked or otherwise, give me a
massage before.  Should be interesting.  "Lie down here, mon ami."  I laid face
down on the table which he had led me to.  Soon I felt the oil being poured on
my back and his hands started the massage.  Oh God!  He had wonderful hands. 
They were large and he knew how to use them.  Soon I was drifting off into my
own dream world.  Imagining it was he and I on an island..He was putting sun
block on my naked body and at the same time playing with me, teasing me.  Soon I
felt his hands cupping my ass and massaging the oil in.  He was thorough and
made sure that the oil got everywhere including a little into the asshole
itself.  He kneaded the cheeks alternating, separating them and pushing them
together.  Soon I felt his huge cock at the tip of my asshole.  I tensed but his
hands kept up their massage and soon I was relaxed again.  Then he thrust
himself into me.  This was all so real.  A bit too real I soon realized as I
awoke from my dream.  This WASN'T a dream.  Pierre really HAD thrust his cock
into my ass and was fucking me.  He withdrew all the way and just hesitated a
minute before slamming into me again.  With each slam, I could hear his balls
hit my ass cheeks.  His hands pushed down on the small of my back rubbing in the
oil.  Then he started to slap my cheeks.  At first it was a small slap then it
got increasingly harder.  First one cheek and then the other.  All the while
slamming his cock into me.  "Yes mon ami, let yourself go.  This is really what
you want.  Come, enjoy yourself."

He was right.  This really was what I wanted.  I couldn't help but be caught up
in the moment.  Without conscience thought, my ass was soon moving back into him
to meet his thrust.  "yes, oh yes.  God Pierre.  Harder.  I haven't had this in
sooo long..Harder.  Go on.  I can take it."  No words were necessary as Pierre
picked up his pace and soon the table itself was shaking as he pounded into me. 
"Yes....that's it...oh god.  I can't stop.  I'm cuuuummmming!"  I screeched.  As
I was coming I could feel Pierre's cock slam into me one last time before he
came.  Then I felt his weight on me as he leaned in.  Kissing my neck he didn't
say a word but just withdrew.  Turning me over he started on my front.

Oh sweet Heaven!  More oil was poured on me and soon his hands were massaging my
breasts.  This time though it just wasn't his hands.  He straddled my waist and
I could feel his cock lie on my stomach.  Soon it started to get hard again. 
Was this really my body a man was responding this way too?  I couldn't believe
it.  I couldn't believe my reactions also.  I didn't want him to stop.  My
breasts were getting tender now because he had started to pull them as well as
slap them.  He reached down and took my nipples into his mouth.  I bucked.  I
couldn't help it.   He just bit down a little harder until I settled down.  His
tongue made quick work of my nipple.  Lapping at it, his teeth taking hold and
pulling the nipple up and away from the breast.  Then his tongue licked the oil
off my breasts and I swear he tried to take my whole breast into his mouth at
once.  Whatever he could manage to take in was soon treated to him.... well I
guess the best word would be munching...on it.  He literally chewed on my
breasts and then slowly pulled back, letting his teeth slide down my body and
continued to bite and lick my entire body while his hands stayed on my breasts
pulling, tweaking and rubbing them.

By this time I was squirming.  "Pierre.  Don't tease me any more.  I want you
inside of me.  Please?  Fuck me.   I can't stand it anymore."

"no.  Not yet.  You must desire me more."

Desire him more?!!!!!

I didn't think it was possible.  But it was.  I don't know how he knew but soon
he had me panting, bucking on the table, and begging him to take me.  His hands
had slipped into my cunt and soon his fingers were not only massaging my
outside, but also my inside.  Of course this got my juices flowing again, but he
didn't stop there.  He quickly inserted more fingers into me until I felt he
would rip my cunt apart.  Each finger was put in and he counted as if I couldn't
feel them.  Soon his count was at 5!  He had his fingers buried into my cunt but
still he wasn't satisfied.  He slowly applied more oil with his free hand then
quickly shoved his hand in the reset of the way.  ARGHHHHHHH!

He just ignored my scream and soon he was fist fucking my cunt.  In and out with
his fingers wiggling inside of my cunt.  I had never felt so much pressure
before.  So much pain, so much pleasure.  Soon he was withdrawing his fist then
ramming it into me gain.  Withdraw, ram....withdraw, ram...I couldn't speak nay
more.  I was just twisting on the table trying to get more of his hand into me
one moment and the next to get it away from my cunt.  With a loud scream, I came
with an explosive orgasm that drenched his fingers and fist.

Plop!  His fist came out but quickly before I could move or say anything his
cock was shoved into my cunt.  He immediately started to fuck me hard.  My legs
were being raised up towards my shoulders and he put pressure on them to keep
them there and me pinned.  He thrust into me harder and harder, faster and
faster.  Soon he pulled me in toward him and came inside of me.  But he wasn't
done yet.  I felt my legs being tied up to something but was too tired at the
time to comprehend.  After tying me up, he leaned down and bit my sensitive clit
and chuckled when I jumped.

Going to the top of the table where my head was, he leaned down and whispered
into my ear..."Let desire dominate you Venus.  Tonight is still young.  I will
be back.  But you need to get cleaned up.  I'll send in Linda to help.  Until
later mon ami."

To be continued.




Venus - part 2

Linda?  Who the hell was Linda?  Now I was truly starting to worry a bit.  What
had seemed like a lovely way to spend my birthday now seemed to be taking a turn
on its own.  Although, if I was to admit it to myself, I had totally enjoyed the
experiences so far.  Maybe this was what they really meant.  Let my desire
out...discover my desire?

Before I could dwell too much on that topic, I heard the door open.  Soon the
click of high heels could be heard and I smelled the musky perfume as someone
bent over me.  I must have jumped because a husky laugh could be heard next to
my ear.  "What's wrong?  Didn't Pierre tell you I'd be in?  Relax Venus.   I'm
here to clean you up.  My my.  Pierre certainly did seem to enjoy you.  Look at
you now.  You are so opened, so vulnerable.  Bet I could do almost anything to
you and you couldn't stop me"

Her words sent a shiver through my body.  I couldn't help it. We both knew she
was right.  I was stuck and at her mercy.  What would she do?  It didn't take
long for me to find out.  Click Click.  I heard her move away from the table and
soon music could be heard.  Bolero?  They still played that?  I hadn't heard
that since Bo Derek was in that movie...10?  Got to admit though, it was campy
enough to draw me into the music.  The beat of the music...the insistent
repeating music just played over and over a gain.  I swear that my heart and
pulse started to beat in time to it.  That's when she started to clean me.  I
was expecting a washcloth...maybe even a loofa.  Nope...not even close.  Her
tongue. She started to lick the top of my head with little flicks.  It was a
weird sensation...not unpleasant...just different.  Then she moved down towards
my ear.  I did jump, at least tried to, when her tongue flicked in and out of my
ear.  Alternative licking it and then blowing on it to dry it off.

Then she came to my mouth.  I think I stopped breathing then.  Her tongue
innocently (?) lieking my lips and then blowing on them.  Outlining their shape,
covering every inch of them.  At no time did her hands meet up with my body. 
Just her tongue and breathe.  That tongue soon traveled down to my neck and I
thought I would die.  My neck has always been an erotic part of me.  I
involuntarily (or was it really voluntary) arched my neck to give her better
access.  I mean I arched my neck to get away from her tongue.  I did get away
from her tongue.  She moved it on to my chest area.

That wasn't quite what I had in mind, but it certainly wasn't unexpected either.
Now her hands did come into play.  Guess she couldn't lean over my anymore.  I
felt her hands push up my breasts and soon her tongue was licking the nipples. 
They immediately became hard and my breath was now starting to become erotic. 
I'm not sure why.  Linda had been kinda impersonal about it..if that was
possible.  But impersonal doesn't mean non sexual.  It was the sheer sensual
feelings of the whole experience that got to me I think.

I really didn't have time to dwell too much on it.  Once I started to analyze
what was happening to one part of my body, she moved on to another.  Next
target..my stomach.  Whoever thought a belly button could be so erotic. That
torture device called a tongue just spent eons on that one spot.  Then it
traveled even lower...and lower.  Soon it was licking all around my mound and
taking little dips further.  Soon it was time to clean out the cunt.  She went
slowly enough that I could probably have voiced my objections, but to tell the
truth, it never entered my mind.

Yes, that's really what I wanted.  Her to pay attention to my clit.  Little did
I realize what "cleaning out" really meant to her.  Her tongue dipped into my
cunt and started to lap up the juices that Pierre and I had created.  It was
soooo   different.  Then to hear her moan just started me to get moist.  It was
kinda perverted and sexy at the same time.  And I couldn't do anything except
lay there and let her do it.  "Hmmm.  Yes, I can taste Pierre. And you also. 
Have you tasted yourself before?"  Before I could respond, she had jumped up on
the table between my legs and started to French kiss me.  I had opened my mouth
to say something but found her cum coated tongue invading my mouth.  She reached
down in between my legs while kissing me and scooped up more of our cum.  "Open
wide dearie.  Taste this.  It's wonderful and you'll need your nourishment."  I
resisted but she just held my nose together forcing me to take a breath through
my mouth.  While my mouth was open, she scraped our cum into my mouth.  Soon she
had put enough in to fill my mouth.  "Swallow dearie.  Swallow or I'll have to
call in reinforcements...and you won't like that."

I stared into her eyes and something about them made me swallow.  It was a
bittersweet taste.  I hadn't tasted myself before and wasn't sure which part was
me and which part was Pierre.  "That's a good girl.  Now it is time for me to
finish.  Pierre told me in no uncertain terms that I must be done before the
class comes in."

"Class?  What class!  What had I gotten...oh God, that feels good.  Linda had
pushed up my ass cheeks and was tonguing my ring.  What a sensation.  It was
what I imagined a cat's tongue would be.  A little rough but still smooth.  Such
a contradiction.  Who would have thought.  Then, oh my...her tongue started to
push past the ring into the anal cavity itself.  Soon I was squirming around in
joy.  She was poking it in and then withdrawing it.  Poke, withdraw, poke,
withdraw.  "God.  What are you doing to me?  That feels soooo good.  Stop it. 
You shouldn't be..oh God, yes.  Oh...I can't be coming..not..."  I couldn't hold
back any more.  I was coming and I couldn't stop it.  Linda just stopped what
she was doing and looked at me.  From her stern voice I knew she was pissed.

Now see what you've done?  I just had gotten you cleaned up and you messed
yourself all up again. Shit.  I don't know if I have time to clean you up
again."  She hurriedly put her mouth to my cunt and started to lap again.  This
time her hands were holding my cunt lips apart as far as they would go and she
didn't stop for anything.  What a difference attitude makes.  It almost felt
like she was raping me with her tongue.  I felt no enjoyment out of it this
time.  She soon finished and said in a disgusting voice, "If I get in trouble
with Pierre because of you coming that last time...."  Her words were cut off as
she left the room and slammed the door shut.

It wasn't long before I felt the tears slowly drip down my face.  What HAD I
gotten myself into.  That's when I heard the door open again.

To be continued.




Venus - Part 3

Venus just lay there (mostly because she couldn't do anything else).  Soon she
heard the door open and her heart started to beat faster.  What now?  Her
emotions were all in a jumble anyway and she really wasn't sure what to make of
this whole experience.  She never would have thought that by answering that mail
she would have ended up with her hands tied above her head, her legs tied to her
hands and a blindfold on her face.  Nor would she have thought that she would
have eaten her own cum or had naked attendants...ok, the last part wasn't all
bad she had to admit.

But what did Linda mean?  Was Pierre really mean?  What was this about a class? 
She had so many questions and some would yet remained unanswered.

"Ahhhh..M'amie.  How did you enjoy Linda?  Are you ready for your next
treatment?  I have brought in some students who are studying with us.  They need
some practical experience and I know how generous you are.  I didn't think you'd
mind.."  Running his hand up and down her legs and buttocks while he talked,
Pierre was well aware of how Venus was feeling while he talked to her.

One of the students spoke up before Venus could say anything else.  "Master?  I
don't think she likes the treatments.  Is that tears on her face?"

The temperature in the room must have dropped about 10 degrees after that
statement.  Pierre's hands paused and finally they came up to her face and wiped
a tear away.  "M'amie?  What is this?  Did you not enjoy Linda?  I want your
stay here to be enjoyable.  If any part of it isn't good for you, let me know." 
In a more stern voice he leaned down and whispered into her ear.  "Tell me
Venus. What did Linda do to cause you these tears?  She will be taken aside
and....talked to."

With his hands cupping her face and his ear only inches from her mouth, Venus
finally confessed about how she felt violated and used after her encounter with
Linda.  Swearing in French much to fast and incoherent for Venus to follow,
Pierre straightened up and called Nicole and Yvette over to the table.  "Venus,
this is Nicole and Yvette.  They are not Linda and will help you feel better. 
They will not do anything you don't wish them to.  If you could see them, they
are extremely sorry about your experience and want to make it up to you.  Will
you let them?  It's between you three.  I shall return shortly.  I'm taking the
rest of the class out to a different part of the complex.  They can observe
others for now.  I will return after I have reviewed the tape and dealt with
Linda.  But for now, Yvette and Nicole will be yours."

Soon there was the sound of the door closing and Venus could "feel" the two
students on either side of her.  A small hand reached up to wipe away a tear. 
"I'm sorry that you didn't like Linda, Venus.  I don't like her much myself. 
Please don't cry.  I'm really sorry."  Then she (she wasn't sure which one it
was) leaned down and kissed her gently. Soon she felt hands running over her
body, gently soothing her.  Stroking her, but not in a sexual way.  After awhile
she was able to calm down a bit and finally talk.

"I'm sorry girls.  It's not fair to take it out on you.  Tell me about
yourselves?  Ahhh, will my blindfold ever come off?  How many more treatments
will I have?"

"Shhh.  Don't worry yourself with these things. I'm Nicole" a soft southern
drawl replied.  "We are here to show you that not all experiences are bad.  You
enjoyed it up to the last part didn't you?"

"I...I...guess I did."

"Then why," a midwestern accent piped in, "not let us recreate what Linda was
suppose to have done and you tell us when to stop.  When you feel uncomfortable
and don't want us to precede any further.  We'll take it slowly and will stop
when you ask us to."

"I...I...guess so. But I can tell you stop anytime, right?"

"Of course you can.":

Soon the two girls hands were soothing away all the tension and worries that
Linda had created.  It wasn't long after that though that Venus started to
squirm a bit.  She felt two sets of lips retracing where the hands had
journeyed. It was like massage therapy in stereo.  One set of lips would tug and
bit on Venus nipple and within a fraction of a time the other set of lips would
tug and bite on the other nipple.  Both nipples were tugged, licked, sucked and
massaged simultaneously.  This was proving too much for Venus and she couldn't
hold back a gasp of delight.

"Your skin is so hot Venus.  Let me try to cool it down."  Nicole's southern
drawl was evidentially more pronounced when she also was excited.  Now it was
about as southern as you could get.  Venus heard the tinkling of some ice in the
background and soon jerked up a little bit.  One of the girls had taken a piece
of ice between her teeth and was tracing it down and across Venus stomach.  The
other girl was using her tongue to lap up the water before it could run off. 
This new torture was both sweet and devilish.  When Venus was about to say
something she found herself unable to comply since a tongue was in her mouth and
she was being kissed thoroughly and passionately.  "Hello again M'amie."  When
had Pierre come back into the room?  "I see that you are enjoying Nicole and
Yvette.  They are very promising students are they not?"  Pierre's hands were on
either side of Venus neck and he was massaging her neck while the girls
continued to trace and lick their way down to Venus' mound and pussy.  Then they
giggled and Venus could hear them kissing each other.  "Girls,
Girls...remember...Venus is your target this time, save that for when she can
see you...now continue."

"Yes Pierre" they said in unison.  More ice tinkling and more torture.  But then
the greatest torture of them all.  Before Venus knew it, one of the girls had
taken a handful of ice and shoved it into her pussy.  Then both girls tongues
were licking at her outer lips ready to push back any ice that wanted to escape
and lap up any and all juices that flowered out of her pussy.

"AGGGHHH!  Sssstop.  Please..."

Both girls stopped what they were doing and Pierre leaned down.  "Are you sure
m'amie?  Do you want them to continue or do you want the ice to stay in there
until it is all melted?  No relief from it, no hot air to try and compensate."

"Take out the ice...It's too much."

"No ma ami.  I am sorry but that I cannot do.  It would be a health issue for
them to take out the ice.  They can only lap up the juices.  Shall they
continue?"

Please...pl...ARGHHH!"

"Nicole!  Did you put more ice in her?"  Pierre asked.

"I'm sorry Pierre.  She did say please.  Wasn't that why she said it?"

"Caan't stand it.  Lick.  Suck up the juices.  Need warmth."  Venus moaned.

The girls didn't need any further encouragement.  Their tongues soon were
lapping up the melted ice and continued lapping even after Venus had her first
orgasm.  They just kept licking and soon Venus could feel herself building up
again.

All of a sudden the girls left her cunt and started to kiss and fondle her
breasts again.  Then Venus knew the true reason.  Pierre had come to the bottom
of the table and in one push inserted his huge cock into her.  He started to
fuck her with all the speed and strength he could muster.  Each push of his cock
pushed the remaining ice up into her cunt further and lubricated her cunt for
his cock.  In...out...so hard that the table was shaking.  All three girls were
on the table now.  Venus still tied up with Pierre fucking her; Nicole sitting
on top of Venus head hoping that Venus would get the hint an lick her own cunt
and Yvette straddling Venus chest facing Nicole and kissing her.  Nicole pulled
Yvette into her arms as far as she could bending her at the waist.

Not one to miss an opportunity, Pierre slammed into Venus and before he started
his withdraw would lean down and lick Yvette's young tender as which was being
exposed to him.  Withdraw and he watched the two girls passionately kiss. 
Insert, slam, lick, withdraw and watch.  Insert, slam, lick...

Soon the only sounds in the room were the heavy breathing of all those involved. 
Nicole was getting very frustrated and couldn't stand it any more.

"Please???  Venus, please try and help me!  Just stick out your tongue for a
little bit, that's all you have to do..Please?  I promise if you don't like it
I'll stop. But I can't stand this.  I need some relief also.  Please?"

Venus would never be sure why she stuck out her tongue.  Was it because of
Nicole's pleading?  Was it she was going to say something and Nicole just took
advantage of her?  Either way, the tongue was stuck out and soon Nicole was
humping it like a little cock.

"Yes, Oh God. Yes.  Just move it a little...that's it.  Now to the other
side...I'm coooooming.  Oh God, that feels sooo good!"

"YESSSSS!"  Yvette was creaming at the same time and if one paid real close
attention, they might also have heard Venus' little scream of passion going off
at the same time.  Pierre slammed into Venus one last time, his mouth glued to
Yvette's ass and all came together and the only sounds that could be heard was
heavy breathing from everyone in the room.

To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baroness


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





