BDSM Library - Jungle




Jungle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenny and Sue are on an adventure holiday when they are captured by a terrorist group who believe that they are spies for a rival group. They are tortured and eventually have to prove themselves innocent by agreeing to torture a young female prisoner.
JUNGLE

PART ONE

Sue and Jenny were lifelong friends; they grew up together and for a brief
period used each other's bodies to experiment with. It was the usual
pre-pubescent playing that most young girls experience as part of the growing up
process, nothing more than comparing breasts, stripping and touching each others
cunts rubbing their naked bodies together and describing to each other that
lovely tingling feeling that they each experienced. The play continued for a
while, but during one session of hostage, where Jenny was tied to a chair whilst
Sue was acting as interrogator, subjecting her captive to play punishment, Jenny
was surprised by Sue's glazed look and reddening cheeks and decided that things
had gone far enough. Nothing Sue could do would weaken their friendship though
and the feeling of complete trust was mutual.

The two friends remained in contact throughout their schooling, and after,
through their college life, each having experienced sexual relationships with
various eligible young men and eagerly comparing notes, although at the joint
ages of 22 years, neither had formed a lasting relationship.

It was partly due to this, but also because each had decided to take a year out
before seeking their respective careers, that they decided to have an extended
travel holiday to South America in order to experience remote jungle areas and
study life there.

After spending two months together travelling down the Amazon and stopping off
at remote villages they were getting to be experts in jungle life and self
sufficiency; so much so that their wanderings took them into territory that, if
they had known, they would never have ventured.

Neither of them was politically aware so they had not appreciated that the area
they had entered was in the throes of a civil war between the Republicans and a
renegade group called 'El Group' who were intent upon seizing power for
themselves, and were not averse to using terrorist activities for their own
ends.

Everybody was treated with suspicion and there were stories of people being held
by members of 'El Group' against their will and being subjected to unimaginable
horrors.

It was not long before some scruffy soldiers wearing a uniform consisting of
khaki battledress shirts, wide leather belt, camouflage trousers and jungle
boots, apprehended Sue and Jenny.

Even though the girls tried to prove to the soldiers that they were innocent
travellers, the soldiers were having none of it and they were forced into a
waiting truck to be driven to the headquarters for further interrogation.

The girls began to be frightened when they spotted the soldier's badges bearing
the words 'El Group' as they had heard of this organisation and the terror it
was reputed to exact.

Shortly the truck arrived at the group's headquarters, deep inside the jungle
territory.

The single story buildings were within a heavily guarded compound and looked
sinister in appearance since each small window sported sets of heavy metal bars
from which escape was impossible.

Sue and Jenny were forcibly removed from the truck and marched into the nearest
building, where two tough looking female guards met them.

Sue was led away by one of the guards whilst the other pushed Jenny into a small
interrogation room.

Jenny was terrified but tried to remain calm as she was motioned to sit at one
of the chairs in front of the only table. The guard sat down on the chair at the
other side of the table and began to question Jenny.

The questions were quite reasonable at first, and the guard appeared to be
friendly, but it soon became apparent that the guard was convinced that Jenny
was an undercover agent working for the Republican camp. Nothing Jenny could say
would convince the guard otherwise. From then on the guard became more and more
hostile to Jenny and ordered her to strip for a search.

When Jenny showed that she was reluctant to oblige the guard called for another
female guard to assist.

Jenny had no option but to remove her clothing and submit to the whiles of the
guards who were giving Jenny strange looks and excitedly exchanging glances and
speaking to each other in a strange dialect which Jenny did not understand.

Before Jenny could complete the removal of her shirt, one guard roughly grasped
her bra and jerked it down to expose Jenny's small but firm breasts. Jenny did
not like the way that the guard touched her, fondling her breasts in a
suggestive and sexual way, to the obvious delight of the other guard. The other
guard could not contain herself any longer and bent down to suck hard on Jenny's
left nipple. She teased the nipple with her tongue and was rewarded almost
instantly by the nipple becoming hard and erect. Jenny despite herself was
becoming aroused by the constant attention to her breasts but was reminded of
that time, long ago, when she played those games with Sue, noticing the same
glazed looks in the eyes of her guards. If this had been a game Jenny would have
asked for it to end right now as she could sense that things were about to get
out of control. But she was alone, frightened, miles from anywhere, nobody knew
she was there, nobody could help her: she was completely at the mercy of her
captors. Jenny was horrified to witness that when each guard had exploited her
breasts to their satisfaction the guards hugged each other and kissed each other
passionately on the lips, a long intense and intimate kiss with their tongues
probing deep inside each others mouths. When finished the guards looked lovingly
at each other then turned to face Jenny, each with a look of lust and
anticipation of the events to follow: events that they had complete control over
and as much time as they wanted, (all night if necessary), to carry out their,
(legitimate in their organisations eyes), interrogation of a suspected enemy
terrorist.

Jenny began to realise the gravity of her situation. She was at the mercy of two
guards who were obviously lesbian, intent on violating her body for their mutual
pleasure, and who were going to gain sexual satisfaction from subjecting her
body to whatever took their fancy. She knew that both guards had just began
their shift and that they would be undisturbed for at least eight hours, surely
they would tire of me before then? reasoned Jenny. How they must love their job,
she thought.

The guards began to strip Jenny, roughly tearing the shirt from her back and
unclipping the bra from around her waist, undoing the belt from the combat
trousers, letting them drop to the floor before finally removing Jenny's boots
and then the trousers themselves. Jenny stood there, naked except for the small
black lace thong that she chose earlier that day for comfort. The two guards
stood back and openly admired Jenny's lithe body, they seemed to take ages
devouring every inch of Jenny's nakedness, they gave each other meaningful
looks, licked their lips in hungry anticipation and conversed with each other in
eager sentences which were foreign to Jenny.

They were going to take their time and savour Jenny's obvious discomfort, and
why not they would not be disturbed now that they had locked the door from the
inside with a key chained to the waistband of the guard's belts. After, what
seemed to Jenny ages, the guards each approached her and began to eagerly
explore her body with their hands, slowly letting their hands roam all over
Jenny's soft skin, feeling the tight muscles of her unblemished back, working a
finger nail slowly into her navel and rotating it whilst observing the effect
this had on Jenny. These women were experts thought Jenny as she began to
experience a curious tingling in her belly and an associated throbbing of her
clitoris: for she had never experienced anything like that before. The guard's
attention was now given to Jenny's legs. Her legs were long, smooth, toned and
silky and Jenny had always regarded then as her best feature. The guards would
have agreed as they each slowly fondled a leg, from the back of the calf up to
the soft skin behind the knee and further up to the back of the thigh relishing
the muscle tone to be found there and even upwards to the crease that the
buttock makes before the full swell of buttock begins. Beginning again at the
ankle, hands began their slow journey of exploration upwards along the inner
leg, past the swell of knee, upwards to the ultra smooth skin of the inner thigh
but, curiously, each guard stopping at the crease of the groin, running a finger
tip along the contour of the groin but no further.

All this attention to her body meant that Jenny was totally sexually aroused,
(what woman wouldn't be?) and the inevitable juices from her cunt could no
longer be absorbed by the flimsy material of her tiny thong, a fact that had not
gone unnoticed by her captors, as a glistening rivulet of pre cum was slowly
trickling from the boundaries of the garment.

Strangely though neither guard had attempted to touch those secret parts, which,
by now were screaming out for some kind of physical stimulation to satisfy her
body's craving. Then Jenny realised that she was undergoing a form of sweet
torture: the guards were enjoying seeing her body respond so readily to their
attentions, they were deliberately bringing her body to an agonizingly slow
build up of sexual tension, each knowing how far to go to let Jenny build in
excitement, always wanting more to satisfy her urgent desires, but never giving
quite enough, just a little more than last time. This was the skill of women who
have had experience, built up over years, of complete control of another human
being.

Jenny was dying to be touched down there, her whole body craved attention, she
wanted to cum, nothing else mattered. Then things changed as the guards handling
of Jenny's receptive body became rougher, skin was pinched between finger tips
and a sharp slap across the face brought Jenny out of heaven and down to earth
with a jolt. Jenny's eyes began to water with the severity of the slap. Each
nipple was in the vice like grip of each guard's finger and thumb as they worked
in unison to apply more and more pressure to the erect but tender nipples. The
guards were staring into Jenny's eyes from which they were able to gauge the
extent of her pain threshold and control the pain to the maximum that Jenny
could bear, as they tightened the grip on the nipple more and more to that end.

Jenny tried to brave the pain from the terrible torment but it was not long
before her screams echoed around the tiny room. It was then that Jenny realised
the full extent of her ordeal. Abusing her sexually did not only turn on these
two bitches but they also got their sexual gratification by inflicting pain upon
their victim. This new realisation meant that instead of giving her an orgasm,
(and maybe she having to give them one in return, which in her heightened state
she could bring herself to do), a process that would be over reasonably soon, a
new element of torture had entered the proceedings. Knowing the reputation of
these people and the fascination they were supposed to have for exacting
confessions, (or for punishment, and sometimes she believed, for pleasure) by
the use of torture Jenny realised that she could be at the mercy of the two
fiends for quite some considerable time, a thought that terrified her.

The guard's were now in their element, as the sounds of Jenny's screams seemed
to arouse them to inflict more pain to their hapless victim. Taking it in turns,
each guard began to smack the underside of Jenny's breasts with an open palm,
swinging their arms up from waist height, gathering speed until the palm struck
the tender breast with a force causing the breast to jerk violently upwards and
Jenny to cry out in pain. The guard's punished each breast alternately leaving
just the right amount of time between smacks for Jenny to compose herself before
continuing her ordeal. The sharp smacking sounds and Jenny's cries as her
breasts reddened served only to inflame the guard's state of sexual arousal as
Jenny noticed that each guard couldn't help touching themselves sexually.

After what seemed an age the guards stopped the punishment and after a brief
exchange of words with each other each guard started to strip off their heavy
combat gear, no doubt to make themselves more comfortable for what promised to
be a long and exciting night. The combat gear consisted of a heavy bush shirt,
buttoned down the front with long sleeves which were buttoned at the wrist,
combat trousers held up with a wide leather belt onto which were clipped a pair
of handcuffs, a knife and a small baton. The combat trousers fastened at the
ankle above a pair of heavy-duty ankle boots. Of the two guards one appeared to
be aged about thirty whilst the other was much older, probably about fifty. Both
were attractive Latinos, dusky skinned, dark hair cut short at the nape of the
neck, like a man's. The younger guard was of slim build, and was the first to
remove her bush shirt to reveal a boyish body and small breasts covered by a
skimpy lace bra, which she also removed. Her nipples more than made up for her
lack of bosom, they were enormous, about one inch long and stuck proudly upwards
like organ stops. The other guard could not resist a playful tweak of her
partners prize assets before stripping herself free form her own bush shirt and
letting her ample breasts, barely supported by an inadequate black cotton bra,
burst into freedom. Both guards unbuckled their belts, unclipped the attached
equipment and slowly pulled the belts free from the trouser loops. This action
was slow and deliberate and designed to unnerve Jenny as the guards lightly
fingered the leather belts, giving each other wicked looks betraying their
intentions, before hanging their shirts on upon a set of hooks nearby and the
belts together on a hook close to Jenny with the obvious menacing intent.

After removing their boots, the combat trousers were removed with indecent
haste, and, after hanging these upon the hooks nearby the guards replaced their
boots after both removing the unattractive olive green regulation under shorts.
Both guards were now free of encumbrance and eager to resume their duties: but
before turning their attentions once again towards Jenny were unable to resist
the sight of each others nakedness. Jenny watched as the two women eagerly
explored each other's bodies, squeezing nipples, sucking breasts their bodies
glistening with sweat as they urgently groped each others cunts, pushed their
fingers into each others vaginas, removed and licked their fingers relishing the
salty taste of the pre cum juice. Jenny began to become sexually aroused again,
all memory of her previous painful ordeal now completely forgotten as she
savoured that familiar, intensely pleasant ache in her lower abdomen and the
beautiful sensation as the blood surged into her clit causing it to swell and
the hundreds of nerve endings to become oh so sensitive. Jenny's breasts too
seemed to have become more sensitive, not due to their harsh treatment but maybe
because of it her breasts felt tingly in an exciting sexual way that she had
never experienced before. It seemed that due to her punishment she was now more
aware of her breasts and was being rewarded by this lovely electric sensation
which seemed to course right through each breast terminating with the most
amazing sensations in each of her, now rock hard nipples. The sight of these two
guards putting on a show for her was almost too much to bear. Jenny watched
fascinated as the slim guard sat upon a chair whilst the other guard stood
facing her, holding the lips of her cunt wide open, inviting her to tongue her
sopping pussy. Needing no invitation the young guard buried her face into the
warm inviting love channel, sucking, licking fingering her partners arse
inserting a finger deep into the anus and finger fucking her to ever increasing
heights.

Oh that looks so good, thought Jenny, seeing someone so horny,

so sexy, so fucking up for it and getting it too. Look at their bodies, hear
their love cries, smell that lovely sweet heady smell of raw sex, watch the love
juice running from their straining cunts, imagining the incredible sensations
that they are both feeling as they pleasure each other, enjoying the sensation
of touching another persons sex whilst they are touching yours must be the
ultimate in pure fucking sexual orgasmic pleasure, thought Jenny.

Jenny had reached the plateau stage when her mind and body were tuned to her
maximum sexual awareness. All the nerves in her body were awake and ready to
respond immediately to satisfy this enormous craving. All she needed was some
physical stimulation to bring her to the very edge, just a light touch of her
erogenous zones would move her that bit closer, give her cunt and clit that
beautiful, oh lets not be coy, that fucking raging, sexy horny, electric fucking
gorgeous feeling that words are not enough to describe. Jenny's mind was
expanding to open up to the possibilities. Maybe the guards, when they had
satisfied themselves together, well maybe, just maybe they will give their
attentions to me. Perhaps they will notice how flushed I look, how obviously
sexed up I am, maybe that's why they are putting on this show and that they
intend to include me, let me suck their cunts, finger fuck their arses, squeeze
their tits, and dare I think it, they might do the same to me, to use me, to
fuck and suck and rub and tease me and make me cum, Oh Yes to make me Cum. Make
me Cum and Cum and Cum again in one shuddering gorgeous fucking orgasm after
another, thought Jenny.

Wow! She was all sexed up now and letting her imagination run away with her but
what if they were going to torture some more, perhaps with even more painful and
prolonged tortures? In her highly sexed state the thought did not seem to be too
bad, in fact she had learned only today that parts of the body that had suffered
some painful attention later rewarded one with increased sensitivity and
pleasure afterwards.

Jenny could not believe that she was thinking like this, would she really be
prepared to let her body be subjected to painful torture, well she thought
there's nothing that I can do about it, and she realised that she found the
thought of a tolerable torture to be a bit of a turn on, providing that the pain
was controlled within her threshold she decided that if it were to be, then she
would think only of the magic orgasms that were to follow.

Jenny noticed that it was dark outside now, and the guards had disentangled
themselves from each other in order to put the light on. The light consisted of
a double fluorescent, which was more than enough to illuminate the small room.

Two things were obvious to Jenny, firstly the night still had hours to go before
the guard's shift finished at daybreak. And secondly that the lighting was so
bright that the guards would be able to see clearly everything that was to
follow.

And it was just about to start.




PART TWO

JENNY'S TORMENT BEGINS

Jenny's eyes took a little while to adjust to the brilliant fluorescent light
that filled the room. For the first time she was able to see clearly her two
tormentors and observe their flushed and cruel faces as they turned their
attention again to Jenny's near naked body. Naked that is except for the thin
strand of soaking wet G-string that clung to the outline of her cunt, now
swollen with lust as she witnessed the guard's lesbian activities. The guard's
were chatting to each other excitedly and seemed to be arguing with each other
about what form the next torture should take. The younger guard moved towards a
double door cabinet built into a corner of the room and flung open the doors to
reveal various items of chastisement. Jenny could not help but gaze in awe at
the terrifying contents of the cupboard. There were chains, whips, canes of all
sizes and thickness hanging from hooks on the inside of the doors, and on the
shelves there appeared to be other items of torture including some electrical
apparatus, the purpose of which Jenny dared not think.

The guards made a great show of sorting through these hellish items as Jenny
stood there trembling. Jenny realised that the show was put on for her benefit
as the guards tried out some of the canes, letting them swish through the air
with a terrible whistling sound without taking their eyes from Jenny who winced
with each swish.

Next various whips were flailed through the air or made to crack horribly. As
the guards toyed with the whips, the same glazed look came into their eyes; they
talked and laughed with each other, licked their lips suggestively and relished
the thought of the next punishment. Each with a multi thonged whip in their hand
the guards advanced upon Jenny.

Jenny stood there not daring to move, her whole body tensed up and she could not
help shaking with the fear of what these monster had in store for her. Were they
going to use these whips on her naked body? Would she be able to stand the pain?
Where abouts on her body would the cruel lashes be directed? Would they lash her
blemish free back? Would the leather thongs cut into her body? Or perhaps they
would whip her front 'Oh no, God NO! Not across my breasts', she thought, 'I
couldn't bear that I know, Oh God why did I have to come to this horrible
country?' Jenny's mind raced at the endless possibilities that her tormentors
might subject her to.

The two guards moved towards Jenny, the younger guard taking her place behind,
with the other guard standing in front. Slowly and deliberately the guard in
front trailed the thongs of the whip slowly up Jenny's tense body, teasing her
suggestively, letting the leather fronds slide upwards dragging them across
Jenny's swollen cunt over her by now engorged clitoris upwards across her belly
and upwards licking her firm little breasts and grazing her rock hard nipples.
'Oh that feels so fucking good', thought Jenny as she gave in to that beautiful
ache in her vagina. Although she was terrified of what was to happen to her the
apprehension only served to heighten her sexual arousal. Jenny was aware once
again of the copious amounts of love juice flowing from her aching cunt, soaking
that inadequate thong and running in a stream down the inside of her legs. She
forgot for a moment her predicament and allowed herself to fantasise, imagining
that the guard in front would go down on her and bury her head into Jenny's
pussy, sinking her tongue into her crevice, suck and nibble her erect clit and
let her explode into one almighty explosive orgasm that would go on and on
bringing release little by little to her sex charged body until all her energy
was drained. But this was not to be, for at a given signal, the guard behind
lashed Jenny between her legs, the thongs of the whip flicking upwards biting
into her cunt and splaying out across her belly. The lash took Jenny by surprise
and caused her to gasp. Although not too painful it was unexpected and it
certainly took the edge off Jenny's raging urges.

What followed next was to take Jenny by surprise for the guards put down their
whips and together lifted a small table, (which was alongside one of the walls
of the room), into the centre of the room. They motioned Jenny to sit on the
shorter edge of the table whereupon the elder guard fastened each of Jenny's
ankles to a respective table leg using wide strips of Velcro. Jenny's feet were
in contact with the floor at this time even though her legs were spread wide
apart. Taking one of Jenny's arms each the guards pulled her body backwards so
that her back was now flat upon the table surface but her head was overhanging
the edge of the table. After fastening Jenny's wrists to the table legs their
victim was powerless to her inevitable fate.

Jenny was struggling to keep her head up but the weight soon became too much for
her and she was forced to slowly allow her head to hang down and view an upside
down world, her long black hair trailing upon the floor. Jenny could not see
much in this position and the natural tendency was for her to close her eyes but
as she overcame this tendency and forced her eyes open she saw the younger
guard's crotch bearing down upon her. The guard could stand in front of Jenny
with her legs apart and her cunt hovering about twelve inches above Jenny's
chin. Jenny forced her eyes open and with a great deal of effort raised her head
a little. She could see the guard fingering herself furiously with one hand
whilst kneading her breast and teasing her nipple with the other. Jenny could
hear the slapping sound as the guard with two fingers inserted into her, by now
soaking vagina, masturbated herself furiously. The sweet musky smell filled
Jenny's nostrils and Jenny found herself becoming aroused again. The guard was
getting very worked up by now and made it plain to Jenny that she wanted Jenny's
tongue to replace her own fingers. Jenny was in no position to refuse this
request as anything that she could do to satisfy these two fiends might mean
that they would treat her a little more kindly, and anyway it would occupy time
and give her some breathing space as it were.

Jenny extended her tongue as far as she could, and with a great effort, raised
her head until she felt the smooth wet slippery surface of the guard's inner
vaginal lips, which Jenny guessed were being held wide open by the guard's free
hands. Jenny worked her tongue around the area and soon located the love
channel, she let her tongue feel around the perimeter and then thrust as deeply
as she could manage into the vagina.

After a few moments the weight of Jenny's unsupported head became too much for
her and she had to relax and let her head drop away from the guard's red-hot
cunt.

An almighty CRAAAAK was heard as the other guard, who had been watching the
proceedings, pussy whipped Jenny's cunt with the end of a wide leather belt. The
pain from the lash caused Jenny to scream aloud as the belt smacked her right
between her legs onto her tender cunt and clit, made even more painful by her
flimsy soaking wet remnant of underclothing. Jenny's body bucked violently
against the ankle and wrist restraints as she realised that the cruel punishment
was because she had allowed her head to relax and her tongue to stop pleasuring
the younger guard. Now she realised what they had in store for her. She must
fight to keep her head up and lick and suck the guard to orgasm or the other
guard would enjoy giving her painful encouragement.

Jenny pictured the elder guard enjoying the spectacle of her partner being given
sexual pleasure at the expense of Jenny's comfort. She imagined the elder guard
keeping herself sexually aroused by gently masturbating her clit just waiting
for Jenny's agony of supporting her increasingly heavy head to become too much
for her to endure, giving her just the excuse she needed to administer another
stinging lash to Jenny's soaking and swollen cunt. She imagined the increased
pleasure the guard would experience as she witnessed Jenny's tortured body
writhing in agony, how she would rub her clit more furiously and when Jenny
screamed how the guard's wicked

perversion would bring her nearer and nearer to orgasm. These bitches get off on
seeing a young girl's body being violated for their pleasure, with the screams
of the victim's agony masking their own screams of intense orgasms heightened to
incredible intensity by seeing and prolonging their victim's agony.

Jenny decided that she would not give any reason to be lashed again and was
determined to hold her head up whatever it took. She would lick the guard's cunt
with all the expertise that she could summon. She would focus upon the clitoris
licking faster and faster in a bid to make the guard cum as soon as she could
manage it. She would nibble the clit and lick up and down faster and faster,
then from side to side faster and faster and surely she would cum and cum again
maybe, and once satisfied would release Jenny from her obligation. Jenny did her
very best but, although the guard was breathing heavily and moaning quite a lot,
she was taking her time in coming to an orgasm. Jenny worked tirelessly her
tongue was beginning to ache at its root, but that was nothing compared to the
indescribable cramps in her neck and shoulders brought about by trying to
support a head that felt like a solid lead weight.

The sinews in Jenny's neck were standing out, stretched to almost breaking point
by their intolerable burden. Jenny wanted to clench her teeth to relieve the
agony but she could not do this and use her tongue as well. 'Oh God', thought
Jenny, 'I can't keep this up, but I must do if I wish to avoid another stinging
lash'.

Jenny thought that she would give the task her very best for ten further
seconds, 'surely that bitch would have cum by then, I've been eating her for
ages' she reasoned, but Jenny was out of luck. Another SWAAAAT broke the
silence, followed by an animal like howl from Jenny who had given in to the
agony of supporting her head to be replaced by a different agony of the lash
contacting her most tender sexbox. The lash was not as painful as the last time
and Jenny's scream was more one of surprise than agony, also Jenny was beginning
to over react to her punishments as it was possible that her guards were turned
on by the sounds of her screams, even if the pain did not match her exaggerated
reaction. Jenny was beginning to become aroused again; her cunt was pleasantly
tingling due to the punishment, a not unpleasant feeling that she began to
relish. She was surprised that her body reacted in this way, that as a result of
physical pain which lasted for only a few moments in reality, she should
experience such an intense awareness of her sexuality, a kind of release of
tension that left her free to enjoy at leisure the warm tingling joy of her
cunt, clit and anus as their thousands of nerve endings were super sensitised
and responsive to the slightest breath.

When Jenny next raised her head to the guard's cunt she, upon opening her eyes
for a moment, saw that the guard had changed her position and was facing away
from Jenny. Jenny could make out the puckered cerise ring of her tormentors anus
and realised that she was expected to devote her attention to this area. 'What
the hell' thought Jenny who was, by this time so sexually charged herself that
she was prepared to do anything. Jenny extended her tongue and gently explored
the ring, feeling it contract and open in undulating rhythm at the touch of
Jenny's probing tongue. Jenny was beginning to enjoy the experience as she
curled her tongue into a tube and began to push it gently into the anus itself.
With a few short strokes Jenny could feel the effect she was having on the
guard. The guard started shaking and trembling, Jenny could feel the heat being
generated, radiating from between the vibrating thighs of the guard who had now
started groaning and sharply inhaling her breath with long hisses interspersed
with short expletives, in another language, but instantly understood by all. As
Jenny rimmed the guard, the guard was rubbing her own clit with deep rhythmic
movements. Faster and faster until, with a loud and prolonged roar she came with
such a shuddering intensity that frightened Jenny.

The guard howled like an animal as she gave in to the rush of pleasure that was
bursting through her cunt hole in blessed relief. Again and again she came in
involuntary spasms that shook her whole body. 'God how that bitch can cum and
cum', thought Jenny, 'Oh how I wish that I could CUM and CUM'

But the evening was not over yet




PART THREE

JENNY HAS TO PROVE HERSELF

Jenny was SO SO horny hearing the screams emanating from the guard that she had
just pleasured. The guard's body convulsed in pure sexual pleasure, her body
still shaking from orgasm after orgasm, the sweat glistening all over her taught
body running in rivulets down her toned legs mixed with the cum juice that
flowed from her gaping cunt. Her lips pulled back in an animal snarl of pure
lust she was for the moment satisfied, but concerned for her partner, who even
though in a highly sexually aroused state, evident by her intense concentration
upon fanning her eager cunt with her fingers, (rather like strumming a guitar),
was not able to reach an orgasm.

The younger guard knew just what her partner needed to bring her to the release
that she eagerly sought. She knew how much her friend was turned on by the sight
and sounds of a female undergoing torture, how her friend was always able to cum
when the screams of the victim rose to a crescendo and the prettier the victim
the better.

She would have to use a rather special torture to satisfy her friends raging
sexual appetite, and she knew of just the thing.

Leaving Jenny spread out upon the table, (wondering if at last the two guards
would pleasure her at last, in gratitude for making one of them cum so
violently), the guard

made her way over to the cupboard knowing just what she was looking for.

From an upper shelf the guard removed a small box with lengths of twisted wires
with clips attached to their ends. At the front of the box was a meter, (graded
in Amps from 0 to 100), and on the side of the box was a handle.

Making her way over to Jenny the guard attached two of the clips to each of
Jenny's erect nipples. Jenny gave a shudder but, as the clips did not hurt too
much, relaxed and wondered if this was a form of mild BDSM which the guard was
using to enhance the orgasm that she would surely be allowed to experience. Next
the guard pulled away the, by now useless, remains of underwear that were all
Jenny had to protect her modesty. Both guards looked with appreciation at
Jenny's exposed cunt, even though very pink and wet and swollen it still looked
neat and enticing. The guards had to force themselves not to touch this
beautiful object in case Jenny was to reach orgasm.

To cool her rising sexual fever, the elder guard administered a sharp lash of
the belt across the full length of Jenny's pussy, which took her by surprise
and, caused her to scream aloud. Whilst Jenny was taking the pain of the lash on
board the guard's swiftly stretched open her cunt and attached two more clips to
each of her labia, the final wire which terminated in a metal butt plug was just
as swiftly inserted into poor Jenny's tight anus.

The elder guard stood back and admired the sight which was the epitome of her
personal darkest fantasy, her favourite piece of torture equipment connected to
a young and beautiful female prisoner, who was powerless to control her destiny,
with as much time as she needed to observe her victim suffering the agonies of
which she had control. She savoured the moment gently massaging her clit in
anticipation, but not urgently enough to bring her to climax but just enough to
appease a little of the hunger. She did not want to cum too soon there was
plenty of time.

The younger guard stood to one side and held the control box in her hand, her
fingers in place on the handle of the machine ready to turn the handle and send
electrical impulses of varying intensity, (depending on how fast she turned the
handle), through the most sensitive parts of Jenny's anatomy. She was an expert
on controlling the machine that could be monitored by the meter, she knew that
between 10 and 20 Amps would bring severe discomfort, whilst 30 to 50 Amps would
cause the victim to experience acute agony, (most victims would confess to
anything if subjected to 40 Amps although one stubborn victim suffered an
amazing 65 Amps before finally cracking: the highest that the guard had ever
reached).

Slowly, very slowly the guard started to turn the handle. Jenny experienced a
tingling sensation through her nipples, not altogether unpleasant, and a more
defined but definitely more exciting tingle around her cunt and deep inside her
anus. 'Wow', thought Jenny, 'That feels so fucking good, at last they are going
to bring me to orgasm with these vibrators, OH GOD THAT'S GOOD, I've waited so
long and now they are going to repay me by giving me an orgasm, a great big
FUCKING ORGASM', Jenny mused 'Oh, yes here it comes, I'm going to come' thought
Jenny. But the guard knew better and increased the current to 15 Amps. Jenny's
whole body twitched as the electricity coursed through her the pain in her
breasts seemed to link both her breasts into one area of fire and ache, her body
rose up from the surface of the table, suspended and rigid, but the real agony
shot across the delicate labia and linked with the almost unbearable shooting
pains that wracked her arse in unending waves causing her bottom to strain
upwards the muscles in her thighs and buttocks to tighten and lock for the
duration of the sustained shock. Jenny screamed, and screamed although the pain
was bad Jenny brought all her acting skills into play to give the impression of
suffering more than she could bear, in this way hoping to convince the guard
that she had a lower pain threshold than she actually did, and thus be able to
have some control.

The elder guard was now in her element, watching Jenny suffer had caused her
sexual arousal to become intense, she even had to smack her own cunt to avoid
cumming until she was ready. She fingered her cunt just the way she liked,
keeping herself at fever pitch, waiting for that moment when Jenny would cry
out, when the pain had reached the point when Jenny's body broke down and she
was not able to control her emotions, resulting in that delicious
wail-cum-scream of submission, that was the moment, and when it came so too did
the guard, matching Jenny's screams with an animal roar as the guard gave in to
that magnificent surge of pleasure radiating from her clitoris and reaching the
extremities of her nervous system. She only came the once but the intensity of
the orgasm took her breath away and it was several minutes before she was able
to regain her composure.

Once composure was finally regained, Jenny was surprised to witness the elder
guard dressing herself in the clothing that she had previously removed, and,
having done so she left the room: after first giving some rapid instructions to
the younger guard.

Jenny was further surprised when the remaining guard started to talk to her in
broken English, (she had not realised the guard could speak her language as she
had not so far).

The guard spoke slowly and deliberately telling Jenny that, although she was
convinced that Jenny was an innocent traveller, her partner was not yet
convinced. She informed Jenny that there was one way that the other guard would
believe her, and that Jenny would be able to prove her innocence by carrying out
a test. She further explained that 'El Group' had had the fortune to capture a
leading member of the Republican forces. This person was personally responsible
for the deaths of several members of the 'El Group' rebels, and having been
captured, would eventually be killed, but not before suffering physical and
mental torture for as long as it pleased the rebels. She went on to explain that
this prisoner had only just arrived at the camp and was due for the first
interrogation. In order to convince the guards that Jenny was sympathetic to
their views, Jenny was to personally administer a whipping aimed at softening up
the victim in preparation for worse to come. Knowing that Jenny would be
reluctant to administer the punishment with the degree of severity that was felt
to be necessary, she was reminded that her own punishment was, to their
standards, was very mild, and the electric shock machine would be used on her in
earnest should she fail to produce 'audible results' from the punishment she was
called upon to administer.

The guard stated that the punishment would consist of ten lashes of the 'basta'.
(A five foot long cross between a whip and a cane made by plaited strips of hard
leather forming two flattened thongs which were semi-flexible, the thongs
merging for the last foot which formed the handle), this instrument, she was
told, when used with force would not break the skin but would cause the area to
rise up in a painful weal. The punishment would be administered to the victim's
bare back, and had to be limited to ten lashes due to the intense pain causing
most victims to pass out when subjected to more than the ten strokes. Jenny was
in an impossible position, she did not want to be the cause of another's pain,
but if she did not comply she herself would be subjected to the agonies of that
infernal machine, which, having experienced a 'mild' dose of its capabilities
she could not bear to conceive a harsher session. She knew that her body would
be unable to stand the terrible agony, there was nothing to choose, she would do
anything to avoid that, yes, she would do what was expected of her at all costs.

The guard selected the basta from the cupboard and passed the instrument to
Jenny, who was surprised at the length and weight of this evil looking item. She
allowed herself a couple of practise swings and witnessed the whistle that the
basta made as it cut through the air and she imagined the frightening sound as
the twin lashes contacted the naked flesh of the poor victim along with the
inevitable pain. She gave an involuntary shudder at the thought but resolved
that no matter what she would not shirk her duty as she was definitely not going
to disappoint the two guards. She hoped that the poor man who had to suffer this
punishment would be able to bear the pain that she would inflict upon him.

Moments later the elder guard returned with the prisoner. Jenny could not
believe it, for the prisoner was a young girl who looked to be only about
seventeen years old. The poor girl was wearing a simple lightweight dress,
buttoned down the back, with bare feet, her wrists and legs were fettered by
metal cuffs each being chained to each other causing her to walk with
difficulty. The girl was only about five feet five inches tall and was of pale
skin colour with long blonde hair stretching down to her waist. She did not
appear to be frightened, rather she had an air of defiance about her, but even
so Jenny found it hard to believe that she could be as formidable an enemy as
she was made out to be by the guards.

The elder guard quickly removed her clothing again and hung the items upon the
pegs. She couldn't resist touching her naked cunt that responded instantly to
this attention by becoming puffy and aroused. 'God this bitch is so horny',
thought Jenny, 'She is preparing herself for even more orgasms, how could one
person pleasure herself so often in the space of a few hours? she thought.

The guards were in their element, preparing a person for punishment was a real
turn on for them both, with the anticipation of what was to come. If she were
truthful, Jenny would have to admit to feeling a curious sense of excitement
herself with the feeling of absolute power that holding the basta gave to her.

Conchita, for that was the girl's name, turned towards Jenny, and gave her a
look of loathing and disgust, there was so much hate in her eyes all directed at
Jenny, who, as she correctly guessed, would soon be responsible for inflicting
her body to unimaginable terror. Conchita pulled her head back and spat as hard
as she could at Jenny's face. The saliva found its mark getting into Jenny's
eyes and running down her face, even into her hair. Jenny was repulsed, never
before had someone treated her like this, she was totally outraged and ready to
exact revenge.

The guards busied themselves preparing their victim for what was to follow.
Before removing the wrist restraints, they tied the girl's wrists individually
with two long lengths of rope, and, upon removing the wrist restraints, still
keeping tight hold of the ropes they began to unbutton the dress down to waist
level, when having done so slipped the dress down from her shoulders and
removing her arms one at a time, allowed the top half of the flimsy dress to
fall in front of her. Jenny watched the preparation with a certain amount of
excitement, brought about by the slow, methodical manner of the guards who, had
obviously worked together on many such occasions and, knew what to do without
having to speak to each other. Next one guard set about coiling up the girl's
hair, piling it up on top of her head and fastening it with clips, anxious to
ensure that nothing was going to reduce the torture by coming between the lash
and skin however insignificant. The girl was forced to move the centre of the
room, the table was moved alongside, and used by the younger guard to reach one
of the iron rings fastened to a beam on the ceiling. The free end of the rope
was passed through the ring and pulled causing the girl's arm to be raised above
her head whereupon the rope was fastened securely to the ring. Repeating the
exercise on the other arm and then moving the table to the far end of the room,
the guards stepped back to view their handiwork. Jenny also looked on with
fascination, the girl had a beautiful body, slim and with breasts too large to
be supported by such a slight frame. Her back was gorgeous, pale skinned, almost
translucent with very fine light coloured down glistening under the harsh
fluorescent lights. She had a fit body, the myriad of tiny muscles, taut and
clearly defined, under the silky skin of her back made Jenny realise that this
was the most beautiful back, so blemish free that she had ever seen, not that
she spent much time admiring women's bodies, but now that the girl was the
centre of attention Jenny realised how much she was getting turned on by this
fiend in a young girl's body.

Jenny's attention was now taken up by the action of the guards who had
positioned themselves in front of Conchita and were exploiting her generous twin
assets to their advantage. As a warm up they took it in turns to smack the
breasts hard each relishing the feeling as the breasts swung from side to side
by the force of the blows. Conchita did not flinch from this treatment, nor did
they expect her to, she was very tough and was definitely not going to give the
guards any satisfaction. Jenny realised that she would have to be very severe
with the basta to break this stubborn creature to the satisfaction of the
guards, and to avoid the terrible punishment to herself should she fail.

The guards were getting very sexually excited by now and had turned their
attention, momentarily to each other, eagerly exploring each others bodies with
their hands and tongues. Jenny was intrigued to watch the guards who positioned
themselves such that they were facing each other. Each took their own weight
upon their left leg whilst they slipped their right leg between the legs of the
other. In this manner both guards cunts were in contact with the leg of the
other, the advantage of which was obvious for as they bent the supporting leg
and straightened it again, this caused their cunts to travel the length of their
partners upper leg and back again. Jenny thrilled at this spectacle, she had
never imagined such a thing, how two women were able to pleasure each other in
this way, by gyrating their bodies together each could masturbate the other,
their by now soaking cunts receiving direct stimulation continuously whilst
leaving their hands free for, well you can imagine what. Conchita appeared to
pay no attention to the guards, but Jenny noticed a certain flushing of her face
and nipples but this may of course be due to that which was about to happen to
her.

Jenny on the other hand could not take her eyes from the two women so engrossed
in pleasuring themselves that they had temporarily forgotten their purpose.
Jenny was getting so aroused, her own body was starting to respond, she could
not help but to touch herself, her pussy was swollen her clit standing proud of
its hood, hard and erect like the miniature penis that it was, left for a moment
she would surely come, she had never felt so aroused as she noticed the guard's
writhing intertwined bodies the active legs dripping with the pre-cum of the
other. But Jenny was called upon to act. The guards taking time off from each
other, but still joined in sexual bondage, addressed Conchita in a language of
her understanding. Jenny could not understand the words but due to the manner of
delivery, harsh and guttural, she guessed that they were spelling out the
sentence of punishment to their hapless victim who responded by raising her head
haughtily and delivering another mouthful of saliva, this time directed at the
guards. This they found highly amusing, and motioned to Jenny to take her place
and begin the punishment.




PART FOUR

JENNY GIVES PUNISHMENT AND RECEIVES A REWARD

Under orders Jenny positioned herself behind Conchita grasping the dreaded basta
firmly in her right hand. She took a little time to savour the sight of
Conchita's bare back so smooth and unmarked, so sensual in its way, and so
slender with the fullness of her breasts visible from behind like two opposing
crescents. For the first time in her life she could imagine having a sexual
relationship with another woman, the combination of a slender body and large
breasts fired her imagination, she would so like to touch a body like that, to
feel the taut toned skin of that back then the soft marshmallow sponginess of
those breasts kneading the nipples until they stood out proud and erect.......
These thoughts that were causing her pussy to become very damp again, for the
umpteenth time that evening were carrying Jenny away. 'This will not do', she
thought, 'I have a duty to perform or face the dreaded electrical device for
goodness knows how long'. Jenny remembered how vehemently Conchita spat at her,
how she fixed her with a look of absolute hatred, she was after all a dangerous
and evil person who had been responsible for the death of many people.

A person like that deserved to be severely punished to atone for her evil deeds
and I will make sure that this happens to the best of my ability. Jenny had
worked herself up into a state of mind that would enable her to carry out the
punishment with a clear conscience, and if she were honest, she would have to
admit to feeling a strange sense of excitement at the prospect. 'After all',
reasoned Jenny, 'it was only ten lashes'.

After psyching herself up in this manner Jenny raised the basta to her shoulder
level, steadied her feet, then drawing her arm back as far as possible delivered
the first lash with as much force as she could manage, She heard the whistle of
the two blades as they flailed through the air followed shortly after by a CRACK
as the blades travel was arrested by the exposed skin of Conchita's body. The
end of the lash made contact just above the right shoulder blade with the
remainder of the length coursing a trail diagonally down the length of the body
ending just above the waist. Within seconds the tortured skin rose up into a
livid red weal. The force of the lashing caused Conchita's upper body to lurch
forward for a moment its movement checked by the taught ropes attached to her
wrists. The pain of the lash must have been terrible, but as Conchita had been
trained to withstand torture she was able to control the agony that her body was
experiencing by summoning all her reserves to control her mind. The only visible
sign of her torment was that she raised herself up on the tips of her toes for a
few seconds and her legs began to tremble. She was able to resist crying out by
pure mind control, the only sound being a long drawn out hiss of air being at
first inhaled and then slowly exhaled from her lungs through clenched teeth.

The two guards who were still sexually entwined in mutual masturbation were
pacing themselves, slowly gyrating their bodies in unison causing their
respective cunts to receive direct stimulation from the slippery upper leg of
their partner with just the right amount of movement to ensure continual arousal
without the danger of cumming too soon. Their faces were flushed and their
expressions twisted with sadistic sexual arousal as they took careful note of
Conchita's body after suffering the first lash of her whipping. They noted with
delight the body lurch that caused her ample breasts to swing forward from her
ribcage. They noticed the attempt to control the pain and the look of proud
defiance and absolute loathing that preceded the first lash and how, on the
point of impact, that look was replaced instantly by a grim determination not to
give the guards the pleasure of hearing her scream aloud. Conchita's face
screwed up, her eyelids clamped tightly shut, her forehead furrowed into two
channels between her eyes rising to her hairline flanked by horizontal lines
that aged her face by thirty years, her nostrils flared, her lips drew back to
reveal teeth locked together as the body seeks any means to alleviate the trauma
to which it has been subjected.

These small signs were what fuelled the sexual appetites of the two guards, and
even though Conchita was able to resist the almost uncontrollable urge to
scream, the guards did not fail to notice the flat tummy being drawn in, causing
the ribs to be visible under the soft skin, as breath was urgently drawn into
the lungs and then exhaled slowly through clenched teeth as she fought with all
her will the burning fire of the lash trail still raging down her back. The
guards knew that very soon Conchita would not be able to control her body and
would be forced to give them the pleasure of seeing her crack and hearing her
cry uncontrollably like a baby, her body and mind broken, but best of all her
screams of agony which were bound to follow with each lash once her will had
been broken. That was what the guards were waiting for, that would drive their
sexually charged bodies to their limit and beyond, yes beyond, as their bodies
took control allowing them that immense explosion of fucking brilliant ecstasy
that words cannot describe, but those who have experienced it just live for the
next time. The guards could wait for their relief, as they knew that time would
come, and in the meantime they could enjoy keeping their bodies on the edge as
they witnessed Conchita's losing battle.

Jenny prepared to deliver the second lash of the punishment, this time she would
have to do better, she thought. Raising her arm she launched forward and swung
the basta with all her strength. Hearing the whip whistle through the air and
lash the unprotected skin of the victim, gave Jenny a strange thrill that she
did not expect. The second lash fell almost parallel to the first but about 50mm
down. Again the red welt rose on Conchita's back within seconds. Conchita's body
lurched forward, just like the last time but still she was able to contain her
agony without crying out.

Jenny delivered the third lash straight after, beginning to fear that, as the
whipping so far had produced no 'audible' results she may be made to suffer
herself. The third lash was lower down, almost horizontal, just below the
shoulder blades. Although Conchita's back was looking very sore by now she still
did not cry out, although her legs did appear to be trembling a little more.
After the fourth lash Jenny thought she heard a moan from Conchita that might
indicate the beginnings of her breaking. The guards however did not appear too
disappointed up to now. They continued to masturbate each other and were
content, for the moment, to study Conchita's face and body for the inevitable
signs of her breaking point. Jenny however was getting very worried as the
punishment was nearly half way through and still that evil bitch had not
cracked. Jenny was beginning to regard this as a personal challenge. She was
determined that she would break Conchita this time. Gripping the basta firmly
she pulled her arm back and almost ran towards Conchita as she delivered the
fifth lash.

The whip sang through the air and lashed Conchita's back in almost the same
position as the first lash. Conchita strained upwards standing on tip toes her
calf muscles bulging her whole body taught as the agony of the lash resonated
through her body.

There was a definite sound like EEEEEE, involuntarily made by Conchita as she
fought to maintain control. Jenny could see now that her efforts were beginning
to take effect. The sixth lash produced more distinct moaning from Conchita
sounding like AAAAAEEEEEE! also her shoulders seemed to be heaving up and down
with a will of their own. The seventh lash cut across the others and was so
effective that Conchita could not help herself from emitting an unearthly animal
like growl lasting a few seconds, perspiration had began to appear on her body
with larger drops covering her back. Conchita was breaking. The guards were
preparing to orgasm their faces flushed with anticipation they rode each other
with renewed vigour. Jenny seemed to be taken over by another force, at last her
efforts were having an effect and the tough bitch was proving that she was at
least governed by human feelings.

The eighth lash marked the turning point, Conchita lost her control, and as the
whiplash contacted her streaked back she jerked uncontrollably, threw her head
backwards and screamed for all she was worth AAAAAAYYYEEEEE, AAAAAYYYYYEEEE, she
screamed, the chilling screams filled the room before dying down to silent
sobbing, her shoulders rising and falling with each deep breath that she was
forced to take.

Jenny although tired was now endowed with super strength as the adrenalin
coursed through her body, she was beginning to accept the awesome power that she
had bestowed upon her. She could see that the guards were reaching fever pitch
and, as there were only two more lashes of the punishment remaining, she guessed
that the guards were waiting for the next lash before giving in to the raging
sexual demands of their bodies.

The penultimate lash caused Conchita to scream so loudly that she began to lose
her voice AAAAAAAYYYYYYYIEEEEEAAAAGRRRHHH! As she screamed she hopped from one
leg to the other gripping her hands into tight fists, clenching them so tightly
that her bicep muscles stood out and swinging her head from side to side so
violently that the clips holding her hair in place flew out causing locks of
hair to fall onto her back and stick there, held by the sweat that now covered
her whole body.

The two guards could not hold back any longer and their combined screams of
pleasure were hardly audible above Conchita's screams of agony. The guard's
bodies mashed together in their throes of ecstasy, they kissed each other
passionately forcing their tongues down each others throats, fondling each
others breasts then gripping each others buttocks pulling their cunts together
squeezing the last juices of passion and lust from their orgasmic bodies.

Jenny delivered the last lash of the sentence, although her heart was no longer
in it.

The force of the last lash was much reduced, more of a token really, and Jenny
was surprised that it caused Conchita to cry out but she did, almost as loudly
as the last time. It was obvious that her body had finally reached the limit of
its ability to stand the agony to which it had been subjected; she stood there
striped and trembling, so different from the contemptuous, venomous Republican
fighter that she was earlier.

Jenny was exhausted by her efforts; she made her way to a corner of the room,
slumped down into a sitting position, closed her eyes and prepared to sleep. She
was aware by the sounds around her that the guards were unfastening Conchita
from her bonds, replacing the wrist and leg manacles, and after a while she
heard the door open and a shuffling noise as Conchita was taken away to a cell
somewhere.

Jenny felt a beautiful feeling, someone was kissing her full on the lips: it was
a tender yet passionate kiss. The lips were soft and the kiss was extremely
erotic, gently nibbling her top lip, pulling it out and then letting go, a wet
tongue gently tracing the edges of her mouth, slowly round and round, then
inside her mouth pushing between lips and teeth. Jenny thought that she was
dreaming, she was getting sexually aroused again. Slowly opening her eyes she
realised that it was no dream, the younger guard was bending over her, gently
touching her face as she kissed her. Jenny thought it odd that someone capable
of such cruelty could be so tender as she was now. The guard slowly pulled away
and gave Jenny an affectionate smile. For the first time Jenny realised how
attractive the guard was, her short hair gave her face an elfin look, and when
she smiled her teeth were so white and even. Jenny flushed and rose up, grasping
the guards face between he two cupped hands she gave the guard an open mouth
kiss delivered with more passion than tenderness, probing her mouth with her
tongue, urgently, she drove her tongue in and out of the mouth like a penis
fucking for all it was worth. The guard returned the kiss but slowly, less
urgently, the pulled away gently, and taking Jenny's hand led her toward the
table. The same table that only a few hours before she had tortured Jenny on.
This time she gently positioned Jenny diagonally on the table with her open legs
straddling one of the corners of the table. She lowered Jenny onto the tabletop
and this time Jenny's head was able to rest upon the table. She touched Jenny's
cunt just briefly enough to satisfy herself that the natural lubricant was in
evidence. Jenny felt the touch and raised her bottom from the table in an effort
to prolong the sensation. She was getting horny again and this time she was
going to get satisfaction if it was the last thing she did. The guard whispered
into her ear, 'slowly darling you will come I promise, but only when I decide,
and it will be worth the wait I guarantee'.

Jenny realised that she was going to have to wait and enjoy a slow build up
before she would be allowed to experience relief, almost like torture, she knew
that the guard was an expert at taking people to their absolute limit and
keeping them in that state until they cried out for release. 'This woman is
going to employ the same methods, she is going to let me build and build until I
scream out for the climax that my aching body demands, then, when she is ready,
and only then, will she let me come and come and come' thought Jenny. 'But this
time I don't mind, I shall enjoy the journey, I shall lay back and let her tease
my body little by little into a raging fucking horny excitement, let her treat
me like the filthy cum slut that I am, a horny bitch with a cunt wide open for
sex who deserves to be finger fucked in the cunt and arse until she comes her
lot and sprays her juices again and again' she mused. The guard was now nibbling
Jenny's ear, sucking her lobe, blowing gently into her ear causing Jenny to
shudder with delight. They kissed on the mouth again sensually, erotically. The
guard looked down on Jenny and whispered, 'Open your mouth my darling' Jenny
obeyed. The guard positioned her mouth about a foot away from Jenny's mouth;
pursing her lips she slowly allowed the spittle and saliva to drip down towards
Jenny's waiting mouth. As the guard's saliva trailed from her, Jenny raised her
head to meet it, she felt the sweet taste as it dropped into her eager mouth,
she savoured the taste before swallowing, and thought that this act was the most
intimate thing that she had ever experienced with another human being. Slowly
kissing Jenny's raised chin, then licking down her neck to the cleft between her
collarbones the guard moved on to Jenny's shoulder kissing, nibbling gently,
licking the guard slowly and expertly pleasured her. Jenny was aware of the
guard's small firm breasts each with their rock hard nipple grazing her own
breasts as the guard bent forward to kiss her. Jenny couldn't take her eyes from
those breasts; they looked so gorgeous, a beautiful golden colour with the
aureole darker and tight, surrounding those erect hard nipples. She wanted so
much to caress them to feel their hardness to feel the nipples tickle the palms
of her hands as she squeezed them. Jenny put her hands toward the guard's
breasts, she could not resist the temptation of them but the guard gently fended
her off, with a smile as if to say, 'you may look, but you may not touch, yet'.

Jenny's body was responding to the caresses, she could feel the heat between her
legs, that lovely aching feeling as the hood of her clitoris felt the pressure
of her growing sexual desire. Oh how she would have liked to touch herself down
there, to spur on those feelings, to feel that wetness and to use it as a
lubricant for inserting a finger or two inside her. But that was impossible at
the moment because, the guard, after having blindfolded her, had raised and held
both of Jenny's arms above her head. In this position Jenny was blind and a
virtual sex captive. The guard was giving her full attention to Jenny's breasts,
fondling them, kissing and licking them, circling her sensitive nipples with her
tongue, sucking on a nipple and gently stretching it to twice its length. Jenny
was in heaven again, she loved having her tits played with and being blindfolded
had the effect of heightening the pleasure. The guard played with Jenny's
breasts for ages and ages and Jenny experienced something that she had never
experienced before. Because no one had ever spent so much time and attention on
her breasts the feeling of pleasure that she felt changed from a pleasant
tingle, (which is what she was used to), to an incredible sensitivity, both
breasts were so sensitive, and had turned rock hard, the slightest touch sent
waves of almost orgasmic pleasure ringing through the whole breast. And this
woman kept on pleasuring those bursting tits. Jenny had to cry out 'Oh fuck,
YES, Oh God that's beautiful, Oh don't stop, don't stop, OOOOOHHHHH, SLOWLY
Yes,.....SLOWLY, Oh FUCK...Now harder, HARDER.BITE MY NIPPLE....OH Yes! '. So
loudly did she scream in her pleasure that she did not hear the door open, and
the other guard enter.

Jenny was out of this world, never in her life had her tits given her so much
pleasure, she would never have believed that this could be. She thought that she
knew her own body so well, of course she had fondled her breasts whilst
masturbating and it felt good, and boyfriends in the past had played with her
tits as part of lovemaking but were usually too intent on getting into her
panties to spend much time there, but this woman knew her body better than she
herself.

Jenny's tits dominated her thoughts; she could enjoy this feeling for ever, she
was only slightly aware that something was happening down below. Her cunt was
responding to another stimulus. The feeling in her clit was vying for attention.
Her mind was split between the incredible sensations in her breasts and an
ever-growing excitement in her pussy. When she allowed her mind to leave her
breasts she was aware that someone was expertly eating her, kissing her clit
fingering her labia and slowly pushing three fingers into her vagina with a
thumb pressing into her anus.

The elder guard had returned and was as intent upon pleasuring her as her
friend. This guard knew how to make a girl do anything she wanted by bringing
her to a peak of sexual tension and maintaining this sweet torture until she was
ready to allow her the release for which her body craved. Jenny's mind switched
from her tingling breasts to her demanding cunt. Her vagina was stretched open
so slowly and so gently that the guard now had four fingers inserted as far as
they would go; only the thumb prevented further insertion. Slowly rotating the
fingers produced an awesome feeling, and when the thumb brushed across Jenny's
clitoris she shuddered with pleasure and cried out.

The fingers kept moving, feeling the walls of Jenny's love tunnel, probing and
searching and when Jenny gave a jump they had found the spot that they were
searching for. One fingertip played around and over that spot, the feeling was
intense, Jenny's body was alive, and she trembled with rising sensations of pure
ecstasy, her cunt dripping with pre-cum, her clit crying out for attention.

Jenny was rampant, whatever inhibitions she may have had fell away as she gave
herself completely to the attentions of these two women. Her body had been
excited so many times that day, coming so close to an orgasm that was denied to
her. This time though she knew that, when the time was right, she would be
allowed to reach that beautiful release for which her body yearned. Her cunt was
so red and swollen. Her clit was so hard and raging. Her breasts felt like they
were alive: her nipples ached. She was getting so close now. 'Oh fuck me, fuck
me, let me fucking come. Pleeeeeeease, I'm so close now, Oh God' she screamed,
her hips rising and falling, rising and falling again as she rammed her cunt
against the vibrating fingers of the elder guard. Fucking those fingers for all
she was worth. The blindfold was whipped away. Jenny saw the younger guard, one
hand pleasuring her breasts whilst the other was finger fucking her own cunt
furiously. She smiled down at Jenny, then, her smile gave way to a look of
serious concentration as she masturbated herself towards a climax that she
wished to share with Jenny. 'Nearly there my angel' said the guard, 'We're all
going to come together'. Jenny looked at the elder guard whilst she massaged her
pleasure spot. This guard was squeezing her own full breasts whilst rubbing her
cunt against Jenny's leg. She did not speak, but Jenny could tell that she was
nearly there herself, as Jenny's leg was dripping with the guard's juices, and
the guard was groaning in sexual heaven, her teeth clenched tightly together as
she worked herself into a frenzy. 'Oh God I'm going to come, I'm ready to come
right now PLEASE let me come' screamed Jenny. 'Yes, Yes, You come now,' said the
guard, 'We will come after you'.

Jenny did not have to be told twice 'AAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH' screamed Jenny.
'Oh that's so GOOD.....OH FUCK I'M CUMMING AGAIN 'AAAAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHH' I don't
believe it. 'AND AGAIN, OH ITS FUCKING HEAVEN' screamed Jenny as she came and
came again and again.

As her orgasms subsided a little Jenny witnessed both guard's cumming together,
their bodies jerking in sexual spasms, their cries of ecstasy filling the room,
their sex juices flowing from their cunts in rivulets down their shaking taught
legs. The sight of this made Jenny horny again that she came again, in one final
shuddering climax that drained her to exhaustion. 'Oh fuck, Oh fuck', she
moaned. 'Those were the best fucking orgasms that I have ever had', she said,
before falling into a deep and well-deserved sleep.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hornybenge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





