BDSM Library - Susan's Plight




Susan's Plight
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman is abducted from a parking lot and subjected to painful tortures and twisted sex acts by a lone rapist.
Susan's Plight

A tale by Dom Master

Susan's mouth ached as the putrid tasting cock strained to work its way down her
gullet.  Even semi limp, the disgusting member was a full 7 inches long, and
quite thick.  Her assailant held her by the hair, forcing her head back, her
throat open.

When her nose pressed into the dank, sweaty pubic hair, the man let out a deep
moan.  She thought she had reached the depths of her despair, but she was wrong.

It seemed a lifetime ago. Susan had just finished putting groceries into her
car, when out of nowhere a man had grabbed her from behind, and pushed her into
his pickup truck.  She had been forced across the bench seat, and down to the
floor of the passenger side.  As the man drove away, he held her there with his
right foot, and drove with his left.

Unfortunately for Susan, her home and the grocery store were located just on the
outskirts of a small town.  It didn't take long for the dim lights of town to
fade away completely.  After just a few minutes, the man told her in a rough,
scratchy voice to get up on the seat next to him.  Terrified, she did as she was
told.

He told her to reach into the glove box, and get out the duct tape.  Shaking,
she retrieved the tape.  He then told her to pull off a strip long enough for a
blindfold.  Susan nearly passed out from fear.  With the tape covering her eyes,
she was completely blind.  The man told her if she wanted to live, she would do
exactly as she told.  She knew any hesitation would mean certain death.

 As they drove along, she began to lose her sense of direction, and before long
was hopelessly lost.  They both sat silently as the truck made its way further
and further away from her car, and away from her life.  Finally, after rumbling
down an old gravel road for quite a while, the truck braked to a stop.

The rough man got out, and dragged the terrified girl out by the arm, bruising
her with the strength of his hand.  He led her into an old hunting cabin, and
she could tell by the musty smell that they would be quite alone.  Once inside,
he told her to stand still.  She heard the sound of him walking around, and not
knowing if he could see her or not, didn't dare try to peek through the
blindfold.  She shifted her weight nervously from foot to foot, with her arms
folded in front of her.

His heavy footsteps approached her from behind, and then he grabbed her arms and
zip tied her wrists together behind her back, leaving her completely vulnerable. 
The thin plastic strip was very tight and very painful.  She began to sob, and
was struck on the side of her head with the heel of his hand for her effort. 
She was told to shut the fuck up, which she tried to do with all her might.  Her
head was throbbing.

She felt him tug on the front of her shirt, and then heard the distinctive sound
of fabric being sliced with a knife.  In just seconds, she felt the thin, cotton
shirt fall from her body.  Her knees were so weak she was afraid she'd fall. 
How she wished she hadn't worn the shear, seamless bra as she knew it did
nothing to hide her ample 36D tits.  She could feel him staring and knew her
dark brown areolas were completely visible through the transparent material.  It
didn't help that her bra was a size 36C and her nipples were pressed hard
against the cups.

At 25, Susan was in perfect shape.  She had kept her 5 foot 6 inch body toned by
working out at the gym 3 nights a week, and though she had dark brown hair and
brown eyes, her skin was very light complected, and very smooth.  Her breasts
were large and full, and had developed just a bit of sag, but other wise she
still looked the same as she did in high school.  She had a glowing face, and
her slim waist helped accentuate her slightly under proportioned ass.  Although
very nice by any standard, with slightly smaller tits, her ass would look great.

Susan's captor was rustling around, and she heard a chair being dragged in front
of her.  Then she felt the most terrifying thing of all.  A noose had been
slipped around her neck.  She thought this sick bastard was about to strangle
her, when actually, he was no where near being done.  The man told her that she
had two choices... stand there and take whatever he gave her, or choke herself
to death.  More than anything, she wanted to live.

She heard a belt buckle being undone, and assumed she was about to be raped. 
She was wrong.  The first lash of the leather belt across her right nipple split
the bra's thin material in two, and sent a flash of fire through Susan's chest
and right shoulder.  She screamed in agony.  The man just laughed at her, and
brought the belt down across her left nipple, exposing it as well.  Susan
thought she was going to die from the extreme pain eating through her tender
flesh, but she was just at the beginning of what would become a seemingly
endless night of suffering.

Five more lashes across each breast had removed the cups of the bra, but the
front clasp held tight.  The ruthless man actually liked the way the open bra
accentuated her large tits, offering them up to him, so he left it on her. 
Walking around behind her, he then delivered 20 lashes to the tender flesh on
Susan's back.  She had fallen a couple of times and was caught by the noose.  By
this time she was almost too hoarse to scream, but her contorted face revealed
her torment.  As he admired his work, the angry red welts covering her upper
body oozed droplets of blood, which merged with the blood already smeared by the
belt.  Her once smooth, round breasts were now uneven and bumpy, her back a
pattern of crisscrossed stripes.

He told her that was just a warm up, but now he had to piss.  He told her to get
on her knees, and he lowered the rope with her.  On her knees before him, hands
tied behind her back, her upper torso shaking and covered with welts and blood,
he stepped out of his pants.  He told her she was going to drink his hot, bitter
piss straight from the tap, and if she spilled any, or vomited it back up, he
would wedge her mouth open and shit down her throat.  She believed him.

The cock in her throat withdrew a bit, and she felt it swell as he forced his
urine out.  The flow of salty piss into her mouth had made her retch, but she
knew all too well that his threat was genuine.  The first mouth full went down
her throat with a hard swallow, but the flow was increasing.  On the second
swallow, some of the foul liquid was squeezed out around the man's cock and ran
down her chin.  Panicked, Susan tilted her head back further, took a deep
breath, and let the head of the cock slip past her epiglottis and on down into
her gullet.

Since she hadn't eaten in nearly 12 hours, Susan's stomach was empty and she
could clearly feel the rush of hot liquid as it filled her.  Although unable to
breathe, she could still smell the disgusting fluid as the man emptied his
bladder directly into her.  The flow of urine became a high pressure jet, and
she was glad she had decided to deep throat him since she couldn't have
swallowed fast enough.  After 30 seconds or so, the flow of piss subsided, and
after a few squeezes to empty the urethra, the man slowly withdrew his member
from the warm urinal of Susan's throat.  He wiped the last droplets of piss from
the head onto her tongue.  He told her she was a good "piss whore", and that he
would take that into account.  She felt a bit of hope return, and just a bit of
pride.

When he pushed her head forward, her forehead banged into the floor, which
caused her to see stars.  Not caring, he reached under her waist and undid the
snap on her jeans, then worked them down over her hips and off her legs one at a
time.  He positioned her on her knees with her face pressed to the floor, and
left her sheer panties on.  Even through her pain, Susan flushed red when she
remembered the matching set.  A moment later, she heard the whoosh of the belt
as it sped toward her upturned ass cheeks.  Just like the bra, the thin fabric
didn't stand a chance and was soon ripped to shreds.  She counted 15 blows, but
had become delirious from the assault on her tender cheeks and wasn't exactly
sure how many times the narrow belt found its mark.  She did know her ass felt
like she was sitting on a hot griddle and thought she might die from the
absolute pain of it.

The sadist looked at the bright red streaks on her ass, and noticed a few that
were purple.  He knew those bruises would last quite a while.  With an underhand
swing, he brought the last punishing blow of the belt up across her barely
covered vulva, which sent her sprawling across the rough floor.  Using the 9
inch hunting knife, he cut through the elastic band holding the tattered remains
of the girl's panties.  He liked watching her writhe around on the hard floor in
a futile attempt to relieve the burning.  With her hands behind her, she was
trying to touch her wounds, to somehow rid them of the fire that was digging
into her.  He let her squirm for awhile before pouring the rubbing alcohol onto
her bright red back and ass.

Unable to stand it, Susan rolled around on the floor trying desperately to wipe
the searing pain from her back and ass, no longer caring about the noose around
her neck.  As she turned face up, the stream of alcohol found the raw flesh of
her tits, and burned its way in.  It was simply too much and she finally blacked
out.

When she awoke, Susan found herself bent over a wooden saw horse, with her
wrists tied to rings in the floor in front of her, and her ankles spread and
securely fastened to the floor behind.  The noose was gone, but the top of the
saw horse was unusually sharp, and dug into her stomach.  She didn't know that
the top had been beveled to a fine 45 degree angle.  If she rose up on her tip
toes, and stretched out her fingers, she could just raise herself off the sharp
board.  She couldn't hold that position very long though.

Her captor informed her that he was about to go around the world, and that she
was going to be his ship.  She wasn't completely sure what he had meant by that,
but she was pretty certain it was time for her to be raped.

Holding her head up by the hair, he started with her mouth.  In the position she
was in, her mouth automatically opened, and he pushed himself down her throat in
one slow, steady thrust.  She tried to relax her throat and open her mouth as
far as she could, but he told her to suck hard as he pulled out. He told her to
swirl her tongue around the head when it stopped just inside her mouth, and she
did.  When he started to push back in, he told her to open wide as he fed his
cock down her throat.  He didn't stop until his balls pressed against her chin. 
After a few seconds, he started the slow withdraw.  She sucked hard, and then
swirled her tongue.

He fucked her throat this way for nearly half an hour before finally picking up
the pace.  With her hair still gripped in one hand, he traced the outlines of
her welts, still highly defined, with the fingers of his other.  Occasionally,
he would scrape his nails across the raised flesh, just to feel the warm breath
of her screams against his crotch.  He pumped harder and harder until he finally
grabbed her head with both hands, and held himself in the bottom of her throat,
bloodying her nose in the process.  Glob after glob of thick, hot cum sprayed
down her throat, and mixed with the piss still in her stomach.  She fought hard
not to get sick.  He kept his cock buried deep in her throat until his orgasm
receded, and didn't begin to slowly pull out until she was thrashing for air.

She gasped, drew in a deep breath, and inhaled some of the remnants of his thick
spunk, which made her cough.  He reminded her of what would happen if she threw
it up, so she desperately fought to regain composure.  She didn't know how much
more she could take; quite a bit as it turned out.

Still blindfolded, she couldn't see what her rapist was up to and she worried
about it; rightfully so.  She smelled the cigar and for a second was a little
girl on her grandfather's knee again, until she felt the cigar's tip press
against the side of her tit.  She screamed with what was left of her voice,
until it finally became just a raspy whimper.  She sobbed uncontrollably, which
only caused the saw horse to dig deeper into her now aching stomach muscles.

She heard the crackling of burning tobacco as he took a couple of draws on the
stogie, and then heard his heavy footsteps move behind her.  She squirmed as his
thick fingers spread her delicate pussy lips, and though it touched only for a
second, the red hot tip of the cigar cut into her clit like a razor.  It was
quickly followed by another slice directly on her asshole.  The searing pain
tore through her body like a lightning bolt, but she did not pass out.  Every
muscle tensed and strained, and blood trickled down the saw horse as it cut a
line into her flesh.

The twisted man told her she was ready to get fucked, and that he wanted her to
feel every inch of his cock going in and out of her.  He even demanded that she
count the thrusts, just to make sure she wouldn't space out and miss out on the
fun.  He held on to the saw horse for leverage, and rammed his thick cock into
her nearly virgin pussy.

Although she had had many suitors, Susan had only been with 2 other men.  The
first one was her high school sweetheart whom she had dated until just last
year.  The other was one of the accountants, named Bill, from the office where
she worked as a bookkeeper.  She had gotten drunk on wine at an office party and
accepted a ride home.  She hadn't planned on sleeping with him, it just
happened.  Embarrassed, she avoided him when she could.

Susan felt like her clit was being ground off with sand paper, and could feel
each heavy slap of the man's hairy balls against it.  She could feel the head of
his dick bruising her womb as it pounded into her, and she counted out loud with
each stroke.  She got up to 250 before he pulled himself out.  She wondered why
he hadn't cum, but quickly realized he hadn't finished when he spread her ass
cheeks apart.  As he pushed the fat head of his dick through the virgin opening,
the blister that had formed popped and gave him some extra lubrication.  To her
it felt like acid.

A minute before, Susan had thought the pain in her body couldn't possibly get
worse.  She was so wrong.  Words can't describe the intense, mind numbing pain
of his sticky cock stretching her burned opening.  He forced the entire length
of his dick into her ass until his pubic bone was pressed against her tail bone. 
Her sphincter twitched uncontrollably and only served to add to his pleasure. 
He began the long pull out and let his dick pop completely out for a few seconds
before forcing it past the tattered opening again.  He reminded her to keep
count.

After a while, he withdrew from her spasming ass, and reentered her pussy.  He
alternated between the two until she called out the 1000th stroke.  Buried in
her ass, he made a few quick jabs and spurted his thick goo into her bowels, but
before his orgasm ended, he switched back to her cunt and deposited some of his
load there as well.  After switching between her ass and cunt a few more times,
he went around to her face and forced her to suck and lick his dick and balls
clean.

Susan was relieved that the man must've needed a break, because she heard him
walk outside and could swell the faint aroma of another cigar.  This time she
didn't think of her grandpa.  She tried moving around on the saw horse to
relieve the ach in her stomach, but could not.  She was being assaulted from
every part of her body by a pain she never knew existed.  She couldn't have
dreamed in her worst nightmares of what was about to happen next.

The big man came back in, undid the restraints on Susan's wrists and ankles, and
let her drop solidly to the floor.  She rolled herself into the fetal position
and tried to block some the pain that was surging through her.  After a minute
or so, he positioned her on her back on the floor and resecured her ankles.  The
big wedge pillow behind her back rubbed against the raw flesh at it propped her
up.  Next, he tightened some kind of belt over her hips, which pressed her
bruised ass against the rough, wood floor.  Finally, he secured her arms out
behind her.  She couldn't move a bit.

He told her he was going to finish his trip by titty fucking her.  Her high
school boyfriend had rubbed his dick between her tits before she would have
intercourse with him.  She thought this wouldn't be too bad.  She was wrong.

She heard the pop of the cane on her chest before the pain registered.  By the
20th stroke, she was nearly having a seizure, and she could feel the blood
dripping off her tits and splashing on her legs.  The sick bastard then got on
his knees in front of her, removed what was left of her bra, and lashed her
battered tits together with coarse bailing twine.  The tight groove that formed
between them was coated in blood, and made an excellent substitute for a warm,
wet pussy.

At first, he held her shoulders as he pumped his cock in and out of the cleavage
of her tortured tits.  But then he began to paw and knead the bloody orbs, and
dug his grimy fingernails into the gashes made by the cane.  When he finally
came, he dug his fingers into her flesh as deep as he could, and one finger
actually penetrated inside.  That gave him a sick idea.

Even though the thin wire had a relatively sharp point, the tearing of her
delicate nipple sent a new, excruciating pain through Susan's right breast.  The
sadistic man fed the wire first through one nipple, then the other, and then
around her neck. The grotesque necklace held her big tits up, and exposed the
soft skin on the bottom.  As he removed the bailing twine that had held them
together, he pushed the nipples further apart along the wire.  Her abused
nipples were stretched to the limit, but held the weight.

With his knife, the twisted man cut a slit in the bottom of Susan's right tit,
just where it met her chest wall.  He made an opening just a bit narrower than
the thickness of his cock.  The distressed girl shook her head in a vain attempt
to stop the inevitable, but it was no use.  The fat head of the man's evil cock
pushed through the opening, and dug out a path between the layers of mammary
glands and skin.  He was amazed to see the outline of his cock's head as it made
it's way up through her breast toward the inside of her nipple.

When his dick was completely engulfed inside the warm tissue of Susan's tit, he
began to thrust.  He sawed in and out of her tit for a good 10 minutes before
slowing down.  Finally, he pulled his blood coated dick completely out, but the
helpless girl knew he wasn't done.  This time, he pushed the knife all the way
into her left breast, straight up through the mammary glands.

Each hard thrust deep into the middle of her tit sent a shock wave rippling up
to her collar bone, and even though she was unconscious, her body let out a soft
grunt with each one.  Back and forth he went, fucking one tit, then the other,
trying to decide which set of sensations turned him on the most.  When he could
hold back no longer, he let some of his hot cum spray inside her left tit, and
then switched to finish his orgasm in the right.  He watched his dick pulse
through the thin layer of skin until it finally stopped twitching.

When Susan came to, she was surprised to find herself back in her car.  It was
about 3:00 in the morning, and the parking lot was completely deserted.  Almost
afraid to, she looked down at her aching tits and saw that the sick bastard had
dressed her in an old t-shirt and had cut holes in it so her tits were exposed. 
To her horror, she discovered that he had removed her nipples.  There were just
two open sores where her little pleasure buds had been.

She knew in her little town that surveillance equipment was still something from
the science fiction movies, and she had never seen the truck before.  She didn't
even get a good look at the man before he had blindfolded her.  The sheriff told
her that they would try, but she knew they would never find him.

It's been 3 months now, and even with the stitches out, her breasts are still
very bruised and tender.  The burn on her clit left a scar, and she has lost
most of the feeling in it.  Her back and chest still show the patterns of the
beatings they endured.  She only goes to the store during the day when it's
crowded, and has thrown away all her sexy underwear and even her bikinis.  What
a shame she didn't know Bill had a crazy brother, and was pissed about being
dumped.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





