BDSM Library - Julie's punishment




Julie's punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cheating wife receives the first session of  punishment for her over the top behaviour.
Julie's punishment

Part One, 'The beginning'

My darling slut wife's punishment; well one instalment of punishment anyway,
there have been many of them; I believe she likes it rather too much, she keeps
misbehaving.

Let me explain, my wife of 25 yrs Julie, is a filthy disgusting horny cheating
bitch, nothing but a perverted slut, hey don't look at me like that, she loves
being called those things.

Julie struggles to find enough degrading or insulting terms to describe herself
at times.

At the time this story is set we'd only been married about 10 yrs and had just
the two young kids, Julie would have been 30 at the time of this tale. We have
three kids now and she's in her forties, and she still can't find enough
derogatory terms to describe herself.

Anyway back to the plot of those years ago:

"God I'm a filthy disgusting, slag, nothing but a slut whore, I've done it again
darling, let myself be used as a filthy fuck bucket", She announced one Saturday
morning when I asked why she'd not got home until gone 3am after her night out
with the girls.

The reasons she felt the need to boast about her bad behaviour the night before
were twofold, firstly she knew I'd hear about it from outsiders, she'd been
indiscrete you see.

Secondly, we live that kind of lifestyle, open and reasonably unrestrained, she
fucks around, so do I, and of course we play together a lot swinging and
swapping and the like with friends.

Well threefold reasons actually, I'm not an angel by a long shot and her slutty
behaviour gives me a hell of a buzz, makes my prick go harder and harder as she
describes the things she's been doing with other men, (and women, she's bi), if
I wasn't there to witness it.

"Oh yes madam, and what may I ask did you get up to then after I left the club
last night". I enquired, I knew she'd be up to no good; she was well on her way
when I saw her the evening before.

I'd been in a local night club having a drink and chat with friends when my
darling wife came in with her wacky female crew, all of them tarted up like
whores and quite drunk by that time. Flirting with any man who'd take an
interest, parading themselves for a pick up like teenagers rather than the
mature married women they were.

I'd left the club early in the evening, about 7pm just after Julie arrived.

We'd had a quick chat and Julie said she was staying the rest of the night so I
went elsewhere to give her space to play, I wasn't settled there anyway, not my
kind of club really.

"Well you aren't going to like it lover, I'm sorry, but I went a bit over the
top, it was the booze darling please don't be too cross". She pleaded with her
innocent big eyes wide open.

Now let me explain, to be blunt and open about the issue Julie has permission to
get laid whenever she feels the need, within reason of course.

OK by me if she picks up some guy and winds up in bed with him, or up against a
wall somewhere taking a dirty cock fucking as is her norm.

I don't even get too stressed if she does a filthy threesome with a couple of
trusted guys. But the rules are, no big uncontrolled wild sexual events without
me there to look after her, or at least one of our trusted good friends present,
and most important of all, no indiscretion, she must keep it all secret from the
local gossips and trouble makers.

"Come on you fucking slut, what happened". I asked with a sinking feeling coming
over me, 'Oh no, not silly rumours to quell again, she's been too public with
it'. I thought.

Last time she did this I'd had to make all manner of excuses for her behaviour
to local prudes and neighbours after she was seen dirty dancing with two guys in
a pub, and then leaving with them later. Bloody trollop, I love her.

"Well you see, Mary met a guy she used to go out with years ago, and see, well
he had some mates with him like, and well they were really nice clean looking
blokes, so well I sort of got a bit carried away didn't I". Julie mumbled with a
look of trepidation on her sweet face.

"Umm how carried away exactly young madam", I asked with an even deeper sinking
feeling.

"Well I sort of got all horny with them and dancing and that, well you know sexy
dancing like, you know how I get I don't have to explain". She whispered.

'I knew it, the whole bloody streets seen her grinding her cunt against some
blokes on the dance floor again' I thought.

Julie does that a lot, dirty dancing, no problem really at our regular club,
everyone knows us, everyone's acting the same there anyway. But this last night
was in a more upper crust club we don't use all that often, a lot of the local
prudes and some of our neighbours do though.

Julie is one hot horny bitch on the dance floor when she's a bit drunk, she gets
very sexed up in no time dancing close with a guy, you can clearly see her arse
cheeks tensing and jerking as she humps her cunt bulge against her dance
partners cock lump as they slowly move about.

Darling Julie has been known to bring many a man to orgasm on the dance floor,
starching his underpants for the rest of the evening.

"Got horny, pahh! I suppose you were mock humping them all in public again you
fucking whore, arse cheek groping the lot I suppose, kissing and cuddling in
public too no doubt". I growled, I always put on my Mr growly voice to chastise
Julie; it never has any effect so I don't know why I bother.

Julie looked a bit nervous and was thinking hard, she always frowns when she's
thinking and cocks her head to one side a bit.

"Come on young madam out with it, how bad were you last night, and why were you
so fucking late home without phoning and letting me know". I urged, I was keen
to get it out in the open by this time; curiosity was taking over as well.

"Well darling you see, I got really horny dancing with a couple of the blokes,
you know they were both sexing me up together, like touching me up and that,
well you know how that gets me". She whispered nervously and paused for a
response.

"Yess, go on slut". I primed.

"Well one thing led to another like didn't it", she mumbled and paused again for
a big breath.

"Did it now, and what did one thing and another lead to Julie", I asked in my
low gruff'ish voice of authority.

"OK well I did it with all of them, like let them shag me, like we went for a
ride somewhere and they all did it to me like, well you know how I get after a
few drinks and sexing up". My darling slut wife announced.

"So you let these two guys take you off and screw you in turn did you, a dirty
threesome hey madam". To be honest I was a bit relieved at that point, I'd
visions of her saying she'd made a right spectacle of herself in the club, I
mean a dirty secret fuck with a couple of guys her friend knows isn't too bad a
crime, I was beginning to feel turned on by the thought.

"Umm darling, Umm there were more than two of them like, not just the two that
were sexing me up, their mates as well like". Julie whispered nervously, "only
Tessa Barnes saw me with them all like, in the car park you know, getting into a
car with them", she continued after another deep breath.

I felt the sinking feeling drop down on me again, Tessa Barnes, village oracle,
biggest malicious gossip in the area, never practices what she preaches though,
she's as big a tart as Julie at times, 'must remember to fuck the nosey bitches
guts out one day', I remember thinking at that point.

"Umm how many more than two you fucking slut, and for fuck's sake, Tessa Barnes,
why in the hell did you let that nosey cow see you". I asked.

"I couldn't help it, she was creeping about like she does, fucking slag". Julie
replied and went quiet for a while.

"Umm I asked how many more than two Julie". I said firmly.

"Promise you won't be too mad with me, I couldn't help it". She replied hedging
away from answering.

"Do I have to ask Tessa how many, now then, how many bitch". I raged; I was
genuinely becoming annoyed.

Julie was studying me, trying to gauge my real mood, I was in turmoil, Tessa
Barnes would be running round the neighbourhood already telling everyone who
seemed interested, and a number who weren't. I had visions running through my
head, trying to guess how many guys she'd screwed last night, trying to
visualise it all, like where did they do it, what did they do to Julie, who were
they.

"Well Umm four actually darling". She blurted out quickly.

"You went off with four guys and let them all fuck your slut cunt, fucking
whore". I mumbled, 'Hmm four, well could have been worse I suppose', I mumbled
to myself, a four man mini gang fuck being bad, but again not the end of the
world, it was worse though.

"Well like Umm four more than two actually". She whispered.

"That's six" I replied astounded.

"Umm well yes, I suppose it is", she replied.

"You fucked off somewhere with six guys, that's a fucking gang-bang you filthy
slag, not a wild session". I really was very angry now, no way was I accepting a
real gang bang like that the filthy whore.

Before this time to my knowledge Julie had enjoyed the pleasure of being fucked
in turn by 5 guys including me; we were all drunk that night at a swing party
orgy, all controlled though, drunk or not it was all controlled and safe.

The main thing being I was there that night at the orgy party; I was there to
ensure her safety, and most important there to witness the horny depraved event
and get my dirty high over it watching her getting fucked, and taking her wet
loose cunt last as is my liking.

My darling slut wife had broken her gang bang record, but without me being
there, all secret from her loving hubby who gave her these kind of freedoms to
play dirty, she'd broken her record and broken every rule in our agreement in
the process. I was not amused.

"Right I want the full story you fucking whore, everything, where you went, what
they did to you, and most important who are they and did you make sure they were
clean and safe". I ordered.

The reference to safe and clean obviously being did she insist on condoms if any
were strangers we didn't know could be trusted, or hadn't been vouched for by a
friend.

"Oh dear, do I have to, I can't remember a lot of it, I was drunk darling wasn't
I, it just sort of happened". She whimpered.

"Well you'd best start fucking remembering, I need to know don't I, I need the
details so I can take any action that needs to be taken". I growled, this time a
real growl.

What the hell action I could take was a mystery really, but I was so wound up,
nothing much was going to make sense until I knew the facts.

We both got a large glass of wine and sat at the kitchen table with the bottle
at the ready to top us up, Julie began her tale of debauchery and lust.

It appears from what she remembers her mate Mary set her up, Mary wanted to get
laid by the ex-boyfriend but didn't want his mates about, so she passed her
friend Julie on to them to keep them occupied.

Mary knew full well Julie was well gone on booze and feeling horny, also knowing
Julie to be a gang bang slut it seemed a natural thing to do.

Julie informed me that two of the guys targeted her for a sexing up, dancing
with her in turn, touching her up, allowing her to hump herself against them.

"One kept touching my tits sort of secretly while we danced, fuck it made me
hot, then his mate would be humping his big prick against me and groping my arse
cheeks, made me even hornier didn't it". She boasted all smiley faced at one
point, fucking whore.

She noticed that the two who were playing with her kept going into a whispered
conversation with their mates, organising the gang bang no doubt.

I've been there, I can visualise the conversation these guys were having as
their blood pressure mounted for mounting Julie.

"Hey she's up for it, drunk as fuck boys, she won't be saying no tonight, we'll
take the slut somewhere and all do her whether she wants it or not", or words to
that effect, been there and done that so I know the score.

Anyway to cut a long story shorter a bit later Julie remembers one of her
new-found lovers asking if she wanted to go somewhere for a bit of kinky fun, of
course trollop agreed without hesitation and it was arranged.

She doesn't remember being asked if the whole crew of guys could come as well,
but they all just sort of bundled out of the club with her, she wasn't in the
mood to argue so went along with them all.

Next thing she remembers is squeezing into the back of a car with three of the
guys in the club car park, it was then she spotted Tessa Barnes through her
drunken hazed eyes and knew she'd been rumbled.

Julie's recollections of the actual event were a bit confused by her drunken and
horny state of mind, she was hot as hell to be fucked and drunk half out of her
head, no inhibitions what-so-ever that much she does remember.

It appears she allowed the six guys to take her to an abandoned barn about 3
miles out of town and there she laid on a pile of hay for an hour or more and
allowed them to do what the fuck they wanted with her in turn, and all together
it appears, she seems to remember cock's up her cunt, up her arse, in her mouth,
rubbing all over her body.

This apart from all the other abuse and fondling, when I got to examining her
later she was covered in bruises, scratches, and red marks, her tits were
battered and bruised as well as her belly mound and thighs.

My darling's cunt hole and arse hole were both very red and abused in
appearance; my God she'd had a seeing to.

After her marathon orgy, rather than coming home straight away she appeared back
at the club about two hours after she'd left as if nothing had happened and
continued her wild night out. The guys all buggered off after they dropped her
outside the club, probably feared being accusing of raping her, women often cry
rape after a voluntary gang bang don't they, to cover themselves with hubby
like.

If this vile disgusting act of wanton lust had been the end of it that night,
I'd have calmed after a while and probably have got into a kinky game with her
discussing the event and winding up making love to her gently as a present for
her brave efforts.

I would have given her a right dressing down for taking such a risk with six
strangers, but hey, that's life aint it, we all take risks occasionally don't
we.

It wasn't the end though, after our chat about her epic fuck in the barn, I
suddenly realised something, Julie had been to the barn, got gang fucked, and
got back to the club by 11.45pm by her own admission, she cocked up actually and
told me too much info about the event and timing of it, that'll teach her not to
boast about her sexual stamina while she's confessing her sins, bloody tart.

Had she claimed it happened later and she came straight home afterwards I'd
never have known about the rest of her wild night and early morning affairs
would I, but I'm not as daft as I look.

"So young madam, what were you doing until 3am then, from 11.45pm that is". I
blurted out to her surprise.

"Oh shit, I've fucked up haven't I, like big time fucked up". She whispered
meekly.

"You sure as hell have lover, now where were you and what else did you get up to
last night". I growled.

"Umm well I was still drunk wasn't I", she began; I stopped her.

"The drunk thing is wearing a bit thin honey, cut the crap and give me the
truth, no more bullshit". I snapped; I was really wound up by this time, what
the fuck else did the filthy cow do the night before.

Julie hung her head, and whispered her answer very nervously.

"Well some guys had seen me leave with the lot that did me in the barn, and well
they wanted some of me as well so they started sexing me up and that".

"Sexing you up; for fuck's sake woman you'd just been fucked by six guys for
over an hour, how much more sexing up did you need, you should have been
satisfied by then". I raged.

"I was dr..... OK I was fucking horny, I've been so fucking randy this past
month I'd have fucked the world last night and still wanted more". She snapped
back at me.

"Well why the fuck didn't you say, I knew you were hot, but not that fucking hot
you filthy cow, I would have arranged something for you, more controlled like
you stupid bitch". I shouted, I was on the verge of hitting her, punching her in
the face like. I'd only ever punched her in the face a few times before this,
and those by accident really when carried away during some play or chastisement,
I'm not a woman beater of that kind by nature.

"Right out with it, no more fucking about, what else did you do and if I find
you've lied I'll beat the fucking shit out of you, then chuck you out". I raged,
she looked scared, she knew I meant it.

My darling slut wife proceeded to calmly tell me the rest of her wild night and
morning, it appears she allowed herself to be seduced yet again, this time by
three other guys.

Usual procedure, dirty dancing with one of them until horny as hell, then
agreeing to go back to his flat with him and his mates, where all three
proceeded to fuck and abuse her some more on the guys bed.

No wonder her cunt was in a state along with the rest of her body, this little
additional fling made it 9 men in one night, and most of them doing her more
than once.

It appears she also fell to sleep in the guys bed with him after his mates left,
the reason she was so late home, she woke in a start at 2.45 and had to dress
and rush home, luckily for her the guy only lives about half a mile away.

Another embarrassment though, local guy she seduced didn't she, but not a
regular friend, a partial stranger sort of, I of course knew the guy a bit, just
to say hello to, but would have to face him in the pub with the knowledge he had
in his head about my wife, and with no real way of avoiding embarrassment for
both of us.

"Right slut, as you seem to have screwed half the town last night and early
morning and had your fun. I'm having mine now, get upstairs". I ordered.

"You're going to punish me aren't you, I deserve it don't I". Julie whispered.

"Yep you sure do, and you're getting it". I replied.

"Are you going to hurt me", she mumbled.

"Do you think you deserve to be hurt darling", I asked.

She thought for a while, Julie liked a bit of pain during sex back then, but not
so much as to leave her uncomfortable or marked afterwards.

"Umm yes I do deserve it I suppose, we'd better get it over with then hadn't
we". She whispered.

"Oh no, not get it over with, what I'm going to do to you now won't be the end
of it lover, not by a long way, you've gone so far over the top this time it's
going to take weeks to sort you out". I whispered, my cock rising rapidly at the
thought of the things I was about to do to Julie, and the things she was going
to endure later.

She looked at me with half pleading in her eyes, a sort of little naughty girl
look when daddy's getting the stick and showing it to her ready to punish her.

"Not too rough Paul, please; don't mark me too much". She pleaded.

"Nothing that will show lover, nothing that will show unless you take your
fucking clothes off for some stranger again this week that is, up to you now
lover, punishment or banishment, up to you". I whispered, my prick now almost
rock hard with the anticipation of knowing she'd choose punishment.

I like punishing Julie, she takes it all so well, she likes it to a degree as
I've said but is also very brave about the bits she doesn't like so much, she
just grits her teeth and takes her pain and punishment without too much fuss.

Oh don't get me wrong, I'm not a natural born sadist in a big way, no regular
torture sessions for the hell of it or anything like that, well not with loved
one's anyway, strangers maybe.

It's just that I have a thing about punishing people who need punishing; I
suppose I'm a disciplinarian really. I do get a nice hard-on inflicting pain and
torture on Julie and others.

I poured out the last of the wine into her glass empting the bottle, "Down it in
one girl, it'll relax you for what you've got coming to you, we need the bottle
empty anyway don't we". I whispered kissing her head gently.

"Oh God no, Oh fuck not that". Julie mumbled as she picked up the glass and
swallowed the contents in one big gulp.

"Do I need to bring something to gag you, or are you going to be brave and not
scream out too loud". I whispered close to her ear, again kissing her head
gently.

"I don't know Paul, how bad are you going to hurt me, I'll try to be brave". She
whimpered weakly.

"Oh darling I'm going to hurt you bad, very bad, you'll need a few days off work
bad I should think". I whispered, my cock twitching violently with anticipation
and added arousal; I was enjoying this mental torture of my slut whore wife.

"Oh God help me, Oh fuck why did I do it why did I have to go over the top again
and make you punish me". She whimpered, looking decidedly apprehensive.

"Hmm why darling, still look on the bright side darling, hubby's going to have a
fun Saturday on the strength of it aren't I, and a fun week or so, as I said
darling today is just the start of your punishment for this vile crime". My
voice was cracking with arousal by this time, my prick began to ache it was so
fucking hard as I visualised the things I intended to do to her, and have done
to her by others.

To be honest this was about the most arousing punishment experience I'd had with
Julie, the big one, she'd been so badly behaved I didn't need to hold back much,
not many limits. Oh I still loved her dearly but she had to be punished, and the
best part of it this time was she knew she had to be punished big time and would
accept anything I wanted to do to her, within reason of course.

I'd punished Julie before this time, many times, but usually just a hard
uncaring fucking with bit of tit punishment and maybe cunt stretching and the
like, maybe a mild beating with a belt or cane across the buttocks and back.

Julie you see has always got carried away and misbehaved a bit at times
sexually, but never this bad before, the big one.

Of course as I say she'd also always taken her punishment afterwards without a
fuss.

"OK darling, pain and punishment time". I sort of quipped lightly as I grabbed
her hair pulling hard forcing her to stand up out of her chair in the process,
she cried out loudly.

"Now, now, no loud screams or it's parcel tape round your face, and you know how
that stings when I rip it off later". I whispered as I dragged her across the
room by her hair.

"No Paul, no, please not too rough". She pleaded as I let go of her hair at the
foot of the stairs and slapped her very hard across the arse cheeks with one
hand while pushing her up the stairs with the other on the middle of her back,
she cried out again not so loudly though.

"Get up to the back room and get ready, hubby's got to go get some more tools to
play with". I barked.

Punishment always takes place in the back room upstairs; it's a nice size room
empty apart from a single bed for visitors and a wardrobe, loads of room to
play.

Best of all it's right out of earshot of the neighbours, you can make as much
noise as you need within reason.

Friends bring their wives and girlfriends round to punish and torture them in
our private back bedroom, it's quite famous as a torture chamber.

Even the spare bed is a very old almost antique thing with an iron frame and
wire spring arrangement, for very heavy sessions the mattress comes off and the
victim can be tied to the cold iron frame to be tortured and punished properly.

We have some friends who perform some very bizarre acts with each other and with
friends of theirs in our spare room, some we don't even want to know about and
go out leaving them to it.

All manner of punishments take place at our house in the spare room, we just
send the kids to the in-laws out of the way and actively take part in a lot of
events, Julie likes to watch a punishment beating or other form of violent abuse
on a guilty victim.

We actually gang raped a barely legal teenage boy in there recently to punish
him for sexually assaulting a young underage girl and hurting her badly, Julie
watched the whole thing and assisted at times, she loved it, but that's another
story, I mustn't digress.

Back to our tale of Julie's punishment:

A sudden panic thought came over me, our kids, they'd been staying at Julie's
parents the night before because we both wanted to go out, I was supposed to be
picking them up at midday.

I picked up the phone and dialled. "Hello Jack, listen mate sorry about this,
but Julie got pissed out of her head last night and has a hell of a hangover,
any chance you and Ellie can look after the boys for the rest of the day for
us". I said as naturally as my raging hard cock and aroused state would allow.

"No problem Paul, they can stay until Sunday, like tomorrow, we love having them
here, and you tell my bloody piss headed daughter it serves her right if she's
in pain". The father-in-law said with a chuckle.

I smiled a wry smile, "I'll tell her that Jack, thanks mate". I said as I put
the receiver down, if only poor Jack and Ellie knew the truth about their
daughter's behaviour and of course the pain she was going to be in later because
of it.

After a trip to the garden shed to pick up a nice whippy bamboo cane and a sort
through the cupboard for a few more items I mounted the stairs and made my way
up two at a time, I was keen to get started.

Julie was laid out flat on the spare bed when I entered the room, she jerked in
shock and alarm as I burst into the room.

"Oh shit". She mumbled at the sight of the cane in my hand, the wine bottle in
the other, and the nylon twine hanging out of my pocket, I didn't normally have
to tie her up but if she started objecting too much and trying to struggle free
from the torture chamber I may have to restrain her this time.

No more messing about, I walked over to the bed, reached down and took the
V-neck of her dress in one hand and pulled hard, the material ripped immediately
and the dress began to tear open down the front, Julie lurched upward with the
sudden forced assault on her clothing.

At the same time under the added weight of her body the buttons on the back
began to give way and with little more effort the whole garment was ripped off
of her virtually, just the remains of the torn dress to pull off down her legs
and over her feet.

"You bastard, that dress was nearly new, don't be so fucking rough", Julie
barked abruptly, half in anger, half to wind me up more I think.

"I'll give you fucking rough you slut bitch", I raged as I reached down and
rolled her over onto her front very crudely, pinning her head down hard into the
bed spread with one hand on the back of her neck.

Julie was struggling a bit and fighting for breath with her face buried in the
soft bedding as I grabbed her bra strap and pulled hard, with a sharp jerk the
poppers gave way and the bra sprung open at the back. Julie cried out and gasped
for breath as I released the pressure on her neck.

She looked so lovely laid there face down, her bra open with the straps laid out
each side of her body, her soft white skin with a few dark red marks, nail
scratches, and bruises from her ordeal of the night before, brighter red marks
from the forced removal of her dress and bra strap.

At that moment in time looking at her still and silent form laid out as she was,
breathing heavily, the idea of seeing her lovely body being ravished was very
appealing.

Watching as several men took her by force, see her being gang raped as her
punishment, maybe I should have chosen that option.

I studied her shapely form as she lay there quite silent apart from her heavy
breaths, her trim waist and lovely plump arse cheeks stretching her knickers
causing the narrow crotch material to be pulled deep into her arse crack between
her lovely upper legs.

I know I'm biased but Julie was and still is a very attractive and shapely
woman, not an ounce of unsightly flab on her body, yet soft and yielding flesh
with no bony bits either, just big and soft all over. Apart from her belly that
is, in those days Julie was a fitness fanatic, she had a six-pack of stomach
muscles most men would crave when she tensed her gut.

I could see her big plump tits spreading out under her upper arms as they were
pressed down against the bed, lovely big soft yet upright tits with very little
droop to them at all.

My cock was raging hard, I wanted to just rip her knickers off and fuck her at
that point in time, but I resisted the temptation; that would have been pleasure
not pain for her.

Neither of us were saying a word, just the sound of Julie's heavy breathing;
mine too, excited breathing for me, and the rustling sounds of the bedding
beneath her.

I picked up the cane from the floor where I'd dropped it in my eagerness to rip
her clothes off, I lifted her head roughly by her hair; she twitched and grunted
but didn't cry out.

I waved the cane in front of her face so she could see the implement of torture
that was about to ravish her tender flesh.

Then still holding her by the hair I lifted the cane high and brought it down
across her back quite hard with a loud thwack of wood on flesh, Julie lurched
violently and cried out.

I watched the bright red stripe mark begin to raise across her upper back, I hit
her again a little lower, another sharp thwack, another red stripe on her back,
another cry of pain and twitching of her whole body, her flesh quivering all
over.

"Oh God, Oh no, Jesus that's fucking sore", Julie mumbled.

"How does it feel bitch, hey, how does it feel you fucking slut whore", I
whispered in a croaky aroused voice, God I wanted to hurt her badly, teach the
slut a lesson she'd never forget, but I knew I mustn't get too carried away, not
with my lovely Julie.

I let go of her hair and her head hit the bedding with a dull thud, I raised the
cane again and brought it down hard across her panty clad arse, her arse cheek
muscles tensed instantly the stick hit them and she lurched forward, just a loud
grunt this time she was getting herself under control.

Again I watched as the red wheal mark appeared where part of the cane hit her
bare flesh just above the waistband of her knickers. I like to watch the marks
raising on the flesh after a good hard striping, it prolongs the torture and
agony as well if you take your time about it.

No frenzied beatings for Julie like some have to endure, just a nice slow build
up to things more extreme.

Up went the cane again and down hard across the back of her shapely upper legs,
yet another loud crack of the cane hitting her, two red marks this time, one on
each leg.

Julie hardly moved with that striping; just grunted loudly again as the stick
hit her legs.

"Had enough yet bitch", I urged, "am I hurting you enough you fucking whore", I
continued in a whisper.

"You fucking well know you're hurting me you bastard; God that's sore", she
pleaded.

"Hmm nice, very nice, because this is going on for fucking hours you filthy
slut, you won't be able to walk by the time I've finished with you today", I
informed her as I hit the back of her upper legs yet again, she twitched and
then moaned loudly.

I discarded the cane for the time being, just temporary respite while I got on
with other things. I reached down and grabbed her knickers by the waistband then
yanked them down her legs very roughly; she lurched and cried out with the
suddenness of this assault.

The lovely red wheal mark across both arse cheeks came into view, so pretty nice
red beating marks on such soft white skin don't you find, I do.

I like to see plenty of marks on a punished body, not too extreme of course with
my lovely Julie, no blood if it can be avoided with her.

"So they fucked your slut arse hole did they, hey bitch, stuck their prick's up
you arse, bet that didn't amuse you, not too good at anal are you". I whispered,
which was true, Julie gets very uncomfortable after a couple of cock's up her
arse, always has, for some reason she can't relax enough to take it without pain
up that hole.

"Yes and it's fucking sore today, the bastards I asked them not to do me up the
bum", she replied.

"Hmm, wish I could have been there darling, to watch them fuck your arse, hear
you plead for mercy as their prick's fucked your tight arse, I'd have told them
all to gang bang your arse". I whispered in her ear kissing her face gently.

"Fucking twisted bastard", Julie replied in her angry voice, a deliberate
attempt to keep me wound up bless her, Julie likes the verbal abuse as much as
physical abuse.

"I'll show you twisted you bitch, you aint seen or felt nothing yet". I raged as
I parted her legs a bit more and prised her arse cheeks apart to get a look at
her wrecked arse ring.

Julie's arse ring looked sore, very sore, red and inflamed, bruises all in
between her arse cheeks, I spotted a hint of bright red tearing in her crinkled
ring, just a small split in the tight flesh.

"Hmm one of them split you darling when he stuck his big cock up your arse, did
you bleed, I'd like to see you bleed from a cock fucking", I commented, quite
calmly as I remember.

"I know, yes I did my knickers I had on last night are stained with blood", she
replied.

"Hmm you must show me your blood stained pants darling, does it hurt", I quipped
as I prodded her torn arse ring with one finger quite hard, she let out a little
scream and jerked violently.

"Yes it fucking hurts you evil shit, stop that", she croaked through the
discomfort.

I grabbed her hair again and wrenched her head back, she cried out, "I'm going
to fuck your arse later darling, fuck it hard and fast you filthy bitch". I
whispered in her ear then I bit her earlobe quite hard, she cried out in shock
and pain.

I like the feel of flesh in my teeth, I dropped her head, lunged forward and
sunk my teeth into the soft flesh of her shoulder; she whimpered and struggled
as I bit harder and harder, pinning her down with the weight of my body, I
wanted her to scream out, she wouldn't the bitch.

"Stop, please no more, stop", Julie cried out after about 20 seconds of
increasing bite pressure on her flesh, I continued to bite harder for a while
longer then eased up and sat back.

I watched the two semi circles of red teeth marks forming, etched in the soft
flesh of her shoulder, at first bright red, then after half a minute or so
turning sort of purple'ish in colour.

Then I grabbed her by the arm and rolled her onto her back, "More bitch, hey
take more of that will it", I said in an aroused whisper as I cupped one of her
big tits in my hand and manipulated the breast into a firm upright lobe.

"No, please don't, not that, don't mark my tits", she whimpered.

"Shut the fuck up slag", I think were my words as I dived forward and sank my
teeth into the soft yielding flesh of her breast.

I bit hard feeling the loose skin of her lobe pinch up between my teeth, she
cried out and wriggled as I increased the pressure of my jaw muscles sinking the
teeth deep into the roll of flesh. I feared that I'd gone too far, I could swear
I tasted blood in my mouth, too soon for her to bleed yet; that would come later
if at all.

It must have been her sweat I tasted, there was no blood to be seen as I
released my mouth and sat back to watch the imprint of my teeth change from red
to purple on the soft white skin of her left breast just below the big brown
nipple rim.

I dived in and bit her left breast again just a little away from the first bite
mark, same procedure biting as hard as I dare on the roll of flesh, another nice
dark red set of teeth marks on her tit.

"You taste so lovely darling, so lovely, I've a good mind to taste your blood,
shall I make you bleed Julie, shall I, I'll do it where it won't show later". I
whispered in her ear.

Julie began to shed real tears, "I'm sorry darling, I'm so sorry, teach me a
lesson I'll never forget, I need to be taught a lesson". She mumbled.

Julie you see really needs her punishment after she's been a very bad girl it
eases her guilt she tells me, I just think she likes it in reality and gets yet
another sexual high from it all, Julie gets a sexual high from a large number of
things and events.

"Oh I'm going to lover, I'm going to, you'll never forget this day believe you
me". I growled as I began very roughly squeezing the breast I'd just finished
biting into, I pinched her nipple hard and twisted it, she grunted loudly and
her whole body quivered again.

Along with the red and purple marks I'd just made on her tits were many bruises
and scratches from her orgy, on both lobes, and all over her belly, just small
red marks and bruises from rough handling, nothing like the wheals and bites I'd
begun to inflict on her lovely soft white skin of course.

"On your front again bitch", I ordered, Julie obeyed without question and rolled
over, I studied the dark red wheal marks from the earlier beating as I reached
down and picked the cane up again.

I walked round the bed, well semi-circled the bed, up one side round the foot
and back down the other, I did this 3 or 4 times, swishing the cane through the
air. Julie's head was flopping from side to side as she tried to follow my
movements, trying to see what I was doing, trying to anticipate the exact moment
of the next bite of the cane into her soft skin.

I stopped half way down one side of the bed and brought the cane down hard
across her buttocks, she cried out in shock and pain.

Silence again for a few seconds as I watched the red stripe mark appearing, then
I thrashed the end of the cane against the wardrobe with a loud bang.

The reason for this action was twofold, it scared the shit out of Julie with the
sudden loud bang, her entire body seemed to lift and drop half inch with the
shock and she cried out.

Secondly the hard impact with the wooden wardrobe split the cane at the tip,
nice sharp split to inflict even more pain each with blow.

I gave her three sharp stripes with the cane in quick succession across her
arse, thwack, thwack, thwack, she quivered with each lash and was gripping the
sides of the bed quite hard by the last one, her knuckles were bright white with
the effort.

I watched the new wheals forming, making a pretty pattern on her rump as they
criss-crossed over the original cane marks in a different direction.

Julie's back and arse cheeks were beginning to look very marked and sore, the
last three wheals were very angry looking and a bit wider than the originals,
the split in the cane was doing its job and biting deeper into her skin.

My prick was raging hard still, juices oozing out of the eye I was near orgasm
as I hit her again twice across the buttocks and upper legs.

Julie was just making loud grunting noises as the cane struck her flesh now,
quivering flesh as the stick thwacked down twice in a matter of seconds.

"Right bitch, let's wreck that arse hole a bit more, I need to cum". I whispered
as I dropped the cane and then parted her legs.

"No, please don't, not that, God darling it's so sore up there, keep hitting me
if you want, but not that". She pleaded.

I wasn't listening; I stood up and dropped my jeans and underpants, kicking them
off across the floor then climbed on the bed between her open legs.

As I parted her arse cheeks wide with my thumbs Julie let out a yell and
wriggled, I studied her red battered arse ring, very sore indeed it looked.

Without further ado I let go of her arse cheek one side and pushed a finger into
her arse ring, she quivered and cried out, I eased the finger into the opening
and in it went quite easily, she was a bit slack up there still, slack it may
have been but Julie whimpered and wriggled with the pain of the invading finger
in her sore and split hole.

Her arse was quite dry, no way a cock was going up there without lubrication,
not without discomfort to me that is, and that wasn't part of the punishment was
it, discomfort for me.

Up I got and told her to wait as she was, into the bathroom I dashed and
retrieved the pot of Vaseline from the cupboard then back to my waiting slut
wife.

"Oh God no, please don't Paul, please, anything else you want but not that, not
yet, tomorrow, I'll do it tomorrow". Julie was whimpering as I took a big blob
of Vaseline and began working it between her arse cheeks and around the hole.

"You'll do it now slut", I grunted out as I shoved a finger of lubricant deep
into her arse hole making her jerk and cry out.

I could have fucked her cunt, no pain there though, a bit battered as it was
Julie's big loose cunt hole would have taken my cock with hardly any pain no
matter how hard I banged into it, she's always had a big cunt hole, and deep,
she can take massive cock's without problem.

As I eased the end of my rock hard prick into her arse Julie let out a little
wail and gripped the sides of the bed, I held still with just the helmet buried
inside her arse ring for a few seconds, "how does it feel darling hey, nice hot
arse fucking for you my girl", I whispered, then pushed harder and in it went,
right up her first thrust, Julie lurched and grunted.

She was mumbling and grunting as I began to fuck her arse in and out slowly, it
felt so lovely so tight compared to her big slack cunt, yet loose enough to fuck
in and out of without too much restriction with the slippery Vaseline lubricant.

I was giving her almost the whole length of my tool slowly right up her arse,
then slowly back out again, she was grunting loud each time my helmet reached
the bottom of her hole and pushed gently against her insides.

I was careful to be honest, OK I wanted to hurt her, but not damage her, this
was punishment enough my big prick stretching her already sore arse as it fucked
in and out of her, no way do I ever want to really damage her badly or cause her
serious harm.

"Oh nice, so nice and tight, God you're a lovely arse fuck Julie, so nice and
tight, oh yes those lucky bastards who had this last night, oh yes, they should
all have had you up this hole it's lovely, hey darling". I heard myself
whispering as I slid my cock in and out of her battered arse hole.

Julie wasn't saying a thing as I used her arse for my pleasure and her
punishment, she was gripping the edges of the bed tightly and whimpering or
grunting as I fucked her, her head to one side, her face twisted up with the
discomfort of it all.

I was savouring the feel of her tight arse and enjoying the discomfort I was
inflicting on her I was high as a kite on the arousal and lust of it but felt
nothing for her, she was there for me to use as a hole to shoot my spunk into
and give me my pleasure, nothing more. She seemed to like being used for sex, so
I was using her, fuck it she let everyone else use her.

Five minutes and it was all over, no way was I lasting longer, I was virtually
on vinegar stroke when I first shoved it up her. Suddenly my balls tensed, my
toes curled up, and I felt my cock twitching and tingling as I shot my load deep
in her arse, several big grunting jerks to pump it all inside her.

"Ahh shit ahh, you bastard that hurts, no stop, ahh" Julie muttered as I gave
the final couple of deep jerks with the last drops of spunk oozing out of my
cock.

"Jesus that was fucking lovely, I'm going to fuck your arse again in a little
while, so lovely". I whispered as I pulled my softening cock out of her quite
quickly and without feeling.

As I eased myself off the bed and began to stand I gave her a good hard slap on
the arse cheeks with the flat of my hand, she lurched forward and cried out.

"Right then darling, what shall we play now, what shall I do to you now hey, hmm
such fun this darling, are you enjoying yourself as well". I teased as I stood
back to survey the scene and check on the damage to my slut wife.

"Fuck you, you bastard, fuck you", Julie mumbled weakly.

Nice criss-cross patterns of stripe marks on her arse cheeks and back, very red
and sore looking between her arse cheeks from the nice fucking she'd just had,
big pink mark from the hand slap on one cheek. 'Hmm, job well done I think Paul,
must keep it up', I thought as I picked up the cane.

Thwack I brought the cane down high on her back, almost on her left shoulder
actually, she jumped and grunted loudly with the shock of it.

I raised the cane again, right up high above my head level as I always do, no
need really, I could inflict the same level of pain and damage from a few inches
up with a sharp twitch of the stick.

But it's the psychological thing isn't it, she can see it up there waiting to
crash down on her out of the corner of her eye, I get the feeling of great power
and cruelty as I lift the stick high to thrash her body.

Good god I'd never bring the stick down full force on her, it would tear her
flesh to shreds, no just the slow downward stroke with a little whip action at
the end of its travel.

I balanced things up with a final thrash of the cane on her right shoulder, a
nice pair of stripe marks to match.

"OK tea break lover; then we'll get to the heavy stuff", I quipped lightly.

"Fuck you", she mumbled as she relaxed at last on the bed, she began panting
quite heavily as her body relaxed it's tension of anticipation, poor love was
knackered with the effort of enduring her punishment torture.

I sat on the edge of the bed and began gently soothing her worse stripe marks
with some of the Vaseline, she quivered each time I touched a sore one; best to
apply lotion to the bad ones it stops them turning too angry and scarring. OK it
also soothes the pain, and I'm a softy at heart aren't I.

As I sat soothing her wounds as it were, Julie relaxed completely, flopped out
like a rag doll face down on the bed her head to one side, her arms draped over
the edges of the bed.

"I'm sorry Paul, I'm so sorry, I won't do anything like as bad as that again,
you know I'll be a bad girl I can't help it, but not 9 men in a night again, not
without you there darling". Julie whispered after about 7 or 8 minutes of
silence.

"You always break your promises though Julie, don't you, hey, what about the
last time I had to punish you like this for staying away all weekend without
telling me where you were. You said then you'd never go off with strangers
again, you did it last night though didn't you, 9 of the fuckers". I replied.

"Oh God, yes, I'm a cow, I'm a fucking whore slut cow, I deserve everything you
do to me today, you are going to do me over bad aren't you later". She
whispered.

"I sure am honey, very bad, hey we've got the rest of the day yet, and guess
what darling, tomorrow as well, your mum and dad are looking after the boys all
weekend for me to punish their vile disgusting slut of a daughter". I whispered
in her ear as I kissed her neck gently.

"Oh shit, I can't love, not all day and tomorrow, not the beatings like", she
mumbled nervously.

"Oh the beatings are nearly over and done with love, just another hour or so to
beat you some more and play a bit, then I think I'll fuck your arse again, then
we'll see how sore that big cunt of yours is and how sore we can make it, shall
we". I whispered kissing her again; my cock was rising already, this was fun.

Julie said nothing more, she just relaxed and made the most of her respite from
the torture, after about 5 or 6 minutes of gentle caressing and soft whispers
from me she was almost asleep.

I left her to have a sleep and recover some and went downstairs for a breather
myself, as I sat with a cup of coffee I was playing with my half hard cock
thinking of things I'd just done to Julie, and the things I was going to do to
her later, and the things I had swirling in my head as a plan for the next days
of punishment for my slut wife.

Well that's enough for now I think, of my little story that is, not of Julie's
punishment of course, maybe I'll tell you more later if anyone's interested, or
are you bored with it all now.

That's the trouble with real life stories though isn't it, they take so bloody
long to recount in full and uncut detail, not like fiction, you can cut that off
and bring the story to a close when you want can't you, nobody notices. Let me
know if you want the rest of her punishment.

Pops.....................


Copying and reproduction of this story is permitted, but only for non-commercial
private entertainment and providing all relevant acknowledgements are included.

Julie's punishment Pt: One, 'The beginning', by pop_54 / 2003.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pop_54


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





