BDSM Library - The Scuba Trip




The Scuba Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three spring breakers get more than they expected out of a scuba diving trip.
The Scuba Trip

	They were almost an hour late when they finally showed up.

	"Sorry, we over slept" explained Ashly.

	She looked hungover.  I had a good idea of why they overslept, but I
didn't blame them.  It was their spring break, after all.

	"It doesn't make a difference to me why you were late," I replied. 
"You're still going to have to pay for my time, and so far I've been out here
for an hour."

	She looked like she was about to come back with an argument, but held
back.  I guess she had already figured that would be the case.  I wondered what
she would say if she knew what type of "payment" I had in mind.

	I had already loaded up the boat so when we were all aboard we left
right away.

	As we pulled away from the dock I couldn't help but get excited about
what was about to happen.  I had been planning this for a while and was finally
getting a chance to act it out.  When they hired me the day before I knew that
they were perfect for my little 'scheme'.  The three girls were on spring break
here in Key West, miles and miles away from home.

	As I drove to the location that I had chosen I took the time to look
over my passengers.

	Ashley, the blonde, seemed to be the leader of their click.  Being 21
she was older than her friends and a year ahead of both of them in school.  She
was about 5'6" with a very slim frame and perky B cup breast.  She looked more
like the type that was just born with a good body then the type that actually
worked out.

	Lisa was 19, and about 5'8".  She had dark hair, brown eyes, and tan
skin typical of a latin woman, but I wasn't sure exactly where she was from. 
She was also very curvey with at least c cup breast and a very shapely ass.  I
loved her exotic look.

	Karen, the youngest of the group was only 18.  She was about 5'10" with
a very athletic body.  She looked like she might have played some type of sport
for her school.  She was a brunette with tan skin like Lisa's, but she didn't
look latin.

	When we arrived I dropped anchor  and instructed them to get ready. 
They stripped down to their bikinis and I could tell I was going to be in for
good time.  When they were ready I helped them strap on their fins and tanks.  I
showed them how to read their air meters and let them know that they had 60
minutes of air before we would have to return to the surfarce.  I helped them
down into the water first before I followed with a bag of goodies that I had
prepared.

	Once in the water I lead them down to a sunken boat that I had found on
another scuba tour I had given.  People seemed to find it interesting to see the
old boat.  As they swam around the boat I reached inside my bag and found a pair
of handcuffs.  Lisa and Karen were around the back of the boat trying to read
the faded letters of the boats name, while Ashley was toward the front.  This
was the perfect opportunity.

	I swam around behind Lisa and Karen hiding the contents of my hand. 
While they weren't paying attention I snapped one of the cuffs around Karen's
ankle.  She looked down at me shock. I then grabbed ahold of Lisa's ankle hooked
the other cuff to it.  I dragged them towards the rail that lined the side of
the old boat.  They tried to swim away but I was a much stronger swimmer than
them, especially now that they had both lost use of one of their legs.  They
tried to kick at me, but they couldn't get much momentum with the flippers
attached to their feet.  I reached into my bag and pulled out the type of chain
lock they sell for bicycles.  I used it to attach their ankles to the rail.

	I then preceded to take care of Ashly.  She had noticed the commotion
but until then had done nothing.  She seemed like she was in shock.  As I swam
towards her she quickly came to her senses though and tried to swim away.  I had
purposely given them shorter fins then mine so catching her was no problem.  I
pulled her hands behind her back and cuffed them together.  I then dragged her
back to the boat and cuffed her feet to the rail a safe distance away from Karen
and Ashley's reach.

	I looked over at Karen and Lisa.  They were watching me with a terrified
look in their eyes.  I reached into my bag and pulled out another pair of
handcuffs.  I held them out in an offering but they didn't know how to react.  I
then pulled the air peace out of Ashley's mouth and watched her face  turn white
with fear.  I pulled of her goggles so that her friends could get a better look
at the scared expression in her eyes.

	I offered the handcuffs again and Karen quickly took them.  She started
to put them on but I waived my hand at her to stop.  I pointed to Lisa and then
turned Ashley around to emphasize that I wanted her hands cuffed behind her
back.  Karen took the hint and turned to Lisa who was less than thrilled with
the idea.  She resisted at first, but Karen's expression stressed the importance
of going along with my demands.  When Lisa's hands were cuffed behind her back,
I gave Ashley back her mouthpeice and she took in the much needed air greedily.

	Karen looked at me with a look of despise.  I gently tugged at my
googles and then pointed at Lisa.  She took the hint and removed Lisa's goggles. 
Lisa squinted at first from the sudden shock of the water in her eyes.  I then
gave a tug at Ashley's bikini top and pointed back at Lisa again.  Karen looked
into Lisa's terrified eyes and then turned back to me.  I got the hint that she
needed a little inspiration and reached for Ashley mouthpiece.

	Prepared this time, she bit down on the mouthpiece hard.  I looked at
Karen who now had a look of content on her face.  I guess they thought they had
one that arguement. I reached behind Ashley's back and twisted the valve on her
tank shut, effectively cutting off her air.  Her eyes lit up when she realized
what had happen and she started to wiggle and squirm again.  It wan't until her
face started to turn red that Karen finally removed Lisa's top.  Lisa looked
back at Karen with a spitefull look.  I guess she must have felt betrayed.  It
turned me on to think about how I now had one friend helping me take advantage
of the other.  I opened the nozzle to give Ashley back her breath and then gave
a tug at her bikini bottoms.  I pointed to Lisa and Karen complied much easier
this time.  As Lisa's bikini bottom fell to her cuffed anke her face turned red
with embarrassment.  Her pubic hair was shaved in the shape of a heart.

	Turned on now I pulled out my dick and started to masturbate slowly. 
With my other hand I made a groping type motion and then pointed to Lisa's
breasts.  Karen look confused so I clarified by massaging Ashley's breasts. 
Karen shook her head no so I reached for Ashley's mouthpiece again.  I didn't
actually have to cut off her air this time because Karen quickly took the hint
and started to play with Lisa's breast.

	Lisa suddenly pulled her hands free of the handcuffs and attempted to
stop Karen.  I guess they thought they could trick me, but Lisa's stupidity had
ruined that idea.  Karen quickly responded by wrestling Lisa's hands behind her
back and cuffing them again.  Her athleticness helped her to overpower Lisa
without too much touble.  I swam over to make sure that they were cuffed for
real this time.

	It's amazing how the human mind works.  Karen, who had been forced to
make the decision to cuff, strip, and fondle her friend rather than let her
other friend die, had already come to the realizaion that it was necessary to
sumbit to my will.  Lisa, however, had been more of a victim this whole time. 
She hadn't had to make such concious decisions and wasn't yet ready to do
whatever was necessary to survive.

	I returned to Ashley and started to strip her nude.  I fondled her
breast and ass, and then motioned for Karen to do the same to Lisa.  She picked
up the idea quickly that she was supposed to mimic my movements on Lisa.  I
guess doing exactly what I did made her feel like she was less of a rapist and
more of an extension of my will.  Lisa scrunched her eyes shut as tight as she
could, trying to ignore what was happening.

	I then pulled Ashley's ass toward me and began to rub my dick against
it.  Karen repeated the motion with her fingers against Lisa's ass.  I then
pushed my dick between her cheeks and began to fuck her in the ass.  It was very
tight, but the water helped me work my way in.  I could here bubbles coming out
of her mouth piece as if she was moaning into it, but I wasn't sure.  Karen
looked at me pleadingly but when I reached for the valve again she quickly drove
her fingers into Lisa's ass.  Lisa's eyes opened wide in shock.  I hoped that
that was the same look that Ashley gave Karen when I began fucking her in the
ass.  I began using my other hands to play with Ashley's clit and breast. Karen
continued to finger Lisa's ass while she played with her breast at the same
time.

	The sight of Karen fingering Lisa in the ass and playing with her breast
while she squirmed against her bonds was too much for me to handle.  I came
quickly into Ashley's tight ass.  Ashly must felt it happened becuase her body
tensed up and she began struggling even more than she already was.  When I was
finished milking the last of the cum out of my dick with her ass I pulled out
and reached for another pair of handcuffs from my bag.

	I held them out for Karen to take them but she refused them.  I shrugged
my shoulders and turned back to ashly.  I cut off her air and then turned back
to Karen, but she still wouldn't take the handcuffs.  For whatever reason, the
last thing she wanted to do was let herslef be cuffed too.  Maybe she was just
testing how far I would go.

	Then an idea came to me.  I turned Ashley's air back on and then looked
back to Karen.  I gestured towards my watch to remind her of how much air she
had left and then began to uncuff Ashley's feet from the rail.  I cuffed them
back together and swam back to the surface with her.  I'd be back for her later,
when the hour was almost up.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Swing Trader


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





