BDSM Library - Vulnerable to Sadism




Vulnerable to Sadism
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very attractive young teenage girl is kidnapped and tickle-tormented by her captor.
Vulnerable to Sadism



	Darkness. That was all 16-year-old Jackie could comprehend when she
awoke. Her entire world, everything above, below, in front, behind, and beside
her. All that had become non-existent, a black dimension that had swallowed her.

	Though she still had feeling. Beneath her, a squishy waterbed, with a
soft blanket on top, which she lay face down on. It felt warm and soothing, like
a hug against her soft skin. Duct tape bound her wrists and ankles unyieldingly
together and had also been used to gag her. A bag covered her head and part of
her shoulders, with a thin rope or shoelace tied tightly around her neck,
keeping the mask in place. A few inches of her soft, wavy, dirty blond hair
stuck out beneath the cord.



	Kevin admired his latest catch, a stiff erection forming as he did so.
Jackie was wearing a tight fitting navy blue t-shirt; long, dark blue jeans with
a brown leather belt; and black, size 8 shoes with white socks. The room was air
conditioned, but that didn't prevent a light layer of sweat from forming on her
body. She breathed loudly through her nose, due to a combination of lack of air
and intensifying adrenaline. He reached down and let his fingers graze her
slender wrists, feeling the duct tape binding them together. Her helplessness
increased his desire...and she was such a beautiful young woman; he knew this
would be a session to remember.



	The next thing Jackie detected was a person sitting down on the bed next
to her, the mattress creaking beneath his weight. She couldn't see the person,
and couldn't see what the person was doing. Her heartbeat began to quicken in
fearful anticipation. Jackie felt a cold hand gently rest palm-down upon her
collarbone, the invisible touch sending a soft shiver down her back. Slowly, it
smoothed down along her spine, and patted her rounded buttocks. She tensed but
remained quiet. The palm moved down the back of her leg, then the kidnapper's
body moved to the foot of the bed. He grasped her ankles and lifted her feet
into his lap. His pointer finger lazily traced the creases of the sole of her
shoes, clearly in no hurry; then gently caressed and massaged each of her
Achilles tendons. He slid her pant legs up her calves, between her ankles and
knees, and after a moment she felt slight increases and decreases in pressure
against the top of her foot as he began untying her shoelaces. The shoe loosened
a second or two later, and was pulled off carefully. This process was repeated
for the other foot. Finally, he peeled each of the soft socks off and admired
the sight. Her lovely bare feet were pressed against his leg, the delicate soles
facing upward and wonderfully wrinkled. He playfully wiggled his fingers across
each of her sensitive arches, and watched her try to pull her legs away,
feasting on the way her toes wiggled when he did so.

	Slowly, he leaned close to her voluptuous, bare left foot, with its
tender sole, perfect shape, and perfect toes merely adding to the beauty.
Growing aroused, he took her velvety feet into both hands and sniffed each,
luxuriating in the magnificent yet subtle scent they emitted. Jackie winced when
he slid his tongue up and down her ticklish, exquisite arches and heels, then
gobbled up her toes and nibbled gently on them. The tip of his tongue began to
lightly stroke the center of the arch, causing her foot to twitch at the
sensation. He moved the tip in a circle around the soft, tender globe of her
heel. She spread her toes as he moved from the heel up along the sole, then held
her big toe and the toe next to it apart as he darted his tongue between them.
She jerked again as a result of the tickling. He repeated the slow, agonizing
tongue tickling upon her other foot, savoring the taste and the feel of her body
jerking as he did so. He gobbled up each of the savory little toes, relishing
each moment that he ran his tongue across and between each delectable morsel;
indulging in the feeling of them in his mouth, the tantalizing piquancy and
sweet, pungent aroma.

	Eventually, he set her feet down and produced a pair of scissors from
his pocket. With them, he made a small incision in her pant leg, and slid the
sharp blade up along the jean fabric, effortlessly cutting the thin material. He
was careful upon reaching her butt-he took extra special precautions not to poke
the tender flesh or cut the flimsy underwear. She shivered lightly when the
backs of her legs became exposed after he discarded the severed jeans. He
allowed each of his pointer fingers to lightly scrape each of her delicate
heels, then placed his hands palm-down on each of her ankles and wrapped his
fingers around her slender, bronze legs. His hands gingerly caressed the
baby-soft skin, massaging and kneading, slowly stroking her calves back and
forth from heel to the back of her knee. He gazed in admiration at her smooth,
rounded buttocks, protected only by the thin, almost translucent pink material.
Jackie's ass muscles tightened as he began to gently stroke and mold the soft,
malleable flesh, her kidnapper delighting in the feel of the frail underwear
against the firm orbs.

	After a moment, he moved to her torso and gently rolled her over so she
was facing the ceiling. Jackie could make out a vague source of light hanging
from the ceiling above her through the black cloth, probably a fluorescent
light.

	Her arms, bound fast behind her back, caused her breasts to be strained
against her chest. Once again, the scissors severed her clothing at a leisurely
pace, this time slicing through the thin t-shirt just below her belly button. It
cleaved the soft fabric in a clean, straight line. Jackie suddenly felt very
exposed as he cut through the collar and the front of the divided t-shirt fell
to either side of her slim tummy.

	Kevin lay down on her legs so his head was resting on her stomach. He
lost himself in the feel of her rhythmic breathing and body heat. He nuzzled the
firm yet soft skin, gingerly kissing her petite belly button and occasionally
swirling his tongue along its lovely creases.

	He continued nuzzling her skin while sliding his head up between her
breasts, the torn shirt slowly slipping further off the front of her. It wasn't
long until Kevin was lying completely on top of her, the weight of his body
pressing completely upon her. She was repulsed to feel his stiff bulge through
his pants, pressed against her narrow slit.

	He suddenly loosened the cord around her neck and pulled the bag off her
head. Jackie squinted, trying to hide her eyes from the oppressive glow of the
overhead fluorescent lights that blinded her due to the sudden sharp contrast
between the inside of the dark bag to the bright light.

	Kevin leaned close to her face, only about an inch of space between
them. He casually stroked her hair while staring into her fearful yet innocent
brown eyes. She didn't break eye contact, nor did she blink, afraid of what he
would do next. Her face was bathed in a light sheen of sweat.

	Kevin gently grabbed the edge of her duct tape gag and quickly yanked it
off her face. Jackie yelped and began inhaling deeply. When she had caught her
breath, she looked at him. "Please...don't hurt me."

	Kevin, still silent, put both of his icy hands on her slim neck and
wrapped his fingers around it as far as they could reach. Jackie was momentarily
afraid that he was going to strangle her. However, he lifted up her head and,
much to Jackie's dismay, kissed her deeply. Her eyes grew wide as he forced his
tongue between her luscious lips and swirled it around in her mouth, exploring
everywhere. Jackie's head was sandwiched tightly between Kevin's and the bed,
prohibiting her from pulling away, and she cried out numerous times, though it
came out muffled and inaudible. After a few seconds, Kevin withdrew and Jackie
looked away from him. He stroked her neck, then ran his palms down her
shoulders, to either side of her tummy. Very lightly, he wiggled his fingers
against the tender flesh, causing Jackie to release a string of harmonious
giggles. "No... please, don't." However, her pleas fell on deaf ears. He wiggled
his fingers against her again, harder and longer this time. Jackie began to
squirm and writhe, though her attempts to escape the relentless tribulation were
in vain. It wasn't too long before she began bucking wildly, but Kevin's weight
was still atop her. Jackie could only flutter her feet back and forth, and
spread and wiggle her toes around. The sensation was torturous-her bare torso
being tickled relentlessly, but due to her wrists bound behind her back and
Kevin's weight atop her, she was unable to do anything but lie there.

	Kevin, upon reaching temporary satisfaction, rolled off her and stood
beside the table as she caught her breath. She looked up at him with those
innocent eyes, but he ignored them. "Why are you doing this?"

	Kevin was still silent as he rested his palm on her sensitive tummy. He
rubbed the smooth skin in broad circles, absorbing the light heat it radiated.
"I'm really scared. Please...just lemme go...please..." Jackie was crying softly
now, but she was still ignored. He reached beneath her body, searching for the
thin strap of the bra. Her breasts, still strained upward due to her position,
became fully exposed as he unfastened the strap and the bra slid off. Jackie
shut her eyes as tightly as she could and moaned in dismay, and then whimpered
softly as he gazed upon her cleavage with carnality. They were smooth and milky
white, with two thick pink bumps on each that began erecting in the cool air
they were suddenly exposed to. He cupped his hands over her heaving tits, gently
caressing and rubbing the large breasts, and then tugged lightly on her right
nipple, then her left. She moaned softly at the sensation, the placid massaging
of the small, vulnerable lump. He suddenly took each nipple between his thumb
and forefinger and pinched them painfully, causing Jackie to yelp in agony. She
sobbed a couple times, and after a couple seconds, he twisted each one
maliciously, causing her to cry harder. Kevin's curiosity overcame him, cupped
his hands over each breast and squeezed tightly, the feel of her firm titties
reinforcing his feeling of control. After relaxing his relentless grip a small
amount, he put one hand on each breast and squeezed a bit harder, this time
twisting and rolling the malleable and exposed tits around her chest. Jackie
once again wailed in humiliation.

	Her tender, sore, bullied breasts felt as though they'd been torn apart.
Jackie, so lost in thought about the savage abuse of her soft tits, barely took
notice of Kevin gently rolling her onto her stomach. He balanced himself with
one knee on the side of the bed as he slithered his fingers under the tight band
of her underwear. Jackie pressed her cheeks together as he wormed his finger
around the deep cleft of her anus, denying him access. Kevin withdrew his hand
and slowly began ripping the soft material protecting her ass. She pressed her
head into the pillow and squealed in protest as he yanked upward and removed the
undergarment altogether, wishing she could be anywhere else but here.

	Kevin rested the palms of both hands on the back of her tense shoulders
and gently kneaded them for a couple minutes, feeling her muscles relax at the
benevolent massaging.

	Her bare legs and smooth, rounded ass were now denounced to his sadistic
pleasures. He then proceeded to run his hand down her newly bared spine again,
lightly grazing the skin, stopping to plant both hands on her ass, luxuriating
in the feel of her smooth, pale globes. He loved the sight of her cheeks
outlined by her nicely tanned thighs. He climbed up on the bed and sat down on
the backs of her knees, facing the newly bared buttocks, and admired the sight
before him. Jackie tried to press her cheeks together as he began once again
running his finger up and down the tight valley, but now he simply pulled them
apart effortlessly with the other hand and continued. The gentle stroking with
his middle finger eventually turned to sadistic scraping with all his fingers on
each of the tender orbs. Her ass muscles tightened at the teasing stimulation
against her skin. Jackie began to bend and twist her torso as his fingers
wiggled faster and faster, soon scribbling furiously and uncompromisingly
against the ticklish flesh. She kicked her feet against the bed and bucked,
Kevin's weight on her knees enough to keep her from moving too far away.

	Several minutes later, while Jackie once again caught her breath, Kevin
slapped each cheek reasonably forcefully a few times, all of which resulted in a
sharp crack, turning the milky flesh a light pink color. He leaned down and
kissed each of the baby-soft cheeks, then squeezed each of them with his
relentless claw-like hands and began squeezing and mauling the delicate spheres.
Jackie moaned in alarm a few times, but was usually silent. When he left her ass
and began to slither his fingers down her legs, her butt was a rosy color. 

	Upon arriving at her feet, he repositioned himself so he was sitting on
her ankles and took a moment to treasure the sight. This was one of his favorite
things to see-her angelic feet pressed against the bed, the exquisite soles
facing up and gorgeously wrinkled. He couldn't help but spider his fingers
across each of her sensitive arches, fluttering his fingers across the creases
of her soft soles in a manner that caused her toes to spread and wiggle, then
turned his body around so he was facing the rest of her. She was still
motionless and silent as he leaned forward and stroked the tender flesh of the
backs of her knees. However, she was quite a bit more active as the stroking
turned to tickling. Jackie began to buck, trying to pull her legs out from under
him, but his weight was too much. Kevin wiggled his merciless fingers against
her helpless knees even harder, feasting on her harmonious laughs and giggles.

	He withdrew a few minutes later, letting Jackie catch her breath while
he climbed off her tormented legs and moved to the head of the bed. Kevin had
previously tied a rope to each leg of the bed, each with an adjustable loop on
the end. He kneeled down, grabbed the loop of the rope, placed it on the bed,
and then repeated with the other one.

	Jackie watched quietly and nervously as he fished a knife from a small
drawer by the bed. Nervousness soon turned to mortification as she pieced
together his plans, though she was helpless to do anything about it. After
kneeling on the bed with her body between his knees, he sliced the duct tape
binding her hands together and quickly grabbed each wrist roughly. He flipped
her back onto her back, Jackie only offering minimal resistance. He was far too
strong for her, and held her down with ease. He pulled her slim wrist under his
knee, then fed her other wrist through the loop in the rope and tightened it.
The process was repeated with the other one. With her arms now pulled taut to
the two corners of the bed, Jackie attempted one final plea with her kidnapper.
"Please...just let me go...I don't know you, I won't tell anyone, I swear...!"

	She burst into tears as he stuffed a red ball-gag into her mouth and
lifted her head up by her hair while he secured it. She was terrified and
sweating profusely, certain that he was going to assault her before
not-too-long. Through tear-blurred eyes, she watched him move to her feet,
noticing that he wasn't gazing her soles, but her pussy. He revealed two more
ropes at the corners at the foot of the bed, each with loops at the ends.
However, as he peeled the last of the tape off her ankles, Jackie began
screaming and held her legs tightly together. Her shrieks turned to moans of
protest, muffled pleas that were bridled by the gag. She began kicking as Kevin
forced her legs apart, displaying the exquisite cleft of her smooth, elegant
vagina. After a bit of a struggle, he pushed her foot through the loop and slid
it around her ankle. Securing her other ankle was quite easier-he simply pulled
her leg into position, sat on her knee, and tightened the loop around her ankle.

	Kevin stepped back to take in the delectable image-Jackie's soft bare
feet tied individually at each corner of the bed; her long, slender legs
straight out from her body; the fresh, young, pussy exposed to his cruel
intentions; her supple tummy and petite belly button pulled tight by her
position; her plump tits still pink from his earlier abuse and nipples crinkled
with fear and arousal from the abuse. Jackie's pretty face was stained with
tears, her mouth held open by the rubber red gag he'd stuffed in. She pulled
from side to side, yanking against her ropes in hopes of escaping, but to no
avail. His lust was at its peak now and he decided to release his stiff cock
from its confinement, though he maintained his professional disposition, slowly
discarding each item of clothing, ending with his boxers.

	Kevin chose to taunt the suffering girl a bit before jumping in on her.
With his middle and pointed finger, he slid his finger down from her belly
button, worming it through her short pubic hair, and gently stroked the soft
crease between her legs. Jackie moaned in dismay at the unwelcome touch against
her sensitive flesh, though was helpless to do anything. He examined her fresh
young pussy, spreading it wide to explore with his dry, unwelcome fingers. He
ran his middle finger up and down the lovely crease of her elegant young vagina,
feeling it slowly become saturated as he gently caressed her delicate, moist
lips. He occasionally entered her, indulging in the sound of her objections,
which came out in muffled, inaudible moans.

	He climbed on top of her, with her stomach between his legs, and gazed
at her tits again, this time with a bit more lust. After handling her now
somewhat tender breasts to his content, he pulled each one apart and placed his
rock-solid cock between them. Much to Jackie's dismay, he began rolling the
thick cleavage around his dripping shaft, while moaning softly. It didn't take
long before he began really abusing her delicate breasts-the closer he came to
climax; the harder he twisted her hapless tits around his dick. The only bright
side was that he didn't masturbate between them for too long, and released them
before reaching climax.

	He coaxed the pre-cum out of his cock and let it dribble down the now
bright red cleavage, and Jackie could only watch the unwelcome male fluid
trickle down her ravished breasts.

	Though the savage mistreatment of Jackie's tits only served to ignite
Kevin's lust. He crawled between her legs, positioned himself, and slid his dick
into the narrow slit. Jackie moaned in misery and shame as he thrust in and out
of her virgin vagina. He stopped for a moment to lower his body fully upon her,
placing his head on her breasts and wrapping his hands around her body, planting
them on her ass. He continued pounding into her cunt while at the same time
squeezing and crushing her ass and gently biting and licking her nipples. Jackie
still struggled, hoping to somehow save herself from this degradation. As she
struggled, Kevin held her body even more tightly to his, her writhing furthering
his arousement and bettering the forced sex.

	It was only a few seconds before he squeezed her buttocks as hard as he
could, then pressed her waist into his and began to spasm. Jackie cried out as
he pushed his cock as hard and far as he could into her and pumped thick jets of
semen into her, draining himself into her abused body. He let his body relax all
at once-his chest fell upon hers, he lay his head on her soft neck, and his cock
softened and was slowly withdrawn from her. She was sobbing softly as he sat up
a moment later and let his hands roam freely across her body.



He wasn't finished with Jackie yet.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





