BDSM Library - The Student Becomes the Teacher




The Student Becomes the Teacher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teacher who has been forcing his female students to have sex with him in order to avoid Summer School learns what it is like to have the situation reversed.
The Student Becomes the Teacher
By Tweak

"Well, we have finally come to the end of another school 
year. I, for my part, cannot wait to begin my summer 
vacation. I plan on having a very relaxing summer slowly 
traveling across the United States. I realize that for many 
of you your vacation will be quite a bit shortened thanks 
to Summer School. I did all I could to help you pass, but 
you know there is only so much a teacher can do," I said to 
the class.

"Like hell he tried to help us," I heard Stacey whisper to 
Michelle.

"He's a bastard all right. I have to go to Summer School 
before I can get my diploma," Michelle whispered back.

"I wish there..." Stacey began to reply before I chimed in.

"May I help you two girls? Is there something you would 
like to share with the whole class?"

"No," Stacey sheepishly replied.

"Excuse me Ms. Sharp," I said. "You haven't graduated yet. 
Have you forgotten how to properly address your teachers?"

"No Sir." Stacey immediately replied.

"That's better, young lady. And by the way do not forget 
that you have an appointment with me after class." I said.

With that the bell rang and the students filed out slowly 
giving me a dirty look as they passed, but I knew they 
dared not voice their true feelings for I still had the 
power of their grade in my hands. As Stacey walked past my 
desk I stopped her.

"Remember to keep your appointment this evening. You still 
remember the time and place, don't you?" I asked

"Yes Sir." was all Stacey replied before her and Michelle 
walked out past me.

Later that evening while at home I received a phone call 30 
minutes before Stacey should have arrived.

"Mr. Parker this is Stacey. I was wondering if it would be 
okay if Michelle came along as well this evening?"

"Did you explain to her what would be expected?" I said.

"I did Sir. And she said that she would do anything to stay 
our of Summer School."

"Very well, bring her along. And don't be late."

Thirty minutes later, exactly at 8:00 p.m. Stacey and 
Michelle arrived at my door. I opened the door and they 
came inside and immediately went into the living room where 
they stood there waiting for my instructions.

"Good evening, Ladies. How nice it is to have two lovely 
young ladies grace my presence. Am I to understand Ms. 
Peters that Ms. Sharp has explained to you what is required 
this evening?" I asked Michelle.

"She has Sir." Michelle replied.

"You two girls are the lucky ones. While the rest of your 
failing classmates sit in Summer School you will be free to 
enjoy your summer vacation uninterrupted. And remember that 
if you do not follow my instructions to the letter you will 
be joining them. And don't for a moment think about turning 
me in. I have been a respected teacher for 15 years with a 
spotless record, or so the administration thinks, and both 
of you are nothing more than poor trailer trash. If push 
came to shove I am sure that I would be believed and you 
would probably never get your diplomas. Am I understood?"

"Yes Mr. Parker." both girls said in unison.

"The first thing I want you to do is remove your coats." I 
said.

When they removed their coats I see that they had both done 
as instructed. They were both dressed like little school 
girls with the plaid skirts, white knee-high stockings, 
black paten shoes and white blouses tied around their 
waists. They looked like Britney in her video. 

"The first thing I would like you young ladies to do is 
dance for me in a most seductive way," I said.

Both girls began, slowly at first, to move their legs and 
sway their hips, but as time went on they both really got 
into it.

"Now I would like you to fondle each other in a very erotic 
way."

Stacey immediately moved over to Michelle and began running 
her hands up and down her slender body stopping long enough 
to cup her breasts into her hands. 

"Now go down on her Ms. Sharp," I said.

Stacey began to squat down and lifted Michelle's skirt 
revealing matching plaid panties but as she did so Michelle 
inched away.

"Is there a problem Ms. Sharp? I thought you told me that 
Ms. Peters was willing to cooperate. Were you lying to me? 
That wouldn't be good?" I said in an arrogant voice.

"No Sir, there is no problem," Stacey replied.

"Come on, Michelle, you can do this. Just stay calm and 
think of something else if you have to," I heard Stacey say 
to Michelle.

"Why does he make us do this?" Michelle replied.

"I will answer that for you Ms. Peters," I quickly 
interjected. "I make you do nothing. You are free to stop 
right now and go home if you like. You are 18 years old and 
are considered an adult. You, as I understand it, freely 
chose to come here with Ms. Sharp in exchange for a passing 
grade. I am here to accommodate you if you accommodate me. 
They call that 'quid pro quo' but I wouldn't expect you to 
understand such things. Translated into English it means 
'this for that'. I'd you do 'this' for me then I will do 
'that' for you. Practically speaking, in this case, it 
means if you do as I say the rest of this evening then I 
will give you a passing grade. Is that understood Ms. 
Peters?"

"Yes Sir," Michelle answered with a quiver in her voice.

"Now where were we? I do believe I asked Ms. Sharp to go 
down on Ms. Peters. Then let's take it from there. You may 
begin again Ms. Sharp," I said.

As Stacey went down on Michelle I could tell that Michelle 
was very uncomfortable with what was happening but that 
only added to my pleasure. As Stacey lifted her short skirt 
and pulled her plaid panties down I could see Michelle 
fighting the urge to run. I instructed Michelle to lay on 
the floor so that Stacey could better eat her pussy. Stacey 
completed removed Michelle's panties and buried her face 
deep within Michelle's mound.

"Ladies, ladies let's act like you are enjoying this. Let 
me hear some noise if you don't mind."

A few minutes later Michelle began to moan as Stacey ate 
her pussy and rubbed her clit. Fifteen minutes later 
Michelle exploded, or at least put on a pretty good show.

"It's time to switch ladies. I now want you Ms. Peters to 
do the same to Ms. Sharp. But before you begin I would like 
each of you to remove your blouses and bras. The only 
things I want you wearing are your high heels and 
stockings. Now let's begin."

I could tell that Michelle was very uncomfortable with 
going down on Stacey. She was very tentative as she licked 
Stacey's pussy, but with encouraging words from Stacey she 
soon began with greater earnest. Fifteen minutes later, 
Stacey, too, exploded in a violent orgasm.

"Good job ladies. The pre-show is now complete. Now that 
you are both warmed up let's get to the main event. 
Michelle I would like you to come over and unzip my pants 
and pull out my cock and start sucking on it. Begin nice 
and slow. You two girls already got me pretty hot and I 
don't want to cum too soon. You may begin," I said as I 
motioned to Michelle to come over.

She slowly moved toward me and fell to her knees and slowly 
began to unzip my pants and as she reached for my throbbing 
cock I could feel her hands shaking.

"That's okay Ms. Peters you aren't the first young lady to 
tremble in anticipation of sucking my cock," I mockingly 
said.

"I can't do this," I heard Michelle whisper.

"Have I taught you nothing Ms. Peters? You 'can't' do it or 
you 'won't' do it? Our language is very precise Ms. Peters 
and I will not tolerate people using it improperly. The 
reason you are in the position you are is because you 
failed to properly understand these distinctions. I believe 
you 'can' do what I have asked you to do, but if you 'will' 
do it or not is entirely up to you. What will it be Ms. 
Peters my cock or summer school?"

With that said Michelle removed my cock from my pants and 
slowly started to lick up and down my shaft. She played 
with my cock for a few minutes before I gave the ladies 
their next instructions.

"Ms. Sharp I would now like you to come over here and join 
Ms. Peters. And as you both suck my cock I want to hear you 
tell me how wonderful it is. You know that it is not always 
good to keep your feelings inside. Don't worry ladies, I am 
quite modest. I assure you that you will not be the firsts 
to compliment my cock. So let's begin."

Stacey came over and knelt next to Michelle and they 
simultaneously stroked and licked my cock.

"Mr. Parker, your cock is so huge!" Stacey said

"This is what a man's cock should be like," Michelle said.

"I have never seen a cock as beautiful as yours, Mr. 
Parker," Stacey acknowledged.

Stacey and Michelle continued to stroke both my ego and my 
cock for some time until I felt myself getting close to 
exploding myself. I then ordered Stacey to lie on the couch 
while I stood up and removed my pants. I then lay on top of 
Stacey and fucked her furiously until I came a few moments 
later. I then sat up on the couch and instructed Stacey to 
walk across the room and sit in my overstuffed chair with 
her legs straddling each arm of the chair.

"Ms. Peters I would now like you to crawl over and lick Ms. 
Sharp's pussy clean. I would not want my living room being 
stained, would I," I said in a mocking tone.

I could see the hesitation on Michelle's face and the anger 
in Stacey's.

"What are we waiting for Ms. Peters? I don't know how long 
your friend Ms. Sharp will be able to keep all my cum 
inside her. It was a substantial amount to be sure. If you 
don't do as I say then all this will have been for naught. 
I will give you ten seconds to decide. If you do as I say 
then you are finished for the evening and you and Ms. Sharp 
can enjoy the rest of your summer, if not then you each can 
enjoy six weeks of Summer school. What will it be?"

Michelle slowly started to crawl toward Stacey and I could 
tell that Stacey was fighting hard to hold my load inside 
her. Michelle slowly approached Stacey's open pussy and put 
her lips on Stacey's pussy lips.

"Ms. Peters I believe that some sucking action will be 
required," I said.

Michelle slowly and gently began to suck on Stacey's pussy 
and I could tell by the contractions of her body and the 
contortions on her face that she had finally began to taste 
my cum mixed with Stacey's juices.

"Can she please stop Mr. Parker," Stacey begged me.

"Of course she can." I immediately replied.

"Thank you, thank you," Stacey said as Michelle lifted her 
head away from Stacey's pussy.

"But if she does you are both going to Summer School," I 
replied.

"But you said she could stop," Stacey said puzzled.

"Ms. Sharp you are suffering from the same deficiency in 
the English language as your friend Ms. Peters," I said. 
"You asked me if she 'could' please stop and I said she 
could. The proper question should have been, 'May she 
please stop?' That would be asking for my permission to 
stop."

"May she please stop, Mr. Parker?" Stacey pleaded.

"Only when she is finished with her task at hand Ms. Sharp. 
You both need to learn the value of seeing a task though to 
completion. Now please resume your task Ms. Peters."

Michelle reluctantly began sucking Stacey's pussy again. It 
took her another 3 minutes before I was satisfied that she 
had consumed all of my cum from her pussy.

"Ms. Peters and Ms. Sharp you have both officially passed 
my class with 'D's'. I hope that in the future you will 
remember the lessons I have taught you during the year and 
especially this evening. Goodnight ladies."

Michelle and Stacey quickly gathered their clothing and 
left my house as hastily as they could. As I saw them run 
out of my house still half-naked I could only smile at the 
control I had over my students.

The rest of the week I enjoyed the free time I had and was 
happy to be away from the daily grind of school. School did 
have its advantages though, as was demonstrated in Stacey 
and Michelle. The following Monday I purposely went by 
school early in the morning to see the students who had to 
go to Summer School arrive for their first day of classes. 
I wanted to see their faces as they began their 6 weeks of 
hell.

Later that afternoon I decided to take a detour to a place 
that I had always dreamt about visiting. I love being the 
one in control, but just once I wanted to know what it felt 
like to be the one controlled. I was curious to visit the 
other side of the coin. I drove past, several times, a 
local establishment that catered to such needs. I debated 
in my head over and over if I really wanted to do this, but 
I knew that I had little choice if I did not want my own 
curiosity to drive me crazy. I finally parked my car in 
back and went in the side door. There a formidable lady 
dressed in black greeted me.

"May I help you," she inquired

"Yes," I said nervously. " I would like to... I was 
wondering if... Is this the place..."

"Is this your first time to a place like this?" She asked.

"It is," I replied.

"What brought you here?" She asked

"I would like to be controlled," I blurted out.

"So you would like to be dominated by a woman?" She slowly 
and deliberately said.

"Yes, I would. I would like to experience what it's like to 
not be in control. I am usually the one who controls and I 
would like to experience the other side." I said in reply.

"So you have been the dominating one in previous 
relationships?" She asked

"Not in the sense of S&M, but, yes, I have been the 
controlling party in all of my relationships."

"We will be more that happy to accommodate your wish if you 
so desire. An hour with a Mistress will cost you $200, two 
hours will cost $350 and an entire afternoon/evening will 
be $600. Do you know which you would prefer?"

"Let's begin with two hours. I want to take this slowly."

"Of course." she said. "When would you like to begin?"

"Now if I may," I said.

"You may. There are a few papers you need to sign first." 
She said.

The first paper I signed was merely me agreeing to pay them 
$350 and that I wouldn't hold them responsible for any 
physical harm I may experience due to a medical condition 
such as a weak heart or other chronic condition.

The second paper was more ominous and it read: 

	I, John Parker, hereby, freely, of my own accord,
	and without reservation give permission for a
	Mistress to dominate and control me	in any manner
	she sees fit. While under her control she can use
	whatever means necessary to make me comply with her
	demands.

	If, for whatever reason, I should decide to end the
	session I must speak my 'safeword' at which time
	She will set me free and the session will be over
	with no refund given for the time remaining.

I contemplated if I should sign this second paper, but I 
finally decided that the worst that could happen is that I 
am out $350. So I signed each paper and handed them back to 
the lady at the desk.

"You will now address me as 'Madam' and you will be 
addressed as 'slave' is that understood?" She said with a 
command in her voice.

"Yes, Madam." I quickly replied.

She led me through a large wood door and down a flight of 
stairs and through several corridors until she motioned me 
into a small room. She ordered me to remove all of my 
clothes and to put on what had been laid out. She then 
abruptly left and slammed the door behind her. As I perused 
the room it was very stark except for a wooden table and 
various restraining devices upon the wall. I slowly took 
off my clothes and put on the clothes that had been left 
for me. These only consisted of a black thong that looked 
like a jock strap, but there was no pouch in front to hold 
my cock, so my balls and dick just hung out; and a collar, 
which said 'slave' across it. I then rested against the 
table waiting for someone to return.

A few moments later the door swung open and a short lady 
with brunette hair strolled in. She was about 5'1" and 
probably weighed only 100 pounds. She was dressed in a 
leather contraption that wrapped around her body like a 
harness of some sort. There was a thin leather strap 
covering her pussy and her ample breasts were protruding 
from the top part of the harness. She also had a riding 
crop in her hand and she came in flailing it.

"On your knees worm," She said as she struck me with the 
riding crop. "Who gave you permission to lean against the 
table or to even stand in the presence of your Mistress? I 
am Mistress Kara and you will behave like a proper slave in 
my presence, is that clear?"

I quickly dropped to my knees and replied, "Yes Mistress 
Kara." 

The sting from the riding crop was real and it smarted but 
it was way too early to back out now. I was determined to 
get my $350 worth.

"I will be your goddess for the next two hours you pathetic 
worm. If you cannot stand your pitiful position you safe 
word will be 'rumplestielskin'. If you invoke that word, 
however, our session will be over and you will be asked to 
leave immediately. Is that clear?"

"Yes Mistress Kara, I understand."

"Then turn around and face that wall and put your hands 
behind your back," she commanded.

I did as I was told and quickly felt a pair of handcuffs 
attached to my wrists. A larger set of cuffs was attached 
to my ankles. Mistress Kara then told me to stand and turn 
around to face her. She quickly grabbed my balls and 
attached a leather slipknot over my balls and dick and then 
pulled tightly making me wince.

"This is your new leash and my assurance that you will keep 
up with me," She said as she exited the room with my leash 
in tow.

When the slack in my leash went taut I knew I had to 
quickly move to release the pressure from my balls. I soon 
discovered that walking quickly was difficult with my feet 
hobbled the way they were. As I struggled to keep pace I 
could hear Mistress Kara laughing to herself. We walked 
down several corridors before entering a large room that 
appeared to be a large dungeon. As I looked around I saw 
numerous devices of torture such as a few wooden stocks, a 
rack, several different sized cages and numerous whipping 
posts. The dungeon seemed to be in use when we entered. 
There was one poor slob who was securely fastened to the 
stocks while his Mistress made him count the lashes he was 
receiving. When we passed him he was on number 42. Another 
man was confined in what looked like a large birdcage that 
was suspended a few feet off the floor. There was barely 
enough room for him to stand up straight and when he tried 
to move the cage swayed with him.

I was led over to the rack where Mistress quickly undid my 
wrist and ankle cuffs and ordered me to lie on the rack 
where she quickly attached my ankles and wrists to the 
leather straps. She then turned the wheels of the rack a 
couple of times pulling my body taut. I was then 
blindfolded.

"You are now mine, and there is no escape," she said. "You 
are now completely helpless and under my complete control. 
Is this what you wanted?"

I was still getting accustomed to all that was happening 
when I felt a very sharp sting against my inner thigh. I 
screamed in pain.

"I asked you a question, you pathetic worm, and I expect an 
answer. Is this what you wanted?" She said as she sliced at 
my other thigh.

Although I wasn't as sure as I had been 30 minutes ago I 
responded, "Yes Mistress Kara." 

"Then beg your Mistress to control and dominate you."

"Will you please dominate me Mistress Kara?" I hesitantly 
said.

With that said I felt my left nipple explode with a searing 
pain. 

"Do you like the nipple clamps?" She inquired.

"No." I honestly said.

"I admire your honesty," She said "but that is of little 
concern to me. Now beg me for the other one."

"Please Mistress Kara may I have the other one." And no 
sooner had I finished was my right nipple on fire.

As I laid there in complete helplessness I was amazed that 
a woman who was a foot shorter and a 100 pounds lighter 
than me could have me so much at her mercy. The only thing 
that prevented her from controlling me completely was the 
safeword that I could always fall back upon. 

I also began to have a growing feeling that maybe I had 
made a mistake. I was intellectually curious about what it 
felt like to be controlled, but deep in my heart I knew 
that I was a controller and not meant to be the controllee. 
But at least this experience, although not monetarily or 
physically without cost, could help me better understand 
how to control and what the person/student I control must 
feel. I had never had my students endure bondage before but 
there was no reason why I shouldn't expand my interests. So 
I decided to endure the next 90 minutes the best I could.

After enduring another 30 minutes on the rack I was moved 
to the stocks where my head and arms were quickly and 
effectively immobilized. Mistress Kara also attached 
leather cuffs to each of my ankles and secured each ankle 
to a bolt on the floor forcing me to spread my feet about 3 
feet apart. In this position I felt extremely vulnerable. 
My genitals, with the leash still attached, hung helplessly 
and fully exposed. Mistress Kara then put plugs into each 
of my ears. I could still hear her and others around me but 
now everything was muffled and voices were distorted.

"Slave I am now going to administer your first whipping. 
After each hit I want you to count and thank me. Is that 
understood?"

Although her voice now seemed distant and different I 
quickly replied, "Yes Mistress Kara." 

*Whack*

The whip hit my fully exposed ass with such a force that it 
took my breath away.

*Whack*

The whip hit again with greater force. "Slave, you are 
supposed to be counting."

*Whack*

"One. Thank you Mistress Kara."

*Whack*

"Two. Thank you Mistress Kara."

This went on until we reached 20 and Mistress took a break. 
I do not know if she stopped for her sake or mine, 
regardless I was enjoying the temporary reprieve. A moment 
later I thought I heard Mistress Kara talking in the 
distance to another woman who apparently was also a 
Dominatrix. It was hard to completely make out what they 
were saying.

"Who is you new slave, Kara." I heard a woman softly say.

"Hell, I don't know. I think Kathy told me his name was 
John something. As far as I am concerned he's just another 
miserable little slave," Mistress Kara replied.

"How long is he here for?" The mysterious woman asked.

"I think he signed up for two hours. He has about an hour 
left. The first hour was his warm-up, but now we are 
getting serious," Mistress Kara said.

As I heard her say that I seriously considered cutting my 
losses and invoking my safeword. 

"What was his reason for coming in?" The other lady asked.

"Why all the concern about an insignificant worm?" Mistress 
Kara asked.

"Just humor me, will you Kara? What did he tell Kathy were 
his reasons for being here?"

"She said he mentioned something about always being the one 
who has controlled people in the past and he wanted to 
experience what life on the other side was like. She said 
he was somewhat reluctant and hesitant about signing the 
forms but he finally did. I have worked with lots of little 
worms in my life and I can tell you that this guy won't be 
back. I think he is quickly realizing that this isn't his 
cup of tea. I am somewhat surprised he hasn't used his 
safeword yet. He's either too cheap and doesn't want to 
waste money or he's too macho. I couldn't care less. I 
expect after our next whipping session he'll be saying 
'rumpelstielskin' in no time at all." Mistress Kara said 
with complete confidence.

I was surprised that she seemed able to read my mind so 
easily. I was more and more certain that she was right. 
This would be last trip to this dungeon. The next dungeon I 
entered would be as the Master and not the slave.

"Kara, could you do me a big favor? Could I have your slave 
for the next hour? You can keep all the money," The strange 
lady asked.

"That's fine with me. He was beginning to bore me anyhow. 
Knock yourself dead honey. He has one hour left." Mistress 
Kara said with her voice trailing off as she obviously left 
the room.

"Hello slave. I am your new Mistress," The woman who had 
been talking to Mistress Kara said as she whispered in my 
ear. "So you are used to controlling others and you want to 
experience what it is like to be controlled? I will teach 
you just that. And I assure you that I am a very thorough 
teacher."

It was hard to tell from the muffled voice what this new 
Mistress was like. I thought that she was probably younger 
that Mistress Kara but with the blindfold and earplugs it 
was hard to tell.

*Whack*

The sting on my ass was much worse than before. I screamed 
in agony.

*Whack*

"Why aren't you counting little man?" My new Mistress asked 
above my cries of pain.

"One, thank you Mistress," was all I could rationally think 
to say.

"I am sure you have noticed that I have notched things up a 
step. I am using a riding crop instead of the whip. Do you 
like it slave?"

"No" was all I could manage before I heard and felt 
simultaneously.

*Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, 
Whack, Whack*

"Owwwwww. Owwwwww. Ahhhhhhhh. Pleeeease stop. AHHHHHHHH!"

I was beside myself in pain. I had lost count of how many 
blows I had received. The machine gun pace was more than I 
could endure. I was crying out in pain. In my agony I was 
scrambling through my mind searching for a way to make this 
stop. I tested the strength of the stocks with all my might 
but it was too solid and didn't budge an inch. I then 
vaguely recalled the safeword and was ready to shout it in 
the midst of all my screams of agony but before I could I 
felt something being shoved deep within my mouth. My 
screams were muffled to the outside world although they 
still resounded loudly within my own head. 

"MMMPPHHH, MMMPPHHH," I tried to say "rumplestielskin" but 
all that came out were muffled, unintelligible sounds. 

"What's wrong slave, does the cat have your tongue?" I 
heard my new Mistress say over my own muffled cries of 
pain.

"MMMPPHHH, MMMPPHHH," was all that came out no matter how 
hard I tried.

*Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, 
Whack, Whack*

It all began again and I was powerless to stop it. I 
writhed the best I could to avoid the punishing crop but I 
was too well secured. I tried screaming the safeword over 
and over but nothing came out.

"Slave when I ask you a question I expect an answer. Didn't 
Mistress Kara teach you that lesson? Let's try again. 
What's wrong slave, does the cat have your tongue?"

How could I do the impossible? I tried to answer but 
nothing came out besides muffled cries for mercy.

*Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, 
Whack, Whack*

"Slave are you refusing to answer my question? Need I 
remind you of the contract you signed? It clearly states, 
'While under her control she can use whatever means 
necessary to make me comply with her demands.' Are you 
refusing to answer my question?"

*Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, 
Whack, Whack*

The blows kept coming and now I was crying and sobbing into 
my gag uncontrollably. I was trying with all my might to 
say 'no' and I was able to say through the side of my gag 
what she must have perceived as the word "no".

"That's better slave. All I wanted was a simple 'yes' or 
'no'. Now that I have your undivided attention, I do have 
it do I not?"

"Yuuss." was all I could manage through my gag.

"I'll take that as a 'yes' although we are going to have to 
work on your diction. You appear to be in a fair amount of 
pain, but not nearly as much as you will be in, in a few 
moments if you do not stop this. Quoting the contract you 
signed it says, 'If, for whatever reason, I should decide 
to end the session I must speak my 'safeword' at which time 
She will set me free and the session will be over with no 
refund given for the time remaining.' If you wish to invoke 
this clause of the contract do so now. Otherwise I will 
continue your training. According to my watch we still have 
50 minutes left. Do you wish to use your safeword?"

"Yuss" I mumbled.

"I am waiting slave. This is your last chance. Either use 
it or don't, what will it be?"

"Ummmmmmbbblsssssskkkinnn" I said with drool rushing down 
the corners of my mouth.

"I am glad that you decided not to use your safeword. So 
let us continue," She said with a smirk in her voice.

*Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, 
Crack, Crack*

I was delirious with pain. The last blows compared to these 
were love taps.

"AHHHHHHHHHH, OWWWWWWWWWWWW!!" was all I could manage 
through the gag. But even if I could have uttered 
intelligible words how do you put into words the 
indescribable. The pain I was feeling was beyond 
descriptive speech.

"I see slave that you do not particularly enjoy the cane. 
Don't worry you'll have lots of time to get used to it. We 
still have 49 minutes left."

How was it possible that only 1 minute had passed when to 
me it seemed like an eternity?

*Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, 
Crack, Crack*

"AHHHHHHHHHH, AHHHHHHH, OWWWWWWWWWWW!!" The pain was more 
than I could endure. I was praying that I would at least 
pass out but no such reprieve was granted me.

During my screaming I felt the Mistress remove my earplugs 
and now I could hear with much better clarity.

"I will remove your blindfold slave so that you may see the 
face of your new Goddess and Tormentor." As she spoke these 
I couldn't quite place the voice.

"Behold, your new Teacher." she said as she removed my 
blindfold.

I couldn't believe my eyes. Standing before me was Stacey, 
Ms. Sharp. She, too, was dressed in the same leather outfit 
that Mistress Kara had worn.

"Hello. Mr. Parker. Or can I call you John? You don't mind 
do you? I asked you a question John, and if I were you I 
would answer your new Teacher or else." Stacey said with an 
heir of complete assurance.

"Naaaawwww" was all I could say as I continued to drool 
into the gag.

"Thanks, John I didn't think you would care. I was 
surprised to see you here. I about fell over when I walked 
through the dungeon before and out of the corner of my eye 
I saw Mistress Kara working on someone who reminded me of 
you. When I came closer and found out it was really you I 
considered it fate and just had to ask Mistress Kara if I 
could take over your training. After our last encounter I 
was hoping that I would never see you again, but you know 
what I was wrong. I am very, very glad that our paths have 
crossed again. Who would have ever thought that at our next 
encounter our roles would change? Isn't it somewhat ironic 
that I am the Teacher and you are the student? I bet you 
are surprised that I even know what the word 'ironic' 
means. You may be surprised at just how good of a teacher I 
can be. John we only have 40 minutes left, but I am not 
sure that will be enough time for me to teach you 
everything I know and everything you need to learn. I would 
like you to re-enlist so to speak and extend your stay with 
us."

"MMMPPHHHH, MMMPPHHHH," I tried in vain to shout that's not 
fair but nothing came out.

"John, Mistress Kathy, the lady you met at the front desk 
and who owns this place, is a real stickler on following 
contracts and rules. She would never allow me to keep you 
under my control unless you freely chose to extend your 
visit. I spoke with her once I realized it was really you 
and told her about our past history and the way you have 
treated past students, and she wrote up a new contract for 
you to sign if you wish. She wanted me to stress to you 
that you do not have to sign the contract if you do not 
want to. The contract reads as follows:

	I, John Parker, hereby, freely, of my own accord,
	and without reservation give myself to Mistress
	Stacey for as long as She desires. I realize that
	I will be under Her complete control and that She
	has permission to use whatever force is necessary
	for me to comply with Her every command and desire.

	I abrogate any individual rights I have and give
	Her sole control over my person and any property
	or possessions I own. I further relinquish the right
	to to invoke or use a safeword. I acknowledge and
	recognize that from this moment forward I will be
	the property of Mistress Stacey to do with as
	She sees fit.

	She is my Master, Goddess, and Teacher while I am
	Her student and slave.

John I hope this new contract is to your liking. I think it 
pretty much covers all the bases. To put it bluntly, when 
you sign this contract your ass belongs to me. 

I know what you are thinking. I know you are wondering that 
if Mistress Kathy is such a stickler for rules and 
contracts then why can't you invoke your safeword now. The 
contract you originally signed simply said that you must 
say the safeword in order to end the session. It didn't say 
we had to give you the opportunity to speak. And I know you 
are probably hung up on the word 'freely' in the new 
contract. Well it seems to me that you once told my friend 
Michelle that she had a choice. She could either choose to 
suck your cock or go to Summer School, but that she was 
free to choose. You have the same choice John. You can 
either sign this new contract or endure the cane for the 
next 35 minutes. You, too, have a choice. 

Listen very carefully to me John. Oh, how I so much prefer 
that to 'sir' or 'Mr. Parker'. I am going to hit you with 
the cane for two minutes at a time. At the end of two 
minutes I will hold the contract up to your right hand and 
give you a pen so you may sign it. If you sign it then the 
caning is over for today. If you do not I will cane you for 
another 2 minutes. Keep in mind even if you really want to 
sign after only 10 seconds that I won't stop until the full 
2 minutes is up. So I as you now do you wish to sign?"

"Naawww" I was able to mumble.

"I was hoping you would say that," Stacey said with a 
glimmer of joy on her face.

*Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack...*

"AHHHHHHH!! OWWWWWWWW!! OWWWWWWWWWW!! MMMMMPHHH"

The agony was beyond anything that I thought imaginable. 
Those two minutes were the longest of my life.

"I see you survived your first two minutes. Would you like 
to sign now? We still have time for at least another 10 
rounds," Stacey said with delight.

Through my tears and pain I saw Stacey standing before me 
with a pen and paper and before I could completely realize 
what was happening she was announcing the second set.

"John here comes round two," She announced.

"Yuuss, Yuuss." I quickly mumbled.

"John I am afraid you are a little late. Just hold onto 
that thought and I'll ask you again in two minutes - 
Crack!"

The blows came and came and in between my sobbing and cries 
of pain I whimpered over and over "Yuuss, Yuuss."

"John are you ready to sign the new contract?" I heard 
Stacey say.

"Yuuss, Yuuss, Yuuss." I repeated as quickly and with as 
much force as I could muster.

"What is that you are saying John? I can't quite make it 
out. If you mean 'yes' then wag your cock just like a dog 
would wag its tail."

I shook and gyrated my hips the best I could in my 
restraints. I frantically tried to get my cock to twitch 
back and forth.

"I don't know. That doesn't look too convincing to me. I 
think we should start round three." She picked up the cane 
and started to walk behind me.

"Yuuss, Yuuss, Yuuss," I mumbled as I shook my dick with 
all the might I had. I could feel and hear my dick slapping 
hard against my stomach.

"My, my John I think you had a change of heart. Are you 
ready to sign the new contract?"

"Yuuss, Yuuss." I said as I continued to swing my dick back 
and forth.

"Okay, big boy you can calm down. I get the point that you 
want to be my slave, pet, property and student. Now before 
you sign I want to make sure you understand what you are 
about to do. First, do you understand that you do not have 
to do this? Do you understand that you are free to hold out 
for another 25 minutes?"

"Yuuss, Yuuss." I just wanted the beating to end.

"Do you understand that you will be my personal property 
and that you have no rights whatsoever?"

"Yuuss, Yuuss."

"Do you realize that I will be able to do anything I want 
to you and that you will have no say in the matter?"

"Yuuss, Yuuss."

"Do you realize that this contract will be in force until I 
decide to release you from it?"

"Yuuss, Yuuss."

"John if you understand all these things and still want to 
sign the contract here is a pen," she said placing a pen in 
my right hand and holding the contract underneath it.

I quickly signed my name on the dotted line.

"Good boy, slave. Now just wait here while I give this to 
Mistress Kathy so she can put it in the safe. I am so glad 
that you now belong to me. We will have so much fun 
together. You were able to be my teacher and now I can 
return the favor."

With that Stacey left and didn't return for about 15 
minutes. I was grateful for the time she was away to 
recover. 

"I am now going to remove your gag, but before I do I want 
you to perfectly clear about something. To you I am no 
longer Stacey, I am now your Master and I expect to be 
treated like that. You will always address me as Mistress 
Stacey unless instructed to do otherwise. I will refer to 
you as Cindy. John no longer exists, only Cindy. You will 
only speak when spoken to. You will follow my every command 
without hesitation. Failure to follow any of these rules 
will result in severe punishment. When I remove your gag I 
am going to put my ass in your face and I want you to 
worship it. You will lick it, rim it and clean it with your 
tongue until I say stop. If you understand all this then 
nod your head in agreement."

I nodded my head in disbelief at what I was being made to 
do. I realized though that at this point resistance was 
futile.

Mistress Stacey removed the gag, undid the leather strap 
around her crotch and backed her ass up to my face 
spreading her cheeks apart with her hands. As I saw her 
puckered asshole near my mouth I almost gagged but fought 
back the urge. When her asshole touched my lips I did as 
instructed and began to kiss and caress her anus with my 
tongue. I rimmed the outside and darted my tongue in and 
out as far as I could. My mouth was already sore from the 
gag but I dared not stop before being told. I licked, 
rimmed and cleaned for what seemed like ages. Mistress 
Stacey finally took her hands away and pulled forward. 

"Well done, Cindy. You aren't bad for a beginner. But don't 
worry, I am going to be a very good teacher. I won't settle 
for 'not bad', I won't quit until you are 'excellent' at 
all the new skills I plan on teaching you. Now that my ass 
is sufficiently clean we need to work on your appearance. 
You definitely don't look like any Cindy I have ever seen. 
We have a wide assortment of clothes here at the dungeon 
but those are really meant to say here. I suppose I will 
have to go out and buy you some new outfits. I noticed you 
had $250 cash in your wallet when you came in, that will be 
a good start. I won't be able to cash a check from you 
until tomorrow so this money will have to do. While I am 
gone just stay here and rest and think about what your new 
life with me as your Master is going to be like." With that 
Mistress Stacey smacked my ass with her hand as she left.

As I stood there hunched over in the stocks with my feet 
still firmly secured to the sides I couldn't help but 
wonder why I came here in the first place. I should have 
uttered that damn safeword while I was still with Mistress 
Kara and then none of this would have happened. There were 
no clocks in the dungeon, at least none that I could see. I 
also noticed for the first time that the other men who were 
here when I first arrived were now gone. I appeared to be 
here all alone. Mistress Stacey returned what felt like an 
hour later.

"Cindy I am back with some new clothes for you. Aren't you 
curious to see what I got you?" Mistress Stacey said with a 
lilt in her voice.

*Crack, Crack, Crack*

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Pleeeeease Stop Mistress!!"

"Cindy you are a slow learner, but that's okay for we got 
all the time in the world. I asked you a question and you 
didn't answer and that is why you were hit 3 times. I will 
ask that once more and next time your punishment will 
double. Aren't you curious to see what I got you?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, I am." I said very quickly.

"I am glad you are interested. Cindy every girl should have 
a pair of black panties. Aren't these adorable?" She said 
as she held before my eyes the panties.

"Yes Mistress Stacey, they are."

"To go with those panties I got you a black garter belt and 
matching stockings." She held these before my eyes as well. 
"And of course I got you a lacy black bra so you would be 
coordinated. Aren't they beautiful?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, they are beautiful."

"Cindy I am now going to free your legs so I may put these 
on you. I realize that when I do so you will feel a 
momentary sense of freedom but realize that it is an 
illusion. You could, if you so desired, try to flail around 
and kick me, but let me assure you that that fleeting 
victory will come at a price that you cannot yet 
comprehend. Do I make myself perfectly clear young lady?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, I understand completely."

Mistress Stacey undid the hooks keeping my feet apart and 
removed the leather cuffs around my ankles. She then slid 
on my panties, secured the garter belt around my waist and 
meticulously put on my stockings securing them to the 
garter belt. After these were in place she reattached the 
leather ankle restraints and fastened my feet apart.

"Cindy, you are starting to look like the girl you are. 
There is nothing quite like a black garter belt, stockings 
and panties to bring out the best in a woman. I am now 
going to put on your bra. Again the same thing applies 
about you trying to be a tough guy. The stocks are built in 
such a way that I can release one hand at a time. I am 
going to put the bra first through your right arm and then 
the left. You may think that you can overpower me with one 
hand but you can't. And if you do push me away your feet, 
other hand and head will be trapped for a very, very long 
time. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, you are very clear."

I contemplated a possible escape but with my hands being 
able to be released independently I didn't stand a chance. 
Mistress Stacey did as she said and in no time at all I was 
sporting a black bra with gel inserts underneath giving me 
the appearance of having boobs. When my hands were once 
gain secured Mistress Stacey just stood back and admired 
her handiwork.

"Cindy, I know I used the word before but don't you think 
that it is just a little ironic that on the very day that 
all those students whom you flunked began Summer School 
that you too would be beginning your Summer School?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, it is very ironic," I said as we both 
agreed on something for the first time today."

"And I know Cindy that you had planned on traveling across 
the United States this summer alone, so I don't think 
anyone will miss you as you spend your time with me at your 
Summer School. I asked Mistress Kathy if you could stay 
here for the summer and she graciously agreed to let you 
rent a cage in one of our smaller dungeons off the main 
corridor. She said that rent will only be $100 a day and 
that that would include room and board. I think she is 
being quite generous, don't you think?"

"Why are you making me do this?" I blurted out.

"Why Cindy, I am not making you do anything. I recall that 
I gave you a choice. You did not have to sign the new 
contract. You were free not to. But you freely chose to. So 
you see Cindy, I did not do this to you; you did it to 
yourself. And for the beating you are about to get for 
speaking out of turn that also you brought upon yourself. I 
did not make you blurt out such a silly question. You 
freely, though stupidly, chose to do that on your own and 
now you must face the consequences. I believe that 5 swats 
on your balls should suffice." Cindy said with an heir of 
authority.

"Please have mercy Mistress Stacey, I am so sorry for 
speaking out of turn. Please don't hit my balls." I 
pleaded.

"You obviously aren't too sorry for you just did it again. 
I think I shall double your punishment and give you 10 
swats on your balls. I know that the teacher I had in high 
school would have never let me get away with such 
insubordination and if I want to be as good of a teacher as 
he was then I must keep the same high standards of 
discipline. Don't you agree, Cindy?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey," I was forced to say if I didn't want 
to feel 2o swats on my balls.

Mistress Stacey walked behind me and tugged on the leash 
that was still attached to my balls and passed it through 
an eye hook at the base of the stocks and pulled on the 
leash until I thought my balls were going to be ripped off. 
She then secured the leash leaving my balls helplessly 
dangling for the blows that were immanent. I tried to 
reposition to take the pressure off of my balls but I could 
move little more than an inch or so. 

"Cindy, as before I would like you to count these for me, 
and of course thank me for each one. This will be your 
first assignment at Summer School, and remember it will be 
graded. So let us begin."

*Smack*

As the sting of the whip hit my taut and fully exposed 
balls I tried to jump from the pain but that only made my 
balls ache more. I had never felt a sensation quite like 
this.

*Smack*

The second one found its mark and I immediately said, "Two. 
Thank you Mistress."

"Cindy, what are you saying? I thought you were more 
educated than that. When you count you don't begin with 
'two' but 'one'. I hope you didn't count that other one for 
I did not hear you count nor was there a proper thank you. 
Don't you think we should just start over?"

Yes Mistress Stacey," I was forced to say.

She was true to her word and smacked my balls 10 times. 
When she finished the last one she announced to me that I 
had received an "F" and that she expects to see improvement 
in the near future.

"Cindy it is getting late and I think it is time that I put 
you to bed. The procedure will be quite simple. I am going 
to put a metal band around your waist and lock it into 
place. On the back of this band is an attached pair of 
handcuffs. Like before I am going to remove one hand at a 
time. I will begin with your right and secure it to the 
cuff on the band. Then I will remove the left and do the 
same. Your head will stay in the stocks until moth your 
hands are secured. I will also keep your feet and balls as 
they are. If you resist in any way I will keep you confined 
in the stocks. You may have one hand free, but that won't 
stop me from whipping you silly. Do you understand this?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey," I said and I realized that she was 
very good at what she did.

Mistress Stacey did exactly as she said and in no time at 
all I was being led down the corridors in the same manner 
Mistress Kara had led me before. I was hobbling to try to 
keep up with my former student who was now my teacher. We 
came to the end of the corridor upon which she opened a 
small wooden door that led into a room that was no bigger 
than 12' x 12'. In the corner of this sparse room was a 
well-constructed cage made out of a heavy gauged metal. It 
was about five feet long, four feet wide, and four feet 
tall. On top of the cage was a plaque that read "Cindy". 

"Crawl inside your new home for the summer," Mistress 
Stacey ordered.

I got down on my knees and awkwardly crawled past the open 
gate into the cage. Mistress Stacey quickly slammed the 
door shut behind me and I heard the click of the lock. She 
then ordered me to lie flat on my belly. She then reached 
in and undid the handcuffs allowing my hands freedom.

"I hope this teaches you Cindy that good behavior will be 
rewarded, and that bad behavior will be punished."

She then went over to a small table in the corner and 
brought over a plate that had food upon it along with a cup 
filled with water. 

"Cindy this is your dinner, enjoy. Next to the outside of 
your cage are a bucket and a small cup. When you need to 
pee do so in the small cup and then empty it into the 
bucket. If I were you I would try to keep your new home 
clean. As far as your clothes are concerned I brought 
another outfit for you to change into. Here is a pair of 
pink panties, pink bra and matching nightie. When you 
change into these make sure that you carefully remove the 
clothes you are now wearing. I expect you to finish your 
dinner and change into your new clothes in 30 minutes. At 
that time the lights will go out and you will be in the 
dark until I wake you in the morning. And I better not 
catch you playing with that clit of yours. You do not have 
permission to cum. Sleep tight, Cindy. You have a long day 
at school tomorrow." 

As Mistress Stacey left I could not believe the change of 
events that had occurred in my life. I quickly devoured my 
food, drank my water, pissed and changed into my sleeping 
attire not wishing to test my new teachers wrath. During 
the night I had to fumble for that little piss cup twice. 
She wasn't kidding about it being small. It only held a few 
ounces. Each time I had to piss I had to pee into the cup 
and feel with my hands when my urine near the edge and then 
I had to hold my pee until I emptied it into the bucket and 
brought it back for round two. It took 5 or 6 cups to empty 
my bladder each time. I did not sleep very much at all, but 
I must have at least dozed off for I was startled when the 
door flung open and I saw the silhouette of Mistress Stacey 
against the bright light that pierced my eyes. 

"Good morning Cindy, I hope you slept well. I had the best 
night's sleep I ever had knowing that you were down here 
awaiting my return. Cindy, I have always enjoyed my work 
here, but I must admit that when I came to work this 
morning I had an adrenaline rush like no other. I even came 
in an hour early just so I could spend more quality time 
with you. I think it is important for the teacher and 
student to bond if the learning process is going to work 
effectively. Don't you agree, Cindy?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey," I spoke without hesitation.

"Before I give you your breakfast I would like to begin a 
special little project Mistress Kathy has given me 
permission to do. We have never had a situation like yours 
before here. You are the first slave who has ever freely 
signed away all their rights and has literally become the 
property of a Mistress. So I am going to document your 
training and transformation into slut you will become. So 
when I set up this camera I am going to describe your 
situation and then I will instruct you what to do and say. 
And God help you if you make me look bad on this video. I 
will not have my student reflect badly upon her teacher. Is 
this clear?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey."

Mistress Stacey proceeded to turn on the overhead lights 
and brought a video camera connected to a tripod into the 
small room. She spent a fair amount of time making sure the 
lighting and positioning were to Her liking. She then 
turned the camera on and stood before it in front of my 
cage.

"I am Mistress Stacey. Here we have slut Cindy. Today is 
the first full day of her training. She is my property to 
do with as I please. Cindy use to be my high school teacher 
but that was in her past life. All that changed yesterday 
when she arrived at our dungeon. Cindy please tell us who 
you are, what you are wearing and describe why you are here 
and how you freely chose this new lowly state. Be sure to 
include what you did to me as a teacher. You may begin."

"My name is J... Cindy," I almost slipped and said John but 
thank God I caught myself. "I am wearing a pink bra and 
pink-laced panties under my pink nightie. I used to be 
Mistress Stacey's teacher, but now I am Her student. As her 
teacher I made Her perform sexual acts in order to pass my 
class. I also used Her friend Michelle in the same way. I 
freely signed a contract yesterday that relinquished all my 
rights as a person and gave Mistress Stacey complete and 
absolute control over me. She is now training me to be a 
little slut."

Mistress Stacey had walked behind the camera while I was 
talking and I saw her zoom in and out several times making 
sure no part of my outfit or humiliation was left out. She 
then turned off the camera.

"Good job, Cindy. I think you have just earned your 
breakfast." As before she brought over a plate of food and 
a glass of water. "You have 30 minutes to finish your 
breakfast, change back into the clothes you were wearing 
yesterday, and reapply the handcuffs behind your back. Your 
time starts now," She said as she handed me the food and 
the handcuffs.

I quickly devoured my food, removed my pink clothes and put 
on the outfit She had put on me yesterday. When that was 
finished I put my hands behind my back and locked the cuffs 
in place. Mistress Stacey returned moments later. She 
turned the camera back on and opened the door to my cage 
motioning for me to crawl forward. 

"Stand up Cindy and face the camera. I have another 
addition to your wardrobe. I have gotten you a pair of 
black 4" stiletto heels. If you are to become a proper slut 
then you must learn to walk the part."

Mistress Stacey ordered me to lift my left foot as she put 
that shoe and strapped it in place around my ankle. She 
then did the same with the right foot. She then asked 
another Mistress to please record us as we proceeded back 
to the main dungeon. Mistress Stacey then took my leash in 
her hands and began walking at her normal pace down the 
corridors. My feet were still cuffed together from the 
night before and walking was infinitely more difficult in 
such high heels. I hobbled as fast as I could actually 
stumbling against the walls a few times trying to keep my 
balance. Mistress Stacey was either oblivious to my plight, 
or more likely didn't care, for her pace stayed the same. 
When we arrived at the main dungeon I was immediately 
placed back into the stocks I occupied for so long 
yesterday. 

"Cindy, it is now precisely 8:00 a.m. the same time that 
the kids from the high school are expected to arrive at 
their Summer School classes. But there is a big difference 
between their schooling and yours, they get out at noon, 
you, however, are with me the entire day. It is good for 
teachers to often repeat lessons so that the student 
doesn't forget what she has learned. We will begin today 
with you once again licking, rimming and cleaning my 
asshole. Thank me for this opportunity and please feel free 
to compliment me on how beautiful it is. You may begin."

Mistress Stacey, as before, spread her cheeks with her 
hands and backed her ass up against my face. I once again 
began licking and kissing her ass.

"Mistress Stacey your ass is beautiful! It is the most 
perfect ass I have ever seen. Thank you for giving me the 
privilege to lick such a gorgeous asshole." 

I continued to lick and praise for the next 10 or 15 
minutes. When she was satisfied she pulled away and once 
again stood before me.

"Last night I took the liberty of going to your house, or 
should I say my house, since I own you and everything you 
used to own, and I found among other things your checkbook. 
Your balance is quite impressive for a schoolteacher. How 
does a schoolteacher have $10,000 in her checking account 
and over $450,000 in stocks, bonds and CD's? This is not a 
rhetorical question, Cindy, I would like an answer."

"I don't know, Mistress Stacey. I suppose I have just been 
frugal over the years."

*Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, 
Crack, Crack*

"AHHHHHHH, OWWWWWWWW," was all I could say as my ass was 
once again lit up from her riding crop.

"Not the right answer, Cindy. I believe you can do better 
than that. I can't believe a smart and highly educated 
woman like you can't come up with a more informed answer."

"Mistress Cindy, I am telling you the truth."

*Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, 
Crack, Crack*

The second round of blows was even more vicious than the 
first. I screamed and writhed in pain, but no matter how 
much I tried to move or begged for mercy the blows still 
found their intended target.

"Cindy, I am growing impatient. I hope you have learned 
from yesterday that I am nothing if not persistent and I am 
a Woman of my word. I will, make no mistake about it, beat 
your ass until you tell me the truth. Let's not forget why 
you are here. As a man you for all intents and purposes 
raped me. As a woman yourself now you will come to 
understand how devastating that experience is, but until 
you do grasp the full ramifications of such an act let me 
warn you that I am still pissed off. I am living every 
woman's dream that has ever been raped. I have my attacker 
right where I want him, and even if the world knew you were 
here who would feel sorry for you? Maybe I am doing you a 
favor. I imagine that life with me may even be better than 
what you would face in prison. Enough of this idle chatter. 
You must learn another lesson before we go any further. I 
will give you a small taste of what you put me through."

With that said Mistress Stacey stuffed my mouth with a very 
large penis gag and strapped it tightly around the back of 
my head. She secured my cock leash to the base of the stock 
and then she turned a crank connected to the stock that 
actually lowered it. She lowered it about 10 inches so I 
was forced to squat down. I couldn't stand erect and I was 
too far from the ground to kneel. She again tightened the 
leash and I could hardly move an inch. She walked around to 
face me and showed me a very large dildo.

"Cindy, I am going to strap this on and then I am going to 
fuck you up your ass. I am going to give you a taste of 
what you gave me. You look like you have a virgin ass. Well 
don't worry about that, I will break it in no time. If you 
don't want me to fuck your brains out then just tell me 
where that money came from."

"MMMPPHHH, Nohh," was all I could get out. I would have 
gladly spilled everything I knew but now I was rendered 
mute.

"So you still don't want to tell me? You are a hard ass, 
Cindy. It is now 8:15 and I am going to fuck you for 15 
minutes at which time if you still haven't told me then I 
am going to cane your ass ten times. I will repeat this 
process until you decide to cooperate."

Mistress Stacey moved behind me and I felt her hands 
pulling my cheeks apart. I tried to stop Her invasion but I 
might as well have tried to stop the surf from crashing 
onto the shore. She quickly found her mark and with 
viciousness thrust Her "cock" deep within me. I shuddered 
in pain and my hold body convulsed at once, but She acted 
as though I wasn't even there. She continued to ram Her 
cock in and out of my ass until I thought I was going to be 
torn asunder. At 8:30 she was true to Her word and came 
around to face me.

"Cindy, how did that money get there?"

It was strange seeing Mistress Stacey standing in front of 
me sporting a very large cock. Her hands were on her hips 
and her abundant breasts were jutting forward. I tried to 
reply but my speech remained a garbled mess.

"So you still aren't cooperating. I can keep this up all 
day. I hope you can. You will learn that cooperating and 
speaking the truth will serve you best in the long run."

Mistress Stacey caned my ass the 10 times She had promised 
and then repeated the whole cycle of fucking and caning 
over and over and over and over. At 9:30 she finally came 
around and removed my gag.

"Cindy, this will be your last chance until noon. If you 
have anything to say to me I would say it now, otherwise, I 
am going to put this back in and not take it out again for 
2 1/2 hours. You may speak."

"Mistress Stacey," I said as I tried to get my jaws 
working, "I received that money through blackmail. With you 
and Michelle I gave you a passing grade in exchange for 
sexual favors. With the guys over the years I asked for 
money instead in order to pass my classes."

"How many guys were there?"

"Mistress Stacey I don't remember."

"Would you like to make an educated guess?" She said as she 
began to bring the penis gag close to my mouth.

"Mistress Stacey I honestly don't know. It must have been 
close to 100 over the years. I charged them $1500 each. And 
over the years I invested that money and it grew."

"And how many girls have you used besides myself and 
Michelle?"

I really did not want to answer that question for I knew 
that the answer would only enrage Her so I quickly ran 
through my mind possible options. I thought to myself do I 
lie and hope she never finds out or do I say the truth?

"HOW MANY?" Mistress Stacey said with fire in Her eyes and 
rage in Her voice.

"About 50," I blurted out without thinking.

"50!! Are you telling me that you subjected 48 other girls 
to the same cruel and humiliating acts you subjected myself 
and Michelle to?"

"Yes, Mistress Stacey," I stammered.

"Cindy I have been recording all of this and I probably 
have enough to put you into jail for a very, very long 
time. But right now prison should be the least of your 
concerns. I know I said before that being here might be 
easier than being in prison, but I lied. When I get 
finished with you, you will be begging a judge to throw 
your worthless, slut ass into prison."

Mistress Stacey quickly shoved the gag back into my mouth 
and tied it tighter than before. She picked up her cane and 
walked behind me.

"Cindy you are now going to receive one hit for each girl 
you fucked with. And let me assure you that this is only a 
very small down payment on what you owe myself and those 
ladies, but I am sure you won't consider it so small a 
price."

Mistress Stacey lit into me like never before. After the 
3rd one I was crying and after the 10th I was in 
excruciating pain. I am not even sure the last few 
registered. I was nearly unconscious from the pain. I 
vaguely remember being released from the stocks and led 
back to my cage. I awoke some time later with my hands 
still secured behind my back, my ankles were still bound 
together and the penis gag still securely in place. In the 
darkness of my cell it was hard to measure the passing of 
time. About an hour after awaking the door to my room 
opened and I saw the now familiar silhouette of Mistress 
Stacey standing in the doorway.

"Good afternoon, Cindy. You slept for quite a while. It is 
now nearly 5:00 p.m. I hope you enjoyed your rest and 
reprieve. I have brought you your dinner and something to 
drink. I am going to remove your gag, the ankle restraints 
and your handcuffs so you may eat. I have also brought you 
a new outfit to wear. I am sure you will love this one. You 
have 30 minutes to finish your dinner and change into your 
new clothes. When I return I expect you changed and I want 
you to put the gag in reapply the ankle restraints and put 
the handcuffs on yourself. If you understand nod your head 
in agreement."

I nodded my head and Mistress Stacey removed my gag and 
undid the cuffs. When she left I rubbed my jaws and wrists. 
I quickly ate my dinner and drank the water she brought. I 
removed the lingerie I had been wearing and took my new 
clothes out of the bag. Mistress Stacey had brought me a 
girl's uniform. I first put on the red plaid panties 
followed by the white knee-high stockings. I then put on my 
red plaid uniform skirt. I then put on the matching bra and 
put the gel inserts underneath for my breasts. I then put 
on the white shirt and tied it around my waist. I finally 
put on the black paten shoes. My lease still hung between 
my legs. When I was fully dressed I put the gag back in, 
put on the ankle restraints and then I finally reattached 
the cuffs behind my back. I expected Mistress Stacey to 
return any moment but she did not come for a very long 
time. The door finally opened about 2 hours later.

"Cindy, I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long. Some 
business came up, you know how that is. I am now ready to 
take you back to the main dungeon." 

Mistress Stacey opened the cage and after I crawled out, 
the best I could, Mistress Stacey took the leash in her 
hand. Mistress Stacey hurried down the hall with me 
following as fast as I could. I am sure I was quite the 
sight to the Mistress who followed us with the video camera 
recording my descent into hell. When we arrived in the main 
dungeon I was secured to a special table that was inclined 
at a 30-degree angle. My arms and legs were strapped in at 
several points and my head was restrained against the table 
as well. When I was completely fastened Mistress Stacey 
raised the table straight to 90-degrees. I realized quickly 
that the room was empty except for me. Mistress then opened 
a door at the far end of the dungeon.

"You may all come in now," She said.

When She made this announcement my heart sank and although 
there was no audible gasp due to the gag I still felt one 
inside my own head as I saw Michelle and several other men 
and women walk into the room.

"My God, Stacey, is that who I think! I can't believe it. 
Is that really Mr. Parker?" Michelle inquired with a fair 
amount of incredulity.

"It is Michelle, although now she answers to Cindy," 
Mistress Stacey said. "I named her after a little doll I 
always use to play with when I was a little girl. I figured 
since she now belongs to me, just like my doll did, why not 
call her the same name?"

"And he, oh I mean she will really do whatever you tell 
her?" Michelle said still in shock.

"Of course she will! She is mine. I own her and I can do 
whatever I want to her. She even signed a contract to that 
effect. Do you really think she would be dressed in those 
clothes if I couldn't make her do anything?" Mistress 
Stacey said with a smile.

"She'll do anything." Michelle said still trying to grasp 
the concept.

"Here let me demonstrate. Cindy I am going to remove your 
gag and I do not want you to say a word until I command you 
to. I am going to lay the table flat and then I am going to 
kneel on the side of your face and I want you to kiss, 
lick, rim and clean my asshole. I will keep it above your 
head until you convince me that you deserve such a treat 
and then, and only then, I will give you your reward."

Mistress Stacey removed my gag; put the table flat and 
kneeled across my face giving me a clear view of Her 
puckered asshole. I was acutely aware of how degrading this 
would be, but I also knew that if I disobeyed Her in front 
of Her best friend I would pay a very dear price, and still 
end up doing it.

"You may now speak Cindy," Mistress said with delight.

"Mistress Stacey may I please lick and adore your asshole. 
It is so beautiful. Please give me the honor of kissing and 
worshipping your ass. Pleeeaaase let me put my lips to your 
most exquisite asshole. Pleeeaase, pleeeaaase..."

"Okay, okay Cindy you may have your reward," Mistress 
Stacey said as she lowered Herself onto my waiting mouth. 

As I kissed, licked and slurped Her asshole I could hear 
her talking to Michelle.

"Well I'll be damned, Stacey," Michelle said with a giggle. 
"Who'd a thunk that you Stacey, would have the 'great Mr. 
Parker', AKA Cindy, eating out of your ass? How long will 
she do it for?"

"Michelle, I still don't think you quite get it. She'll do 
it for as long as I tell her to. If I wanted to sit here 
and read a book or watch a movie she would do it until I 
finished. It actually feels quite good. Would you like to 
try?"

"Do you think she... I know, I know, she'll do anything you 
tell her to," Michelle said with a glimmer of insight.

"I'll even go one better than that," Mistress Stacey said. 
"From now on she'll even do anything you tell her to. Since 
she belongs to me then I can share her with anyone I wish. 
From now on Cindy you will obey Mistress Michelle as much 
as you obey me. Is that clear?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey," I said as She lifted her Ass off of 
my face.

"Cindy, I want you to do the same thing to me you did to 
Stacey," Michelle said.

"Yes Mistress Michelle," I said.

"A girl could get to like this," Michelle said as she 
removed her jeans and panties and straddled my face.

"Mistress Michelle please let me adore your asshole as 
well. It is so gorgeous and perfect. Please let me put my 
unworthy lips upon your sacred asshole."

"You may," Mistress Michelle said as She lowered Her ass.

I licked her ass with the same vigor I did Mistress 
Stacey's.

"This kind of tickles," Mistress Michelle said, "but it 
does feel great. Do you mind if I stay here a while 
Stacey?"

"Take all the time you want, Michelle," Mistress Stacey 
said, "you deserve it. Isn't this just great? I was telling 
Cindy before that this is every raped woman's dream come 
true. She used both of us as well as a lot of other people 
and it only seems right and just that we exact our revenge 
and make her pay restitution for her transgressions. I am 
glad that you were able to track down some of the other 
people she hurt. Who did you bring?"

"Well you know my boyfriend, Steve," Michelle said as She 
still sat upon my face. "I also was able to find 5 of the 
other girls she did the same things to. There is Debbie and 
her boyfriend Bart; Helen and Mark; Stephanie and Phil; 
Lucy and Peter; and Jenny and Paul."

"Hey, nice to meet you all. Thanks for coming here on such 
short notice," Mistress Stacey said.

I could hear them all saying that it was no problem and 
that they wouldn't have missed this for the world.

"The girls here are all to familiar with what Cindy has 
done to them," Mistress Stacey began. "And you their 
boyfriends know how psychologically scarred they are from 
this. There is no way that Cindy will be able to make up or 
pay back what she has done, but at least we can make her 
experience a little bit of what we have endured and maybe 
in some small way that will help us get over our own hurt. 
Tonight belongs to us and I would like to begin. That is if 
Michelle can pull herself away?"

"Stacey it feels so good, but I will stop for now," 
Mistress Michelle laughingly said.

"I am sure you all have noticed that Cindy is dressed in 
the same way that she had all of us dress when we visited 
her home. And tonight she will not only dress like us, but 
she will also do what we did. I am sure that Michelle has 
filled you all in on what we have planned. I would like you 
all to find a comfortable place in the dungeon and make 
yourselves feel at home. I have placed several mats around 
for you all to use." 

After Mistress Stacey said that she dimmed the lights and 
played soft music. She put the table I was on back in the 
upright position. I then noticed the various couples 
heading toward different parts of the room where they 
immediately began to remove their clothes and make love. I 
watched as they passionately kissed, fondled and fucked 
each other. After some time Mistress Stacey returned to me 
and put the table back flat. I then saw out of the corner 
of my eye Mistress Michelle and her boyfriend Steve 
approaching.

"Cindy," Mistress Michelle said, "I am sure you remember 
our last encounter. If not let me remind you. You had me 
lick your semen out of Stacey's pussy. Well now I am here 
to return the favor. My boyfriend hasn't cum for a week and 
now he just shot his wad into me. I am going to mount you 
and I want you to suck all of his precious cum out of my 
pussy into your mouth. If you spill a drop of his precious 
nectar there will be dire consequences. Do I make myself 
clear?"

"Yes Mistress Michelle," I said. I was horrified at the 
prospect of what was coming, no pun intended, but I knew I 
was going to be forced to do it in anyway, so I quickly 
decided to do it the easy way.

Mistress Michelle faced me and put her knees on each side 
of my immobilized face and then brought Her Pussy down to 
my mouth. I began to lick and suck and it wasn't long 
before I could taste Steve's salty semen upon my tongue.

"Lick well, Cindy. I am sure my boyfriend put a lot there. 
You are so lucky to be able to taste his cum. Most girls 
will never get this privilege."

After a couple of minutes the idea of what I was doing 
repulsed me so much that I risked speaking out of turn and 
I pleaded with Mistress Michelle, "Can I please stop?"

"Of course you can Cindy,' she immediately replied.

"Thank you Mistress Michelle, thank you," I said as she 
lifted Her Pussy.

*Crack, Crack*

Mistress Michelle slapped me hard across my face.

"Why did you stop," She demanded to know.

"You said I could stop Mistress," I replied in disbelief.

"Cindy don't you understand the English language? You asked 
if you 'could' stop and of course you were able to because 
you did. You should have asked 'may' I stop instead for 
that implies getting my permission. And the answer to that 
question is 'no.'"

"Why are you making me do this Mistress," I said through my 
tears.

"Why I am not 'making' you do anything. You are free to 
choose not to do it. If you choose not to you will be 
punished but the choice is yours. What do you choose?"

"Mistress Michelle, may I please suck your Pussy?" I said 
in utter defeat.

"Yes you may Cindy. Thank you for asking," Mistress 
Michelle said.

Right before Her Pussy engulfed my face I saw Mistress 
Stacey smiling at me with a look of superiority knowing 
that She had won.

"You did a great job Cindy," Mistress Michelle said as She 
dismounted my face. "But there is one little thing I would 
still like you to do. My boyfriend's cock still has a 
little cum on it and I think he would like it cleaned. He 
is going to mount your face just like I did and I want you 
to show his cock the same respect you showed my Pussy. I 
want you to lick his shaft clean."

"Michelle," Steve said, "watching you ride Cindy's face has 
really turned me on. Would you mind if he sucked my cock 
until I came in his mouth? I think the little slut needs 
some practice in satisfying a man."

"Great idea Steve," Mistress Michelle said. "Cindy I want 
you to suck on Steve's cock until he explodes and 
afterwards I want you to lick his cock clean. Is that 
clear?"

"Yes Mistress Michelle," I said almost as though it was 
someone else talking.

Steve mounted my face and he placed his semi-hard member 
next to my mouth. I stuck out my tongue and licked for the 
first time in my life a cock. I slowly ran my lips up and 
down his shaft. I then put his cock in my mouth and sucked 
it as he moved it in and out. In no time at all I felt his 
cock twitch and then I felt his load hit the back of my 
throat. I swallowed as quickly as I could before I gagged. 
Steve then withdrew his cock and left it near my mouth so I 
could lick it clean. When he finished he stood next to 
Mistress Michelle and gave her a kiss.

"Cindy I am proud of you," Mistress Stacey said. "You are 
turning into such the slut. You still need much more 
practice, but don't worry about that. I see that Debbie and 
Bart walking this way. I want you to do the same things to 
Debbie and Bart that you just did to Mistress Michelle and 
Steve. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Mistress Michelle," I sheepishly said.

For the next hour I serviced each of the couples just as I 
did Mistress Michelle and Steve. When I finished with the 
last ones all the couples got dressed and Mistress Stacey 
turned up the lights and replaced the table I was on up to 
the upright position.

"Thanks for coming and cumming this evening," Mistress 
Stacey said with sheer delight in Her voice. "I am really 
glad that you could make it on such short notice. And I am 
sure that Cindy was happy to see you all again. Weren't you 
Cindy?"

"Yes Mistress Stacey, I am very happy everyone came. Thank 
you for coming by and spending time with me," I said for I 
knew that was the response She sought.

"If you ever want to come by and visit Cindy in the future 
please feel free to do so," Mistress Stacey said. "Tomorrow 
I am going to have Cindy give me a list of all the other 
girls she has abused in the past so that they too can stop 
by and visit with Cindy like all of you did. I am also 
going to write checks, with interest, to all the boys he 
blackmailed. I may even invite the kids in Summer School to 
come/cum and visit. I am sure that that will be a field 
trip they wouldn't want to miss. Thanks again for stopping 
by. It is now time for Cindy to go to bed. Good night."

Everyone except for Mistresses Stacey and Michelle stayed. 
Mistress Michelle told Steve she would be out in a little 
bit. Mistress Stacey removed me from the table and prepared 
me for my walk back to my cage. Mistress Michelle walked 
with us as we went through the corridors. After I was 
safely back in my cage Mistress Stacey and Mistress 
Michelle gave each other a very long hug.

"Thanks a million Stacey," Mistress Michelle said. "I can 
never repay you for what you did. This will turn my life 
around. I now feel as though I can get on with my life."

"Michelle, I am glad you feel that way. Rest assured that 
Cindy will never hurt another young lady again. I will make 
sure that she is well trained. When I am through with her 
she will be the perfect slut. She will be the one abused, 
and not the one doing the abusing. Be sure to keep in touch 
and visit often. Let me walk you out."

"Good night Cindy," Mistress Michelle said to me.

"Good night Mistress Michelle," I said as She and Mistress 
Stacey left the room and closed the door behind them.

For the next 6 weeks Mistress Stacey was true to Her word 
and eventually invited all of the girls and guys I had ever 
abused to come and cum to exact their revenge. Mistress 
Stacey was also true to Her word when She told me long that 
the student would become the Teacher and the teacher would 
become the student.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tweak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





