BDSM Library - How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of pretty co-eds are recruited as submissives to serve aboard a exclusive ocean liner for a summer. Amanda and her friends are changed forever by the experience.
How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation

Chapter One

"GIRLS... make BIG money this summer!" the glossy poster had proclaimed. The
layout had looked slickly professional and Amanda had given it a second look.
She had been passing the bulletin board at the student union and had been
worrying about paying tuition for the upcoming fall semester. She had previously
borrowed money with a student loan and was growing heavily into debt. Her
parents were divorced and she had known from the start of her academic career
that she was financially on her own. Her mounting debt had been a constant
concern for the past several years. The name of the company was Summer Riches
and was located in Florida. The ad promised "tropical adventure" and hinted at
future opportunities.

Amanda was a very pretty nineteen-year-old blonde. She was a trimly athletic
five foot four inches. The self-consciousness of her full bosom prevented her
from participating in sports that involved running and jumping, but she was a
leader of her sororities' daily aerobic regimen. Guys were drawn to her
wholesome girl next-door attractiveness, but she had avoided any serious
involvements. The boys she had dated all seemed very immature.

Amanda and her close friend and sorority sister Kim had discussed the ad and
then both decided there could be no harm in just asking for more information.
They had dialed the 800-phone number, talked to a very legitimate sounding and
chatty operator who while not giving specific details, made the job sound very
interesting. An application packet was promptly shipped by overnight express.

It was a typical job application, but the attached personality test had seemed
peculiar. It was long and very complex. Amanda recognized the format from her
psychology classes and understood there were hidden questions within the test
that would reveal character traits. She had not been able to pick out any
direction the test had been going except possibly her attitude towards women,
men and relationships.

The application had also requested pictures. The girls had completed the forms
and had mailed everything back. Afterwards they had giggled and agreed it was
all a lark and that nothing would come of it.

But, only Amanda received a phone call from Summer Riches. The lady on the phone
had invited her to come to Miami over the weekend and interview for the
position. There would be a ticket waiting for her at the airport. Everything
would be provided and she was also to be paid $200 for her time. Amanda had
accepted.

In Miami she had stayed at a hotel with many other female applicants. Amanda
noticed that all the girls were young and pretty. She thought it seemed like a
beauty pageant. Her initial interview had been taped. She had been asked to be
photographed in several outfits including a particularly brief thong bikini.
Some of the girl's had balked at this and been promptly sent home. Amanda was no
prude and had no compulsion against showing off her figure. The photo shoot had
been professionally done and had been fun.

On Sunday the girls had been paid and had gone home. The company representative
advised them in a final group meeting that they "would be contacted"

Amanda had nearly forgotten about the entire affair when in late spring she got
another phone call and had been invited back to Miami.

This time the meeting was entirely different. Amanda only noticed several other
unaccompanied girls her age at the exclusive seaside hotel. The interview was
long and very personal. The company representative was a beautiful older lady
named introduced as Ms. Danielle. Amanda was discomforted by the woman's
"all-business" demeanor. Her manner was cold and efficent.. She had a thick file
with Amanda's name on the cover.

Ms. Danielle had closely questioned her about her relationships with her father
and mother, men and other women. The questioning had progressed to a point of
asking pointed questions regarding intimate acts she had engaged in and Amanda
was becoming uncomfortable.

"Do you enjoy performing oral sex, Amanda?" the lady had flatly asked and Amanda
finally decided she had enough. Indignantly she had risen from her chair and
prepared to tell the older female to forget it.

Ms. Danielle had raised one finger and smiled at Amanda. "Before you do anything
rash young lady, please look at this" She pushed a check across the desk.

Amanda's anger had vanished when she read the figure printed on the check, which
was made out to her. "That thirty thousand is not bad pay for a summers work.
The check will be in your bank account on the day you leave for your position.
Another twenty thousand will be in your bank at the completion of your
employment at the end of the summer.

Amanda had sat down, looked again at the check and then back up to Ms. Danielle.
Amanda had realized the job wouldn't involve tending bar, or answering phones
like she had thought. "What would I have to do?" she asked quietly.

Ms Danielle smiled at her and plucked the check from Amanda's fingers. "Nothing
that you couldn't handle." She answered.

She then explained the interviews and testing had all been geared to reveal her
personality and what they refered to as 'drives". She opened Amanda's file and
read from it.

"You react to very favorably to a strong dominant  presence. In fact whether you
realize it or not, you are what we call a natural submissive." She explained.
"Your have a healthy response to sex and a low level of inhibitions."



Amanda's voice sounded very young when she asked, "You want me to be a
prostitute?"

Ms Danielle had laughed. "We prefer to call our girls pleasure providers.

She then explained further. She was to be sent to a private ship along with
several other girls. There she would be trained to properly perform her duties.
After competition of the training she would serve the owners of the vessel.

"The men and women are very rich and powerful," Ms Danielle continued, "and you
will find some of them very attractive" Also for employees safety and theirs,
they must agree to regular STD testing to use our services."

"As a pleasure provider your main duty will be to obey. This will involve all
manner of sexual requests." Ms. Danielle smiled at her and again tapped Amanda's
folder. " We know you are no virgin.  We pick our girls knowing they will
eventually be enthusiastic participates in what ever is demanded of them."

"Amanda I want you too fully understand what I am telling you, Do you have any
questions? She added.

Amanda had questions, but she thought they seemed dumb. She was intimidated by
the older woman and was trying not to convey it.

Ms. Danielle had paused and was studying Amanda. "I think we have had enough
discussion today." She closed the folder. "You think about it tonight. If you
think you cannot do this we will send you home tomorrow with a nice compensation
to make up for your time.

Amanda went back to her room and considered the outrageous proposition. Ms.
Danielle had assured her that her anonymity would be assured and she would
return to school in the fall richer and no one any wiser. But she would be a
prostitute! Could she live with that afterwards? She lay on her bed and watched
TV, unable to sleep as she considered her options. That this job could solve her
all finacial problems was a inescapable fact. She finally decided to sleep on
it.

The next morning Amanda had returned to Ms Danielle's room.

Amanda noticed the chair were she had sat yesterday was gone. She stood before
the older women and without meeting her eyes said, "I really need the money. It
is the only reason I am doing this."

"I know Amanda, really I understand" the other woman answered. Then with a
business like manner she pushed a paper across her desk. "I knew you would
decide to join us. I will need you to sign this contract."

Amanda started reading the small typed print, which was in very legal language.

"Amanda just sign it." Ms Danielle said impatiently. "You will not understand
it."

Amanda had a final moment of indecision then she signed her name next to her
printed name on the bottom.

Ms Danielle took the document from her and reviewed it. "Good girl" she said
then with a change of tone she ordered, "Now strip off those clothes."

Amanda took a deep breath, closed her eyes, steadied herself and then meekly
stripped off her sandals, jeans and top. Awkwardly, clad only in her bra and
panties, she stood barefoot on the cool tile floor. She held her clothes to her
front covering her exposure. Ms. Danielle had been arranging her file. She
looked up. "Everything" the seated woman told her "Put everything in this
basket". She held out a small plastic tub. Blushing Amanda folded her clothes,
placed them in the container and then quickly unfastened her bra and stepped out
of her panties. She placed the undergarments on top the other clothes. She felt
a burning shame in standing naked like this in front of the other clothed
female.

"You will become more accustomed to being naked in front of others with time."
Ms Danielle advised. She snapped a lid on the container, then set the tub,
amongst several others on a the metal shelf behind her desk .

"Now come here," she indicated beside her desk.

Amanda slowly and tentatively approached the her as ordered. Her new boss
watched her with a smug smile. "Kneel here" she indicated the floor at her feet.

Amanda made a slight sigh of resignation  then lowered herself as directed. She
was very apprehensive and focused her eyes on the floor beyond Ms Danielle.

The other woman used her index finger to lift Amanda's chin. "Look at me little
girl."

Amanda blinked and raised her eyes to meet the other's  glaze.

"You will do fine Amanda," she said coldly. Then reaching into a drawer she
pulled out a thick short leather belt. Without comment she snapped the collar
around Amanda's neck. "You will wear this for the summer"

Amanda reached up to touch the weighted pressure on her neck. "It is like a
dog's collar Ms Danielle, I don't understand."

"You have much to learn little slave girl" Ms Danielle replied. Then touching
her finger to Amanda's parted lips she silenced the young girl's next question.
"Now we have many things yet to do today so I want you to think only about
helping your new Mistress in getting you prepared. Understand?"

The use of the words "slave" and "Mistress" struck Amanda oddly, but she
remained quiet and nodded her head in compliance.

Ms Danielle rose and handed Amanda a short pink smock. "You may wear this for
now." Amanda tugged at the garment as Ms. Danielle stood impatiently at the open
door. "Amanda come now" she said impatiently.

Amanda nervously skipped to her; Amanda thought to herself this smock is even
skimpier than a hospital gown. The older woman strode purposefully down the hall
to another room. Amanda had to scurry to keep up. 

Amanda met her future companions there. There were five young women all clad in
the same short smock as herself. Amanda noticed the other girl's wore collars
just like her.

There were chairs in the room but the girls were all kneeling on the floor,
resting on their heels. All turned to examine Amanda with curiosity. Ms.
Danielle introduced Danielle by her first name and had the others respond to her
in kind. Ms. Danielle indicated Amanda was join them and left the room. Amanda
sank to her knees and shyly smiled at a very pretty blonde next to her. They
whispered quick introductions. Her name was Caitlin.

The girls had only made hushed tentative talk when Ms. Danielle returned and had
the group follow her to an adjoining room.

Over the next few hours the group where thoroughly examined by a series of
medical people. There was a GYN exam, blood work, a urine sample, and an
intensive physical exam. Afterwards the group was returned to the first room.
They were told to remain silent. Everyone was nervous and very curious about
each other, but the video cam mounted on the wall was adequate rule enforcement.

The results for all the girls must have been satisfactory. An hour past and  Ms
Danielle re appeared. She clapped her hands "Girls! Lets go." She led them
outside to a cleared area. A helicopter sat on a paved pad nearby.

Ms Danielle turned to them and over the increasing roar of the helicopter gave
them a final moment of decision. "Girls we like to always give everyone one more
chance to reconsider. This will be the last opportunity for you to return to
your normal life for several months. Once you board that helicopter you become
the property of Summer Riches. You will NO longer be permitted to say "no". You
WILL always obey. Does everyone understand?"

The girls all looked at each other and then back at Ms. Danielle. There were no
questions.

Inwardly Amanda was nearly panicked. "Oh my God!" she thought, "I can't really
be doing this!"

Ms, Danielle smiled with a smug twist of her lips.

"Let's go," she said.

All the girls followed her onboard, the craft lifted and headed out to sea.



To Be Continued... Last Modified - May 24, 2002




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation
Chapter Two


The skimpily girls shivered in discomfort in the sudden coolness of the
helicopter's cargo space. . Ms. Danielle had ridden up front.  A widely grinning
young man in a flight suit had come aft before the lift off and tightly secured
everyone's seat belt. He had told them they were not to detach the belts and
move about the cabin during the flight.

Amanda couldn't see were they could move about. The girls were arranged in
canvas seats mounted to the side bulkhead. Boxes, crates and some equipment had
been strapped down in the center aisle. She thought to her self "We are just
some more cargo."

Amanda squirmed on the uncomfortable canvas seat. She was cold, apprehensive and
a sudden wrenching loneliness seized her. She leaned over to Caitlin, huddled in
the next seat, and yelled over the roar of the aircraft.

"You Scared?" she asked.

Caitlin's eyes were wide. She faced Amanda and nodded. She indicated for Amanda
to turn her head and listen.

"I wish we had more clothes!" she nearly yelled.

Amanda nodded. The short shifts they had been given were inadequate for sitting
and being so tightly belted to the seats. The coarse canvas abrasively rubbed
the soft skin of Amanda's bare bottom. 

Amanda took this time to closely examine her new companions. There was her new
friend Caitlin. Amanda had told her that the thick mass of blonde ringlets,
which cascaded down her shoulders, was very becoming.

Across the compartment three girls were similarly secured. Jenna was a tall
willowy beauty that Amanda thought looked younger than eighteen. She seemed shy
and would not completely meet Amanda's eyes. She had very light straight blonde
hair, which was pinned back. Her tresses were long reaching the middle of her
back. Amanda envied Jenna's type of figure. That long-legged slender physique
was more suited to athletics than Amanda's voluptuous figure.

Stephanie sat next to Jenna. She had smiled at Amanda across the aisle when
their eyes met. Amanda thought they might become good friends. She was not as
tall as Amanda but just as fully figured. Stephanie wore her brunette hair cut
in long layered retro shag.

Amanda was not sure of the tiny Oriental girl's name sitting at the end of the
row. She thought it was May Lin. She had known some Orientals at school. She
determined the lovely doll-like girl was either Vietnamese or maybe Cambodian.

Lastly sitting on the other side of Caitlin was the very animated black girl
Leisha. She had told everyone to call her "Tweety" She was short but with a
perfect figure, if maybe top-heavy. Amanda watched the rising and falling of
Leisha's full up thrust melon-like breasts rise and fall as she whispered
excitedly in Caitlin's ear.

 It seemed they had only been aloft for a brief time when the craft banked
sharply. Their destination filled the small window next to Amanda. She gasped
and turned to Caitlin who was looking over her shoulder.

"It is the Rockefeller!" She yelled. Caitlin nodded in agreement.

In the past year the media had been filled with speculations about this new
ship. No press had been permitted aboard so all the public had seen had been
various airborne pictures of the unique ocean liner. 

It was a massive vessel. The innovative design consisted of two hulls joined by
a tiered deck structure. It was a floating city.

Amanda had read it was to be the exclusive domain of the very rich. On board
condominiums had been sold for millions.  The draw had been that the vessel
would remain in international waters under it's own sovereignty, exempting it's
denizens from land-based tax laws.

Amanda was stunned at the size of the vessel as the helicopter continued its
approach.  Details became more apparent and she realized their target was a
small shelf protruding from the side of an upper deck. It seemed impossible that
the helicopter could land on such a small space. 

Never less that was what happened. The aircraft turned and Amanda's window
filled with skies then the growing vision of windows, doors and railed walkways.
Amanda closed her eyes and braced herself.

There was jolt and the roar of the rotors changed. The craft shuddered and the
vibration suddenly ceased. The whine of the helicopter's turbine died and Amanda
opened her eyes and peeped out the window.  Several men in official looking blue
coveralls were attaching straps to bolts on the metal deck.

The cabin door slid open with loud bang and Ms. Danielle looked in at the girls.
Frowning she motioned with an impatient wave for them to get out. Amanda fumbled
with her belt then rose to follow the other girls. Before entering the sunlight
Amanda pulled at her thin smock in an attempt at a modest covering of herself.

Above them the rotors still lazily spun. A smiling young man stood at the door,
clad in what seemed the ships uniform of blue coveralls, and motioned for them
to duck their heads.

Amanda quickly took in her surroundings. She was standing on a cold metal deck,
which was perched, alarming high above the vast open space of the sparklingly
blue ocean.

Ms. Danielle herded the girls together and directed them toward the dark cavern
of an open bay. As she entered the hold Amanda realized this was a freight dock.
Boxes and crates of produce were rose above them on both sides. The air was
refrigerated and she shivered from the loss of the welcomed warm ocean air.

Amanda suddenly noticed the attention of two leering Spanish men loitering by a
forklift. She was immediately very conscious of her scant smock and near
nakedness. She tugged the cloth down with and covered her breasts with her arm.
She was acutely aware her taut nipples must have been protruding. .

Ms. Danielle barked a command in Spanish and the men quickly averted their
stares and returned to work. She then led the girls to a waiting freight
elevator.

After a brief descent the group was led down another corridor to a carpeted
hallway. Amanda thought the decor resembled an up scale hotel. The group made
several turns and entered another elevator. They made another descent.

The elevator opened into a small hallway. The luxurious accommodation was
lacking here. Pipes and conduit ran along the ceiling and the metal floor was
cold to Amanda's bare feet. It was evident this was a service area.

Ms. Danielle halted the group. "This is the servant's deck. You must never leave
this area unless accompanied by a Owner." She explained.

She then lead them to an oval shaped metal door and lifted a metal bar opening
the hatchway.

The girls followed her into the next room. Amanda immediately recognized it as a
classroom. There was a TV mounted on the wall and a podium. Six boxes were
arranged in rows on the floor before the podium.

"Find your box." Ms Danielle directed as she strode to the podium.

Amanda saw hers. She noticed her printed name was lower-case and read simply
"amanda"

"Now girls assume your proper position which is kneeling. I want you to be
accustomed to kneeling at all times unless ordered otherwise." Ms. Danielle
said.

Amanda lowered herself to her knees. She was glad the floor was heavily
carpeted. Unsure if she was permitted to sit on her heels she looked around at
the others. Everyone was uneasily doing the same.

Ms. Danielle looked up from the podium. "You may sit back. We have much to
cover."

The door opened behind them and Amanda turned to see the entrance of a beautiful
nearly naked woman. The woman wore only a garter belt and dark nylons. The
black-strapped stiletto heels looked uncomfortable but she gracefully crossed
the room to kneel next to Ms Danielle. Amanda noticed she too wore a collar.

Ms Danielle's demeanor changed and she smiled down at the kneeling lady. She
reached down to fasten a leash to the collar and then ran her fingers
possessively through the others thick black hair. The kneeling female looked up
at her in trembling adoration. Her full wide-spaced breasts rose and fell in a
thrusting offering.

Amanda suddenly recognized the woman. It was Carmen Mendoza.  The Latina had
been a leading television news reporter on a Miami station. All the boys at
school had a crush on her. They had an informal fan club that had met in the
dorm common room for Carmen's nightly newscast. Amanda thought of her as old but
she was only in her thirties. Amanda appraised the other female, as only one of
the same sexes is capable. Petite framed, her body was well toned and tanned.
Her hair was styled and piled in dark curls about her face. Her mouth was large
and sensual. Amanda always thought that was what attracted all the boys.

Amanda suddenly recollected Carmen had been absent from the newscast for some
time.

Ms. Danielle looked up at the other girls. "Open your boxes." She said.

Amanda opened hers to find two pairs of shoes, one similar to Carmen's and the
other a pair of six-inch platforms.  Some very lacy belts and nylons lay neatly
folded between the shoes.

"That is your uniform." Ms Danielle announced. "Put on the platforms and get
used to the height. You may stand. Place your smock in that barrel by the
table." She pointed.

Amanda felt immediately self-conscious as she stood and prepared to pull off her
smock.

Amanda looked at Caitlin who was holding up a garter belt, which dangled from
her hand. Caitlin looked at her and the two giggled.  

Caitlin made a face then pulled her smock off over her head. Amanda looked at
her naked friend, then followed suit. The two girls glanced at the other's body.
Amanda thought Caitlin was beautifully sexy.

The girls followed the others to deposit the smocks as directed and then
returned to their assigned spots.

When Amanda removed her shoes and garters she noticed what lay underneath. She
quickly looked at her friend's reaction. Caitlin had pulled the contents out and
was holding it. It was a huge cellophane wrapped dildo. She suppressed a giggle
and looked at Amanda. The phallus was flesh colored and life-like detailed. It
looked massive in the dainty girls hand. She jiggled it.

"OH, my gawd!"  She exclaimed in a whisper to her friend.

"You slave girls need to learn to follow directions with more haste" Ms.
Danielle said sharply.

Quickly everyone began opening the wrappings on the underwear and adjusting them
around their waists. Amanda was unfamiliar with a garter belt as girls in her
generation used panty hose. Amanda and Caitlin assisted each other and quickly
figured out the snaps and adjustments.

Amanda thought the silken stockings felt wonderful as her she pulled them up her
legs. She straightened the seams and clipped the tops to the belts.

Bending over she slipped on a heel and realized that getting on the other would
be tricky without a chair. She looked to her friend who was having the same
realization.

"Lean on me" Caitlin whispered.

"Okay" Amanda replied.

Tottering on the one leg Amanda braced herself by placing her hand on Caitlin's
shoulder. Then she lifted her other leg and pulled on the other shoe.

Gingerly she slowly straightened and stood balanced on the outrageously high
platforms. Amanda had never worn anything like this. She felt like a giant.

Caitlin kneeled down. "Let me fasten them." She said.

Amanda steadied herself and stood erect. She looked around the room at the
others. Everyone was helping each other.

Then she noticed herself in the mirror that spanned one wall. She made a slight
gasp as she stared at her reflection. The heels emphasized her long legs and the
lacy belt seemed to frame the dark triangle of her sex. Amanda had never seen
herself so provocatively displayed. She felt embarrassed at the open sexuality.
It was different than being naked with other girls in a locker room at school.
Her hands fluttered at her side as she fought the impulse to cover herself.

Caitlin finished fastening the shoes and rose. Her eyes rested for a moment on
Amanda's out-thrust bosom which was level with her nose. She stepped back a
minute suddenly aware of her new friend's closeness.   

The two girls exchanged a look.

"Help me Amanda" Caitlin said softly.

"Okay" Amanda looked down and slowly lowered herself to her haunches. She picked
up a shoe and lifted the others foot.

Caitlin lightly rested a hand on her friend's shoulder and then noticed their
reflection. She thought Amanda looked erotic perched on her platforms. Her new
friend had a lovely figure. Her back was arched and her cute butt was
out-thrusting by her position.

"There" Amanda said as she finished. She looked up and saw Caitlin looking at
the mirror. Her eyes followed the other's gaze and she was again startled by the
transformation.

 She had seen models dressed like this in sex magazines the guys had in their
rooms at school. She had never visualized herself in fetish wear. She realized
the way she thought of herself was not the girl in the mirror. This new girl was
a slut to be used for another's pleasure.

Ms. Danielle clapped her hands. "Okay let's go. Resume your positions" she
directed

"I am happy you have all figured out that you must help each other." Ms.
Danielle announced as the girls gingerly lowered themselves to the floor.

"The months ahead will be filled with moments when you will need each other."
She continued. " I encourage each of you to make close friends amongst
yourselves. You will find that sharing your experiences will help the others if
they find themselves in a similar situation."

"You girls were chosen for a common trait. You may not recognize it in
yourself...yet. In the next few days it will be my job to bring out your hidden
talents."

"You are probably wondering what that similarity could be among such a range of
girls as you are. By the tests you took we can determine the degree of what we
call....a natural submissive. It is actually a very common personality factor in
females, but what separated you from the other candidates was also your
sexuality."

Then she added, "And of course your own type of individual beauty." She smiled
slightly at the last remark.

" Some young girls are frightened when first faced with the feeling of
powerless. You should take strength from the others. Also the coming realization
of your own sexuality, growing needs and desires will be life changing. Do not
bottle up your fears, but if need be cry on each other's shoulders."

She then gently pulled on the leash attached to the kneeling Carmen. She smiled
and changed the tone of her voice. "This is my sweet kitten Carmen"

Carmen looked up at her then toward the other girls.

"She is older and has had much experience. Confide in her, ask her questions and
learn from her."

The sound of the entrance door caused everyone to turn. A man entered. Amanda
immediately felt very naked. Involuntarily who hands flew up to cover her
breasts. She had to stifle a scream.

As he walked to the front of the room he made a frank appraisal of the six
kneeling girls. Amanda felt her skin tingle as his gaze lingered on her. He
smiled slightly and then winked at her. Amanda knew her body must be flushed red
with embarrassment.

He stopped at the podium next to Ms Danielle and turned to face the girls.

Ms. Danielle ordered in stern voice. "All of you! Resume your proper positions!"

Amanda turned her head and noticed everyone else had reacted like her. She took
a deep breath and lowered her arms to her sides. She had never felt so naked
before.

The man smiled again. "You slaves will become used to being naked among
strangers in time."

"My name is Jonathan. You will address me as Master Jonathan, Master or Sir."

He slowly inspected the kneeling naked girls before him.

Amanda thought he was certainly distinguished looking and quite handsome for an
older man. She felt a sense of authority, which seemed to radiate from him.

He turned to Ms Danielle and said something low in her ear. She nodded and
pointed to Stephanie and Caitlin. He nodded and smiled again as his eyes shifted
between the two indicated girls. He said something else unintelligible to Ms
Danielle and pulled a gold-coiled chain link leash from his pocket.

He looped the leash in his fist and walked out amongst the females. He strode
directly to Caitlin, reached down and clicked the leash to her collar.

It happened so rapidly the surprised kneeling girl brought her hands up to the
leash and pulled back. "No" she said in a small voice.

"Come little slave," he said softly and tugged the leash taut.  Caitlin was
pulled forward and caught herself with her hands on the floor. He stood
patiently above her and again tugged the leash. Caitlin's head came up and she
looked at him.

"Come...come." He again said in the same soft tone.

Slowly Caitlin rose following the pull of the leash. She rose unsteadily on the
elevated platforms before him. He was smiling at her and she dropped her eyes.

Without another word he proceeded out the door with the now unresisting girl
following at his heels.

Before he closed the door behind them Amanda briefly met Caitlin's eyes as she
made a last quick glance over her shoulder. Her eyes were wide and panicked. 




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation
Chapter Three


Ms. Danielle had ended the class shortly after Caitlin's departure. She had
again advised the girls that Carmen would answer their questions.

Before she had left she pulled Carmen to her feet and kissed her demandingly on
the mouth. Carmen had responded by pressing her naked body against the clothed
woman and returning the kiss. Amanda watched the wanton display with amazement.

With Ms. Danielle's exit Carmen demeanor changed. She smiled brightly and said,
"Come on ladies lets go get some dinner and get better acquainted."

Amanda immediately thought she was going to like Carmen. She also realized she
was famished.

Dinner was in the next room. A steam table had been set up with dishes,
silverware, salads and drinks on a side table.

"Lasagna" Carmen explained as she lifted a metal lid. "Everyone enjoy this. Our
regular diet will be lower in carbs. Keeping slim and trim is a priority on this
ship."

There were no chairs so the girls had to sit on the floor.

"Once everyone gets established in the program you get chairs" Carmen confided.

"Good" Leisha blurted, "MY ass is tired of this!"

Everyone giggled. During the meal Carmen explained some of the daily routine.
There would be exercise first thing in the morning for two hours, which Carmen
described as "really hard aerobics" She laughed and said they would all get
exercise clothes.

She lifted her full breasts and said, "Us full figured girls DO need support."

Then she explained the rest of the day would be spent in classes.

"What kind of classes?" Jenna asked

Carmen looked at the innocent girl and smiled. She reached and caressed Jenna's
cheek.

"You are going to learn how to please a man....and some of you another woman."
She said and looked around the circle of listeners.

This brought a mixed response. There were pensive looks and some giggling. Then
Leisha spoke up. "Girl this tongue ain't licking no pussy"

Carmen gave her a bemused look, and then leaned forward to place her hand on the
black girl's knee. "Try it...you might like it".

"No way....ain't happening." Leisha had crossed her arms and looked defiant.

Carmen smiled at her and changed the subject.



After dinner the group had explored their new home. There were three small rooms
off the dining area, each with two beds. Everyone shared one large bathroom with
multi sinks and showers. Then everyone had re-congregated in the main room. They
had sat in a circle and began to share details about themselves. They continued
their talk late into the night.

 Amanda realized the search for candidates had been nationwide. The large-scale
scope and expense of such an undertaking was impressive.

Everyone was very curious about Carmen. Amanda thought she had slightly
embarrassed the seemingly confident Carmen when she told her that she had seen
her on television.

Carmen told her story. " I wasn't fulfilled with my life. Everyone thought I was
a so successful and going to the top with my career.  I had offers from the
major networks to go National. I knew everyone who was anyone in Miami and was
always invited to the best parties and events. After my divorce I dated rich
important men. I should have been happy.

But, there was something missing in my life, I was depressed. I am no prude and
my sex life was varied and seemed exciting to everyone else but me.

I had known Ms. Danielle from around town. Of course she was just Danielle to me
then. I suspected she might be a lesbian, but that never bothered me. Some of
the most interesting people I know are bi-sexual. I had even crossed over a few
times myself when I was young.

Anyway one night at a party I found myself in a very melancholic mood and had
been drinking too much.  Danielle seemed to take me under her wing that night.
Despite any reservations I had she had spirited me off to her place. I even left
a date at the party.

Looking back I realize Ms. Danielle had read me like a book. I never could say
no to her.

We had a passionate secret romance that lasted several months. I kept up my
public facade, but at night I was a different person. It didn't happen
immediately, but more and more I began to defer to her. She was patient with me,
but forceful in her demands. The amazing thing was, I found myself thrilled when
I pleased her and more and more attuned to her wants.

Then the first time she spanked me...I was angry at first...then the most
shocking self-revelation. I was over come with the want to do better. I found
myself at her feet begging forgiveness and pleading for a chance to please her.

Our relationship changed. At her direction I began to call her Ms. She had me
quit my job and sever all my outside contacts. It was wonderful. I was happy for
the first time in my life.

I learned more about her job and what she was involved in. It was all so
exciting. We would sit and review all these pictures and personality breakdowns.
I helped choose several of you.

"That pretty much brings my story to this point." She concluded.

"Do you just belong to Ms. Danielle? " Stephanie asked.

Carmen smiled. "You want to know if I have sex with men don't you?"

"Ms Danielle has placed me provocative situations because she knows it
embarrasses me, but ultimately is very exciting. Yes, I have had sex with men.
Ms. Danielle has shared me with men she knows I would be attracted to. I think
she enjoys hearing the details as much as I enjoyed the actual experience"

"There are several very experienced dominant males in this organization. I have
learned another side of myself; I had no concept of, in their hands."

Before she went to bed Amanda took Carmen aside and inquired about her missing
friend. Carmen had assured her she was in good hands. She said he probably took
her cause she tested as highly compliant.

"She is a lucky girl," she added almost wistfully, "Master Jonathan is a
wonderful lover."

The next morning an incessant buzzing from the intercom awoke the girls. There
were no clocks but Amanda thought it seemed too early.

Carmen evidently slept elsewhere but returned and to hurry them along. She had
gently chastised the quiet May Lin for going in the shower with her leather
collar on.

"You can take each others off. Just don't ever leave here without it." She
directed.

Within thirty minutes the group was led back into the main classroom. Amanda was
delighted to see her friend Caitlin kneeling there already.

Glancing up at the stern visage of Ms. Danielle who was watching the group
assume their positions. Amanda whispered in her friend's ear.

"You okay?"

Amanda thought Caitlin looked sleepy. Caitlin made a little smile. "Sure" she
answered.

Amanda was full of questions but it wasn't till that night until Caitlin could
tell.

As promised the girl's spent the next two hours in the gym. Amanda was grateful
to have some clothes. It was like a luxury, even though only the simplest of
tights and support top.

The workout was extreme. Ms. Danielle and a new lady named Murielle led the
class through stretches; some light weight lifting and then really fast paced
aerobics. Amanda thought she was in shape, but found herself sweating and
gasping for breath.

Ms. Danielle paced among them barking commands to keep up the pace. Everyone
noted she had picked up a new piece of equipment. She had a slender rider's crop
on a strap around her wrist. She would slap it on her open palm in cadence with
the workout music.

Finally at the completion the totally winded Amanda had bent over with her hands
on her knees to rest. The sudden sharp snap on her bottom brought her erect and
twisting to meet her antagonist only to meet the steel glaze of Ms. Danielle.

Standing nearly face-to-face Ms Danielle brought up the crop and tapped Amanda's
nose.
"We will work all that baby fat off you within two weeks" Ms. Danielle advised
her.

"Baby fat!" Amanda thought later in the locker room. She had showered and was
standing naked in front of a full-length mirror. Her body was smooth and dimple
free. She turned so she could see her backside.

Carmen walked by and gently pinched her on the buttock. "Baby fat" she said.

Amanda watched the sleek and toned older woman walk away. Her tight bottom was a
smooth flow of muscle and motion.

Amanda looked down again at her butt. She traced the thin red line, which ran
across one cheek with her fingernail. "Bitch" she thought to herself.

Classes began after the gym. They had watched several DVDs. The first was on
serving etiquette. A pretty girl in a low-cut short-skirted uniform demonstrated
different ways of placing drinks and food around a seated mannequin at a table.
Amanda thought the heels the girl was wearing would be very uncomfortable for
working tables. She realized what the video was demonstrating was giving the
customer of full view of cleavage when serving.
The next DVD was more etiquette. This tape involved the same girl but with a
live male actor this time. He was a distinguished older man in an evening suit.
Proper deference was the theme. As the girl spoke her words would be emphasized
in letters across the screen. How may I serve you Sir, Yes Sir, Of course Sir
were too be the working vocabulary. Amanda thought so far I could handle this.

After lunch the pace picked up. Later that night, when recalling the day,
Stephanie had called it B.J.101.

It had consisted of several girls demonstrating different cock-sucking
techniques. The videos were professional but Amanda thought almost clinical. She
of course had seen her share of porn DVDs. It wasn't the same without the corny
music.

 Amanda had sucked cock before. Everybody did at school. She had started doing
it in high school. It was just like a step beyond making out, but not going all
the way.

But these girls were artists. Amanda was glad the guys weren't old like the man
in the previous lesson. They were young and hung. Amanda looked around and
noticed everyone was watching with rapt attention.

Mostly it showed different ways of kissing and licking in ways stated as
"bringing the man utmost pleasure" Then one girl, sucking a particularly huge
cock, started slowly swallowing the entire length.

"No way" someone whispered. There was nervous titter of laughter amongst the
group.

The girl continued swallowing until the bulge could be seen in her throat. She
slowly pulled back, and then began a slow piston movement.

Amanda noticed the tiny May Lin shaking her head in disbelief. May Lin felt her
attention and turned her head. Amanda could see she was really frightened.
Amanda reached over and put her arm around the smaller girl.

The girl picked up her tempo, and then pulled back. Holding the penis in her
hands she held it by her face. It jerked and spewed a copious amount of cum in
her mouth. She immediately engulfed the head, her cheeks hollowed with sucking.

She finished with licking any residual sperm off the still turgid rod. Finally
her lips shiny and a pearl of cum on her nose she looked upward off camera and
said her first words. "Thank you my Master"

Abruptly the lights came on and Ms Danielle strode into the class. "OK class,
that's all for today, dinner time!"




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation

Chapter Four

The lights in the main room and the bedrooms would dim and go out at a set time.
The only light was a low glow left in the bathroom. The girls gathered there
that night. They brought pillows and blankets to sit on. Everyone wanted to hear
Caitlin's story.

I was so scared when he took me. You don't know how embarrassing it is to be
taken down hallways and elevators almost naked...and on a dog leash! It seemed
like we walked forever! Luckily we only passed a cleaning maid and she acted
like she didn't see us.

Then we got to his stateroom, which was gorgeous. It was way up on the upper
deck. It was like somewhere away from here and we were all by ourselves. The
ceiling was glass and one whole side was open to the ocean. It was really
beautiful.

He sat on the sofa and had me stand in front of him. I was so self-conscious I
could die.  He had me turn around in circles real slow. Then do it again with my
arms up above my head. It is hard to do with those platforms. I couldn't do
gracefully.  I must of have been red with embarrassment.

There was some champagne in a silver bucket and he popped the cork and poured a
glass. All the time I was still standing before him. He was talking to me about
real personal stuff. He had my folder next to him. I can't believe all the
things they know about. He even knew the time of month I have my period!

Then he opened his legs and told me to come to him and kneel between them.
Clumsy me sort of fell because I was so nervous and in these stupid shoes.  I
fell on his knee and must of looked so ridiculous. My heart was pounding so
hard.

But then he reached down and helped me, but he pulled me forward inside his legs
so we were touching. I wasn't ready to get that close.   I didn't know were to
put my arms and he ran his hands down my arms to my elbows and held me. His
hands are so big and gentle. I felt really like a little kid again. I kept
trying to be calm.

He leaned back and was just smiling at me in this superior way. It made me a
little mad. It was so unfair, because he had all the power. He knew he was
intimidating me.

He took a sip of his champagne then reached out and put the rim of the glass to
my lips. I started to reach up to take it, but he told me "no". I sipped it from
his hand. .

There was some bubbles left on my lips and I wanted to reach up, but he took his
finger and ran it across my lip. He then pushed his finger between my lips. He
said, "kiss" and I did. He has a way of making you do things.

"We started talking. Actually he is really nice. I started liking him, despite
the way he had me kneeling bare -assed like that."

"You know is thirty -five years old? I thought he was a lot younger."

"He made me laugh. He is really funny. Then he made me nervous again. He took an
ice cube from the champagne bucket and reached down and ran it around one of my
nipples. It was so cold it took my breath away. It shocked me so at first I
almost reached up to stop him, but instead I just gripped his legs."

He circled it all around my nipple then pinched the ice against it. It didn't
really hurt, but was so cold. Then he threw the ice back in the bucket and
brought his hand back to cup my breast and roll my nipple between his thumb and
finger.

"Such nice full firm breasts" he said " You are a very beautiful girl Caitlin."
He told me.

I felt so awkward I didn't know what to say. He was watching my eyes and I
couldn't meet his stare. His touch did feel wonderful. It is just that I am so
used to controlling my body. Having someone else touch me as they wished really
bothered me.

Then I felt him getting hard. I had my stomach pressed against him and I could
feel it. I looked up at him and he was smiling at me. He knew I could feel it.

"Unzip me and take out my cock Caitlin," he said. Just like that!

I was thinking, "Oh my god, here we go"

"Sit back" he told me. I did and I reached up to his pants. I could feel his
hardness pressing against the material. I tried to do it with fingers so I
didn't touch him too much.  It took me a minute cause I was shaking. I got the
zipper down and I could see it. He had on these loose silk underpants. I tried
not to look at it. I looked up at him and he was still smiling at me.

"Go on unbutton my pants," he told me.

I had trouble with it cause of my long nails and I keep touching his cock with
seemed so hot and in the way.  I finally got the button and he told me pull "it"
out. I reached in and grabbed him. God he was thick. It filled my hand. I had to
tug and it popped out. I had seen big ones like that in porno's, but never
really seen one.

Caitlin held up her hands showing the dimensions. "That big!"

He told he to use both hands and stroke him. It was so unreal. I had his feeling
of out of my body. Here I was sitting naked between some older guys legs jerking
his big cock. I didn't feel like this really me doing this.

I was trying not to look at it, but was staring at his shirt buttons. He kind of
relaxed and opened his legs wider and I looked up at him.

He was still watching me, but his expression had changed. He scared me again. I
again felt real young.

"Good girl" he told me. "Tighter"

I was running my hands up and down his dick, which had gotten real hard. Like
steel. I could hardly squeeze it.

"Look at my cock Caitlin," he told me.

I did. When I squeezed the head would get more swollen and red. Then a drop of
fluid came out and ran down the slope of it.

"Kiss it," he said.

I only thought about it for a second. What could I do? Say no? Look where I was?

So I leaned forward and kissed the top.

I could taste it.

Then he leaned forward and grabbed my arms and pulled me up. I was still holding
his dick, but now it was rubbing on my breasts.

He starting squeezing them and rubbing my nipples with his thumb.

 I realized I was getting kind of turned on. This was a crazy scene but I was
getting hot!

Then there was a knock on the door. I about died. I started to take my hands off
him and he told me sharply "No".

He said, "enter" and I turned to look. This old guy in a butler suit came in
pushing a cart with steaming food on it. He never even looked at us but went
straight to the table and set it up. Master Jonathan has taken my hands and
placed them on the sides of my boobs. He held them there, squeezed me so his
cock was between them. Then he starts moving me up and down. Once I got the idea
he took his hands away.

It was like he enjoyed having me do stuff that would embarrass me. That other
guy was only ten feet away and could easily have turned and seen what I was
doing.

"Look at me little Caitlin" he said. He wanted to watch my face. It was hard to
meet his eyes. I wanted to close my eyes.

Then the butler said " Will that be all, Sir?"

I couldn't tell if he was looking at us. I don't think I have ever felt so
ashamed in my life.

Master Jonathan said, "Yes, that is all, Harold" I heard the cart on the carpet
as it wheeled out and the door closed.

"Are you hungry Caitlin" he asked me, "Or would you like to continue our game?"

I could see he was playing with me. I really didn't have any choice in what we
did.

"I am hungry, Sir" I said. I really didn't him to know he excited me.

"Well we shall remedy that," he said. He held me by my arms and pulled me up
between his legs. He kissed me. I felt his tongue and I opened my mouth and he
French kissed me. I guess I kissed him back the same way.

Then he pulled me up. I could feel his hardness against my cleft. I knew I had
gotten wet and he could feel it.

He kissed my boobs and ran his tongue around one nipple then another.

I have never wanted sex before like that. I ached to have that hard thing in me.

"Ah, such luscious fruits. I could feast on just these." He said.

I really thought we were going to do it. I think I was nearly panting. But,
instead he had me stand up and led me to the table.

Dinner was so elegant! The setting on the table was fine china, linen and real
silver. We sat across from each other and it was dark and romantic with candles.

He is a very good talker and listener. I opened up and just gabbed on and on.
Then as I was eating a roll a big glob of butter dropped to my breast. It ran
down (Caitlin demonstrated by running her finger down the slope of her breast to
the valley between and down her flat stomach) to my lap leaving grease mark all
down my belly.

I looked down. I had forgotten I was naked! I looked up at him and he had that
smile again. Then I tried to wipe up the butter. It is impossible to do
something like that with no clothes and not look provocative. He didn't say
anything just watched me. It made me a little mad because I was learning how he
enjoyed my discomfort.

Well I made it through the rest of the dinner without looking too stupid. He
stood up and came across from me and pulled out my chair. He said, "Now it's
time for dessert" and took my hand.

He led me too his bedroom. I was impressed. The ceiling was all glass and the
stars were the only light.

He started taking his clothes off. I knew we were going to do it. I really had
no say. So I said  "Master Jonathan do you want me to take off these things?"

He said "no" that I looked "darling" like that.

It was a little strange having shoes on in bed, but I forgot about it real
quick.

I am not going to give up all the details, but he was the best I EVER had. I
didn't think he would ever stop. He made me cum and cum. Then at the end he
started going faster and real hard. It was incredible. The end was so powerful I
started crying. I couldn't help myself. I have never got off like that before. I
didn't know sex could be so over-whelming.

He held me and we fell asleep. He woke me again later by kissing me. I could
feel he was hard again. We did it again, but with me on top. I keep having small
orgasms...it was so good. We did it for the longest time. I would cum and rest
my head on his chest and he would start moving again. I couldn't help myself...I
would start grinding him again. When he finally came all I could do is hold on.
I was exhausted.

Then we slept till the sun came through those windows. We got up. I had lost my
shoes and my stockings were ruined. He took my collar off and we took a shower.

He washed me. It was so sweet, until he reached my butt. He had lathered his
fingers and was rubbing them around back there and he started pushing in. I must
have clenched up because he said, "relax". He pushed a finger in and then two
and began slowly moving them in and out. I had my arms around him and must have
been squeezing hard because again he said relax.

"I am not used to that," I told him.

He said we would do it someday soon. I didn't know what to say. It scared me a
little.

Then it was my turn to wash him. He has a great body, all hard muscles. When I
got to his legs he put his hands on my shoulders and gently pushed me down. I
did his legs when I got to his cock it was getting bigger. When I washed it...it
got hard. It was right in front of my face. I had lathered and rinsed it and
looked up at him. He arched forward and it was against my lips and I kissed it.
Then I opened my mouth and took him in. I started sucking.

I really wanted to do it right. He let me try for a couple minutes and I felt
his hands on my head.

"Use your hands' He told me. So I started jerking him. He was slippery. When he
came it was on my face and he pushed it in my mouth and I could feel more
squirting out and I could taste it. He pulled it out and rubbed it around my
mouth and nose.

I looked up at him. It was like I was hypnotized. I keep kissing his cock. The
shower water was running down on my face, but I could still feel his warm sticky
sperm on my face. I swallowed what was in my mouth and licked my lips. I have
never let a guy do that before.

Caitlin paused in her story as she thought of her words.

At that moment I was so happy to have pleased him. I wanted to do anything for
him. I wanted to be owned by him.

Looking up in his eyes I think he knew what I was feeling. He just smiled at me.

We finished up. He dried off and put on a bathrobe. He told me I could find
everything I needed in the closet. There was everything I needed for my hair and
some expensive perfumes and stuff I tried.

There was also some store wrapped nylons and garters which I needed.

I couldn't get my collar fastened. I followed the sound of his voice to a small
office in front. He was talking on the phone. He smiled at me when I walked in
and motioned for me to come to him.

He had me sit on his lap while he fastened my collar. I was really tempted to
flirt with him. I was getting a little horny again. But he shook his head no and
pressed a button on his desk.

A minute later Mr. Butler enters. Master Jonathan covered the phone and told him
"Please take Miss Amanda to her quarters, Harold."

Harold replied in this formal tone, "Very good, Sir"

He had a leash coiled in his hand all the time. He walks up to us, clips it to
me and says, "This way, please"

I kissed Master Jonathan on the cheek. He never stopped talking on the phone,
but he did wink and smile at me.

Then I ended up here. There were lots more people in the hallway coming down
this morning...even a couple young guys who whistled at me.

It didn't bother me. I felt beautiful and sexy. I was naked and being led on a
dog leash behind some old guy in a frock coat. But, I felt like I was floating
on top of the world!




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation

Chapter Five

That morning the girls shared several laptop computers and composed emails to
their friends and parents. Several examples of an acceptable format were posted
on a wall projection. They had been instructed to tell anyone concerned that
they were having a wonderful time.  Ms. Danielle said all messages would be
reviewed before transmission.

Several girls needed to use the telephone to contact family back on the
mainland. They had been coached and when the call was made Ms. Danielle had been
on an extension her finger poised above the disconnect.

They had been told to relate to concerned parties that it was impossible to
expect to call directly because of problems with shore-to-ship connections. But,
messages would be forwarded and they would reply as soon as possible.

Ms. Danielle had explained,  " That the owners wanted to make sure that everyone
knew they were fine. But, that no unnecessary alarming information might be
accidentally given out."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"No sir, we 'sho' don't want mama back home to know what her lil' baby is
learning today." Leisha remarked later. She was helping Stephanie in her attempt
at swallowing a large dildo.

The kneeling Stephanie had her head thrown backwards and had managed to take
half the phallus down her throat. Leisha stood above her and was gently pushing
it downward with one hand and massaging Stephanie's throat with the other.

Amanda, who was attempting the same act next to her, started choking in response
to this comment. An alarmed Caitlin hastily pulled the plastic dick from
Amanda's mouth. Everyone in the class started giggling.

"Okay girls back to work. We don't Ms. Danielle to come in and find us having
this much fun" This came from Trish. Two girls, Trish and Beth, had earlier been
introduced to instruct in "deep-throating"

After Ms. Danielle had left, the two had come down and knelt with the class on
the floor.

"We aren't Dommes but subbies like you guys." They confided.

They explained that they had both been in last summer's class. Trish was a trim
blonde. She wore what looked a stewardess uniform. She had explained that
through contacts she had made last summer she had been offered an internship
with M******* Corporation. She said she worked on several corporate jets.

 "I have been all over the world in the past year" she confided, "It has been
VERY exciting," She added, "But as you can imagine my duties don't just consist
of serving drinks and fluffing pillows"

Beth was a tall buxom redhead. She was dressed in a fashionable slacks outfit.
Beth explained that a certain man, who she wouldn't name because "everyone has
heard of him and he is married", kept her in his condo on board.

"He is very generous." She explained. She opened the top button of her blouse
and showed everyone the thick gold seamless band that circled her neck.

"He is building a very substantial off-shore bank account for me." She
explained. "I can retire in a couple years.... if I want" she added.

They had told the class they had two real guys for this part of the lesson last
year. But, the word had got out and the men in the crew were asking questions
and trying to volunteer. It had gotten out of hand.  So the Bosses had changed
the curriculum for this year.

Trish had explained that they "probably wouldn't ever see anything like this"
She held up one of the huge dildos. She smiled and jiggled it. "Guys wish", she
quipped.   But the purpose of the class was to help them overcome the gagging
relax.

"Men like blow jobs" Beth had continued. "If you are like me, doing it was
nothing new."

"But here it wont be your boyfriend. It might be some fat older guy. Or you
might be in a public area with people all around you. You will need to learn to
focus on the job and be pleasing."

The two girls had demonstrated several techniques and Trish had actually
completely swallowed the massive thing.

Then the class was paired off to try it with varying degrees of success.
Amazingly the tiny May Lin was the only one to fully do it.

"You might not want Ms. Danielle know you can do that,' Trish had told her.
"There are a couple guys that have been here that are big like that. She lets
the word out you will be in demand."

"That will be okay," the quiet May Lin said. 

They had concluded the morning class by discussing swallowing sperm. When asked
if a guy had ever cum in their mouth only two of the girl's had lifted her hand.
Beth had advised them to "get over" any oral aversions they had. She added,
"That these men would not be satisfied with a hand job". She said last summer's
group had learned real quick that pulling your mouth away or pretending to
swallow could lead to harsh consequences.

"Anybody been spanked or whipped yet? Trish questioned.

The group shook their hands in near unison back and force. 

"Well the first time it happens it will shock you all. They try to do it at the
start so everyone sees it. You will all learn quickly from others mistakes." She
said.

"But" Beth cut in "Doing everything right doesn't mean it wont happen. You will
find out." She exchanged a look with Trish, "Some people just like to hurt"

"Ms Danielle will explain all that" Trish continued. " I just want to conclude
with a word of advice we learned the hard way.  No matter how bad something is
that you are told to do this summer. You better do it good and try to act like
you like it. That includes nasty stuff like licking some guy's asshole or being
peed on. Some times if they can tell you don't want to do it.... they only make
you do worse things. Plus you will probably get punished, if not then, then
later."

After lunch Ms Danielle had returned. "Now this afternoon you shall learn a
subject more dear to my heart." She announced.

She started a DVD and for the next hour the class watched women performing
cunnilingus. Amanda had never done this. She knew guys liked watching girls in
porno do it and she knew some lesbians at school, but she had never thought
about it much. While watching she realized it was kind of erotic. One episode
involved a female aggressively using a younger smaller girl's face to ride on.
"Wow" she whispered to Caitlin. "Yeah" Caitlin whispered back, "That's pretty
hot" 

Amanda had quickly glanced at her friend. In the dim light see could Caitlin was
watching the scene with intent interest.

After the movie Ms. Danielle had turned the lights up and pulled her tall stool
around to the front of the class. With a one leg hooked on a rung she stretched
out her other exposing a slender thigh from under her long skirt.

She paused and looked over the class as if making a decision.

"Leisha, come up here" she indicated in front of her with her hand.

Leisha started to rise. "No crawl to me." Ms. Danielle ordered.

Leisha hesitated a moment then went forward to her hands and knees. She crawled
across the floor, her full pendulous breasts swaying, to the position indicated
at Ms. Danielle's feet. The seated woman shifted on the stool, unbuttoned the
front of her skirt and opened her legs wantonly displaying her full dark bush
and gaping sex.  

"Sit up and lick me Leisha," She smoothed the skirt aside with her hands and
smiled down at the girl.

Leisha on her hands and knees looked up at the lewd display before her. She
slowly shook her head in a negative fashion then sat back. " I don't want
to...please Ms. Danielle," she said very quietly.

The older woman looked down on her with a bemused expression. "I will tell you
again Leisha, because you are new. Put your mouth on my pussy and lick right
here.' She touched her exposed labia with a long painted fingernail.

Leisha cringed. "Oh please, Ms. Danielle I don't want to do that"

Ms. Danielle looked up at the class. "Today you all will witness the
consequences of disobedience." Her voice now had a sharp edge to it, but she did
not seem angry.

She straightened her skirt and arose from the stool. Reaching into the podium's
drawer she pulled a pair of chain-linked bracelets and a thin wood cane out.

She stood above the kneeling black girl and directed. "Hold out your wrists"

Leisha looked up at her.  The young girl was tensed as if to flee.

Ms. Danielle reached out. "NOW' she said sharply.

Leisha jerked at the command. Then slowly raised her right arm. Ms. Danielle
grabbed her forearm roughly and jerked her up. She snapped the cuff on the wrist
and still holding the arm reached out her hand for the Leisha's other.

"Quickly, girl" she hissed.

Leisha's fear and indecision was plainly evident. She struggled for a minute and
attempted to pull her arm loose. The larger woman shook her in response.

Leisha started crying, and then slowly raised her free arm. Ms. Danielle grabbed
it before fully extended and slapped the other cuff on with a deft movement.

Using the link chain she pulled the girl forward and to the podium. Leisha's
legs scrambled to avoid being dragged.

Amanda had not noticed the metal bracket mounted to the floor at the base of the
podium's dais before. Ms. Danville fastened the chain to this.  The young black
girl was forced to assume a bent praying position.

Ms. Danielle assessed her, and then with the switch lightly tapped her on the
bottom.

"Proper position for punishment is with your posterior high and ready." She
said.

Leisha's eyes were wide with fright as she looked up.

The older woman lifted up her arm and made a quick flick with her wrist. 

The switch hissed in the air. SNAP! Everyone in the room jumped at the retort.

Leisha screamed. The muscles in her bottom twitched and she attempted to flatten
herself. She twisted her body and jerked at the chain. She looked up at her
tormenter and made a moaning sound. Her face glistened with tears.

"You are going to make this much worse if you continue this way Leisha.
Punishment always follows disobedience. Accept it. Now get your ass up HERE".
She used the cane to indicate the desired height.

Leisha looked pitiful and Amanda felt sorry for her. The shackled girl lowered
her head and resumed the ordered position. She tentatively raised her chocolate
colored bottom.

Ms. Danielle waited until Leisha's ass had fully reached the desired point.  The
black girl looked over her shoulder, and then back down, she squeezed her eyes
shut and braced herself. She was trembling and quietly sobbing.

Ms Danielle raised her arm and with three quick back and forth movements laid
the lash expertly across the offered buttocks. The slender cane hissed in the
air and the rapid contact of wood to flesh was like pistol shots. It happened so
rapidly that a moment passed before the near prostate girl seemed to realize the
pain. She abruptly jerked, shrieked and flattened herself to the floor twisting
at the end of the shackles. Her legs drummed against the floor.

Three red lines stood in sharp contrast to the darkness of Leisha's skin.

"You have three more coming Leisha, raise yourself and we shall finish this."
Ms. Danielle told the agonized girl.

Leisha shook her head and made a choking plea" No more, please.... no more.... I
will be good...please.... I will do what you want.... don't do that
again...please"

"You will only extend this and make it worse Leisha. Don't make me any more
angry" the older woman warned.

After a long pause, while still quietly pleading in an almost inaudible whisper,
Leisha again raised herself as ordered.

Ms. Danielle patiently waited till she had raised her backside fully into the
directed position.  Again she applied the cane with the same rapid well-
practiced skill.

Leisha again reacted violently, hoarsely screaming and jerking at her
restraints. Then she rolled to her side and curled her legs up.  There was a
mournful wail, which subsided to a pitiful blubbering. Her hands clenched and
tugged at the restraints as she attempted to reach and rub her burning cheeks.

Ms. Danielle's chest rose and fell, as she seemed to catch her breath. She
reached down and fastened a leash to Leisha's collar.

Almost as she had forgotten about the class she looked up. "You are dismissed.
Go back to your rooms and practice with your fake cocks". Then as after further
thought she added, "Remember well what you have seen here today.'

As they filed out Amanda turned and looked back. Ms Danielle was now squatting
next to the prone girl talking to her quietly.

Leisha did not return to the sleeping area that night.




How Amanda Spent Her Summer Vacation   Chapter Six

The next morning Leisha was waiting in the classroom.  She was kneeling next to
the podium as the class entered.  It was apparent immediately that the night had
brought changes, both physically and attitude wise.

The large mass of bouncing curls that had previously fallen about her shoulders
was gone. Her head had been shaven bald. She had been oiled and her dusky body
gleamed. A small gold ring had been inserted in nose and a delicate golden bell
hung from a post mounted on her left nipple.

She would not meet the other's eyes, but stared fixedly at the floor.

Ms. Danielle had not entered so Amanda who was kneeling closest to the black
girl whispered "Leisha, what happened to you beautiful hair?"

"Mistress said it chaffed her thighs." Leisha replied softly without looking up.

At that moment Ms. Danielle entered and strode confidently to the front of the
class. At the sound of the approaching woman's heels Leisha straightened herself
and arched her back presenting her ample bosom in a out thrust manner.

Ms. Danielle ran a long red painted nail across the smooth top of Leisha's head
as she passed her. Leisha took a deep breath and trembled at the contact. Amanda
noticed the black girl's nipples tautened. .

"Good morning girls" Ms. Danielle announced. Her mood seemed upbeat, almost
cheerful for a usually all-business woman.

"Today we begin a new phase of training." She continued. "Previously we have
just covered basic skills. The time has come to learn performance duties and
also to get a brief tour of a more eclectic training area.

"You all have been wearing your heels enough that you should have become
accustomed to the demands of their use. Today we will practice serving in a
manner that is both seductive and practical.

The class was led into a previously unused compartment. The room was tightly
filled with round tables and seated mannequins. Ms. Danielle had the girls align
themselves against the far wall.

"If this is done properly you will be able to efficiently serve and maintain a
alluring attraction to the guest." The older woman explained.

Amanda noted the mannequins were all male. Caitlin nudged her and made a slight
directional movement with her head. Amanda then noticed the protruding bare
plaster buttocks of a kneeling figure emerging from under a tablecloth. The
placement of the slender female-formed mannequin was with her face resting in
the sitting figures lap. Amanda then closely scanned the room and noticed this
placement was repeated twice. Ms. Danielle picked up a silver platter from a
table and added four empty champagne glasses.

"Stephanie you will go first." She handed the tray to the girl. "One hand
underneath" she explained.

Stephanie balanced the tray as directed.  Ms. Danielle then took a waiting
pitcher and started to fill the glasses. She talked, as did this.

"The talent is to cross the room with as much decorum as possible. It will not
do to spill drinks on our guests. This is not a complete simulation as in
actuality, tending on the type or frivolity of the crowd, the demands on you
could make the proper performance of your duties quite extraordinary."

"Now Stephanie in this exercise you are to cross the room from this point to the
table at the far side of the room and then return. You are not to spill a drink
or push at a blocking figure with your hand or certainly not with your tray.'

"The art is to slide gracefully between the obstacles. Pressing your body
against a guest is unavoidable. Learn to do it manner that doesn't suggest the
guest is your way. Remember always, no matter hurried or flustered you are, you
purpose is to please our guests in all ways. 

Then Ms. Danielle circumvented the room to the far side. She picked up a small
black box.

"Precede to me, Stephanie," she ordered.

Stephanie dutifully hefted the tray and began to maneuver through the maze. She
carefully stepped over a kneeling female-formed mannequin and twisted to
gingerly slide between to closely seated figures.

Suddenly one of the seated figures jerked and twisted. Its arm came up to
Stephanie's naked bottom and there was a snap of electricity.

Stephanie screamed and threw the tray up in the air. It crashed on a table
shattering glasses and tableware.  The shocked girl rubbed her bottom.

"Now that is exactly what must NOT happen," Ms. Danielle proclaimed.

Over the next hour Ms. Danielle had all the girls try the exercise. The girls
learned quickly all the mannequins had a particular random working. There were
several that had the shocking arm, a couple which would rotate, pin you with
their arms and pull you onto their lap.

This is what happened to Amanda. She nearly lost her tray but instead of
fighting the clasping arms she followed the movement to sit in the mannequins
lap. She squirmed realizing the figure was stiffly anatomically correct.

Afterwards Ms. Danielle had asked the class what they had learned.

"Not to fight" Jenna had answered.

Ms. Danielle nodded, "Correct, anything else?"

Caitlin spoke up asking  "What if someone wants to-" she paused and searched for
the word then motioned to one of the kneeling mannequins.  "Wants to do it... or
do that...in the room with everyone around?"

Ms. Danielle looked at her. "Usually a guest will be discrete. Although remember
ALWAYS your first duty is to obey and please. If someone gets particularity
amorous in such situations you will comply with the best of your ability. We
expect you to maintain as much decorum as possible. Afterwards you will be
temporally excused to remedy any resulting damages to your make-up and uniform.
"

"Also I would expect of you to notice when another classmate has been detained
in such a manner to pick up her table duties until she can return."

After lunch the class took their first extended trip from their compartments. 
They were led down several passages and up an elevator. This deck was quite
different than the steel walled quarters they had grown accustomed too.

They followed Ms. Danielle down a deeply piled carpeted hallway. The walls were
paneled with a dark rich wood. The lighting was subdued. The atmosphere of this
part of the ship reeked of opulence.

Ms. Danielle halted a locked a massive wooden door.

"This is the Manhattan Club recreation room," she announced.

She used a key and opened the doors, allowed everyone to enter and closed the
doors behind them. Entering the room was like entering another world. Wall
mounted simulated torches cast a subdued flickering light to the chamber. The
naked girls immediately began to shiver in the sudden coolness. Crudely cut
stone walls and a wooden beam ceiling gave the chamber a medieval look. Chains
dangled from the ceiling and bulky wooden structures were mounted to the floor
with large bolts.

"This room is designed to satisfy the needs of a very select and exclusive
membership.' Ms. Danielle explained.

She went to a wall and took a large handled coiled whip from a peg. With a deft
movement she cracked it in the air. The huddled girls jumped at the sharp
retort.

"Some of you are gifted with the ability to participate here. We know who you
are by the evaluation tests you took. It is a particular submissive nature and a
high tolerance for pain. Most of you will not be expected to serve here. In fact
the extreme degree of what happens here might long-term psychological harm to
some.  I repeat you will not be expected to serve here. This will be a volunteer
duty."

"I brought all of you here so everyone can see and get a concept of what degree
sadism might reach."

"May Lin come forward." She ordered.

The petite oriental shyly hesitated then approached the older woman. Ms.
Danielle had her stand under the hanging chains, which she attached to the small
girls wrists by heavy iron brackets.

Walking to the wall Ms. Danielle began turning a large wooden drum. With a
clanking noise the chains tightened and May Lin was lifted to her toes then off
her feet. She kicked for a minute then turned her head to look at Ms. Danielle.
The suspended girls eyes were wide with apprehension.

Ms. Danielle went to her side and put an arm around the distraught girl.

"There. There, little one. You were made for this, you just don't realize it."
She told her. The older woman's hand stroked May Lin's stomach and slid up to
caress her breast. 

She brought the coiled whip to May Lin's lips.

"Kiss it little slave" May Lin blinked as the leather brushed her lips. Ms
Danielle's hand tightened on her breast, her fingers digging into the flesh.

May Lin writhed and obediently opened her mouth kissing the whip. Her tormentor
continued to rub the coils against her pursed lips in a cruel but oddly sensual
manner.

"Good girl, good girl" Ms Danielle murmured as she continued to squeeze and
pinch the young girl's breast.

Then dropping her hand she spun the hanging girl. She stepped back and let the
whip uncoil to the floor.

May Lin's head twisted as she attempted to see what the other woman was doing
behind her.

Ms. Danielle appraised the target then with a deft under-hand motion snapped the
whip. The whip was a blur and the hanging girl's reaction was immediate. Her
hips jerked forward and her legs kicked. She made a hissing sound that rose to
an agonized shriek. Her small buttocks clenched then relaxed, then clenched
again. May Lin's scream changed to a moaning sound then she began a sobbing cry.
She brought her legs up then quickly dropped them in a vain attempt to ease the
pain.

A dime-sized blood red welt had appeared on the pale skin of the right cheek of
her bottom.

"This room is completely sound-proof of course," Ms. Danielle announced as she
bent forward to examine her handy work.  "All activities are monitored in this
room. Girls are not to be scarred. Amateurs are not allowed."

" After a night's work here you will be immediately medically examined and
treated if necessary. Also you will be given a three day rest period from your
other duties.'

She lowered the suspended girl who collapsed to the floor. May Lin's shackled
hands moved to touch her bottom but was just out of her restrained reach.

"One other aspect of this particular duty I need to explain" Ms. Danielle
continued as she watched the distraught oriental," We learned last year that
some girls are readily adaptable to this type of play, even though our tests say
otherwise"

"These girls fear and resistance to this type of training makes them more
attractive to a particular type of client. If the client has the expected
resources a night's work here might prove to be very lucrative to some of you."

"Last year one of our most out-going and assertive girls formed a very unlikely
relationship with probably our most cruelly oriented client. This pairing ran
against all our programmed expectations. She spent many evenings undergoing a
degree of corporal training far beyond anything we had seen before. She seemed
to thrive on it."

"In fact she continued her relationship with this particular client. Today she
is under contract to him and will be a very rich young lady in a few more
years."

Ms. Danielle finally fully released  May Lin who balled up on the floor. The
tiny girl's hand went to her buttock and a single finger tenderly touched the
abused area. She jerked in pain.

Ms. Danielle continued her discussion and motioned toward a partially hidden
camera mounted on the wall.

"All activities are monitored in this room. Girls are not to be scarred.
Amateurs are not allowed."

" After a night's work here you will be immediately medically examined and
treated if necessary. Also you will be given a three day rest period from your
other duties.'

"See me after class if you think this area is of interest to you. I will tell
you then if we feel you are adapted to it."

Before she had dismissed the girls for the afternoon she made one more
announcement.

"Tomorrow night will be your coming out party. We have invited some special
guests and we shall do true hands on evaluation of your training. The girls in
the past have typically found this night ultimately quite memorable. We will
start preparations first thing in the morning. Get your rest tonight because
your will require ALL your energies for what is in store for you." 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taoman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





