BDSM Library - Relentless




Relentless
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a very hot girl (you get to use your imagination in regards to who it is) portraying her relentless tickle torture.
R E L E N T L E S S

Her wrists are tied behind her back with a thin shoelace, her ankles bound in a
similar manner. Her immobilized body lies helplessly on the soft rug in your
living room. She breaths loudly through her nose, half due to the tape covering
her mouth and half due to the increasing adrenaline in her veins. She had been
simply placed there after she was dragged in, and now you are standing there,
preparing to disrobe her.

You start by removing her shoes, then her soft white socks, revealing her petite
toes and comely soles. You slowly drag your finger from her heel to the ball of
her foot, caressing the silky smooth skin while tracing the curve of the arch.
Her reaction is subtle, but you notice it nonetheless. Her delightful little
toes all twitch slightly at the light grazing.
But you decide to save those for later. Now, you release the knot binding her
ankles together and grab each of her pant legs. With her protesting beneath the
gag, you pull on her pants until you have worked them off her slim hips, then
pull them down her slender legs. As for her shirt, your original plan was to cut
it off, but instead you gently roll her onto her back and rip it slowly with
your hands. She writhes around a bit as you do so, raising her head to look down
at you slowly exposing her tender torso.

Several minutes later, you have secured her in another position. Now, she is
unyieldingly bound to a small velvet chair, gazing up at you in fearful
curiosity as to your intentions. Both of her arms are behind the backing of the
chair. Her right wrist is handcuffed to the back left chair leg, and vice versa,
meaning her thin arms are in the shape of an 'X' behind her. Her feet are also
firmly tied to the chair with shoelaces-her left ankle to the front left leg,
her right ankle to the front right. She looks so very fetching, clad only in a
pair of soft white cotton underwear and matching bra.

You begin to strip while standing right in front of her, feasting on her
terrified whimpering as you reveal your huge member. You stroke it gently,
prepping it for the sensations it's about to receive. It twitches and throbs
each time your hand gingerly makes contact. She looks up into your face with
desperation, her eyes innocently pleading with you. She moans into the tape
covering her mouth, probably an attempt to beg for mercy. Her facial expression
clearly conveys her message: "I implore you. Please...don't hurt me. Just let me
go...I'll forget you even exist." Needless to say, her attempts are in vain.

You sit in a chair that's bolted to the floor about two feet in front of her.
It's an oak wood chair, upholstered with a fluffy white material. It's shaped
like a kitchen chair-three slats in the backing, each with the fluff on them.
Your balls always feel like they're in heaven while being rubbed against the
seat of the chair, and sometimes you feel like you are, watching the helpless
woman you currently hold captive in the chair in front of you.

You are quickly lost in your lust, as you begin eyeing her exposed tummy. She
watches you intently, desperately trying to predict your next move. She gets her
answer, too, when you reach out and lightly tickle her soft navel.  She squirms
a bit, trying to get away from your antagonistic fingers, but her restraints
hold her in place. You lean forward and take an edge of the tape with your
fingers, and quickly yank it off painlessly. She inhales deeply and prepares to
plea to you, but before she can speak your fingers are lightly wiggling across
her belly again. She releases the purest sounding string of giggles you have
ever heard. You tickle her all around her sensitive belly with both hands,
causing her to wriggle helplessly in restrained delight. She is bucking and
thrashing uncontrollably, pulling on her handcuffs for all she's worth, but her
tender abdomen can never seem to escape your relentless fingers. Across her
navel, up each side of her rib cage, and just below her breasts you tickle, all
the while she screams and wails in a vain attempt to beg for mercy. Finally,
your eyes yearn to see more of her heavenly body and you rip the strap between
the cups of her bra, fully exposing her breasts to your hungry gaze.

You walk behind her and remove two small, soft pink feathers from a drawer.
Holding each one between your thumb and forefinger in each hand, you wrap your
arms around the chair and lightly wave them against her involuntarily swollen
nipples. She gasps sharply, releasing a startled yelp. It's obvious that this is
a foreign sensation to her. You twirl the torturously fluffy feathers against
the small pink nubs, then all across her soft, beautiful tits. She moans in
ticklish anguish, which soon turns to hysterical laughter. She bucks and
screams, pulling frantically at her restraints in a futile frenzy to escape the
increasingly intense torment of her exposed breasts.

At last, during a brief moment of calm, she tries begging with you once again.
"Please, stop tickling!! I'll suck you off; I'll screw you, anything!!! Just
stop tickling, I can't take it!!"

You think about it for a moment. She has brought up a good point-the prospect of
having your stiff wood in her soft wet mouth is one you just can't resist. You
set the feathers down and walk around to the front of her. She looks down at
your swollen tool reluctantly; with an expression on her face reflecting a great
distaste for the sexual act she is about to have forced upon her. You hold the
tip of it against her moist lips. Her mouth is soft, as you predicted, and
yields to your persistence, and you slide it in effortlessly. Her tongue strokes
and caresses the solid shaft, her cheeks massage your rigid dick every time she
sucks the spit from her mouth and swallows. She moans in dismay a few times,
expressing how much she despises the taste in her mouth. Every time her tongue
slithers across the tip and scrotum, your penis twitches with pleasurable
delight. After a minute or so, it shudders a bit, and you take her head in both
hands. You stroke her hair, thinning it with your fingers while growling into
her ear. You push her head fully into your crotch and gruffly order her to suck
harder, and with more vigor. She cries out in disgusted alarm as you suddenly
explode in her mouth. Your cock's eruption fills her silky soft mouth with hot,
sticky, unwelcome male fluid. You are very pleased when, rather than choke on
and try to spit out the load of semen you've just dumped in her mouth, she
swallows every last bit of it. You pump away for a few more minutes, letting her
lick away the last traces of your fluids and becoming solid again.

You withdraw your semi-erect dick from her mouth and look at her pretty face.
You go over behind her chair and lean down, resting your chin on her bare
shoulder. "If you try to escape, I will kill you." Your voice is a harsh
whisper, a clear threat aimed directly into her ear. She swallows hard but
doesn't respond otherwise. You retrieve the key to her handcuffs and release her
wrists, and then you untie her ankles. She obeys your warning and remains
absolutely still, even though she is completely untied. The chair you were
sitting in to tickle her earlier becomes another anchor point-your grasp her
ankles and pull on her body slowly until she is slouched down in her chair. You
push her feet through the gap between the seat and the bottom slat in the chair
facing her body, so they are sticking out the back. You tie her ankles firmly in
place, so the horizontal AND vertical crossbars of the chair immobilize them.
Afterward, you return to her head and pull her arms up, bending them over the
back of the chair at the elbow. Needless to say, you tie them to the chair's
backing-her wrists tied to the second slat up from the seat, her elbows tied to
the top slat. Finally, you tie a shoelace to the front left leg of the chair,
string it over her slim waist, and tie it to the front right leg. This makes it
so her midsection can't fall off either side of the chair.

You stand back and admire the view. Her body is now tied securely and
comfortably between the two chairs, her butt and pussy between the seats, her
feet sticking out the back slat of the chair you were sitting in earlier. They
are so prone. So vulnerable. Those beautiful bare feet...those ticklish bare
feet.

You pick up the two feathers you had earlier and look into her terrified eyes.
"You said you wouldn't tickle me anymore!" Her voice quivers with anxiety and
dismay. You kneel in front of her helpless bare feet, admiring the sensual
curves or her voluptuous soles and inviting little toes. You lean forward and
sniff cautiously at her feet, delighted by the clean, fragrant aroma. Surrounded
by the fluffy white material of the chair's slats, her sexy little feet look
almost angelic. And, if you didn't know better, you'd say she WAS an angel.

A hopelessly ticklish angel.

You look into her face with a wolfish grin. "I did say I wouldn't tickle you
anymore, didn't I..." You feel very little disappointment, however. "Well, I
never prided myself on my honesty." With that, you let each feather graze along
her sensitive heels. The reaction is instantaneous-she erupts in a gale of
giggles. She has given up on begging-all she says now is "Please, oh god no!"
before you wave the soft quills against her tender arches. She pulls on the
chair her ankles are bound to with her legs, desperately yanking with all her
might, but the bolted down chair doesn't move. She begins laughing hysterically,
wiggling her feet around and spreading/curling her toes, but you still don't
relent. You flutter the feathers against her cute little toes, then put your
feathers between them and saw back and forth viciously. She's in hysterics,
thrashing and shrieking, but you only become even more turned on by it. Every so
often, just to be cruel, you stop and let her catch her breath, but quickly
return to assaulting her helpless feet, torturing the unbearably ticklish toes
and soles.

Eventually, you discard the feathers and begin scribbling furiously with your
fingers against her suffering arches. The switching between using your fingers
and the feathers continues for a good hour, and by the time you're done it feels
like your dick is about to explode. You stand up and gaze at her face. She is
clearly exhausted, and her head is slumped down onto her chest. She is breathing
heavily, coming out as quick, sporadic breaths-and a light sheen of sweat has
formed on her sexy body.

You kneel next to her, looking at the flimsy white underwear hiding her
undoubtedly lovely sex from the world. She watches powerlessly as you slide the
undergarment down off her hips, and then tear it completely off her body. Her
pussy is, as you suspected, gorgeous. You reach up and stroke her narrow vagina,
gingerly sliding your middle finger into her moist womanhood. She whimpers
softly, a combination of embarrassment and pleasure.

After pulling your finger out, you stand and walk behind her, planting both
hands on her smooth, curved shoulders. "I wish I hadn't sent my right-hand man
to kidnap you. I wish it had been my hand cupping your little mouth..." You
slide your hand across her cheek and cup it over her mouth, pulling it back into
your engorged crotch. Her hair is soft and silky, and feels even better against
your wang and balls then the chair does. "Did you scream? Did you struggle and
try to escape...?" You lean over, and, with your cock still against her hair,
begin probing her smooth cunt with your free hand. "That's ok...I can re-enact
your kidnapping, in a way, can't I?" You lightly tickle her inner thigh,
inducing a muffled giggle from your captive. You tickle her harder, and she
begins writhing uncomfortably. Your fingers attack her thighs with even more
vigor, this time not stopping. She begins screaming and laughing into the palm
covering her mouth, muffled cries of tickle-induced misery. Soon, you are
tickling the extra-tender pussy lips, your hand still smothering the wails of
her tormented misery. As she is tickled, her head moves up and down/back and
forth, rubbing her silk-like hair into your pampered crotch. It's a sensation
that brings you to the edge of coming, but you stop yourself on the verge of
release.

Finally, you can take no more. You step over her body so her thighs are between
your legs. She watches as you take your throbbing cock in your hand and push the
tip against her narrow opening. Her slit is tight yet involuntarily well
lubricated and she moans as you slide your way in. Much to her dismay, you lean
forward and lightly tickly her underarms. She begins releasing those hot giggles
that you love so much and squirming as you tickle her harder and harder. Because
her waist is anchored to the chair, her only movement (though limited) is an up
and down motion, parallel to the thrusting motion you make as you fuck her. You
slide your hands down from her hairless armpits along her ribs, to her tummy and
begin tickling her harder than you have to this point. She screams with laughter
as her pussy muscles clench and unclench on your throbbing dick. She can't help
but be quite pleasured by the sex, and it shows, as she begins pulling her waist
back as you withdraw and pushing her waist forward to meet your every thrust.
You close your eyes and push yourself into her as far as possible as you explode
once again in her, dumping you load inside her a second time. Shortly after, the
tickling proves to be too much for her and she passes out, becoming a limp body
that no longer responds to your torture. You withdraw from her and begin to put
your clothes back on. After all, you have a long day planned for her, and she
should rest for now.

Now fully clothed, you leave the room, switching off the light just before
closing the door.

-End

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Keep an eye out for this story's sequel, "Relentless 2", sometime
soon. It follows the same events through the eyes of the girl, rather than the
kidnapper.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





