BDSM Library - Tina-S




Tina-S
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Teen Daughter is conditioned by her Parents to be the property of a future Master.
Tina S

I am smiling because I know about her past and what I have planned for her
future. Her name is Tina or Tina S  as her parents have called her since birth.
What they did not tell her what the S stood for, Of course it stood for slut.
She is a very lean, almost anorexic. She only weighs 90 pounds. She has been
raised to be very lean she eats very little. She has always been very active so
her metabolism is very fast.

A Corset has constricted her Waist that her parents have made her wear since she
turned 10. So now here she is at age  18(legal) with the waist of a 10 year, old
not even 15 inches around. They also injected her with a special growth hormone 
that made her breast grow. So when she turned 16 she had 40dd breast. Her
nipple's have been pierced since age 14 and they  have given her thicker rings
for each breast cub size she gainned. So now she has very thick rings in her
breast.

They made her wear heals on her very dainty feet. She never was allowed to be
flat footed even in the shower she was made to wear heals of at least 4 inches.
So by the time she turned 16 she could not walk flat-footed with out pain in her
calves.  She was very comfortable in 5-inch spiky pumps. They also kept her feet
constricted so she had very small feet.

Her evil sadistic Parents also conditioned her to be very submissive. Through
the use of negative and positive reinforcement, they conditioned her to there
needs. Whenever she acted willful she was punished severely, with a belt a hand
what ever was handy. And when she did some thing submissive they rewarded her
with a massage or a new toy to stimulate her with. It did not take long for her
to be very obedient almost dependant to the extreme.  She craved her parent's
attention and  when she did not get it. It was almost like she was going through
a drug withdraw.

They came from the east were a daughter was a second-class citizen so they
raised her that way. What they wanted was for her to be a slave to her husband. 
One that they choose for her, and they expected a very nice price for there
daughter. They homed school her to limit her exposure to the western culture.

Her parents did not believe in incest, although they used her they never took
her to completion. But they did stimulate her and kept her in a heightened state
of sexual stress. They exposed her at a very young age to the mechanics of sex
and the finer activities that could be enjoyed.

They showed her bondage, discipline, pony play, oral and anal. They taught her
about her body and there's. 

They raised her curiosity and her sexual stress.

She would read magazines and the Internet. And have questions they gave her free
access to Sexual toys.  Then one day her mother came to her naked. Her parents
did not hide from their daughter their sexual side so it did not come as a
surprise to her that her mother was naked. It was a common thing for her to see
her or her father naked.  She also has seen them engaged in all forms of sexual
play. They let her watch many times.

Her mother came and said that she needed to prepare her for this evening. But
did not tell her what was to  happen this evening. She gave her a bath. She also
resaved her pussy. It was really not necessary she had been keeping it bare
since her 16th birthday when they gave her a few thongs.

Her mother had her kneel down and put her head to the floor of the bathroom so
her ass was raised in a submissive way.  She knew what was coming with dread.
She felt a cool lubricated finger in her lower hole. Then she felt it. She was
very  tight down their and her mother told her to relax and breath in and out.

She did and she allowed her mother to put one then 2 fingers in her ass. She
stared to relax and her mother removed her fingers and quickly shoved a bardex
nozzle in her ass.

It was quickly inflated inside her so she could not expel it. Then the outside
was also inflated. She was just getting  used to the feeling when she felt the
room temperature water begin filling her. At first only a quart then her mother
let her expel it. Tina got back down in position and her mother gave her a Quart
and a half. She started to cramp and her mother massaged her lower adamant to
relieve some of the cramping. It worked and she was allowed to expel it was
almost clear this time. Only one more enema to go before they were done Her
Mother gave her another enema this time 2 quarts.  She cramped badly and her
mother had to message her more firmly this time. Tina was able to take the rest
of it in.  Her mother told her to hold it for a half hour. She clamped the
bardex and then left the room.

Her mother knew that her Tina would do as she was told with out question.
Because she was conditioned to be submissive Tina cramped badly this time but
found relief when she rolled over and the water were able to flow through her
lower  intestines. Her belly looked like it was about to pop.

Just when she could not stand it any longer her mother came back in and helped
her on to the toilet and she was  allowed to expel it.

Her mother helped her up and brought her to the bedroom.

On the bed was a new Corset with garter holds, Black Hose and new Heel's with at
least 6 inches.

But what intrigued Tina was the collar, leash and the enormous but plug that was
on the bed.

She knew what it was having seen it in the magazines that she was allowed to
read since an early age but what was interesting was how high the collar was. It
was at least 6 inches high. It was black and looked like it did not have any
seam or lock on it at all, Just a ring in the front of the collar. Where the
leash would clip onto to the collar.

The but plug was black smooth and tabard to a full 3 inches around down to a
half inch then back to a 3 inch flange so it would not disappear inside her.

Tina was very worried that it would not fit and was beginning to panic she did
not want to disappoint her parents. Her mother knew this and calmed Tina down
told her to relax she would help her with it and every thing else.

What Tina did not know that this was not your every day but plug. It was
specially designed to deliver a shock of varying  intensity to her posterior at
the command of the one holding the remote control ring. It also had an
attachment in the base for an optional clip for her clitoris. The but plug was
based on cellular technology. So wherever she was in the country her owner could
reach out and touch some one.

Her mother helped her put on the corset and helped her put on the hose making
sure the seams were straight. Then she put the new 6" heels on and locked them
on her feet with a small padlock the shape of a heart.

Her mother took the key and placed it around her neck. The corset was very
tight,  even tighter than she was used to. All she could do was breath in very
shallow breaths.  Her Mother Took the But Plug and applied lube to it and her
ass.  She then firmly pressed it in. Tina felt it plunging in her ass and get
wider and wider then when she thought that she could not take any more it slid
in. Her mother told Tina that she would wear the but plug permanently.  It was
only to be removed when she had to go to the bathroom, and then only with her 
parent's permission.

Her mother took her over to a mirror and what she saw shocked her.  What Tina
saw was a very sexy young adult with a very narrow 14-inch waist with very 
large breast. She liked what she saw. Like a human Barbie doll.

Her mother then took the collar and placed it around her neck. It was very tall
and forced her to always look  straight ahead. Her mother then took the same key
and locked it closed. Tina felt the collar. It was smooth and had no seams it
only had the ring in the front and on the side there was a small plaque that
read:

TINA Slut Property of_______. There was a space for a name to be filled in also
with a start Tina realized what the S stood for. Slut, My god I'm a slut. My
parents have made me a slut, A Fuck toy to be auctioned off to the highest
bidder. Her mother smiled and said that yes Tina you are a slut and you are our
retirement fund. She then clicked the leash to the collar and led the panicking
Tina to the living room.

She was told to kneel and wait for her dream date to show up. Her parents sat on
the couch and talked about their plans for the spring. Where they wanted to
retire. Thanks to the money that by selling their daughter could gain. Just then
the doorbell rang Her mother told Tina to stay kneeling and went to the door.
Her mother welcomed in Mobius. She said welcome master Mobius. You have met
Henry at the golf club and I am Tina's mother. And of course this is Tina Slut
the reason you came tonight. Mobius walked over to the trembling Tina Bid her to
rise. He had her assume a spread position so he could inspect her.  Like he
would a prize Pet. He took the leash from her mother and led her to her bedroom.
I hope you don't mind if I take her for a test drive.

Her mother said not at all.

Tina was led off looking at her parents then pulled in the direction of her
bedroom.

When they reached her bedroom Mobius looked at her and caressed her arm then
felt her constricted waist. He looked into  her eyes. She could not look into
his eyes because of her submissive conditioning. She had to look away, the wall
his shirt but not  the eye's.  Mobius took hold of her chin and forced her to
look deeply into his piercing green eyes. Her legs felt week. She almost dropped
to her knees. But had the inner strength to hold her sell up. He kissed her
deeply, with his probing tongue Forcing into her mouth he took position of her
sole.

Tina knew from that moment she belonged to Mobius. He possessed her.

Mobius took her to the bed and had her lay down on it face down. She was bent
over it. The bed was old fashioned and  was higher than a normal bed. It was
just the right height for a spanking or a skunking. And he intended to do both.

Mobius took her arms and with the handcuff's he attached her arms to the
headboard of the bed. He then caressed her ass for a bit. Tina relaxed and was
getting aroused. Then playfully slapped her right cheek, She squeaked he
continued to caresses then slap her left ass cheek caresses then slap each time
her level of excitement  got higher and higher. After about 30 minutes her ass
was red as a lobster and her pussy was dripping like the ocean.  Then he started
to rub her pussy around her lip's not touching her clitoris. Getting her to the
point of release then  Slapping her ass. This went on for another 30 minutes.
Tina was now panting as much as her corset would let her. Rub Slap Rub slap rub
slap it went on and on. He would cares her large breast, Gently pull on her
nipple rings. The effect was devastating to her. She was sweating and panting
clenching her ass to bring a release to her self but none would be found.   Then
when He could not take any more he moved looked at her tiny waist dropped his
pants he stroked his hard member for a  minute. Then took the head and rubbed it
up and down over her pussy. Tina tried to push her self on to his member but it
was not  to be. She was begging crying for relief but only when he was ready was
she to get hers.

When Mobius thought that she could not take any more did he grab her 15-inch
waist and put the head of his cock in her  entrance. Tina pleaded with him to
thrust his cock into her but he wanted to here her say it.

Tina in a small whimpering voice said please. Mobius said please what. Tina said
please Mobius. Mobius said I did not  give you permission to use my name. You
will refer to me as master or sir.

Mobius pinched her clit quickly and then released it. Tina cried out when she
almost peaked but then it was gone. He said I have not given you permission to
come Tina. I want to hear it. And he started to bring her back to the edge of
ecstasy  only to slap her back down. Over and over this happened.  Until finally
she said please master please use me. With that he thrust himself into her inner
being. Tina came instantly. Mobius continued to thrust into her over and over
pounding into  her cervix over and over. Mobius grabbed her waist and used it
for leverage pounding into her relentlessly. He released into her and clasped on
top of her until his member softened and slipped out of her. It was at this time
that Tina knew that Mobius owned her body and soul. Mobius knew that Tina was
very trainable and would make a worthwhile investment.

They slept in that position for an hour enjoying the afterglow. Then Mobius got
up cleaned up and walked out to talk to the parents.

An offer tenderd and  was accepted. Tina was released to the custody of Mobius. 

This was not a marriage.

It was more like buying an exotic car.  Tina S was now property of Mobius. Tina
was 18 and an adult. But she was made to  sign a contract that also contained
power of attorney granting Mobius legal custody of Tina.

Tina was led into the garage where in the center was a cage. She was led into
the cage and the door closed with a bang and  a lock clicked home.  Mobius
rolled the cage into a small cargo van. And closed the door. Leaving Tina in the
dark not knowing what was her fate.

To be continued 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mobius


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





