BDSM Library - Attitude Adjustment




Attitude Adjustment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive lady learns she needs to work on her attitude.
Attitude Adjustment
By The_Punisher97408

I am in the mood to ravage you the moment I walk in, but you're not there when I 
get there.  I'm irritated.  I look for a note...nothing.  You are going to pay 
for this tonight.

I watch a little tube, grab a bite to eat.  As I get up to pour myself a coke, I 
hear your car pull up.  I know you've been shopping, which I generally don't 
mind, but you know that you need to get my permission first; you know you need 
my permission for almost everything you do.  If you walk in, disrobe, and kneel 
at my feet without being prompted, I might have some mercy on you.  But you 
don't; you try to pretend like nothing was unusual...like obedience to me is not 
a requirement.  That is a mistake.

I think to myself, "Is that an attitude she just gave me?  Oh no she didn't!"

As you walk away, I calmly put my coke down, follow after you, and when I catch 
up to you just outside the bedroom door I grab you by your hair, jerk your head 
back, and pull you to me.  You momentarily struggle, but when I spin you around 
so you can see the look on my face...looking deeply and sternly into your 
eyes...you know that you need to show your most submissive posture.  You 
immediately put your hands behind your back, thrust your breasts out toward me, 
and spread your legs just past shoulder width in a display of submission (you 
know how rock hard I get when I see you in this position).

I move in close like I'm going to kiss you, but I don't.  You eagerly prepare to 
be kissed, but all I do is let my lips touch yours as I begin talking to you.

"Shopping?"  I say.

"Yes Sir"

"I didn't get a call, did I just miss it?"

"No Sir"

Your breath increases as I begin to tease your lips with my tongue while I 
speak.

"So you now feel like you don't need my permission to not be here ready to serve 
me when I arrive?"

With a little more angst, "No Sir...I mean yes Sir...I mean, I know I need your 
permission Sir."  You begin to rock your hips a little; you can already feel the 
spanking you are going to receive.  Your pussy is wetting.

"So you just decided to disobey me."

"No Sir...I wasn't thinking Sir."  Your eyes start to beg.

"Awwww," I say in a very patronizing voice, "you weren't thinking?"  I am 
teasing you, and you know it.  I love talking to you this way, like I'm talking 
to a child with a 'booboo'.  Well you know what I'm going to do, little 
submissive girl?"

"What Sir?"

I lean in and whisper in your left ear, "I'm going to punish you."

You start to writhe your hips, grinding the air like a wanton slut who can't 
wait to be touched.  "Oh Master," escapes your lips.

"I'm going to dominate you," I continue while you moan, "I'm going to make you 
understand just how submissive you really are.  You need a lesson, don't you?"

"Yes sir, please, I need to be dominated.  Please Sir."

"You clearly need to be trained to obey me better, don't you?"

"Oh yes Sir, I need training Sir, please."

"You need to understand just what a nasty little fuck-slut you are, don't you?"

"I am a nasty slut, Sir.  Please, make me display that to you.  I want to show 
you how submissive I am.  Please Sir"

I reach with my other hand and begin to handle one of your tits, palming it, 
pulling it roughly.  "Oh, I know how slutty you are. I bet your pussy is already 
dripping wet, isn't it?"

"Yes Sir"

"Isn't it?!"  PINCH

Loudly, "Yes Sir, my pussy is wet Sir!!" you answer.

"I think I want to check for myself."  I pull your head back, bend you at the 
waist, and lead you bent over into the bedroom by your hair.  "Get your ass on 
the floor!"  I say as I push you to the carpet by your head.  You kneel 
immediately and your face goes to the floor near my feet.  I get on one knee and 
begin to roughly rip your clothes off your body, "Get your clothes off slut!" It 
doesn't take long until you re completely nude and vulnerable, just how I like 
you.  Like a good little slut, you keep your back arched, forcing your ass as 
high as it can go in this position, but as I start to spank your cheeks, I see 
you begin to wiggle your ass and hump the air, wishing there was a cock inside 
you. 

"That's right, my little slut-slave, you wish I was fucking you right now, don't 
you?"

"Yes Sir," you moan.

SPANK "Don't you?!"

"Ye-ess Sir!"

"Well, lets just see how slutty you really are" I say as I let my free hand 
slide down the crack of your ass, lightly circle around your pussy, running once 
over your clit which makes you buck a little, and then sliding down between your 
outer lips.  You spread your legs a little more and arch your back, trying to 
make your pussy as inviting as possible.

Without warning, I shove my middle finger deep into your begging pussy, you let 
out a deep moan.  "Aww, look how wet you are," back in my patronizing voice. 
"You are such a naughty little wet slut, aren't you?" I begin to slide my finger 
in and out of your pussy.

"Yes Sir, I'm a slut Sir.  MMM"

"Of course you are, because only a little slut would be this wet, isn't that 
right?"

"Yes Sir, I'm a slut; I'm a nasty little slut-slave." You say aggressively (and 
I love sluts who are aggressively submissive).  In your voice, I can hear the 
orgasm that wants to emerge.  Your breathing is quick-you are panting.  You 
begin to do your best to grind with my finger.  I am amused at your brazenness. 
I begin to quicken the pace of my finger until I hear you coming close to the 
apex you desire.

"That's right, show me what a slut you are, go get that orgasm.  You want it 
don't you?"

"Yes Sir, please Sir,"  You breathe out.

I begin to furiously thrust my finger in and out of you.  You wiggle your ass 
trying to keep pace.  "You want to cum, don't you?"

"Oh yes...please Sir, please...please"  You can barely speak, I know you are 
ready to explode.  But I am punishing you.

"I don't think so."  I pull my finger out, you whimper.  I shove my pussy-
drenched finger into your mouth, and lean into your ear.  "I'm going dominate 
you tonight."  You moan as you suck on the finger I offer you.  "I'm going to 
humiliate you, make you crawl, make you beg. Just for my amusement, just to let 
you feel how submissive you are.  Do you hear me?"  You nod and whimper.  "Your 
pussy and ass are my play toys tonight, you naughty little slut."

I straighten back up, pull your head up so that you are on all fours, reach 
between your legs, and begin to spank your clit with my fingers.  "Cum for me, 
slave."  SPANK, SPANK, SPANK.  "Cum all over my hands, show me what a naughty 
little slut-slave does."  You begin to buck wildly, moaning open-mouthed.  "Cum 
like a nasty little girl...right now!"  Every slap of my finger-tips against 
your clit makes you buck in a jerk-like motion, arching and bridging your back, 
taking you one step closer to the release you want.  I flatten my hand so I can 
now spank your entire pussy; you now feel the slap covering the entire area-your 
clit, your puffy pussy lips, and the whole surrounding area.  "Cum for me, slut-
cum while I spank this naughty [SPANK] little [SPANK] pussy [SPANK]."  With the 
last sentence and simultaneous pussy-spanking your muscles tense and your moans 
turn to short, blasting screams as you reach the apex of your orgasm.  The 
inside of your pussy begins to contract, you bridge your back and lean into my 
thighs, rocking your head back and forth, pulling at the grip I have on your 
hair.

"Thank You Sir."  You know that I want you to thank me for every orgasm.  I can 
feel my dominance; my cock is pushing at my pants, struggling to be free.

Before you're finished with the last orgasmic twitch I stand and pull you to 
your knees; you instinctively put your hands behind your back and thrust your 
tits out, presenting them to me the way I like.  "Pull my cock out, slave." "Yes 
Sir," you say as you quickly, but with care, undo my pants and pull out my 
growing member.  After it is free, I take a hold of the shaft.  You open your 
mouth and present your tongue.  "Look at those hungry eyes you have, you must 
want this big beautiful cock, don't you?"

As I slap it across your face, popping it on your tongue a few times, letting 
you taste it, smell it, anticipate it in your mouth. "Yes Master, please. Please 
Sir, I want it."

Without warning, I place it on your tongue and force your face toward my pelvis, 
burying my cock deep in your throat.  You gag a little, but I hold you there an 
extra moment.  Not to be sadistic, just to express dominance.  After a short 
moment, I pull your face back, leaving just the head in, letting you work your 
magical tongue on my now sensitive cock.  I let you play a moment (you know how 
good this feels), then shove it deep in your mouth a second time.  "Look at me!" 
You struggle to keep my cock in the recesses of your mouth and still raise your 
eyes to meet mine; it is hard for you to see me being so close to my pelvis. 
With the glimpses you get you can see in my eyes the sexual desire your 
obedience brings out in me.  You begin to make a sound-a low moaning hum.  It's 
a combination of a desire and the struggle keeping my cock so far in the back of 
your mouth.  "Suck it good little slut-girl...that's a good girl."  You do your 
best, but it's hard with my cock so deep.  I see how hard your trying and decide 
to have mercy on you; I begin to slide your head back and forth, fucking your 
face with my cock.  You do your best to please me, but without thinking, you 
take your eyes off mine.

I pull your face off my cock and, with it dangling in front of you, tilt your 
head back and sternly say, "didn't I tell you to look at me?"

"Yes Sir," you whimper.

"Did you forget?"

"No Sir.  I'm sorry Sir, I just looked away."

"Sorry?  Crawl over and get my riding crop."  I push you to your hands and 
knees, swat you a good one on the ass, and send you crawling to the closet where 
my wide headed riding crop leans against the wall. You crawl as quickly as you 
can, lean in, pick it up with your mouth, and crawl back.  When you reach me, 
you sit back on your knees, put your hands behind your back, and push your chest 
out.  "Up here," I say as I motion for you to rise to your knees.  You 
immediately rise up so I can take the crop from your mouth.  I grab your hair 
with one hand and shove my bobbing cock into your mouth again, this time only 
about half way in, and start to guide your head quickly in a fucking motion.

"Suck my cock!"  [SLAP]  The flat-ended riding crop strikes your ass cheek. 
"Suck it harder!"  [SLAP]  "That's right you nasty little slut-slave, suck that 
cock like you want it!"  [SLAP, SLAP, SLAP]

"You like this, don't you slave?"  [SLAP]  You nod without breaking your sucking 
rhythm.  "I bet you'd like to play with your clit right now, wouldn't you?" 
[SLAP]  You nod again.  "Wouldn't you?!"  [SLAP]  You nod harder and suck 
harder.  [SLAP]  "Rub that pussy, show me just how much of a little slut you 
are!"  [SLAP]

Your hand immediately moves to your clit and you begin to furiously rub it while 
I continue to spank your ass with the crop.  It only takes a few moments before 
your sucking turns into deep inhales and exhales around my cock.  [SLAP]  "Aww, 
you want to cum, don't you?"  You do your best to nod in agreement.  "Alright, 
cum for me, right now!"  Your hand is moving as fast as it can on your clit as 
your body starts to buck and writhe.  Your face tenses up and you open your 
mouth to let out a loud scream, muffled a little by the presence of my cock.  At 
the climax of the orgasm, your body jerks hard.  At that moment I pull my cock 
out of your mouth, push your face to the floor, and continue spanking your ass 
with the crop.  "Cum again, right now!!"  [SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP]  "Cum for 
me!"  Now, face down and ass up you continue to rub your clit.  [SLAP] "Finger-
fuck your pussy, slut!  Now!!"  [SLAP]  You bury your fingers deep into your 
pussy, using your palm to manipulate your clit. [SLAP]  "Cum!!"  [SLAP] "Now!!" 
Your frantic fingering brings you to another spasm-filled orgasm as you writhe 
and undulate at my feet.

I can tell you are spent and I let you catch your breath for a moment while I 
gently stroke my fingers over your back...but only for a moment.  "On your 
feet," I say, pulling you up.  You rise, and I turn you facing away from me, 
lean in to your ear, and say quietly, "I'm not through with you yet."

I bend you at the waist and lead you by your hair out of the bedroom, down the 
hall, and to the "TV room."  To anyone else, it looks like a TV room, and often 
it is, but when the mood strikes, which happens quite a bit, it is the 
playroom...and you are about to be played with.

"Kneel."  You immediately drop.  I let go of you and go to the locked cabinet, 
pull out my keys, and unlock it-fur-lined wrist cuffs, spreader bar, wooden ping 
pong paddle, leash, vibrating back massager.  "On your feet, slave."  I look 
into your beautiful, becoming re-aroused eyes; I pause to take in your beauty 
for a moment, reach up, and stroke my fingers across your cheeks.  You 
immediately stand in the position that I like; you present yourself to me.

"Turn."  You turn around.  I approach you and begin kissing your shoulders, up 
your neck, and down your spine.  My hands slide across your skin, feeling you 
from just above your knees all the way up your back. With a slight push on your 
arms, I indicate that I want you to clasp your hands on your head so that I can 
feel you easier.  I feel the goose bumps rise on your skin.  After a few 
moments, "give me your wrists."  You unclasp your hands and present them to me 
behind your back, allowing me to easily clasp on the wrist cuffs.  I go to one 
knee and secure the spreader bar to your ankles, wide, but not too wide.  I swat 
you on the ass and say, "turn around."  You turn slowly, struggling against the 
physics of the spreader bar.

Once you are facing me, I begin to toy with your bouncing tits.  I love playing 
with them, and I love watching you react when I do.  I lift them, let them drop, 
pull on them, lick circles around the nipples, blow cool air on them, flick the 
nipples with my tongue, and eventually suck hard on them (but only after I make 
you beg for it, you are such a nasty little submissive).  Once again, you are 
writhing your hips, wanting action on your pussy.

After thoroughly sucking on your tits, feeling your undulating body, I lean my 
face into yours, take a nipple in each hand and pinch, and lift you to your 
toes.  While you are dancing on your toes, I kiss you deeply; the kind of kiss 
that says "I own you."  When I break the kiss I step back, keeping a good grip 
on your nipples, and say, "that's is, on your toes little slut.  Now follow me, 
come on."  I pull on your nipples toward me, making you scoot along on your toes 
trying to navigate with the spreader bar.  You must make short little pads as I 
guide you by your nipples in the direction I want you to go.  I am amused by 
your struggles.  You are so obedient.  I am so amused by it I make you move 
around the room, just so I can see you try to keep up on your toes.

But you come down off your toes, you let your heels touch the floor, I begin to 
slap your tits.

SLAP  "Didn't I tell you to keep up on your toes?"

You spring back up, "Yes Sir."

SLAP  "Didn't I TELL you to keep up on your toes?!"

Louder, and with more submissiveness in your voice, "Yes Sir, you told me to 
keep up on my toes.  Yes you did, Master?"

SLAP, SLAP, SLAP (Your tits jiggle so much when I slap them, my cock is raging 
hard)  "So you're just going to disobey me now?!"

"Ohh...No Master, it was an accident,"

SLAP "I don't..."  SLAP "...care about..."  SLAP "...excuses..."  SLAP "...I..." 
SLAP  "...only..."  SLAP  "...care..." SLAP  "...about..."  SLAP "...obedience!" 
SLAP  "Do you understand me?"

"Yes Master, yes.  I'm an obedient slut-slave, Sir.  I am going to obey, Sir. 
Anything you tell me I will obey."

I grab your nipples again, "come this way."  I now move a little faster than 
before, you struggle to keep up to the pace I provide you.  We get underneath 
the hook on the ceiling and hang the loop end of the leash on it.  I bend you at 
the waist, grab your cuffed wrists and lift your arms up, pull the leash 
through, and lift the clasp high secure it to a loop on the leash, leaving you 
bent, legs spread, ass out, tits hanging, with your arms reaching upwards behind 
you.  I step back and take in your submissive beauty. I walk around you a few 
times in silence, letting my fingers trace over your exposed skin.

I then pick up the paddle, walk to your left side and face you, put my left hand 
on your back, lay the paddle against your ass, and start rubbing it in slow 
smooth circles.  You feel my complete dominance over you; you begin to breathe 
hard and your ass instinctively starts to wiggle slightly.  "That's right, 
little submissive," I say, "I'm going to paddle your ass."  You're wiggling and 
breathing increases as I continue, "I'm going to spank this ass of yours until 
it is red hot, and then I'm going to spank it some more.  Do you hear me?"

"Yes Sir," you whimper.

"Aww, I can tell how much you want this.  You want to be spanked, don't you?"

"Oh, yes Sir, I need your punishment.  I've been so naughty."

"Yes, you have.  You're a naughty little slut, aren't you?"

"Yes Master, I'm a naughty, nasty little slut, Sir"

SPANK "That's right."  SPANK "You're a naughty little slut-slave,"  SPANK "and 
you need your ass..."  SPANK "spanked!"  SPANK

"O-o-o, yesss"

I continue to paddle your ass good, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, telling you how bad you 
are, SPANK, SPANK, telling you how submissive you are, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, 
telling you how much you need to be punished.  SPANK, SPANK, you begin to 
violently writhe and moan.  Your body begs me to touch your pussy.  SPANK, 
SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK.

Finally, after your ass is red hot, I drop the paddle and shove two fingers deep 
into your dripping pussy.  You let out a loud moaning scream and immediately 
begin to do your best to hump my fingers from this awkward position.  My cock is 
as thick and hard as it can be as I watch this display of utter submission and 
sluttiness.  I begin to spank your ass with my free hand.

"That's right, hump my fingers slut.  Show me what a nasty little thing you are. 
You want my domination so badly, don't you?"

"YES!" you scream, "Please, dominate me, I need your control!  Rule over me; 
make me submit!  Please Sir!!"

As you approach your orgasm, I pull my fingers out briefly, "Oh, you want to cum 
for me?"

"AAAH, yes Sir, please!"

I enter you again, but only briefly.  "I didn't hear you."

Louder, "Ple-eease, Sir!  Please, please, please!"

I continue to tease you, keeping you close but not giving you the release. "Aww, 
your just a begging little slut, aren't you?"

"Yes Sir, Please Sir!  Please, Sir, I'm  slave, a nasty little fuck-slave who 
begs to be dominated and fucked!  Please Master, please let me cum. Ple-e-e-e-
se!!"

I thrust three fingers into your drenched pussy, and let my fourth drag over 
your clit and I finger-pound you in and out.  With the other hand, I begin to 
spank your ass cheeks.  "Cum for me, you naughty little slut, cum right now!" 
SPANK  "Right Now!!"

You explode all over my hand, jerking violently at the chain that holds you up. 
"Thank you Sir!"  Your knees bobbing up and down as you submit to my command.

But I'm not done, "Cum again, slut!"  I continue my aggressive pussy 
manipulation and ass spanking assault.  Almost immediately, the next orgasm 
grabs you.

"Thank you Master!"

While the words are coming from your mouth, I am undoing the chain that holds 
you up.  I take you to your knees, your face goes to the carpet, and I thrust my 
tongue deep into your exposed ass, grinding my face between your ass cheeks, all 
the while still maintaining my three-fingered assault of your pussy.  You begin 
grunting and squealing like a trapped animal.  It only takes seconds for yet 
another orgasm to rush up on you.  "Thank you Master, thank you!" you grunt out.

While you are feeling the vibrations of the last orgasm, I quickly undo the 
spreader bar and wrist cuffs so that I can position you on your hands and knees 
better.  As soon as I have removed them, I pull you to all fours by your hair 
and begin to slap my cock against your already extremely sensitive, pouting 
clit.  You jump with each slap.

"You want this cock, don't you?"

"Oh, yes Sir," you struggle to say through the jumps I am causing you with each 
cock-to-clit contact.

'This naughty, little, pouting, cunt wants to be fucked doesn't it?"

"Yes Master, please fuck me, please!"

I increase the force and the speed of your clit spanking.  "Such a naughty cunt, 
isn't it?"

"Yes Master, please fuck this nasty cunt.  That's what I need, that's what I'm 
good for.  I've got a naughty, submissive cunt that wants your dominating cock. 
Please, Master, Please...please...please!!"

"If you want this cock, then you need to cum from this cunt spanking," I say as 
I continue to slap my shaft flat against your clit. Within seconds, you are 
yelping with each contact until you go over the edge and cum again.

"Thank you Master"

Before you get the words out, my cock is buried deep into your pussy and I am 
fucking you hard.  I yank your head back with one hand and begin to spank your 
ass with the other.  You start to rise again almost immediately.

"Cum for me slut..."  SPANK "...cum for me right now!" You cum and say thank 
you.  I stop spanking you and shove my thumb into your ass.  "Again!"

"Yes Sir!"  You cum again.  "Thank you Sir!!  Thank you for letting me be your 
fuck-slut Sir!"

I have complete control of you; this cunt will cum as many times as I let it, 
and we both know it.  You whimper as I pull out of you (I love that submissive 
little whimper you have).  I grab the vibrating back massager, turn it on, and 
immediately place it on your clit.  It happens so fast you almost jump out of 
your skin.  You cum immediately, "Thank you Sir!" Keeping it pressed against 
your cunt, I place my hand on your back and guide you into the exact position I 
want, you know what's coming.  You cum again.  "Thank you Sir!"  Your ass is 
mine.  It's not often I fuck your ass, only when I think you need to feel extra 
submissive, like tonight.  I require no begging this time, I place myself behind 
you.

"Spread your cheeks"  You reach back with both hands and spread your ass 
cheeks...and hold, waiting for my cock.  I don't make you wait long.  I place my 
cock at the entrance of your ass and, with a slow but continuous thrust, slide 
my cock in deep.  You feel my dominance.

After a few strokes, I hand you the vibrator and tell you to use it on your 
clit.  I grab your hair with one hand, spank your ass with the other, and fuck 
your ass while you vibrate your clit.  I let you cum three more times before I 
shoot my load into your ass.  We collapse on the floor in a sweaty mess of 
flesh.  I let my cock stay in your ass until it is spent, and I hold you.

The_Punisher97408@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The_Punisher97408


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





