BDSM Library - Fallon's Anal Agony




Fallon's Anal Agony
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bad man kidnaps three pretty girls. Bondage, spanking, whipping, forced lesbian humiliation, and, of course, anal rape.
	The following story is intended for adults who are not offended by
descriptions of punishment and rape. It is intended only for persons who do not
confuse one's liberty to think with one's license to act.




Fallon's Anal Agony



By Vidi Vici Veni



Comments may be addressed to vvvcomment@yahoo.com



	Were he not a professional, Kurt would have been embarrassed by the
cliche of capturing cheerleaders for punishment and rape. But he had his
reasons.

	Kurt felt it was more entertaining to work with girls who knew each
other before Kurt encouraged them to acquire a much more intimate knowledge of
each other. They also had to be beautiful and in good shape, of course.

	The most efficient and least suspicious way to find girls who met these
qualifications was to go to a football game at a big college campus. The
cheerleaders knew each other, displayed their wares nicely, and were identified
by name in the programs. It was one stop shopping for a man like Kurt in a crowd
of thousands of strangers.

	One day he chose Fallon, Alicia, and Jenn.

	A few weeks of careful planning (and a few hours of skillful action)
later and they were his.



*	*	*	*



	Kurt had taken the three pretty girls, one at a time, and brought them
to the place he had prepared for the purpose of subjecting his captives to
degradation, punishment, and rape. The girls now were arrayed before him,
tethered and terrified.

	Kurt examined them again.

	Jenn, only 18, was slim and short with medium sized breasts. He curly
light brown hair hung only to the bottom of her neck. Her face was pretty, her
skin slightly tanned. She was a tight package, though not hard muscled, with a
pert little rump.

	Alicia, 20, had long straight raven hair. Taller than the other girls,
she had pale skin and dark eyes. Her tits were a C-cup, and her slim waist
flowed into womanly hips and a nicely rounded ass.

	Fallon, a 21-year-old blonde beauty, was Kurt's favorite. Her face had a
thin nose and clear skin and was framed by golden blonde hair that was permed
into twists. Her body was almost perfect: large breasts rode above a narrow
waist with a flat stomach, while muscular calves and thin thighs climbed up into
a prominent ass.

	In his surveillance on Fallon, Kurt had learned that she had performed
bit parts in a soap opera. Fallon also smiled all the time, or at least had
until Kurt had her bound and naked.

	Each girl was on her knees, gagged, blindfolded, and collared with her
wrists bound behind her back and her ankles shackled to a spreader bar which was
chained to rings in the floor. Each could hear Kurt moving on the concrete floor
and must have heard the girlish sniffling and muffled sobbing of her fellow
prisoners.

	Jenn wore only white high-heeled shoes with lacy frilled pink ankle
stockings. Thin but inescapable leather cuffs encircled her wrists, ankles, and
throat.

	Alicia wore spike-heeled black leather boots that came up to just above
her knees. Her handcuffs, shackles, and collar were stainless steel.

	Red pumps, white silk stockings, and a garter belt around her waist were
Fallon's only clothing. The pumps had heels so high that Kurt doubted Fallon
could stand in them, but Kurt had no plans for Fallon that night that required -
or permitted - her to stand. Her leather restraints were wide and black.

	After watching the girls squirm, Kurt decided to begin. He removed first
Fallon's then Alicia's blindfolds. Their shocked first look at Kurt, tall and
hard muscled, wearing a black shirt, trousers, and hood, brought about a look of
terror on their faces. Further shock appeared when each girl recognized the
other two as friends. 

	Only Kurt's cold blue eyes could be seen through the hood, and he turned
those eyes first on Alicia, then Fallon. He allowed his eyes to travel from toe
to head of each girl, finally locking eyes with each prisoner after having
rudely explored her nude body.

	Kurt moved suddenly, making Alicia and Fallon flinch, but his movement
was towards Jenn, who was still blindfolded. Kurt untethered her ankles, pulled
her to her feet, and pushed Jenn to a sturdy metal office chair that was set
into the concrete only five feet in front of Alicia and Fallon. Kurt pushed
Jenn's hips against the back of the chair, then bent the girl over it. Using a
thin chain, Kurt attached Jenn's collar to the chair, then fastened her shackles
to the outsides of the chair legs. The girl was almost doubled over, fasted
tightly over the chair, arms bound behind her back, cute butt high in the air.

	First looking to see that his captive audience was paying attention,
Kurt raised his right hand high and brought his palm down hard on Jenn's left
buttcheek. The blow resounded off the concrete walls of the chamber, as did
Jenn's gagged yelp. Kurt's hand rose and fell against, hard, on Jenn's right
buttcheek. Alicia and Fallon heard Jenn's muffled grunt. They could clearly see,
in the spotlight that shined from the ceiling onto Jenn, a glowing red handprint
on each white globe of Jenn's bottom.

	Kurt looked into the eyes of Alicia then Fallon once again to make sure
they were beginning to understand the full consequences of being a pretty young
girl in Kurt's custody.

	They felt terror.

	For her part, Jenn felt not only the sting of the two hard slaps on her
rump, but the sting of humiliation. Especially after Kurt's hand fell a third,
fourth and fifth time on her ass, Jenn shamefully realized the truth.

	At 18 years of age, she was getting a spanking.

	As Kurt's palm slapped Jenn's cute butt again and again, Jenn yelped
into her gag and struggled against her uncomfortable position. She too was
terrified. She had no idea where she was or what was happening. She knew only
that she was being spanked by a strong man. And she was naked.

	After delivering twenty swats to Jenn's now reddened ass, Kurt moved to
stand so that Jenn's head was directly in front of him. Taking a firm grasp of
Jenn's hair in one hand, he pulled the blindfold away with the other. Though the
slats in the back of the chair and between her own spread legs, Jenn saw that,
five feet behind her bare butt, knelt her two friends, Alicia and Fallon, bound
and gagged also. Jenn could see nothing about her captor.

	Kurt quickly replaced the blindfold as burning shame brought a blush to
Jenn's cheeks.

	Now that Jenn knew she had close friend in attendance to witness her
degradation, Kurt continued Jenn's spanking. Kurt enjoyed slapping one firm
buttcheek then the other, watching as each slap sent ripples of flesh across the
bound girl's bottom. Her ass would swiftly settle back into its attractive curve
in time for Kurt's hand to swat it again. He sensed the humiliation Jenn was
feeling at being punished like a little girl in front of her friends.

	As Kurt's palm continued pounding on Jenn's posterior, Kurt enjoyed
hearing the girl's stifled yelps of pain. And then, because he was the sort of
man whose cock grew harder as a bound girl's screams got louder and her ass got
redder, Kurt removed Jenn's gag and slapped her butt even harder. Jenn fought
her restraints and pleaded for an end to the spanking that had turned her rump
glowing pink. Tears pooled behind Jenn's blindfold as the pain and humiliation
continued.

	Alicia and Fallon were seized with fright. Their captor seemed like a
machine as he relentlessly swatted their girlfriend's rosy bottom. And worse,
each girl noticed how a tent had formed in the front of the man's pants, which
made chillingly clear the effect that punishing an attractive girl had on this
man, who held three such girls in confinement.

	Without a hint, Kurt stopped spanking Jenn and walked off into the dark
shadows of the room. Jenn hung, sobbing, over the chair.

	When Kurt appeared again, his right hand carried a leather paddle.
Alicia was closest to him, and when he was within a few feet, he swung the
paddle through an arc that landed it across the upper half of her left breast.
The girl squealed into her gag, but the paddle was already moving again. It
smacked into one of Fallon's lovely tits, causing an instant grunt of pain.
Tears sprung up in both girls' eyes even as nasty welts appeared on their tits.

	Kurt moved behind each of the two girls and released the chains that
tethered their spreader bars to the rings in the floor. He then removed their
gags then stood in front of them to Jenn's left.

	Speaking for the first time, Kurt said, "Now you sluts can show your
little girlfriend Jenn what good friends you are to her. I will paddle Jenn's
ass until one of you dykes crawls up to Jenn and sucks on Jenn's cunt."

	Kurt immediately swung the paddle and was rewarded with the sweet crack
of leather across the upper curve of Jenn's buttcheeks, along with the sweeter
screech of a young girl in pain. The paddle rose and fell again, putting another
red mark on the cute girl's rump. Even as the paddle landed for a third time on
Jenn's ass, the crying girl began to beg her friends for help.

	"Please, help me! Oww! Alicia, Fallon! Please... aaghh... do what he
wants! Ooagww! It hurts... aghagh... I'd do it for you! Oh, please..."

	Kurt continued the deliberate battering of the bound girl's buns. He
carefully covered the surface of his bitch's bottom with blows from the paddle.
He started to look both Alicia and Fallon in the eyes between each slap of the
paddle on Jenn's red butt. The girls looked down and let the punishment
continue.

	"Help!" Jenn cried out.

	"You bitches! Aaagh! Come kiss my pussy! Owww, it hurts... help... make
it sto... stop! Aaa...," Jenn yelled between sobs and the gasps of pain that
Kurt's paddle forced from her lips.

	Kurt transferred the paddle to his left hand, then stepped in close to
Jenn's left thigh. He crushed his erection up against the girl's thigh and
gently caressed her crimson bottom with his right hand, savoring the heat
radiating from her sore cheeks.

	Looking at Alicia and Fallon, Kurt said, "You hard-hearted little twats.
You won't eat a little pussy to save your friend. You should realize that you
may find yourselves in similar circumstances, and in need of a friend's help,
soon."

	Both girls shuddered at the thought as Kurt resumed paddling Jenn's
helpless ass.

	It did not take long, however, before Alicia began to move toward Jenn.
It was not easy for her to move, cuffed behind the back with a three-foot rod
spreading her ankles apart, but she slowly crawled by inching her knees forward.
Kurt watched, but continued whacking Jenn's backside until Alicia's face was
close to Jenn's rump.

	"Do it now, bitch, or you'll suffer too!" Kurt ordered.

	Alicia slowly leaned in and touched her lips to Jenn's brown pussy fur.
Fighting her instincts, Alicia pushed her tongue out and slowly licked one of
Jenn's nether lips.

	Kurt smiled slightly behind his mask. This was a pleasure, watching
lesbian sex he had forced upon unwilling girls. He watched Alicia lick the other
cunt lip, then the slit between them. The sight was all the more beautiful
because tears were running down Alicia's cheeks as she tended to her task. Jenn
was too grateful for anything that stopped the paddling to worry that it was a
woman licking her pussy.

	Kurt leaned in good and close to watch Alicia shamefacedly eating Jenn's
snatch.

	"Do you know, I've never licked a girl's pussy. Do you like the taste,
slut? Bet you don't. I wouldn't."

	Kurt stood up.

	"But then pleasing women is not what I'm about."

	Kurt let the cunnilingus go on for as long as he could contain himself.
There was a lot more punishment to be done before he could rub his cum out into
one of his new slave bitches.

	Kurt turned to Fallon and said, slowly, "You've been a bad girl. Bad
girls get punished.

	Fallon began to sob, imagining the pain.

	Kurt seized Alicia by the hair and pulled her lips away from Jenn's
cunt.

	"You've been a good girl," he said, stroking Alicia's long black hair.

	"Too bad good girls get punished too."



*	*	*	*



	After placing Alicia in the proper physical position for her next
ordeal, Kurt relaxed in the shadows of his chamber as he drank Irish whisky and
watched the girls.

	He had raped his first girl when he was an 18-year-old student in East
Germany. The girl, Anna, was a gymnast and 17 years old.

	Anna had been Kurt's girlfriend for only a few months. They were out on
a date one night when Kurt decided, for the first time, that he wished to fuck a
girl up the ass to see what that was like. Anna refused. Even then Kurt, who was
a handsome and popular athlete, was used to getting his way. Kurt subdued the
girl, tied her hands with her stockings, spanked her until she stopped kicking,
then buttfucked Anna while she begged him not to.

	The best thing about raping Anna was that she did not stop seeing him.
He had so frightened her -- and he was so popular in school - that Anna could
not bring herself to stop going on dates with him. She kept seeing Kurt even
though he continued to demand anal sex. In fact, he would not screw her any
other way.

	Kurt dumped her after a couple more months.

	After this experience, Kurt decided that he would never be denied
anything again. With this in mind, he set a goal of joining East Germany's
security service, the Stasi. A bright student, Kurt was a good prospect for the
service and his father, a low-level bureaucrat and Communist Party member, was
able to use his connections to get Kurt a job with the Stasi after he graduated
from college.

	Kurt loved his time with the security service. He was able to pursue his
own ends as long as he did his job. He had become secretly wealthy, had gained a
lot of contacts in the criminal underground, and had a number of false
identities by the time the communist regime collapsed in East Germany. Kurt was
able simply to move to America where he learned how to combine his interest in
abusing women with the skills he had learned in the Stasi to form a lucrative
enterprise.



*	*	*	*



	 Now Alicia found herself lying on her back on a bench that was waist
high. Her wrists were shackled under the bench and her elbows were also strapped
together under the bench. A strap running across the hipbones pressed her hips
down on the bench. The girl's legs were bent back over her body, extended
straight out and spread painfully wide. Her ankles were shackled to bars that
rose at angles from the sides of the bench.

	Because a headrest supported her, Alicia was able to look across her
tits, over her flat belly, and between her widespread thighs. Fallon was
kneeling, chained to the floor in a new spot about six feet away.

	Alicia had never felt so exposed and humiliated in her life.

	Kurt moved to stand behind Fallon. He could see Alicia and, behind
Alicia's head, Jenn, still bound to the chair.

	"Girls, your punishment and abuse here is being recorded from a dozen
angles. You will note I even have a minicam mounted on my head. Men, and even
some women, pay me well for the digital recordings I make from sessions like
this. Among those people are some powerful men in the judicial system, by the
way.

	"I know who you are and where you are from. If I ever get arrested for
what I do to you, the day I'm convicted I have friends who will begin dropping
copies of the DVD into the mail to your family, friends, coworkers, and
strangers in your towns. Some recipients will turn these DVDs over to the police
after seeing your naked bodies punished and violated. Others will keep the DVDs.
For the rest of your lives you'll never know if the man who smiles to your face
in the elevator goes home to jack off again while watching you suffer here
tonight.

	"Worse, and more likely, is if that if I am charged and not convicted, I
will visit you again. And I will be angry during that visit."

	Kurt walked to stand at Alicia's butt. He displayed to Alicia's widening
eyes a riding crop.

	"This may sting a little," he said. Then Kurt snapped the leather loop
at the end of the crop on Alicia's left breast. The girl yelped.

	A red splotch rose on the side of Alicia's tit. Kurt swatted Alicia's
right tit, getting another yelp.

	Kurt's blood engorged cock pressed hard against the front of his pants
to see a squirming bitch stretched open before him. He moved in on Alicia until
his prick was pressing throughout the pants against her splayed cunt. The man
copped the girl's left breast again. Alicia yelped and Kurt could feel her pussy
twitch against his rod. He struck her other tit again. Alicia's twat jumped.

	Kurt began rubbing his hard on up and down along his captive's slit. At
the same time he smartly cropped one then the other of Alicia's big tits. The
effect of this on Alicia was to fill her with further humiliation - she was
crying out from the whipping on her jugs even as her masked torturer was dry
humping her spread snatch.

	Kurt was quite excited by his pretty prisoner's screams and her
struggles. As the crop continued falling on Alicia's tits, Kurt undid the drop
front of his pants and his massive tool sprang forth. Looking across her
red-splotched breasts, Alicia saw Kurt's cock and felt the dread certainty that
rape was near. Looking in Alicia's terrified, teary eyes made Kurt all the
harder. He resumed rubbing his cock up and down on Alicia's shaven cunt lips,
but now he paused on each down stroke with the tip of his rod against the
entrance to the girl's snatch. Alicia winced each time, preparing for the horror
of her captor's dick ramming into her pussy.

	But now Kurt was concentrating on striking the sluts nipples with his
crop. From one nipple to the other then back, Kurt's instrument of correction
played musical yelps with his slave's funbags.

	Then Kurt plowed his cock into his cute captive's cunt. Alicia screamed
out as she watched in helplessness the man who was taking her body by force. The
crop still struck the bound girl's nipples even while Kurt fucked his thick
prick all the way into his prisoner's hot snatch. Dry as it was, this was not
easy for the girl.

	Kurt snapped the riding crop rapidly all over the poor slut's tits while
his prick enjoyed the contortions her muscles went through as she suffered and
screamed.

	But then Kurt stopped beating Alicia's breasts and pulled out of his
tied bitch's twat. Kurt walked to Alicia's head and removed the headrest so that
the girl's head dropped back. The crying girl understood that her mouth was to
be next.

	"Open your mouth, slut!" Kurt commanded.

	Alicia did this, expecting that her captor's cock would be the next
thing in her mouth. Instead, Kurt forced two small rubber triangles into her
mouth, one on each side between her molars. The rubber was attached to thin,
hard plastic wires that came out of her mouth, then bent back along her cheeks.
She could feel Kurt cinch some sort of strap behind her head.

	Alicia could not close her teeth, but could close her lips around the
strange bit the man had jammed into her mouth.

	Kurt took a fistful of Alicia's long black hair to hold her mouth steady
as he held the tip of his tool near it. Then he showed Alicia his other hand,
which held a long leather strap.

	"You'll want to try hard, because I'm going to whip your cunt until I
come."

	Alicia's grunting pleas became an odd shriek as Kurt plunged his cock
into his slave's mouth even as he cracked the strap down onto Alicia's shaven
pussy.

	With his thick rod in the restrained girl's mouth, Kurt whipped Alicia
again on her snatch and again enjoyed the vibrations of her pain filled yelp.

	Alicia at first struggled to close her thighs to protect her tender
twat, but it was hopeless. Through her pain the helpless girl, desperately
choking on a man's cock, started sucking as hard as she could on her punisher's
cock to get him to stop lashing her bare cunt.

	Kurt looked down to take in the sight of his captive straining. Alicia's
flushed face twisted around on his huge hard on, trying at the same time to suck
on it and get in enough breath to fuel her stifled gasps of agony. Her shoulders
rolled as her wrists tugged at her cuffs, her big, whip-reddened tits jiggled,
her ankles pulled at their shackles, and her thighs tensed reflexively trying to
close over her poor stinging scarlet lipped cunt.

	The man kept pumping his tool into Alicia's mouth as he laid into his
weeping slave's spread snatch with the leather. Abusing Alicia had the cum
roiling in his balls and he knew he would have to blow his first load so he
could properly punish Fallon. With this thought in mind, Kurt's piercing gaze
rose from Alicia's welted pussy to lock onto Fallon's terrified eyes.

	Then Alicia's alternating sucking and pain-filled screams drew the first
jet of cum out of his cock to flood her throat. As she choked on this Kurt
pulled his prick out far enough so that the second stream blasted Alicia in the
face. His prick then sprayed another load on the girl's beaten breasts.

	After a final lash at his sobbing victim's cunt, Kurt dropped the strap
and grabbed on to one of the girl's nipples and squeezed while he stood still to
allow his member to drip the rest of its goo onto Alicia's face.

	Kurt was still staring at Fallon.

	"Ahhh," Kurt said, " My next load goes up your ass, bitch."

	Fallon whimpered.

	"But don't worry. After such good head from this whore, it may take some
time for me to get ready again. So you'll have some time to relax... while you
help me get excited again.

	"With tears in her eyes, Fallon squeaked, "Please, no... I'll do
anything... please?"

	Kurt's answer was to move to Fallon, grab her blonde hair, and wipe his
barely softened dick on her cheeks, wet with tears.

	Kurt then moved off into the dark shadows, again, leaving his pretty
prisoners to their physical pain and mental anguish.



*	*	*	*



	Of course, Kurt's rod had stayed mostly stiff. He had found that, when
he was working on naked captives, he never went soft until he had blown jism
into their helpless bodies three or four times. But Kurt wanted to be fully
recharged before he dealt with Fallon and the anal rape he had planned for her.

	Kurt often though of his cock as having a life of its own. It was a
being stirred from slumber by the cries of a pretty woman in pain. Once roused,
his prick feasted on the sounds of a girl's suffering. The creature's single eye
sought out the sight of female tears and reddened female flesh. Once fully
engorged, the monster forced its way far inside its prey in a frenzied rage then
attacked with insane angry lust until it spat its venom contemptuously deep into
the bitch's bowels.

	

*	*	*	*



	Blindfolded again, now Fallon was bent over, her hips resting on a small
stool with a single leg that Kurt had fitted into a deep hole in the floor. A
thin leather strap ran from the bench over her back at the waist, cinching it
tightly to the bench. Her arms were behind her back, her elbows cinched by a
strap and her wrists cuffed together. The cuffs were linked to a chain that rose
up to the ceiling above and held Fallon's wrists far away from her back while
keeping her torso almost parallel to the floor.

	Fallon's thighs were spread wide and held that way by a cuff around each
thigh just above the knee. These cuffs were attached to arms that extended out
from the stool's single leg. Each of Fallon's ankles was cuffed and the cuff
chained to a steel loop set into the floor. Each chain was a foot long, allowing
Fallon to move her feet a bit.

	The position left Fallon with slight freedom of movement above the waist
and below the knees. But from her waist to her knees, Fallon was firmly
restrained so that no effort of hers could budge her upthrust ass or her
widespread thighs in the least. Fallon's shaven cunt lips and little pink
asshole were held immobile, helpless against Kurt's inspection and cruel
intentions.

	First, though, Kurt turned to his blonde cheerleader's tits. The girl's
firm jugs hung below her, jiggling now and then when Fallon sobbed.

	Kurt seized one tit with his left and hand swiftly clamped a shiny metal
clip on Fallon's nipple.

	"Owww!" the bound girl yelped.

	"No, please," she begged.

	Kurt grabbed Fallon's other breast. He squeezed the second of the two
clips on a chain to her other nipple.

	The man let his slave squirm around, adjusting to the bite of the nipple
clamps. It was an erotic sight, not just because a girl clad only in white
stocking and heels was bound, in pain, and at his mercy, but because a second
girl, Alicia, now lay, still doubled over in restraints, with her crotch just
inches away from Fallon's mouth. Kurt's cock pulsed just thinking about it.

	Then Kurt looked at Fallon's superb ass. Its creamy white flesh was
unmarked, as yet. He caressed the soft, smooth curve of both cheeks, feeling the
firm muscle that lay underneath.

	Fallon was already crying. Her breasts hurt from the clamps. She was
scared of the horrors she knew were ahead of her - totally helpless and exposed
under the control of a sadistic rapist. He was touching her shapely butt as
though he owned it. Fallon's backside instinctively clenched as fears of the
anal invasion the man had promised flooded her mind. The girl had never
permitted such a disgusting penetration of her precious young body and she
dreaded the pain she knew it would cause.

	Kurt knew these thoughts would be filling his prisoner's mind. To
further them, he briefly touched the tip of his hard on to the girl's anus.

	"Nooo!" the girl screamed as if his cock had shot out a lightning bolt.

	"Beautiful," Kurt thought, before stepping back slightly to begin
Fallon's first ever spanking.

	Kurt brought his hand down hard on the right asscheek of his beautiful
bound bitch. The slut cried out as Kurt's hard hand was already falling on the
girl's other buttcheek. She could barely yelp before Kurt slapped her sweet buns
again.

	As the man's hand repeatedly struck his captive's reddening ass, Kurt
considered the enjoyment he took in administering a spanking to a haughty girl
like Fallon. Though by no means easy on his tied and crying cutie, Kurt's hand
was less painful than the instruments of correction he would soon use on the
girl. Yet he would not think of denying himself the simple pleasure of feeling
Fallon's bare bottom heat up under his harsh palm. The flesh to flesh contact of
a spanking was intimate - a mark of Fallon's forced submission and a token of
Kurt's mastery.

	The stinging blows raining down on her restrained rump cause Fallon to
yelp and tug fruitlessly at her bonds. She felt so terribly vulnerable trussed
up and unable to resist a forceful spanking. She could not comprehend why a man
would desire to hurt her pretty body and why she was unable to control this man
with her charms as she had all the others in her life.

	Kurt made certain to swat every square inch of his slavegirl's cute
posterior and halfway down each thigh as well. The sound of the slaps on the
girl's springy young assflesh and the whore's constant sobbing were a lovely
music to Kurt's and his thick rod.

	Now that the hard spanking had turned his poor prisoner's bottom red, he
stopped to caress their now hot surface. The shackled prisoner winced to Kurt's
amusement as the man leisurely took in the feel of Fallon's sore butt. He patted
the plump, tender moons affectionately. He owned them.

	Kurt took the next step in Fallon's lesson in discipline. A tawse hung
on his belt. It was a one-eighth an inch thick, two foot long length of leather
that was two inches wide and split into one inch wide strips for the last foot
of its business end.

	Kurt first stroked the moist cheeks of his captive's face to give her an
idea of what was in store for her.

	As her sobs slowed, Fallon choked out, "Please... please... I'll do what
you want... Don't... I'll be good..."

	"Indeed," was all Kurt said to his blindfolded bitch.

	Then Kurt cracked the tawse across both her buttcheeks.

	Fallon screamed as Kurt admired the fierce welt the leather had left on
her skin. It was quite red, with a bit of purple along each edge.

	Kurt struck Fallon's ass again with the tawse. Her scream was even
louder. Kurt enjoyed seeing how the useless effort to avoid pain caused her
cuffed wrists to tug at their chain and how her feet kicked up of the floor to
the ends of their chains. The girl's naked, terribly vulnerable behind stayed
right where Kurt had tied it.

	A third and fourth stroke of the tawse followed. He had laid each stroke
edge to edge, as he intended to leather - and releather - the entire surface of
his prisoner's buttocks. He wanted to see Fallon's entire ass covered in welts
from the tawse.

	And he wanted to hear Fallon scream.

	Fallon obliged Kurt's desire. She screamed like her buns were on fire.
The concrete room resounded with the girl's yelling and the flat "crack" of the
leather on the tied slut's backside.

	But best, for Kurt, were the moments when he allowed Fallon to catch her
breath, because then she would beg.

	"Please, oh please," the weeping cunt said. "Stop, please stop... Don't
hurt me anymore... I can't... can't take it... stop... anything... Please...
I'll do what you want... What do you want?"

	The tawse fell again on Fallon's rump.

	"Aaiiieee!" she wailed.

	Again the man struck the tied girl's behind.

	"Aaaaggh!" Fallon yelled.

	Kurt whipped her saucy, red buns once more.

	"Aaagh! Owww! Oh... please... what... do you... want?" the restrained
slut begged.

	His rod thick with the deviant pleasure he got only from abusing a
helpless sweet young thing in bondage, Kurt answered the girl's question.

	"The answer should be obvious, even to a stupid cunt like you. I want
you to suffer, and so far you are not doing enough of it."

	Kurt now laid into his beautiful captive's sore ass with a flurry of
strokes of the tawse that made it hard for the girl to breathe around her
desperate need to scream. His cruel cuts with the leather quickly turned the
girl into a thrashing banshee who flailed with every muscle against her
restraints, all to no avail.

	When Kurt let his arm drop to his side, Fallon's rump was a shapely
mound of beet red flesh - a source of searing pain to a girl who found herself
still in bondage with a captor who had not yet even fucked her.

	The man was tremendously aroused by the sight of his slim, young,
crimson-assed prisoner sobbing wildly. His cock swelled with pride because Kurt
had taken this girl far beyond the limit of any pain she could have imagined,
and she still had further to go.

	Kurt took off Fallon's blindfold to look at the huge tears still rolling
out of her pretty blue eyes. The first thing she saw was the man's huge prick.
Then Fallon noticed Alicia's whip-reddened snatch just inches from her face.
Fallon could see, across Alicia's semen spattered breasts, that Alicia's
cum-crusted lips still held a gag.

	Fallon realized the man was going to make her lick Alicia's pussy.

	"My cock still isn't hard enough," Kurt said, though Fallon could
clearly see otherwise.

	"To make it harder, I have decided to whip your cunt like I did
Alicia's"

	The girl nearly fainted at the thought. As bad as the whipping on her
ass had felt, she believed she could not survive being whipped on her pussy.

	"Please," she said again, though she realized that a girl's pleading
could only turn this on this man.

	"Please, anything... no," Fallon said.

	"All right," Kurt replied. "You could turn me on in another way. I won't
whip your cunt if you will do a good, thorough job of licking..."

	Kurt smiled to himself.

	"... Alicia's asshole," he finished.

	Fallon choked back the protest that rose up automatically. How could she
lick another girl's anus, she thought. At the same time the captive girl knew
she couldn't endure the alternative.

	"I will," Fallon sobbed softly.

	"You beg to do what, bitch?" Kurt demanded.

	Fallon knew what Kurt wanted.

	"Please, let me lick Alicia's asshole, sir," Fallon said, choking again.

	"You'd better, my little slut, or your cunt will pay," Fallon's captor
said.

	Kurt adjusted the chains attached to Fallon's handcuffs so that her face
was lowered just above Alicia's crotch.

	Fallon looked at the red, raw lips of Alicia's pussy. How it must have
hurt, she thought, much worse than being whipped on the bottom. Fallon knew she
couldn't take having her pussy whipped by this man.

	The blonde pursed her lips and dipped her head slightly. She noticed the
man's hooded face just inches away, blue eyes gleaming, as Fallon kissed her
friend's anus.

	Kurt's hard on thrummed with the lust he felt as he watched his captive
degrade herself. In a matter of hours he had reduced this proud and beautiful
young cheerleader to an ass-kissing sexslave.

	Fallon's mind was consumed with her humiliation and fear as her lips
repeatedly smacked on Alicia's nether pucker. She couldn't believe she was doing
it, couldn't believe that some sick man was forcing her to do it.

	"Now lick it, bitch," Kurt ordered. "Paste your tongue on that whore's
asshole and keep slurping."

	Kurt watched Fallon quickly stick her pink muscle out and press it
against Alicia's little rosebud, then noisily run her tongue over the little
crinkle. Kurt was pleased by the haste with which his prisoner obeyed his
commands in order to avoid pain, even though the girl must know that, despite
obedience, pain would come.

	Under other circumstances, Alicia would have detested having anyone,
especially a woman, do this to her. But now Alicia was too busy fighting to keep
still and quiet, hoping not to attract any more of the man's attention to
herself, even though her body ached from the position she was bound in and her
breasts and snatch burned from her punishment. Alicia felt lucky not to be her
captor's current plaything.

	Shame ate at Fallon as she licked another girl's asshole. Even though
her friend's anus seemed clean the musky smell and taste, even the wrinkled feel
of it on her tongue repulsed Fallon. Just the mere thought of what she was doing
nearly made her vomit. Over and over she lapped at her friend's little hole.

	She regretted very much that she had been too proud to kiss Jenn's
pussy.

	To avoid seeing what she was doing - and seeing the way the man's blue
eyes and mini-camera inspected it - Fallon closed her wet eyes.

	A stern pinch on the side of one of her tits made Fallon gasp and open
her eyes.

	"If you try to ignore me, then I'll have to try harder to get your
attention, slave. Stick your tongue up her ass!" Kurt commanded.

	Choking down a sob, Fallon made her tongue into a hard little dart that
began to probe Alicia's butthole, desperately trying to work its way in.

	Kurt watched in amusement as his bitch slowly wormed her pink muscle
into Alicia's backdoor. Forcing this vile task on this girl did to her
self-worth what the good, hard spanking had done to her ass.

	He watched a little longer as Fallon's tongue washed Alicia's asshole,
but Kurt's enormous erection was pulling him towards its sheathing in the
unwilling girl.

	The man walked behind Fallon. Again he toughed the tip of his pole to
the rosebud between the young slut's buns.

	"No," Fallon moaned.

	"You're right, girl," Kurt said. He squatted down on his haunches.

	"We need a before and after close-up shot for you're video audience,"
Kurt said.

	With his hands he spread the girl's assheeks wider and allowed his
forehead-mounted camera a leisurely inspection of the bound girl's anus. Fallon
squirmed because the mere touch of his hands on her whipped butt hurt.

	The girl's little pink pucker had been perfectly visible before Kurt
parted her buttocks further, but he knew how this extra indignity would add to
his captive's humiliation.

	Kurt said, "This girl's name is Fallon Saville. She is a 21-year-old
cheerleader. She does not want me to fuck her up the ass. I won't, for now.
Despite all I've done to her and even though - as you have seen - she was a good
little lesbian ass-licker, she hasn't yet made my cock hard enough to forcibly
penetrate her anus."

	"So," Kurt continued, "This is Fallon's asshole before I beat it with a
riding crop."

	Fallon sobbed.

	"Ohh, no, please, no!" she cried.

	Kurt stood up. He'd left the riding crop nearby, where it would be
handy. It was three feet long, ending in a half-inch side leather loop.

	Fallon jumped when Kurt merely touched the loop to its intended target
to measure off the distance.

	"Please, don't," the Kurt's captive moaned helplessly.

	"This should hurt," Kurt said.

	Taking careful aim, Kurt snapped the tip of the crop down between the
restrained bitch's buttcheeks directly on her asshole.

	The helpless girl screamed. Kurt smiled and waited until his victim
settled down.

	Then Kurt lashed Fallon's anus again, hard. Her shriek of pain
reverberated in the concrete room - and through Kurt's long stiff cock.

	Using real muscle this time, Kurt cracked the crop down on Fallon's
asshole.

	"Aaaggghhhh!" Kurt's pretty prisoner screamed. To no avail, the
terrified girl thrashed in pain against her unyielding restraints.

	Kurt saw that he had created an angry red dot in the white crevice
between the girl's buttcheeks.

	The man whipped it once more.

	"Aaaiieee!"

	And again.

	"Aaaooww!"

	And again.

	"Ahh-Agghhh! Please, nooo!" the shackled girl screamed.

	Kurt moved to Fallon's head. He was thrilled to see tears pouring down
the sobbing slut's cheeks when she turned to look at him. Her beautiful face was
hot with pain and shame.

	"Please, pleease... no more," she begged.

	Kurt returned to his mark.

	He raised the riding crop and began really laying into his attractive
captive's shamefully exposed anus.

	Crack upon crack of the leather falling on Fallon's tiny pucker sent
bolts of blinding hurt through her ass. She tugged wildly at the bonds what held
her wrists high above her back. To Kurt's delight, Fallon used the small amount
of slack he had permitted her feet to engage in darling, useless little kicks.
Though her efforts to escape made her clamped tits dance for Kurt's pleasure,
Fallon's ass remained firmly restrained and her wounded butthole quite still and
easily found by the crop.

	Hopelessly bound, Fallon dwelt in a vale of tears. Fallon's mind reeled
in horrible fear as Kurt's savage whipping scorched her anus. She was stunned,
in those seconds when she could think, at how cruel the man could be and at how
much he must enjoy hurting her. Alicia's crotch was sopping wet with the tears
and saliva that had fallen from Fallon's face as she suffered under Kurt's harsh
lesson in how a sexy blonde should be disciplined.

	Kurt took enormous pleasure at the subtle chastisement of a girl's
nether pucker. He often considered why he so enjoyed punishing a cute young girl
with an anal whipping. He though perhaps it was because this route had once been
denied him by a foolish girl who had learned better. Or, he thought, maybe it
was just because he was a sadist, and the only thing that hurt a girl more than
forcing an anal penetration on her was forcing that anal penetration through a
whipped anus. Either way, the deviant cruelty of disciplining an attractive slut
by lashing her most private hole filled his member with blood and seething hot
rage.

	And how his cock was pleased by the way Fallon screamed and struggled
against her bonds as Kurt laid the final few hard strokes of the riding crop on
her poor butthole.

	Kurt squatted down again and splayed Fallon's backside once more. The
mini-cam recorded Kurt's handiwork and his eyes feasted on the sight of the
swollen red pucker she would be using so soon. In fact, Fallon's whole ass, from
garter belt to the tops of her stockings, was now crimson.

	"This is Fallon's asshole after I have beaten it with the riding crop,"
Kurt said.

	Kurt slapped both hands down on his prisoner's ass. He knew it was going
to give him a good time.

	Kurt stood, his manhood firm. He allowed a tiny bit of his own spit to
dribble on the tip of his hard on, then he braced it against Fallon's back door.
This stung the crying girl all by itself and she yelped. Kurt listened to her
beg him.

	"Please, sir! Please, don't do it. I'll suck you off better... much
better than that. Just... please... don't..."

	Then, at last, Kurt rammed his rock hard prick into the bound blonde's
virgin asshole.

	Fallon's shriek of agony went nearly beyond hearing as the terrified
girl madly fought to get away from the white hot pain that pierced her anus. She
yanked her arms, kicked her feet, and wriggled her hips trying to escape. Her
sweat slick body even managed to move an inch or two under the waistband, but it
was too late. Kurt's tool was unstoppable and plunging deeper into her ass.

	Kurt watched happily as his thick shaft sank in the tight, tortured hole
between his slave's two whipped buttcheeks. The blonde bitch howled as he drove
more of his rod the wrong way up the girl's one way tunnel.

	The cruel invasion was as obscene as it was painful. Never had Fallon
allowed a man to do such a vile thing to her. Always sex had been on her terms,
but now - with a man's huge prick plowing so painfully into her rump - Fallon
felt weak and pitiful. She screamed and screamed, but nothing she could do would
prevent this man from doing what he wanted to her pretty body.

	Kurt had to lean into his task. It was not easy for force a thick,
seven-inch long,  barely lubricated cock into the tiny, whipped asshole of an
unwilling, desperately struggling 21-year-old girl. Her tight anal tube clutched
at his tool, yielding each millimeter bitterly. Her efforts to keep him out were
exciting Kurt far more than if Fallon had tried willingly to get him off.

	Kurt listened to his pleading victim again.

	"Stop! Please, please... Aaghh!... Stop it! It hurts! Oh, please, get it
out... Take it out...uh, uh... Please... Oh, it hurts so much!"

	Kurt smiled and forced the last inch of his dick home in the shackled
and screaming slut's beaten ass. He pushed her head forward to smother Fallon's
screams momentarily in Alicia's crotch.

	His with his pulsing tool painfully filling the cute behind of a
punished girl, Kurt proudly regarded his dominance of the pretty coed. Her saucy
rump, trim thighs, narrow waist, heaving tits, and beautiful face - they were
all his.

	And no pleasure could be greater, Kurt thought, than raping an
attractive young girl by tying her down and teaching the suffering bitch how to
take a man's cock up her ass.

	Kurt dragged his prick almost all the way out of his victim's abused
anus, then jammed it back in, all to the sound of her pleas and screams. Huge
tears of pain coursed down Fallon's cheeks while her captor built up the speed
with which he reamed out her narrowest passage.

	Kurt's hard hips slammed again and again into Fallon's welted bottom.
Only Kurt's fanatic will kept Kurt from blowing his load. Though near his peak,
Kurt was driven by the need to degrade - and torture - this little blonde bitch
with a prolonged, brutal buttfucking. With each stroke of his cock, he pumped
suffering and humiliation up his beautiful prisoner's ass.

	Her once tight sphincter stretched horribly, Fallon gasped for air as
she sought to survive the barbaric assault on her rear. She could not believe
she had been spanked and whipped, forced to lick ass, and now suffered anal
rape, yet Kurt's horrid tool was pistoning in and out of the girl's tight
asshole. She yelled, pleaded, cried, and struggled, all to no avail.

	Kurt could not hold much longer. He had earned this.

	The man drew the full length of his tool out of Fallon's ass. Then, just
to feel once more the joy of forcing a cruel anal penetration on a restrained
blonde slut, Kurt drove his prick all the way home into his cute prisoner's
whipped asshole. When he heard the weeping girl's shriek of agony - saw the
helplessly shackled young cunt's tawse-reddened buttcheeks squirming around the
cock that was driving into her tortured anus - and felt the poor girl's spasming
asshole suck hard on his manhood -- then Kurt let his cum start jetting out,
steaming hot and dominant, into the ass of his well-punished bitch in bondage.

	Fallon kept screaming as her captor fucked his jism deep into her
helplessly splayed rump. His cum seemed to burn as it boiled out of his prick,
filled her butthole, and spurted out of her asshole. He was able to pound even
harder into her bottom now that it was lubricated by the generous load of semen
he was dumping into her ass. It seemed never ending agony for Fallon and endless
bliss for her master.

	Finally, Kurt stood still, letting the last of his cum seep into his
victim's butt. He slowly pulled his cock out of the crying girl's asshole. Kurt
gave Fallon's butt a hearty slap.

	"Now that's what I call a good piece of ass," Kurt declared.



*	*	*	*



	Drinking Irish whisky again, Kurt admired his girls. All were aching in
their restrained poses. Fallon's weeping was broken by an occasional racking
sob.

	He would entertain himself with them for another six hours or so. At the
end he would force them to give each other douches and enemas followed by ice
cold showers in chains.

	He would drug them, pack them in a van, and they'd wake up in a motor
lodge, the kind with cabins. It had already been reserved over the telephone
using Fallon's credit card. The key would be left out for a late check in after
the night manager went to sleep..

	Once the girls punished and used, he could check in on them from time to
time.	Kurt believed that his twisted lust would eventually get him caught. Yet
his cock would have its way. Even now it was not soft. Kurt looked at it. It was
a mess. He needed to clean it off.

	And Jenn had a cock-cleaning mouth if he had ever seen one.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vidi Vici Veni


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





