BDSM Library - The Slave At Home




The Slave At Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A housewife agrees to be sold into slavery to help her family out of financial difficulties. Her husband has to cope with his wife's new lifestyle and her daughter wants to get into the act.
The Slave At Home



MDS/003L5





	Scott Rhodes watched his wife and daughter descend the stairs. They were
laughing, their eyes sparkled with anticipation. They had rushed through supper
and hurried upstairs to prepare for their evening out while he washed the
dishes. He waited at the foot of the stairs listening to them giggle as they
fixed their hair and makeup.

	Rose, his wife, was  thirty-six and still lovely. Her waist was a little
thicker than when they married, but her breasts were large and full and firm.
Their daughter Cathy was a pretty seventeen year old with a slender body and a
sweet innocent face. Both were flushed with excitement. Both were nearly naked.

	Rose wore a black leather corset,  black panties, black stockings and
high heels. Cathy wore a red bustier and panties, white stocking and red shoes.

	"How do we look, Dad?" Cathy asked.

	Scott didn't reply. He opened a closet door and looked at an array of
leather cuffs and collars hanging neatly on the back of the door.

	"Black for me and red for her," his wife told him. He nodded and buckled
black leather cuffs onto his wife's wrists. She turned her back and placed them
together. He locked them with a small padlock.

	"Do you want the arm cuffs too?" he asked.

	"Of course," she replied. His daughter giggled. He buckled cuffs above
his wife's upper arms  then snugged them together until her elbows were
touching. He knelt and buckled cuffs on her ankles.

	"Don't forget my collar," she reminded him.

	Wordlessly he held up several. She tapped her foot in thought for a
moment. "The big one."

	"Are you sure Mom?" Cathy asked. "Its going to be hard to suck their
cocks wearing that thing."

	"I'll manage," her mother said.

	Scott buckled the collar around her neck. It was over three inches high
and very stiff. It forced her chin up and she couldn't turn her head.

   	Scott motioned his daughter close and buckled red leather cuffs on her
wrists.

	"Tighter, Daddy," she said impatiently. "You always put them on too
loose." He tightened the buckles, then put her ankle cuffs, arm cuffs and collar
on.

	"Hobbles, Daddy. Don't forget the hobbles." He knelt and clipped a short
brass chain to his daughter's ankle cuffs. A silver chain complimented his
wife's black leather.

	The women looked at themselves in a full length mirror. 	

	"Do you think we should lose the panties?" Rose asked her daughter.

	"Can't you wait till we get there?" Cathy giggled.

  	"It will just save time when we get to the master's house," Rose said
reasonably. "They'll just get torn off of us anyway."

	"I thought you liked that," Cathy said impishly.

	"Well, , ,  yes I do," Rose admitted.  "But we'll let your father
decide."

	"Don't ask me," Scott said gloomily. His wife and daughter smiled at
each other.

	"Ok Daddy, take our panties off please," Cathy said.

	Scott unclipped their hobbles, slid their panties off, then reattached
the chains between their ankles.

	"Its time to go," he said



	Scott opened the door and followed them out to the car. They walked
proudly to the master's limousine parked on the driveway. Scott cringed when he
felt the neighbors' eyes on them. Everyone on the block knew that his wife and
daughter were the master's slaves.  He opened the back door and they wriggled
onto the seat. He got behind the wheel and drove away.

       His wife and daughter whispered and giggled the entire trip.

       "I don't think your dad likes having to put us into our bondage things,"
Rose whispered to her daughter.

       "Poor Daddy," Cathy whispered. "Just wait till the master tells us to
wear pussy chains."

       Scott heard every word.

      

	A block from the master's house Scott picked up his chauffeur's cap from 
the seat and put it on.  He was already wearing the black chauffeur's livery.

       He stopped the limo in front of the house.  e already wore the black
livery of a

	Two burly men in suits were waiting. They watched him open the door and
help his wife and daughter out. They nodded approvingly at the women. They drew
chain leashes from their pockets and clipped them to the women's collars

	"You haven't fucked your wife today, have you?" one of them asked Scott.
"Mister Richards doesn't want you to fuck her when he plans to use her."

	"No, I haven't," Scott answered.

	"What about your daughter?" the other one asked. "I hope you haven't
fucked her either."

	Scott's temper flared. "Now you listen to me, , , !"

	"Relax Scotty," the man interrupted grinning. "I'm joking."

	Scott's wife laughed. "He doesn't get to fuck me at all anymore," she
told the men.

              "No kidding?" one asked.

	"Nope, all he gets to do is masturbate now that I belong to the master,
but I do let him look at me while he does."

	"Mom, you are terrible," said Cathy laughing.

	"Jeez," said one of the men. "Poor bastard."

 	The men motioned for Rose and Cathy to enter the house. Rose kissed her
husband on the cheek. "Don't wait up for us dear, I'm afraid we'll be here all
night."

	"Yeah," one of the bodyguards said. "We'll call you in the morning when
Mister Richards is finished with them.

	"Good night Daddy," Cathy called to him as they were led into the house.





	Scott fumed as he drove home. Six months ago he had been out of work and
desperate for money. He was behind in bills and creditors were calling every
day. It wasn't a new situation. Scott had been in debt all his life. He never
managed to hold a job and Rose had supported the family on her earnings at the
Richards Corporation where she worked as a receptionist.

	They had just finished a long argument over finances. They had talked
themselves out. The anger had passed and Rose was blinking back tears of
frustration when she made a suggestion.

	"I think I can ask my boss for a personal loan," she said. "Mister
Richards is always very nice to me. Perhaps he will help us out."

	Every bank in town had refused them credit. Scott had little hope that
Richards would give them a loan, but it wouldn't hurt to try. He told her to go
ahead and ask.

	Mister Richards listened to Rose's request, then told her that he would
think it over. He told her to bring Scott to his home for his answer. She was no
fool and was expecting the loan to come with strings attached, but she was
desperate and tired of worrying over money and was ready to agree to almost
anything. Besides, Mister Richards was a handsome man, and her husband was as
much a failure in bed as he was in the rest of his life. She brought Scott to
the meeting and wore her sexiest outfit.

	He agreed to the loan but his conditions were even more than she
expected.

	"I'll loan you all the money you need to get out of debt," Richards told
Scott. "Interest free and no payments will be required so long as you are
willing to perform a small service for me."

	"What would that be?" Scott asked.

	"I'll want your wife to visit my home from time to time in the evenings,
probably every week."

	"For what purpose?"

	"For entertaining me and my guests."

	"Oh? We aren't talking about sex here?" Scott demanded.

	"Sure we are, but not just sex. I like kinky sex and she will have to be
my sex slave."

	Rose felt her pussy throb. "What would I have to do?"

	"Anything I want," Richards said, "but it primarily bondage, spanking
and whipping."

	Scott jumped to his feet. "Now just a damn minute!" he shouted.

	Rose grabbed his arm. "Its all right," She said. "I haven't agreed to
anything yet."

	Richards looked at them calmly.

	"Scott, give me a minute with him," Rose whispered to her husband. "I
can handle this."

	Scott glared at Richards but left the room.

	"I want you to know that I don't consider you a prostitute," Richards
told her. "I don't normally buy women, but you are very beautiful and I've been
attracted to you for a long time. I see this as an opportunity to help your
family and satisfy my own fantasies about you as well."

	"What sort of fantasies?" she asked.

	"Come with me," Richards said. He led her through a door way into a
torture chamber. The room was filled with stocks and pillories, chains whipping
posts and cages.

	"Oh my God!" she whispered.

	"Have you ever been fucked while tied up?" he asked. She shook her head.
"Ever been spanked or whipped or tortured?"  Her head was shaking from side to
side. She was terrified, confused, intrigued.

	"That's what I want to do to you," he said. "The first time I saw you I
pictured you tied naked on my bed. That's my price. Talk to your husband, think
it over."

	Her pussy was tingling when he took her back to the office.

       "Can I have a moment to think?" she asked. He left her alone.

       Rose was very confused. She felt that she ought to be offended, yet the
large amount he offered was flattering. He could buy as many women as he wanted,
but he wanted her. And she was excited by the idea of being tied up by him.

       She wondered if her husband would refuse Mister Richard's offer. Would he
protect her honor? Would he throw the money in Richard's face and march out,
head held high? Partially because she wanted to accept, and partially to see if
Scott would refuse, she decided to suggest that he go along with the deal. She
called him into Richard's study.	

	Despite his flare up, Scott was too weak to object. He mumbled that she
wouldn't have to do it very long. As soon as he got on his feet he's pay back
the loan. She knew that he would never pay it off.  She was saddened, but not
surprised that Scott was willing to sell her go to another man.

       They told Mister Richards that they accepted his offer.



       Her shame disappeared  on her first night as Mister Richard's slave. She
experienced wonders of sex and bondage that she never knew existed.

	Mister Richards had ordered her to strip, then he tied  her spread wide
on his bed and fucked her like she had been fucked in her life. Richards was
strong, virile, and imaginative, and Rose experienced a wonderful orgasm.

	She expected to be sent home after Richards fucked her, but her evening
was just beginning. He put her through hours of different bondage positions and
spankings and whippings. For the first time in her life she experienced multiple
orgasms. By the time Richards finished with her she was exhausted and contented.

	At home Scott demanded to know what had happened. She tried to downplay
the evening's events to avoid embarrassing her husband, but he pressed her. She
put him off for several days but finally, one evening she blew up and told him
everything in detail.

	They were finishing dinner, Cathy was out and Rose told Scott how every
time Richards whipped her she had an orgasm, how that nipple clamps drove her
wild, that crawling naked on his floor with a leash at her neck was delicious
humiliation. As she talked she grew aroused. Her nipples hardened and stood
visible through her shirt, her pussy tingled. She left the table and ran to the
bedroom. She stripped off her clothing and masturbated. She was rolling on the
bed, legs wide apart, her fingers rubbing her pussy when she opened her eyes and
saw Scott watching her. Perversely that excited her even more. She looked her
husband in the eyes and masturbated until she came. Scott watched in silence.

	Rose expected to feel guilty for humiliating her husband but
surprisingly the memory of him watching was exciting. She began teasing him. She
wore sexy clothing, skin tight blouses, short skirts, and no underwear. She
delighted in seeing his pants bulge when he watched her.

	They still slept together and even made love, but Scott was a poor
substitute for the dynamic Mister Richards. She discovered she enjoyed teasing
her husband more than letting him touch her.

	Cathy noticed the change in her mother. At first she kept quiet but one
night she over heard her mother on the phone to Richards. He called to tell her
to be at his place the following evening and was telling her in detail what to
expect. Cathy picked up the phone the same time her mother did and heard every
word.

       Talking to Richards made Rose very excited. When she got off the phone
she went to her bedroom and masturbated. She was lying naked on the bed when she
heard the door open. Thinking it was Scott she didn't open her eyes. She spread
her legs wide and played with herself until she came. "Did you like watching?"
she purred, thinking Scott was watching. "I was fantasizing about being whipped
by Mister Richards."

       "Ok Mom, what's going on?" Cathy demanded.

       Rose opened her eyes and gasped in shock. Cathy was standing in the
doorway, not her husband. She grabbed the bedspread and covered herself.

       "Cathy get out of here," she squeaked. 

       "Not until you tell me what you are up to," her daughter said. "Who is
Mister Richards?"

       Rose broke down and told her daughter everything.  She watched Cathy's
face expecting to see disgust, but Cathy surprised her. She hugged her mother.

       "I knew something was going on between you and Dad," Cathy said. "But I
didn't think you were having an affair."

       "Its not really an affair," Rose said. "I guess I'm a whore now. I've
sold myself to a man."

       "It sounds like Dad sold you."

       "Well, , , we both agreed to do it."

       "I think you like it," Cathy said.

       "Why?" Rose asked.

       "You've been happy all of a sudden, but Dad isn't," Cathy said. "And I'm
not blind Mom, I've been watching you tease him with those sexy new clothes.
Does this Mister Richards order you to do that?"

       "No, that just came about on its own," Rose confessed. "I let your father
watch me masturbate one night and it really turned me on."

       "I can't say I blame you," Cathy said. "You thought it was Dad when I
opened the door?"

       Rose blushed. "I thought he was watching me."

       "Well, you were very sexy. You ought to work in one of those peep show
places."

       "What do you know about those places?" Rose demanded, astonished.

       "I've heard about them," Cathy said. "I over heard some men talking about
them at work. The hot girls make really big tips. I bet you'd make a fortune."

       "Cathy!" Rose was scandalized but laughing. 

       Cathy flopped on the bed and put her chin in her palm. "Tell me more
about this Mister Richards. Does he really whip you?"

       "Yes he does."

       "And you like it?"

       "Yes."

       "Wow! I want to hear all about it. Tell me everything."

       Rose decided that the door to her secret was open. There was little point
in hiding anything from her daughter. She told Cathy everything. Cathy was
enthralled.

       Cathy started helping her mother prepare for her visits to Richards'
house.  She did her mother's hair and makeup and helped her dress, then sat up
waiting for Rose to come home and tell her all about the evening.

        Scott cringed inside when he found out that his daughter knew and
approved of her mother's slavery.


       				CH2

      

       Rose had an orgasm the first time she was whipped. Mister Richards
increased her torture over the weeks. She was whipped harder and harder with
larger, more painful whips. She endured bravely and grew to delight in the
severest floggings. Sometimes she came home with welts on her body. She showed
them proudly to her husband and daughter. Sometimes the welts didn't fade for
days.

       One morning Scott saw his wife sitting naked on their bed. Cathy was
rubbing lotion  into the  whip marks on Rose's back. They were talking quietly.

       "How did you get these?" Cathy asked.

       "Mister Richards hung me by my wrists and whipped the daylights out of
me," Rose replied. "How do you think I got them?"

       "I meant what kind of whip did he use," Cathy said.

       "Oh, it was a cat of nine tails," her mother told her. "Its made of red
leather."

       "That's why I asked," Cathy said. "Because the marks on your legs are
different."

       "Uh huh. Those came from a horsewhip. One strand of leather. Its very
long and burns like hell."

       "And you hate it, right?"

       "Oh, absolutely," Rose laughed.

       "Does he have a lot of whips?"

       "Dozens," her mother told her. "Some are scary, really scary. So far he
hasn't used them on me, but I'm sure he will someday."

       "What do you mean, scary?"

       "He has huge bullwhips that look like they would tear my skin off," she
said. "And a wicked little one that drives me wild."

       "How?" Cathy asked

       "Its made of thin rubber strands that sting like hornets," Rose told her.
"But its where he whips me with it that is really evil."

       "Where's that?'

       "He whips my pussy," Rose said.

       "Oh my God!" Cathy squealed. "Your pussy? Doesn't that hurt terribly?"

       "It sure does," her mother said. "Its so terrible that I'm ready to come
as soon as I see him pick it up." They shrieked with laughter.

       Scott listened outside the door for a while, then shuffled quietly away.

      

      

       Rose told her husband that Mister Richards might have a job for him. She
told him to call the office and Richards' secretary would schedule an interview.

       Scott wasn't sure that he wanted to work for the man who was fucking his
wife, but he was curious about the job, so he made the call.

       Richards offered Scott a job as a courier.

       "You will deliver messages in a van, drive guests to and from the airport
in my limo and make yourself available for other duties as I see fit," Richards
told him. The pay he offered was very generous.

       Scott had intended to speak his mind about Richards and his wife, but at
the mention of the salary he gulped and accepted the job.

       Scott was issued a chauffeur's uniform and told to wear it at all times.
His duties were undemanding, and he spent much of his time in the employee's
lounge waiting for something to do. After he had drawn several paychecks he was
called to Mister Richards' office.

       "I'm satisfied with your work so far," Richards said. "So I'm going to
add an important duty. I have a female sex slave who comes to my house on
occasion. She has been driving herself, but because she is often very tired at
the end of the night I'm afraid she might fall asleep behind the wheel on her
way home. I want you to start driving her to and from my house."

       Scott went white. "I believe you are speaking of Rose Rhodes, my wife."

       Richards looked at him in mild surprise. "That's right, you are her
husband, aren't you?  I had forgotten."

       Scott glared at him.

       "Well, that will be very convenient," Richards said. "You may take the
limo home on those evenings, drive her to my house, then take her home when
we're finished."

       Scott stared at Richards for a moment, then lowered his eyes. "Yes sir."

      

       A few days later a large box was delivered to Scott's house. Cathy opened
it and removed dozens of restraint devices. There were leather cuffs and collars
in varying styles and thicknesses, there were handcuffs, manacles and chains,
ankle hobbles and blindfolds, bondage hoods, ball gags and penis gags and pony
girl bit gags. Cathy was enthralled by then and was sitting on the floor
surrounded by them when her father came home.

       "What's all this?" he asked.

       "Mom's master sent them," Cathy said. "She told me to expect them. From
now on he wants her to wear them to his house."

       "Her master?" Scott said incredulously.

       "Sure. That's what she calls him now. That's how it works. She's the
slave and he's the master."

       "Doesn't this bother you?" Scott asked his daughter.

       "Heavens no, Daddy. I think its sexy."

      

       The next time Rose went to Richards' house Scott was waiting to drive
her. The gray limousine sat in the driveway. He sipped a cup of coffee listening
to Rose and Cathy laughing upstairs.

       He stared when she came down. She wore only her underwear, stockings and
shoes.

       "You ought to get dressed," Scott told her. "Its time to go."

       "This is as dressed as I get," his wife said. "From now one my master
wants me to arrive looking like a slave, I think that means wearing as little as
possible."

       "Did he specify this?" Scott demanded, pointing at her body.

       "I think Mom should go naked," Cathy said.

       "Actually I think he wants me naked," she answered. "But he didn't make
it clear so I'll wear panties and a bra tonight. I'm sure he'll let me know if
it's too much."

       "Yeah, maybe he'll punish you," Cathy laughed.

       Her mother smiled and shrugged. "Master likes to tear my underwear off,
so I'll probably come home naked anyway."

       She turned to her husband. "One other thing, looking like a slave means
wearing restraint devices, so I need you two to buckle these thing on me." She
indicated the cuffs and collars.

       "Which ones?" he asked.

       "Mom and I picked these out this morning," Cathy said, handing him a
matching set.

       Scott fumed silently as he and his daughter buckled the cuffs to his
wife's wrists and ankles and neck. She insisted that he lock her wrists behind
her back. When she was satisfied that everything was correct he draped a coat
over her shoulders and opened the front door. Rose followed him toward the limo.
Just outside the door she winked at her daughter and shrugged her shoulders
dropping the coat to the ground. Cathy stifled her laughter as her mother walked
serenely across the lawn in her underwear. Scott didn't notice until they
reached the car. He gasped when he saw her and quickly shoved her in the back
seat.

       Cathy went inside and spread all the remaining restraint devices out on
the living room floor. She stripped naked and spent hours trying them on.

       When Scott brought his wife home at midnight they walked in the door and
found Cathy lying face down on the carpet in a hog-tie. Her wrists were locked
behind her back, her ankles were drawn up and locked to her wrists. She wore a
leather blindfold and a large ball gag.

       Rose was naked and her wrists were still locked behind her. As she had
expected, her master had torn her underwear off and punished her. Her body was
covered in pink whip marks. Her hair was a mess, her makeup destroyed and she
was exhausted, but she laughed when she saw her daughter.

       Scott stared aghast.

       "You'd better release her," Rose told him.

       He unlocked Cathy's wrists and ankles. She removed her blindfold and
looked up guiltily at her parents as she unbuckled her gag, then blushing she
tried to cover her pussy and breasts as she fled to her room.

      

       Scott was furious over Cathy's self bondage. He blamed Rose and they had
a heated discussion. Rose agreed that it wasn't right for Cathy to let herself
be seen like that, but secretly she knew that her daughter was fascinated by
bondage.

       Rose found Cathy nude and bound the next afternoon. Cathy had hurried
through her homework then strapped herself spread eagled to the corners of her
parents' bed. Rose released her and had a long talk about the risks she took.
Cathy listened and nodded politely and let her mother find her bound again the
very next day.

       Rose tried to teach her a lesson. She buckled the largest penis gag they
had into Cathy's mouth, then fitted a bondage hood over her head and laced it
tight. She rolled her daughter into the strictest hog-tie she could manage. She
added leather straps to Cathy's legs, arms and torso and tightened them until
Cathy squealed in protest. Then Rose turned out the lights in her daughter's
bedroom and closed the door. She told Scott that Cathy wasn't feeling well and
didn't want any dinner.

       She left Cathy bound until bed time. At ten o'clock she released her.
Cathy's eyes were puffy and red. She groaned as she straightened her arms and
legs. The bindings had made red lines deep in her skin. She stood and hugged her
mother. "Thanks, Mom," she whispered. "That was wonderful."

        She tottered shakily into the bathroom. She emerged wearing her night
gown. Rose went to the kitchen and returned with cookies and milk.

       "Have you ever had an orgasm just being tied up for a long time?" Cathy
asked her mother.

       I've never been tied up in one position for very long," Rose replied.
"The master changes my positions a lot, and he never ties my legs together.
They're always apart."

       "Too bad, its really cool just being tied up for hours," Cathy said.

       "Yes, I can see how it would be," Rose mused.

      

      

       Rose gave up trying to control her daughter's self bondage. She merely
asked Cathy to promise not to let her father see her bound and naked. Cathy
compromised and agreed not to let him see her naked. Scott sullenly got used to
coming home and finding his daughter in some form of self induced bondage. And
she kept her promise, she was never naked when he found her. However when he
wasn't expected home she undressed fully.  Her mother grew mildly annoyed when
she kept finding Cathy in her favorite position, spread eagled on her parents'
bed.

       "I don't know why you don't do this in your own room," Rose grumbled one
afternoon as she undid her daughter's bonds.

       "My bed is too small," Cathy explained. "I can't spread out enough. Maybe
if you bought me a king sized bed, , ,"

       "I'm sure your father would love that."

       "How big is your master's bed?"

       "Large, very large."

      

       Mister Richards arranged a nice pay raise for Rose, and gave her
permission to take off from her job as often as she saw fit. As her evenings at
his house grew longer and more demanding she was often too tired to work the
next day. Everyone in the office knew that something was going on between them
but Rose didn't care, in fact she laughed to herself that the gossips had no
idea what she and Richards did together.

       One morning she awoke late. Scott was at work and Cathy had the day off
from school. Rose peeked into Cathy's room and wasn't surprised to find her
daughter naked and bound, gagged and blindfolded on her bed. Rose shook her head
and went downstairs. Later that morning Rose released Cathy from her bonds.
Cathy looked at the clock.

       "Why did you release me?" she asked her mother. "Its only noon."

       "Its my turn," Rose said. "I want to see what its like to be tied for a
long time."

       Cathy was instantly enthusiastic. "Ok Mom!"

       They went to her room and Rose undressed. Cathy ran down and returned
with an armful of restraints. "How do you want to be tied?" she asked her
mother. "Spread eagled?"

       "No, I get that at the master's house. I want to try a hog-tie."

       "Cool."

       Rose lay on her bed and allowed Cathy to hog tie her. Cathy used extra
straps and buckled them tight.

       "The first time I did this to you I was trying to teach you a lesson,"
Rose told her daughter. "I wanted you to be so uncomfortable that you wouldn't
do it again."

       "It didn't work," Cathy said. "It had just the opposite effect."

       "I know," Rose said. "I just mentioned it in case you wanted revenge."

       "What do you mean?'

       "If you want to get even you could buckle everything very, very tight."

       "No problem Mom."

       Cathy buckled straps around her mother's arms from wrist to shoulders,
then bent her legs up and locked her ankles to her wrists. She added a heavy
collar and hood. She attached a chain from the hood  ring to Rose's ankles.
Rose's head was forced up.

       "Can you breathe ok?" Cathy asked her mother.

       "Yes, but do me a favor. Tighten each buckle one more notch."

       When Cathy finished, Rose could barely wiggle her fingers and toes. Cathy
locked a gag in her mouth and blindfolded her. Rose reveled in her helplessness
and understood what Cathy had meant about almost coming just from being bound.
Her pussy was already on fire.

       Cathy left her mother and fixed herself lunch. She walked around the
house all afternoon wearing only restraints. She talked on the phone with her
friends, watched television and checked on her mother from time to time.

       She put her fingers in her mother's hand. "Squeeze my fingers once if you
want to be released," she told her. "Twice if you want to stay like this." She
always got two very firm squeezes.

       When it was time for her father to come home Cathy reluctantly ran up to
her room and slipped on a tee shirt and a pair of shorts.  Daddy is such a prude
and didn't like her to walk around naked when he was home.

       She removed her mother's gag. "Dad will be home soon, " she said. "Do you
want to get up now?"

       "No," Rose said. "Put my gag back in and leave me here until bedtime.
Tell your father I said so."

       "Gee Mom, you've been here for six hours," Cathy said. "Don't you want a
break?"

       "No. I'm fine."

       Scott listened impassively as Cathy told him her mother's instructions.
He went upstairs to change. He looked at his wife on the bed but said nothing.

       Cathy made dinner and they ate in front of the television. At eleven
o'clock he went to the bedroom and released Rose. She had trouble standing, her
arms and legs cramped painfully, but she had a look of near ecstasy on her face.

       "Cathy you run along to bed," Rose said. She closed the door and sat on
the bed against the headboard. "Sit on that chair," she told her husband. "And
take your dick out of your pants. I want you to jack off while I play with my
pussy."

       Out side the door Cathy grinned and tiptoed away to bed. She played with
her pussy too.

      

       Several months into her slavery Rose came down with the flu. She was due
to me at her master's house that evening but she was just too sick to go. Cathy
offered to go in her place.

       Rose was dismayed and refused to let her go. Playing with bondage at home
was one thing, allowing her daughter to go to the master was something quite
different. Cathy was adamant.

       "This family has a responsibility to the master," she said. "If you don't
show up he might be so angry that he cancels our deal."

       "Its not your deal," Rose said. "Its your father's and mine. We sold me
into slavery, not you."

       "I know, but I might want to follow in your footsteps someday," Cathy
said. "I might as well get a little experience now."

       "This is not a joke," Rose said. "You are not going and that's final!"

       "Ok Mom," Cathy said. Rose was too sick to notice that her daughter gave
in too easily.

       Cathy made her father dinner, took her mother a bowl of soup and gave her
enough flu medicine to knock out a bull. Rose was soon sound asleep.

       Cathy told her father that she was going to a movie and left the house.
She drove to the master's house.  She stopped a block away and buckled wrist and
ankle cuffs on, then slipped out of her slacks and blouse. Beneath she wore very
sexy underwear. She considered arriving nude, but decided against it on her
first night.

       A large bodyguard stood at the door as she stepped out of her car. She
was very nervous. She took a deep breath and walked up to him.

       "Good evening, sir. I'm Rose's daughter. She's sick so I'm filling in for
her."

       The guard looked her over. "Does the boss know about this?"

        "No sir."

       "I'm not sure if he's going to like it."

       Cathy was frightened. What if they sent her away? "Would you take me to
him please?"

       The guard opened the door and motioned her through. She paused inside and
turned her back to him. "Would you lock my wrist cuffs for me?"

       She felt a deep thrill when his large rough hands grasped her wrists and
snapped the lock..


       					Ch 3

      

       Rose took one look at her daughter the next morning and knew she'd been
to the master's house. Cathy was tired but happy and proud.

       "I didn't want you to have to do that," Rose said to her sadly. "You're
too young."

       "I'm old enough, Mom, "Cathy said. "And its not like I was a virgin."

       Rose knew already that her daughter had given up her virginity a year
before. Cathy had confided in her, but she was still sad to think of her little
girl in slavery.

       "Did the master hurt you?" Rose asked.

       "He sure did," Cathy grinned. "But I survived."

       "Are you really all right?" Rose asked.

       "Yes I am Mom. I was scared at first, but once the master accepted me,
and things got going, I had a great time."

       "What happened?"

       "The man at the door took me to the master. I was wearing panties and a
bra and cuffs. I told him you were sick and I was filling in. He wasn't too
pleased at first and asked me how old I was. He must have asked me ten times."

       "What did you tell him?"

       "I lied and told him I was eighteen."

       "Oh, Cathy."

       "Its only a white lie, Mom. I'll be eighteen next month."

       "I know," Rose sighed. 

       "Anyway," Cathy continued. "I told him that I knew what my duties were
and I was ready to do them. "I don't think he believed me so he put me to a
test."

       "What did he do?"

       "He had his body guard tie me kneeling to a short post and he told me to
suck the guard's cock."

       "Oh dear," Rose said sadly.

       "It was ok," Cathy said. "I didn't mind, in fact I liked it. So did the
guard."

       "What do you mean?"

       "He spurted in my mouth pretty quick."

       "Then what?"

       "Master called in another guard and I sucked him too."

       "There are always two guards on duty," Rose said.

       "Those guards are really big men," Cathy said. "I mean, REALLY big."

       "I know, I know," her mother said. "I've sucked their cocks a few times
myself."

       "After that I got to suck the master's cock," Cathy said proudly. "He
seemed to like it."

       "Good girl," her mother said sarcastically.

       "Then he stripped me naked and spent the rest of the night spanking and
whipping me."

       "Anything else?"

       "Did he fuck me? He sure did," Cathy said. "A bunch of times. I loved it.
I want to go back. Before I left the guard let me take a shower and clean up
before I left. He was really very nice."

       "That's odd," Rose mused. "I never get to clean up. Master always sends
me home messy."

       "Well, I told him that Daddy didn't know I was there and I couldn't go
home covered in cum, so he let me use a spare bath room to shower."

       "That was nice of him. Which one was it?"

       "Gino. And he watched me in the shower," Cathy giggled. "He got turned on
and masturbated while he watched. So I did too. Now I know why you like to tease
Dad."

      

       Rose called the master and apologized for missing her duties. He was
gracious and told her that Cathy had filled in nicely. Rose felt a pang of
jealousy. What if her preferred her daughter to her? She felt better when the
master told her that he would require her as soon as she was over the flu.

       To her disappointment Cathy was not called back to the master's for quite
some time. Her mother continued her weekly visits, and both continued to
practice self bondage at home, but the master didn't seem too interested in
Cathy. Scott knew nothing of his daughter's evening of slavery.

       Several weeks passed until the master told Rose that he was planning a
party and would need her to entertain his guests. He asked if Cathy would like
to come too. He warned Rose that the evening might be very demanding on them
both.

       Rose agonized over asking her daughter, finally though she did. Cathy
squealed in excitement when she heard.

       When the evening arrived Rose came downstairs ahead of her daughter. She
told her husband that Cathy would be going with her. Surprisingly he didn't
protest. Cathy came hesitantly down the stairs. She wore only panties and high
heels.

       "Don't be angry at me Daddy," she said. "I really want to go with Mom."

       "You want to give yourself to this man like your mother does?" Scott
asked.

       "I want to be a slave like Mom," she said defiantly.

       "Your mother has been sold into slavery," her father said. "She arranged
it and I went along. Nothing like that has happened to you."

       "Maybe you ought to auction me off," she said impishly. "I bet I'd get a
good price."

       "Knock it off you two," Rose said. "Buckle us up and lets get going."

      

       The master's party was a night neither woman would ever forget. They were
led in bound and naked and the guests simply swarmed over them. They  were
spanked and whipped and fucked for hours by a dozen men. They spent the last
hour tied over whipping horses being fucked at one end and sucking cocks at the
other. There was simply no way to count the number of times cocks spurted into
their bodies or onto their faces. They were covered with sweat and cum when they
staggered into the limo for the ride home. They were so messy that Scott sprayed
them with the garden hose on the front lawn before allowing them into the house.

       The master called for Rose when he wanted a slave for himself. He only
asked for Cathy when he was entertaining guests or chose to indulge his body
guards. Rose was proud to be his favorite slave.

       Cathy took to slavery like a duck to water. She loved the sex, the
bondage and torture. She fumed at being called only on rare occasions until she
suggested to the master that she could accompany her mother and be used by the
bodyguards. He generously agreed.

        Master allowed his male household staff to use Cathy. Each of the
bodyguards, the butler and the house boy was given a night with her once a
month. Sometimes the master himself would take her for an evening's torture and
give her mother to the others, but it was clear that his preference was for
Rose.

       Cathy was happy to be used by different men. Each had a different
preference and style of torture.  The houseboy was young and gentle, and
preferred simply to fuck her. It was all she could do to get him to tie her to
his bed. He was sweet but boring. The guards were ok, they were all big men and
had learned how to dominate a woman from watching the master, but the English
butler was terrific.

        He was middle aged, stern, unsmiling and unmerciful. He paid no
attention to any part of her body except her bottom. He spanked and caned and
whipped it until she shrieked in genuine pain. She sobbed and begged for mercy
and pleaded for him to fuck her. After several hours he would carefully remove
his clothes, hang them neatly, then fuck her from behind. One evening she asked
him to fuck her in her ass. He told her that no gentleman would consider such a
thing and caned her bottom for asking. He caned her so hard she thought she
would faint. When he changed angle so the cane struck the cleft of her buttocks,
her rectum and pussy, she came so hard and screamed so loud that she rattled
every window in the house. 

       She could not sit down for several days afterwards

      

       The only member of the master's staff left out was Scott. He sat in the
limo while his wife and daughter were in the master's house.

      

      

       Now that he had a second slave the master held more parties. Rose and
Cathy looked forward to them, but were always a little nervous. They never knew
what would happen.

       One evening Scott was driving them home after a particularly wild orgy.
They both were unusually subdued. They didn't speak and avoided looking at each
other. At home Cathy went to her room and closed the door. Rose took a long
shower then went into her daughter's room. Cathy turned her face away.

       "Look, what happened is over with," Rose said. "There's nothing we can do
about it so we might as well try to forget it and go on."

       "I know Mom," Cathy replied. "I'll be ok, I just need some time."

       Scott was standing in the hall. "What's wrong?" he asked his wife.

       "Believe me, you don't want to know," she said, closing Cathy's door.

       "Dammit, tell me!"

       "Scott, please. Don't ask."

       He glared at her. "What happened?"

       She sighed. "The master's guests were very rowdy this evening. After
doing all the usual things to us, they got really creative."

       "Go on."

       She looked at him pleadingly.

       "Go on, I said!"

       "They tied us together and made us eat each other's pussy," she told him.

       "What?"

       She sighed again and spoke slowly and deliberately. "They tied me to the
bed with my legs apart and put Cathy on top of me. A pillow was shoved under my
head which forced my mouth into Cathy's crotch. They pushed her face into mine.
They tied us very tightly and put a rope across the back of Cathy's neck which
prevented her from raising her head. Then they ordered us to lick each other's
pussy until we came."

       "Couldn't you fake an orgasm to get it over with?" he asked.

       "We didn't get the chance," she replied quietly.

       "What do you mean?"

       "We came for real."

       "Both of you?"

       "Both of us."

      

        The next morning at breakfast Cathy turned to her mother.

       "I didn't sleep much last night. I thought about what happened all night
long," she said.

       "So did I," her mother said quietly.

       "Mom, we're slaves and slaves don't have a choice. Slaves have to do
everything they're told."

       "I know, Dear."

       "We may have to do that again."

       "I know."

       	

       The rumors about Rose and Mister Richards increased. Rose didn't care and
began taking more and more time off. To please her master, to be more attractive
to him she joined a health club and hired a personal trainer. She worked out
daily, ate healthier food and the results were striking. She walked with pride
and grace and with a sparkle in her eyes. She bought expensive and often
revealing clothes and visited a beauty parlor weekly. Men turned to stare as she
passed. The master was pleased, and being fit and healthy had another advantage;
her body healed quicker from her whippings.

       She became so accustomed to bearing whip marks that she went to her
doctor for her annual checkup and forgot that the marks from her most recent
torture were still on her body. She undressed in the examining room and slipped
on a tiny hospital gown. The nurse came in chatted with her as they waited for
the doctor.

       The doctor gasped when he saw the whip marks. "What happened to you?"

       "Its nothing," she said calmly.

       "It looks like you've been beaten," the doctor said. "I've seen victims
of domestic violence before. You must report this to the police."

       Rose laughed heartily at the thought of her husband beating her. She
explained to the doctor how she got the marks. She told him about the master and
although she didn't give his name, she told the doctor that he was definitely
not her husband, and that she went to him voluntarily.

       "I'm a masochist," she told the doctor. "Not some poor abused housewife
in denial."

       Stunned, the doctor began to lecture her on the dangers of her life
style, he tried to warn her that whoever her master was, he must be a sick,
depraved sadist who might seriously injure or even kill her. He suggested that
the master needed help himself.

       "Everything you say may be true," she told him. "But I've never been
happier in my life. I trust my master and plan to be his slave as long as he
wants me."

       "What about your husband and your daughter?" the doctor asked. "You can't
keep this a secret forever. They are sure to find out someday."

       She decided not to tell him that her husband and her daughter knew all
about her lifestyle.

       "That is no concern of yours," she said. "I'm here for a checkup. Let's
get on with it."

       When the finished his examination Rose reminded him and the nurse that
what she told them was confidential and forbade them to inform the police.

       "I'm sure that I'm not the first patient who has told you about having an
affair," she said as she dressed. "So you can consider my relationship with my
master in the same way. Its my business, no one else's."

       The doctor shrugged as if to say: "Its your funeral."

       Rose smiled and left.

       As she was crossing the parking lot the nurse came running after her.

       "Mrs. Rhodes, I just had to ask you something," she said.

       "What is it?"

       "Is it true what you said in there?"

       "Every word."

       "I'm sorry. It just sounds so unbelievable. I , , ," the nurse faltered
embarrassed.

       "I understand," Rose said. "I wouldn't have believed it myself a year
ago. But every word is true. I'm a sex slave to a man who ties me, tortures me
and screws me until I think I'm in heaven. And I don't care who knows it."

       "How can you be so calm and open about it?"

       "Probably for two reasons," Rose said. "On one hand I'm a shameless slut,
on the other, being a slave is a liberating experience. Contradictory, don't you
think?"

       "I don't think you're a slut at all. I admire your honesty and your
confidence.  I just , , , I don't know what , , ," the nurse looked at Rose
helplessly.

       "You want someone to torture you, don't you?" Rose asked gently.

       The nurse blushed and nodded.

       "Do you have a husband, or a boyfriend?"

       "A boyfriend, but I can't tell him I want to be tortured. He would think
I'm terrible."

       "You might be surprised," Rose said. "Go home tonight and tell him to tie
you to the bed. "I bet he'll jump at the chance."

      

       Rose became too proud and complacent to suit the master so he decided to
put her in her place. He gave her to the butler with instructions that she be
caned into humility. The master took Cathy that evening and tortured and fucked
her for an hour, then tied her to a kneeling post while he watched the butler
attend to Rose.

       Rose was hung by her ankles upside down with her legs apart. The butler
caned her legs and thighs and pussy until she screamed for mercy. He placed a
gag in her mouth and continued. The guards were present and the master gave them
permission to use Cathy. They took turns placing their cocks in her mouth. Cathy
sucked them like a good little slave and between them watched her mother's
torture. Cathy's pussy throbbed and tingled as she listened to her mother's
screams. She wished the master would punish her the same way but knew not to
ask.

       Master told the guards to help in Rose's punishment. One caned her pussy
while the other did her breasts. The butler, true to his personal preference
gave his attention to her ass.  Rose twisted and jerked and shrieked through her
gag until finally she fainted.

       Scott was dozing in the limo when the guards brought out his wife. She
was only semi conscious and had to be carried to the car. When the guard put her
on the seat she screamed and threw herself to the floor face down. The guard
shrugged and went inside. He returned leading Cathy on a leash.

       Cathy helped her mother lie face down on the seat and cuddled her on the
way home. Rose sobbed all the way. Cathy and Scott supported her into the house.
They put her in bed on her stomach and Cathy sat up most of the night applying
antiseptic cream to her mother's welts. Rose mumbled and cried fitfully through
the night. In the morning her welts had blistered. She refused to permit Scott
to take her to the hospital.

       Scott and Cathy attended her injuries. They rubbed lotion gently into the
welts and kept cool damp towels on her skin.

       "I think its time to cancel our deal with your damned master," Scott told
her. "I don't care if we do owe him money, he's gone too far. You've suffered
enough humiliation and pain."

       "Don't be silly," Rose said, her eyes closed. "I haven't suffered at
all."

       "You mean you enjoyed that?"

       "Um hmm."

       "Dammit, you can barely stand up!" he said. "Your body is covered with
cuts and bruises, even between your legs."

       "Especially between my legs," she said contentedly.

       Scott shook his head in bewilderment and left the room.

       "Poor Daddy will never understand," Cathy said.

       "I'm afraid you're right," her mother agreed.

       "Maybe we ought to find a real severe dominatrix to whip him," Cathy
suggested. "Maybe then  he would understand us."

       "Possibly," Rose murmured.

       "I bet Daddy would look cute, hung up naked and whipped by a lady."

       "You shouldn't think about your father naked," Rose said.

       "I know Mom. Sorry," But Cathy couldn't restrain a giggle. "Besides, if
Daddy became a slave, who would drive the limo?"

       Rose smiled. "Do me a favor Dear. Strap me to the bed face down. If I've
got to lie here I might as well enjoy it."

       Scott entered the bedroom several hours later. His wife was sound asleep.
Her arms and legs were spread wide strapped to the bed posts. He looked into his
daughter's room. Cathy was lying on her bed talking on the phone her ankles were
locked together with cuffs, as were her wrists. She placed her hand over the
telephone.

       "What is it Daddy?'

        "Why is your mother tied down like that?" he demanded.

       "She asked me to tie her," Cathy said. "So she wouldn't roll over in her
sleep and reopen her welts."

       Scott snorted in disbelief and walked away. Cathy resumed her phone
conversation.

      

      

       Rose was lying face down on her bed. She was naked and in a very strict
hog-tie. Cathy had strapped her tightly, then left her to doze in fantasy. She
was enjoying the new sensation of a tight pussy strap.  She had gone shopping in
a sex shop and found thin leather straps and chains that were buckled through
the lips of her pussy and attached front and back to a belt or corset. She
bought several.

       She was quite content in her straps, gag and blindfold, when her daughter
ran up the stairs.

       "Mom, you have to get up! Grandmother Rhodes is here! She's pulling in
front of the house."  Cathy frantically unbuckled her mother's arm and wrists
straps. She managed to release much of her mother's bonds before the doorbell
rang. Rose undid her gag and blindfold.

       "Go down and stall her. I'll be down as soon as I can."

       The doorbell rang a second time as Cathy flew down the stairs. She paused
and composed herself before opening the door.

       "Grandmother!" she said happily opening her arms.

       "Hello my Dear. I was shopping and thought I'd drop by."

       "That's great. Come in and I'll make some tea. Mom will be down in a
minute."

      

       Rose removed most of her bonds and slipped into a dress. She didn't take
the time to remove the pussy strap, or to put on underwear. She came downstairs
and kissed her mother in law's cheek.

       "What's wrong with your face?"  her mother in law asked. "What are those
marks?"

       The straps on Rose's gag had left deep impressions on her cheeks.

       "Oh, they are from braces I have to wear," Rose laughed. "My dentist said
that my teeth are still not correctly aligned and gave me this awful thing to
wear."

       "Lord," said Grandmother Rhodes. "After all that money your parents spent
on braces when you were a child."

       She patted Cathy's hand. "Just pray you never have to wear something like
that, my dear."

       "Oh I'd hate that Grandmother," Cathy said.

       Rose tugged the sleeves of her dress down to hide the marks on her
wrists. She had no idea how she would explain them. She also had difficulty
sitting still. The strap in her pussy was driving her wild. She put on a smile
and tried not to squirm while her mother in law chatted for hours.




       The Slave At Home

					           Part two



					 Shackleford Bond	

						CH 4





	Rose and Scott were at breakfast one morning. She had spent the evening
at the masters'. Cathy came in to the dining room and kissed her parents.

	"Hi Mom, Hi Dad." She poured a bowl of cereal.

	"Is that all you're having?" her mother asked.

	"Uh huh. I'm not very hungry," Cathy replied. "How was last night?"

	 "Rather low key," Rose said.

	"What do you mean?"

	"The master tied me to the bed and screwed me all evening. He didn't
torture me at all."

	"That's no fun," Cathy said.

	"Oh yes it is," her mother laughed.

	"Well, , , yes," Cathy conceded. "But I like to be spanked or whipped
before he fucks me."

	Scott cringed behind his newspaper.

	"So do I," Rose said. "But sometimes its nice to have a change of pace.
Last night was almost romantic. The lights were low, there was soft music and
the master fucked me for hours."

	"Is that all?"

	Rose smiled. "You won't believe this, but he ate my pussy."

	"Mom! Really?" Cathy gasped. "That's fantastic!"

	Rose nodded. "I came twice while he did that."

	"You are so lucky," Cathy said. "I wonder if the master might be in love
with you."

	"Don't be silly," her mother said. "I'm only his slave."

	"He could still love you," Cathy said.

	Rose waved her hand dismissively.

	"Was it just the master last night, or did he give you to the other
guys?" Cathy asked.

	"He was the only one who fucked me," her mother said. "But he did have
me suck Gino and Larry's cocks before I left."

	"Gino?"

	"Yes, Gino," Rose said.

	"Lucky you. I think Gino is cute," Cathy said. "And he's so big!"

	"He certainly is," Rose agreed. "My jaw gets sore when I have him in my
mouth."

	"Mine doesn't."

	"Really? Well my mouth isn't as big as yours."

	Cathy laughed.

	"If you like him so much perhaps we ought to invite him over for dinner
sometime," Rose said jokingly.

	"Oooh, could we?"

	Scott got up from the table. "Time for me to go to work. Are you going
in today?" he asked his wife. She shook her head.

	"I think I'll take the day off and rest up from my exhausting night."
She stretched contentedly. He walked out the door.

	"What about the butler, was he there last night?" Cathy asked, resuming
their conversation.

	"No. I didn't see him," Rose said. "I don't think he ever fucks a woman
unless he canes her half to death first."

	"Yeah. He's pretty cruel," Cathy agreed. "But he knows how to use that
cane."

	"Just wait till he hangs you upside down and canes your pussy until
you're unconscious," her mother said. "You might not enjoy it."

	"Maybe, but I still want him to do it to me at least once."

	Her mother shook her head. "I hurt for days after he caned me."

	"Yeah, but I saw you playing with your pussy the very next day," her
daughter said. "And I bet you were thinking about him when you did."

	Her mother blushed.

	

	One Saturday afternoon Rose was relaxing at home, Scott was at a bar
with some buddies and Cathy was out with her friends. Rose was watching
television when the door bell rang. Through the window she saw the master's limo
parked at the curb. One of his guards was leaning against the fender. She opened
the door and saw the master on her porch.

	"Good after noon, sir," she said. "Please come in."

	"I was in the area and thought I might drop by," he said, looking
around. "I hope I haven't come at an inconvenient time."

	Rose stared astonished. "No sir, how could that be? I'm your slave."

	"Yes, but I still wouldn't want to put your family to any trouble."

	"I'm your slave," Rose said. "So is my daughter, and my husband is your
employee. We're all at your service."

	"Yes, that's true," he said. "What about your husband? How does he like
the situation?"

	"Honestly sir, I really don't care," Rose answered. "He was willing for
me to become your slave and if he doesn't like it now, then that's too bad."

	"Ah, it sounds like he's not happy then."

	"Perhaps not," she said. "But he hasn't asked me to stop seeing you."

	"And if he did?"

	"I would refuse," she said. "I'd rather be your slave than his wife."

 	"That's quite flattering, but I'd hate to break up your marriage."

	"I would rather be your slave than his wife," she repeated solemnly.

       He got to his feet. "I won't take any more of your time."

	"Oh, do you have to go?" she asked. "I thought you might like to whip me
or something before you go."

	She peeled off her tee shirt and shorts, then slipped out her panties
and unhooked her bra. She opened the closet door and gestured to the restraints.

	"So you keep them there," he said. "I'd have thought that your husband
hides them away."

	She shook her head. "I'm proud of having them."

	She sighed with delight as he buckled cuffs to her wrists and ankles. He
clipped a leash to her collar and selected a whip.  "Is your bedroom upstairs?"

	"Yes master."

	

	Hours later Scott and Cathy arrived home at the same time. Scott found
his wife tied to the bed. Fresh pink whip marks were on her breasts and belly.
She was gagged and blindfolded. Cum was drying on her face.

	"Who did this?" Scott demanded. He turned to Cathy. She shook her head.

	"I haven't been home, Dad, besides, I would never whip Mom. That
wouldn't be right."

	Scott removed his wife's gag and blindfold, and started to release her
bonds.

	"No, leave me here," she said.

	"Who did this to you?" he demanded.

	"The master dropped by for a visit," she said.

 	"Wow!" Cathy gasped.

	"So now he's coming here to fuck you?" Scott said. "In our own house?"

	"Uh huh. And its not actually our house," Rose said.

	"What are you talking about?"

	"The master bought the mortgage on this house. Our rent payments are
going to him."

	Scott stared open mouthed.

	"After he screwed me he looked around the property and decided that the
place needs some fixing up," Rose continued. "He's going to have the carpets
replaced and the whole house painted. He told me to pick out the colors I want
and he'll send a crew over."

	"Is he going to have a torture chamber built in the basement?" Scott
asked sarcastically.

	"That's a good idea," his wife said. "I'll ask him."

	Scott stormed out of the room. Cathy jumped on the bed between her
mother's legs.

	"Tell me all about what happened today."

	"All right, but first tighten my ankles. The master left them a little
loose."



	A few days later Cathy woke to a thumping noise on her wall. She looked
out the window and saw a man putting a ladder against the house. Paint buckets
and another ladder lay on the lawn. She went downstairs.

	Rose was seated at the dining table sipping coffee. She was wearing high
heels and a very short house coat, and no underwear. The house coat hell barely
three inches below her pussy.

	"What's going on?" Cathy asked.

	"The painters are here," her mother replied.

	"I know that," Cathy said. "I mean why are you dressed like that?"

	"Oh, I thought I'd let them look," Rose said. She motioned toward the
windows. All the curtains were open. The painters were walking back and forth.

	"Mom you are terrible," Cathy laughed.

       Rose smiled and undid the belt holding the housecoat together. She gave a
shake and her breasts popped free.

       "I want to play too," Cathy said. She slipped out of her pajama bottoms
and unbuttoned the top. A moment later one of the painters glanced in the
window. He stopped in his tracks when he saw two nearly naked women bent over
the table apparently engrossed in the newspaper. They had their backs to the
window and their pussies were in plain view. He frantically motioned to his
co-workers, who joined him. Rose and her daughter spent a long time reading that
paper.

       "This is fun," Cathy said out of the corner of her mouth. "Can I stay
home from school?"

       "Nope. In fact, you better get ready or you'll be late."

        Cathy dressed for school. She wore a mini skirt and no panties, and made
sure the painters got a good look as she climbed into her car. Rose spent the
day wearing only her house coat. At mid morning she made a pot of coffee.  She
tied the house coat loosely, placed the coffee pot and some cups on a tray and
walked out the back door.

       The paint crew scrambled down their ladders like squirrels. They gathered
around as she poured the coffee. A couple tried to be gentleman and not be too
obvious as they looked at her body, but the others stared blatantly.  Her pussy
was tingling when she went inside.

       She tossed the house coat aside and walked around the house all day in
the nude. That afternoon she slipped on the house coat and took the painters
lemonade. Her sash was looser than before. She poured the men lemonade, than
started inside when one of them grabbed her arm.

       "We're getting a little tired of your damn teasing, lady," he said. "Its
time for the real thing." The others growled in agreement. She looked at each
face.

       "Ooooh, you want to fuck me?"

       "Goddamn right we do!"

       "What are you waiting for?" She slipped out of her housecoat and let it
fall. "But I do have one little request to make," she said.

       "What's that?"

       "I think you should tie me up."

       She walked across the lawn to a large picnic table. She leaned against it
and spread her legs. "Do you boys have any ropes?"

       One tore around the house to their truck. He returned with a handful of
rope.

       "Why don't you tie me to the table?" she suggested. "Tie my legs apart
and do anything you want."

       They swarmed over her, getting in each other's way. She giggled as they
pushed and shoved and bumped each other. Finally the foreman ordered them back
and he completed the job. Then he dropped his pants and slid his cock into her.
They took turns and when the last had finished she asked them to leave her
bound. They  went back to work but the one's painting the back of the house
seemed to have trouble concentrating on their jobs.

       After an hour one of the men approached her.

       "Lady, the people next door just came home, and they could probably see
you if they look over the fence. Do you want to stay out here?"

       She sighed. "I'd love to, but I probably should get dressed. Would you
untie me please?"

       When Cathy came home from school her mother was lying naked her bed on
her stomach reading a magazine. Cathy took one look at her face and knew.

       "Mom! The painters?"

       Rose nodded.

       "All of them?"

       "Yes dear. On the picnic table."

       "Outside? Oh that is so sexy!"

       "I suppose so, but I need you to get the tweezers and pull all these
splinters out of my butt."

       "How did you get splinters?"

       "The picnic table is old and splintery. You pick up a lot of splinter
when some body fucks you on it."

       "Why didn't you get off?"

       "Because I was tied to it, silly."

       "Oooh, the painters are kinky, eh?'

       "They are now. At first they just wanted to screw me, I had to suggest
that they tie me up, but they caught on quick." Rose chuckled. "I think their
wives and girlfriends are in for a surprise tonight. They were talking about
stopping off to buy rope on their way home."

       "How many painters are there?"

       "Four, but they all came back for seconds."

      

       The paint crew arrived bright and early the next morning. As soon as her
husband and daughter left Rose walked out the back door naked and carrying a
blanket. She spread it over the picnic table then lay on it as the painters tied
her down. They kept her there all morning. They even declined to release her
when she offered to make coffee for them. They knocked off for lunch, took turns
fucking her, then took a siesta. Rose waited patiently until they started back
to work, then begged them to release her. She staggered inside, took a long
shower and made herself lunch.

       She went outside nude and was watching the men work when one walked by
and patted her on the butt. His hand was covered with paint and left a print on
her skin. Annoyed she picked up a rag and was trying to rub the paint off when
another man did the same thing. She giggled and told them to stop. They didn't
listen and soon she was covered with hand prints. She started to go inside when
they grabbed her and tied her kneeling to a small tree. She was familiar with
this position; it was one of the master's favorites.

       She knelt and sucked cocks all afternoon. As each man finished spurting
into her mouth he would pat her body several times with paint covered hands. By
the end of the day she had several layers of dried paint on her body.

       "Don't worry," the foreman told her. "Its latex. It will wash off with
soap and water."

       "Oh, great!"

       Rose was in the bath tub when Cathy came home. She was scrubbing at the
paint on her body. Even with lots of soap and water the paint was tough to
remove. She looked up and saw her daughter standing in the door way. "Don't
ask," she said.

       "I don't have to," Cathy laughed. "Its pretty obvious what happened to
you."

       Rose glared at her for a moment, then laughed too.

       "Don't just stand there. Help me get this paint off before your father
comes home."

       "Why?" Cathy asked. "Its not as if Daddy doesn't know you're a slave."

       "I'm a slave to Master Richards," her mother replied. "Not to a bunch of
painters. Your father didn't agree to that."

       Cathy knelt and began scrubbing her mother's back with a huge sponge.
"Well, the master hired the painters so I think you could say that they are his
men as much as the guards and the butler are."

       "No they aren't," Rose said. "I don't want to embarrass your father
unnecessarily."

       "Since when? I thought you enjoyed humiliating Daddy."

       "I know, but every once in a while I feel sorry for him," her mother
said.

       

       The painters took two days longer than expected to finish the job. They
were painstaking in their work, in fact, instead of two coats of paint the
Rhodes house got three, and the detailing around the trim work was perfect. They
even painted the mail box, the garden shed and the interior of the garage. Rose
hung by her wrists from the garage rafters while they worked in there.

      

       Scott continued to drive his wife to the master's house each week. He
fell into a habit of napping in the limousine while he waited. The master gave
him permission to wait in the house, but he preferred not to. He had done that
once and had heard his wife's screams from several rooms away. He had charged
toward the torture chamber but was intercepted by one of the guards. He knew it
was futile to try to fight the huge man, but demanded to see his wife. The guard
took pity on him and led him to a small room that overlooked the torture
chamber. Through a one way mirror Scott saw his wife hanging by her wrists while
the master whipped her.

       "You can see that your wife is ok," the guard said. "You can look for a
minute, then you have to leave. Mister Richards would fire me if he found out I
let you watch.."

       Scott watched  his wife shriek and twist in her bonds as she was whipped.
He squirmed in embarrassment as the whip curled around her body. The master
circled her plying the whip mercilessly, then cupped her pussy in his hand. She
looked into the master's eyes loving as his fingers slipped inside her. She said
spoke too softly for Scott to hear, but the master bent his head and kissed her.
The master's hand rubbed her pussy until she had an orgasm. Scott watched her
eyes close, her mouth open in ecstasy.  The master stepped to a table and sipped
a glass of champagne. Rose's expression softened and her face slowly returned to
normal. The master picked up his whip and cracked it loudly. Rose opened her
eyes and looked at him through lowered lids. The whip snapped on her breast like
a gunshot and the look of ecstasy reappeared on her face. Several more strokes
landed and she screamed again.

       "She screams a lot," the guard told Scott. "It don't mean nothing."

        Scott walked out of the little room and went to the car. He was furious
that his cock was hard.

      

       One evening he was dozing behind the wheel when a guard rapped on the
window. He motioned Scott to come inside.

       "What do you want?" Scott asked as he followed the man into the house.

       "Mister Richards finished with the slave a couple of hours ago and went
to bed," the guard said. "He told us we could have her the rest of the evening."

       "So?"

       "We got to feeling bad that you don't get to fuck your wife anymore, so
we thought we would do you a little favor, figured you might like a blow job."

       Scott blushed angrily. "That's mighty decent of you guys," he said
bitterly.

       "Hey look. We're trying to be nice to you," the guard said. "If you don't
want it then go back to the car."

       "It doesn't matter what I want," Scott said. "She won't suck my cock no
matter what."

       "She will tonight," the guard said. "She's blindfolded. Keep your mouth
shut so she doesn't recognize your voice and she'll think you are one of us.
She's sucked a lot of cocks tonight. She won't be able to tell the difference."

       "How many?" Scott asked.

       "Let's see, , , six body guards, the butler and the house boy," the guard
counted. "And Mister Richards of course, that's  nine. You'll be number ten."

       They entered the torture chamber. The other guards were lolling around
naked. Empty beer bottles and drink glasses were strewn about.

       Rose was tied to a kneeling post. She wore a leather blindfold. Her hair,
her face and the blindfold were spattered thickly with cum. Her body was covered
with whip marks and her breasts sagged with heavy nipple clamps.  She slumped in
her bonds, her head rested on her chest and Scott wondered if she was
unconscious. One of the guards held his finger to his lips telling Scott to be
quiet, then stroked his cock until it was hard. He stepped in front of Rose and
touched her face with it.  She straightened up and opened her mouth, the cock
went inside. The guard grinned at Scott and wiggled his hips obscenely. He with
drew his cock and held it just outside her lips. She leaned forward and sought
it with her tongue. The man slid back inside her mouth and she sucked, and
sucked, and sucked. His face took on a look on intense concentration, he began
thrusting into her mouth, harder and faster until her head was slamming against
the post. He groaned loudly and came. He withdrew from her mouth and spurted cum
into face. She sighed with pleasure. The guard wiped himself clean with her
hair, then motioned for Scott to approach.

       Blushing, scowling, Scott unzipped his fly, he was rock hard. The guard
stepped away and Scott pressed his cock against her face. She opened her mouth
and for the first time in months his wife was touching his cock. He looked at
her and thought "This isn't my wife, its Mister Richards' slave girl. I'm
getting sucked off and he doesn't even know it. Fuck him!"

       The guards grinned as Rose unknowingly sucked her own husband. They
thought it was a terrific joke.

       Scott squirted cum in Rose's mouth and on her face and on her breasts. It
added to the sticky mess already there. When he finished the guard motioned for
him to follow him outside.

       "Why don't you go back to the limo," he told Scott. "We're not quite done
with her, we'll bring her out in a while."

       "Take your time."

       The next morning at breakfast as Rose told Cathy about the evening's
activity, Scott raised his newspaper and smiled to himself.

       

      

       				CH 5

      

      

       Rumors grew about Rose and Mister Richards, they abounded at work. He
announced that she was promoted to the position of his personal administrative
assistant. This meant a large raise and placed her in close contact with him. It
also provided her a reason for missing work. He told people that her absences
were due to being sent on assignments to inspect corporate facilities or attend
meetings on his behalf. She actually did on enough inspections to make the story
valid. Nevertheless, rumors grew until they reached Mister Richards' ears.

      

        One morning Rose was passing a vice president's office when through a
partially closed door she heard her name mentioned. She paused and heard the
vice president talking.

       "Mister Richards has asked me to speak to you about Rose Rhodes," he
said. "Some petty minded people in this company have been circulating rumors
about Mrs. Rhodes and he wants them stopped."

       Rose peeked in and saw six or seven of the worst gossipy women in the
company.

       "Mister Richards invites Scott and  Mrs. Rhodes to his home on social
occasions," the vice president said. They always go together."

       "That's right," Rose thought.. "My husband is a proper chaperone. After
delivering me, he waits in the car while the master tortures me and fucks me
silly"

       "And many times their daughter Cathy is with them."

       "Any time the master wants an additional slave."

       "Because the Rhodes family attends social functions at his house, "Yup,
we all sit around drinking tea,"  is no reason for people to assume that there
is any improper relationship between Mister Richards and Mrs. Rhodes," the vice
president continued.

       "Absolutely, I'm a proper slave and the master is always a gentleman,
even when he's fucking me in the ass."

       "I am hoping, in fact expecting that you will speak to any of those mean
spirited people in your sections who might be spreading those rumors," the vice
president said with a thinly veiled threat. "Because if they don't stop Mister
Richards might feel obligated to take action himself."

       "You don't want him angry at you girls. The last time he got upset with
me I couldn't walk for a couple of days."

       Rose was later approached by a couple of the worst company gossips. They
were just gushing friendliness.

       "Hi Rose," one said. "I love that dress."

       "Why thank you Heather."

       "And I think you've lost weight, haven't you?" the other said.

       "Yes, I've been going to the fitness spa," Rose said. "Its sweet of you
to notice."

       "We just came from a meeting with Mister Davis," the first said. "He has
asked us to help quash some of those awful rumors circulating through the
company."

       "Oh, what rumors would that be?"

       "Well, nothing I want to repeat," the first said. "But sometimes people
get talked about unfairly and we intend to see to it that anyone spreading
rumors gets a severs talking to."

       "I can see why Mister Davis choose you," Rose said with a straight face.
"He picked two natural leaders."

       "I hear that you and your husband have been to Mister Richards' house,"
the second one said.

       "God, could you possibly be more transparent?"

       "Yes, we go several times a month."

       "I hear its lovely."

       "Its beautiful," "Especially the torture chamber."

       "I'd love to see it," the other said.

       "I'd love to see you hung upside down and caned on your cunt by the
butler." Rose had an image of the two frumpy women naked in the master's torture
chamber. She smiled. "I wonder if just once the master would let me whip
somebody. Neither of you would walk for a week after I finished with you."
Something about her smile made the women nervous.

       "Well, put in a good word for us," the first said. "Maybe someday he will
invite us."

       "I'll do that."

       				Ch 6

       Cathy graduated from high school that spring. Mister Richards arranged
for her to attend the finest college in the state. She spent the summer like
most young graduates, except for the weekly visits to  a torture chamber, she
was no different from any other eighteen year old girl. She even dated boys,
although they bored her to death. She told her mother that it was difficult to
get excited about a teenager after being fucked by the master and his men,
especially Gino.

       Cathy was dismayed to discover that freshmen were required to live in a
dormitory on campus. She wailed to her mother that she would have no privacy to
tie herself up.

       "You'll just have to wait until you come home on the weekends," Rose told
her.

       "Do you think the master would let me go to his house every weekend?"
Cathy asked.

       "Why not ask him," her mother said. "But I thought that you would want to
spend your weekends visiting friends and family."

       "Yeah Mom, dream on. I intend to spend my weekends tied up somehow."

       The master graciously agreed to allow Cathy to come to his torture
chamber on the weekends, but warned her that he had many social engagements and
would not always be there. She would have to content herself with the guards and
butler.

       When college started Cathy drove home every Friday night. She spent the
day with her parents and friends, then on Saturday evening her father drove her
to the master's house. Sometimes her mother went too.

       One Sunday morning Rose was rubbing lotion into her daughter's whip
marks.

       "Mom can I ask you something?"

       "Sure."

       "Have you ever had sex with a woman?"

       "Yeah," Rose said wryly. "You were there, remember?'

       "I don't mean the time they tied us together," her daughter said. "Have
you done it with any other woman?"

       "No."

       "Have you ever thought about it?"

       "I think every woman thinks about it at some point in her life. Why do
you ask?"

       "I've been talking about it with Sue, my roommate."

       "What?"

       "We've gotten pretty close and talk about very intimate things," Cathy
said. "I told her about being a slave."

       "Cathy, for God's sake! Do you want that all over campus?"

       "Don't worry, I trust her not to talk. In fact, she doesn't believe me
anyway.  She thinks I was just talking about my fantasies."

       "Keep her thinking that."

       "Ok. Anyway, she has bondage fantasies too, and one of them is to be tied
to a woman and forced to eat her pussy like we were."

       "Is she a lesbian?"

       "No, she likes boys and has a boyfriend back home, but she also has
fantasies about women. She admits she might be bisexual."

       "Have you two had sex?" Rose asked.

       "No, we've talked about it, and I sort of like the idea of being tied to
a woman, but we haven't done anything yet."

       "So what are you getting at?"

       "I was thinking of bringing her home some weekend. Do you think I could
ask the master if I could bring Sue with me to his house?"

       "Absolutely not! Its very different from having fantasies and actually
being tortured," Rose said. "There aren't very many women who could endure what
the master does to us, and taking an innocent girl to the master's house is out
of the question."

        "I was innocent," Cathy said.

       "No you weren't. You knew what the master was doing to me long before you
went, and remember, I didn't give you permission to go the first time. You had
to sneak away from your father and me."

       "Yes, you're right," Cathy conceded.

       "Besides, I thought she doesn't believe you."

       "Well that would change about thirty seconds after we got there," Cathy
said. "As soon as she walks into the master's torture room."

       "And what if it turns out she doesn't like being tortured?  She might not
enjoy being fucked by four or five men either. What if she tells her parents, or
the police?"

       "Oh. I hadn't thought about that." Cathy was silent for a while.

       "Mom would it be ok if I invite Sue to visit some weekend? Just a regular
visit?"

       "Of course you can," her mother said. "But let's keep sex and slavery out
of it."

       "Ok."

      

        Two weeks later Sue came for a visit. She was a slender pretty girl with
very pale skin and pale brown hair, even her eyes were light brown. Her skin was
almost transparent. Rose was reminded of a fine porcelain doll.

       Scott put a trundle bed in Cathy's room. The room, already small, was
very crowded with two beds but the girls didn't seem to mind. They sat up
talking until very late. Rose awoke at midnight and heard them whispering
downstairs. Scott snored away as she got out of bed. Downstairs she found the
girls sitting on the living room floor surrounded by restraint gear. Sue
listened wide eyed as Cathy explained what each piece was used for. They started
guiltily when Rose spoke.

       "I guess I should have put that stuff away," she said walking into the
room. "I thought we had a deal," she said to Cathy.

       "I'm sorry Mom," Cathy said. "We got to talking and Sue still didn't
believe me so I showed her the stuff."

       "Just to prove a point?"

       Cathy wilted under her mother's glare.

       "Since my daughter has chosen to reveal private family business, I can
only ask that you please not tell anyone about it," Rose said to Sue.

       "I won't tell a soul," Sue said earnestly. "I promise." She looked at the
cuffs and straps and gags, then up at Rose. "But this is incredible! Do you
really wear these things?"

       Rose sighed and sat down. "Yes. I wear them, so does Cathy."

       "My God! Cathy told me you were a sex slave but I thought she was making
it up," Sue said.

       "We're both slaves," Cathy said.

       "And masochists and sluts," Rose said. "And I'm an unfaithful wife on top
of it."

       "No you're not, Mom," Cathy said firmly. "An unfaithful wife is one that
sneaks around behind her husband's back. Daddy knows all about it, he sold you
to the master."

       "I wanted him to sell me."

       "That doesn't matter," Cathy said stoutly. "He still made the decision."

       "That's right," Sue said. "I think what you did was noble, you were
helping your family."

       "So I'm a noble slave?" Rose said.

       "Yes ma'am."

       Cathy began to giggle. "Yes, Mom suffers for our sake. The orgasms mean
nothing to her, isn't that right?'

       Rose started to laugh. Sue looked at them in confusion, then smiled, then
laughed. The laughter grew until they were shrieking. Rose remembered Scott and
pointed toward the stairs. Sue clapped her hand over her mouth and tried to
stifle her laughter. Cathy stuffed a couch cushion in her mouth and bit it. Rose
shook as she tried to be quiet. Tears of laughter streamed down her face.

       When they finally regained their composure  Rose told the girls they
ought to be in bed.

       "Not tonight," Cathy said. "We're not tired. We stay up late lots of
nights."

       "That's right ma'am," Sue said.

       "And sleep late the next morning and miss classes?" her mother said.

       "We haven't missed any," Cathy said indignantly. "Our grades are fine.
Besides Mom, you sleep in on the mornings after the master tortures you."

       "Yes, that's true," Rose admitted.

       Sue's eyes grew serious. "Would you tell me about being tortured?" she
asked. "I would really like to hear about it."

       Rose looked at her for a moment. Cathy nodded encouragingly.

       "All right," Rose sighed. "But I'm thirsty. I'm going to get a glass of
milk. Do you want some?" The girls shook their heads.

       When Rose returned from the kitchen her daughter and her guest were
naked. They were kneeling side by side and each had a pile of cuffs in front of
her.

       "No way," Rose said sharply. "Put your clothes back on."

       Sue pushed her pile of restraints forward a few inches. "Please ma'am,"
she whispered.

       "Come on Mom," Cathy said. "What's the harm?"

       "Oh my God," Rose said helplessly. She put own the milk and began
buckling the gear onto Sue. "Have you ever done this before?" she asked.

       "No ma'am."

       "All right," Rose said. "My daughter likes to be bound very tightly, so
I'm going to do the same thing to you. If its too tight say so, but I won't
release you until I'm ready."

       "Mom is trying to scare you away from bondage," Cathy told Sue. "She did
the same thing to me. It didn't work." Sue nodded but her eyes had a distant
look.

       Rose buckled Sue into a hog-tie, then buckled her daughter. When she
finished with Cathy she tightened  Sue's bonds, then Cathy's. She tightened the
straps until they cut deeply into the girls' skin. 

       Sue lay on her stomach, her eyes closed and her breathing was rapid.

       "Is it painful?" Rose asked her. Sue nodded.

       "Do you want to be released?" Rose asked.

       "Noooo," she whispered.

       "Very well," Rose strapped a blindfold over Sue's eyes and a gag in her
mouth.

       "Mom, will you leave us here all night please?" Cathy asked as Rose
blindfolded her. Sue nodded vigorously.

       "Not all night," Rose said. "Your father is in the house, remember?"

       "Oh."

       "I'll leave you like this for a while, then you're going to bed," Rose
told them.

       Rose sat on the couch looking at the bound girls on the floor. She wished
she was bound too. She could bind herself if she choose, but didn't want Scott
to come downstairs in the morning and find the girls naked.  She decided to let
the girls enjoy their bonds for an hour or so, then she would release them.

       Morning sunlight in her eyes woke Rose. She sat up confused, why was she
on the couch? Then she saw the girls on the floor.

       "Good God, I fell asleep. What time is it?" She stepped over the girls
and went to the kitchen. It was six thirty. Scott would be up soon. She returned
to the living room and undid Sue's bonds. Sue groaned as circulation returned to
her arms and legs. She tried to stand but fell back to the carpet. Rose released
Cathy who managed to stagger to her feet.

       "Put that stuff away and get to bed," Rose told her as she kneaded Sue's
arms and legs. "Your father will be down soon."

       "I thought you weren't going to let us stay tied up all night," Cathy
said.

       "I fell asleep on the couch," Rose told them. She looked at the angry red
strap marks on Sue's delicate skin. "Are you all right? I didn't mean to keep
you bound up that long."

       Sue crawled to a sitting position on the couch. She took Rose's hand and
held it to her cheek, then she kissed the inside of Rose's palm. "May I kiss you
ma'am?' she whispered.

       Rose glanced at Cathy who was hanging the restraints in the closet.

       "All right, Dear." Rose expected Sue to kiss her on the cheek or at most
a quick peck on the lips, but Sue knelt at her feet and pushed Rose's knees
apart. Before Rose could stop her, Sue leaned forward and kissed the crotch of
Rose's panties. Rose gasped in astonishment. Cathy glanced around the door and
froze, her eyes widened and her mouth dropped open. Rose looked at her
helplessly, Cathy clapped her hand over her mouth. Meanwhile Sue nuzzled and
licked Rose's crotch. Her hands grasped the waist of her panties and she tried
to tug them down.

       Cathy heard a noise upstairs. "Daddy's getting up!" she hissed.

       Rose pushed Sue away and closed her legs. "Get upstairs both of you."

       Sue looked so disappointed. "But I want too eat your pussy," she said
plaintively.

       "Later," Rose said. "But get to your room now."

       Cathy grabbed Sue's wrist and dragged her up the stairs. She looked back
sadly at Rose.

       Rose went to the kitchen and started coffee. Her face was flushed and her
heart was pounding. She was very confused. "How far would I have gone? If Scott
hadn't gotten up I might be still in there with Sue's tongue in my pussy, and my
daughter watching."

       Scott came into the kitchen, bleary eyed and rumpled. He poured a cup of
coffee and walked outside to get the newspaper. He didn't notice Rose's bright
eyes and flushed complexion.

       "What are you doing today?" he asked when he returned.

       "Shopping probably," she said. "What about you?"

       "I'm playing golf at ten, then they guys are going to meet at Ted's place
to watch the football game."

       "What time will you be home?" she asked.

       "Since for once I don't have to deliver you and Cathy to your 'master's'
house, I just might stay out late." He pronounced 'master's' sarcastically. A
thought occurred to him. He lowered the paper. "I presume you're not going
tonight since we have a house guest."

       "That's right," she said. "We aren't going out tonight."

       "That's a switch," he grumbled. "For all I know you might be recruiting
Cathy's roommate to join your little sex club."

       "That may be closer to the truth than you realize. I'm not trying to 
recruit her, but she may join up on her own."  Rose remembered Sue's mouth on
her pussy and her nipples hardened.

       The girls fell asleep as soon as they crawled in bed. They slept all
morning and came downstairs just as Scott was leaving. After he drove away Sue
turned to Rose.

       "May I undress?"

       "Uh, yes, I suppose so," Rose said.

       Sue slipped out of her tee shirt and panties. Cathy grinned and did the
same. Sue went to the closet and helped herself to an armful of restraints. Rose
made them breakfast while the girls buckled themselves into cuffs and collars.

       "What about you Mom?" Cathy asked. "Want to get naked?"

       "All right." Rose donned a set of restraints while the girls ate.

       After breakfast Cathy wanted to teach Sue to walk in spike heels and a
hobble. She locked  Sue's hands behind her and led her around the house. Sue
loved the shoes but had trouble at first. She stumbled several times but soon
mastered the task. Rose watching thought she looked adorable as she minced
behind Cathy.

	After several turns through the house Cathy led Sue to Rose. Sue knelt
at Rose's feet.

 	"Sue has a request," Cathy said.

	Sue bowed her head. "May I please eat your pussy ma'am?'

	"First, don't call me ma'am," Rose said. "You make it sound like I'm a
dominatrix. I'm not, I'm a slave. Second, I'm not sure that it would be right
for you to do that. I think you ought to do it with Cathy."

	"We talked it over Mom, and Sue wants to eat your pussy first. Then we
want you to tie us together."

	"Well, , , I guess its all right," Rose said. She put her arms behind
her back and locked her cuffs together, then opened her legs. Sue inched forward
on her knees and put her face in Rose's crotch. Cathy lay on her tummy on the
floor and rested her chin in her hands. She watched fascinated as her mother was
licked and kissed until she came.

	When Rose regained her breath after the sweetest orgasm, she got to her
feet and nodded at Cathy to take her place on the couch. Her daughter shook her
head.

	"We want to be tied together," Cathy said.

        "That's right," Sue affirmed.

	"Ok, let's go upstairs. We'll use my bed," Rose said. "Unlock my
wrists."

	Cathy lay on the bed and Rose tied her legs and arms to  the bedposts,
then Sue crawled atop Cathy and Rose strapped them together. "How long do you
want?" she asked.

	"An hour," Cathy said.

	"Two hours!" Sue said firmly.

	"Ok, I'll check on you in a while," Rose closed the door and went down
stairs.

	The first time she looked in on them the girls were frantically licking
and kissing each other's pussy. The next time they were going slow and softly.
Rose watched her daughter's tongue making soft little circles on Sue's pussy.
Both girls' eyes were closed and they didn't even realize she was in the room.

	When the two hours was up Rose released them. They were thirsty and
downed several glasses of milk. Cathy spoke up. "Ok Mom, its your turn."

	"I shouldn't do this," she said.

	"Yes you should," Cathy said. "Come on, get on the bed."

	Rose lay on the bed, her heart pounding as the girls tied her down, then
Sue lay atop her. Rose's tongue was seeking  Sue's pussy even before Cathy
strapped them together. "How long?" Cathy asked.

	"All afternoon," Rose told her, slightly muffled.



	Rose awoke with her face in Sue's crotch. She had fallen asleep after
her third or fourth orgasm. Sue was asleep atop Rose. Rose tried to wriggle her
face free but couldn't, Cathy had tied them too well.

Rose's movement woke Sue. Her body jerked and she tried to raise her head but
couldn't. She lowered her mouth back onto Rose's pussy. Rose's pussy had never
been so sensitive. She had endured many orgasms at the master's, but nothing
like what Sue's tongue had done to her. She was sensitive beyond orgasm. Sue's
tongue on her pussy was actually painful. Rose asked her to stop.

	Sue, in love with bondage, and if the truth be known, in love with Rose,
didn't listen. She licked and kissed the older woman's pussy until Rose was
crying in real discomfort. Cathy came into the room.

	"What's the problem?" she asked laughing.

	"Make her stop," Rose pleaded. "Get her off, she's hurting me."

	"Gee Mom, that's a first. I thought you liked pain."

	"GET HER OFF ME!"

	Frightened, Cathy unstrapped  Sue and dragged her off her mother. Sue
immediately tried to climb back on the bed. Cathy grabbed her and locked her
wrists behind her back and her ankles together. When Sue still struggled, Cathy
hog-tied her, then bent over Rose.

	"Mom are you all right?"

	"I just need a minute," Rose gasped.

	"What happened?" Did she bite you or something?"

	Rose laughed weakly. "No, nothing like that. My pussy is too sensitive
and she wouldn't stop licking it. I couldn't stand it."

	"Wow, that's something new."

	Rose nodded. "She's like a drug addict. She won't stop."

	Sue looked up at them with big solemn eyes and nodded. Cathy grinned at
her.

	"Don't try to go too fast. Its only your first day."

	"I don't care," Sue said. "I want to eat your Mom's pussy some more."

	"No way," Said Rose. "Not for a long time."

	"This is interesting," Cathy said seating herself between her mother's
legs. "Has that ever happened before?"

	"No," Rose said. "But then, the master rarely eats my pussy, and the
guards never do."

	"Please ma'am, can I eat you some more?" Sue said.

	"Quiet," Cathy told her. "This is a mother/daughter conversation. Butt
out."

	"Screw you Cathy," Sue pouted.

       "Later," Cathy said. She turned to her mother.

              "Was it really painful? Like being whipped or something?"

	"No, it was different. I can't really explain it," Rose said.

	"You can whip me if I can eat your Mom's pussy," Sue interjected.

	"You've never been whipped yet," Cathy told her. "Its different from
being tied up. You probably won't like it."

	"I don't care. Whip me and find out, and even if I don't like it you can
whip me all you want if I can eat your mother."

	Cathy rolled her eyes in exasperation, she started to speak, then
paused. She looked at her mother and raised her eyebrow questioningly. "What do
you think?" she asked. "Should we whip her?"

	"Sure, why not?"

	Cathy untied Sue and stood her at the foot of the bed. She strapped her
wrists and ankles to the bedposts, then went down stairs. Rose lay on the bed
and looked at Sue. Sue stared at Rose's pussy hungrily.

	Cathy returned with a whip and a gag. She buckled the gag tightly in
Sue's mouth. "Ok get ready," she warned. Sue nodded, her eyes still on Rose's
pussy.

	Sue winced when the first blow struck, but kept her eyes on Rose. Cathy
whipped Sue's back and bottom and legs. She paused and asked Sue if she wanted
more. Sue nodded.

	Cathy whipped Sue's breasts and belly. Sue's face showed pain but her
eyes never left Rose.

	Rose lying still tied to the bed watched and felt her pussy tingle, then
throb. Within a few minutes she was very excited.

	Cathy rested for a moment, she was breathing hard and sweating. "This is
hard work," she said. "I never realized how much strength it takes to whip
somebody."

	"Cathy," Rose said softly. "Whip me."

	"Oh, Mom no, I can't."

	"Whip me Dear, I need to be whipped."

	Cathy looked at her mother pleadingly.

	"I know you're not comfortable with it," Rose said. "But do it anyway, 
whip my boobs and pussy, please."

	"Ok, Mom."

	Cathy struck her mother's breasts.

	"Harder," her mother said. "Much harder."

	Cathy grimaced but swung the whip. It stung Rose's breasts wonderfully.
Rose sighed and closed her eyes. Cathy whipped her harder and faster until Rose
writhing in her bonds. Sue watched wide eyed.

	As she whipped her mother Cathy felt strong and excited. She rained the
blows on her mother's breasts then without warning struck her mother's pussy.
Rose screamed and arched upward off the bed, she thrust her crotch up to meet
the whip. An orgasm blossomed on the third blow. Cathy struck a few more times,
then stopped. She looked at Sue and her mouth fell open.

	Sue was fighting her bonds wildly. She tugged and pulled at her wrist
straps so hard Cathy thought she might break the bedposts. Sue's eyes were wide
and fixed on Rose. She growled like a wild beast in her gag. She tore one of her
ankle bonds loose and began kicking the bed.

	Cathy looked at her mother. Rose was watching Sue with in pure
astonishment.

	Sue raised her head toward the ceiling and let out a screaming, groaning
, wailing noise that sounded inhuman.

	Cathy stood up and deliberately took careful aim at Sue's breasts. She
swung the whip with all the strength in her body. Sue jerked backwards, then
leaned forward. Cathy hit her again. And again.

	After twenty blows Cathy stopped. Sue's eyes popped open and fixed Cathy
with a demanding stare. She wanted more.	 

	Cathy looked at her mother for a moment, then slashed the whip into
Sue's pussy. The girl went wild. Again she screamed and growled and struggled
frantically. Cathy whipped Sue's pussy furiously, suddenly Sue collapsed, her
eyes rolled up into her head and she sagged lifelessly in her bonds.

	Cathy dropped the whip and turned to Rose, a terrified look on her face.

	"She's probably fainted," Rose said. "Untie me and lets get her down."

	They lowered Sue to the floor. She was breathing.

	"Thank God!" Cathy gasped. "I thought I'd killed her."

	They put damp cloths on Sue's forehead. She lay on the floor for a
while, then her eyes fluttered open.

       "Are you ok?" Cathy asked.

       "Um hmm. I'm fine," she said dreamily. "That was very nice."

       "Nice?" Cathy gasped. "You nearly wrecked the bed!"

       Sue shrugged and smiled. "I came a bunch of times. It was wonderful."

       Cathy stood up and let herself fall backwards on the bed. "Jeeeeez!" she
said in relief.

       Rose helped Sue to her feet. The girl leaned against Rose and rested her
head on her shoulder.

       "I was afraid Cathy was hurting you," Sue told Rose. "I was getting angry
at her." Cathy snorted derisively.

       "But I was excited too," Sue said. "I almost came just watching."

       "Been there, done that," Cathy said.

       "Cathy didn't hurt me," Rose told her. "I've been whipped hundreds of
times. It excites me too."

       "How about being whipped?" Cathy asked Sue. "What did you think?"

       "It was wonderful," Sue said, "But, , ,"

       "But what?"

       "We had a deal," Sue answered. "I said you could whip me if I could eat
your Mom's pussy again, remember?"

       Cathy grinned at her mother. "Yep, we had a deal."

       "Sue, don't you think you ought to rest a while," Rose said. "You've just
been through a lot."

       "After I eat your pussy ma'am."

       "Might as well get it over with Mom," Cathy laughed. "I don't think you
can get out of the deal."

       "Oh, , , all right." Rose motioned her daughter off the bed and lay down.
She spread her legs and Sue scrambled between them. A thought occurred to Rose.

       "I haven't had sex without being tied up in aver a year," she said.

       "Oh good God," sighed Cathy in mock exasperation. "Sue, you tie her legs
apart, I'll get her hands."

       "Ok, Sue," Rose said. "You can eat my pussy for thirty minutes or until I
come, whichever happens first."

       "And I get to watch," Cathy said.

      

       When Scott came home that evening his wife, daughter and house guest were
sitting on the living room floor fully dressed, eating pizza and watching a
movie on television.

       "Its nice to see them doing wholesome things for a change," he muttered
to himself as he climbed the stairs. "Instead of all that perverted slave
stuff."




Part 3



						CH 6



	Rose was relaxing one morning after a strenuous evening at the master's
house, when the phone rang. She was stiff and sore, and moved gingerly to answer
the phone.

	"Hi Mom, its me," her daughter said.

	"Hi. What are you up to?"

	"Studying. I'm getting ready for a test and have been studying all
morning. I'm taking a break and thought I'd give you a call."

	"That's nice, Dear." Rose leaned back on the couch and her sore muscles
protested. "Ouch," she muttered."

	"What's wrong?" Cathy asked.

	"Nothing, I'm just stiff from last night."

	"Were you at the master's? Did you get whipped?"

	"Yes I was, and yes I did."

	"Tell me about it."

	"Well, for one thing I spent hours tied to a kneeling post, that's why
I'm so sore."

	"You've been tied that way before," Cathy said. "Why did it make you
sore?'

	"Instead of tying my ankles behind the post they bent my legs up and
tied my ankles to my thighs. All my weight was on my knee caps."

	"Ouch!"

	"Exactly, and having my legs bent that long gave me muscle cramps."

	"Who tied you, the master and his guys?"

	"No, the master had guests. They tied me."

	"Was it the same bunch that tied us together?"

	"Some of them, the others were new to me, and there were women too."

	"Uh oh. I bet you ate their pussies," Cathy said.

	"Nope. I expected to have to but things took an odd twist last night."

	"What happened?"

	"There were four men and two women. One woman was with her husband and I
think the other was with a boyfriend. The other men didn't have ladies with
them."

	"Who were the ones that tied us up?"

	"The man with his wife and one of the single men. They tied me up and
whipped me and put clamps on my nipples and all the usual things."

	"Did the women whip you?"

	"The single one did, but the married woman just watched. I got the
feeling that she had never been to a bondage orgy before."

	"Why?"

	"She seemed shy and hesitant and looked shocked when they whipped me.
Her husband was into the scene though. He whipped the hell out of my boobs and
stuck his cock in my mouth. I don't think she was prepared for that."

	"What did she do?"

	"Nothing, she seemed bewildered by the events. She backed into a corner
and looked like she was embarrassed.  Her husband took her aside and they talked
for a while. I could tell he was trying to talk her into something. She was
reluctant at first, but finally agreed."

	"Agreed to what?"

	"He walked he into the center of the room and announced that she had
volunteered to be tortured."		

	"Geez!"

	"She blushed, but took off her clothes and let her husband tie her up."

	"Was she nice looking?"

       "Yes, she was pretty and had a nice body."

       "What position did he put her in?"

	"They started her out on a whipping horse. Everyone crowded around and
took turns spanking her. She endured as long as she could but eventually she
started crying."

	"Poor thing."

	"They whipped her lightly compared to what you and I get, but she was
screaming within minutes."

	"Did they stop?"

	"No, they gagged her and kept whipping her. The ones who weren't
whipping her groped her body, pinched her nipples and stuck their fingers in her
pussy and ass. She didn't like it at all. Her husband was a sick bastard. He
encouraged the others to humiliate her."

       "That's awful."

       Yes, I was disgusted. Her husband kept asking her if she wanted to suck
all the men, he told her to nod her head when she was ready. She wouldn't nod,
she shook her head every time he asked. That made her husband angry and he
whipped her harder."

       "What about you?" Cathy asked.

       "I was pretty much ignored," her mother said. "Sometimes a man would come
to me and make me suck him, but otherwise I was a sideshow."

       "That's not right," Cathy said indignantly. "You're the master's top
slave."

       "Maybe, but I'm still only a slave," Rose said. "I have to take what I
get. Anyway, I felt so  sorry for that poor woman that I wished they would
torture me and leave her alone."

       "Is that the only reason you wanted to be tortured?" Cathy laughed.

       "Well, , , not the only reason."

       "What about the other guest lady?"

       "She participated at first and whipped me and the man's wife, and the
master invited her to make me lick her pussy. She looked like she was going to,
she raised her skirt and rubbed her panties against my face, but then she
changed her mind and stepped back."

       "Were you disappointed?"

       "A little, I suppose."

       "What happened then?"

       "The men were all naked by then and suggested that she ought to undress
too. They told her that she should let them tie her up. I could see didn't like
the idea. She waited till they weren't looking and slipped out. Your father saw
her get into a limo and drive away."

       "What happened next?"

       "They tied the other woman to a kneeling post beside me. Her husband
removed her gag and told her to suck their cocks.  She cried and begged him to
untie her, but he whipped her breasts until she gave in."

       "She did it?"

       "Yes, she sucked them all."

       "That's rape," Cathy said indignantly. "They shouldn't do that to a woman
who isn't willing."

       "No, they shouldn't," Rose said. "But that's not the whole story."

       "Oh?'

       "After he made he suck every cock in the room, her husband put nipple
clamps on her and made her crawl around to each man and kiss his feet and thank
him for allowing her to suck him. She was sobbing the entire time. Then they put
both of us on  whipping horses."

       "What happened then?"

       "They fucked us," Rose said simply.

       "Well, at least the night wasn't a total waste for you," her daughter
said.

       "True, except they were in such a hurry that the didn't unstrap my legs,
they just lifted me off the post and bent me over that horse. That's why my legs
are killing me today."

       "Have you soaked in a hot bath?"

       "Yes, last night when your dad brought me home. I even let him watch."

       "Let him watch you soak in the tub?"

       "Uh huh, of course I played with my pussy while I soaked. I told your dad
he could masturbate while he watched me."

       "Mom, you are so sweet to poor Daddy," Cathy laughed.

       "Well, he spurted all over me when he came."

       "Way to go Dad!"

       Rose laughed

       "Getting back to last night," Cathy said. "What happened to that poor
woman?"

       "Her husband made her crawl out behind him on her hands and knees. She
was crying like a little girl when they left."

       "She ought to leave that son of a bitch," Cathy said heatedly.

       "Well, , , hold on," her mother said. "You father told me that when they
came out she was grinning from ear to ear and was so excited she was practically
dancing."

       "What?"

       "She was still naked and when they got into their car she was all over
her husband, kissing and hugging him. She had her head in his lap when they
drove away and you father hoped she wouldn't cause her husband to wreck the
car."

       "It was all a fake?"

       "I don't think so," Rose said. "I honestly believe that it was her first
time being tortured, at least publicly, but her crying and begging was an act."

       "Why bother to do that?" Cathy asked.

       "Who knows," her mother said. "Maybe being forced is part of her fantasy,
or perhaps she didn't want the others to know she enjoyed it."

       "She should be honest about it," Cathy said. "The great thing about being
a slave is you can be as slutty as you want and nobody cares."

       "Yes, I know, but not every woman understands that."

       "If more women let themselves be tied up and fucked, there would be fewer
psychiatrists in business," Cathy said, with all the wisdom of a college
freshman.

       "You are absolutely right Dear."

      

			CH7

      

      

       The Richards Corporation was approached by another firm with an offer for
a lucrative contract. The CEO of that firm was in town for negotiations. Mister
Richards met with him over several days and invited him to his home. Rose was
ordered to appear and please the master's guest. The guest, a Mister Sowell, was
quite kinky and put Rose through a very strenuous evening of torture and sex.
She was sore, tired and satisfied when her husband drove her home. A few days
later when the two men met is Mister Richards' office to sign the contract Rose
was there in her capacity as Richards' assistant. Sowell recognized her
instantly.

       As a slave Rose had no choice but to submit to the man, but fully dressed
and in the office she felt a distaste for him. She didn't like the way he looked
at her. When the contracts were signed Mister Richards invited Sowell to dinner
to celebrate. During the evening Sowell asked a favor of Richards, he asked to
have the use of his slave for another night.

       The master ordered Scott to present Rose to Sowell in his hotel suite the
next evening. Since he could hardly lead her through the hotel bound and naked,
he covered her with a long cape. For the first time ever Rose went to a torture
session with a heavy heart.

       Scott delivered her on time and was told by Sowell to return in the
morning.

       Rose was stripped of her cloak as soon as the door closed behind her. She
was thrown on a bed and her legs tied apart. Sowell was on her, and in her in
seconds. He fucked her violently, then left the room when he finished. Two large
men came in and removed her from the bed. They were exactly the same kind of
large tough men that the master used as his body guards.

       They gagged and blindfolded her, then wrapped her in her cloak. Rose was
led out of the room and to a back stairwell. She couldn't manage the stairs
well, so one of the men threw her over his shoulder and carried her. She heard a
door open and felt the cool night air. She was placed in a car and heard the
door slam. She wondered if she had failed to please Sowell and was being sent
home.

       Blindfolded, Rose had no idea where the car was going, It drove for half
an hour, then stopped. She was lifted out and slung over someone's shoulder. She
felt herself being carried up a short set of steps, set on her feet while her
cape was removed, then pushed into a chair. A seat belt was buckled around her
body and she heard the door close. Immediately she heard the whine of jet
engines starting. She was in an airplane!

       Rose tried to speak through the gag, she struggled in her bonds. A
jarring slap on her face stunned her. A male voice told her to sit still and
keep quiet. There was such menace in the voice that she obeyed instantly.

       The plane took off and Rose began to cry. Where was she being taken? Had
the master ordered this? "How long would she be away?

      

       When Scott arrived at the hotel the next morning the suite was empty. The
desk clerk told him that Mister Sowell had checked out at an hour earlier. Scott
told the clerk that he was to pick up a package and demanded the key to the
suite to see if it had been left behind. He raised such a fuss that the clerk
summoned a bell boy to take Scott to the room. A maid was already cleaning up.
Scott searched every closet, no Rose. Stunned, he ordered the maid and bellboy
out of the room and called Mister Richards.

       Richards was astonished when Scott told him that Rose was not to be
found. Richards tried to telephone Sowell but there was no answer on his cell
phone. He called Sowell's office and demanded that Sowell be informed that he
was to call immediately.

       Scott waited outside Mister Richards' office all day, there was no word
from Sowell.

      

       When the plane leveled off Rose felt hands on her body. Someone unbuckled
her seat belt and began toying with her breasts and pussy. Despite her fear, she
was soon excited. Strong hands bent her over the seat of her chair. A massive
cock slid into her pussy from behind.

       When the first man came inside her, he was replaced by another. This time
the cock forced its way in her ass. She had been fucked there many times before,
but rarely with a cock so large. It hurt initially, but he soon was enjoying her
self.

      

       Rose was gone for three days. Mister Richards called Sowell several times
a day until he finally got a reply. Richards demanded that Sowell return Rose
immediately. Sowell blithely told him that he didn't think that Richards would
mind if he borrowed on of his slaves for a few weeks, in fact, the slave was so
unimportant that he hadn't thought it was necessary to even ask Richards for
permission. Sowell offered to send a slave of his own to replace Rose. In a cold
fury Richards told Sowell that if Rose was not returned that very day, Sowell
would not only suffer the total destruction of his fortune, but could expect
revenge of a very personal note. Sowell told Richards that he didn't like being
threatened, but as a gesture of good will would put Rose on a plane the next
morning. Richards' response was so quiet, yet full of menace that Sowell changed
his mind and told Richards that she would be enroute home within the hour.

       Mister Richards called Scott and told him that Rose would arrive at the
airport in three hours and gave the flight number. He told Scott to meet Rose
with the limo and she was to have al the time off she needed, and to call him if
she required anything else.

       Cathy rushed home from college when her father called and told her that
her mother had disappeared. She went to the airport with her father. Rose looked
haggard when she got off the plane. Her eyes were sunken and her face looked
tired. She wore a too large over coat and the same spiked heels she had been
delivered to Sowell in. She burst into tears and hugged her husband and
daughter. Passersby smiled at the touching family reunion. In the limo Rose
curled up next to Scott on the front seat.

       The next morning she seemed back to her old self. Scott sat with her for
a while until she shooed him away. She sipped coffee and told Cathy about her
abduction.

       "They fucked me on the plane," she said. "Two big men, but that awful
Mister Sowell wasn't there."

       "How many times?" her daughter asked.

       "Once apiece. Then they left me alone. When we landed I was carried off
the plane and driven somewhere. I didn't even know what city I was in. They kept
me blindfolded the whole time."

       "During the drive, or the whole time you were there?"

       "The whole time I was there. I never had the blindfold off in three
days."

       "Wow."

       "We arrived somewhere, and I was walked into a building. It had the feel
of a big house, like the masters. I was put into  a room and my wrists were
released. A man with a deep voice told me I could use the toilet, but not to try
to take off the blindfold. I was too scared to disobey. I felt around until I
found the toilet and sat down."

       "Did he watch you pee?" Cathy asked.

       "I don't know, I didn't try to peek.'

       "Then what happened?"

       "I was grabbed and tied to a bed and fucked by two men."

       "The same ones on the plane?"

       "Yes."

       "How could you tell?"

       "By their feel and weight and smell," Rose said.

       "Oh."

       "After they finished they ungagged me and told me to go to sleep."

       "Did you?"

       "I lay there for a long time, then someone untied me from the bed but
told me not to take off the blindfold. I heard him shut a door, so I got up and
felt my way around the room. I was in a prison cell, I touched the bars. I felt
my way around the room like a blind woman and found a sink and the toilet again
and the bed, nothing else. I didn't dare take off the blindfold, which was good
because the second time I made my way around the cell a man told me to lie down
and go to sleep."

       "You were being watched?"

       "Yes, he must have been outside watching me through the bars. I lay on
the bed and tried to sleep but I was too  scared. As I lay there I began to
notice other little noises including the sound of people sleeping."

       "Other slaves?"

       "I believe there were other cells with slaves in them and a jailer or
keeper was on duty watching us. I heard him speak to other people during the
night."

       "How many were there?"

       "I have no idea. Once during the night I heard someone fucking. I
supposed it was  the jailer fuckeing one of the other slaves."

       "Did he fuck you too?"

       "No, but the sounds and being so helpless made me horny. I played with my
pussy."

       "Did you come?"

       "Yes, but I had help."

       "Help?"

       "I heard a sound so I stopped. A man told me to keep doing it. I was
startled because I thought he was busy fucking someone else."

       "Was it the same voice?"

       "I think so. He told me to keep masturbating, so I did. It was exciting
knowing he was watching, lots better than when your father watches me."

       "Cool."

       "It was strange, but I was really turned on by not being able to see him.
I could only imagine what he looked like."

       "Yeah," Cathy said, "I can see how it would be exciting."

       "When I was getting really close to coming, the man told me to stop."

       "Oh no."

       "He ordered me to crawl to the bars. I knew what was next. He guided me
to his cock and ordered me to suck it. It was sticky from the last woman he
fucked."

       "Ewww."

       "I didn't mind, anyway I knelt there and sucked him till he spurted in my
mouth. I was playing with my pussy while the whole time, and when he came he
told me not to move."

       "Then what?"

       "He ordered me to press my body against the bars and push my boobs
between them. He pulled my arms through them and handcuffed my wrists to the
bars. He touched my pussy and played with it until I came. Then he uncuffed me
and told me to get back in bed. I fell right to sleep."

       "Did you sleep well?"

       "Yes, but I don't know how long I slept. When they woke me I was taken to
a wash room."

       "A wash room?"

       "Yes. I was hung by my wrists and my legs were tied apart and somebody
washed my entire body."

       "That actually sounds interesting," Cathy said.

       "It wasn't bad," her mother said. "Who ever he was he made sure my pussy
was nice and clean."

       "Then what?"

       "I was taken somewhere, tied to a chair and fed breakfast."

       "Were your hands tied?"

       "Yes. Someone fed me every bite with a fork and held a coffee cup to my
lips. That's how I ate the whole time I was there."

       "That's very sexy," her daughter said.

       "And after breakfast I was tortured for hours."

       "Good torture?"

       "Very good. I never saw who did it but they knew what they were doing,
and they had lots of equipment. I was strapped into a dozen different
restraining devices."

       "Cool."

       "Its impossible to get a feel for time when you're blindfolded," Rose
said. "My torture seemed to go on for ever. I was given breaks, or rather my
torturers took breaks from time to time, then I was fed and taken to my cell and
allowed to sleep. Then I would be wakened and put through it all again. I don't
know if I slept an hour or ten hours at a time."

       "Actually that doesn't sound too bad, Mom," Cathy said.

       "No, it wasn't," her mother replied, "I came many, many times. At first I
thought the master had sent me there, and wondered how long I'd be kept away
from home. Then I started to worry that he had given me away permanently."

       "No, Dad said the master was furious that Sowell had kidnapped you. He
listened to the master talking to Sowell on the phone demanding that you be
returned. I don't think you have to worry Mom, Like I said before, I think the
master might be in love with you."

       "That's sweet, Dear. I know now that he wouldn't just give me away, but
at the time I was worried."

       "Poor Mom," Cathy hugged her mother. "What else did they do to you?"

       "My existence settled down to sleeping and eating, torture and fucking,"
Rose said.

       "And being washed?"

       "Well, yes, that was nice too." Her mother admitted. "I was so tired that
I usually went right to sleep when I was put in my cell, but sometimes I played
with my pussy hoping the guard would be  watching."

       "And?"

       "Sometimes he would be watching, and came into my cell and fucked me.
Once there were several guards watching. They made me suck them through the
bars."

       "That sounds really neat."

         "Once I was tortured with other slaves. I think it was a party because
I could hear other women screaming and lots of men talking. I was fucked a lot
of times on that occasion."

       "Did you scream too?"

       "Oh, you'd better believe I did. Whoever they were they knew how to hurt
a woman."

       "Darn, and I wasn't there," her daughter pouted. "How did you finally get
out?"

       " I was wakened and washed and fed then someone put that coat on me and
tied my wrists. I was walked out to a car. They drove me to an airport. My
blindfold was taken off but my eyes were so sensitive  that I cried when the
light hit them. It took a long time for them to adjust. The men driving me were
angry, but they didn't want to drop me off crying. They were afraid I might
attract attention. They parked the car and let my eyes adjust, then they untied
me and handed me a plane ticket and some cash and dropped me off at the
terminal. That's when I found out where I was. I read the sign over the terminal
doors."

       "Where were you?"

       "Seattle. I walked through the terminal wearing that awful coat, my heels
and nothing else. I went into a ladies room and was horrified when I looked in a
mirror. I had no makeup and I looked horrid. I bought some makeup at a shop and
tried to make myself presentable."

       "You looked good when I saw you get off that plane," her daughter said.

       "Thank you dear, that's sweet."

      

       That morning an enormous bouquet of flowers was delivered from the
master, and he called twice to check on Rose. He was quite solicitous and told
her to take all the time off she wanted. He told her that her husband could take
off from work too.

       Cathy went back to school and Rose decided to return to work after a
couple of days. The master called her to his office.

       "I have to apologize for the disgusting behavior of my guest," he said.
"I had no idea that Sowell would attempt to steal you away like he did. It will
never happen again. I will never permit someone to abuse my hospitality like
that."

       "I hope you won't stop them from abusing  your slave," Rose said smiling
impishly. He looked at her in astonishment, then laughed.

       "No, I won't prevent that, " he said. "I'll just make sure that they
don't run away with you."

       "Perhaps you should keep me locked in a dungeon in your house," Rose
said. "That way you'll always know where I am."

       "You would like that?" he asked.

       "I would love it," she said. "But unfortunately I'm a married woman with
a daughter. I suppose I should live at home with my husband."

       He looked at her thoughtfully. "I will have a dungeon built for you
immediately. If ever you decide to leave your husband, it will be yours."

       "Thank you sir, but what about my daughter? She would be jealous if she
didn't have a dungeon too."

       He smiled. "Your daughter is a wonderful girl, but she's not half the
woman you are." He opened a desk drawer and took out a small box.

       "I hope this will be a small compensation for your troubles."

       Rose gasped when she opened the box. It contained and diamond bracelet
and earrings. They were worth a fortune. "You didn't have to do this," she said.

       "It was a pleasure picking them out for you," he said. He handed her an
envelope and another smaller box.

       "The envelope is from Mister Sowell, in apology.  It is for you and your
husband. The other thing is for your daughter.

       Rose opened the box, it contained a set of pearl earrings. The envelope
held a large sum of money.

       "Thank you, sir," she said. "Forgive me, but I somehow don't think that
Mister Sowell is the kind of man to send me a gift like this."

       "He isn't," the master said grimly, "But I sent an emissary to discuss
the matter with him, and Sowell finally agreed that it might be the right thing
to do."

       "Thank you," she said. "And I was wondering when you might want to whip
me again?"

       "I thought you might want some time to recover." he said.

       "I'm ready when ever you want me. Tonight if you like."

       "Very well, have your husband deliver you to the house at seven."

      

       The next day Rose was in her office when a company executive entered.

       "Hi Rose, remember that gentleman from Seattle, Mister Sowell?"

       "Yes, I remember him."

       "I found and interesting article in a Seattle newspaper, thought you
might like to read it."

       Rose took the clipping.

      

       	'Seattle General Hospital admitted Karl Sowell, chairman and CEO of
Sowell

       	Industries after he suffered a fall in the parking garage of a downtown
office

       	building. Also injured was Vito Lucci, Mr Sowell's driver and bodyguard.

       	   Mister Sowell told hospital staff that he slipped and Lucci attempted
to grab

       	him to keep him from falling, but Lucci missed his grip and both men
took a

        tumble down a flight of stairs.

       	   Sowell's injuries consisted of broken ribs, a broken collarbone and
nose, black

       	eyes and various bruises and contusions. Lucci suffered a broken arm and
jaw.

       	   An unnamed source at the hospital stated that the men's injuries were
more

       	consistent with someone who had been in a fight than in a fall. A
spokesman

       	for Sowell denied that Sowell or Lucci had been involved in anything
more than

       	a misstep on a flight of stairs.

       	   A police investigation determined that although the garage attendant
saw a

       heavy set well dressed man leaving the garage moments after Sowell's
accident,

       there were no witnesses to the actual incident.'



	Rose took the news paper clipping to the master's office and placed it
on his desk. Mister Richards read the article, then looked at her.

	"May I ask who you sent to Seattle to talk with Mister Sowell?" she
asked.

	"I sent one of my body guards, Gino," he said.

	Gino was at that moment sitting outside Mister Richards' office.

	"May I have your permission to express my gratitude to Gino?" Rose
asked.

	He pressed the intercom and asked Gino to come in.

	"Mrs. Rhodes wishes to express her gratitude for your visit to Seattle,"
Richards to the guard. "You may have her for the rest of the day."  

	

	Rose got her purse and met Gino in the parking lot. She slid onto the
front seat of the master's car.

       "So, what have you got in mind?" he asked.

       "Anything you want," she said.

       "Ok, for starters, pull up your skirt and show me your panties."

       "I can't do that."

       "Why not?"

       She lifted her skirt. "Because I'm not wearing any panties, see?"

       He smiled, "Ok, well unzip my fly and give me a blow job till we get to
my place."

       Rose lay across the seat and sucked Gino's cock until they arrived at his
apartment. She was disappointed that he didn't take her to the master's house,
but when he tied her to his bed she decided it didn't really matter. Gino didn't
keep any whips at his apartment, but a leather belt sufficed to whip Rose into a
delightful orgasm, Gino's cock brought her to several more.

      

       Cathy was jealous when she heard that her mother had been fucked by Gino
for several hours. She decided to figure out a way to get him to take her to his
apartment.




MD 4



						CH 8





	Cathy came home from college one weekend and brought Sue. Sue ran to
Rose and kissed her on the lips. Rose, torn between laughter and dismay, kissed
her briefly, then gently disengaged herself. Cathy kissed her mom on the cheek
as a proper daughter should.

	"What have you two been up to," Rose asked.

	"Sex," Cathy said, matter of factly.

	"Kinky sex," Sue added.

	"I'm sorry I asked," Rose said.

	"We've been tying each other in our dorm room," Sue said. "We take turns
each night."

	"Yeah, but we have to be careful and not get too loud," Cathy said. "We
don't want everybody in the dorm to know that we're lesbians."

	"We aren't lesbians," Sue said, self righteously. "We're bi sexual. We
only each eat other because there's no one else to tie us up." She looked at
Rose meaningfully.

	"I'm glad you cleared that up," Rose laughed. "I'd hate to think my own
daughter is a lesbian."

	"You mean on top of being a slave and a slut, and a masochist?" Cathy
asked.

	"You forgot nymphomaniac," her mother said.

	"Yeah, but that runs in the family."

	"That's true," her mother conceded. "Which is enough for a nineteen year
old."

	"Give me time," Cathy said. "I'm sure I'll learn more as I get older."

	"Speaking of machochists," Sue said to Rose. "I'm in a masochistic mood.
How about letting Cathy tie you and me together?"

	"Haven't you had enough for one day?" Cathy asked laughing.

	"Nope."

	"What have you done today?" Rose asked.

	"She rode all the way here tied up," Cathy answered.

	"Yes, She tied me in the car with my knees apart and played with my
pussy all the way here," Sue said.

	"Poor thing," Rose laughed.

	"Yeah!" Sue said heatedly. "But she wouldn't let me come. Every time I
got close, she pulled her hand away."

	Cathy smiled. "She is pretty horny, Mom."

	Sue knelt beside Rose and kissed her foot. "Can we be tied together?
Please?"

	"Oh, I don't know," Rose said, pretending reluctance. "I have so many
things to do. I planned to clean house tonight."

	"I'll clean your house later," Sue said. "But please let's get tied up
now?"

	"Oh, , , all right," Rose said in mock resignation.



	"What about Dad?" Cathy asked, as she tied her mother to the bed. "Where
is he?"

	"He's chauffeuring some guests for the master. They are going to dinner
and a show tonight," Rose said. "He won't be home till quite late."

	"How come you aren't part of the evening's entertainment?" Cathy asked.

	"They aren't that kind of guest," her mother said. "Not everyone the
master entertains is into  torturing women."

	"Oh."

	"My wrists are too loose, tighten them and tie Sue on top of me."

	Cathy tied Sue to her mother, then  tightened each buckle another notch.
She peered down at her mother, whose tongue was already inside Sue's pussy. Rose
winked at her daughter. Cathy patted Sue on the butt, then left the room.



	The following morning Sue kept her promise to clean house. She waited
until Scott left, then stripped naked and buckled herself into cuffs and a
collar and began dusting. Cathy added a hobble and pair of high heels to Sue's
ensemble, then followed her around flicking Sue with a riding cop and barking
orders at her, until Rose decided to put Cathy into bondage and made her help.
Then she followed them both with the riding crop.

	Cathy and Sue begged Rose to get Sue into the master's torture room.
Despite all their previous activities, Rose still felt hesitant to place Sue in
the hands of the master's men. She told Sue of the many times when her torture
sessions had resulted in days of painful recovery and long lasting welts and
bruises. Unfortunately, this excited Sue so much that her face took on a
distant, glassy eyed expression, and she began masturbating in front of Rose and
Cathy.

	"You're wasting your time trying to scare her off Mom, Cathy said as
they watched Sue rubbing her pussy. "I told all about the time the butler caned
you so hard you couldn't walk, all it does is make her horny."

	Reluctantly, Rose telephoned the master and told him about Sue. He too
was hesitant about bringing a young girl into his home. Cathy and Sue listened
as Rose talked to him and Sue, unable to restrain herself grabbed the phone from
Rose and begged him to torture her. Rose struggled to retrieve the phone and
after a brief tussle, wrested it away from Sue. Embarrassed, Rose apologized to
the master, but he was laughing when she got back on the line, and told her to
bring Sue, Cathy, and herself to his house that night.

  

	Scott's face grew red when he arrived home and was informed that he was
to drive his wife and daughter to the master's for an evening of sex.

	"What about Cathy's roommate?" he demanded, "What is she going to think
when she sees you walking out wearing nothing but bondage things?"

	"Actually, she's going with us, Dad." Cathy told him.

	Scott glared at his wife.

	"Its not Mom's fault," Cathy said. "I told Sue about me and Mom being
slaves a long time ago."

	"That's just great!"

	"And uh, , , she and I have been sort of practicing together in our room
at school." Cathy decided not to tell her father what they had already done in
the house.

	Scott glared at his wife and daughter for a moment, then stomped away.

	

	When the time came to leave, Sue was so excited she couldn't stand
still. She ran down the stairs naked and waited impatiently for Scott to buckle
Rose and Cathy into their restraints. He was still angry and yanked the straps
tight on his wife and daughter. They yelped and squeaked, but their nipples
rose. When it was Sue's turn, he buckled them on her more gently. She looked up
at him, her face pink with excitement.

	"Would you make my cuffs really tight too?" she asked,  "I like them
tight."

	"Have you worn these kind of things before?" he asked.

	"Yes sir, many times."

	"Have you any idea what's going to happen to you?" he asked her.

	"Oh God, yes," she said, her nipples perking up.

	He shook his head in resignation.

	Scott clipped leashes to their collars and started to lead them out the
door. Sue stopped him.

	"Mister Rhodes?"

	"What is it?"

	"Don't forget my pussy chain."



       CH 9	



	Sue gasped when they were led into the master's torture room. Her eyes
were wide and bright as she took in the harnesses, racks, crosses, hoists and
whipping horses.

	Mister Richards had the guards tie her to a kneeling post, then he sat a
chair in front of her and talked to her a long time, warning her, questioning
her, giving her many opportunities to back out. She steadfastly told him that
she wanted to stay and begged him to teach her to be a good slave. Finally he
gave up and ordered the torture to begin.

	Leaving Sue kneeling, he had Rose hoisted upside down with her legs wide
apart, then he told the butler to demonstrate his skill with the cane.

	Rose was screaming within minutes. There was no warm up, the cane
slashed into her pussy savagely dozens of times. The master left Rose ungagged
so Sue could hear her screams. When after half an hour Rose fainted, she was
lowered to the floor and her daughter hoisted in her place. Cathy too was soon
shrieking in pain. Sue never took her eyes from them. As she watched them caned
to insensibility, her face took on a look of pure lust. Her eyelids lowered, her
mouth parted, her breasts rose and fell, she wriggled in her bonds.

	"Do you wish to leave?" the master asked her quietly. She shook her head
without taking her eyes off Cathy's writhing body.

	"When will it be my turn?"

	

	Cathy didn't faint, but her screams finally died to tiny squeaking
whimpers. The master had her lowered to the floor and ordered the butler to
hoist Sue in her place.

	Sue experienced a tiny orgasm when her legs were pulled apart and
buckled to the hoist bar. The butler was ordered to go lightly on her, but he
was unable to restrain putting a few smart blows on her pussy. Sue orgasmed
within minutes and the men in the room were treated to the incredible animal
sounds she made when coming. Her body thrashed wildly beneath the bar and her
growls, roars and screaming moans echoed off the walls.

	"Goddam!" whispered one of the guards. "This little girl is something!"
His companion nodded, awed by the sight.

	Sue's violent orgasmic convulsions startled even the sadistic butler,
who paused. Sue's eyes flew open and looked at him accusingly. "Why did you
stop, you bastard?" she screamed. "More, hit me more!"

	The butler complied.

	Rose had recovered from her faint, and lay on the floor watching. The
master bent over her. They looked at Sue, then their eyes met and both shrugged.
The master lifted her to her feet. She leaned shakily against  him as he walked
her to a whipping horse and bent her over it. One of the guards strapped Cathy
to a horse beside her mother and slid his cock inside her. The master began
fucking Rose.

	Sue was screaming through her fourth or fifth orgasm when she noticed
what was happening to Rose and Cathy. She stopped writhing, her screams stilled,
as she stared at the cocks pumping in and out of their pussies. The sight sent
her over the edge.

	Sue went wild, she thrashed like a fish on a line. She came and came and
came, and her screams penetrated the walls of the house, startling Scott waiting
in the car, and the guard chatting with him. Both looked at each other, then ran
into the house. They ran toward the torture room, then the guard slowed and
motioned Scott to the observation room. From there Scott winced to see his wife
and daughter being fucked side by side.

       Sue was being lowered to the floor. As soon as her back came to rest, the
butler was atop her, thrusting his cock inside her. She looked unconscious, but
when the butler's cock entered her pussy, her eyes flew open and she looked at
his with an expression of pure lust. Scott clearly read her lips as she spoke to
the butler.

       "Fuck me to death, you old bastard," she said.

       The guard with Scott sagged against the wall with relief. "Damn, I
thought somebody was being killed in here," he whispered. "She screams louder
than your wife."

       Scott said nothing. His eyes had returned to his wife and daughter. The
master had spurted into Rose's pussy and was putting his cock in her mouth so
she could lick it clean. Another guard was just thrusting  his cock in her
rectum. His daughter's eyes were closed but a faint smile played on her mouth as
another man fucked her. 

        "Looks like we got a new slave girl," the guard with Scott said, as they
let themselves out of the observation booth. "Another nymphomaniac."

       "Yeah, and she'll probably move into my house with the other two," Scoot
said gloomily.

      

 	Finding that his fears for Sue were ungrounded, the master let loose all
restrictions. The guards and the butler fucked them for hours. To her delight,
Sue was tied to a whipping horse beside Rose and Cathy. She enjoyed repeated
fuckings and spankings, and never took her eyes off Rose. Rose turned to her
from time to time and smiled encouragingly, but was too preoccupied to give much
thought to anything but what was happening inside her pussy and ass.

	The session went into the early morning hours. Scott was asleep in the
car when the guards emerged from the house carrying the slaves. Rose was awake,
but both Cathy and Sue were unconscious.

Scott opened the door and the guards placed the women in the car. Rose fell
asleep before they were out of the driveway.

	At home Scott carried them inside one by one. He put Rose in bed, then
returned for Cathy and Sue. He lowered Sue in her bed, but when he brought Cathy
upstairs, Sue was lying in his bed beside his wife. Disgusted, he placed Cathy
in bed, then went back to lock up the car. He wasn't really surprised when he
returned and found Cathy in bed with Rose and Sue. They were sound asleep.

	Scott looked down at the naked women in his bed. He took out his cock
and masturbated. When he spurted onto the sheets, his daughter opened her eyes
for a moment.

	"Good night, Daddy," she said sleepily and closed her eyes.



	None of the slaves were moving very fast the next day. Every step was
accompanied with groans. Sue had great difficulty walking, and spent most of the
day face down in Rose's bed. Rose rubbed lotion into Sue's welts, which turned
the girl on, and despite her injuries, she begged to eat Rose's pussy.  Cathy
heard them and peeked in, then had to divert her father who started up the
stairs. She pleaded with him to look at her car, which she claimed was running a
little rough.

	Scott couldn't find anything wrong with the car, and when he went
upstairs half an hour later his wife and their house guest were asleep.

	That evening at dinner Sue asked if they could go the master's house
again that evening. Rose had to make it very clear to Sue that she was a slave
now, and slaves never made demands on the master. They had to wait to be
summoned. Sue pouted and was only cheered up when Rose agreed to tie her and
Cathy together in Cathy's bed for the night.

      

      

       CH 10





	The master kept his promise and had a dungeon built for Rose in the
basement of his house. He told Scott to bring her for a night's torture, but
informed him that his wife would be staying the night and there was no need for
him to wait. Scott delivered her naked and tightly bound, and wearing five inch
heels. She was blindfolded and on a short hobble, and wore a new collar which
was so high and stiff that her chin was forced upward. 

	The collar had been delivered to her desk that morning. She took into
the ladies' room and tried it on. It forced her head back so much that she was
looking at the ceiling, She had to tilt her whole body sideways just to see
herself in the mirror. She removed it and put it away until the evening, but
tried it on several more times during the day.

	The collar had been custom ordered by the master, and was so tight that
Rose sprinkled her neck liberally with baby powder before asking her husband to
lock it on her.

	"Can you breathe in this thing?" Scott asked, as he prepared her for the
evening.

	"Yes, that's not a problem," Rose said. "But I can't see where I'm
going."

	"That doesn't matter," Scott said. "You'll be blindfolded anyway."

	"True."

	"I think you might have trouble sucking cocks, in it," Scott said,
sarcastically.

	"Oooh, you may be right," she said. "Even on my knees my head is tipped
too far back." She considered the matter. She baby stepped into the living room,
shuffling in the tight hobble.

	"Lay me on my stomach on the coffee table," she said. "I want to try
something."

	Scott lowered her onto the table.

	"This will be ok," she said. "As long as my body is horizontal I can
suck just fine. If he wants my mouth he'll have to put me on a whipping horse or
the bed."

		

	The master was waiting at the top of the driveway when they arrived. He
watched Rose struggle out of the car and totter precariously in her high heels.
He took her leash from Scott and led her toward the house. Scott watched his
wife jiggle as she minced across the pavement. She had difficulty climbing the
steps until the master gave her a few sound whacks across her thighs with a
riding crop. She squealed and tried to lift a foot to the first step. The master
said something in her ear and smacked her butt with the crop. Rose took a deep
breath, bent her knees, and hopped up the step. She teetered for a moment, then
spurred by another crack on her butt, hopped to the next step. Her breasts
bounced delightfully, and the guard at the door grinned as he watched.

	Rose was panting when she finally reached the top step. The guard
whispered something to the master, who laughed and nodded. The guard picked Rose
up, carried her back down the steps, and  told her to hop up the stairs again.
She giggled the whole way the second time. The master tugged on her leash and
she hopped into the house. She was still giggling as she disappeared through the
door.



	The master led Rose past the torture room to the stairs at the back of
the house. He tossed her over his shoulder and carried her down stairs. At the
bottom, he set her on her feet and removed her blindfold. She smiled in delight
as he led her through the dungeon.

	The walls were covered in rough stone, and set with rings high and low.
The lighting was low and indirect. The corridor held a row of four cells,
equipped with prison bars. The first cell had a small sign over the door. It was
her name in gold letters on a ebony black background. She was very flattered.

	The master led her into the cell. It held a larger bed than she
expected, and a tiny bathroom, which was screened by view by a wall. Rings were
in place in the ceiling and walls and around the edges of the bed.

	"Is this satisfactory?" the master asked.

	"Yes sir, very satisfactory," she said. "But when I was at Mister
Sowell's dungeon, the bathroom was in full sight of the guards."

	"I decided to make a small concession to decency," the master said.
"Even a slave deserves some privacy at times, especially if she lives in a cell
like this all her life."

	Rose's heart leapt. "Are you going to keep me here the rest of my life?"
she whispered.

	"Its crossed my mind," he said. "But we have to give it a lot more
thought."

	"What would I do here," she asked.

	"Eat, sleep, and wait to be punished. I rather like the idea of having
you here when I want you," he said. "Of course, you'd also be available to my
staff and guests."

 	"Oh, my God," she thought, "Could I live in a dungeon the rest of my
life, with nothing to do but be tortured and fucked?" Her pussy throbbed and her
nipples burned. "Damn right I could!"

	A thought intruded; "But what about my daughter and husband?"

	"There are extra cells," the master said. "One for your daughter and
another for her friend. They could live here permanently, if they choose, or
come for visits."

	"What about my husband?"

	"I suppose I would have to find out his asking price for you," the
master said.

	"What if he asks too much?"

	"I would pay the price," he said simply.

       She blinked back tears of happiness. "Can I ask you something?"

       "Certainly."

       She pressed her breasts against the cell bars and rubbed them back and
forth. "Can we use my cell tonight? That bed needs to be broken in, and I need
desperately for you to fuck me."

      

       The master tied her to the bed and fucked her silly. Then he chained her
to the wall and summoned one of the guards and instructed him to whip her until
she screamed her loudest, then he walked up stairs.

       Mister Richards had the walls and ceiling of the dungeon soundproofed,
and he walked around the house checking to see if Rose's screams could be heard.
When he was satisfied that they could not, he returned to the dungeon and
watched the remainder of her whipping. He rewarded the guard by having Rose suck
his cock, then sent him away. Mister Richards whipped and spanked and fucked
Rose until the wee hours of the morning.

       Rose spent the night in her cell, and slept until midmorning the next
day. She awoke and waited patiently for someone to release her. The butler
finally came down the stairs carrying her breakfast, but  made her suck his cock
through the bars before allowing her to eat. When she finished her breakfast, he
opened her cell door and led her upstairs. Scott was waiting on the driveway and
took her home.

      

       Cathy called from college that evening and Sue listened in as Rose
recounted her night's experiences. They gasped in awe when she told them that
the master had built the dungeon, and squealed hysterically when she told them
that they each had a cell reserved. Rose heard some odd noises over the phone,
then the line went dead. She called Cathy's room but the line was busy.  Finally
Cathy got back on the line.

       "What's the matter?" Rose asked.

       "Sue freaked out and took her clothes off," Cathy said. "Then she started
tearing at my clothes. We knocked the phone off the stand."

       "Is she ok?"

	"Yeah, she wouldn't leave me alone long enough for me to finish hearing
your story, so I hog-tied her. I've got her between my legs now and I'm making
her lick my pussy."

	"Oh, my!"

	"Yep, I'll untie her in the morning, if she does a good job."

	Rose's hand crept to her own pussy.

	"Finish telling me about the dungeon," Cathy said.

	By the time Rose had recounted everything, Cathy was breathing heavily.
Rose listened to her sigh and gasp as Sue ate her pussy. Rose's fingers were
frantically rubbing her pussy as her daughter's sighs grew louder and louder.
Her husband walked into the room and stared at  his wife, lying on the couch,
her legs apart, her hand in her panties.

	"What's this? Phone sex?" he demanded.

	She nodded and pointed to his fly. He unzipped his trousers and took out
his cock and masturbated watching his wife. Rose listened to Cathy's sighs
change to moans, and she came when Cathy did. A moment later her husband spurted
cum all over the furniture.   



       CH 11



	Most of their neighbors knew that something strange was going on in the
Rhodes house. A few had seen Scott leading his wife and daughter naked and bound
to the limo and driving away with them. Those who talked about it weren't
believed, listeners scoffed at the stories as preposterous, but most did agree
that something was up. A few of her friends stayed loyal to Rose, but some
avoided her.

	One morning she was resting after a strenuous night at the master's when
the door bell rang. Groaning with stiff muscles she opened the door to her next
door neighbor Vivian.

	"Hello Rose dear," Vivian smiled. "I thought I'd drop by and bring you
some cookies."

	Rose and Vivian had been friendly, but never particularly close. Rose
wondered why she was really there. She invited Vivian in and poured coffee,
Vivian noticed that Rose was moving slowly and asked if she was feeling all
right.

	"I'm fine," Rose told her. "Just stiff and sore."

	"Have you been overdoing exercises?" Vivian asked. "I noticed how
slender you've become, and assumed you must be working out."

	"Yes, I joined a fitness club," Rose said. "But that's not why I'm
sore."

	Vivian looked at her expectantly.

	"I was whipped particularly hard last night," Rose said.

	Vivian's mouth dropped open. "Did you say whipped?" she asked.

	"Um hmm, and caned too."

	Vivian stared for a moment then laughed, deciding that Rose must be
joking.

	"Why were you whipped?" she asked coyly. "Were you a bad lady?"

	"I've been a bad lady for a long time," Rose said. "But that wasn't why
I was whipped."

	Vivian's smile faded to puzzlement.

	"I'm sure you've heard the rumors," Rose said.

	"Oh, I never pay attention to  gossip," Vivian said.

	"Well, if you hear that I am having an affair with my boss, the rumor
would be true," Rose said.

	"Oh my God,"

	"Although, I suppose the term affair isn't quite accurate," Rose said
thoughtfully. "Actually, I'm his sex slave."

	"Rose Dear, I'm afraid I just don't understand."

	Rose sighed and told Vivian the story of her enslavement. She left out
nothing, even telling Vivian about Cathy and Sue. When she finished, Vivian just
stared at her open mouthed. She shook her head slightly, still unable to
believe.

	Rose motioned for Vivian to follow her. She opened the closet and showed
Vivian the collars and cuffs. Vivian's eyes were wide as she touched the whips
and straps. Rose slipped into a pair of spike heels, then dropped her robe and
slowly turned, displaying her welts. She walked back to the kitchen, sat down,
crossed her legs and poured more coffee. Stunned, Vivian followed her and sat
down. Rose sipped her coffee smiling at Vivian's astonishment. Vivian, too
shocked to speak, raised her cup to her lips.

	Mustering all the self control she could, Vivian managed a weak smile.

	"Its all right," Rose said. I prefer that people know the truth about
me."

	"Well, you can trust me," Vivian said weakly. "I won't tell a soul."

	"Actually, I don't mind if you do," Rose said. "My only concern is that
my husband would be more embarrassed than he already is."

	Vivian nodded absently. "Do you really enjoy being whipped?"

	Rose threw her back and laughed. "Oh God?" she said. "Another one."

	"Another one what?" Vivian asked.

	"Another woman, shocked, disapproving, disgusted with me, yet curious
and terrified, that she might be as secretly as wanton as I am."

	Vivian frowned and opened her mouth to deny that, then shrugged. "You
may be right," She admitted. "But I don't think I'm wild enough to let a man
whip me."

	"Sorry Vivian, I just meant that you were probably intrigued by my new
life."

	"I suppose I am," Vivian said honestly. "I never wanted to be whipped,
but I used to think about being spanked when I was younger."

	"Were you?"

	"Heavens no, I couldn't admit that to my husband."

	"I'll bet you could," Rose said. "And I'll bet he would like to do it."

	Vivian thought that over, then shrugged. "Maybe, a long time ago
perhaps, but we're too old now."

	"Vivian, you aren't even forty yet," Rose said. "Listen to me, when your
husband gets home, you meet him at the door naked and tell him you want him to
spank your butt off."

	"Do you think he would?"

	"Just do it."



	The next time Scott was walking his wife to the limo, Vivian was in her
front yard pruning rose bushes. He cringed when she saw his wife, naked and
bound, but his mouth dropped when Vivian smiled and waved.

	"You look wonderful, Rose," she called out. "Very sexy."

	"Thank you" Rose said to her. "Come over for coffee tomorrow."

       "All right. Have a nice time tonight."




MD 5

       CH 12





	Rose was at her desk one morning when Mister Richards called her to his
office. A gentleman was with him, and stood when she entered.

	"Mrs. Rhodes, this is my friend Ed Herriman," the master told her.
Herriman smiled and offered his hand. She smiled as they shook hands.

	"I'm pleased to meet you," she said.

	"Actually, we've already met," Herriman said. "But we weren't formally
introduced at the time."

	"Oh?"

	"Yes. I had the pleasure of your company two nights ago, at a party."

	Two nights earlier she had been tortured by the master and his guests.

	"Forgive me for not remembering you," she said. "But I was blindfolded
that evening."

	"And you were kept busy, as I recall," he said.

	She smiled, and her pussy tingled at the memory of a very erotic
evening. She had been whipped and tortured and fucked by  several men. She
recalled one in particular who fucked her repeatedly. She wondered if Herriman
was that man

	"Ed is a professional photographer," the master told her. "He wants to
photograph you."

	"Really?" she was surprised. "What sort of photographs?"

	"Bondage, S and M," Herriman answered.

	"Hard core?"

	"Probably not," he said. "I rarely do that."

	"Too bad."

	"Ed specializes in bondage photography and his work has been published
in many magazines," the master told her."

	Herriman opened a briefcase and took out several magazines. "This is
some of my work," he said, handing them to her.

	Rose opened the first and felt an instant sexual arousal. The pages were
filled with pictures of  bound women. In many pictures the women were solo, in
others they were shown dominated by other women.

	"There is a lot of lesbianism," she commented.

	"Is that a problem?" Herriman asked.

	"No," she said simply.

	"Ed and I have discussed this at length," the master told her.
"Including your fees,"

	"You have a good agent," Herriman laughed. "He plays hardball when he
negotiates. You are going to make a lot of money."

	"If she agrees to do it," the master said. He turned to Rose. "I've
given my permission, but only if you accept. This matter requires your consent."

	"I thought I gave my consent to obey you when you bought me," she said.
"I'll do what you want."

	"Jesus! You are a lucky son of a gun," Herriman said to the master.

	The master smiled proudly.

	"Nevertheless, there are factors to consider," he told Rose. "It could
be embarrassing if your pictures were recognized by friends or family."

	She waved her hand dismissively. "That doesn't concern me," she said.
"I'm not ashamed of what I am, but it concerns me that it might compromise my
position as your assistant."

	"We can see to it that you would not be recognized," Herriman said.
"Although I hate to cover your face, I can always have you wear blindfolds or
bondage hoods. We could even bring in a good makeup artists and change your
looks enough that people wouldn't recognize you."

	"What happens at the photo sessions?" she asked. "Are other people
present, or is it just you and I alone?"

 	"There will be people present," Herriman said. "I have a couple of
assistants and a makeup girl. Don't worry, you'll be safe."

	"I wasn't worried about being safe," she said, crossing her legs. "I was
just curious."

	"If you're concerned about having too many people watch, I can reduce
the number who will be there."

	She shook her head. "I lost my inhibitions long ago," she said. "Slavery
is actually quite liberating. The more people present, the merrier."

	



	Rose arrived for her first photo shoot at Herriman's studio. Her husband
drove her in the limo. A pretty receptionist greeted her and showed her to a
dressing room.

	"My name is Angie. I'll be taking care of you. The makeup girl will be
here in ten minutes. You can hang your clothes in the closet and take a shower
if you want."

	"Thanks, but I showered before leaving the house."

	Rose had provided her clothing sizes several days in advance, and Angie
had bought several sets of underwear and stockings. They were laid out in the
dressing room. Angie showed Rose a wardrobe filled with erotic costumes, garter
belts and shoes, and a prop room containing whips, chains, cuffs and collars.
Rose's nipples perked up at the sight.

	"You might want to undress and slip into a robe," the assistant
suggested. "So the makeup doesn't get on your clothes."

	Rose slipped her dress over her head. "Can you unhook my bra?"



	The makeup girl arrived and began working on Rose's face. She introduced
herself as Beth.

       Scott wandered around the studio until Angie gave him a cup of coffee and
showed him to a chair out of everyone's way. He watched as two men set up lights
and tripods. One of them entered the prop room and emerged carrying an armload
of restraint devices. He spread them on a table. Scott felt a twinge of jealousy
when he realized that he wouldn't be the one buckling them onto his wife.

       Ed Herriman arrived. He nodded distantly to Scott and walked into Rose's
dressing room. She was seated in a barber chair, her head on the back rest as
the makeup girl worked.

       "I'm going to start with a simple set up," Herriman told Rose. "You'll
start out in panties and bra and I'll shoot a roll or two of you in different
poses, Then we'll put you in handcuffs and add more things until you are tightly
chained up."

       "Mmm, sounds nice," Rose said.

       "Then we'll change your outfit and do a scenario with you in cuffs and a
collar."

       "Do I get to be naked?" she asked.

       "Yes, in fact, we'll remove your undies as we go. I think I'll have you
end up nude by the end of each scenario."

       "Excellent."

       "Depending on how fast the first shoot goes, we might put you in some
very stringent positions on a pole."

       "Just a pole?" she asked.

	"Don't worry, I don't think you'll be bored," he said with a smile. "I
can be a bit creative with a simple pole." He walked out of the dressing room.

	"That's for sure," Angie said.

	"What's that?" Rose asked.

	"The boss can tie a girl to a pole in ways she never dreamed possible,"
Angie said. "Lots of very sexy ways."

	The makeup girl nodded in agreement.

	"Does he tie you up?" Rose asked Angie.

	"Um hmm."

	Rose looked up at Beth, She blushed and nodded too.

	"Is it true that you are a slave twenty four seven?" Beth asked.

	"Yes, but not the way you think." Rose answered.

	"What do you mean?"

	"I'm a slave to my master, but I still live at home with my husband. I
just serve the master when he calls for me."

	"Why don't you live with him?"

	"We've discussed it," Rose said. "He has a dungeon in his house where I
could live, but we haven't made that decision yet."

	"Would you want to live in a dungeon?" Angie asked.

	"Absolutely."

	"Wouldn't you get bored locked up between sessions?"

	"I doubt it," Rose said. "The master lets his staff use me so I think
between him, his guests, and the staff, I'd have men fucking me around the
clock."

	Beth dropped her makeup brush. She blushed and picked it up. "Sorry."
She took several deep breaths, then went back to work.

	After the makeup, Beth put a luxurious red wig on Rose. She went to
pains to make it fit properly and to look natural. Rose was delighted when she
saw herself in the mirror.



	When Beth was finished, Rose slipped out of the robe and walked out to
the studio. She stood naked as Herriman introduced her to his male assistants.
Scott watched as everyone gathered round her. She stood  naked amidst them
unembarrassed. Angie brought her a pair of black lace panties and matching bra.
A matching lace opera mask completed her ensemble.

	Herriman had her pose without any restraints. She posed with her legs
apart, in a chair, bending over, kneeling, smiling at the camera, pouting,
touching herself. Rose loved it. Even though the first few rolls of film only
showed her in cheesecake poses, she was excited. The crew watched approvingly as
she posed, she was uninhibited and her sincere enjoyment showed.

	Herriman then told one of the men to put handcuffs on Rose's wrists. She
wriggled and bent and knelt as Herriman took pictures. A set of manacles was
added to her ankles, and that familiar sweet excitement began to build in her
pussy. More chains were added, and Herriman told one of the men to remove her
bra. He did and pinched her nipples in the process. She smiled sweetly at him.

	After a few more rolls of film Rose lost her panties. This time the
other male assistant did the honors and took a few liberties with her pussy.
Scott shifted uncomfortably in his chair, although he had seen many men touch
his wife, he still squirmed.

	When Herriman announced the first shoot was finished, everyone took a
break. Angie stood by with a robe while the assistants removed Rose's chains.
When they got to her hand cuffs she walked away before they could unlock them.
Angie followed her to the dressing room. Rose sat in the chair so Beth could
repair the damages to her makeup.

	"Don't you want those handcuffs off?" Beth asked.

	"Nope. I like wearing them," Rose said.

	"Oh."



	Scott watched as the backdrop was changed and alterations to the
lighting were made. The assistants pried up a small metal plate in the floor,
which exposed a threaded hole several inches deep. They brought out a highly
polished wooden pole. It had a threaded metal rod in its base and they screwed
the pole into the floor. The top of the pole fit into a receptacle in the
ceiling and when they finished the pole was firm and stable.

	Rose emerged from the dressing room and stood naked at the prop table
while Herriman and his people discussed which leather restraints to use on her.
Most of the items were black leather, but a few were colored and some even were
jeweled. She stood patiently as they tried different ones on her. She giggled
when it became obvious that one of the assistants was taking a good look at her
pussy each time he knelt to buckle a cuff on her ankle.

	Finally Herriman made his choice, simple black leather with a full face
hood. Her handcuffs were removed and her wrists were locked behind her with the
leather cuffs. The photography resumed. She posed much as before, and he shot
several rolls of film when something occurred to her.

	"I thought you wanted me in panties and a bra to start out," she said,
her voice muffled by the hood.

	Herriman looked surprised, then laughed and shrugged. "Too late now."



	Rose enjoyed wearing the hood. Although it was hot, and slightly hard to
breath in, it made her fell deliciously helpless. She obeyed Herriman's
instructions as best she could, but at times someone had to move her into
position. She thrilled each time a hand touched her.

	She heard Herriman tell the assistants it was time to put her on the
pole. Hands grasped her arms and walked her backwards. She felt the pole against
her back. Her hands were unlocked, then refastened behind the pole. Herriman
told her to move and wriggle and try to escape. She heard the shutter clicking
while she strained against her bonds. That was fun and exciting. Then her ankles
were tied to the pole and more pictures taken. Straps and ropes increased her
helplessness until she was immobilized. Each time another strap was added, the
assistants got in a quick feel somewhere on her body. She liked that very much.

	Herriman told the assistants to release her. She felt her arms lifted
until her wrists were secured to a hook high up. A few shots, then a spreader
was locked between her legs. Who ever put it there grew bold and patted her
pussy.

	"Thank you," she said, muffled under her hood. She was rewarded by
another pat.

        Again her bonds were increased until she was immobile. When she was
released from that pose Herriman's voice was close to her ear.

	"Are you ready for something more painful?"

	"I haven't had anything painful yet," she said. "But its about time."

	Someone placed a box at her feet and told her to step up onto it. Hands
steadied her. Her wrists were hooked to another hook higher up on the pole.
Herriman told her to step off the box.

	Her shoulders were wrenched as they took her weight. She squeaked in
surprise and pain, but immediately felt her pussy grow hot. She hung against the
pole waiting instructions.

	The shutter snapped, then Herriman told her to kick and flail her legs. 
She writhed and kicked and laughed in the hood. She was panting soon, from
exertion and arousal. She was perspiring under the hot lights. Someone patted
her body with a towel, it felt wonderful.

	Herriman asked if she was ok. She nodded vigorously. He told the
assistants to get her legs. Hands grasped her ankles and bent them up and behind
the post. She heard clicks as her ankles were locked to a hook behind the pole.
After a few shots, straps were buckled around her knees and clipped to hooks on
the walls. Her legs were pulled wide apart, and she felt very vulnerable and
sexy.

	Herriman continually asked Rose if she was all right, and needed a
break. She shook her head each time. Finally her husband spoke up.

	"You don't have to worry about harming her," he said from his corner.
"The worse it hurts, the better she likes it." The bitterness in his voice was
evident.

	Everyone turned and looked at him, then turned back to Rose. She was
nodding her head in agreement.

	"And you might as well break out some whips," Scott said. "That way you
can get pictures of her having orgasms."

	Herriman stared at Scott for a moment, then nodded to one of his
assistants. The man ran to the prop room and brought out several whips. Herriman
pointed to Rose and the man smacked her breasts with a whip. She tensed up, then
relaxed. Her head rolled slowly to the side and a sigh of contentment was
audible through her hood. 

	Herriman looked at her husband, who was staring at Rose. Scott turned
away and lowered his eyes.

	"You can whip her half to death," he muttered. "It'll just make her
come."

	Herriman told his assistants to whip Rose, but posed them so that their
faces never showed in the photos. Rose squealed when the whips struck, but grew
impatient during the pauses when Herriman moved the camera and reposed the men.

	Her husband retreated deeper into the shadowy corner.



	Herriman had planned the shoot to last four hours. It went seven. The
assistants whipped Rose until she orgasmed several times.  She lapsed into a
state of semi conscious bliss. Herriman, worried that she had fainted, took her
down and removed her hood. His staff crowded round and peered at her anxiously.
She opened her eyes and stretched contentedly.

	"What's next?" she asked.

	"We're finished," Herriman told her.

	"So soon?"

	She struggled to her feet and examined the whip marks on her body.
"Whoever did this, thanks," she said and walked to the dressing room. They
watched her in awed silence.

	Angie came in as Rose was stepping into the shower. "I thought I'd see
if you needed anything," she said to Rose.

        "You could rub some lotion on my back when I get out," Rose said. "I
brought some that's good for bruises."

       "Ok. Shall I wait outside?"

       "No need, unless you don't want to watch a woman shower," Rose said.

       "I don't mind," Angie said."

       "You told me you've been tied up?" Rose asked.

       "Yes."

       "Do you get tortured too, or just tied up?"

       "Just bondage," Angie said. "So far."

       "Um hm. Well, I don't know how long you've been doing this," Rose said.
"But its like drugs. You may start out small, but you progress deeper and deeper
until you are doing the heavy stuff."

       "I know," Angie said. "I've thought about being whipped."

       "What about Beth? Is she hard core into the bondage scene?"

       "Not hard core, not like you are," Angie said.

       "Have you two been tied together?"

       "No, but Ed has talked about having us do a shoot together."

       "Are you bi sexual?" Rose asked.

       Angie shrugged. "I've never done anything with a woman, but I've wondered
what it would be like. Have you?"

       "Yes, with a couple of college girls."

       "Did you like it?"

       "Yes."

       "Have you modeled in bondage?" Rose asked.

       "Yeah,  but nothing like what you just did," Angie said admiringly.
"Today was pretty wild," Angie said.

       "Today was nothing," Rose said. "It was like play acting."

       Angie's mouth dropped open. "But you've got marks all over your body.
They even whipped you between your legs."

       "Kid stuff. My master lets his sadistic butler cane me on my pussy. He
hits so hard that I pass out, but I don't know if its the pain or the passion
that knocks me out. Whatever it is, I like it."

       "My God."

      

       Herriman called Rose a week later and told her the proofs were ready, and
invited her to the studio to see them. She went alone, and was delighted when
she found that he was alone in the building. She looked over the pictures and
selected some for herself. She asked Herriman for two sets. She wanted to send a
set to Cathy.

       "What about my master?" she asked. "I presume you will provide him with a
set too?"

       "Framed and signed," Herriman said. "A very special edition of your
pictures."

       "That will be nice," she said.

       "And here is your check," he said. "You've earned every penny."

       The check was for a large sum, more than had been agreed upon. "This is
too much," she said.

       "No, I've already sold the photos to a publisher. He paid more than
normal for this set, and wants to buy the rights to anything else you model
for."

       "How nice," she said.

       "I think you have just embarked on what might turn out to be a very
lucrative modeling career," Herriman told her.

       "Splendid, but I want to re negotiate my contract," Rose said.

       "You want more money?"

       "Nope. But I want to go hard core," she said. "I want a cock inside me
while I'm tied up, preferably more than one, and we need to find someone who
knows how to use a whip properly."

       "Well, I suppose, , ," Herriman started to say.

       "And another thing," Rose said. "That girl who works for you is cute. Why
don't you ask her if she would like to pose with me. You could tie us together
with our mouths on each other's pussies."

       "I'm not sure Angie would go along with something like that," he said.

       "Yes she will," Rose said confidently. "I saw it in her eyes."

       She stood and began unbuttoning her blouse.

       "What are you  doing?" he asked. 

       "I think you should tie me to that pole again," she said. "And this time
use the whip like you mean it."

      

       Cathy was delighted to hear of Rose's modeling, and when the pictures
were published a few months later she ran out to a porn shop near the college
and bought several copies of the magazine. Sue came in and found Cathy lying
naked on her bed, playing with her pussy and staring at her mother's pictures.

      

      

      

       CH 14

      

      

       Cathy came home from school one Friday and found her mother wearing a
white patent leather corset , matching shoes and cuffs and a high collar. Her
hair was piled high on her head and she wore rhinestone earrings. The corset
left her breasts bare and she wore a skimpy white sequined pair of panties.

       "Wow Mom, you look fantastic." Cathy said. "You must be going to the
master's tonight."

       "No, I just like wearing corsets now," her mother said. "I've begun
wearing them around the house."

       "Really? What brought that on?"

       "The master loaned me to a couple for a weekend, and they dressed me in
this kind of outfit. I liked it so I bought several for myself. I discovered
that the corset and a high collar help my posture so I began wearing them at
home. Now I wear them all the time. I decided that I don't like slopping around
the house in an old sweat shirt and no makeup."

       "Well, you look wonderful," Cathy said. "Very sexy."

       Come on, I'll show you the other outfits."

       Cathy marveled at the corsets. They were all high gloss patent leather
and had matching cuffs, shoes and opera gloves. Rose showed her a set in black,
another in red, a third in gold and another in blue.

       "This must have cost a lot of money," Cathy said.

       "They weren't cheap," Rose admitted, "But with my modeling money, I can
afford them."

       Cathy nodded. "Can I wear one?"

       "Sure."

       Cathy dressed up in her mother's gold corset and cuffs. She even put on
the elbow length gloves. She admired herself in the mirror, then went down
stairs. At the bottom of the steps she bent and clipped a hobble between her
ankles. Rose was sipping a cup of tea, she smiled at her daughter.

       "How does it feel?" she asked.

       "Very sexy," Cathy said. "But I don't think I'd like to wear a corset all
day every day."

       Rose shrugged. "I guess its my masochistic nature," she said. "Being
uncomfortable in a corset is sexy, and I am getting used to wearing them."

       "Does the master like them?"

       "Oh yes. You should have seen the look on his face when your father
delivered me wearing the red outfit."

       "What does daddy think about you wearing corsets all day?"

       "He doesn't admit it, but it excites him," Rose said. "I catch him
sneaking looks at me all the time. He slips away to the bathroom and
masturbates, like a teenage boy with dirty books. Its fun."

       "Has he seen your magazine?"

       "Yes, he has one hidden in the basement. He thinks I don't know that he
masturbates looking at my pictures."

       "Mom, you are terrible," Cathy giggled.

       "And speaking of your father, he'll be home soon," Rose said. "If you are
going to wear that outfit, then go put some panties on."

       "Mom, its not like Dad hasn't seen my pussy often enough," Cathy said.

       "I know, but you should show a little regard for his feelings."

       "Ok, but can I wear a pussy chain under my panties?"

       "All right."

      

       "I didn't think the master would loan you to anyone again, after that
horrid Mr. Sowell kidnapped you," Cathy said, after putting on panties.

       "He knows these people very  well and trusts them," Rose said.

       "Tell me all about it," Cathy said.

      

       "The master had your father deliver me to a penthouse in a high rise
apartment building. The people were from Belgium, a man and his wife. When I
arrived they undressed me and made me take a bath."

       "Why a bath?"

       "They wore latex body suits," Rose said. "They put me in a tub and washed
my body all over."

       "Oh, that sounds nice," Cathy said.

       "Yes, and when I was finished the lady had me sit naked at a dressing
table and she did my hair and makeup while he watched."

       "Were you tied up?"

       "Just handcuffs," Rose said. "Then they put me in a corset outfit and led
me around the place on a leash."

       "Then what?"

       "That was it, pretty much," Rose said.

       "What, no  spanking or whipping?"

       "A little spanking," Rose said. "But it was gentle, and I was ordered to
suck the man while she watched."

       "Is that all?"

       Her mother nodded. "I spent the weekend being changed into different
outfits and walking around like a model in a fashion show. They even put panties
on me occasionally. Sometimes I was told to just stand still while they read
books or watched television. The lady gave me orders in French, which I didn't
understand, so she would slap my butt a few times with a riding crop, but I
never was really whipped or fucked."

       "That sounds boring,"

       "Very boring. I realized they were more into costumes than sex. The lady
wore a few sexy outfits herself, and I had to help her dress, like I was her
wardrobe maid. And she would take baths while I attended to her and her husband
watched, but I didn't even have to wash her, I just knelt beside the tub holding
a stack of folded towels."

       "She didn't make you eat her pussy?"

       "Nope, not once."

       "Where did you sleep?"

       "In a spare bedroom by myself. I wasn't even tied up at night."

       "It sounds like they wanted a doll, not a slave," Cathy said.

       "That's a good way to put it," her mother agreed. "I was a live dress up
doll for them. I was so bored that I considered calling your father to come get
me."

       "Ooh, I don't think the master would have liked that," Cathy said.

       "Exactly, which is the only reason I stayed," Rose said. "I didn't want
to embarrass the master."

       "Of course, if you had, he might have given you to the butler to be
punished," Cathy said contemplatively.

       "I know," Rose laughed. "And after three nights of doing nothing but walk
around in sexy outfits, I was so horny that I'd have loved to get a good
caning."

       "A slave's life can be hard," her daughter laughed.

       "I don't mind being a slave," Rose said. "I just don't want to be bored.
The only good thing about that weekend was I discovered that I like the corsets
and their accessories."

       "So do you really get up every day, do your hair and makeup, and get
dressed in patent leather corsets, then just wear them around the house?" Cathy
asked.

       "Yes, it makes me feel very sexy," her mother said. "I even wear corsets
under my clothes at work."

       "Wow."




MD6

						Ch 15





	Rose bought more corsets and wore them every day. She never lost the
thrill of being constricted by them. Every morning she would lace herself
tightly into a corset, buckle a collar around her neck, then begin her day. On
those days that she went to the office she had to remove the collar, but wore
the corset under her clothing. She also dressed more daringly. Her skirts became
shorter and tighter, and the height of her heels became the subject of talk. On
days that she stayed home she wore only the corset in the house, never panties
and rarely a bra. She found that it was necessary to keep a dressing gown near
the door. One morning the door bell rang and she had the door halfway open
before she remembered how she was dressed/ She slammed the door and ran to the
bedroom. When she returned she found an astonished newsboy on the porch. He had
come to collect the paper dues.

	Vivian, her neighbor, dropped in more and more often. She was shocked
the first time Rose greeted her in only a corset and heels, but recovered and
came in for coffee. She and Rose sat in the kitchen chatting, Vivian, although
aware of Rose's slave status, still seemed disconcerted at the freedom in which
Rose displayed herself. Rose was perfectly aware that she made Vivian nervous
and subtly teased her.

	"Did you ever get your husband to spank you?" Rose asked one morning.

	"No, I didn't have the nerve to ask him," Vivian replied.

	Rose shook her head. "You ought to tell him what you want," She said.
"Life is too short to be frustrated."

	"I know, but I just can't bring myself to ask him," Vivian said. "I'm
not as brave as you are."

	"Perhaps you are smart not to ask after all," Rose said slyly. "Once you
get into kinky sex, you get deeper and deeper until the next thing you know,
you're having spontaneous orgasms just from being tied up."

	"Really?" Vivian gasped.

	"Um hmm. It happens to me all the time."

	"Oh my goodness."

	"Yes," Rose continued. "When you get to that stage, spanking won't be
enough, you'll want to be whipped, or even caned. When you start coming from
being whipped, then you're on that slippery slope to total slavery."

	Vivian shuddered slightly. "I don't think I could go that far."

	"Of course not," Rose said. "You're a decent respectable woman. You
wouldn't dream having dozens of orgasms while somebody tortures you. You're not
a slut like me."

	"Sometimes I have thoughts that are anything but respectable," Vivian
said. "Some of my thoughts are downright slutty."

	"Thoughts are fine," Rose said. "We all have thoughts. Its just taking
that first big step to having them come true that is dangerous."

	"I don't think I could take that step," Vivian said. "But I still would
like to be spanked just once."

	"Does it have to be a man who spanks you?" Rose asked innocently. "Would
a woman do?"

	Vivian's mouth dropped open.

	"I've been spanked by women," Rose continued. "It was nice."

	"My God Rose! Are you a lesbian?" Vivian whispered.

	Rose laughed heartily. "Absolutely!"

	Vivian stared shocked.

	"Actually, I should correct that," Rose said. "I am bi sexual to be
precise. Something I discovered early in my slavery."

	"What do you do?" Vivian asked fascinated.

	"With women? I do what ever I'm told," Rose answered. "But the obvious
answer is, I am forced to eat their pussies. Sometimes I get fucked by women
wearing strap on dildoes."

	Vivian's hand crept unconsciously to her breast. She pressed her fingers
against her chest, which was rising and falling. "Do you enjoy that?"

	"Yes, although I have to admit that the first time I ate another woman's
pussy it was unsettling."

	"Why?'

	"I was tied to my daughter and we had to eat each other while a roomful
of men watched," Rose said calmly.

	Vivian's eyes nearly popped out of her head.

	"You ate your daughter's pussy?"

	"Um hmm. I hadn't expected to, but one of the master's sessions got a
little wild. His guests tied Cathy and me together. You can imagine the position
they placed us in."

	"What did you do?"

	"We did what we were told. It was sexy, but disturbing too. Aside from
the fact that I was licking a pussy that happened to be my own daughter's, I had
an orgasm within minutes. That was surprising, I didn't anticipate I would like
it."

	"What about Cathy?"

	"She had an orgasm too."

	"Oh, my God!"

	Rose shrugged and poured more coffee. "Since then I've been placed in
that position many times, and yes, I like doing it."

	"With  Cathy?"

	"Occasionally, but usually with her roommate."

	"The pretty little girl with the pale complexion?"

	"Yes. She's turned into as big a slut as Cathy and me," Rose said. "She
and Cathy have sex in their room practically every night, and go with me to my
master's house on weekends."

	"She's very cute," Vivian said almost absently.

	"And very enthusiastic, she loves to be spanked."

	"She looks so innocent."

	"Looks can be deceiving," Rose said. "Take you for instance. Who would
think by looking at you that you are about to get the first sexual spanking of
your life."

	"What?"

	"Vivian, I think its time for you to fulfill your fantasy."

        Rose walked to Vivian and touched her breasts. Vivian gasped and tried
to push Rose's hands away. Rose was too strong, and squeezed Vivian's breasts
firmly. Then she bent and kissed her astonished neighbor on the lips.

       Vivian tried to stand, but Rose pushed her back in the chair. "Stay right
there," Rose commanded. Vivian was too shaken to disobey.

       Rose walked to the closet and returned with a set of handcuffs. She
pulled Vivian's hands behind her and locked the cuffs on her wrists. Rose knelt
and kissed Vivian again, then pulled Vivian's sweatshirt up exposing her
breasts.

       "Nice," Rose said caressing them. She reached behind Vivian and unhooked
her bra. Vivian's large breasts spilled out.

       "Ok, stand up," Rose said. "Let's get your pants off."

       Vivian, trembling in shock didn't move. She shook her head.

        "If you don't obey me, I will call my master and have him send a couple
of his body guards over. You've seen them, they are huge men," Rose told Vivian.
"I'll give you to them and let them do anything they want to you."

       "Oh no. Please no!"

       "Then stand up and let me take your pants off," Rose said. "All I want to
do is give you that spanking you want."

       "Are you sure?"

       "Stand up."

       Hesitantly, Vivian stood and closed her eyes as Rose slipped her jogging
pants off. Vivian was forty years old and plump. She might be described as
matronly. Her legs weren't very long, but they were shapely, and she wore pretty
pink lace panties. She trembled as Rose slipped them off her legs.

       "You have a lovely pussy," Rose told her, "And a nice ass. You really
ought to get your husband to spank it."

       "My ass, or my pussy," Vivian said, surprisingly bold.

        "Both," Rose laughed in delight. She buckled a collar onto Vivian's neck
and attached a leash. She led her to the living room.

       "This is fun," she said. "Being in charge for a change."

       She walked Vivian to the coffee table and told her to kneel. Vivian
obeyed and leaned forward and pressed her breasts against the table. Rose
wrapped the leash around the table legs so that Vivian couldn't raise up. She
tapped Vivian's inner thighs.

       "Spread your knees," she said, and tied them apart. Rose patted Vivian's
ass, then slid her hand to her pussy. It was quite wet.

       "I'd say you're enjoying yourself," she commented. Vivian blushed
scarlet.

       "I thought you were only going to spank me," she said. "Let's get it over
with."

       "Don't be in such a hurry," Rose said. "Relax and enjoy. We have all day
before our husbands get home."

       Vivian just closed her eyes.

       Rose spanked Vivian all morning. She spanked her with her hands, and a
belt, and a hairbrush, and finally a small whip. Vivian lay atop the coffee
table in utter confusion. She was humiliated, yet very excited. And although she
hated to admit it, she had thrilled when Rose's hand had touched her pussy. The
spanking only confused her more.

       At times it hurt. She winced and yelped and jerked in her bonds, at other
times her pussy tingled and throbbed under the blows. Vivian had married at
eighteen, and had been a virgin on her wedding night. She had never had sex with
anyone other than her husband, and if the truth me told, she had never had more
than a few dozen orgasms in her life. She had at least five that morning in
Rose's living room.

       Rose enjoyed spanking Vivian, watching her plump bottom shake under the
blows. Her pussy throbbed each time Vivian came, and she had to exercise great
self control to keep her promise to do no more than spank her. Finally, around
noon, Vivian was exhausted. She lay limp on the table. Her eyes were closed and
her breathing shallow. Rose untied her.

       Vivian got dressed and scurried home without meeting Rose's eyes.

       Vivian avoided Rose for several days. Finally Rose wearing only a corset,
marched over to Vivian's house and knocked on the door. Vivian blushed when she
saw Rose, but stepped aside and let her in.

       "What do you want?" she asked.

       "This," Rose said, holding up a set of handcuffs.

       Vivian paled, then slowly, trancelike, she turned and placed her hands
behind her back.

       "Nope, take your clothes off first," Rose said. Vivian covered her face
with her hands for a moment, then took a deep breath, straightened her back and
obeyed. She stripped naked. Rose snapped the handcuffs on her wrists. 

       "Want to play here or at my house?" Rose asked.

       "It doesn't matter," Vivian whispered. "What are you going to do to me?"

       "I'm going to spank you again," Rose said. "And I'm going to eat your
pussy and suck on your boobs. Then I'm going to teach you how to eat my pussy."

       Vivian's knees almost gave way under her. She moaned and tottered to the
couch and fell onto it. Rose's eyebrows lifted in delight.

       "I think we'll skip the spanking for now," she said. "And go right to the
pussy eating."  She knelt and pulled Vivian's legs apart. Vivian had her first
orgasm within seconds of Rose's tongue touching her pussy. Later Vivian knelt
and lowered her face to Rose's crotch. Her efforts were clumsy at first, but
enthusiastic. By the end  of the morning she had grown quite proficient. Rose
had several sweet orgasms. The day ended with Rose marching Vivian to her
bedroom and tying her spread wide on the bed. Then Rose lay atop Vivian and they
ate each other into a squealing, giggling orgasm that left them both limp and
exhausted.

       Vivian and Rose became daytime lovers. Rose whipped Vivian a few times,
but Vivian didn't like being tortured. She enjoyed being bound and spanked, the
pain from a whipping killed her desire. Rose contented herself with bondage,
spanking and pussy eating.

       Vivian had none of Rose's exhibitionism, and was terrified that their
secret could become known. She begged Rose not to tell anyone, and Rose agreed.
Not even Cathy knew.

       They created a signal system to tell each other when the coast was clear.
When both husbands were out, Rose and Vivian would get together.

       Their lovemaking was sweet and sensual, and Rose mildly enjoyed the role
of dominant, but she was submissive in nature and often asked Vivian to tie her
up. Vivian tried, but it was not in her personality to be domineering. The
position of slave to mistress gradually evolved with Rose as the mistress.

       "Or sub slave to slave," she once commented to Vivian. "I love having sex
with you, but I would enjoy it more if we were enslaved together."

       "I know," Vivian said. "But I would just die if anyone ever found out."

       "Just think how wonderful it would be to have someone tie us together,"
Rose said nuzzling Vivian's neck. "With my mouth on your pussy, and yours on
mine, unable to move any part of our bodies except out tongues."

       Vivian closed her eyes and trembled. "It would be lovely," she admitted.
"But I just couldn't take the risk."

       "I understand," Rose said. "But somehow I think we can find a way to make
it happen."

       Vivian bought a corset. She was afraid to buy a leather one, lest her
husband found out, but she and Rose went shopping in a lingerie boutique and
picked out a lovely silk one in red and black.

       Vivian liked her corset and wore it daily. She found that it improved her
posture and slimmed her waist. She would come to Rose's house wearing it beneath
her clothes, then strip down and put on heels, collar and cuffs. Then she and
Rose would engage in a few hours of sex, or watch television, or just sit and
talk.

       Rose suggested that Vivian accompany her to the master's, but Vivian
refused in horror.

       "That would mean having sex with men," she said. "That would be cheating
on my husband."

       "Well, what do you call having sex with me?" Rose asked. "Isn't that
cheating too?"

       "No its not," Vivian said firmly. "Sex with another woman isn't cheating.
Besides, from what you tell me, your master is a sadist and would probably do
terrible things to me that I don't want."

       "That's very likely," Rose admitted. "After an evening in his torture
room, you might have trouble explaining the whips marks on your body to your
husband."

       They were watching television one morning when the doorbell rang. Rose
opened the door to the mailman, who had an oversized package for her. She
thanked him sweetly and closed the door, not noticing the look on his face.

       "I'll bet you just made his day," Vivian commented.

       "How's that?"

       "Look at how you are dressed."

       Rose looked at her body. "Oh, my God." She had grown so used to her
corsets that she had unconsciously answered the door wearing black patent
leather.

       "Lucky thing you're wearing panties," Vivian said, picking up a magazine.
"But I bet you'll get your mail delivered to your door from now on."

       One afternoon Rose was sitting on Vivian's face when Scott came home
early. Rose frantically untied Vivian's legs and hauled her to her feet. They
scurried to the kitchen, but Scott was coming in through the back door. In a
panic, Rose opened the basement door and shoved Vivian through it. Vivian's arms
were still strapped behind her back, and Rose had no time to undo them. She
tossed Vivian's clothes down the stairs and shut the door. Vivian teetered down
the steps into the dark basement.

       Scott noticed Rose's rapid breathing when he walked in.

       "How come you're panting like that?" he asked. "Having more phone sex?"

       "Actually, I was," Rose told him. "I just hung up with a very sexy
sounding man, and he got me all excited." She touched her pussy in emphasis.

       "That's just great," Scott muttered.

       "And I was thinking about going upstairs and finger fucking myself," Rose
continued seductively. "How would you like to watch?"

       Despite himself, Scott nodded and followed her upstairs.

       Rose lay on the bed and opened her legs wide. She locked eyes with her
husband and played with her pussy. Scott unzipped his trousers and masturbated
in rhythm with her. As she watched the hungry expression on his face, Rose felt
sorry for Scott. She motioned him close and took his cock in her hand. She
pumped his cock while fingering herself. They came at the same time and Scott
spurted cum across her face and breasts. She even directed his cock so that it
shot onto her corset. When he was spent, Scott sagged to the bed and lay across
it. They lay panting for a few minutes.

        Rose got up and took off her corset.

       "Would you do me a great favor and clean this?" she asked sweetly. He
nodded.

       She ran downstairs and to the basement. Vivian was sitting on the washing
machine. Rose quickly untied her arms and ran back to the kitchen. Vivian got
dressed and tiptoed behind her. She had just reached the kitchen when Scott
walked in. He stopped in surprise.

       "Uh hello Vivian."

       "Hi Scott," she said in a normal tone. "I dropped by to see if Rose had
any coffee hot."

       "No, but I can make some in a jiffy," Rose said.

       "Don't you want to get dressed?" Scott asked his wife.

       "Oh, don't worry about Vivian," Rose said lightly. "She knows I'm a
slave, right?"

       Vivian nodded.

       "The whole neighborhood knows you're a slave," Scott muttered and left
the room.

       "What's on your face?" Vivian asked Rose.

       "Cum."

       "Cum?"

       "Um hmm. I let him spurt on me. Want to lick it off ?"

       "Not likely," Vivian said.

       Rose stepped close. "I want you to," she said softly.

       Vivian looked at her in disbelief, then realized that Rose was serious.

       "Oh, well, why not?"

       She stuck out her tongue and licked Rose's face clean.

       "Don't forget my breasts," Rose said, slipping her hand down Vivian's
pants. "Especially my nipples."

       Scott turned on the television in the living room and watched the news
while his finger fucked the next door neighbor in the kitchen.

       When Vivian walked home the grass felt odd under her feet. She looked
down and saw that she was still wearing spike heels.

       "These don't really go well with gray sweat pants," she thought, taking
them off.

      

       Ch 16

      

       Rose told the master about wearing corsets at home. He found it
intriguing and dropped in on her occasionally. One time Vivian was there and had
to hide while the master whipped and fucked Rose. She crouched in the basement
listening to Rose's screams and moans. She heard the male voices muffled through
the floor, and heard their footsteps. As Rose shrieked and laughed and whimpered
and moaned, Vivian's pussy grew sopping wet. She knelt on the cold cement and
fingered herself to orgasm. When Rose's torture went on for hours, Vivian
masturbated several more times.

       Things grew quiet, and after a long silence she tiptoed up the stairs.
She pushed the door open very slowly and almost gasped when she peeked through
and saw a man sitting at the kitchen table.

       The man was very large and stark naked. He slumped in a chair and sipped
a bottle of beer. His cock was large and lay heavily across his leg.

       Vivian had never seen another man's cock in her life, only her husband's.
She was astonished at the size of this man. She decided he must be one of Rose's
master's body guards. Unconsciously her hand slipped between her legs.

       The man sat contentedly in Rose's kitchen. Vivian stared at his cock,
wishing she could see it get big. She wondered what he would say if she opened
the door and walked into the room.

       The man heard a noise and looked toward the living room. Another naked
man walked into the kitchen. He was leading Rose on a leash. Rose's hands were
cuffed behind her back, she was sweaty, her hair was tousled and her makeup was
a mess. The man tossed her leash to the large one, then walked out. The seated
man tugged Rose forward and told her to kneel. She smiled and got down to her
knees. She bent forward and kissed his cock. In moments it was hard and huge.
Vivian's eyes were wide as she watched Rose suck the man's cock. The man closed
his eyes and enjoyed Rose's mouth for a long time, then he stood up suddenly and
yanked her to her feet.

       Vivian almost screamed in shock when the man slapped Rose's breasts very
hard. Rose groaned, but closed her eyes and smiled. The man slapped her breasts
slowly and methodically until Rose's legs were trembling. She whispered
something, too softly for Vivian to hear, but the man grasped Rose by her hair
and bent her over the table. He lifted her onto the table face down. She opened
her legs and he began slapping her pussy. Rose came within minutes.

       Vivian ran down the basement steps. She looked this way and that as her
heart pounded in her chests. Her pussy was on fire. Her eyes fell on a mop
leaning against a wall. She grabbed it, threw herself to the floor and shoved
the end of the handle inside her pussy.

       Rose gasped and moaned in the kitchen, and luckily she was loud enough to
drown out another set of moans coming from the basement. Vivian fucked herself
with the mop over and over, and her orgasms seemed never to stop. Finally,
exhausted, she collapsed backwards and fell asleep on the floor.

       When Vivian awoke, the mop handle was still inside her. She slid it out,
then stifling a groan, she crept up the stairs. The kitchen was empty. She
tiptoed out. The house seemed empty. Rose's corset lay on the living room floor,
as did her shoes and the tatters of her stockings. Vivian went upstairs and
found Rose tied to her bed. Rose's skin was striped with whip marks and her face
wore an expression of total rapture.

       She opened her eyes when she heard Vivian.

       "Are you all right?" Vivian asked.

       "Um hmm," Rose murmured contentedly. "What happened to you?"

       "What do you mean?" Vivian asked.

       "Look at yourself."

       Vivian was aghast when she looked in the mirror. Her hair was in
disarray, her face was streaked with perspiration, and she was filthy."

       "Did they find you and fuck you too?" Rose asked.

       "No, I hid in the basement," Vivian said. "But I peeked out and watched
that man spank you in the kitchen."

       "Mmmm, that was Gino," Rose said. "Cathy really likes him."

       "I can see why."

       "How did you get so  dirty?" Rose asked.

       Vivian blushed. "I lay on the basement floor and fucked myself with your
mop handle."

       Rose looked at her in surprise, then laughed. "If you were that horny you
should have just come out and let them fuck you."

       "I almost did."

       "Careful, Vivian, before long you'll be asking to go with me to the
master's house."

       "No, I don't think I could ever do that," Vivian said. "But I did like
watching you in the kitchen."

       "I wish I'd known you were watching," Rose said. "I would have liked
that."

       "Do you want me to untie you?" Vivian asked.

       "No, the master left me here for my husband to find," Rose said. "That's
part of the fun."

       "What will Scott do when he comes home?"

       "He will take out his cock and masturbate until he spurts all over me,"
Rose said.

       "Oh. Doesn't he screw you?"

       "No, but I couldn't stop him if he did. Sometimes I wonder why he doesn't
just jump on me and fuck my brains out."

       "Yeah,"

       "But he'll only jerk off, then untie me. Then I'll take a shower and cook
dinner. Only, I don't feel like cooking tonight," Rose said, stretching as far
as her bonds allowed. "I think I'll make Scott take me out to eat."

       "I guess I'd better go then," Vivian said.

       "What time is it?"

       "Four thirty."

       "My husband won't be home till after five," Rose said. "Why don't you
crawl up here and put your pussy on my mouth."

       "After all that sex, you still want more?" Vivian asked amazed.

       "Yes, I told you, I'm a slut."

       Vivian looked at Rose, then climbed on the bed.




MD7			

					
       CH 17



	Rose had another photo session with Mister Herriman, and despite her
request for a hard core shoot, he decided that she would have to be satisfied
with slightly less. As he told her, he rarely shot complete penetration
sessions.

	Scott drove her to the studio and sat quietly in his corner. Herriman
told Rose that for today's theme she would be a pony girl. She smiled in delight
and went to the dressing room. She undressed and Beth started making her up.
Herriman entered the room.

	"How do you fell about having your face visible?" he asked.

	"I'd love to," she replied. "but I don't want someone to recognize me
and connect me to my master. It might embarrass him."

	"I think we can get around that," he told her. "Beth can change your
looks quite a bit with her makeup. She's quite the artist."

	Beth smiled shyly.

	"And you're going to be wearing a face harness which will conceal you
even more." He showed her two sets of harness. One in black leather, the other
white.

	Rose handled the harness. Her nipples perked up. They both had chin cups
and wide straps across the forehead. Thin straps crossed above the nose.

	"You can go through the proofs and we will destroy any pictures that you
think might be recognizable," Herriman added. "I'll leave the final selection to
you."

	"All right."

	You will work with another model," Herriman told her. "She is a
professional dominatrix who specializes in pony girls and boys."

	"That sounds interesting," Rose said. "Is she really into the bondage
scene, or is she just a model?"

	"Oh, she's for real," he said. "She trains real pony girls and boys for
people and has a live in pony girl at home. She keeps her locked in a stall in
her house."

	"That sounds very  sexy," Rose said. She imagined being a full time pony
slave and her nipples perked up harder.

	"I use her and her pony girl occasionally," he went on.

	"In the studio, or off duty?" Rose asked impishly.

	He laughed. "Only as models, I'm afraid. She doesn't loan her pony girl
out."

	"Poor thing."

	"I'm going to start you out fully clothed. You will portray a virtuous
woman who has fallen into the clutches of a cruel lesbian dominatrix. She will
strip you and force you into harness. You will resist at first, but submit,
become excited, then reluctantly at first, you will give yourself to her.
Ultimately you will learn to love your pony girl status."

	"Hmm, that might be hard to carry off," Rose said.

	"What will?'

	"Pretending to be reluctant, not to mention virtuous."

	"By the way," he said. "I hope you haven't shaved your pussy lately."

	"Why not?"

	"I want you to look innocent, and innocent ladies usually don't shave
their pussies."

	"Are they permitted to trim their pussies?" Rose opened her legs to show
him that she did have a small triangle of pubic hair.

	Herriman laughed and walked out.

	Beth put a wig on Rose, then she and Angie dressed her in panties and
bra, garterbelt and stockings, heels and a dress. The panties were full briefs,
silk and lacy, but not very revealing. Rose looked at them with distaste.

	"These are awful. My mother wore panties like these."

	"They are supposed to make you look innocent," Angie told Rose. "Don't
worry, they will come off pretty quickly."

	"I certainly hope so. I haven't worn panties like these since I was a
housewife."

	Angie took them from Rose and knelt holding the panties for Rose to step
into. Rose looked at her in surprise, then put her feet into the panties. Angie
slid them up Rose's legs and tugged them tight.

	"If you have anything else you want to do while you're down there, just
go ahead," Rose told her.

	Angie bent forward and jokingly kissed the front of the panties. Rose
pressed her head against her crotch. Beth gasped in shock, then looked toward
the door to see if anyone was watching.

	"Beth, do you want to be next?" Rose asked. Beth shook her head and
backed away. Angie got to her feet giggling.

	

	Rose walked to the studio. Herriman introduced her to  the dominatrix,
who's name was Joan. Joan was a tall slender, slightly muscular woman in her mid
twenties. She wore her red hair in a page boy cut. She had lovely green eyes.
She wore tight leather pants and a sheer white blouse. Her nipples showed
clearly through the fabric. Rose shook hands and felt the strength in Joan's
hand. Joan held Rose's hand in a firm grip for just a second longer than
necessary. They locked eyes and Rose blushed. Her pussy tingled.

       The set was ready. Furniture had been arranged so that it looked like
they were in a formal living room. Rose was placed before the seated Joan and
stood as if timid. She raised her skirt to an imperious Joan and posed with it
lifted. Joan touched Rose's pussy and legs, and bent her over and caressed her
bottom. Rose was excited within minutes.

	Joan forced Rose to her knees and unbuttoned her dress. Rose slowly
removed the dress as Herriman shot picture after picture. It took eight rolls of
film before she was down to her underwear. More shots were taken as Joan
stripped Rose out of her bra, then her panties. Joan snapped handcuffs on Rose's
wrists and made her stand on wide spread feet as she explored Rose's naked body.
She was not hesitant to touch Rose's pussy, or even to slip her fingers inside
briefly. They went in easily, as Rose was quite hot and very moist. The scene
ended with Joan leading Rose off camera.

	Rose and Joan took a break while the set was rearranged. Beth repaired
Rose's makeup, and this time wasn't surprised when Rose insisted on keeping her
handcuffs on during the break.  	

	The next scenario took place in a harness room. Joan buckled Rose into
the black harness. Herriman shot each piece from many angles. Rose's first piece
was the face harness and a bit gag. Then she gradually acquired a collar,
leather body harness. A wide belt with a pussy strap, thigh and ankle straps,
and finally elevated shoes with high heels and hard leather horse shoes on the
soles. Rose had trouble walking in the shoes. They were so high in the heels
that she tended to pitch forward. Joan had to steady her several times, and
after Joan strapped Rose's arms tightly behind her it was worse. She walked Rose
around the set, and Rose's eyes were wide with genuine fear that she might fall.
She hesitated and that brought instant discipline. Joan pinched a nipple very
hard, and Rose squeaked in pain, but followed Joan's lead.

       Despite her fear Rose felt a hot wave of excitement as Joan marched her
around the room. Herriman had to remind Joan that he was shooting stills, not a
movie. Joan reluctantly stopped the march, and went back to posing Rose as
Herriman directed.

	Rose was soaked in sweat when Herriman finally called for lunch.

	Angie had arranged for lunch to be catered in. Everyone ate, even Scott
joined in. And after lunch Rose went to the dressing room to shower. A few
eyebrows lifted when Joan followed her.

	Rose was just stepping under the water when Joan grasped her arm. Rose
turned in surprise, then smiled in delight when she saw Joan standing there
naked.

	"Want to scrub my back?" she asked.

	"Silence," Joan commanded. "Turn around and give me your wrists." Rose
obeyed and gasped in excitement when she felt handcuffs lock on her wrists.

	"I Like to wash my girl down after a day of activity," Joan said,
stepping into the shower. "Have you ever been washed by another person?"

	"No, but I think I'm about to find out what its like."

	Joan soaped Rose's body from neck to toe. Rose trembled with passion as
the woman's hands roamed over her skin. She glanced at the door and was
delighted to see that everyone was watching, even her husband.

	Joan slipped her hand finger by finger into Rose's pussy. Rose was
moaning in delight. She sagged against the wall and waited as a lovely orgasm
began to swell inside her body. She gasped in surprise when Joan's hand
disappeared. Joan was stepping out of the shower. She picked up a towel and
began to dry herself. She motioned Rose out. Rose stood dripping, wondering how
Joan was going to finish bringing her to orgasm. Joan turned to the crowd in the
door and waved them away imperiously. They scattered. She looked at Rose.

	"About ready to explode?" Joan asked.

	"Yes," Rose whispered.

	"Good. I intend to keep you that way until we're finished today. I want
you to have that pleading look on your face."

	"Oh Lord," Rose groaned. She rubbed her thighs together.

	"Very good," Joan laughed. "I'm going to keep you hotter than a stove
until the end of the day, then I'm going to make you come like an earthquake."

	"Ooooh, can I come now please? I promise I'll come later too."

	"Nope," Joan grasped Rose's arm and led her out.



	The second shoot began with Joan wearing a leather micro skirt and bra,
and placing a naked and very horny Rose into the white harness. This time she
put a large vibrator inside Rose's pussy and held it in place with the crotch
strap. Rose felt a tiny sweet orgasm when the dildo slid into her, but it did
nothing to put out the fire between her legs.

	When Rose was fully harnessed, and had pranced and posed, Joan tied her
hands over her head and tortured her breasts. She put clamps on her nipples, she
pinched them and slapped them, and finally whipped them. And all the time she
carefully watched Rose's face, and each time Rose seemed close to coming, Joan
stopped. Poor Rose groaned in frustration time after time.

	Herriman called a break and Rose was lead shakily to the dressing room.
She collapsed into the chair and begged Beth to touch her pussy. Beth glanced at
the doorway and saw Joan leaning against the door jamb. One look at Joan's face
cured Beth of any thought of making Rose come. It may have been Herriman's
studio, but it was quite clear that Joan was in charge of Rose that day.

	Joan motioned Beth out and told Rose to get on her hands and knees. Rose
obeyed and Joan strapped a tiny white saddle on her back. She undid Rose's
crotch strap and slid the vibrator out. Rose sighed piteously as it fell to the
floor. Joan tugged on Rose's leash and led her on hands and knees to the studio.

	Rose spent the rest of the shoot on her knees or locked into a wooden
stock that looked like something out of a stable.

	Joan put a white blindfold on Rose, then stepped away and buckled a
strap on dildo over her panties. She returned and began whipping Rose's butt and
pussy. Rose's hips were wiggling in time to the whip when, without warning, Joan
stepped up to Rose's crotch and shoved the dildo inside her pussy. Rose came so
hard she fainted.

	When she regained her senses someone was fucking her. She thought at
first it was still Joan, but then she realized that it was man, not a fake. She
sighed with delight and giggled when he came inside her. He had barely withdrawn
when his place was taken by another. Rose was fucked by three men that
afternoon. She assumed that two were Herriman's assistants, and wondered if the
other might be her husband, but when they released her she saw Scott sitting
meekly in his chair. Herriman had been the other man.

	Joan was nowhere in sight. Beth and Angie had disappeared too. Rose
wondered if Joan had claimed them as slaves and taken them home in chains. She
staggered into the dressing room and was surprised to see Joan sitting in the
chair. She spread her legs. Rose dropped to her knees and crawled to the chair.
She put her mouth on Joan's foot and slowly worked her tongue up to her pussy.
Once again the door way filled with onlookers.

      

	Rose saw the proofs of the shoot a few days later. She was thrilled with
the photos and had to exercise a great deal of self discipline to remove those
picture that showed her face too clearly. She would have preferred for the whole
world to see them. Herriman made enlargements of them for her and for her
master, then destroyed those negatives. The rest he sent to the publisher.

	When Cathy saw the photos she was intrigued with the pony girl theme.
Rose was reminded that although Cathy had been a sex slave for over a year, she
was still quite young and in many ways inexperienced. She didn't know what a
pony girl was.

	Cathy showed the pictures to Sue who also fell in love with the concept.
On Sue's next visit to the house they begged Rose to put them in harness. Rose
got Joan's phone number through Herriman and met her for lunch one day.

	Joan was interested to hear that Rose knew two young women who wanted to
explore pony girlism. She agreed to put them in contact with a harness maker.
The girls were delighted at the news, and wanted to meet Joan.

	Joan took them to the harness maker. He was a middle aged man with a
tiny leather shop in his home. The girls looked through catalogues and selected
a set each. They undressed and let the man measure their bodies. They giggled
and squealed as he took liberties. He offered to measure Rose for a set, but she
declined.

	"If my master wants me to wear a pony harness, then I'll come see you,"
she told him. "But for now I'll wait."

	He shrugged. "Too bad. I bet you'd make a damn fine pony."

	"When will our stuff be ready?" Sue asked him.

	"In a couple of weeks."

	"A couple of weeks?" she wailed. "That's too long. Can't you do it
quicker?"

	"Maybe, but I have a lot of orders ahead of you."

	"What would it take to get you to put us at the top of the list?" Cathy
asked seductively.

	He looked her up and down. "I think you'd have to spend the night here.
That way I can keep fitting the leather to you and get it right."

	"That's ok with me," Sue said.

	"How about it Mom?" Cathy asked. Both girls looked pleadingly at Rose.

	"All right," she said. "I'll come get you in the morning."

	"Better make it late afternoon," the man said. "I'm not sure I'll be
done with them in the morning." He turned to the girls. "Get your clothes off.
We'll get started right now."



	Scott picked the girls up the next afternoon. He winced when the harness
maker brought them around the side of the house. They wore matching black
leather collars, body harness and cinch belts. Tiny straps parted their pussy
lips and bells jingled on their nipples. Their arms were buckled tightly behind
their backs and wooden bars connected them at their collars and waists. They
walked in step to the limo.

	"Hi Daddy," Cathy said.

	"Hello Mr. Rhodes," said Sue.

	"These your daughters?" the harness maker asked Scott in surprise.

	"Only one is," Scott replied.

	"Oh. Well you have a fine daughter," the harness maker said. "She's well
mannered, obedient, and learns quickly."

	Cathy giggled.

	"But this one still needs a little taming," he said smacking Sue on the
bottom. She stuck her tongue out at him.

	"I'd take her home and whip some respect into her if I was you," he told
Scott. Sue shook her breasts at Scott.

	"How much do we owe you?" Scott asked.

	The harness maker named a price and Scott paid. He opened the door of
the limo and started to disconnect the bars between the girls. Cathy stopped
him.

	"Wait Daddy. We want to ride home locked together and show Mom."

	It took a deal of wriggling and squealing, but they managed to wriggle
into the car. They whispered together on the ride home, and wouldn't get out
until Scott fetched Rose. She laughed when they clambered out of the car and
stood proudly on the lawn. She led them into the house and they finally
permitted Scott to remove the bars.

	The girls wore their harness around the house the entire weekend.



       CH 18



	The master summoned Scott to his office one morning and told him to
deliver Rose to the house for a an evening of torture.

	"Tell her to prepare herself for some pain," he told Scott. "I am in the
mood to inflict some serious torments."

	"Yes sir."

	"And tell her to shave her pussy."

	Rose thrilled when she heard. She spent the day trembling in
anticipation. When Scott delivered her to the master she could barely contain
herself. She hopped eagerly up the steps and followed the security guard through
the house.

	The guard returned to the limo. "The boss has something special in mind
for your wife tonight," he told Scott. "And he said it ok if you want to come in
and watch."

	Scott shook his head, at first, then opened the car door and got out.
The guard put him quietly in the observation room.

	Rose's eyes widened when she entered the torture chamber. Something new
had been added. 

	A medieval rack sat in the middle of the floor. Beside it a charcoal
brazier glowed. At first she thought the brazier was merely for effect, but when
she looked closer she saw that a branding iron was glowing among the coals.

	Rose gasped when she realized what the thing was for. Her knees went
weak.

	"Are you going to brand me?" she asked the master breathlessly.

	"Yes. With my initials."

 	"Oh God," she whispered. Her pussy throbbed like a drum. "Where?"

	"I was thinking of both nipples, and your pussy," he replied.

	Rose had an orgasm, then and there. Her eyes rolled up and she slowly
collapsed to the floor. Wave after wave of ecstasy rippled through her body. She
lay on the floor jerking like a fish out of water. The master watched with arms
folded, then lifted her to her feet.

	"The idea excites you?" he asked.  She managed to nod.

	"What will your husband say?" the master asked.

	"Who cares?" she said. "I belong to you."

	He smiled grimly. "I am going to put you through a night of torture. My
men will participate. And sometime, when the mood strikes me, I will brand you."

	"Yes master."

	

	To her disappointment, Rose wasn't put on the rack right away. The
master hoisted her up by her wrists and whipped her, then allowed the men in the
household to take turns. The butler was present with his very  wicked canes, but
Rose's mind was on the rack and the branding iron. The butler was frustrated
that despite his most vicious cuts with the cane he barely got a few screams out
of her.

	Rose was repositioned, whipped, forced to suck their cocks and fucked
many times as the hours slipped by, but she seemed always to be glancing toward
the brazier. Finally they put her on the rack.

	She winced as the wheel tightened the ropes on her wrists and ankles,
but marveled as the ropes stretched her body taut. Gino, on the wheel turned it
slowly until she was lifted off the rack and suspended from wrists and ankles.
The pain was terrific, and she moaned with passion. Her shoulders and hips ached
with the unaccustomed pain, but Rose being Rose, the pain made her come.

	When Gino had tightened the rack as far as he dared, the master stood on
it straddling Rose and whipped her breasts. Then he ordered the men to gather
round and whip her. Her screams and shrieks echoed through the house as whips
and canes drove her wild.

	Scott watching in the dark little observation room, slid his trousers to
the floor and masturbated.

	The master and his men took a break. They lowered Rose to the rack and
left her there whimpering. One of the guards took a beer to Scott. His eyebrows
lifted when he opened the door and saw Scott massaging his cock, but Scott
merely accepted the beer without embarrassment. The guard shrugged and closed
the door.

	Rose's tortures resumed when the master had her turned over and racked
face down. She endured hours of whippings and stretchings, and several more
orgasms. Eventually the master announced it was time for her to be branded.

	Rose was placed on her back. Pegs were inserted into holes on the side
of the rack and her knees hooked over the pegs, this forced her legs wide apart.
The ropes were tightened and her body made excruciatingly taut. She watched the
master's face with a look of hunger on hers.

	The brazier was brought close and the master lifted the branding iron
out. Rose stared at it in fascination.

	She groaned when a blindfold was placed over her eyes. Scott frowned in
alarm when he realized what was happening. He pulled up his pants and tried to
open the door. It was locked from the outside. He pounded on it and it was
opened by one of the guards. He looked at Scott and shook his head.

	"Just sit there and be quiet," he told him.

	The master held the red hot iron close to Rose's nipple. She tensed as
she felt the heat. The ropes prevented her from moving even the tiniest bit, the
rise and fall of her chest as she breathed was her only motion.

	The master held the iron an inch from her nipple, then pulled it back
and touched her nipple with an ice cube. Rose screamed and came louder and more
intensely than she had ever done in her life. The butler dropped a tiny piece of
meat in the brazier and the smell of burnt flesh wafted through the room. Rose
shrieked and came and fainted. The master and his men chuckled. Scott tore his
pants off and masturbated wildly.

	When Rose showed signs of life the master repeated the trick on her
other breast. Again she came so hard that she passed out.

	The men took another break and lolled about as Rose lay unconscious on
the rack. They drank and joked among themselves as they waited for her to
recover. Another beer was brought to her husband. After a half an hour Rose came
back to the world. She moaned and tried to raise her head. The master held a
glass to her lips and she drank.

	"Are you ready to be branded again?" the master asked her.

	"Yes," she managed to croak.

	"Remove her blindfold," the master ordered.

	She raised her head and tried to look at her nipples.

	"Just lay back," the master ordered. "You can look later." He held the
hot iron in front of her face.

	"Where should I brand you now?" he asked.

	"On my pussy," she whispered.

	"Ok, get ready."

	She lay back and stared at the ceiling. The master knelt between her
legs and placed his finger on her skin an inch above the opening of her pussy.
She took a deep breath, then screamed as the iron touched her body where his
finger had been. The master held it on her for a few seconds, then tossed it
aside and thrust his cock inside her. Rose screamed and screamed and screamed
and had orgasm after orgasm.

	The master fucked Rose until he came, then clambered off and motioned
for someone else to take his place. They all had their turn

	Scott spurted cum all over the interior or his little room.



	After she had been fucked, Rose was removed from the rack. She stood
shakily and examined her body. She looked puzzled at her uninjured nipples. The
men grinned at her.

	"I had no intention of damaging those lovely breasts," the master told
her. "And I'm not so cruel as to cause damage to the nerves in your nipples. The
only brand is at your pussy."

	Rose walked to a mirror and examined herself. She winced as she touched
the brand, then smiled and turned to the men. She stood on wide spread feet and
placed her hands on her hips, displaying herself proudly.

	"It is sore?" one man asked.

	"The brand or my pussy?" she asked laughing.

	"Whichever," he said.

	"Yes, they both are," she said. "And I love it. Thank you all very much.
I can't wait to show my daughter."

	Scott put his pants on and slipped quietly out to the limo.



	Vivian was horrified when she saw Rose's brand, She insisted on babying
Rose for a couple of days until it healed. At Rose's suggestion, Vivian gave the
scar a tongue bath several times every day.

	Cathy shrieked with delight when Rose told her about the brand over the
phone. She told her mother that she wanted to be branded but Rose pointed out
that a brand was permanent and Cathy should only be branded by the man who would
make himself her master for life. Cathy grudgingly agreed.

        Sue, when she learned of the brand announced that she was going to beg
the master to brand her no matter what. And no amount of reasoning could change
her mind. Rose spoke to the master who assured her that he would not permit
either girl to be branded.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shackleford Bond


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





