BDSM Library - Community Slut




Community Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cindy Gray, an attractive, mature wife of a prominent and very rich Doctor, is seduced by her neighbors young beautiful daughter. Caught in the act by the girls irate mother, Cindy suffers a terrible beating and is sexually humiliated in public. Mrs. Gray's descent into debasement is just beginning when it is proclaimed she will be used as "The Community Slut".
       Community Slut
      
	My eyes opened ever so slowly, trying to adjust to the early morning Sun
that burned down on me, for a minute I did not even recognize my own backyard. I
scanned my surroundings, moving my head from side to side, I was in a daze,
barely conscious , was this a dream, a nightmare? My God, how did I end up
leaning against the brick wall that separates my property from the neighbors
yard, why is my entire body being bombarded with continuous explosions of pain ?
I raise my head looking toward my palatial estate, I have to get in the house
but it seems like a hundred miles away and I can't move a muscle, my body is
paralyzed with pain. The simple motion of holding my head up is causing me
excruciating discomfort, slowly I ease my head back down. As if for the first
time I notice I am naked, not a thread of clothing  covers my tormented body.
"No, No, No God, No" a sudden wave of terror washes through my troubled mind, my
eyes focus on my breasts they are horribly disfigured, swollen to twice their
normal size, covered with an array of contusions, scratches and lacerations.
Eyes moving down, seeing my soft belly, the white flesh now a deep scarlet with
areas of black and blue floating in that sea of red. Not wanting to look any
further, afraid of what I will see, yet my eyes focus between my legs,  my most
private parts seem to suffer the worst pain of all and now I see why. Parcels of
flesh dot my neatly trimmed pubic area where the hair was ripped out by the
roots. My crotch and thighs look foreign to me, no longer creamy white flesh but
rather dark, bruised skin, horrendous in it's ugly display of assorted colors,
blue, purple, green, yellow and red. My pink folds of flesh burn with the fires
of torment the likes of which I have never felt in my  life.

	Feeling light headed now , I reach my left hand between my legs and
cradle my breasts with my right arm. My head hags heavy on my chest, once again
I close my eyes, blocking out the morning sun as well as the sight of my
battered, beaten and bruised body. My mind vividly recalls the events leading up
to my present state of disconcert. Oh, God, it started out as a beautiful dream
and eroded into my worst nightmare, but not the kind that happen in the comfort
of your bed while you sleep the night away,  then wake up, perhaps upset but
relieved that it was only a "Dream". Oh, no, this did not happen while I slept,
it was neither illusion nor fantasy. It happened, every painful, agonizing and
humiliating detail. Must have been yesterday maybe the day before, unable to
know how long I have been sitting here in my present condition.

	 I was working on my tan in the backyard. Wearing a fairly  modest, but
cut low in the front, black, one piece bathing suit reclining on my chaise
lounge, my mind drifting in and out of erotic daydreams, so peaceful and quiet.
Suddenly my reverie was interrupted, "Hey, Mrs. C. how are you." The voice of my
neighbors 18 year old daughter rang out to me, as she leaned over the fence. 
Immediately I sat up, adjusted the top of my bathing suit and waved to Tammie,
"Hi honey what are you up to today", I answered back. Well  we exchanged a few
pleasantries ,  then she invited me over to her yard to take a dip in their
custom built in-ground pool. Our own kidney shaped Olympic sized pool had not
yet been repaired and a such was out of service and empty.  Well it didn't take
much coaxing for me to take her up on the kind invitation, as hot as it was a
refreshing dip in that clear, cold water sounded like a splendid idea. Once
again I adjusted my bathing suit, pulling up on the top a little. With Tammie
there I was a bit self conscious of my pendulous bosom and the amount of
cleavage the plunging neckline of my suit exposed.
	
     	When I passed through the gate, I nearly passed out period, there was
this young, beautiful girl wearing the skimpiest bikini I have ever seen. The
tiny red bikini left nothing to the imagination it was all very evident and on
display. Her thong disappeared between the tight cheeks of her hot little butt
and the two Silver Dollar sized circles of red fabric held together with barely
a thread showed off every inch of her firm young breasts. Hidden behind dark
glasses, my eyes studied her fantastic body as she strolled toward me to give me
an innocent kiss on the cheek. The minute her lips touched my flushed cheek  my
loins began to stir, I knew I should have left but I did not want to make a
hasty exit and have the girl wondering what was wrong. Instead, I smiled at her
nervously and slowly followed her to the chaise lounges. After sitting for a few
minutes, trying not to glance over at the young nymph next to me I finally
relaxed, calmed down a bit and was able to focus on the blue water shimmering in
the huge swimming pool. My perky young host then jumped to her feet and
scampered into the house, calling back that she was going to make us some cold
drinks. I hollered toward her, I didn't really want anything to drink and she
was too Young to drink but she only giggled and disappeared into her house.
While Tammie was gone I touched my hand between my legs, I was wet, excited,
throbbing and ashamed, ashamed that I would respond in such a lecherous way to
the sight of a eighteen year old girl, a good girl, a friend.

	Perhaps the fact that my husband was away  on an  extended business trip 
and as each day dragged by I became more and more lonely had something to do
with it. I suppose that's the price you must pay for being married to the Chief
of Staff at the most prestigious and renowned Medical Centers in the State, not
to mention living the pampered life of a millionaire.  Well my kids were home
and  friends stopped in from time to time but I wasn't lonely for conversation.
I was growing more and more sexually frustrated, lonely, lonely for what was
missing in my life at that time S-E-X.  I found it necessary to pleasure myself
whenever I got that tingling feeling between my legs. Believe me that feeling
crept up on me more frequently as each day passed. It would seem that the month
my husband was gone the urges to unlock the floodgates of my desires simply
soared out of control. After all I was a healthy Mature Woman with all the
needs, desires and passions that come with age and experience. I never
considered cheating on my husband , I had too much self respect and could never
risk the embarrassment or pain that would surely follow if I were ever caught
being perfidious. Of course I was confident I would have a fair amount of
success if I choose to play the field. Well, what can I say, even though I was
54 years old, I was still considered to be very attractive with a body that
women perhaps 20 years younger than I envied. Nevertheless I remained faithful
and was complacent to simply "amuse" myself.




	Minutes later my semi-nude hostess reappeared handed me a tall Vodka and
Tonic and placed her bottle of Arizona iced-tea down on the patio table. "Don't
worry, I told you I was a good girl Mrs. C., it's only Iced-tea", she laughed
and asked how I liked my drink. Well as parched as my throat was I gulped down
almost half the drink in one fast swallow before I realized that it was much
more Vodka than Tonic. I wrinkled my nose, let the alcohol flow into my belly
and told her it was delicious. Truth be told it was very strong but I managed to
drink it rather quickly. Seeing my glass almost empty, Tammie came over took it
from my hand and headed to the house once again, "No, honey, no Thanks I don't
need another drink?" before I could finish my sentence she was gone. Her
departure gave me another opportunity to touch myself, I rubbed my crotch,
squeezing my pussy tight, feeling my body begin to really tingle all over.
"God", I thought to myself, "Cindy, what the hell is wrong with you," before I
could make up my mind weather to stay or head for home Tammie returned . I
quickly pulled my hand away from my groin, hoping she did not notice then she
gave me my drink. I learned my lesson from the last drink, this time I took
slow, calculated sips but even so I still felt that familiar relaxed feeling one
gets from being a little tipsy.

	Suddenly, without any warning, Tammie handed me a bottle of Copper Tone,
rolled over on her belly and asked me to put the Sun tan lotion on her back. My
hand shook as I reached for the bottle and my mouth dropped open, what could I
do, I had to rub the lotion on her back. I poured a healthy amount of the
coconut smelling lotion in my hand, rubbed my two hands together, then knelt
beside Tammie and began to apply the lotion to her sensuous back. Working my
hands expertly, I pressed down hard on her back, moved my hands to her spine
then slowly, ever so slow with my fingers spread wide apart, inched my hands
toward her swan like neck. Over and over again I repeated my tender massage of
Tammie's back but each time moving my hands lower and lower below the base of
her spine and eventually swarming all over the luscious, tight cheeks of her
mesmerizing ass. I was lost in the maze of passion, out of control, my heart
beating so fast it hurt my chest, my head was spinning my entire body trembling,
my thighs and legs struggled to keep me kneeling in an upright position. Through
it all my young beautiful neighbor, quietly moaned, cooed and oooohhhhhhhhh'd,
she seemed so relaxed under my strong touch. She whispered out how good my hands
felt on her body, she loved the way I was massaging her back, her soft sensuous
voice only added to my excitement. While my hands gently pried apart her tight
buns, I stared between her spread thighs, eventually seeing her pink puckered
forbidden hole, her red thong pulled so tight into the crevice of her butt it
could not conceal her tiny dark hole. Oblivious to everything around me, I
squeezed her ass cheeks as tight as I could then squeezed my thighs together,
flexing my pussy, she cired out, "Ohhhhhh Mrs. C?." and I came. I felt the warm
sticky fluid of my passion seep from between my swollen pink folds of flesh,
then trickle under the edge of my bathing suit, dripping down my thigh.

	I prayed to God, Tammie would never find out how I responded simply by
touching her body. I cleared my throat, caught my breath, struggled back to my
chaise lounge.  I turned my head toward Tammie just in time to see her rolling
over onto her back, she looked at me and sheepishly asked me to do her front.
Still trying to recover from the orgasm I just experienced, I said, "What? Do
your front? What do you mean Tammie?. In the most sensual, erotic voice you
could ever imagine, each word dripping with honey she said, "Oh, Pleaseeeeeeeeee
Mrs. C, you did such a great job on my back, won't you pleaseeeeeee put some
lotion on my little belly".
	
	The effects of the alcohol, the sun and Tammie must have clouded my
otherwise rational thinking. I stood up, picked up the bottle of Copper-Tone and
moved over to Tammie's chaise-lounge. I knelt down gently between Tammie's
spread open legs, her light, sparse pubic fuzz and glistening love slit exposed,
her thong useless in offering any kind of covering. I saturated my hands once
again with the sun tan lotion, then leaned forward, my ample bosom coated with
perspiration tumbled free from the confines of my low cut bathing suit. I felt
my face turn crimson red from embarrassment but made no effort to tuck my
pendulous breasts back inside. "Wow, Mrs. C., you have some set of tits, God
they are gigantic," Tammie laughed out loud, I laughed as well causing my fleshy
orbs to jiggle from side to side.  Gently, I placed the palms of my hands on her
tight abdomen and begin to massage the lotion into her pliant flesh, moving from
side to side my hands exploring every inch of her taut belly. When my finger
toyed with her little belly button, that familiar sensation permeated trough my
loins yet again and almost subconsciously my hands reached for Tammie's firm
breasts. Helping myself to generous handfuls of Tammie's young bosom, my hands
swarmed all over her chest, I massaged, caressed and squeezed her, I pinched her
young yet excited nipples, rolled those pink eraser like nibs between my thumbs
and forefingers. Her sobs of ecstacy rang out, she whispered and yelled my name,
she cried and laughed at the same time, "Yessssssss, Mrs. C., Noooooooo Mrs. C.,
pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Mrs. C." I was drunk with desire, delirious with
lust, my juices were flowing like a Niagra. I lowered my head to her chest then
captured an erect nipple between my wet lips. I sucked on the breast of Tammie
as if I were a starving infant, well I was starving but not for nourishment I
was starving for Tammie.

	I painted the landscape of her full and tender tits with long, lavish
strokes of my tongue, then licked her neck, her cheeks, her ears and even her
nose, eventually my excited tongue worked it's way deep inside her beautiful
mouth. I laid my body on top of hers, wrapped my arms around her neck and kissed
her more passionately and fervently than I ever kissed anyone, our legs were
tangled around each other , I began to grind my body down on top of her, I
thrust my hips, slamming my pussy against hers. Tammie returned the favor she
raised her hips up to met mine, each sensuous meeting of our bodies caused my
love canal to burn with desire , I was again saturated with the nectar of love
that seeped from between my palpitating pussy, my excited swollen tiny bud of
pleasure emerged up from it's protective hood , exposed and vulnerable to the
slightest touch. I don't  remember slipping out of my bathing suit but I
remember looking at it laying on the ground as if someone else threw it there,
while I slowly moved off the chaise lounge onto the grass. Through it all
Tammie's voice sernaded me to heights of euphoria, 'Ohhhhhhhhh Yesssssssssss,
Mrs. CCCccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeee, your incredible, Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I love you
Mrs. C, don't ever stop.........." Eventually her seductive and encouraging
words seemed to fade away when I pressed my head between her tender thighs.  My
hand trembled as I reached between her sopping wet, tender, delicious, so very
wonderful pussy, I hooked my finger around her tiny red thong and pulled it out
from it's hiding place deep inside her young slit.  Pulling her cum soaked strip
of cloth from between her legs was an experiment in pure pleasure, she continued
to writhe , twitch and twist that fantastic body of hers while I pulled her
bikini to the side and sucked on the drenched thong.  All the heart stopping
symptoms of an impending, earth shaking orgasm engulfed my body when I mashed my
hot mouth into her pussy, invading it with deep, long, lavish caresses of my
excited tongue.
	
	
	"OOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWW, OOOOOOOOOO, Noooooo, Arghhhhhhhhhh....."  I
screamed at the top of my lungs, but it was not only the result of my shuddering
orgasm that caused me to yell out like a crazed banshee my scalp was erupting in
a volcano of pain. Someone had grabbed hold of my head, twisted my hair tight
around their fingers and yanked my head back so hard I though my neck would
snap.  God, I was still licking Tammies sweet juices from my lips when I felt my
body being turned around, still on my knees, my head was once again yanked in
the air only to be slammed to the ground. My forehead smashed into the ground so
hard it actually bounced up and down twice before coming to a halt.  I was
seeing stars at this point then I heard someone speak, "You dirty, rotten,
filthy old whore, what do you think your doing to my daughter. " Again that
familiar burning in my scalp, my hair being literally torn out by the roots and
my body slowly being lifted off my knees onto my feet. My legs were have a
terrible time of supporting my weight, they shook and trembled so much I thought
for sure I would tumble back to the ground, somehow I managed to hold my
sweating, naked body erect and focus on my tormentor.  I am sorry I did, "YOU,
you disgusting  BITCH, she's only eighteen you fucking whore , WHAT were you
making my Tammie  do???????"  I looked in the direction of that hysterical,
screaming voice, God, it was Tammie's mom, Linda. Standing to next her was her
husband Billy, behind them Billy's two older sons from a previous marriage,  met
them on different occasions at various neighbor hood gatherings, big, strong and
good looking young men, one was 22 the other around 25. The four outraged 
members of Tammie's family stood staring at me, if looks could kill I would have
been executive in a second, God I can still see those eyes burning into my flesh
and  searing my soul. Instinctively I lowered my arms, crossed my hands in front
of my obviously excited , wet pussy, just as quickly I raised one hand and tried
to cover my perspiring mounds of flesh when I realized that the three men in
front of me were staring at my impressive bosom. Linda wasn't staring at my
bosom or any other part of my anatomy, her eyes, filled with abhorrence, disgust
and hatred stared into my tear filled eyes. "YOU fucking Bitch", Linda was
starting another tirade, but was interrupted,  by this time Tammie had managed
to pull her little bikini back into place and was standing next to her mother,
sobbing out loud, "Ohhh mommy, I don't know why Mrs. C jumped on me like that, I
begged her not to but she just forced herself on top of me and before I knew it
she was kissing me and trying to put her finger inside me. Ohhhhhh Mommy, I feel
so dirty now, I couldn't stop Mrs. C, she was just too big and strong for me.
Oh, mom, daddy , why did she do that?" I couldn't believe my ears, that
beautiful young creature from heaven twisted the truth into a terrible lie from
hell, how could she, I thought to myself.  Still I was too distraught to speak
and I certainly wasn't going to call her precious daughter a liar, not in the
frame of mind Linda was in. "YOU dirty pig, is this how the wife of a rich
Doctor acts, wait until I tell your husband and your own God damn kids just what
a despicable, vulgar and disgusting woman you are. YOU fucking hypocrite, you
look down your nose at us because my husband drives a truck for a living, you
sit around your fancy Country Club all night while I work waiting on tables so
we can afford this neighborhood and look what the fuck we are living next to.
Look at yourself you fucking whore."  Linda's words tore at my heart, maybe she
was right after all, I felt so ashamed so contaminated, God I wanted to die
right then and there, I managed to find my voice, "Linda, please Linda, I am so
very sorry, this is all my fault, there is nothing I can say that can make any
of this justified, I am sorry, please, I better just leave now, God I'm sorry,
my voice quivered,  tears flowed down my face and I headed for the gate not even
bothering to retrieve my bathing suit. My retreat was soon aborted, Linda stood
right in my path, preventing my from taking another step forward. "Not so fast
BITCH, I'm not finished here", she punctuated her words by grabbing two handfuls
of my hair, yanking my head from side to side and then hurling my body through
the air. I landed on my side about three feet from where she was standing,
rolling over I sat up held my arms in the air and pleaded with Linda not to do
this, just let me go, I suffered enough. My pleas were answered with kick to the
center of my chest. I toppled over again , quickly scurried to my knees, now I
am really begging Linda to stop, I'm kneeling in an upright position almost as
if I were in church, arms at my waist,  hands clasped together, "Please Linda, I
don't want to fight you, please........."

	My words were cut off in mid sentence, oooowwwwwwwwww nooooooooo, Linda
stood in front of me, bent down and grabbed each of my sagging tits in her
strong hands, she squeezed her fingers so tight around my globes that her nails
tore into my tender flesh. Letting out an audible grunt,  she yanked my tits,
without letting up on her vice like grip she lifted me right to my feet simply
by pulling on my throbbing breasts. Once again facing my adversary, I covered my
injured boobs with my hands, "pleaseeeeee Linda, stop," still begging for mercy
but to no avail. In an instant, Linda's right arm shot forward she manged to
grasp a rather large clump of my pubic hair in her strong fingers,
"EEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW, OWWWW, a forceful tug of her hand and
that patch of hair was torn out by the roots from my tender mound. I looked
around for a possible escape, I had to get out of that yard as soon as possible,
I was in no condition to fight Linda, not now anyway, not with the amount of
hatred she had toward me to fuel her adrenaline.

	While scanning the yard, my eyes opened wide in horror and
embarrassment. With all the yelling and screaming going on a large group of my
friends and neighbors had gathered in the yard to see what all the commotion
was. There had to be at least fifty people in that yard, some people who were
long time friends of ours, some of my husbands patients and colleagues as well,
members of my Country Club and even the Minister from the church we belong to
and I function as a honored Deacon in was watching the spectacle. They saw a
commotion alright and they saw a hell of a lot more. They saw me, the well
respected and always so dignified Doctor's wife, naked as the day she was born,
they saw me being manhandled by an irate mother and were already given earfuls
of gossip about me forcing my self on Tammie, trying  to extract sexual
pleasures from the young , innocent girl. I stood there with my head hanging
down in disrepute, I will never be able to face these people again and what of
my husband and the kids how will they ever be able to walk with their heads held
high when the rumors of my disgrace become common knowledge in town. To be sure
these thoughts were hoovering in my consciousness but I heard Linda's voice and
I was now facing yet another dilemma .
	
	"You fucking whore, you know I am going to destroy you Bitch but I will
at least give you the chance to defend yourself." I looked up, Linda took a step
back and opened her robe, she let it slip off her tanned shoulders, I stared at
it while it fell to the ground. Then I slowly raised my eyes again, staring at
her body from toe to head. Linda looked like a Goddess, standing there with her
hands on her narrow hips wearing a very sexy purple bra and matching silk
panties. Her body was a golden bronze like an expensive statute in a museum, not
a single inch of fat, not one blemish, not the slightest imperfection could be
seen on this woman. Believe me , my eyes searched every part of her to try to
discover one fault with her perfect physique but there was none to be found.
Well you could certainly figure out where Tanny got her fantastic figure and
beautiful sensuous looks from.  Linda was an older version of Tammie. Older,
sure ,Linda was 39 years old but built better, stronger and more voluptuous than
her daughter. I heard a voice inside my head, "Cindy, what the fuck are you
thinking about, this woman is ready to tear you from limb to limb and your
staring at her like a lovesick fool. That inner voice taunted me, you really are
a pathetic whore Cindy, your getting hot looking at Linda aren't you.  NO.
answering my own conscious I didn't mean for it to be said out loud but it
startled me and Linda must have heard it as well, she repeated, "NO ?, no what
Mrs. C, just what the fuck are you thinking about in that sick mind of yours."
I'm afraid Linda already guessed what I was thinking about, she gave me a most
seductive little grin than reached behind her back, unfastened her purple bra
and let it fall to the ground next to her robe. I gazed at Linda's ample bosom
waiting for it to droop down her chest when she removed her bra, the way my tits
do but they didn't budge, it was as if she never took her bra off. Those ample
bronzed, perfectly round globes of flesh did not budge, they were firm, solid,
held up on their own without any need for support. I shifted my weight from one
foot to the other and turned my eyes away from Linda's most impressive chest,
praying that the buzzing tunnel of love between my legs would not betray me by
ejaculating down my thigh. God, I have been known to really squirt on occasion
and it seemed like this might be just one of those occasions, the last thing I
need now was to involuntarily shoot a spray of cum from between my slit and have
the entire neighborhood see my thighs coated in a fine sheen of my own juice.

	Craaaaaaaaaaaack, my cheek burned with pain, Linda's hard open handed
slap made all my preceding thoughts regarding her fantastic and oh so sexy body
abate for the time being. Linda began to flay away at will, her hands moving
faster then I'd ever seen anyones hands move, they pummeled me with devastating
punches, propelled by powerful arms and punctuated by hands turned into fists of
steel. My chest a prime target for Linda's punches, alternating between my right
and left tit she assailed my tender bruised boobs with right hooks, left jabs
and combination shots that seemed to never miss a beat and certainly never
missed a target, either my left tit, my right tit or the deep cleavage between
my twin peaks. My ample bosom danced obscenely across my chest with each
collision into Linda's fists, my boobs, ached from the battering as well as they
way the were forced to jiggle wildly, being jolted up and down or thrashed about
from side to side. The vulgar and animated exhibition of my immense fleshy sacks
did not go unnoticed by the crowd as they watched with mouths gapping and eyes
wide with disbelief, perhaps disgust and possible some depraved delight at
seeing my breasts scourged. From the corner of my eye I could see them pointing
at me, giggling, or grimacing in sympathy, but all looking and pointing at me
never the less.
	
	After what seemed like hours of this violent breast battering, Linda
suddenly stopped, she unclenched her fists and shook her hands, maybe to get the
circulation flowing through her arms and perchance to formulate a new plan of
attack on me. Thankful for the stop in the action, I  teetered on weak knees ,
swaying to and fro, my arms hung limply at my sides and I barely had the
strength to hold my head up.  My reprieve was only short lived, suddenly without
any warning Linda slapped my face so hard it rattled my teeth, owwwwwww,
Cracccccccccck another slap, then another, the force of each blow causing me to
move back, I couldn't take it any longer, there had to be a way to defend myself
against this woman. I raised my arms and grabbed hold of Linda's wrists, we
stood like that momentarily, staring into each others face, her eyes were
bright, clear and very exotic, mine were teary, blurred and very bloodshot. She
laughed in my face, "Are you finally going to put up a fight you whore?" Well,
look it here everybody, THE Doctor's wife wants to challenge me to a test of
strength."  The crowd clapped their hands together in mock appreciation for my
sudden bravados , even I realized the absurdity of the situation and knew all
too well that at this stage of the game, I did not stand a chance against Linda.
My brain felt like it was operating in slow motion, I saw Linda shift her weight
to her left foot, I knew what was coming but by the time I could transfer the
information from my brain to my body it was too late. She bent her right knee
then raised her leg, still looking at her very serious but oh so very beautiful
face, I cried out, "no,...No...., please, NO....". By the time I managed to
blurt out the third "NO" my pussy was already detonating with excruciating pain
that radiated from between my legs and coursed through every inch of my body .
My fingers slipped off of Linda's wrists, I felt my knees buckle and I started
to crumple to the ground but Linda grabbed a hold of my hair with her left hand
and in a show of sheer superiority held me in an upright position using only one
arm. WHUUUUUUUUUUUUMPPPPPPPPPPP, the second slam between my legs from Linda's
solid right knee was more paralyzing than the first, the force of the impact
elevated me off my feet, but somewhere between my brain and my vocal cords, my
voice got lost. I twisted my face into a grotesque mask of pain, my mouth opened
wide , my lips formed a giant circle but not a single sound came out. Linda
quickly reached down, grabbed another fistful of my pubic hair, tore it out then
shoved the clump of wiry hair into my open mouth. I started to gag, cough and
spit , my frantic gasps for air caused  the coarse hairs to slide toward the
back of my mouth, tickle my throat and  finally get swallowed into my belly.
Once again the crowd of neighbors erupted in a spontaneous outburst of laughter
after Linda said to me in a loud , clear voice, "Well you fucking tramp, you
enjoy eating pussy so much thought you might enjoy the confection that goes with
it."
	
	When the demeaning laughter died down, Linda opened the fingers of the
hand holding onto my head, as my strands of hair unraveled from her fingers I
felt my legs giving out on me but before I could  sink to my knees, Linda
slammed her hands against my shoulders gave a forceful shove and sent my body
sailing backwards. My back crashed against the steel lamp post in the yard
shaking the fixture so hard that the decorative glass around the bulb shattered,
I bounced off the pole, my staggering body twisted to the right and I collided
with their large outdoor grill. My body crashed against the wooden handle on the
front of the grill at waist level causing me to fall over the top of heavy cast
iron black cover. The way I was draped over the grill reminded me of those old
cowboy movies where they used to hang the dead man over the back of a horse then
ride him into town. My arms dangled over the back of the grill, my legs slightly
spread hung down the front, my belly and breasts flattened against the huge
curved top of the gas grill crushed between my dead weight. I wondered how many
of my neighbors were staring between my legs while my lifeless body hung in this
humiliating position. Worries about my shameful display were quickly forgotten
when I felt a sharp stinging sensation across my bare butt, Linda had grabbed a
stainless steel spatula from it's nearby rack and started using the heavy
cooking implement as a paddle. Linda peppered my aching backside with one heavy
blow after another, the wide metal end slammed my lower back, my quivering ass
cheeks and the tended area on the back of my thighs. I have never been spanked
in such a cruel and painful manner. I could almost feel big, ugly red welts
erupting on the surface of my tender bottom as she swung the spatula against my
helpless body. Every so often, between my continuing sobs of misery I would yelp
out loud like an injured puppy, Linda would let the end of the spatula turn
slightly causing the sharp steel edges of the tool to cut into my soft flesh.
When Linda finally finished spanking the ever loving daylights out of my ass
with that spatula I knew my backside as well as the backs of my thighs were
decorated with an intricate criss-crossing pattern of thin, blood red lines.

	I was actually amazed that I remained conscious during this entire and
very painful experience but conscious I was and very aware of a new, different
type of pain commencing in crease of my butt. "Noooooooooo, no Linda, please
don't do it, pleaseeeeeeeee", my voice was filled with terror, I felt Linda
pressing the round, wooden handle of the spatula against my tight puckered dark
opening, slowly she increased the pressure until my butt parted and the handle
snaked it's way deep inside my ass. Linda worked that huge thing in and out of
my ass so hard I thought my bowels would be ruptured the pain was unbearable yet
the sensation of having my ass invaded by a foreign wooden object caused an
unusual, almost involuntary response from me. As I grew accustomed to my hole
being stretched and penetrated  the pain subsided a bit and much to my surprise
my sex juices were starting to surge once again.  Unfortunately this reaction
did not go unnoticed by Linda, I swear I heard her snicker seeing me try to lift
my backside off the grill top to meet the thrusts of the handle in my ass.  I
heard Linda's voice ring out, speaking to the crowd of people gathered in her
yard, "Will you look at this fine Lady, I think she likes it up the ass, what do
you think?" not really expecting an answer to her rhetorical question, she added
as an after thought, "wonder what else this whore likes". 
	
	Linda released her grip of the spatula protruding from my ass, I felt
the thing slipping out, I clenched my sphincter muscles around the object my ass
almost embracing the wooden cylinder, twitching and pressing finally I pushed
the thing out of my butt, followed by a audible moan of pleasure. Linda walked
to the back of the gas grill, grabbed my arms then pulled me forward. My limp
body landed on the grass face down but she quickly bent down and rolled me over
to my back. Standing between my legs she kicked my thighs apart, almost
involuntarily I bent my legs and planted the soles of my bare feet on the plush
lawn. I looked up at this Goddess , despite the brutal beating she had given me
and the humiliation she was putting me through I still thought she was the most
beautiful woman I had ever seen. Her toned, tanned body was spectacular to say
the least, her huge but so very firm breasts jutted out proudly, her belly as
tight and perfectly rounded as her daughters. Staring at her I felt so old, out
of shape and ugly, "please Linda, let me go home, pleaseee...." I hate to admit
it but my voice did not sound very convincing, Linda detected as mush as well,
:Ohhhhh you dirty tramp, you don't want to go home, " she hooked her thumbs in
the waist band of her purple passion silk panties and slowly worked them down
around her shapely legs, wiggling  out of them in an erotic dance of delight
right before my eyes. "No slut, you don't want to go home," Linda tapped her
crotch, " you want this more than you ever wanted anything in your life," then
she pressed two fingers against her labia and pulled the tender flesh to the
side, "  your money can't buy nothing like this Bitch", she exposed her
shimmering pink slit, she saw my eyes staring up between her legs, "Oh yeah, you
old slut, let me hear you  beg me for a taste."

	My God, I could not believe my own wanton desires but as my eyes drank
in her beauty , her naked body standing over me, from my submissive position on
my back underneath her, I knew she was right. God, I did want her I wanted her
as much as I wanted her daughter, NO I wanted her more. I heard the sound of
feet shuffling, the crowd of people moved closer, forming a circle around our
naked bodies, Linda's husband  his two sons and of course Tammie were standing
the closest to us. "Pleaseeeee, Linda, please let me go home now". I could not
take my eyes off this woman, I stared at her crotch, it was completely hairless,
as smooth as a baby's butt, two tiny cherries were tattooed to the left of her
puffy pink slit and  her right labia was pierced, her small hoop of gold dazzled
me as the sun light reflected off it. Suddenly, Linda raised her right foot,
pressed her pretty toes against my wet pussy then began to wiggle then ,
"Ohhhhh, pleaseeeeeeeee,, ummmmmmmmm", the response was what Linda anticipated,
she let her big toe tease my magical button of pleasure and I felt it growing
firm, hard and big, slowly it emerged from it's protective folds of flesh,
"ummmmmmmmmmm, pleaseeeeeeeeeeee Linda...." I purred out soft sounds of pleasure
as I raised my hips off the ground trying to embrace her foot with my saturated
pussy. "Oh you sex crazed Bitch, beg me Bitch, beg me, right here right now in
front of all your classy friends, I want everybody to hear what a depraved old
whore you are." Just as quickly as Linda pressed her foot against my pussy, she
took it away. I dropped my hips back to the crowd in disappointment. "Pleaseeeee
Linda, LINDA, pleaseeeeeeeeee I beg you, let me have you, Pleaseeeee I want you
so bad honey, Please God, Linda I need you."  I was shocked by my sudden
outburst of pleading for Linda, the crowd was entertained and started to cheer
Linda on. That sensuous woman needed no encouragement at this point, she had me
where she wanted me and knew it, I would do or say anything Linda wanted me to
just for a chance to be intimate with her.
	
	Almost magically, Linda's crotch appeared above my face. She stood over
my head, providing me an unobstructed view up her long tapered legs and into
that beautiful tunnel of love nestled between her muscular thighs. Slowly Linda
began to lower her body down on me face, only mock indignation made me half
heartedly move my head from side to side in the weakest of protests. I felt her
hot, damp body close down around my head, her moist bald pussy pressing against
my gapping mouth. My lips immediately went to work kissing her pussy, pressing
her juicy labia between them, my tongue not to be outdone rolled into action as
well, licking the entire length of her slit, from top to bottom,  toying with
the Gold ring that pierced her, stretching as far as it would go to eventually
immerse itself deep inside her luscious love canal. My arms reached behind her
back, my hands settled on her ass cheeks, pulling her woman hood tighter against
me while Linda, rotated her sexy hips, grinding her pussy against my burning
face. My own pussy was emitting a steady stream of juice. Oh God was pussy wet, 
it was very slippery and loose easily accepting the large, round object that was
being plunged inside. I had no idea what it was or who was guiding it in and out
of my saturated pussy, but it felt good, great as a matter of fact, despite the
immense length and width of it  I took it all in. I thrust my hips up and down,
fucking my self against the thing being moved in and out of me,  while Linda
continued her gyrations against my face, filling my mouth with her juices. 
"Ohhhhhhhhh" I felt my ass being spread open and soon another object was slammed
inside that tight and sore opening, again, I had no idea what it was, I only
could feel that it was smaller than the thing inside my pussy, more pliant but
still firm. The OOOOOoooooohhhhhhhs and AHHHHHHHHHHHs from the crowd drowned out
Linda's scream of pleasure as she finally convulsed in a powerful , shaking
orgasm,  her hot savory pussy literally sprayed a long stream of juice into my
mouth and down my throat. My own animalistic screams of passion were drowned out
by Linda's crotch still plastered against my mouth.
	
	Eventually, Linda rolled her shaking, sweating, sensuous body off of me
and sat on the grass, propping herself up with her arms behind her on the
ground. I was totally spent and exhausted but managed to bend my neck and look
between my spread open and shaking legs. I saw Tammie's hand wrapped around the
neck of her empty ice tea bottle as she slowly pulled it out from my saturated
slit. Her other hand was holding the huge tube of sun tan lotion, obviously the
object that she was using to pervade  my tortured butt. Hearing Linda's voice I
moved my eyes from Tammie toward Linda, I watched as she staggered to her feet,
slipped on her robe and once again addressed the stunned crowd. "I have to give
that whore a lot of credit, she is one fantastic pussy licker. I swear ladies
you all have to give The Doctors wife a try,  her tongue definitely knows it's
way around a woman's most intimate parts."  Linda then turned toward her
husband, winked at him and continued with her little speech to our group of
neighbors, "yeah the old dyke has a talent for licking pussy, hummmmm wonder
what other talents her filthy mouth is capable of...." Almost as if on cue,
Linda's husband moved toward me then knelt down next to my head, I turned my
face to look at him, judging from the huge bulge between his legs I would
imagine that he enjoyed the demonstration of my debauchery as much as his wife
and daughter. I watched through tears in my eyes as he released his impressive
manhood from his pants, "Noooooo, pleaseeee, don't make m......" the tip of his
pulsating shaft touched my lips and my cries were cut off in mid sentence. He
shuffled his body a little closer to my face, instinctively I started licking
the bulbous head while fondling his heavy balls in my right head. Linda's
husband began thrusting his massive cock harder and harder and very deep inside
my mouth. I began to feel those unmistakable tremors of excitement between my
legs, subconsciously I  thrust my hips off the ground as if searching for
something, anything to fill my tingling slit and cool the fire of desire that
burned there. My search was soon over, I felt the tip of a hot stiff erection
pressing against my labia then in one mighty shove , bury itself between my
legs. I strained by eyes to see who was fucking me so violently, God, it was
Linda's step-son, the younger one. He slammed his hips so fast and hard against
me he was driving his hard-on in and out of me like a jack-hammer. I surprised
myself as I managed to hump my hips up against his, matching that 22 year old
kid thrust for thrust.  Not forgetting the huge throbbing dick impaling my
mouth, I begin to lick the tip of it slowly almost sensuously, my filthy tongue
exploring every inch of that pulsating penis. Eventually I sucked the whole
thing deep into my mouth, and I could feel the bulging tip of Linda's husbands
manhood at the back of my throat. I began contracting my mouth rhythmically and
felt the throbbing of his impending orgasm. I could feel my own impending orgasm
as well from the tremendous fucking I was getting. Almost simultaneously the
three of us experienced shuddering orgasms. One cock emptied it's massive load
of cum into my mouth,  I let loose a steady stream of juice from my pussy and
that young man filled me with repeated spurts of hot, sticky cum each one more
voluminous than the previous one. Once their pleasure was serviced they slipped
their flaccid shafts from their respective receptacles, I felt the gooey
substance of there deposits dripping from my spread legs and gapping mouth.

	Linda moved over by me and pointed her finger down, "well what do you
think of our fine, respectable neighbor now, huh, hummmmm I don't think Mrs. C.
looks all that classy anymore . Can't wait to tell that handsome Doctor just
what his sophisticated and erudite wife does when he's away. " "no, no, no, no,
pleaseeeeeeeee Linda, please don't tell him." I begged her not to relate the
events of today to him. Linda burst out with a cruel laugh, "I see the prospects
of your husband and kids hearing about your little episode today doesn't sit
very well with you, does it? Well perhaps we CAN keep this a secret", Linda
turned to the crowd, "What do you say folks why don't we just keep our mouths
shut about what happened here and... and in exchange for our silence, Mrs. C.
will agree to become the Community Slut., of course I will be her rightful owner
so all arrangements for her use will be made through me." Linda looked down at
me, well Mrs. C. do you agree to those terms", what could I say, of course I had
to give in to her demands or risk being exposed , "y.. y... y... yesssssss, Yes
Linda, anything You say" Linda was beaming now, "Very good Mrs. C, I hear by
appoint you the Community Slut" loud outbursts of laughter and even applause
rang out through the yard, "Oh, one more thing Mrs. C. from now on, in our
special circle of friends you will be known as Mrs. Cunt. Linda then placed her
foot against my cheek and forced my head to the opposite side, my eyes focused
on yet another young, throbbing sword of flesh ready to submerge itself into my
mouth. As I swallowed that massive shaft all the way inside my aching mouth, my
eyes looked up, the proud owner of that incredible prick was Linda's oldest
step-son. Without hesitation my lips closed around the wide erection and I began
to move my head back and forth, it must have looked as if it were attached to a
spring the way it bobbed up and down, sucking off the young man impaling my
mouth.

	At that point in time I began to drift in and out of consciousness and
do not even remember if that young man emptied himself in my mouth or how many
other men or women for that matter used me during the remainder of the day.
Judging from the soreness I feel now I was used by quite a few off them, in all
my openings and with a number of different objects. I have no idea  when or how
I ended up back in my own yard, still naked and unbelievably sore. I did have a
pretty good idea that Linda would make good on her promise and make me perform
as the Community Slut.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cindy Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





