BDSM Library - The Servant of Two Masters?




The Servant of Two Masters?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He meets a woman who is controlled by her master. She is beaten for having sex with him, but despite his misgivings she persists.
THE SERVANT OF TWO MASTERS?

	By Fidelis Blue

	

	

	'Would you like me to suck your cock?'

	I turned in surprise, to see that a woman had just sat down beside me on
the sofa.

	'I beg your pardon?'

	Of course I'd heard what she said, despite the loud party music. It was
just that I couldn't believe my ears. It would have been a surprising offer from
anyone, but the woman I was looking at was beautiful; jet-black hair, green
eyes, a wide mouth with full lips that seemed perfectly designed for what she
had proposed. She was wearing a green silk dress that matched the colour of her
eyes.

	'I said,' she repeated carefully, 'would you like me to suck your cock?'

	'Uh, yes, yes I would,' I stammered. In confusion I lowered my eyes from
her lovely face. Her dress was tight against her thighs. I could see the outline
of the little metal clasp that supported one of her stockings.

	She looked around the room. 'Where shall we go? Do you have a car?'

	'Yes,' I said hurriedly, in case she changed her mind. 'It's parked up
the lane.'

	She stood up and walked to the door. I followed. I saw how gracefully
she moved. We walked together down the garden path to the gate at the bottom.

	'I'm sorry if I hesitated,' I said. 'I just wasn't expecting it.'

	She walked on in silence.

	'What made you choose me?' There were a dozen questions I wanted to ask.

	'I was ordered to,' she said.

	'Ordered to? Who by?'

	'By my master.'

	'Your master?' I was only too aware of how dumb I must have sounded
echoing everything she said. 'Do you do everything he says?'

	'Everything of a sexual nature,' she answered, as though it was an
everyday matter.

	'What if you don't?'

	'Then he'll chastise me,' she said.

	'Chastise?' I was still repeating her words.

	'A whipping, probably,' she replied. 'Is this your car?'

	I pressed the button on my keys and the doors opened.

	'Perhaps we should go in the back,' I said. I held the door open for
her.

	I sat back on the seat. I was feeling a little bolder now. 'Are you sure
you wouldn't rather fuck?'

	'No,' she said. 'It has to be fellatio.'

	For the first time she looked me in the eye. Her stare was so frank I
had to look away. I glanced down at her dress. There was the promise underneath
of a body to match the face.

	'Are you going to take anything off?' I asked hopefully.

	'Why?'

	There was no answer I could give. I leaned back and let things take
their course. She was good, very good indeed. Her movements were precise,
confident, imaginative. She was highly - well, professional is not the right
word. It implies a certain cool efficiency, whereas she performed with
enthusiasm and feeling, as though she took pleasure in the act, took pleasure in
giving me pleasure. I don't come very easily in a woman's mouth. I don't know if
other men feel this way. Maybe it's that the sensation is just too intense,
maybe it's something else, but if I'm going to come that way I need a lot of
hand-work too. Not this time. The problem was just the opposite, how to postpone
the heavenly deliciousness of what was happening, to stretch it out and prolong
the rapture of her tongue around my cock. All too soon I felt the tightening in
my balls, the irresistible pressure welling up, the almost unbearable ecstasy at
the tip as my juice spurted out of me.

	She waited till I had completely subsided before she took her mouth
away. She raised a tissue to her lips and spat. I knew a woman once who had a
whole politics of swallowing, when you did, when you didn't, what it all meant.
It's never bothered me. Women can spit or swallow exactly as they please.

	I did myself up and we got out of the car.

	'That's was wonderful, exquisite,' I said.

	'Thank you,' she said, starting towards the garden gate.

	I caught up with her. 'So do you have to report now, mission completed?'

	'Not now,' she said. 'He's here with his wife.'

	'He's married? Your master is married?'

	'Why not?' she inquired.

	'But what does his wife think about it?'

	'I haven't the faintest idea,' she said.

	Back in the party I tried to keep an eye on her movements, but I fell in
with a crowd of rowdy friends and lost track of her. I wondered which of the men
was her master. When I went in search of her, she'd gone. Too late, I realised I
didn't even know her name. The next morning I called the host.

	'You must have noticed her,' I said. 'A beautiful raven-haired girl in a
green dress.'

	'Yeah,' he said, 'I noticed. But I've no idea who she is. She must have
come with some others, but don't ask me who.'

	I tried one or two other people I knew, but no one could help me. The
green-eyed girl had disappeared.

	I kept thinking about her, though less so as time went by. Though it was
a big city, I thought if we moved in the same circles there was a chance I'd run
into her again. But as the weeks went by I grew less hopeful. Then one Saturday
afternoon I was in the city art gallery, viewing a special exhibition of English
watercolours from the nineteenth century. As I stood looking at a picture I
glanced down the room. Standing in front of another painting was a woman. Though
she was wearing jeans and a sweater instead of the green silk dress, I knew her
at once.

	I went and stood close behind her.

	'Lovely,' I said.

	She turned and looked at me.

	'Oh, it's you,' she said, as if we'd been talking only a moment ago.

	'I've been hoping I might run into you.'

	'And now you have.'

	'I don't suppose you'd care for a cup of coffee?'

	She glanced at her watch. 'OK.'

	I sat opposite her in the cafe and looked into her green eyes.

	'I'm Alan,' I said.

	'Claudia.'

	'So, did you finally report on your mission with me?'

	'Oh, yes.' She wasn't giving me any help.

	'Any more missions since then?'

	'One or two.'

	'You can't blame me for being curious.'

	'I don't blame you for anything,' she said.

	'So do you only have, you know, relations when you're told to?'

	'Oh, no, I use my own initiative quite a lot.'

	'But you are told to do things quite a lot too?'

	'Sometimes,' she answered. 'And sometimes I'm told not to do things.'

	'What things?'

	'Things I might want to do.'

	'Such as?'

	'Men I might want to fuck,' she said casually.

	'So let me get this straight,' I said. 'There's a man who's married to
someone else who tells you to do sexual things and you do them, and if you don't
it's trouble, but you also do them on your own account with other men but
sometimes when you want to do them he tells you not to.'

	'Pretty much like that, except it's not only men.'

	'Women too?'

	'Sometimes.'

	'I've never met anyone like you,' I said.

	'Perhaps you lead a sheltered life,' she said. 'I'm sure there are lots
like me. In fact, I know there are.'

	'Can I take you to dinner?'

	'No,' she said. 'At least not tonight.'

	'Tomorrow?'

	'Not then either.'

	'Can I call you? Will you give me your number?'

	'No,' she said.

	I couldn't hide my disappointment.

	'You can give me yours, though.'

	I gave her a card. She looked at it.

	'Oh, I see, a banker.'

	'What do you see?'

	'I expect you're respectable,' she said. She made it sound like
something perverted.

	'Trying not to be,' I replied.

	She got up from the table.

	'Bye,' she said and was gone.

	I thought maybe she'd call the next day, Sunday, but she didn't. When I
went to work on Monday I put the answering machine on; though she had my work
number too I thought she probably wouldn't call there. She didn't; nor at home,
that evening, or the next or the next. By the end of the week I was beginning to
think I'd let her slip through my fingers again. By the end of the third week
I'd given up hope. I was sitting in my office wrestling with some spread-sheets
when the phone went.

	'Take me to dinner tonight,' said a voice. Her voice. I had a date on,
nothing serious, just some drinks with a few friends.

	'Yes,' I said without hesitation. The friends could wait.

	She named a restaurant in the centre of town. I got there early. It was
a Vietnamese place. I had a beer, one of the local variety. I didn't want to do
any serious drinking. Time passed. I kept looking at my watch. Had I got the
right place? Half an hour late she arrived.

	'Sorry,' she said. 'Last minute hitch.'

	'No problem,' I said. She looked at the menu, which by now I knew by
heart.

	'I always have the same thing here,' she said.

	We ordered.

	'Now,' she said, 'let's get one thing out of the way. I'm going to let
you fuck me after dinner. I'm telling you now so you don't have to spend the
evening trying to seduce me and we can relax. So much more sensible, don't you
think?'

	I assured her that it was quite the most sensible thing I'd ever heard.
We talked of this and that. She told me she was an art teacher at a local
college.

	'Sometimes I model too,' she said, 'if they're short of someone.'

	'Nude?'

	'Of course,' she smiled.

	Of course, I thought. She was without doubt the strangest girl I'd ever
met. After dinner we got a cab back to my place. She looked around my living
room, weighing it up.

	'Would you like a drink or some coffee?' I asked.

	'Neither,' she said. 'Just fuck me.'

	She started taking her dress off, walking back into the hall.

	'Is this the bedroom?' she called.

	I followed her and opened the door. She walked, stepped out of her dress
and let it drop on a chair. I stood behind her watching as she unhooked her bra,
then slipped her knickers down. She wore nothing else but a pair of red shoes.
She had a lovely ass, perfectly round and firm, with two dimples just above the
slope of the buttocks.

	She sat on the bed, looking at me. 'I can't stay the night. I'll need a
taxi afterwards.'

	I stripped off. Ordinarily I would have kept my shorts on till I got
into bed. But with Claudia that seemed prissy. When I was naked I stood in front
of her and she reached out and took my cock in her hand. It was big already. She
peeled back the foreskin and looked at it thoughtfully.

	'It's quite a nice one,' she said. 'I remember that.'

	She bent and took it in her mouth. It was just as good as before. But
this time I wanted more. I wanted to be inside her.

	After a while she lifted her head and got on to the middle of the bed.
She stretched out a hand to me. I lay alongside her and stroked her breasts and
her belly. Her pubic hair was thick and curly, but neatly trimmed at the edges.
I slid my hand between her legs and found that she was shaved clean there. After
I touched her for a while, she straddled me and mounted my cock, guiding it
carefully into her sex. She leaned forward, supporting herself on her hands as
she began to moved her hips up and down. I could feel how she was pressing
herself against me, getting friction on her clitoris from my cock. I squeezed
her breasts and toyed with her nipples. They were hard and brown as hazel nuts.
I tried pinching them, gently at first and then a bit harder.

	'More,' she said. 'Harder.'

	I squeezed them between my fingers and thumbs.

	'Harder still,' she gasped.

	I was trying to hold back, waiting for her to come, but it wasn't easy.
Suddenly she called out. Her hips shook convulsively, which set me off too. I
know simultaneous orgasm isn't necessary to sexual bliss, but it's nice when it
happens. When she'd spent herself she collapsed on to my chest.

	'Good,' she said. 'Really good.'

	She rolled off me. 'I need that cab now,' she said, pulling on her
knickers.

	As she was leaving I asked her again for her number. She shook her head.
'I'll call you.'

	She did, though not for a week. This time we went to a Thai restaurant.

	'So did you make a report?'

	'Yes,' she said. 'I always have to tell him if I fuck another man.'

	'Is it just a general summary, like he took me home and we went to bed?'

	'I'm afraid not. He wants all the details. I'll have to tell him what we
do tonight as well.'

	I wasn't sure if I cared for this at all. But since she was telling me
that we would be doing it again, I thought I could live with it.

	When I got her home, we went straight to bed. She asked me to fuck her
from the rear. She knelt on the edge of the bed, her face buried in the sheets,
her ass in the air. I stood behind her. I stroked the smooth swell of her
buttocks and thought how lovely they were, then I put my cock at the entrance to
her cunt and slowly pushed it in. I let it rest for a moment, then pulled it
almost all the way out and thrust it back in hard. She grunted.

	'That's good,' she said. 'Hard as you can.'

	I rammed my cock in again, thrusting in and out, faster and faster.

	'Put your finger in my ass,' she gasped.

	I licked my finger to lubricate it, then slid it right up inside her
ass. She groaned. I continued jamming my cock into her. I knew I couldn't keep
it going too long, I was too excited, and all too soon I ejaculated. After a
while my cock slid out of her. She turned on her back.

	'Pinch my nipples while I make myself come,' she said, putting her hand
between her legs.

	Another week went past. Then she called again. This time it was
Japanese. Soon we'd have worked our way through the entire repertoire of Asian
cuisine.

	'There's a problem about tonight,' she said when we'd ordered.

	I looked at her enquiringly.

	'My master has told me I'm not to fuck you again.'

	'Not to? Why?'

	'Mine not to reason why. Though I think he feels I might get keen on
you, and he wouldn't care for that.'

	'And you're going to do what he says?'

	'If I don't there are consequences.'

	I stared at her. 'I don't get you at all,' I said. 'You don't come on
like someone who always does what they're told. Quite the opposite.'

	She put her hand on mine. 'Just because I like to be sexually dominated,
doesn't mean I'm a doormat in the rest of my life. And though being a submissive
meets my deepest needs, it's not the only way I can get sexual pleasure.' She
smiled. 'Here endeth the first lesson.'

	'I just can't reconcile myself to the idea that some other guy is
stopping you and I doing what we want.'

	'I didn't say I wouldn't do it,' she answered. 'Only that there would be
consequences.'

	'You mean he'd whip you or something?'

	'I think you should let me worry about that.'

	'Why don't you just not tell him?'

	'What would be the point of that? If you play games you have to stick to
the rules. I'd only be deceiving myself.'

	I shook my head slowly. 'I don't really get it.'

	'But you like to fuck me, don't you? Just be happy with that.'

	It was good advice. That night it got a little rougher. I didn't hit her
or anything, but she wanted me to hold her down, and she wanted me to hurt her
nipples. I'd never really done the bdsm thing before. I once put a girl over my
knee, but it was just a pretend spanking, we were both giggling too much. And
there was another girl who'd asked me to tie her wrists to the bed, but that was
it. Claudia was giving me little glimpses of what it could be like. And I was
starting to get interested.

	She called me again three days later. It was Chinese, Szechwan.

	I had to know. 'Did you tell him?'

	She nodded.

	'And?'

	'I'll tell you later,' she said.

	After the meal we went back to my place as usual.

	'Sit down,' she said.

	She stood in front of me as I sat on the sofa. She turned round and
lifted her skirt with one hand, pulling down her knickers with the other. Across
the centre of her perfect white bottom were a series of parallel red stripes,
turning purple at the edges.

	'My god,' I said. 'What a bastard.'

	She turned back, letting her skirt drop. 'No,' she said. 'I asked for
it. I provoked him.'

	'I don't think we can do it again,' I said. 'I couldn't bear to have him
beat you again.'

	She took off her clothes and stood naked in front of me.

	'I want you,' she said. 'You're not to worry about what happens after.
It's my business.'

	As we fucked I kept getting glimpses of the marks on her behind. I still
felt outraged. But I felt something else too. I imagined her kneeling, maybe her
wrists tied, the whip, or was it a cane, coming down again and again across her
lovely buttocks. My cock felt huge, rigid with a new desire.

	Another week went by. She'd found an Indonesian restaurant. I didn't
know there were any.

	'I've got something to say,' she said. 'Please listen and don't speak
till I've finished.'

	My heart sank. I knew this was something I didn't want to hear.

	'I reported back after our last session. He was angry. I thought I was
going to get the thrashing of my life. Instead he told me that if I didn't obey
him he'd give me away to another master. So I can't see you again. I'm sorry.'

	She fell silent, looking down at the tablecloth.

	'Give you away? How can he do that?'

	'It's not unusual. If a master thinks his submissive has lost respect,
he can trade her to another master. Maybe he might find one who would exchange.'

	'I can't believe what I'm hearing,' I said. 'You're a free agent. Why
don't you just walk away?'

	'You don't understand, do you?'

	I was silent for a moment.

	'Go to the ladies room. Take your knickers off. Come back and give them
to me.'

	She stared at me with a wild look, then stood up and walked to the back
of the restaurant. When she came back she put a flimsy little piece of red silk
in my hand and sat down.

	'I hope you know what you're doing,' she said.

     'Don't worry about me,' I said. 'Just do what you're told.'




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fidelis Blue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





