BDSM Library - Forcetron




Forcetron
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sociopathic husband sadistically punishes trophy wife and mistress.
FORCETRON



Susan, shaking, picked up the phone on the first ring. "I'm leaving the airport
and will be home in 45 minutes.  GS-SL5, layout IOP."  Hang-up. It was John, her
husband of 19 years. Publicly, a powerful private litigator and privately, a
sexual sadist.  He had been gone a whole 8 days this month, he regularly spent
about a week out of town each month.  The main relevance for Susan is that
allowed her mind and, more importantly, her beautiful body to heal from his
daily whippings and beatings. She was terrified of him and strictly obeyed his
each and every perverted command.  Several years ago, a young hotshot D.A. was
found with his head caved-in when it was rumored the D.A. was going to bring
domestic-abuse charges against him.

Susan, 38, not quite the stunning piece of ass she was in her 20's but almost. 
A stunning 5'7'' brunette with smooth, pure white, china-doll colored skin.
Susan was a dead ringer of the actress Madeline Stowe. (Skin that marked and
bruised so easily.) Magnificent milky white blue-veined 36C breasts with medium
size crinkly pink-white areoles and oversized pink thick rubbery teat-nipples. 
Just beginning to sag a little, the tiny blue spider web veins translucent thru
her tit-flesh., ironically making them  more erotic. Long smooth china white
colored legs, shapely but not at all muscular.  And her ass cheeks, also just
the slightest little sag, flawlessly alabaster ultra-white spheres that might be
described as just a tiny bit oversized, to merely lightly touch them was almost
to cause bruising..  To the more than casual observer, to an extremely
discerning one, if they examined Susan's skin very close they might notice in
certain private anatomical areas almost indiscernible scarring, extensive
scarring; around her areoles, on the back of her upper thighs, around the
perineum and anal ring, on and around other areas of her body that over the
years had been the object of Jon's depraved attention.  So after 19 years of
extreme daily physical punishment at the sadistic hands of her husband John
there was some evidence of his handy-work. 

Susan, still shaking, tells her self to get ready for John. She could tell he
was in one of those quite rage-suppressed moods. Not good at all. "GS-SL5,
layout IOP"= Groove Spanking-Severity Level 5, layout Instruments of Punishment.
Tears welling up in her eyes, she rushed to get ready for husband John, her Pain
Master.

John opens the door to their sumptuous marital bedroom.  Susan is on the King
size bad, naked, on her knees, head down, her hands spreading, splaying open her
slightly oversized but beautiful and tender ass flesh spheres. John staring at
whiter than white inner butt meat,  Susan's delicate pink-white anal-sphincter
meat, the long vertical white ass crack, Susan's shaven pink-white thick puffy
cunt lips hanging, the clitoral hood not entirely closed.  Not a word is
exchanged.  After the thousands of whippings and beatings, she knows the drill.  
John disrobes, muscular weight trained body over-ripped, his rigid and overly
thick 11' cock  with its obscenely large mushroomed shaped head, and long cock
slit starting to drip pre-cum fluid.  He sits on the small stool on the floor
next to the end of the bed and stares into Susan's obscenely splayed inner ass
cheeks, taking it all in. There is no talking, just electric tension and the
smell of musky sex wafting from Susan's cuntal passage. John brings his face an
inch from her anal meat hole, his large muscular tongue begins to
enthusiastically work around and into her anal meat. His tongue strength, and 19
years of almost daily violent  sodomy, works its way past Susan's tight
sphincter muscle.  His tongue is like a small cock and he is now vigilantly
tongue fucking her anal passage.  Susan is shaking and quivering, just the
lightest sheen of perspiration breaking out on her translucently white skin.  He
is now thrusting his long tongue a full three inches in and out of her anus. 
Her sphincter now beginning to loosen up with the saliva lubricant.  John's face
now smashed into her ass crack as he aggressively tongue fucks his wife's tight
ass hole, spitting his saliva onto and into the anal flesh-meat.  (John does not
have to be concerned with encountering any fecal material, Susan diligently
giving herself a thorough enema , and a douche  prior to a GS Session.  She
forgot one time many years ago; she will never forget again.  John punished her
for  by practically shredding the china white back of her thighs with the
dreaded heavy razor strop.)  John's hands grasp and squeeze her outer butt flesh
kneading and bruising her alabaster white butt meat.  John stands up and
carefully places his over-engorged huge  mushroom shaped cock head pressing
against the conditioned sphincter.  Said cockhead roughly the diamater of a beer
bottle. He presses with relentless pressure forward and stretched the slightly
distended sphincter inward.  Pop, he is in, and begins to violently sodomize
Susan's anal-rectal fuck channel. His large cruel hands now go forward and
attach themselves to Susan's ultra sensitive teat-nipples.  His thumb-forefinger
action is like a vice as he compresses the distended nipples to almost total
flatness.  Susan is screaming but down low he hears that low guttural animal rut
sound coming from her.  That sound that says you are my Pain master, give me
more Pain.  John has buried his full 11' inches to the hilt and is relentless
thrust fucking-sodomising Susan's asshole He withdraws, without cumming, in
total control, and sits back down. He is smiling for the first time in a week. 
It is now time for John to paint, and then repaint again and again and then
again, Susan's china doll white inner butt meat fire engine red.  Susan senses
this coming. This part of John's sadistic punishment is perverted -sick painful,
as bad as BPS-SL5.

John picks up the small but thick 4-inch wide leather stripe that has been
soaking in the brine-Clorox solution.  Totally soaked it is disproportionately
heavy for its size. He begins to viciously apply the strap randomly to Susan's
whiter than white inner butt meat. Susan begins to sing an endless scream but
keeps her ass globes lewdly splayed to give her sadistic husband total access to
every square inch of her very sensitive alabaster white inner ass crack butt
meat. Well, the skin was white- white. It has turned quickly to a welted dark
red. John has now been attacking the area for 15 minutes and there is no white
skin left to hit that hasn't been welted and over-welted.  John will now
concentrate solely on punishing Susan's very naughty anal-sphincter ring meat.
And he does with singular sadistic viciousness; the heavy wet leather strap
landing directly on and into the anal ring meat over and over and over and over
again; ten, now 25, now fifty times.  Susan's anal ring meat now swollen
discolored and welted beyond recognition. The heavy wet strap has been applied
with such force that it even has penetrated an inch into her anal chamber and
has begun to slowly strip the ultra sensitive skin of the sphincter muscle. 
John knows his wife cannot take any more punishment.  It will take 10 days for
the targeted area to heal.  "Susan, take a shower and go to bed.  Tomorrow, when
I get home from work, I am going to severely whip your outer ass cheeks, SL-5.
I'm going over to Heather's."  Susan is almost out of her mind with pain,
sobbing uncontrollably.  3 more weeks of daily beating- punishment before John
leaves on another business trip. Thank God for his mistress Heather. She will
now suffer at his hands tonight instead of her.

Heather met John 3 years ago when she retained him to represent her younger
brother in a drug possession case.  She paid John a $25,000 dollar retainer
because of his stellar reputation as a litigator.  John purposely let the case
fall thru the cracks despite flagrant police-prosecutor misconduct. Heather's
brother received a 10-year sentence to the state's worst prison.  After the
trial, John called Heather in for a private conference, told her exactly what he
had done and informed her that she would unconditionally submit to his
perverted-sadistic sexual demands or John would make sure her brother was
murdered in prison.  With outraged indignation she said no and walked out.  The
next day Heather received a call from the prison warden informing her that her
brother had been brutally raped but would recover. Heather called John and told
him, yes, she would assent to his perversions.  John then went into long minute
detail of what he would be doing to her, when she got off the phone with John
she was perceptibly shaking and crying.

Heather, 26, was an adjunct professor in Chemistry at the local university. 
Half Jamaican with tawny light cocoa-colored skin, she was a lean bodied
free-weights body builder despite her child-like height of 4' 8".  The only
thing not tiny about her was her magnificently mammoth 36D breasts that stood
out high and proud on her dimunutive frame. Fleshy yet resiliently firm, the
cocoa-colored mammaries were topped with dark saucer sized areoles that were
accented throughout with tiny dotted crinkly sweat glands.  The dark sensitive
nipples thick as tootsie- rolls and a distended 1 1/2 inch long. Heather's body
was ripped-strong with beautiful shapely legs and small but very meaty-fleshy
buttocks.  In other words, a body-unit that would serve Johns sadistically
deviant needs perfectly.  A body that could and would sustain daily
uninterrupted and severe whippings and beating on her most private and sensitive
areas.  A body that would allow Susan's beautiful but aging body some deserved
interludes from John's malicious hands. After 3 years of unbelievable physical
abuse from John, Heather was not surprised at anything his perverted mind could
dream up.

Ring.  "Heather?  John here, I will be over in 15 minutes. Have 'Mrs.
Cross-Fire' and 'Mr. Tenderizer' prepared."  Click.  Heather sat the phone
receiver down shaking. Knock-Knock.  Tiny little Heather opened the door to her
penthouse apartment wrapped in a terry cloth robe, her exquisite cocoa-colored
body naked beneath.  "Hi, John. Come in. How was your trip?"  John thinks to
himself, a long enough trip for your body to completely heal from my last
Punishment Session with you.  A body that had been crisscrossed with welts,
bruises and discoloration from neck to ankles the last time I saw you Heather. 
He giggles to himself.  He points to Heather's bedroom. She knows and shivers.
They are in the bedroom, while heather is on her knees, naked, by the side of
the bed, her mammoth mammary tit-flesh heaving on her chest from her heavy
breathing. John stripping his clothes off, his 11' long, and wide as his wrist,
fuck-tool cock meat quivering at attention, pre-cum at his slit atop the huge
purple-colored mushroom shaped cockhead.  He goes over to the bed and sits in
front of quivering Heather.  Heather is well trained. Her tiny left hand grasps
the base of his cock, her tiny forefinger digit of her right hand begins to
massage and work its way into John's anus.  John takes two fingers of each of
his hands and stretches open Heather's tiny mouth, with the full and sensuous
lips.  It is only by this procedure that Heather can get Jon's huge
purple-engorged cockhead into her mouth.  John has to stretch her lips hard and
out wide and finally the cockhead is in her tiny fuck-mouth. The lips are now  
vacuum-sealed tight around the cockmeat. Just the cockhead alone fills her
entire tiny oral cavity. She is preparing herself for what John describes as
"ORPS", Oral-Rape Punishment Session. Her small white teeth began to nip and
bite John's cockhead. She knows she has to do it fairly hard but not too hard. 
If she does it to hard John will apply 'Mrs. Cross-Fire' on Heather's ultra
sensitive dark saucer-sized areoles until they are to the point of almost
bleeding. ('Mrs. Cross-Fire' is a short and narrow-sharp Malaysian bamboo cane
that John uses with much effect and often on Heather's titty-flesh areoles and
nipples, inner thighs, Inner butt meat and anal ring, and to the upper back
thigh meat where her lower buttock puppy-flesh joins.) . As Heather continues to
nibble-bite with some intensity on and around the cockhead ridge, her small but
strong pink tongue begins to fuck-lick the long and deep peecum slit of Johns
engorged cockhead. She goes across and then forcefully down the cock slit with
her pretty little pink tongue.  She tastes and absorbs his sweet precum and
John's cock begins to very slowly discharge   heavy-thick salty-acrid musky
jism.  Her lips are so tight around his wrist-wide cockshaft; they feel they are
about to tear. Manipulating and pushing her digit ever farther up his rectum,
biting hard now on his cockhead ridge and aggressively tongue-fucking the peecum
cock slit, there is a slow but uninterrupted stream of his hot cum filling the
tiny fuck-cavity of her moth.  John is prolific in his jism emissions, emitting
approximately two cups per Session.  Heather must somehow swallow every single
drop of his massive cum volume.  If she does not, if even one drop somehow leaks
around the vacuum sealed lips, John will viciously apply 'Mr. Tenderizer' to her
buttock-flesh and the back of her thighs down to the knees. ("Mr. Tenderizer' is
an old wide heavy hickory paddle with heavy grained sandpaper glued on one side.
A particularly cruel implement.). The jism emissions increase in volume and
velocity out of his cockhead slit.  Heather is frantically now trying to keep up
with the ever-increasing volume of his hot cum. John is going to trick poor
little Heather.  He reaches down with his large hands and gently begins to
massage each of her tender distended nipple-teats between thumb and forefinger.
Gently, gently massaging and then he applies vice-grip pressure on the nipples.
Heather involuntarily bites down on John's cockhead too hard and some cum
squeezes out around the left side of her tiny little fuck-mouth, the hot
yellowish-thick cum oozing out in sticky globs and dropping on the new expensive
carpet John had just bought for Heather.  John withdraws his rigid-hard cock
from her tiny mouth.  (Everything about Heather's body was almost child-like
tiny except for her huge mammary tit-flesh.)  John took his baseball-bat size
cock and begins beating Heather's face with it.  He started climax-cumming  
shooting the voluminous jism all over her bruised face.  She was now coated
thick with his smelly and musky cum, dripping off her face on to her titties.

"Heather, Doggy Position, spread those thighs out wide."

"Please John, I can't take these whippings anymore."

"I'll say it once more, Heather: Doggy Position; unless you want a BPS-Ultra."

"Ok John, ok, please, I beg you, don't whip my breasts like that."

BPS-Ultra = Breast Punishment Session.  The Ultra connoted   a continuous 2 hour
whipping beating on her mammaries so severe that there would be bleeding and
scarring. Heather arranged her tiny, tawny, muscular little frame as instructed. 
The huge mammaries obscenely hanging and swaying.  Her small meaty butt sticking
out ready for Mr. Tenderizer.  Her body was tiny-small but due to its muscular
tautness could and would endure a good steady uninterrupted half an hour of
extremely hard hickory- paddle beating session. He would start on the back thigh
meat right above the knees and work his way up to the top of her butt meat and
then start methodically down and then back up in an endless rotation. A half an
hour should do the job, as he would be swinging into her using both hands on the
paddle handle with unbridled force.  John has braced the handle of Mr.
Tenderizer and will apply the strokes with the rough sandpapered side.  Right at
the point of impact he will give a little wrist twist to really grind the
roughness into Heathers hard-muscled toned cocoa-colored skin.  John's lust for
inflicting sadistic pain on Heather was part obsessiveness of her huge mammary
tit-flesh, part compulsive perversion of whip-beating a tiny girl-like body and
maybe, most importantly, the fact that Heather's body, maybe not her mind,
because of it's athletic conditioning could survive unimanagebly sadistic
beatings.  And she had, at least so far.

John turns up the stereo loud playing Frank Sumatra's greatest hits.  So that
the neighbors will not hear John's greatest hits.

John swings Mr. Tenderizer back and flies it forward with maximum velocity and
force horizontally right into the lower back-side of her right thigh meat right
above her knees.  It lands with a sickening CRACKTHUD. The first stroke brought
out red raw welted coloration texture.  Alternates to the left leg, CRACKTHUD. 
Back to the right with a stroke above the last, he is building a ladder of pain
and damage until he reaches those beautiful small but resilient butt fleshy ass
spheres.  The ladder of dark red welted pained thigh flesh is now up to the
juncture of upper thigh meat where it meets Heather's puppy flesh of her lower
ass globes.  John will really give this area some very extra attention.  He
focuses right on the puppy flesh-upper thigh flesh juncture. Swings down with
all his muscular might, no loud crack thud here, but a sickening CRACKSPLAT. 
John knows he has found the absolute epicenter, Heather's sweet spot, the crack
in her armor if you will. Five strokes, ten, and twenty-five strokes, then
fifty, he keeps going. He is turning Heather's butt-thigh juncture into a purple
welted mass, the grinding sand paper creating microscopic but palpable
subcutaneous blood welting.  In other words, Heather's   tiny flesh ass globes
are slowly but surely turning into red raw bloody "hamburger". He now works over
her entire buttock flesh, overlaying, overlaying and overlaying time and time
again the rough sandpapered paddle strokes to every square inch of her exquisite
tiny buttocks.  Heather's dog-whistle screams are at a decibel level beyond the
capacity of human hearing. The interminable staccato of CRACKSPLAT

CRACKSPLAT CRACKSPLAT CRACKSPLAT CRACKSPLAT, endlessly like a broken record but
sweet music to John's ears. By this time John's mental state has taken on that
glazed lust look, he really was on the precipice of totally losing control.  His
11'

Fuck-cock has expanded in length (and girth) to approximately 13' long.  He has
never before tried to anally sodomize Heather give her extra-tiny asshole. There
is usually a first time for everything, this was one of those times. John
mounted the rear of sobbing Heather and with each of his cruel unusually large
hands on her bloody raw butt-meat globes splayed them open.  There it was, the
dark pulsating almost miniature anal-sphincter ring meat. He aimed the
swollen-purple cockhead directly at the target and with brute force spread the
tiny orifice open, somehow defying the Law of Mass.  He pressed down and forward
mashing Heather's tortured ass-meat-bloody globes with his cruel hands.  He
thought he felt an almost imperceptible rip and then he fully entered Heather's
asshole and anal-rectal fuck groove channel. Viciously twisting and mashing her
blood welted buttocks, he began to carve out a fuck-canal up her asshole tract,
thrusting the obscenely large 13' of fuck-cock, all the way in and then all the
way out, with jack-hammer precision and cadence.  Heather had mentally and
physically capitulated to this latest assault, totally degraded. Like an
oversized piston, John's cock meat was digging and creating a new fuck reaming
channel up the tiny precious tortured asshole.  He was now climax-emitting his
voluminous two cups of thick acrid jism deep into her traumatized bowels.  Part
of Heather's capitulation was her intuitive sense that this particular
Punishment Session was almost over, for the time being.  John was grinning to
himself as he was already getting hard again as Heather's large dark puffy
sweat-gland crinkled sensitive areoles still had a meeting today with Mrs.
Cross-Fire, the viciously-cruel miniature Malaysian bamboo cane...............




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  johnny payne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





