BDSM Library - Love in an Elevator




Love in an Elevator
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Christmas party shows a married woman what she'd been missing.
Love in an Elevator

She knew that she was getting worse, what had started out, as a quick bit of
innocent fun, was fast becoming an obsession, a dangerous obsession at that.

Just a couple of months ago, it had all started, innocently enough, the office
Christmas party, the little black number that was only taken out once a year,
the drink, the inevitable advances that too much drink brought on.

This year, she found herself being attracted to one of the new juniors; there
was something about his quirky grin that always hinted that he knew more than he
was letting on. They had ended up chatting, giving each other the once over, and
she was way too flattered by his obvious intentions, after all she was a senior
partner at the firm.

The chat had soon turned to snogging, her hands grabbing his firm ass, giving it
a drunken squeeze, his hands were pulling her close, one on the back of her
head, holding her there, the other stroked her back, clutching her ass. They
quietly slipped away, looking for an open office; she could see the lust
reflected in his eyes.

There were no open offices, not that weren't already being used anyway, so they
headed back to his place, at least that was the plan. When the elevator arrived,
his grin widened, and he leant in close to her and whispered in her ear. She
knew that what she was going to do was a sin, but the thought of returning home,
unfulfilled to her staid husband was too much for her. The drink had lowered her
inhibitions, and she couldn't wait for the doors to close, hiding them from
prying eyes.

Well hiding was a misnomer, since it was new building, it followed all the new
trends, so the elevator was mounted on the outside of the building, three of the
elevator walls were glass, the other side was mirrored, casting reflections of
the other buildings nearby.

As soon as the doors closed, she hitched up her dress, revealing her long legs,
emphasised by her heels. He was busy fumbling with his flies, eagerly freeing
his rampant member. She leant back against the wall, her legs opened invitingly.
He needed no further invitation, and with a quick, almost practiced movement, he
stood up tight against her, pressing his cock into her waiting pussy. It slipped
in so easily, she was that eager.

As he thrusted his hips hard against her, she wrapped her legs around his waist,
crossing her ankles behind his back. Her hips rested on the handrail. She could
see herself in the mirror, watching herself, watching his ass as it tightened as
he thrust. Her arms were around his shoulders pulling him tighter against
herself. She could still see herself, from the corner of her eye, as she kissed
and nibbled at his neck, matching his every movement.

He was thrusting, pounding, his cock was doing delicious things to her, and she
loved the look of his backside as he screwed her. His hips were pressing right
on her clit, exciting her further, and she felt herself starting to cum, he
could sense it too, and he started to thrust harder, if at all possible, lifting
her, sliding her up and down the glass wall.

In the mirror she caught sight of another similar elevator on the next building
over, this one filled with partygoers. They were all staring intently, watching
her getting fucked, talking, pointing at the pair of them. This sent an electric
jolt through her, hastening her orgasm. She cried out in abandon as he filled
her with his hot, scalding cum, her orgasm matching his in its intensity.

After that night, she found that every time she got into the lift, her thoughts
lingered on the events of that night, how being watched had turned her on so
much, something that had stirred long lost feelings. Her husband had used to
make love to her in the summer hay, but as the years had passed, he'd become
more and more staid. So much so that their lovemaking was little more than
perfunctory.

The desire for being seen, or more exactly, the possibility of being seen grew
within her, unfolding like a dormant beast. She had tried to awaken the same
desires in her husband, but he was quite content with their life as it was.

She had started by just fiddling with her blouse, adjusting it in the elevator
mirror, letting her hands brush against her breasts, enjoying the feel of her
flesh, causing her to catch her breath. As good as a few furtive squeezes were,
they weren't enough for her. She needed something more.

Soon she had progressed to slipping her hand inside the blouse, her eager
fingers toying with her nipples, rubbing squeezing, getting them hard and perky.
The suit jacket covered the obvious signs as they poked through the blouse.
Though she could only so this when the lift was empty, she knew that others, in
the adjacent buildings could be watching.

She then started to time her arrival for the busiest part of the morning, so
that she'd be pressed in tightly with al her co-workers. She tried to ensure
that she faced the walls, allowing herself to be pressed against the cool glass.
She could feel the wall sucking the heat from her, making her nipples stand
proud. The knowledge that so many unaware people surrounded her turned her on
more and more.

Once out of the lift, she headed for the rest room, her throbbing pussy crying
out for attention. Just a few quick rubs would get her off, giving her a glow
that would last the rest of the morning.

That palled in time, there was only so much fun to be had that way, and she
found that she craved more and more stimulation, more than a few furtive
squeezes could provide.

She started cruising the Internet, late at night, looking for inspiration, for
ideas, for knowledge. When she came across nipple clamps, she knew that she'd
found what she'd been looking for. There were so many types, all of which looked
interesting to her inexperienced eyes.

She could hardly wait 'til they arrived, her elevator trips were filled with
thoughts of the feel of the clamps, the hidden knowledge they'd bring.

The first time, she almost chickened out, almost didn't go through with it, but
as she stepped into the lift, the knowledge that they were in her handbag,
waiting, was too much. With apologies, she got off, and rushed to the restroom.
She opened her blouse, and removed her bra, stuffing it into her bag.

She took the tweezer clamps out, eyeing them, wondering what they'd feel like
on. She'd waited, wanting to christen them in the elevator. No time like the
present she thought, slipping a nipple between the padded ends. She hissed as
she tightened them up, pinching her nipple, making it stand proud of her breast.
Quickly, before she changed her mind again, she did the other one. The feel of
the cool connecting chain as it lay against her midriff only slightly distracted
her from the delicious pain. Buttoning up the blouse, the feel of the material
as it rubbed against her sensitive nipples made her go weak in the knees.

Upon entering the lift, she was rewarded when one of the others brushed past
her, catching them slightly. She bit her lip, stifling the pain that flashed
though her breasts. She couldn't wait for the lift to get to her floor. She
could feel the increasing wetness between her thighs; the need to bring herself
off was so getting to be too intense.

She literally ran to the ladies, the chain bouncing between her nipples, so
eager was she to cum.

As good as this new thrill was she found that this wasn't enough, it was for a
couple of weeks though, but it too palled, again the need for more grew within
her. She switched to the gate style clamps, larger, heavier, and more obvious.
She loved the way they pulled at her nipples, the way that they trapped the
nipple, crushed it, and made them so sensitive. Just the feel of the blouse got
her going, as it rubbed her tortured nipples. This combined with her the secret
knowledge, got her so incredibly turned on..

She loved the tiny clank sounds they made when she was pressed against the
glass, that little sound threatened each time to expose her darkest secrets. She
would often catch sight of the other users looking around, wondering where it
had came from.

Her next almost inevitable step was the purchase of a vibrator, one described as
a ladies secret pleasure, small and discreet enough to slip into her bag. She
had started to use it to bring her off, the soft humming as she pressed it
against her hard, throbbing clit gave her many great orgasms after she got of
the lift.

She noticed that when she buried it deep in her, the sound was almost inaudible,
so her next progression was obvious. She started to wear it to work, held in
place by the gusset of her knickers. The feel of it as she walked, filling her,
reminding her of its presence gave her such a thrill, which was intensified when
she got in the lift.

She clearly remembers the first time she came in public, she had ended up being
pressed against the back of one of the other users. She could feel his presence,
so close to her, separated by just the thin material of their clothes. Her
clamps were pressed into his back, making him shrug, as if trying to scratch an
itch. His movements toyed with her nipples, sending shivers through her. The
quiet hum of the vibrator was lost amongst the chatter. The sheer pressure of
all these unknowing people around her caused her to start to tighten on the
buzzing toy. The harder she gripped it with her pussy, the more the vibrations
ran through her.

Desperately stifling her cry, she surprised herself by making it, there and
then!

From that moment on, she was lost; lost to the craving, the need. The knowledge
that she was getting off in secret whilst going about her daily business was too
much a turn on for her to resist, not that she wanted to.

Her latest gift to herself had finally arrived, one that she was both dreading
and desiring so badly. Her Internet trawling had revealed to her what would
probably be her downfall, but she just couldn't resist the idea of it.

The day seemed to drag by; she was waiting 'til the offices would be almost
empty. She kept glancing at her bag, knowing full well what it contained.

Eventually the office had emptied, and she was left alone, working late.
Nervously, she made her way to the lift; her body was already so alive, every
nerve tingling with anticipation. Her nipples had already been clamped, the
continual rubbing of the blouse had turned her on so much, she was so ready for
the elevator, and its promise of thrills to come.

Once inside, she paused the lift, giving herself the time to get ready. Upon
opening her bag, she looked longingly at her new toy. It was a large, lifelike
dildo, complete with balls. What made this one so special, and ideally suited to
her needs was the fact that at the base was a large suction cup. Nervously she
wetted her lips, before letting her tongue lick the base.

She pressed it against he glass wall, facing into the lift, opposite the
mirrored doors. It jutted out obscenely, this big dildo. She bent over, and
lifting her skirt, she pressed herself back onto it. It gripped against her
pussy her at first, but the slick plastic got lubricated quickly enough to slip
easily into her more than willing cunt. She found herself, almost absently,
making a mental note to lubricate the dildo next time.

She pressed back slightly harder, and was rewarded when she felt it opening her
up, sliding into her, filling her, taking her.

With a trembling hand, she reached up and started the lift off, letting it make
its way towards to ground floor. She rocked herself to and fro on the big
intruder, her hands gripping, squeezing her tender breasts.

She was watching herself in the mirror, her face partially hidden by her hair,
her face flushed with desire. She could feel the cold glass on her cheeks as she
pressed back fully onto the toy, its balls pressing against her labia.

This was what she was missing, she thought, all her earlier attempts were just
leading her towards this moment. She could imagine how she looked to anyone
watching from the other buildings, her ass pressed against the glass, her body
bent over, her hands pawing, clawing at her breasts. She was so desperate; she
could see the desire, the lust, reflected back at her from the mirrors. Not even
trying to stifle her arousal, she found herself crying out, talking to herself,
telling herself how much she loved the feel of cock in her.

With a final scream, she found herself cumming, cumming hard, she could feel her
juices sliding down her thighs, her pussy tightly gripping the plastic toy.

She was surprised that she came as fast as she did, the elevator wasn't barely
past half way, giving herself plenty of time to pack away.

As she left the lift, a lift scented by her scent, she knew that she'd be back
to use it again, and that she'd be taking longer and longer. Would this be
finally enough to satisfy her, or would she be waiting 'til the doors opened,
revealing her desires to all?

All Thoughts/comments/criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmail.com Any feedback would be
greatly appreciated, thank you.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





