BDSM Library - Chiara in Hell




Chiara in Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chiara, a young slavegirl, is serving a 12-year sentence in a very private and exclusive torture camp, where survival is a matter of chance, rather than the rule. The story follows Chiara's plight, as wealthy men and women make use of her body in every way they can think of. For the hapless slavegirl, Dante's unforgettable mot becomes cruel reality.
Chiara in Hell



Preface

The figure in the torture frame was in agony. She had been tied in such a cruel
manner that even the slightest movement hurt. As was intended by those, whose
task it was to administer the punishment decreed by the tribunal on the previous
day.

Prisoner 19-8-99 had been tried and sentenced to 12 years of servitude for her
offence. The numbering system revealed to all that she was 19 at the time of her
offence, that it took 8 days to apprehend her and get her to confess, and that
she was a class 99 prisoner, the lowest category of slaves, to be used and
abused by anyone. Most slaves in her class would not last the entire period of
their sentence, so they had to be given booster injections to keep them alive.
These injections gradually increased their stamina, while sensitising the body
to react more intensely to pain. It was the worst of all imaginable worlds: one,
where the mercy of oblivion was denied and the level of pain maximised at the
same time. Add to that the seemingly limitless fantasy of the professional
torturers and the visitors to this unique facility, and it all translates into
just one word: Hell.

  She had bitten off the cock of a man, whom she  had been ordered to service,
and had thus inflicted mental and physical anguish on him. But what else could
she do? She had been fixed to one of the sucking chairs for a lengthy period of
time, cruelly tied so that her legs were helplessly spread and her head
immobilized on the seat of it. In this position her entire front was obscenely
exposed and available. Men and women had filed past, since the chair was part of
the exhibition, put up for the weekend. All the exhibits could - of course be
tested, most of them booked for a more thorough examination after the show.
Given her spectacular body, slave 19-8-99 had been understandably very popular.
The weekend passed reasonably quickly, but it was only after the exhibition had
closed that she realised what was to come: a seemingly endless succession of men
and women, who had booked her, so as to enjoy her to the fullest in the privacy
of their own quarters. It was then that despair set in and what made her finally
crack was the huge cock of a master that ha made her retch every time he shoved
it into her throat. She had intended to only slow him down, but when that did
not occur, she had lost her nerve. In the ensuing uproar she had somehow gotten
free of her bonds and quickly decided to bolt.




Chapter 1

Chiara was shivering all over. She had hid naked in the forest for almost a week
now, after she had fled  her prison cell. Constantly on the lookout for search
parties, desperate to find a means to escape from the island. She was hungry and
thirsty, had hardly slept the past few days. Add to that the mental strain of
knowing that there was really no escape, that she would be recaptured sooner or
later, made her cry several times a day. Right now, another search party was
roaming the island. Given her condition, it was not difficult to find traces to
follow. This time they  did  not even bring the dogs along, it was no longer
necessary as they seemed to know exactly where she was hiding. Clearly, they
enjoyed chasing her through the deep tropical forest.

In the end, actually, she just gave up. They found her cowering in the
under-wood, shivering from cold and from fear, tears running down her cheeks. As
one of the men unhooked the vicious tawse, she stated to beg:

"Mercy,  Sir, please."

He did not have any mercy and soon the forest reverberated with her demented
shrieks.

"Aaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! Pleeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaase stop, I'll do
anything, please!!!!"

"Mercyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!! Oh God, have mercy on  meeeeeeee!!!!"

But the flogging went on and on, until she became quite senseless. Welts covered
her entire body, her back was bleeding profusely. The man who had so  cruelly
beaten her, slowly opened his fly and jerked off on the naked woman. Then
another took over,  with more beatings and rape. When they finally stopped she
did not even feel anything, except the excruciating pain all over her body and
the mental anguish that was even worse. And when they carried her back to the
main building, tied to a stake in a harsh hog-tie, she was received by the head
overseer.

"Well,  did you have fun, you filthy snivelling pig?", he barked at her. "That
would be good, since there will be  no fun  for you as long as I control you.
And tomorrow,  I'll  get a special court order to already have your teeth
pulled, so you can no longer bite off any cocks. I  trust we should be finished
within three days, but if it takes longer, well, who cares." He was laughing, as
he said this, but Chiara was missing the joke. She just felt terrified at the
prospect of being toothless. He must have sensed her thoughts, as he addressed
her again:

"You won't need your teeth anyway, we have our special diets here to keep you
fit for our pleasure."

She spent the night in a special hugging suit, a full-body latex dress. It fit
her perfectly, tightly engulfing her huge breasts and deeply cutting into her
crotch. With her arms and feet being folded together, she was unable to move.
She noticed the tubes that entered the dress under her breasts and into her
dildo, but it wasn't until later that she understood their function. As soon as
she was encased in her dress, the heating lamps were turned on, so that within a
few minutes she was almost suffocating under the scorching lights. They let her
stew in her juices for a bit, before the last bit was pulled down over her face, 
leaving only her mouth uncovered. It was then, amidst her attempts to cope with
the heat that she suddenly felt her  tits and pussy itch. The irritating itch
soon grew into unbearable longing to scratch herself, obviously not possible in
the position she was tied in. They kept up the steady flow of itching powder
throughout the night, as well as they left the lamps on. After hours of
screaming dementedly, but really without a voice, she sank into oblivion, her
body still twitching. This time, nobody bothered to bring her back to her
senses.

In the morning, after she had been injected with a double dose of stamina
fluids, they strapped her into the dentist's chair. Fixing her head with rubber
bands, they pried open her mouth and inserted the dental gag. It was the type
that could be adjusted manually, with very strong springs. She found it
impossible to even make it budge in her mouth. Satisfied that she would be
unable to interfere with their work, they proceeded with the operation. Of 
course, no anaestethics would be used. So as to prevent her from swallowing her
tongue, they sewed it to her gum, thus neatly keeping it out of their way. This
would not be a permanent arrangement, but obviously had a very demoralizing
effect on the hapless woman.

Having pulled all wisdom-teeth  in quick succession, and thereby breaking down
all her defences, they let her howl in agony for a short while. In addition to
the pleasure her shrieks gave them, they could also in this way observe her
reactions. Satisfied that the stamina fluids would keep her conscious throughout
the operation, they proceeded to pull out the other teeth at a more leisurely
pace. Sometimes, a tooth broke in half. In such instances, they took great
pleasure in poking her exposed nerve endings until she was hollering in pain.
Since she bled profusely, it was inevitable that she gagged on the liquid, as it
went down the wrong tube. When this happened, they simply struck her in the
face, until she was clear again, so they could continue her torture. When they
were finished, they left her alone, struggling with the pain and her bonds. She
was an awesome sight: mouth gaping wide open, completely void of teeth,
trembling and twitching uncontrollably, eyes almost popping out of their
sockets, every muscle taut in a vain attempt to fight the excruciating pain.

When finally her shrieks subsided, one of the overseers came back. He
manipulated some levers on the side of the dentist's chair. She could not, of
course, see anything, but soon felt both of her large breasts engulfed in tight
leather. The material began to hug her breasts, teasing them to full bloom. The
gentle massage  got to her. despite the agony she had endured such a short while
ago, and her juices started to flow. At this time, some more levers were pushed
and she felt two huge metallic dildos being pressed into her nether orifices.
The initially cold metal increased her excitement, the gentle humming in both
her ass and pussy quickly produced the desired calming effects. As her lust
mounted, so did the level of humming. After awhile, the automatic iteration set
in, where one of the dildos brought her just short of cumming then being
switched off as the other dildo kicked in with a thrust that brought her back
from the edge. The endless teasing drove her to renewed desperate cries of
anguish, as she started to obscenely beg for release. The overseers just sat
there in the background, watching her thrashing and twisting in pure pleasure,
as the mechanical devils drove her on and on. Of course they could have calmed
her with some chemical stuff, but this was a lot more fun to watch. It also
helped to reinforce the message that she was their helpless plaything, with no
control whatsoever, that they intended to use her for their amusement and that
their imagination and resources were without limits. After a couple of hours,
when pleasure had turned into pain and desperation again, the overseers left,
leaving her in yet another hell. An endless cycle of building up and denying,
mercilessly repeating itself. The right mood for the tribunal, which was to take
place the next day.




Chapter 2

The tribunal was a farce, since she had already confessed to everything, since
they had long before decided on her fate. They went through the motions
nonetheless, putting her into even greater fear. They even withdrew for
consultations before pronouncing the sentence.

"You are reduced to class 99, which means that anyone can use you as they wish,
for as long as they wish. As you already know, whatever is done to you, nothing
is irreversible, we have the means to restore your physical health from whatever
torture you are subjected to. As class 99, you will no doubt be very popular,
given that you are so young and well endowed. In fact, your availability has
already been advertised here and we sent out special notices to our regular
members. You are overbooked already, your sentence starts NOW!"

"Tie her into the frame and deposit her in cell 18. He'll pick her up whenever
he finds it convenient"

Chiara had seen the frame in action before, but it turned out even more cruel
than she had imagined. She was first hogtied, bringing the soles of her feet up
to her elbows and affixing them to her breasts. Thus she only had a choice of
pulling on her tits or causing incredible pain in her back. As cramps set in,
after about 25 minutes in the cruel tie, they had moved to the next step. They
hung her by the breasts from the top bar of the  frame, drawing her close enough
to the top to force her to swallow the huge inflatable dildo. They pumped it up
until she could only breathe through her nose, muffling her cries of anguish as
well as maximizing the effect of nausea. In a final step they also  drew out 
her inner labia by pulling them harshly down to the bottom of the frame. As she
was already frantic by the time they had finished tying her up, one could hardly
imagine how she would last any substantial period. It was already obvious that
if it had not been for the stamina injections she would be close to fainting.
Her pretty face was disfigured by the huge dildo-gag and red, as the stress
raised her blood pressure. Tears were streaming down her face, tears  of
despair, tears of horrific pain. She knew herself lost, a plaything of her
masters and mistresses, only there to entertain anybody who wished to use her.
Eventually, she would no longer be attractive for the  visitors of the island,
presumably long before she had served her sentence. She had no idea what would
happen then, but instinctively knew that it boded ill for her. But, for the time
being, she  had no time or room for such thoughts. She was fully engulfed in her
present terror.

She did not know how long she had hung in the terrible contraption, as time
seemed to have stopped in the ever-mounting agony.  Cramps shook her, as well as
the entire frame. Her arms and feet had gone completely numb after a certain
while, because of the way the ropes cut into her elbows and calves, but the
reduced flow of blood in her limbs had not helped to lessen the irritation of
her nerve endings. Every small shifting of her position caused agony in another
part of her body. When she tried to relieve the strain on her drawn out breasts,
the tension on her upper thighs became almost unbearable. When she concentrated
to lessen the tension in her knees, she felt as if her tits would be pulled off
her chest. They were throbbing from the blood caught in them and her nipples
were literally on fire. Her belly was drawn flat, making it difficult for her to
breathe, but trying to relieve this pulled her feet closer towards her ass, thus
increasing the pull in her knees. Her constant shifting and twitching also
resulted in pulling harshly on her labia, until they were also taut and thin.
She was howling into the gag until her vocal cords became too sore for her to
emit any cries. Thereafter there was only the sound of her retching caused by
the inflated dildo in her throat. This special deep-throating kept her on the
verge of vomiting, and she had to concentrate on fighting this urge, so as not
to drown in her own vomit.

The hours in the frame had set the mood for her sentence. But if she thought, or
had  hoped that this early crescendo of pain could not be topped, she soon found
out that she was wrong. When, after hours of agony an overseers came in with her
first "visitor", he quickly restored her vocal cords with a special ointment
rubbed into her neck. Her shrieks resumed, much to the delight of the two men,
as well as to her own despair. The only - short-lived - relief came, when the
customer asked for her dildo gag to be removed.

"It would be a pity not to hear her voice when I flog the living daylights out
of this whore", he remarked dryly.

Walking over to the panel of instruments, he carefully chose a wonderfully
sculpted ebony-whale rod. Running his fingers over the rod, almost caressing it,
he walked over to his victim. Putting the instrument between her teeth, he
proceeded to feel the body of the hapless woman. He cupped her tits, testing
their flexibility, drawing out the nipples by holding them between thumb and
forefinger, squeezing the meaty orbs with both hands. Tightening his grip, he
laughed at her pitiful howls of agony. His eyes had fixed hers, and never let
her close them. Whenever she tried, he simply yanked at a nipple or a tit, until
she opened her eyes again. He enjoyed tormenting the woman in this way, it gave
him the feeling of superiority and control. His face was glowing with sadistic
glee. He knew that there was nothing he could not do with this woman, that he
could make her suffer in any which way he fancied and for as long as he wanted.
It had cost him a small fortune to be the first, but he knew it would be worth
it.

"Time to put this rod to use on you", he said to the terrified Chiara.

"How about letting you stretch your feet a little? Wouldn't you just love that?"

Without waiting for an answer, he unsnapped the ankle ties. The woman went
berserk: after hours in the terrible hogtie, releasing her feet sent the blood
flowing through her limbs again, causing her indescribable pain. Her legs were
twitching, unable to support her, quite useless to relieve the pull on her tits.
As her shrieks subsided, he grabbed first one then the other leg and drew them
apart. Fixing her knees at the sidebars of the frame, h succeeded in stretching
the hapless woman to the extreme again. Picking up the rod that she had dropped
out of her mouth, he positioned himself in front of her.

"Let's see how long you last", he addressed his victim. "I intend to flog you
with this beautiful instrument, until you are quite senseless. What do you say,
bitch!"

She looked at him in terror, knowing she must thank him for the unbelievable
words he had just thrown at her, yet unable to do so. Racking her brain for away
out of this situation, she found herself not capable of any clear thoughts.
Tears were again pouring down her cheeks, she was sobbing helplessly at this
cruelty.

"Oh well", he addressed her again, "you'll learn to speak, before I am through
with you. But because you are so reluctant to answer me properly, I'll give you
your first pain-inducing injection. You'll find it impossible to lose
consciousness and at the same time your pain-level will increase triple-fold."

"Mercy, Sire", shrieked Chiara, suddenly finding her voice. "Why are you so
cruel to me? Please, I'll do anything, I'll be so good to you. but please, not
the rod, I can't take the rod."

The evil grin on his face said it all: he couldn't care less.

"Listen, you little piece of shit, I don't care if you  think you cannot take
it. You will, because the chemistry will make sure that you will. But first,,
we'll obviously have to teach you your place. Because a slave is not here to
protest. A slave is here to give pleasure to anyone wishing to use her. A slave
is not here to question the Master or Mistress in their decision on how they
wish to use her. And since you do not seem to comprehend this basic truth,
you'll learn the hard way. After that, you'll be administered the strokes I
planned for you."

With that he left cell 18, leaving behind the petrified slave-girl, to organise
the punishment for talking back.




Chapter 3

Within a quarter of an hour, two overseers came to prepare her for her
punishment. The two young males looked at her in disgust, and Chiara realized
that she must be a mess. Releasing her from the agony frame, they carried her
out of the cell, one floor below, The eerie silence in the corridors made her
shiver, but she froze as one of the doors opened briefly and she caught a
glimpse of a woman with a bullwhip and the bleeding thighs of a slave who she
was practicing on. She must have been at it for a long time, as the hanging
slave could no longer muster the strength of standing. The ugly welts on her
breasts and lower belly, where the whip had found its mark were twitching in
pain. Her thighs tied apart. exposing the shaved pussy to the kisses of the the
instrument.

They carried her on. Down below, where the special section was. The door they
eventually opened had a strange sign on it: a kneeling woman, her head thrown
back, mouth gaping wide open. Inside, a number of slaves were kneeling along the
wall, affixed to it. Some were weeping quietly, while others made strange
gulping sounds .It slowly dawned on Chiara what she was in for: the dreaded
toilet service. She fought like mad, as the overseers forced her to her knees,
but given her prolonged tortures, she was no match for them. Not a word was
spoken, as they swiftly tied her in place: onto the huge dildo protruding
obscenely from wall a the level of her pussy. Metal bands held her by the waist.
Her breasts were placed in so called spiders: pointed arms driven into the base
of her tits. This made her effectively immobile, as the only position where she
was not in pain was flat against the wall. They even left her arms untied, to
emphasize that she was totally helpless anyway.  When thy put on the hood and
inserted the tube into her mouth, her ties were complete. One of the overseers
bent down to her ears to whisper to her:

"When you receive the liquidized shit and piss, make sure you do not lose a
drop. Just gulp, sweety or you are in big trouble. Any drops you lose earn you a
whipping like the one you saw upstairs. Enjoy your stay in the toilets."

She lost it completely then. She wanted out, she was terrorized. Never before
had she been subjected to such a punishment. She could not imagine how she could
possibly drink shit. But she knew she had to, because she could much less
imagine being at the receiving end of the bullwhip. She heard noises from what
must have been to toilet cabin upstairs. She heard the toilet being flushed,
seconds before the repulsive fluids hit her gums. Instinctively she started to
gulp it down, so as not to drown in it as well as in fear of the flogging the
overseer had mentioned. Nausea hit her but  she willed herself to just keep on
swallowing. Strangely she was even grateful that it was just piss. She could not
have handled shit at this point. However it was not long before she heard the
familiar sounds of someone fating and pressing upstairs. She fought like mad,
desperately grasping the tube, trying to free herself. Pushing back from the
wall, thus tightening the grip of the spider on her breasts. To no avail. The
nauseating brew reached her mouth. She just could not make herself to drink it.
Her mouth filled and the shit still kept flowing. Eyes bulging out of their
sockets behind the mask, Chiara desperately racked her brain to find a way out.
Of course there was none. And so she lost it, the shit slowly filling up her
mask, across her face, down her chin. The smell hit her nose and almost made her
throw up. Retching wildly, she started to swallow. But it would not go down, she
kept throwing up. So they stopped the flow. Released her from the tube. The
overseers were there - again?

"Oh well", one of them said to her. "you cannot say we did not warn you. But you
would not listen. So, Bestia will have to work you over. Boy, she'll be mad with
you."

"And after the flogging, we'll bring you to your Master, who will flog you some
more. I bet, those two will skin you alive."

Bestia, needless to say, was the young woman who had practiced target on the
woman with a bullwhip. And at her hands, Chiara had endured the worst flogging
yet. By the end of it, there was no skin left on her back or belly. And when
Bestia was finished with her, after what seemed days, the Master who had bought
himself the privilege of being first, reappeared. In his hand, the agony rod,
which he used on her thighs, until those were bare of skin as well.

It took a week to restore her, but thanks to the special methods developed here,
eventually not a mark could be seen on her. But inside her head, the agony of
her ordeal remained, with plenty of more to come.




Chapter 4

During her first year, Chiara was conditioned to withstand the harshest
beatings. They called it stamina enhancement sessions, as day after day, men and
women passed to dish out floggings that could not have been survived anywhere
else. Eventually, she had reached a level where she could be kept conscious for
days under the instruments and even surpassed the stamina of her tormentors. The
mental anguish of being unable to drift off into unconsciousness or insanity,
coupled with the seemingly endless succession of sadistic Masters and Mistresses
conditioned her to being a plaything that could be have fun with in the eyes of
her tormentors.

One day, she was picked up from the healing rooms and escorted out of the
building. She had learned a long time ago that fighting the overseers did her no
good at all. They had literally beaten it into her to docilly follow them to the
next slaughter. They led her onto a clearing in the woods, where she was awaited
by a latex-clad woman. She recalled that this woman had only recently flogged
her breasts until they were hanging down in stripes. When even this did not
suffice to "finish" her, the cruel sadist left, swearing that she would one day
torture her until she begged to receive another flogging. Apparently, this day
had come.

"Put her into that bent-over pillory for me, if you will", she motioned to the
overseers. When they were done and had left, Chiara was standing in the middle
of the clearing, arms and feet secured in the pillory, her ass protruding
obscenely into the air. Latexova, one of the nouveau-riche Russian sadists,
stood behind her, having donned an enormous dildo and proceeded to dildo-fuck
her up the ass. She rammed it home every time, to the hilt, all 12 inches of
huge cock, grunting with each thrust and soon the woods reverberated with
Chiaras shrieks. But that was only the beginning. Having opened up her asshole
with the relentless dildo-fucking, the heartless sadist now went on to insert a
speculum into Chiara's pussy and asshole. She smeared a sticky substance into
both holes and withdrew the speculums. Next, she swiftly produced two pairs of
safety-pins. One each went through poor Chiara's nipples, the other pair through
the meaty parts of her cuntlips. Short cordlets, drawing the two pair together,
ensured that Chiara was almost motionless. To make it even worse, Latexa also
anchored the cunt to the back of the pillory. Even the smallest movement would
tear mercilessly at the poor slave's tits and cunt.

Chiara stood. She soon began to feel the heat in her pussy and asshole,
apparently the substance rubbed into her had been some sort of irritating glue.
Latexova sat on her human throne in the shades, a young slavegirl, 16 years old
at most, whom she had tied in such a way that she could squat on her face.
Slurping sounds indicated that the slave had been instructed to lick her cunt.
Chiara did not dare to move, afraid to tear off her nipples of her cuntlips.
Twitching in her bonds, she was still sobbing from the pain inflicted by the
cruel ass-fuck. As the punishing heat in her loins built up, her sobs turned
into wails of torture. Despite herself, she began to move in her bonds,
increasing her discomfort. Tearing at her bonds, she desperately tried to escape
the pillory. To the cruel sadist, she was a marvellous sight: bent over,
stretched taut, her head thrown back and shrieking into the emptiness of the
woods. She stood up and walked in front of her victim. Hands on her hip, legs
slightly apart, an evil smile on her face, she watched. Saw the tear-streaked
face of the tortured girl turn the deepest shade of purple, eyes bulging out of
their sockets, nostrils wide open as in a galloping horse, mouth wide open and
the tongue flailing inside. The huge tits cruelly drawn towards the stretched
cuntlips, obscenely drawn out, the woman forced into a crouching position that
quickly induced cramps in her thighs.

Latexa stepped up to her plaything, grabbed her long mane and came very close.
When she had her attention, she almost spat out the words, her face cruelly
twisted in sadistic glee:

"Save your voice, bitch. Wait till the bees discover your honey. They will want
to get it out of your orifices. That should give you plenty more to holler
about."

Chiara just stared incredulously at her tormentress, who laughed her in the
face, slapped her and returned to her place in the shades. It only took a few
minutes, but then she heard the buzzing sound of a stinging bee. She felt it
settle on her left ass-cheek and thought that she felt it moving towards her
pussy. She was trembling and sweating profusely, even before the insect first
mad contact. But then, she felt a sharp sting and incredulous pain set in. Her
demented shrieks for mercy did not subside for the next few hours, as swarms of
bees kept returning, massing her loins and biting as if in anger at not being
able to get at her treasures. In the midday sun, her ass and pussy got severely
burnt and if that had not been enough, Latexa also gave her another severe
flogging in the quiet hours of the early afternoon, when the bees had withdrawn
for a while. Chiara had long collapsed in the pillory, no longer caring about
the pain in her tautly extended nipples or pussy lips. Unable to faint because
of the booster injections, she was just a shrieking, hollering heap of agonised
woman. A slave reduced to the very basics of her existence, that of giving
pleasure to anyone wishing to inflict suffering on her.

It turned out that Latexa had paid the fee of one million pounds sterling for
having Chiara exclusively for a month all to herself. It was a month of endless
suffering for Chiara. The imagination of the Russian sadist knew no bounds.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SMartie57


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





