BDSM Library - A Long Friday Night




A Long Friday Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A date with a young Japanese girl, with something extra.
A Long Friday Night

Labor Day weekend was coming up. It is the weekend that I let myself go. On this
weekend I do something that I save for most of the year. I just do it for
myself. This year I was going to try to get a date with a young lady called
"Lee". Let me tell you something's about me first.

    I'm 56 years old. Not an old man, but old. I have been Bi for years. But
since this HIV thing I have not gone out that much, with women or men. I'm not a
stud. I do not have a foot long cock. Just about 6.5 inches. I stand about 6'
and about 195. I have gray hair and I look okay. Like I said I'm not the stud
most guy tell you that they are.

   With that out, I'll tell you about Lee. She is a. Or should that be he is a?
Whatever. She is a Japanese girl 24 years old. Stands 5'4" tall with what I have
been told a 36b top. She is about 130 and has long black hair. She is a woman
with something extra. A very long clit or some would call it a cock. Rick.....
the guy I know, that told me about her said it was more like a 7" Cock-clit. Lee
was a lady in public and a slut in the bedroom. She could be submissive or
dominate. Her price was $700. for the night plus dinner. The one thing I was
told by Rick is that you never knew what she was going to be, sub or dom. It was
all up to the mood. One or the other, or both. I made the date two weeks ahead.
I went to her place and paid upfront. We talked for just 5 minutes. She told me
what to do and when to pick her up.

    "Miss Lee. How are you tonight"?  I was at her door at 6pm just like she
told me to. I was in a suit and tie. I was told to be clean shaved, not just my
face but my pubic area as well. I was told that we would have dinner, a few
drinks and then back to her place. Lee also told me that in public I was to
treat her as a lady. Open doors and hold her chair for her.

     Lee stood in front of me at her door. She had on a dress that was showing
off her 36b breast and her legs. Her dress came down about mid thigh and slit on
one side. Lee gave me a kiss on the cheek and walked out her door. I open the
car door for her and when she got in her dress went up. Not bad. I could see she
had a garter belt and stockings on. That I liked. I got in and drove to the
restaurant. As we walked in most men looked. Some women looked  but mostly men.
And I knew that they knew she was not just a date. We sat, ate and talked. After
dinner we had a few drinks at the bar. She called me honey or dear most of the
night. Lee never put on like she was paid for. I called her Lee or dear most of
the time. I paid the bill...... about $150 and left.

    As soon as we got into her house it all changed. I was closing the door when
Lee turned and looked at me. Lee took one step towards me and kissed me. Her
hands went to my belt and soon I stood with my pants down. Lee's lips kissing my
cock thru my underwear. Lee would kiss and bite then look up at me. I could feel
my cock getting hard. All the way hard.

    "Do you like when a woman kneels in front of you and kisses your cock"? Her
hand now on my underpants and pulling down. My cock was stuck in the top of my
pants. Lee pull down harder. My cock bent down and then "POP" it hit my stomach.
Her hands went to it. Lee pulled it out and looking at me her mouth went to the
tip. I was looking into her eyes. Her tongue licked the tip and her mouth
opened. With a tilt of her head she went down on me. Her head bobbing back and
forth she started to suck me. Blow me. Give me head. No Lee was more like making
love to my cock with her mouth. With each push Lee took more and more of me into
her mouth. I could feel her fingers holding my balls. I could feel her tongue
working left and right as her mouth went back and forth. I reached down and was
holding her head in my hands. I felt the tip on my cock hitting the back of her
throat. But Lee kept on making love to me with her mouth. Lee would pull back
and her eyes would look up at me. Lee's eyes would roll back in her head and
then take me all the way down. This woman could suck a cock.. I have never had
head like this and I do not think I will ever have it like this again. Lee
pulled off me one last time. looking up at me with her dark eyes. That face.
With her tongue sticking out licking my tip. A small smile on her face.

    "Do you like? Do you think I'm a slut for doing this to you? I like to kneel
in front of you and suck you. Make love to that big cock. Feel it going in and
out of my mouth. You make me so hot when I suck you. I know it is wrong, but I
love your cock. I'm going to please you like no one has ever done before".  With
that Lee stood. She unbuttoned  her dress and it fell to the floor. As she did
this she bent her head. This girl could play the lover act to a "T". She knew
what to say. It was like I was the only man she has ever been with. I was her
lover and no one else mattered. Her dress fell and she stood in front of me with
nothing but her lingerie. Her head bent I looked at her. A black bra. Her breast
pushed up and in. A black garter with black stockings. She had on black lace
panties. With all this black on, her white skin stood out. I could also tell
that she shaved as well.

    "Do I please you? Do I make you happy? I try to make you happy, okay"? What
could I say my cock told it all. Lee's hands  took off my shirt and then my
shoes. I stood in front of Lee with only my pants at my feet. She bent and I
stepped out of them. Lee took my hand and we went to her room. She had me sit on
the bed and she knelt on the floor. I could feel her licking my thighs and
working up. I watched as her tongue went up my thigh. Lee pushed my legs open
and licked all the way to my balls. Her hand holding my cock started to stroke
it. Up and down. Sort and then hard. Back to soft and then fast. Slow fast hard
soft. All the time licking my balls. Sucking them into her mouth. I could feel
her tongue hit my asshole a few times. But not to much. Lee stood up and when I
looked at her panties I could see her cock. It was bent back but I could see it.
She knew I could and she smiled at me. Lee put her hand on my chest and pushed
me back. I was now on my back legs open with a doll sucking my balls and jacking
me off.

    Lee stood and got up on the bed with me. She was now sitting on my upper
thighs. My cock was sticking out from her. It looked great. Her panties and my
cock. Lee bent over and started to kiss me. She held my face and then kissed me
hard. She pushed her hips to my hips and did a dry fuck move. I would say this
bitch was turned on. Lee was dry fucking me and looking down at me. I reached up
and felt her tits. Lee still had her bra on. I went to move it. Her hands came
up and took hold of my hands. She pushed them up and over my head. Before I knew
what happen I felt it. Or I should say heard it. A click sound. Then a sound
like a motor. Lee had put hand cuffs on me and they pulled my arms to the top of
the bed. No one has ever done this to me this fast. I love bondage games but Lee
moved so fast I never saw it coming. Lee got up and had one leg in a ankle cuff
and pulled to the side. Then I felt her working on the other leg. I never saw
this coming. Now I was spread out in front of her. I went to say something. But
it never got out of my mouth.

     "You do not talk. You do not say anything. You do as you are told. Rick has
told me you like to be forced. Rick also told me that you are into bondage. Some 
S and M. Spankings. But most of all, and I like this part. You enjoy some pain.
Is that right"?  What could I say. Lee had me.

    "Yes my dear. I enjoy all of that and some more. What are you going to do"?
I never got the "do" part all the way out. Her hand came down and across my
face. Not once but I think four time. Left, right, left and then right. And not
soft like some women do. But hard. Not to hard but I felt my head move. I knew
she knew what she could and could not do.

    "You ass..... You only answer me. You do not ask me. I tell you what I'm
going to do. And then I do it. I tell you what to do and you do it. This is not
a game. Do you think it is a game"? The look on her face was different from when
she was on her knees. She knew that she had me. I knew she had me. And I was
thinking I would have to play her game.

    "No Mistress I do not think this is a game. I will do as I'm told". With
that she reached out and took hold of my cock. She held it and then I felt her
squeeze. Just the right amount. Not to hard that I would not like it but hard
enough so I knew she was in charge.  Lee looked at me and reached for something
on at table next to us.

     "Rick told me you like pain. I hope you do. I'm going to take you to the
next level. Or I might take you more if you do not scream that loud. Try not to
use the safe word. Cleveland if you can not take anymore pain. That is the stop
word. Parma if you take the pain but would like me to hold it at that level. No
matter what else you say or do I will not listen. Do you understand"?

   "Yes I understand. Cleveland to stop. Parma to go on". I was trying to see
what she had in her hand. But her left hand came across my face. Fuck did that
hurt. But I'm into pain and it did get me going. My cock got harder, if you can
believe it. Then Lee reached out with her left hand took hold of my face so I
could not movie it.

    "You answer me with a "Yes" or a "No" not all that shit with Cleveland and
Parma. You also use the word Mistress when you answer me. Rick told me that pain
turns you on. I hope so. I do not think you would like this much pain". With
that I saw a needle in her right hand. She had it up to my nipple. Lee started
to push it into my lift nipple. Try as I may I could not take the pain. I held
my breath hoping to take it but then I yelled.

    "Cleveland Mistress Cleveland". True to her word she stopped. Pulling it
away. I started to breath once more. Lee put the needle on the table her hand
went back to my nipple and then I felt  pain I knew right off what it was. She
had clipped a clothespin on my nipple. The pain went right thru me. I have had
it done more then once and I liked it. But it still hurts like hell. I held my
breath and then I started to breath once more.  I just looked at her. A smile on
her face.


      "I thought you would like that. This is something that you must take. The
pain is bad but not too bad. But when you add one to the other side. Now that
hurts. Right"? With that Lee had another clothespin to my other nipple. Once
more the pain hit me. Not that I could not take it. But when it is done that
fast. It does hurt. I sucked in air and held it and then let go. Lee could tell
I was enjoying this.

    "You like this, don't you? You think that if you let me do this I might let
you fuck me? Is that what you think? I know it hurts but I know what hurts
more". With that Lee pulled the clothespins off my nipples one at a time.

  " If you leave them on to long they stop hurting. But if you take them off
fast the pain comes right back".  Lee kissed each nipple. Licking them and
sucking on them It felt good. She was soft and gentle.  As if she was having
pity on my for the pain she had given me. But that all changed. I felt her bite
down and pull back. Lee bit down on my right nipple and pulled back I was being
pull up off the bed. Lee just bit harder and pulled up. Then my nipple pulled
out of her mouth. Lee bent down and kissed me on my mouth.

    "I'm sorry. I should not have done that. I'm a bad person. I should show you
more". With that she bent down and took my left nipple into her mouth and bit
down and pulled up. My God. The pain I felt. I thought she was going to bite it
off. The more she pulled up and harder she bit. Then she let me go.

    "Thank you Mistress". That is all I could say. I could feel the tears coming
out of my eyes. I had reached the point of stopping her. With a smile on her
face Lee got up. Standing on the bed. One leg on each side of me she pulled her
panties down. Her clit came in few. Shaved and hard. Lee knelt back down. She
reached for something on the table and then I saw her putting on a condom.

    "Open. You are now going to suck me. Make me hard and please me". With that
Lee pushed her clit into my mouth. It has been a few years since I have sucked a
clit like this. And I knew I was going to like it. I took more and more into my
mouth and Lee kept on pushing and pulling. In and out. It felt great. I lifted
my head up so I could take more and Lee gave it to me. She was now fucking my
mouth like I had done to her at the door. I could hear her talking.

    "You suck so good. I might keep you. That's it suck me good. Eat my clit.
Take it deep in your mouth. Not bad. Now.... Take it in all the way. I'm going
to.......".

    With that Lee started to fuck my mouth. Not like I was doing her at the door
But a down to earth face fucking. She was fucking my mouth hard. I felt her
balls hitting my chin. I had her all the way into my mouth. Her soft hands
holding my face. Lee was fucking my face. Hard and deep. Then I felt it. She
was.............

     I felt her pull back. Her long 7 inch clit came out of my mouth. I open my
eyes and looked up at her. A smile came to her face and she got up. With the
speed I have never seen Lee was up, off of me, had my legs free and hooked to
something else. Then Lee pulled a rope and my legs came up. Lee had my knees
bent and my ass off the bed. I knew what she was going to do. Lee looked down at
me, gave my ass a good slap and then put her cock right up to me.

    "I'm going to be nice to you this time. I'm going to use KY. But next time,
a good dry fuck is in order. Her cold finger went in. Not slow, but fast and all
the way in. Lee was finger fucking me and it felt great. She could tell by the
smile on my face. Then I felt another finger. Soon her two fingers started to
move faster and faster. Deeper and faster. She pulled back and started to spank
me.

    "A red ass is better to fuck then a white ass. A hot ass is better to fuck
then a cold ass. Don't you think"? Lee kept on spanking me. It was as if she
knew all the right things to do. Her hand came down on my ass and I felt the
pain. I felt the heat from her hand each time it hit me. I was breathing harder
and harder. I knew that if she did not stop I was going to cum. But Lee kept it
up. I was taking shorter and shorter breaths. And I could feel my balls pulling
up. I knew I had to tell her but how could I. I could not speak. I could not
utter a word. And if I did Lee might hit me harder. But if I came before she
said to. Lee stopped. With tears in my eyes. Running down my face I open my eyes
and looked at her. She was smiling at me. Lee was bending down and over. She was
licking her lips. Then I felt her lips kiss my cheek. First one then the other.
Her mouth felt cold on my hot ass. She licked my cheeks and was talking to me as
she did it.

   "I'm so sorry. I know it must have hurt. I just start and then I can not
stop. Can you forgive me. Please Bob I'm so sorry. I do not know what  came over
me. I know that I can get carried away. Do you think you can forgive me? I know
I'll do this. This might help". With that Lee sat up. Looking at me and holding
her cock Lee put it right up to my ass. Then she just pushed in.

     Oh..... Mother fuck did it hurt. The pain shot up my ass and out my head.
But in one push Lee had her 7 inch cock all the way in. I could not breath, I
could not move. I could not talk. My eyes open all the way. I just froze.

    "Did that hurt"? A wicked, evil and depraved smile came across her face. Lee
knew what I could and could not take. And Lee took me to the end and then some.
Lee pulled back and then pushed in. In and out. In and out. Soon Lee was fucking
my ass. Deeper then I have had it fucked in years. I felt her cool skin on my
hot ass cheeks. I felt her two finger wide cock slamming into my ass. Lee had a
hold of my hips and she was now going at it like this was her last fuck. In and
out Lee went. Then she would slow down then fast once more. Slow and soft and
then fast and hard. Then as she spoke she pushed in with each word.

    "Do....... You..... Like..... To..... Get...... Fucked..... By.......
A....... Girl...... Like..... Me....."? Lee kept fucking me and kept saying it
over and over. Her one hand took hold of my cock and was now jacking me off. I
was looking up at her and she was looking down at me. I could feel my balls fill
and I knew I was close. I knew from the look in her eyes she was ready. It
looked like she was going to cry. I was bent in a way that if I came she was
going to jack me off onto my face. All I could do was open my mouth. I thought
that this is what she wanted. Looking at her I open my mouth. Lee started to
fuck harder and faster. The faster she fucked me the faster she jacked me off.

    "NOW". That is all I heard. Then I felt her starting to cum. Lee had pushed
all the way in my ass.  I felt her start to shoot. The  condom kept it in but I
could still feel it. Then I felt myself starting to cum. The first shot hit my
right in the face. Then with better aim Lee got me in my mouth. Then next few
went right in. I opened my eyes and looked at her. Lee was still pumping me and
I was still dripping some into my mouth. My mouth was full of my cum. I was just
about to.........

    "Swallow and think of me my dear. Next time you can have me like this. But
you have to swallow". I did. And I'm going to come back real soon..............




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





