BDSM Library - The Phone Call




The Phone Call
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college coed gets caught up in a telephone domination that leads her to slavery.
The Phone Call



By: Michael Alexander

m_alexander911@hotmail.com



	The soft tapping sounds of Amanda's fingers filled the apartment with
sensed impatience as she stared at the phone.  It was just sitting there, the
small red light at the top blinking its noncommittal signal.  Her long blond
hair swayed slightly as she sighed.  Her drumming fingers halted for a moment
and moved toward the bowl full of marbles that sat next to the phone.

	She lifted a marble out and placed it on the table, watching as it
slowly rolled in a circle, quickly coming to rest on the level surface.  Her
clear blue eyes gazed at the swirls of green and orange that clouded the small
glass ball and wished the phone would ring soon.



	*RING*



	She jumped as the sound shattered the boredom and she quickly grabbed
the cordless handset sitting in front of her.

	"Hello?" she said after hitting the answer button.

	"Hi, Amanda." A familiar voice said, slightly electronic.

	Amanda gritted her teeth in frustration.  She had been expecting a call,
but this wasn't it.

	"Hi, Beth." She answered.

	"Where have you been lately?" asked Beth.  "You weren't at the club last
night or the night before.  I talked with Tiffany and she said you were a little
glassy eyed at class this morning.  What's going on?"

	Amanda pressed her lips together.  "Oh, nothing."   There was no way she
could explain her nightly activities to her best friend.  She could barely
explain them to herself!

	"Don't 'oh nothing' me, Mandy.  I know you to well.  You're not trying
some secret diet technique again are you?"

	Amanda had to chuckle.  "No, Beth.  No secret diet.  I've just been
busy.  I've got that report to finish for World Lit and you know how Professor
Conkle is.  Even one 'I' not dotted and you go down a letter grade."  Amanda
could almost feel Beth's eyebrows shooting up.

	"Hmmmm.  All right.  I guess I can accept that.  You working on it right
now?" Beth queried.

	Amanda nodded.  "Yes.  Sure am.  I'm right here at my computer putting
the outline together."  She hated lying.

	Beth sighed audibly.  "Well, okay.  I hope it works out for you.  Let me
know when you get finished and we can get together."

	Amanda smiled.  "Sure.  Well, I got to go, Beth.  Lots of work to do."

	"All right, girl.  Talk to you later."

	Amanda pressed the off button and put the phone back down next to the
marbles.  She stared for a moment at the handset, willing it to come to life,
but it's silence permeated the room.  She stood up and stepped into the kitchen,
opening the fringe and pouring herself a drink.  As she took her orange juice
back to the table she swept the small pack of clothespins off the counter,
depositing them next to the marbles.

	She opened the bag and poured the twenty or so wooden clamps out on the
table and began connecting them, one to the other, forming a long snake.  As her
juice dwindled, she constructed more elaborate architectural works,
concentrating hard on making the separate columns of clothespins stand.



	*RING*



	Again she jumped, sending her clothespins tumbling and she snatched the
white plastic phone up. 

	"Hello?" she said, hoping this was the call she was waiting for.

	"Hello, Amanda." A voice said, soft and calm.

	Amanda felt her legs go weak and she swallowed.  This was it.  It was
him.  "Hi. I'm glad you called."	She heard a small chuckle.

	"I am too, little one.  But you must address me properly." He said, his
voice soft but his intentions strong as steel.

	"Oh! I'm so sorry...Master.  Please forgive me?"  Again she heard the
soft laughter.

	"I don't think so my dear.  I think it would be more beneficial for you
to experience tonight's instructions with the knowledge that it is punishment
for your failure to address me properly."

	Amanda's heart quickened.  "Yes, Master.  I was wrong."

	"I'm glad you admit it, Amanda.  Now, please tell me what you are
wearing.  Everything, just like I taught you."

	Amanda looked down at her body.  "I'm wearing my sandals, Master.  The
high heeled ones just like you told me.  I'm also wearing a pair of shorts and a
tee shirt, Master."

	"No bra or panties?" the man inquired.

	Amanda was surprised. "No Master.  You told me I was never to wear them
again without your permission.  It's hard to pick outfits for school that don't
make it obvious." She said.

	"Amanda, I want it to be obvious that you are not wearing them.  A
woman's body is like fine art.  It is meant to be displayed.  I want you to only
wear clothing that is tight and revealing from now on.  But that can be
discussed later.  Right now, we must deal with your punishment."

	Amanda gulped again in nervousness.  "Yes, Master."

	"Is your balcony light on?" he asked.

	Amanda turned and looked across the living room through the white
vertical blinds that shielded the glass doors to the balcony.  She could see the
soft white glow from the apartment complex lights, but not the tell tale yellow
of her own spare bulb.

	"No sir." she answered.

	"Good.  Now I want you to turn off the overhead light in the living
room, and leave on only the small lamp you told me about last night." The man
instructed.

	"Yes sir.  Is this why you had me describe my apartment to you Master?"
Amanda asked curiously.

	"You are very astute, young lady.  You will find that I will be asking
you many questions during our conversations."

	Amanda had risen and turned off the overhead light, killing the soft
whirling of the fan as well.  With a click she illuminated the room with the
soft glow of the shade lamp, sitting on the end table.

	"It's done, Master."

	"Very good, Amanda.  Now I want you to open the blinds, completely.  Do
you understand?"

	Amanda's eyes opened wide.  "Yes Master.  I understand." She said.

	"Then do it."

	Amanda walked to the blinds and pulled the small nylon cord that
controlled them.  Slowly they moved to the sides of the door, leaving the moon
and sidewalk lamp washed court of the complex open to her view through the
glass. 

	"I did it, Master." She said into the phone.

	"Open the door and go out on the balcony for a moment."  He instructed
her.

	Amanda slid the door open and stepped out into the warm night air.

	"Do you see anyone?" he asked.

	Amanda looked around.  "I can see a couple people sitting in their
apartments, Master.  And there is a man smoking outside of the apartment across
from me.  I can barely see him in the shadows, but I can see his cigarette." She
told him.

	"Good.  Now return to the living room."

	Amanda stepped back into her apartment and moved to the center of the
living room.  Her heart quickened with her expectation and she smiled as she
spoke into the receiver.

	"I'm back sir."

	"Now I want you to strip, Amanda.  Take everything off but your
sandals." His cool voice said.

	Amanda had been waiting for this.  She glanced out through the glass
window leading out onto the balcony.  Without a moments hesitation she made her
decision.  "Yes Master."

	She placed the phone on the coffee table and quickly clutched at the
bottom of her tee shirt, pulling it upward over her head.  She felt a momentary
chill as her breasts fell loose of the restraining cloth and she felt a
momentary spasm as her nipples tightened.  She let her fingers circle her
aerolas lightly before sliding down to the waist band of her shorts.  She hooked
her thumbs under the cinched and elastic cloth and pushed downward, forcing the
red shorts down over her thighs and knees.  They puddled around her sandal clad
feet and she stepped out of them.  Her white curvaceous body twisted down to the
coffee table and picked up the receiver again.  Her breath was heavy and she
could already feel the wet tingling of anticipation between her legs. 

	"I'm done, Master.  I'm undressed." She said, her voice breathy into the
phone.

	"Good.  Now I want you to get a pillowcase, the clothespins I told you
to buy, and your bowl full of marbles." He ordered her.  "Oh, and Amanda, get
your vibrator too."

	Amanda shivered "Yes Master."  She quickly walked to the linen closet
just down the hall and removed a clean pillow case, draping it over her
shoulder.  She turned left into her bedroom and quickly found her toy, clutching
it in her hand as she returned to the dining area.  She scooped up the
clothespins and dumped them in the marble bowl.  Her fingers picked it up and
carried it to the coffee table.

	"I'm ready, Master.  I have all of it." Amanda said softly.

	"Very good, my dear.  Now, I want you to spread your legs wide apart. 
Then pick up the vibrator and turn it on to its lowest setting.  Once it's on,
slip it up into your body."

	"Yes Master, but where in my body?" asked Amanda hesitantly.

	There was a slight pause and then the Master responded.  "Into your sex,
my slave.  I see you are more cosmopolitan than I thought."  He paused.  "We
will address this development next time, Amanda.  For right now place the
vibrator into your flower.

	Amanda nodded and then realized the Master couldn't see her.  "Yes
Master.  I understand."  She turned to face the coffee table and then spread her
legs wide.  As she started to bend to pick up the vibrator she heard his voice
again. 

	"Amanda, make sure you face the window when you slip the vibrator in."

	Amanda picked up the vibrator and turned to the glass wall.  She could
see her reflection in it, a dark shadowy form, petite and sensual.

	"I am facing it, Master."

	"You are wonderful, my dear."

	Amanda reached down and placed the tip of the toy at the bottom of her
slit and she twisted the bottom to activate the vibrator.  With a sudden jolt
she felt the small cylinder begin shaking as the vibrations coursed up her arms
and through the opening of her sex.    With a small gasp she began working the
toy into her body, her left hand twisting it as she gasped into the phone she
held with her right.

	"I love hearing the sounds of your pleasure." Her master said.

	Amanda moaned again as she felt the tip of the vibrator hit the very
back of her well.

	"Now close your legs, Amanda.  Tighten up so the vibrator doesn't fall
out." she heard him say.

	Amanda held the vibrator in place and closed her legs, using the taut
flesh of her thighs to hold the shaking toy in.

	"Okay sir." she said, her voice coming in ragged whispers.

	"Good, now pick up the pillow case and two clothespins."

	Amanda carefully bent down to the coffee table and picked up the folded
white pillow case and two of the wooden clips.  As she straightened, the
vibrator shifted and sent more ripples through her.  She pressed her lips
together as she moaned.

	"Do you have them?" The Master asked.

	Amanda steeled herself to answer.  "Yes, Master.  I have them."

	"Now I want you to listen to my instructions and then when I tell you,
to follow them.  I want you to put down the phone and hold the open pillow case
to your chest.  The open end needs to be facing upward.  Bring the edge of the
cloth to just above your aureoles.  Then I want you to use the clothespins to
clip the pillow case directly to your nipples.  Leave one side of the pillow
case open.  Do you understand?"  The Master asked.

	Amanda was shaking.  She had no idea this was what was intended and she
quivered in delight and excitement at the thought of the harsh pinching her
delicate nubs would endure.  The pillow case was light, but she wondered if it
would stay on.  Her hand gripped the phone tighter.

	"Yes Master. I understand Sir."

	"Good.  Then do it."

	Amanda placed the phone down on the table and picked up the folded
pillowcase and the clothespins.  She placed the pins in her mouth to hold while
she shook the case loose and held it to her chest.  Her eyes saw the white
glimmer of reflection in the glass balcony door and she wondered if anyone out
there could see her.  Her body quickened again and shudders of ecstasy erupted
from her sex and she felt a small trickle flow down the inside of her thigh.

	The top of the pillowcase fell open and she used one hand to hold the
inside against her chest.  With her other hand she removed the clothespin from
her lips and pushed, causing it open.  She could see the hard bump of her
nipple, seemingly coated with white cotton, and she hesitated with the
clothespin open and surrounding her nub.  She wondered how much it would hurt.

	With a quick movement she let the clothespin close, crushing her nipple
in a tight grasp.  The small strip of cotton protecting the delicate pink flesh
did almost nothing and Amanda gasped loudly as the pain went shooting up through
her breast.  She reached up to remove it when she felt the sudden waves of
pleasure pounding through her sex and she rocked with each one.  She moaned even
louder and thrust her hips back and forth, trying to move the vibrator.

	The waves continued but she regained control.  Her nipple still hurt,
but it was like an intensifier for the pleasure coursing through her loins.  Her
shaking fingers removed the second clothespin and she did not hesitate as she
let the wooden clamp bite down upon her other nib.  Her gasp filled the room and
she again felt the intense pleasure.  She picked up the phone and wetted her
lips.

	"I did it, Master.  I clamped the case to my breasts."

	"I know, my slave.  I know.  I could hear you as you did it.  Tell me,
how does it feel?"

	Amanda took a quick breath.  "It hurts, Master.  But it is a nice hurt. 
It makes what the vibrator is doing to me more noticeable.  I don't understand
it."

	The Master chuckled.  "You will eventually, Amanda.  I will be training
you." He paused.  "Now I want you to pick up the bowl full of marbles and go out
on the balcony. Keep the vibrator in you."

	Amanda's eyes flew open.  "On the balcony?"

	"Yes, Amanda.  Go out on the balcony now."

	Amanda bit her lip and then acquiesced.  "Yes Master."

	She scooped up the bowl and waddled toward the balcony door.  She took
tiny steps, since she couldn't walk and keep the vibrator buried in her wet
well.  Finally she reached the door and slid it open.  Her sandal clad feet
stepped out onto the concrete ledge and everything changed.

	Amanda was much more aware of her surroundings; the goosebumps raising
across her flesh, the scent of the night air, the light from the complex lamps,
the small lights in each apartment.  Even the man smoking in the shadows on the
otherside of the apartment.  She could barely see him and she wondered how much
of her he could observe.

	"Go to the railing Amanda and place the bowl on it."  The Master told
her.

	Amanda took two steps to the railing and set the bowl on the metal
ledge.  The pillowcase swayed in the breeze, slightly pulling on her nipples and
she again rocked with pleasure.  "I'm ready, Master." She said.

	"Excellent.  Now you realize that anyone walking under your balcony
might be able to see your body?"

	"Yes Master, but the pillowcase is blocking the light."

	"I know, Amanda.  That is okay.  Here is what I want you to do.  I want
you to spread your legs and hold the vibrator in your body.  With your other
hand you will put down the phone and take out a handful of marbles and count
them as you drop them into the pillowcase.  For everyone you drop, you may
thrust that vibrator as deep and as hard as you can, but you can only thrust one
time for every marble.  Do you understand?"

	Amanda whispered her reply.  "Yes Master, but how will you hear me?"

	Again the masculine laughter.  "I will hear you, little one. Just leave
the phone on the railing."

	"Yes Master."

	Amanda placed the phone directly in front of her on the wooden railing
and reached into the bowl.  Her fingers tightened around a multitude of glass
balls and she reached down between her legs for the vibrator.  Her hand found
its way into the pillowcase and she began to drop marbles, counting each one. 
As they fell she experienced the sudden jolt of pressure and pleasure as the
pillowcase yanked upon the restraining clamps.  Her breasts felt the intensity. 
She counted out the eleven in her hand and she quickly twisted the vibrator.

	She thumped the vibrator up and down into her cavity, feeling the soft
folds of her sex part.  Juices streamed down her hand and she shuddered, causing
her breasts to jiggle.  Shafts of pain speared upward from her nipples and shot
downward to her groin, joining and intensifying each jolt of pleasure from her
sex.  On her eleventh thrust she held the tip hard against her sex, desperately
wishing for release.  Her breath was coming in ragged sobs and she realized that
she had not even thought about the sound of her pleasure carrying across the
complex.

	But the need between her legs was too great and she grabbed an even
larger handful of marbles, counting quickly as the dropped into the cotton sack. 
The weight doubled, pulling even tighter against the clothespins, dragging
downward on her sensitive nipples.  She gasped loudly, moaning as her hand began
pounding the vibrator upward into her body.  Each thrust brought new waves of
sensation that combined and mixed with the deep tugging on each breast.

	Her mind could barely handle the required counting as she once again
quickly used up the thrust given by each marble.  She could feel herself coming
so close, her body rocking with spasms.  Her delicate fingers once again reached
into the bowl and scooped up a handful of marbles, her wrist shaking as she
counted them into the pillowcase.

	Her nipples began to ache with a new sensation as the added weight
brought the pillowcase lower.  Her knees buckled as her body shuddered with the
driving thrusts of the hand-held toy.  Her pace increased and she picked up the
bowl with her free hand.  With a sudden decision she dumped the remaining globes
down into the pillowcase, feeling the reverberating pulses as each one landed at
the bottom.  Her hand pumped madly and she snatched up the phone. 

	"I-I-I dumped the entire b-b-bowl, Master."  She stuttered into the
receiver.

	"I know, Amanda.  Keep pumping.  Keep pumping even if the pillowcase
falls.  Pump until you are satisfied, little one."

	Amanda grunted into the phone, her hand shoving and twisting the
vibrator as it slapped upward.  Her nipples seemed to burn as flames of
sensation raced into her body.  Suddenly she heard a snap and one side of the
pillowcase dropped, the clothespin flying off her body and out over the railing. 
She cried out loud as her crushed nipple surged with renewed blood flow and the
other pin followed the first out into the night.  The pain burrowed into her and
caused a surge of adrenaline to spiral outward and the first wave of the
oncoming sexual explosion crested.  She pumped twice more and then froze, her
body caught in the grips of pleasure.  She shook, her naked body exposed on the
balcony as she gasped and quivered with one hand holding the buried tool deep.

	And then it was over.  The intensity ebbed and she slowly became
cognoscente of her surroundings.  She peered across the complex and could still
see the small ember of a cigarette glowing.  She quickly removed the vibrator
and grabbed the pillowcase from the balcony floor.  She darted inside the
apartment, drawing the blinds closed.  She dropped everything on the table,
hearing the marbles strike and she remembered the phone she still held in her
hand.  She raised it to her ear and heard nothing.

	"Master?" she said into the silence.

	"Yes, Amanda?" came his voice.

	"I exploded, Master." She said softly.

	"I know.  You were very vocal.  It was a superb performance, and a
fitting punishment."

	Amanda smiled and blushed.  Her legs felt week and she collapsed on the
couch.  "I'm glad you find me worth, Master."

	"I do, Amanda.  Are you resting now?" he asked.

	Amanda looked around on the couch.  The cloth felt good to her, yet
rougher than usual and she realized her skin was more sensitive.  "Yes, Master. 
I'm resting."

	"Good.  I want to give you a few more instructions.  First of all, you
need to acquire a post office mail box.  Then I will need the address.  I will
be mailing you a few items, as well as some money, so that you will be able to
afford my necessary requirements."

	Amanda smiled.  "I understand, Master."

	"I'm sure you do.  Now I want you to rest, Amanda.  Sleep tight."  The
phone went dead.

	Amanda set the phone down and smiled, her body feeling more relaxed and
pliable then ever. 

	"Good night, Master.  Thank you."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





