BDSM Library - Snippets




Snippets
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A series of short vignettes. Some content may be disturbing.
Snippets Part One -  The Artists



By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





Following is a series of short (one page) vignettes. Content will vary from
vignette to vignette. Each is themed according to either the style or subject
matter of a particular artist.



Some readers may find particular stories to be disturbing or offensive.



Rodin

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



She was truly, truly wicked.

He realized that now. The scope of her imagination, the thing he admired most
about her, was far beyond his own imagining.

He knew she was creative - that was evident from her profession as a graphic
artist. He had seen her work many times, and long admired the thinking process
behind it. Watching her at work, at the computer or the art table, was something
to behold. Bold strokes here, a dash of colour there, pinpoints of black here
and there ... amazing how she could take a blank piece of paper and make
something appear on it.

Her creativity in the bedroom astounded him. A virtual sexual gymnast, like
nothing he had ever experienced before. He laid claim to many a pussy scalp,
many notches on his bedpost, but he now thought she was way beyond his
experience.

She had him thinking that right now.

There was nothing else he could do.

Well, he could squirm, but that would only result in a sharp rebuke, most likely
from Her whip. Which would make him squirm, which would hurt and which would
make Her to command him to sit still, which made him nervous, which would
eventually cause him to squirm again and ... Catch 22, twice over.

She asked him to pose for her. He thought it would be fun. But the reality was
not what he thought it would be. He was surprised how long he was able to hold
the pose. Chin on right hand, which was curled into a fist. Right elbow against
right knee. Right foot on the balls of his feet. Legs slightly apart, so his
penis and testicles were dangling. Left leg back slightly, ankle pressed against
the rocky surface.

He thought had been in this pose for hours, but knew it was probably less than
two.

He could not move, because She had used tape and rope to bind him into the exact
pose. Then silenced him with Her panties, wadded and stuffed into his mouth,
lips covered by clear tape.

The rock on which he was sitting was uncomfortable. Its hard, rough surface
scratched and poked and prodded. His ass was slowly burning from discomfort. Not
to mention the vibrator She had stuffed inside him.

Fuck! His right thigh was starting to twitch! Was he getting a cramp? He willed
it to be still, his mental processes focusing on the misbehaving muscles ... and
making it worse.

The cramp grew, the muscle contracting, contracting, growing ever tighter,
crying out for release, now demanding to be stretched.

He groaned.

Her whip cut through the air like a shark slicing through a school of mackerel.

The stripe it left was red hot, a line of fire to remind him to

Sit

Still.

She laughed.

"Only two more hours to go sweetie," She said. "Then I'll think about releasing
you."

She stroked his face. A gentle, sweet. loving touch. She smiled at him.

"Think you can make it?



Dali

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





The icing is absolutely delicious. Sweet, creamy, a delightful mint flavour.
Caroline always makes this icing for her rich chocolate cake, and she really has
outdone herself this time.

I run my index finger through the icing, making a diadelesque, the gooey sweet
sticking to my finger, clumping in a sugary mound. I pop the finger into my
mouth and slowly suck. Mmmm, delicious!

The chocolate cake coats my fingers in a dark brown mess, crumbs falling on my
lap and chest.

I am careful to avoid the candles that burn so bright - don't want to burn
myself, after all. Perhaps I should blow them out soon.

More cake and icing. Eating with my fingers like a child. But a fork just would
not work, not this time. Nor would a fork be as much fun.

"Hmmm, now that's an idea," I say thinking out loud. I am sitting on the floor,
legs stretched out beneath the table. I rose, and walked into the kitchen.

The freezer door hissed, a blast of cold air. The rattle of a drawer, metal
against metal rising up from within.

Returning to the family room, I settle back in, legs stretched out beneath the
table. There is a squeak as my barefoot bumps against one of the items dangling.
I ignore it.

"What's a cake without ice cream?" I muse out loud. I thrust the scoop into the
French vanilla confection, and plop a rounded frozen ball in the spot I had just
prepared.

Caroline moans.

The table shudders.

I give her naked butt a swat.

 "Be still, you'll make me spill my cake."

I slid my hand, an icing and cake covered hand, and rubbed it across her naked
breasts. Her nipples point at the floor like a cow's udders. They beg to be
pinched.

Naturally I oblige.

She moans again.

Holding the scoop about a foot above her back, I watch as a big glob of ice
cream goes splat, and settles on her coccyx.  As it melts, it will trickle down
between her cheeks.

"Mmm, good cake sweetie," I chortle, scooping another handful of cake and icing
from her back. "Here, have a taste."

I thrust two fingers through the ring gag that holds her mouth open. I smear the
icing inside her mouth, then, just for the fun of it, drag a fingernail along
her tongue. A most horrible sensation, one that will make the very sensitive
tongue itch and twitch for a couple of minutes, heh heh.

Caroline shakes her head, her stylish cut now festooned with a mess of icing and
chocolate cake. Her face is smeared with the sticky stuff too.

I wonder what cake Caroline will want for her birthday?.





DaVinci

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



"Raise your arms above your head until the palms meet, then slowly back down to
your sides."

The whirr, snap, whirr, snap of shutter clicks.

"Beautiful, darling. Okay, do it again, this time, open your legs to shoulder
width, then close them again."

Whirr. Snap. Whirr. Snap.

"Okay, hold it, right there."

She shook her head, tresses black as the darkest corners of a jungle, flying
about her shoulders. Almond eyes watching, anticipating, as he moved toward her.
A slight sheen beginning to show against her tawny skin, the heat of the
photographers lights warming her nakedness.

She looked like the sketch from Renaissance Florence, a female form instead of a
male. Arms straight out from the shoulder, legs apart. Everything exposed.

She didn't move as he inched closer, ever closer, until his body heat mingled
with hers, and his breath was soft and wet against her flesh. His hand cruised
down her chest, exploring her, reading her as if she were Braille.

"ouch!" she grimaced as he pinched a nipple.

"Shut up."

His hands roamed at will. Breasts, belly, buttocks, the shaven cleft between her
legs, the deep recesses hidden therein. She stood still, enduring it.

He shaped her hands into fists, covered the fists with a layer of plastic wrap.
Black tape followed the plastic. Her fine hands, musician's fingers that lived
to pluck and stroke and glissando, rendered into stumps.

More plastic wrap, around her chest beneath her breasts, over shoulders, around
arms, a web of clear plastic.

"Say ahhh", he smirked. She opened her mouth.

Moaned as he parted her labia. The lubricated metal and plastic probe was cool,
and  bigger than she expected. A second probe pushed against her anus. It hurt
as it pressed forward, then, almost with a pop! It was past the ring and inside
her.  She stood still as he connected wires, and led them back to where his
camera lay.

He pressed her legs together, wrapping them with plastic film, encasing her like
a piece of grade A meat, or a see through mummy, she was not sure which. Her
breasts were still open to the air.

Matching clips, connected by a fine chain, snapped her nipples to attention. A
final pass of the plastic wrap, covering her but not the chain.

Humming to himself, the photographer gingerly lowered her to the floor. Still
humming, he connected the loose wires to a small box. Pushed a button.

She jerked and cried out as the electrical current pulsed through her most
intimate places.

"Perfect", he said. He looked at her face.

And understood La Giaconda's smile. 







Gauguin

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





Her life long fantasy, her treasured dream - to have a simple cottage at the
edge of a sandy beach. To listen to the gulls and shorebirds as they scrounged
and scavenged. The music of the ocean as it ebbed and flowed, crashing on to the
shore, pausing, then slowly, effortlessly sliding back, gathering its energy to
do it again and again and again.

She watched the gulls circling overhead. Their cries were raucous now. Bitter,
sharp, tormenting sounds. They flew round and round, their beady little eyes
always watching what was happening below. Their greedy beaks ready to snatch up
any morsel of food available to be gobbled down greedily.

The wave tickled her foot. It was cool, refreshing in the burning stare of the
afternoon sun.

She was very, very hot. Definitely not accustomed to this kind of heat. Her fair
Nordic skin was burned a bright lobster red already.

Her throat was parched. She would have given her soul for a glass of water, not
to say what she would have done for an ice-cold beer.

The sand itched and scratched when she moved. More small gravel than sand, not
the white ashtray smooth sand she had dreamed about. This was jagged, small
sharp cutting stones, volcanic and coral and rough. She felt a tickle at her
waist. The soft touch against her burned skin was like a poker. But it was only
a crab, wondering what was in his way. It scrabbled up and over her, spidery
legs inflicting incredible pain against too exposed flesh.

Flies buzzed about her lips. Lovely, plump red glossed lips that now were
blistered, cracked, black. Eyes swollen almost shut saw a gull make a controlled
glide toward her. She turned her head.

Over her outstretched arm she could see the gull cock its head, looking at her.

"shoo." She croaked. No sound escaped her lips.

The gull hopped closer.

She flashed back to the man she had met in the bar in that resort near Bali.
"Want some adventure, darling?" he had tempted. Drunk and horny and lonely, she
was easy prey for the land shark. He had robbed her, raped her, beaten her, and
now here she was.

Naked. Staked out on a deserted beach, no water, no shade, no hope.

She sensed the gull near her face.

"Fuck you," she whispered.

"Fuck you," the gull replied. His dagger beak darted forward.

She squeezed her eyes shut.

Screamed into the wind.

A bright red flower slipped from behind her ear to the sand.







Picasso

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



She did not recognize her face.

It wasn't her face.

Not any more.

Maybe, the thought scared her, maybe not hers ever again.

Two blue eyes, soft and clear as a virgin mountain lake. Her other features,
were gone. Only her eyes remained.

The soft kid leather covered her from the crown of her head to the whiteness of
her throat. It was sleek and shiny and smooth. Black leather, black as coal,
black as night, black as...

... nothing.

She looked again into the full-length mirror her Master had placed in front of
her. She saw a naked woman, legs shoulder width apart, anchored to the rear of
the small platform by chains, 5 inch heels adding to her height, causing her
calves and thighs to display their shape. A black leather single glove ensnared
her arms - like her ankles, it too was chained to a ring in the platform. A
crotch rope bisected her shaved mound of Venus. Secured to the front of the
platform, the rope pulled her waist forward. The padded support bar beneath her
shoulders, and the protruding piece that pushed her waist forward, curved her
like an English longbow, stretching her, emphasizing her musculature.

He had covered her face and head with a shiny black leather hood, an attached
penis shaped gag filling her mouth.

Was it "her" mouth? She didn't know anymore.

He had used her body like a canvas. Painted her with long narrow red stripes,
from the cane. Splattered red marks, shiny and hot, from the cat. Pink patches,
from his hand and the pony whip. Angry purple on her thighs - the quirt had
caused her much pain.

She groans. Trying to adjust her splayed form, to ease the strains, the crotch
rope digging, burning, slicing her in half.

Footsteps.

He comes.

She moans in fear.

He comes.

And in His arms

A rainbow,

A kaleidoscope,

A palette of

candles.




Snippets Part Two:  Seven Mortal Sins



By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





A series of short vignettes. Content will vary from vignette to vignette. Some
readers may find particular stories to be disturbing or offensive.









					Wrath



				Sloth



			Pride



		Lust



	Greed



Gluttony



Envy

Wrath

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



"What are you doing?" he laughed.

Her face close to his, long blond hair draped across his head and shoulders like
a veil. She giggled as she straddled his chest, holding his wrists.

"You'll see," she whispered, hot and sultry, "and it's going to be fun."

A tiny hand slipped beneath a pillow and withdrew a silk scarf. Knotted it
around his wrist and to the bedpost. He roared with mirth, fighting back like a
playful bear. She pressed down on his chest, her hot wet feminine core hard
against his sternum, naked legs straddling his ribs.

"Lie still slave, or I'll punish you," she teased as she tied his other wrist.
Satisfied he was secure, she kissed him. Her tongue slipping across his palate,
his teeth, his lips. He moaned as she nipped at his nipple. She turned around to
face his feet. Kneeling forward, she commenced tying off his ankles to the
footboard.

Straining, he leaned forward, trying to reach her exposed pussy.

"There!" she said. She rolled off him and stood by the night table.

"Now what?" he asked, feigning fear. She smiled back.

"I'm going to place a condom on your cock, then give you a blow job until you
come."

"Mmmmm, sounds like just a horrible torture."

She showed her teeth. "Oh it will be, I promise you."

She climbed back on the bed. Straddled his chest. Unrolled a condom. And ...

Later, he was still spread-eagled on the bed. The condom, filled with his cum,
slopped around his now shriveled cock. She was in the bathroom, brushing her
hair.

"You know, I could sure use some wine."

She stood in the doorway.

"Shut up." She picked something off the floor near the bed. Rubbed it against
her private parts, then across his. Stuffed it into his mouth. "My panties
should keep you quiet."

He tried to speak, but the wadded cloth rendered him unintelligible.

"Wine. Good idea." She said. Padded out of the room, returning with a bottle and
two glasses. She poured some clear liquid into each glass, took a sip from one.
Red lipstick clung to the rim. Sipped from the other, and then dribbled the
liquid across his face.

She dressed, blew him a kiss, and headed for the bedroom door. Turned. Went into
the bathroom, came out with strands of hair in her fingers.

"You know, you should have told me you were married." She scattered the hairs
across his naked form. "I hope she's a blonde." Blew him another kiss. And
vanished.

He strained against his bonds, desperate for release, howling his anger.  The
fucking scarves were just too well knotted and too fucking strong. The room
stunk of wine, stale perfume and stale sex.

Fifteen minutes passed. The sound of a door opening.

"Honey?" came a woman's voice. It reeked of cheer. "I'm home..."





Sloth

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





She was licking his face.

Making cute little grunting whining noises, like a baby seal asking for her
mother's teat.

He opened one eye.

Groaned.

His pet was lying on her side, her head against the pillow next to his. Red hair
splayed out in every direction of the compass. The harness gag and O ring kept
her mouth open, The little pink tongue flicked in an effort to lick him again.

"Ah-uh? Eee?"

He had been tired when he arrived home from work. A twelve-hour shift in the
plant, printing presses roaring and clacking, monstrous rolls of paper whirring,
the smell of ink and paper and dust and god knows. A couple of beers with the
guys when the long shift finally ended, and then home.

He was tired. She was bored. Wanted to go out. Wanted to par-tay.

Fuck her.

He tied her up, left her on the bathroom floor. Had a shower, threw her on the
bed, climbed in, and went to sleep.

She lay on her side, tied wrists to ankles, a belt around her upper arms and
chest, the gag.

She wiggled like a worm, a caterpillar, trying to get him to ... to what?
Release her? Screw her?

His erection was hard. Very strong. He was ready.

He ignored it.

Rolled over, on his side.

His back to her.

And closed his eyes.









Pride

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



It was the stuff of dreams. An entire species, with bipedal females whose
oestral cycle placed them in a state of heat that was unmatched anywhere man had
previously visited. The stories of the sexual appetites of the "catwomen of
Cauldor"  were well known throughout the Corps. And when in heat, their bodies
exuded a powerful aphrodisiac, a scent that stimulated and kept a man aroused
much longer than he ever thought possible.

Rick was in his glory. He had oft bragged to his fellow Corpsman about his
sexual prowess, and supported his claims in the shower room. He made sure all
his lesser endowed comrades knew about his massive cock. It was his pride and
joy.

And now these three absolutely magnificent catwomen knew about it too. He had
encountered them in the bar frequented by spacers and natives alike. He loved
their feline grace, the soft golden downy fur that covered their sleek, muscular
bodies, their stunning long manes. Their leader, the one called Xearra, had
cozied up to him, literally purring as she stroked his arm, his chest. When her
prehensile tail groped his groin, her golden almond shaped eyes widened in
surprise and delight. He knew he was better equipped than most men - hell, his
bedpost had the notches to prove it, he liked to boast - but Xearra was so
impressed, she called over to her friends.

And now here he was, comfortably ensconced on a set of huge pillows, naked as
the day he was born, with three incredibly horny females. Their scent was
overpowering. He touched his cock. It felt different, bigger, stronger, more
powerful than ever. Like a steel girder, round and thick as a Greek column.

The tabbies were all around him, all over him, licking, stroking, kissing,
touching, smelling, probing. They purred and moaned, making noises he had never
heard, each sound pulsating through to his very essence, building him up in his
mind to be a powerful figure, a giant, a god ...

"mmm, I bet you've never seen a cock as big as mine", he said as Xearra slowly
slid down his belly to his crotch.

"Oh yesss," she mewed. "I , we, look forward to enjoying it."

He reached to stroke her feline head.

One of the catwomen straddled his chest. Her musk so powerful, he almost slipped
into unconsciousness. She grabbed his wrists and pinned him to the bed. She was
unbelievably strong - he couldn't move an inch.

A leonine face came close to his, rough tongue licking, tasting.  A sharp pain
in his ear. He saw a trickle of blood on her lips - did she bite him?

"Ssstrange one," she hissed. "You taste .... Exotic. You will be a rare treat
for us."

Xearra growled. Her two companions hissed in response, moving back but keeping
Rick pinned down. He raised his head.

"Stranger," Xearra said, her voice dripping with lust. "Our cubs will be strong,
thanks to you. "

"But, but, our races cannot interbreed!" Rick stammered.

Xearra laughed, her wicked sharp teeth gleaming. "We do not want your seed, you
stupid pathetic creature! Our males already provided that!"

Her head dived into his crotch.

Rick screamed as unbelievable pain ravaged his body.

Xearra's head rose, a bloodied mess of man flesh dangling from her mouth.

"We have merely worked up an appetite."





Lust

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



His teeth clenched tight in a rictus mask. He was close, oh so close! He could
feel all those little sperms, their tails wiggling as they gathered, ready to
race through his swollen cock.

He watched her every day in class. Saw her at the local store where she worked.
Licked his lips when she wore that skimpy little cheerleader's outfit - he knew
she did it just for him, and he smiled.

Now, the luscious pussy cunt bitch was his.

She was tight, exquisitely tight, her every vaginal muscle contraction acting
like a hot wet vise, squeezing his throbbing shaft in a lover's grip. Of course,
the way she was tied made sure of it.

He started with a strappado - elbows and wrists and thighs and knees and ankles
all cinched by leather straps, her arms hoisted up so high they were parallel to
her legs. He had fucked her mouth first, the ring gag making sure he had plenty
of lubrication when he moved to take her up the ass.

And such a sweet, sweet ass! He shuddered at the thought of it. Glorious round
mounds of muscle and flesh stretched taut as possible by the strenuous
uncomfortable strappado slamming against his hips as he thrust and buried
himself to the hilt ...

But that wasn't enough. Not for him, not this time.

He strung her up, wrists to ankles, ponytail to wrists, a tight ball hoisted in
the air, at just the right height for his waiting man meat. She squealed and
screamed in fear and delight as he pushed his purple headed shaft against her
bright coral pussy lips, and with a single, massive push, plunged so hard and so
deep inside her, he could swear his cock touched her uvula ... He knew she
wanted Him, wanted all of Him, in every and any way He could imagine.

"Fuck you, you bitch!" he growled, his teeth rammed tight against each other,
his lips curled back in a snarl of beastly pleasure as his seed shot, rocketed,
roared from the one eyed love shaft in an explosion of lust ...

The pounding of jungle drums, his heart thundering as he shot his seed.

The pounding of a fist against wood.

. "Jason, come on! You've been in there for-ever!" his little sister yowled from
the other side of the closed bathroom door.





Greed

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





Thumpthumpthumpthump!

Heartbeat to pace a Formula One car.

Forehead, chest, belly, sweaty slick as a rain soaked Grand Prix course.

Back muscles, leg muscles, stretched to their limits, and beyond.

Her hand clutching his cock like the knob on a gearshift.

They had met last night at the Fetish Ball. It was lust at first sight for him.
She was medium height, lean, sleek and muscular as a lioness, face crowned by a
mane of red hair. Blood red nails, small sharp white teeth, cat's eyes that
pierced through to his crotch. She was a captive lioness, spread-eagled in a
frame, sweat and passion oozing from her nakedness as she growled and panted. He
had taken up a flogger, red stripes morphing the lioness into a tiger, causing
her to roar out her lust and defiance and heat.

Later, in the hotel room, she had shown him things he had only read about, taken
his body in ways he had never dreamed. Sucked every drop of semen from his cock,
slurped his seed from him, drawn it into her body like a lioness devouring a
gazelle.

The female human has seven orifices, he thought, and he was sure he had cum in
at least five.

No wonder she had been tied into that whipping frame.

He turned his head toward the night table. Reached for the wine glass with his
right hand.

Gasped as she tried to shift gears with his now exhausted cock.

"More," she growled, her voice husky with too much drink, too much sex. "I want
more."

His right hand around the wine glass.

Her right hand in his genitals.

"More."

He turned his head toward hers, seeking to plant a kiss that would stall.

She turned her face to the man lying next to her.

His cock began to rise as she stroked and squeezed.

Michael watched, mouth full of wine, as the lioness mounted the other man in the
bed.









Gluttony

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





Her blood is red.

Pick an adjective: cranberry red, crimson, scarlet, ruby, it all comes down to
this:

Blood red.

Her torso has been cut and hacked and cut some more. Brutal. Vicious. Butchery.

He did not care about that, any of that. Her pain, her suffering.

Poof.

No matter to him.

It is only his pleasure that interests him.

His pleasure.

As far as he was concerned, she was just meat.

He smiled.

He could smell her flesh, and it excited him.

If he poked her, her muscle would rebound, and come back to its original shape.

That excited him - it meant she was fresh.

Fresh meat.

Juices dripping from the heat that bathed her, the fire built from his desire,
his pleasure that roasted her with its power and majesty.

She had appeared one day, big liquid brown eyes that you could swim in,
beautiful slender legs, big nipples, and innocent - oh so very innocent,
unsuspecting as a cow in a slaughterhouse.

Then it happened to her. Her limbs were bound, she was stripped, and

The men ...

They attacked her, savagely, without mercy. Causing her to cry out in terror and
fear and pain until suddenly, with a single stroke, an instance in time so fast
she could not see it coming, her pitiful existence ended.

"How's your steak, honey?" his wife asked.

He looked down at the piece of rare, bloody meat that minutes earlier had been
on his barbecue and days, weeks earlier had been a living creature.

"Delicious," he said.









Envy

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca





... Britney's eyes went wide, round as saucers, as Justin unzipped.

'Oh baby baby baby baby!" she exclaimed, realizing that Justin was not wearing a
codpiece after all. She clapped her hands in girlish glee as his shaft of love
sprang free. A full twelve inches of throbbing passion loomed before her ripe
red lips.

Britney almost swooned with delight.

"Oh Justin, now I understand why your friends call you "Timber Leg", she
muttered as she leaned forward, her pretty pink tongue flicking the massive
purple head ...





"Fuck me," I said as I scrolled down to the final moments of the story. "I write
better than this shit."

I clicked back to my own story. 4,319 hits. One and a half stars.

The Britney-Justin piece of crap. 13,253 hits. Four stars.

"Fuck me," I muttered.

 I clicked on "Write a Review" ...




Snippets Part Three:  The Elements

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca

There are twelve animal signs in Asian astrology. Each is subject to the
influence of four elements.

Earth.

		Water.

Wood.

		Metal.




Earth

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca



The scream is ripped from her throat the way a starving beast ravages the flesh
from carrion. It was torn out from behind her teeth, past her lips and flung
away into the air above and behind and around her.

They had grabbed her, strapped her up. Laughing all the time. At her fear, her
terror. Pushed her forward out to the little platform. On one side, the men who
tormented her, who wanted to rip the clothing from her and use her body before
tossing it away.

On the other side: air.

She had no choice.

She stepped forward.

There was nothing there and it hit her with a force she could not believe.

She plunges down, her succulent breasts pushed flat by the uprushing
nothingness.

She knows what is below her, what is coming for her. It terrifies her.
Exhilarates her. Excites her.

She is so close to death and le petit mort, she knows if she touches herself she
will cry out and buck in a frenzy of passion.

The earth is her lover-in-waiting.

The ground and trees and rocks and stones and dirt and riverbed look up at her.
The earth  wants her, expects her.

It will take her in its unrelenting embrace, and ...

... and what is now 135 pounds of muscle and hair and sinew and bone and flesh
will be smashed and broken and jellied and with time, absorbed ...

She closes her eyes.

And screams.

And touches herself, through her jeans, strokes the wet white-hot channel
between her legs.

She comes, her body convulsing.

And twisting and flipping as the bungee cord reaches its limit.

And yanks her back up in the air.

"Fuck! What a ride! Woo-hooo!" she yells.

Her friends on the bridge hoot back.

The earth sighs.

The earth is patient.

It knows it will possess her, one day.





Water

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca

Dripdrop. Dripdrop.

Egg shaped, tear shaped, splashes of water, falling into a pail of water.

Dripdrop. Dripdrop.

Maddening, annoying, hateful sound.

Each drop slightly louder than the last, growing incessantly: a clap, a slap, a
gunshot, a thunderclap ...

Louise gritted her teeth. Bit down hard on the string clenched between her upper
and lower incisors. She hated the string, but not as much as she hated the
dripping water, and not even close to how much she hated what might, will happen
if, when she releases the string or if, when the bucket is so full she can't
stand it any longer.

Drip. Drop.

If she looked down, she could see the bucket as it slowly filled with water.
Moving her head forward relaxed the string in her mouth. The string led from her
clenched teeth through a ring in the basement ceiling to the handle of the
bucket. It was wrapped around the handle in a secure knot before it continued on
its journey to the chain connected to her nipple rings. Moving her head forward
lowered the bucket making the string leading back to her chest even tauter,
pulling her hurting nipples, stretching them to the tearing point.

Dripdrop.

Her feet were past pain, zoning into numb. She balanced like a dancer, almost en
pointe, splayed in a naked X, balls of her feet on narrow blocks of wood. It was
her calves that alarmed her, frightened her. In the past twenty minutes, both
legs had begun to tremble from the strain of her balancing act.

Dripdrop.

The vibrator in her cunt hummed happily.

Drip drop.

She considered just letting go of the post, stepping off the blocks,
masturbating in the shower instead.

Dripdrop.

Dripdrop.

Drip.



Drop.



Wood

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca

She was teak. Not brown nor red, the golden hued sun-kissed colour that is
somewhere in between. Smooth, sensual to touch, like satin wood. Fragrant, a
hint of a polished sheen.

Her nipples were twin acorns, dark and ripe. Near the left acorn nipple was a
small dark blemish as if it marked the spot where a twig had been snapped off.

Her rich darkness had captured him. Enthralled him. He wanted her, to feel her
smoothness beneath his hands his chest his body, to shape her, possess her.

He stalked her. Could not would not leave her be.

One night he took her.

Saw her in a bar. Talked to her. Slipped ketamine into her drink when her eyes
looked another way. Helped her to his car. Helped himself to her.

He kept her for a week. Explored her body with his fingers tongue eyes nose
cock. Fed her, soothed her, washed her, wiped her. Loved her.

She was a forest of resistance, strong proud, powerful, unbending, immovable. He
was the lumberman, patient with his tools, wearing her down bit by bit by bit.
His will, his desire, his love swayed her like a soft wind through the boughs,
caressing, persuading, unceasing, relentless, irresistible.

She bent like a willow.

He tied her, shaped her, trained her with his ropes and wires like a bonsai.
Created perfection in her. Patient, waiting for the fruit to blossom.

Time. A week. Another week. A month. She swayed. Resistance faded into the dark
shadows cast by love. Her love grew in bursts, like a sapling at the edge of the
forest. She came to need his shelter, warmth, nurture. She began to flourish
under his watchful care.

She grew to love him. Wanted him. To be his. Lover. Slave.

She bent to his desires, his fantasies.  Wore a steel band around her neck that
said she was owned by him. No matter how he used her with his ropes and chains
and whips she always sprang back like the sapling. He loved her for that.

One day of her own accord she called him Master. Another day offered herself for
discipline. Begged. She made his favourite foods. Brought his paper. Fluffed his
pillow.

He was pleased.

Their love grew like twin oaks.

He awoke from an unplanned nap to find he was naked, tied to a wooden ladder.
Realized she was stroking him into an erection.

He smiled through his puzzlement.

"What are you doing sweet thing?"

He was stiff, strong as an oak plank, his swollen member round, hard as bamboo.

"Setting myself free."

She stretched his cock out with one hand.

A glimmer of light against metal, like a sunbeam on the edge of the woodsman's
axe.

Severed the limb at the root.

She was the only one in the forest to hear it fall.

Metal

By Fox	

Copyright 2003, all rights reserved. Reproduction in any form strictly
prohibited without written permission of the author - writerfox@fastmail.ca

i do not understand why Master is so unhappy. i was being good.

As good as i can be.

Why is He angry?

i sleep curled up at His feet, every night. i lick His feet, soft and gentle
little dabs with my tongue. He tastes so wonderful to me! Male-taste, strong and
dominant. It makes me very horny to feel His skin underneath my tongue, His
scent filling my nose.

The soft sighs He makes as He sleeps.

i love Him so.

Why is He angry with me?

He had gone out and left me alone, which is okay because He does that all the
time. He put a little food in my dish, and some water in my dish too, and told
me to behave, and i did. i ate my food, okay, i got some of it all over my face
but it's not easy eating stew from a bowl you know. Anyway, i washed my face a
bit when i lapped up the water from the bowl.

But when He came home, He said i was bad, and yelled and spanked me so hard my
bum still hurts and then He grabbed me by the neck and dragged me into the
bedroom and threw that hateful chain collar around my neck and said i was bad!
Bad! Bad!

And then He put my leash on the choke collar and i had to hurry crawl behind him
and it hurt and choked me and i fell down on my belly and He dragged me and
swore and He put me here, in my little metal cage.

All alone.

i can't play, or even hardly move around in here it's so small.

i hate being in the cage.

The metal floor is cold.

The bars are cold.

Why is Master so angry?

i love Him so.

If He lets me out, i'll be good, i promise! Promise! Promise!

i'll never chew his slippers or pee on the bedroom floor ever again.

i promise!






In conclusion ...

This is the third and final set of "Snippets".

The concept for these little stories has roots in creative writing exercises,
the Japanese haiku, and the Chinese sankei. They have been demanding and fun to
write.

I hope you enjoy one or more of these "Snippets".

I welcome and encourage feedback, good and bad, about my work. Please write me
at writerfox@fastmail.ca   All replies will receive an answer.

Thank you for reading my work.

Sincerely,

Fox




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fox


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





