BDSM Library - The Classroom Ordeal




The Classroom Ordeal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young student is caught passing notes and receives her punishment from her teacher.
The Classroom Ordeal

By: Michael Alexander

m_alexander911@hotmail.com



	With astonishing timidity, both hands slowly wound their way around the
white  face, each movement agonizingly slow.  Rebecca's eyes gazed intently into
the circle from across the room, watching each minuscule motion with agony.  She
longed to reach up, remove the damn thing from the wall, and dash it to pieces
against the chalk covered board.   She inwardly groaned.  How much longer could
a group of advanced placement seniors tolerate biology class?  Her thoughts
drifted back over the previous weekend, the gift of a new car from her parents,
for her eighteenth birthday.

	Miss Temis continued her droning lecture about the biology of cells,
harping about mitochondria and permeable and nonpermeable surfaces and so on and
so forth until it all became a monotone jumble in Rebecca's mind.  Her thoughts
faded away from the monotonous discourse until they focused on the clock,
counting away the final minutes until the school day ended.

	Miss Temis' spectacled eyes were still buried in her book, a huge
teacher's edition tome that gave her all the answers to the questions, and yet
did nothing for her capabilities as a light to young minds.   Rebecca shifted in
her seat, smoothing her blue plaid skirt around her legs, fidgeting against the
boredom.

	As her teacher began another section on mitosis, Rebecca felt the soft
touch of a shoe.  She started in her seat as she realized that Erica, the girl
seated directly behind her, had tapped her ankle.  She almost turned but
remembered swiftly that Miss Temis tolerated no interruptions and that
violations were immediately and mercilessly dealt with.  Rebecca stared forward
resolutely, totally resolved not to attract the punishing eye of Miss Temis.

	Erica kicked her again, this time with more force, and Rebecca slowly
shook her head.  Miss Temis continued to read from the book and Rebecca ignored
Erica's incessant tapping.   The hands of the clock moved another fraction,
marking the time with slow even ticks.

	Rebecca stiffened when she felt the sharp point of Erica's pencil dig
into the soft skin at the nape of her neck and she hunched her shoulders upward.  
Keeping an eye on Miss Temis, she casually reached upward to remove Erica's
pencil point from her neck.  But as she reached backward her hand encountered
something other than a pencil and she felt a small square of paper pushed into
her hand.  Then the sharp prickling of the pencil was gone.

	Rebecca brought her hand backward and she froze in terror as she saw the
small note.  She glanced up at Miss Temis, fear rising to her throat, but the
teacher was still boring her students to death.  Rebecca hastily brought her
hand down to her lap, hiding the offending piece of parchment. 

	For several minutes she concentrated on the lecture, filling her mind
with osmosis and asexual reproduction.  But the insipid disquisition of Miss
Temis tempted her mind to wonder about the small square piece of paper, hidden
under the hem of her skirt.  Slowly, her eyes fastened on Miss Temis' face, she
drew the note forth and carefully unfolded it.  Flattened out on her lap, hidden
from view by her desk, she guiltily looked down onto the paper.

	"Rebecca!" called out Ms. Temis sharply, admonishment in her voice.

	Rebecca jumped in her seat, before even reading the paper, startled by
the sudden shout of her instructor. 

	"Yes Miss Temis?" she asked quickly.

	"What are you looking at?" demanded Miss Temis, her eyes narrowing.

	Rebecca gulped and stammered, "N-n-nothing, Miss Temis."

	Miss Temis sneered at her, shaking her head.  "Then you will explain how
that small piece of paper that has fallen off your lap onto the floor is
nothing, young lady!"

	Rebecca glanced down and saw that in her startlement, she had caused the
still unread note to fall not an inch from her sandaled foot.  Rebecca's eyes
widened in alarm and she shook her head.

	"I-I-I don't know what that is, Miss Temis." She replied.

	"Bring it here, now!" Miss Temis ordered.

	Rebecca stood up, carefully smoothing her skirt downward.  She knelt
down and scooped the note upward and tried to read as she walked to the lectern. 
But Miss Temis snatched it away from her and read it silently.

	Rebecca watched Miss Temis' gray eyes turn to steel and goosebumps raced
up and down her arms.  Miss Temis crumpled the note up into a tiny ball and
hurled it at the waist basket, missing the rim.  Rebecca watched as it fell to
the side of the can against the side board.

	"You know what the punishment is for passing notes is, don't you?"
demanded Ms. Temis.

	"Yes Miss," said Rebecca, tears coming to her eyes.  "But I didn't pass
it!  Please believe me!"

	Miss Temis snarled.  "Of course I am supposed to believe that!"  The
teacher took hold of Rebecca's arm and yanked her forward toward the large oak
desk that stood at the front of the room.  As she was pulled, Rebecca's large
shirt pulled against the front of her chest and for the briefest moment, each
delicate nipple was outlined against the cloth, large and solid.

	Ms Temis gasped.  "How dare you?  How dare you come to this class
without wearing the appropriate underthings?"

	Tears came welling up into Rebecca's eyes.  "Please Miss Temis, I'm
sorry!  It won't happen again!  Please!"  and she broke into sobs.

	Miss Temis face turned scarlet.  "How dare you!  I will deal with that
infraction as soon as I am done with your note passing!  Now face the desk,
young lady!  Immediately!"

	Rebecca nodded, her eyes bleeding the watery tears of misery.  She took
a single step forward until she felt the hard edge of the desk bite into the
tops of her thighs. 

	"Bend over!" demanded Miss Temis.

	Rebecca leaned over the desk, resting her chest and arms on the ridged
writing surface.  The tears continued to spill from her face, pooling softly
under her upturned cheek.  She closed her eyes as she heard the desk drawer
being pulled open and she knew the large leather crop Miss Temis kept there had
been removed.

	"Lift you skirt, young lady." Ordered Temis.

	Rebecca made no move to obey, trembling against the flood of emotions
that flooded through her.  Miss Temis made a growling sound and grasped the hem
of Rebecca's skirt, flipping it upward over her buttocks and back.

	The sudden gasps of her schoolmates as well as the gasp of astonishment
that came from Miss Temis told Rebecca that the sight of her bared bottom had
surprised them all.  Miss Temis' mouth opened and closed like a caught fish,
filled with fury at the unbridled disobedience of Rebecca's decision not to wear
panties.

	"You will be punished for that as well!" Miss Temis screeched loudly,
smacking the crop against the palm of her hand.

	Rebecca said nothing, enduring tears of embarrassment as her classmates
caught site of her cream buttocks and the smooth lips of her sex deep between
her legs.  She pushed her thighs together tightly, trying to block even the
smallest peek of her sex to the now hungry eyes of her classmates.

	The landing of the crop took her totally by surprise.  Her fingers
gripped the edge of the desk, as if dangling from a cliff, as her bottom
screamed in agony.  Rebecca cried out loud, feeling the radiating pain and then
heat cascade downward over her smooth skin.

	The crop landed again, and then again, beating its sharp painful path
across the landscape of her seat.  The heat roared in her ears and the salty
taste of her tears slipped across her crimson lips.  Miss Temis hesitated,
glancing over the red streaked cheeks of her bottom and then gave Rebecca a
final stroke across both.

	"Stand up and turn around!" ordered Miss Temis.

	Rebecca slowly lifted herself up from the desk, her arms and legs
trembling.  She realized that through the twenty strokes Miss Temis had given
her that her thighs had parted and spread, giving her class those tantalizing
glimpses of her hidden depths.  As she turned she glanced upward and saw the
riveted attention of her peers, staring in fascination and desire.  She quickly
looked down.

	"Place your hands palm down on the desk behind you, young lady!" Miss
Temis told her, the anger still raging through the teacher's face.

	Rebecca leaned backward and placed her hands on the flat surface behind
her.  She felt ackward, tilted with her breasts, stomach, and loins oddly
extended toward the class.

	"Take one step forward!" demanded Temis.

	Rebecca trembled and took a tiny step forward, keeping her hands flat
upon the smooth warm wood of the desk.

	"NO!  A large step, you slut!" shouted Temis.

	Rebecca jumped and stepped outward, pushing her groin and breasts
outward as her body arched itself upward and back.  Miss Temis reached forward
and grabbed the edge of her white blouse and yanked hard.  Tiny white buttons
flew outward, like small pieces of popcorn, showering the front row of the
schoolmates turned audience.

	Temis yanked the white cloth aside, baring creamy white breasts and
light pink areola.  Rebecca gasped as the cool air rushed by her nipples and she
felt her skin involuntarily tighten, hardening, pushing the delicate tips of her
breast outward.

	Miss Temis' eyes narrowed dangerously.

	"Now spread your legs." She told the girl.

	Rebecca took two small steps outward with each leg, spreading her legs
apart and pushing the cotton sides of her skirt outward.

	"I think the humiliation of your punishment will be as important as the
physical reminder, young lady."  Miss Temis said, and she lifted the front hem
of Rebecca's skirt and tucked it into the waistband. 

	Rebecca shivered under the onslaught of stares and carnivorous looks of
her class.  Her spread legs and bared breasts perfectly displayed ever secret
charm and piece of her body.  Her body quivered and then suddenly she felt a
spurt of wetness between her legs.  The crop swung through her vision and came
crashing down upon her breasts.  Her lips parted with a sudden cry and she
arched outward, thrusting her hips and breasts forward in a knee jerk reaction. 
Temis quickly followed with another crashing blow, bring a bright red welt to
surface across both breasts.

	A series of quick short slaps on each nipple turned Rebecca's breasts
into a bright lush crimson, repeating the heat seared look of her buttocks. 
Over and over her breasts were tenderized in a deluge of strikes, bringing
sheets of tears to her cheeks.  Miss Temis swung harder and harder, as if the
devil had taken her.

	And then the blows stopped.  Rebecca's body ached and sheets of pain
radiated out from her bosom like the heat of a bonfire, singeing her soul.  But
in the moments following the intense shooting pains, a heat that had begun
building deep with in her as she dealt with the exposure of her body came close
to fruition.  The thick wetness deep inside her flooded downward and she new
that the lips of her sex were soaked with desire, and not the rivulets of
perspiration that had flowed down her abdomen.

	Miss Temis brought the crop down on the very center of Rebecca's sex. 
With an agonizing cry the young girl arched and twisted as the leather crop
landed wetly against the thick and swollen lips of her flower.  Miss Temis
pulled back and allowed only a moment before she struck again.

	And then the pain faded.  Miss Temis struck again and again and Rebecca
shuddered under each strike, but it wasn't the sensation of punishment and pain
that filled the girl's mind.  With each additional stroke, Rebecca's nerves
tightened and she felt the oncoming orgasm sweep upward toward its peak from a
fathomless depth.  As Miss Temis brought the crop into Rebecca, the young girl
pushed her loins forward, meeting the crisp bite quicker and with more sparks.

	Miss Temis began calling out the number of strokes, her nasally voice
enunciating the number sixteen.  Rebecca surged forward as the next swing came
up between her legs.  The rush of adrenaline cascaded and rushed through her. 
Again Temis swung her crop and Rebecca twisted to center the head of the whip
right on her clit.  Rebecca gasped out loud, shaking in desire and pleasure, the
pain fading into the intensity between her legs.  Temis called out nineteen and
swung again low, smashing the rod of the crop again Rebecca's sodden petals. 
Rebecca jumped and her body began the physical meltdown of orgasm.

	On the twentieth lash, wave upon wave rushed through her veins like
fire, filling her body with the roaring of her blood.  Her chest heaved with
strain as her lungs filled hungrily to fuel the rushing cells of her loins with
oxygen.  Still more waves rocked her, threatening to overwhelm her and she could
feel the tsunami beginning to build, a final orgasm of shattering height.  But
then the blows stopped and Rebecca groaned in agony as the tide began to ebb.

	Miss Temis stepped back, gasping in shock as she realized that her
brutal humiliating punishment had inaugurated a sexual epiphany in the woman
before her.  The fury of earlier returned in a flash and she raised the crop
high above her head and brought it swiftly across Rebecca's body, slamming it as
hard as she could into the red and steaming petals of flesh between the girls
legs.

	And the tsunami crested, raging up higher than Rebecca thought possible
and her body shook and quivered like gelatin as the orgasm rushed through ever
pore and every limb.   Her eyes rolled backward as her brain overloaded, locking
out all sensation except for the sheets of pleasure exploding through her form.

	Her arms crumpled and her body turned as it fell.  She lay in a sodden
heap before the desk, feeling the sticky wetness of her orgasm seep through the
aching and hot lips of her sex.  She lay motionless, simply breathing the cool
sweet air.

	Miss Temis stepped backward, staring at the fallen form of the abused
girl.  Her eyes widened in alarm as she realized she had stepped over a line
better not crossed.  She dropped the whip and walked swiftly out of the room,
leaving the students in stunned silence.

	The harsh sound of the final bell pealed out and the students quickly
rose from the seats.  The thumping and bumping of bags and purses, of books and
shoes, filled the room, but no voices.  No one spoke.  Rebecca felt each person
pass her, looking down at her half naked form.

	And then she was alone.  Slowly, carefully, she raised her self up.  She
gathered a few of the buttons that lay within her reach and she pulled herself
up with the edge of the desk.  Her limbs felt like lead and her breasts,
buttocks, and sex hurt as if they had been abraded by sand.

	Her small steps brought her to her desk and she gathered her things. 
Finally she moved toward the door and her eyes caught sight of the small white
smashed ball of paper.  She leaned down and picked it up and held it.  With slow
patience, she pulled the creased sheet apart and saw the heavy masculine script
scrawled across it.

	"Rebecca,  You're so sexy.  I hope Miss Temis sees you with this note so
you are punished.  I want to see you hit with that crop." She read.

	Rebecca could only smile.




Please feel free to email me at any time concerning comments, critiques, and
advise.  I am always open to constructive criticism.

Yours faithfully,

Michael Alexander




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





