BDSM Library - Hazel




Hazel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lowly white cunt in the Deep South hires a black prostitute to use her mouth as a toilet.
Hazel

by sara


Jana Thomson was waiting patiently for her 'date' to
arrive. The young woman was meeting her at her home
and the evening had been carefully planned out. Jana,
in fact, had specified all that she wanted her 'date'
to do to her.

For her 'date' - Hazel Banks - was, in fact, no
ordinary date. Hazel was a prostitute Jana had chosen
for her special evening. And special was the only way
to describe it as Jana was a very kinky lesbian,
specializing in the most bizarre tastes and desires
and an ardent practitioner of submissive lesbian love.


And while 31-year-old Jana had regularly hired
prostitutes to dominate her and feed her most
perverted desires, this was to be the first time she
had been a submissive to a black prostitute. Jana,
waiting in her apartment, chuckled to herself,
remembering how she had come to hire a black
prostitute for the first time. And thinking of how her
life in the South made it all the more forbidden.

She had only recently started corresponding, after
years of lonely sex pursuits, with a dominant Cyber
Mistress and she had quickly fallen under her spell.
Her Cyber Mistress, who was an expert in all lesbian
matters was particularly interested in Jana's fetish
for scat. She found it hard to believe that Jana had a
hard time finding women to use her as a shithole and
told Jana so in one of her emails. But Jana knew she
had tried many different ways to find a Shit Mistress
and her requests had only ended with her being slapped
in the face by her intended dumpees (she didn't really
mind being slapped, just the rejection) and mostly
rejected repeatedly. And that was how she responded to
her Cyber Mistress, that prostitutes were her only
real source of the brown food of which she was so
fond. They just had to be paid and they'd put aside
their own revulsion over such an activity.

Cyber Mistress suggested to Jana that she try her
fetish with a black prostitute since that degrading
act might be all the more humiliating eating from a
black woman's asshole. And it struck Jana as a fine
change of pace, something she would really delight in.
Jana called one of her regular prostitutes and asked
if she could set Jana up with a black girl. Her
regular, Cynthia knew exactly what Jana liked, having
used her several times, and she knew the perfect black
girl - Hazel Banks. Hazel was one of those black women
who get off using and abusing white women. Most of her
clientele were male, but she would once in awhile go
with a white woman if the woman was submissive enough.

Five minutes of conversation with Cynthia convinced
Hazel that Jana was the perfect submissive for her
brand of black power.

"So," Hazel said to Cynthia, "she actually wants me to
dominate her and take a shit in her mouth? She wants
to be my human toilet? And she's hungry for my piss as
well?"

"That's right on both counts, and I've used her a
number of times so I know she's for real, she is
really into verbal abuse, the more the better, she's
just a total slut who really likes to be used by
dominant women," Cynthia told Hazel.

"Well then, I'm her girl, let's see if she can take it
from a first class black bitch."

The afternoon meeting was set, along with detailed
instructions from Jana on how she wanted to be treated
and verbally and physically abused, and Hazel forgot
about it for the moment, not so Jana, she was on pins
and needles waiting for her meeting with her new black
mistress.

When the doorbell rang at 4:30 p.m., Jana was so
excited she could hardly stand it. She flung open the
door and there was the beautiful Hazel, dressed as
Jana had requested as a high school cheerleader.
Jana's other kink was young girls and she always paid
the prostitutes extra to pretend they were much
younger than they were. Hazel in this case was
supposed to be 16 years old. Jana began to open her
mouth, but Hazel never gave her a chance, knowing full
well how cunts like Jana liked to be dominated.

"Wouldn't it be more appropriate to greet your nigga
goddess on your knees bitch," Hazel barked out and
followed it up with a back-handed slap across Jana's
jaw, knocking the older woman to her knees, from where
she looked up through dazed eyes at her guest for the
evening.

"Now that's more like it, isn't that where you belong,
white cunt?"

Jana knew she was in for a tough evening and it made
her pussy wet to think of how this black woman was
going to control her, and she dumbly nodded her head
in agreement with the prostitute's statement.

Hazel then began to strip her clothes off and shortly
Jana was staring up at a nude black goddess and she
couldn't wait for the perverted fun and games to
begin. And Hazel knew exactly what Jana needed. She
told the older woman to lean backwards with her hands
behind her, exposing her head upwards. Once Jana was
in place, Hazel walked over to her and placed herself
on 'the throne' as she called it, with her cunt
directly over Jana's mouth. Actually, her urethra was
directly over Jana's open mouth and that was where the
action would begin. Jana was not surprised by the
position, it was one of her favorites and she had
requested that Hazel demand she place herself in that
uncomfortable, but convenient, toilet position.

Hazel then told Jana what was coming, even though the
older subwoman already knew.

"Get ready you motha fukkin toilet, your nigga is
going to piss down your throat, isn't it great being
used by a woman who is descended from slaves, you are
such a fukkin whore, you'd have been on your knees in
front of a black slave woman doing the same thing,
let's pretend you are a plantation owner and one of
your slaves, a young teenage black girl is pissing
down your throat, you'd have loved that."

And then Hazel opened the floodgates and Jana tasted
'nigga' piss for the first time and she loved it. She
thought silently to herself how degrading this was,
being used by another woman, a black woman, whom she
was paying to use her as a toilet and she nearly came
right then, but held back to enjoy the thrill even
more. Hazel had come fully loaded, drinking three soft
drinks, two cups of coffee and two beers before she
arrived so she ended up pissing down slut Jana's
throat for a full three minutes and once in awhile
Jana couldn't keep up swallowing and the gagged and
sent it up through her nose and out and back into her
mouth, but Hazel never stopped as she had been
'instructed' to keep pissing no matter what Jana did
or how it hurt or bothered her.

Finally, although there was a hidden part of Jana that
wanted it to continue for the rest of her life,
Hazel's bladder ran out and she pulled off the slut
face of her customer. And she continued to dominate
right along.

"Alright cunt, get over to your fukkin couch here and
eat this pussy that has just delivered you that
precious golden liquid. And start off by thanking Miss
Pussy for that piss."

Jana began as commanded, "Dear Miss Pussy, thank you
so much for that refreshing drink of pure urine, it
was delicious and I'm honored to be a vessel for such
a flow."

Jana, still fully clothed, knelt in front of the black
goddess Hazel and proceeded to dine on one of the
South's more delightful pussies, a cunt for the ages.
As she ate it, Jana marveled at her good luck in
finding a prostitute such as Hazel. Her tongue moved
leisurely over the entire vulva of the prostitute and
Jana thought absently about the penises that had used
this very same cunt and it only caused her a momentary
bit of concern, as she thought about how used this
particular pussy was. But it still tasted wonderful
and Hazel was groaning with true lust under her expert
lingual ministrations. Jana prided herself in knowing
when her prostitutes were 'faking it' and she never
invited them back, she wanted a prostitute, even if
being paid, to enjoy her servitude. Jana continued the
tongue lashing until Hazel orgasmed, her spasming
vagina and asshole proof of the fact to Jana. Jana sat
back on her haunches and surveyed the sexy black woman
and was proud of the fact that her saliva was coating
the woman's nether lips and entire crotch.

Hazel was hardly finished with Jana. She sat up she
told Jana to open her mouth and she drooled her spit
into it, saying "Ah figure you should get about all of
my juices today. Ready for me to shit in your mouth?"

Jana couldn't say she wasn't getting her $400 dollars
worth of abuse from this beautiful black girl and
again she nodded her head.

"But first, I want you to worship my asshole," Hazel
said. They went into Jana's bedroom and Hazel laid
down on her stomach and had Jana just look at her
asshole for a half hour, then she made her eat it for
an hour, cutting a couple of farts into the older
white woman's mouth to spice up the session. Then,
finally, Hazel was ready to crap in her customer's
mouth.

"Well, let's go into your bathroom, I want you with
the back of your neck on the front of the toilet bowl
and prepare to receive the shit of your nigga
goddess."

Jana had now removed her clothes and from her perch
with the back of her neck on the toilet bowl rim, she
watched as Hazel backed up to her and brought her
buttocks close and then issued her next command.

"Take those black asscheeks, you fucking pervert and
spread them so you can see my nigga asshole and get
read to feed your sick fucking depravity."

Jana did as commanded and watched in shit eater's
delight as the puckered asshole expanded and the brown
tube began to slide out, straight toward her mouth.
The stench was horrible and yet it stoked the flames
of Jana's passion as the thick turd was deposited in
her gaping mouth and she began to chew, holding the
portion of the tube that was outside her mouth. Hazel
turned around and watched as the white slut began to
dine on her precious shit load. When she had completed
eating the first portion, she moved the remainder up
to her mouth and deposited that as well. Twice more
then, Hazel dropped huge turd loads in Jana's mouth.

When Jana was finished with the perverse meal, Hazel
took her to the shower and ordered her to open her
mouth and Hazel shot scalding hot water in to clean up
her customer. Hazel also had Jana brush her teeth for
20 minutes and then swallow mouth wash before she let
her feast on her private parts again, followed by
cooking dinner for her.

When Hazel was ready to sleep, she had Jana crawl
under the blankets and sleep next to her cunt. Several
times during the night, Hazel kicked Jana and had her
repeat her oral worship to bring the prostitute to a
climax.

In the morning, Jana was very pleased that Hazel used
her as a shit hole again. All in all, Jana was very
pleased with the performance by Hazel and she intended
to have her back again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sara


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





