BDSM Library - Stripped of her Womenhood




Stripped of her Womenhood
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A women is abused shortly after moving in with her boyfriend.  Her fantasy of happily ever after is soon crushed when he proceeds to rape her and strip her of her womenhood by removing her clitoris.
Stripped of her Womenhood

	It started when we moved in together.  We rented a lovely villa
overlooking the ocean.  I couldn't of been happier.  Soon he convinced me that I
no longer needed to work, as he had the money to support the both of us.  This
was like a dream come true to me.  I had dropped out of high school at 16, and
was working two jobs just to keep food on the table and a roof over my head. 

	The fantasy that I had soon dissipated, with his need to control me.  He
would come home from work and if dinner wasn't made or the house wasn't clean
just so, accuse me of spending all day at the beach in my slut bathing suit. 
Then one evening after one of our arguments, he took me into the back bedroom,
dragging me by my hair.  I was frightened as he had never been physically
forceful with me.  He tore off my tank top, and pushed me roughly onto the bed.   
When he seen that I didn't have a bra on, it seemed to anger him more.  He took
my nipple into his hand and began to squeeze it tight, until I was begging him
to stop.  "What's the matter don't the guys down at the beach maul your tits
this way?" he said.  When I opened my mouth to protest again he squeezed them
harder.  I was so frightened that I decided to keep quiet in the hopes of not
angering him any farther.  As he continued to pinch my nipples they started to
respond.  His lips sneered as he continued to look at me.  He reached down and
grabbed my shorts tearing them away from my body.  I was now only clad in a pair
of white g-string panties.  I tried to roll away from him but he quickly
maneuvered me so that I was spread eagle with my legs dangling over the corner
of the bed.  He pushed my panties to the side and was now roughly fingering my
opening.  I was bucking and kicking my legs trying to get away from him, but
this only seemed to excite him more.  Then all of a sudden his weight lifted
from the bed, and I could hear him unzipping his pants.  When they were half way
down I quickly crawled to the other size of the bed and made a dash for the
bedroom door.  Before I could reach the end of the hall he had grabbed me again
and threw me over his shoulder and was heading back towards the bedroom. 
"Please don't hurt me", I begged.    This time he hurled me onto my back.  He
reached into our nightstand and withdrew some rope and began to tie my hands to
the headboard.  Then he fastened a bar to each of my ankles and raised my legs
up.  My ass and my cunt were both exposed.   Then he reached down between my
legs again and his touch became very gentle.  He began to rub my clit in small
circles. I was wiggling and squirming under his touch.  My pussy was like a
faucet.  Just as I was about to cum he stopped.  I continued to hump the air in
hopes to come back in contact with his hand.  Please I begged I need to cum.  He
only laughed at me.... "Your nothing but a little slut and you have lost all
your rights to pleasure", he said.  After a few minutes when my breathing had
returned to normal he again started teasing my clit.  I was sure he would finish
me off this time.  I again gave myself up to the pleasure I was receiving, and I
began to moan.  Then he thrust two fingers into my pussy sawing them in and out. 
I couldn't stand it any longer I began to thrust my hips up when he stopped
again.  Then I could see the evil grin that had spread across his face.  My clit
was throbbing in need of release.  I began to cry.  He waited until I had calmed
down again.  I felt something cold being applied to my anus.  I became really
frightened, as I had never had anything in my ass before.  He rubbed the outside
for awhile and then I could feel the tip of his finger enter me.  I was crying
and begging him to take it out.   The pain from his finger was excruciating,  I
couldn't imagine anything bigger going inside me.  "Relax", he said.  Then just
as I was getting accustomed to one finger being in me he entered a second.  I
pushed myself back as far as I could trying to ease myself away from his probing
fingers.   As he was thrusting his fingers in and out of my ass he began to rub
my clit with his thumb.  My body began to respond to the assault on my clit.  A
small moan escaped my lips.  "This is the last time you will experience any kind
of pleasure without my permission", he said.  He then pulled his fingers out of
my ass.   Unreleasing my arms he dragged me over to a kneeling position in front
of him.  Precum was leaking from the head of his cock.  He smeared it around my
lips.  I rarely had ever given him head , as I hated the taste of cum in my
mouth.  "You will take every last bit of my cock in your mouth and swallow my
cum", he threatened.  I locked my mouth closed refusing to open for him.  He
squeezed my left tit until I screamed.  He then forced the head of his cock into
my mouth.  "Start sucking or I will twist your tit right off", he said.  I began
sucking hoping he would release the pressure on my tit.  He tilted my head back
forcing more & more of his cock down my throat.  I tried to pull my head up and
away from his cock.  I could hardly breathe.  Soon I could feel his balls
slapping against my chin.  I fought him trying to free myself from his grasp. 
Suddenly I felt his cock grow bigger and I knew he was going to shoot his load. 
"Suck down every drop of it or I will rip those tits right off your chest", he
warned.  Spurt after spurt began to hit the back of my throat.  I gagged and
tried to pull away but to no avail.  As his dick softened he pulled it away from
my lips.  I sagged to the floor gasping for breath.  I was glad that it was at
last over.

	I must of feel asleep on the floor.  I awoke. to the sounds of the water
running.  He came into the room and nudged me awake.  "Get up and take a shower
you slut, I have company coming over", he said.  I scurried to my feet not
wanting to anger him anymore.  He followed me into the bathroom as I sat down on
the toiled to pee.  I was embarrassed to have him standing over me looking at
me.  He filled the tub with warm water and I stepped in, easing my body into it. 
I was thankful for the warm water, and it seemed to ease some of the pain in my
body.  He came over to the side of the tub and began to shampoo my hair.  I
could feel myself relaxing from his touch.  He rinsed my hair off from the
nozzle attachment, and began to lather up the rest of my body.  He applied soap
to my chest and my nipples.   My little nubs were like rocks as he continued to
wash them.   He then reached down and started lathering my cunt, inserting 2
soapy fingers into me.  I arched myself up to him meeting his fingers.  My
breathing was becoming labored and I felt I was going to explode.

	He then had me kneel in the tub as he washed my back.  I could feel his
fingers caressing my rosebud.  He stopped to lather up his fingers with soap. 
"I need to clean out the inside of your ass", he said.  I began to protest and
he slapped my ass hard.  "Your body belongs to me, and I will use whatever part
of it that I see fit", he exclaimed.  I relaxed letting his fingers enter me for
the second time that evening.  The pain has not diminished any.  I tried to
relax as his fingers probed from side to side, stretching my insides.  He then
got up and went over to the medicine cabinet and removed a bottle with some
hoses attached to it.  He began to fill the bottle with water and soap.  Never
having had an enema before I had know idea what he was doing.  He then had me
get out of the tub, and spread my legs and grab my ankles.  He then applied some
lubricant to my ass and inserted his finger.  I could feel the hose entering me
and I began to get really scared.  "I have to clean your ass out" he said.  He
reached up turning a small knob, and I could feel the warm water slowly start to
enter me.  At first, It didn't' hurt at all, but after awhile my stomach began
to cramp.  "Please", I begged.  "I can't take this anymore I have to shit". 
"You will hold it in until I tell you that you can release it", he warned
slapping my ass with the end of a hairbrush.  I watched as the bottle emptied
itself of the contents.  Then he removed the tubing from my ass.  "You can
release it after you suck me to orgasm", he said.  I bent over taking the head
of his penis into my mouth.  My stomach cramped and as I leaned forward I cried
out in pain.  I began to suck his cock for all that I was worth, hoping to put
this to an end so I could relieve myself from the pressure.  I sucked him like a
lollypop.  I licked under the rim and then I swirled my tongue over his
pisshole.  His cock was glistening.  I took him again into my mouth quickly
bobbing my head up and down.  My jaws were stretched and aching and I didn't
think he was ever going to cum.  I concentrated on the rim of his dick sucking
and licking as hard as I could.  Finally, I felt his dick begin to harden.  He
pulled his dick out from my mouth as he continued to stroke it, shooting thick
globs of cum all over my face.  He wiped the cum away from my eyes and brought
it to my lips.  I opened my mouth taking it in, afraid of what might happen if I
didn't.  He then had me stand up and released the nozzle from my ass.  He
watched as I wobbled over to the toilet and sat down.  I was embarrassed, as
shit could be heard spurting from my ass.  He then had me get back into the tub
as he washed my ass and pussy again with the nozzle..  The pressure almost
brought me to orgasm.  "That little nub of yours has brought this all on you,
but we will soon remove that problem", he said.  I had no idea what he meant by
that, but his words frightened me.  I was led back into the bedroom and ordered
to dress in a short skirt and sheer top.  I was not allowed to put on my
panties.

	After I applied my makeup we went down to the kitchen to have lunch.  As
we were finishing up I heard a knock on the door.  He insisted that I answer the
door.  I did not want to, being that you could see my tits through my blouse. 
He grabbed me tightly by the elbow and led me to the door.  I did not know who
the stranger was but he invited him in.  My husband led him into the dining room
and I went into the kitchen to prepare some coffee for our guest.  I could hear
them talking about me from the kitchen doorway.  My husband was explaining to
this man that I was a nympho and that he felt that my sexual appetite could be
curbed with a cliterectomy.  I could not believe that he would talk to a
complete stranger about my sex.  I returned to the dining room with the pot of
coffee, as if I had not overhead anything.  I was extremely frightened and upset
about their conversation, but I tried not to show it.  I poured the coffee for
them and sat down opposite them.  My husband introduced me to his friend.  He
was a veterinarian from a local animal shelter.  He had gone to school with this
guy and they were good friends.  I made polite conversation with him, and then
tried to excuse myself from the room as I was embarrassed about my attire, but
my husband insisted that I stay.    He began telling his friend about my slutty
behavior and how much time I spent away from the house while he was gone.  I was
totally embarrassed, but he told my husband that he would be able to help him
out with this problem, but first he would need to take a look at me.  "Where
would you like to examine her", he said.  "If you could have her kneel up on the
coffee table on all fours I could get a closer look at her", he exclaimed.  They
were talking about me as if I wasn't present.  When I began to voice my opinion
about this I was dragged over to the table and thrown onto my back.  He pried my
legs apart exposing my slit.   He spread apart my labia with the tips of his
fingers, until my clitoris popped out from its hiding place. "See how easily her
clit becomes engorged" my husband stated.  He continued to examine me, pinching
my clit in a vice like grip.    Tears came to my eyes and I tried to force my
legs shut, but my husband held them open.  "What type of cliterectomy would you
like to perform?  We could just remove the clitoris or the labia as well.  We
could sew her up, so when you enter her it is painful for her, and she will
receive no enjoyment from it", he said.  I began to scream and struggle at his
last comments.  How could my husband do this to me.   They finally agreed on
just removing my clit and leaving everything else in tact.   "I shall go to the
car and get my supplies and then we will begin", he said.   I began to struggle
knowing when he returned what would happen.  My husband tried to reassure me
with his words that it was for my own good, and would relieve some of my sexual
frustrations.  I cried pleading with him that I would do whatever he wanted, as
long as he wouldn't let him cut me.  I was still pleading with my husband when
he returned.  "Would you like to be present for the operation", he asked.  I
could see the erection growing in my husband's pants and I knew he would not be
going anywhere.   A fold up table was brought in and set up.  It resembled one
of those exam tables you see in a doctors office with stirrups.  I was dragged
over to the exam table and my legs were drawn up and secured.  Next a restraint
was brought across my mid section and my arms were pinned above my head.   I
began screaming hysterically.  A penis gag was jammed in my mouth.  I began
fighting for air against the intrusion, and became oblivious to what  was going
on around me, until I felt a cold solution being spread across my genitalia.  Oh
my God I thought are they going to sedate me or numb me.  I again felt my labia
being spread, as gentle fingers caressed my clitoris causing it to became larger
and engorged.    I tried to struggle but the restraints kept me from moving and
tears were streaming down my face.  I felt a sharp tug as my clitoris was being
stretched and then I felt a sharp burning pain as it was cut from my body.  No
anesthetic was given and the pain was so intense that I passed out.  When I
awoke some ointment was being spread over the area where I had been cut.  I only
felt an intense burning.  Instructions were being given to my husband as to the
proper care of the circumcised area.  Ointment was to be applied every few hours
to the sutures.  If I would not allow it I was to be secured down and the
ointment applied to prevent infection.  I did not like the sound of it, and knew
I was in for a lot more pain.  After about a half hour I was released from the
examining table.  I scurried from the room and went into my bedroom and shut the
door.  I did not want to be around either one of them.  I laid on my bed and
then reached down to feel the area where my clitoris had been, only to feel the
sutures.  I cried myself to sleep.

	Two hours later I was awoken to the sounds of movement beside my bed. 
My husband explained to me that it was time for the ointment to be applied.  I
was so tired that I just spread my legs.  I could feel the cold substance being
spread over the area where my clitoris use to be.  The burning caused me to
clamp my legs shut.   I suddenly felt a need to urinate.  I sat up and inched my
way off the side of the bed.  I hobbled to the bathroom and sat down on the
toilet.  Several minutes went by and I was unable to urinate.  My husband was
standing in the doorway with a concerned look on his face.  "I will call him
back and see if he can take another look at you", he said.  I stood up and
hobbled my way back to the bed and laid down.  I was exhausted for having had
struggled so much.  I again fell into a deep sleep.  I awoke when the door
opened and the doctor walked back in.  "Let me take another look at you", he
said.  I shrinked away from him in fear.  My husband sat on the side of the bed
and pushed my legs apart giving him better access to my cunt.  I struggled to
close my legs but his grip was just to tight.  "Did you urinate yet" he asked. 
I shook my head.  "We are going to need to put a catheter in you until you heal"
he explained.  I shook my head and tried to roll away from him. My attempts were
useless as he was much stronger, and I could not get away.  Again my labia was
spread apart as the catheter was placed in my bladder.  A burning sensation
overpowered my sensations.  I begged for it to be taken out but it fell on deaf
ears.  I will check on you in a few hours he assured me and left the room.

	The next day the catheter was removed and I was able to urinate on my
own.  My husband continued to put ointment on my circumcision site.  It healed
after about 10 days.  As soon as the area felt better I tried to masterbate,
only to realize that the sensations were no longer there.  I knew I would never
be the same again.

	My relationship with my husband seemed to improve.  He was happy that
all my attention was focused on pleasing him, and I no longer had a need to
reach orgasm.  He was very happy with the success of the cliterectomy. 

	About a month later his vetrinarian friend paid a visit to our house.  I
was excused from the room while my husband and him were discussing payment
arrangements for the clicterectomy that he had performed.  This was not covered
under any type of insurance and he was not licensed to practice on humans.  I
soon found out what type of payment arrangements were made when I was called
back into the room and ordered to strip.   Fear overtook me and I ran from the
room.  After several threats I returned and stripped.  My heart raced as he
walked around me inspecting my body.  Your husband has agreed that I can take
your ass as final payment for your surgery.  I froze in fear.  I had never had
anything up my ass except my husband's fingers.  The pain was excruciating.   
"Please", I begged not that.  My husband retrieved the spreader bar from the
room and I was once again spread eagle.  I watched as he removed his jeans and
his cock sprung forth.  It was at least 10" long and 3" wide.  "That is going to
rip me apart", I screamed.  A lubed finger was inserted into my ass.  I squealed
at the intrusion.  "Please, Please remove it", I begged.  He continued to coat
my ass with the lubricant.  Then he applied some on the end of his cock.  Then I
felt something cold and hard press against my ass.  I tightened my sphincter
muscle as tight as I could to evade the intrusion.  He pressed down with the tip
of his cock and lunged forward.  I screamed in pain.  My ass felt like a
baseball bat had been rammed in it.  The burning pain was unbearable.  I looked
down and seen that only the head of his cock had entered my ass.  He didn't move
as I got accustomed to his cock being in my ass.  "Loosen up your ass muscles he
insisted that will make the entry less painful".  After several minutes the pain
seemed to dissipate.  I relaxed a little and when I did, he thrust another
couple inches inside me.  A blood curling scream escaped my throat, and I pled
with him again to take his cock out of my ass.  He then started making short
strokes, inching in and out until he was buried up to his balls in my ass.  I
was in agony as he continued to pound in and out of me.  Please come I thought
so I can get this over with.  I finally felt him pull out but I knew he had not
cum.  He released my arms and legs and then dragged me to the floor, so that I
was down on all fours.  I fought to crawl away from him but he showed my head
and shoulders down so that I couldn't move.  I felt the head of his cock enter
me again and this time with one thrust he was buried up to his balls.  He
removed it until just the tip was pressing on the outside of my ass and then
rammed it again.  He did this over 10 times listening to me scream and beg. 
Finally he grabbed my hips and began pounding my ass with each stroke.  And then
I felt his release.  My ass was flooded with his cum. His cock popped as he
removed it from my ass.  I curled in a fetal position crying.  He sat on the
couch content watching me cry.  Then he called me over to the couch and shoved
his cock in front of my face.  Blood, shit and cum were all over his cock. 
"Lick it off", he commanded.  I lowered my head and took the tip of it into my
mouth.  I tried not to gag as I licked everything off his cock. He held up his
balls so I could lick underneath.  Cum and blood were still dripping out of my
ass.  He had me turn around to see what damage he had done.  After he was
satisfied I had no internal damage, he pulled a dildo out of his bag and shoved
it up my ass.  He fitted me with a harness so I could not remove it.  "This is
the first of your 10 installment payments" he said.  I am going to stretch your
ass so the next time I come over for payment insertion will be easier.  My
husband just stared at me and laughed.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pat Arnoldi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





