BDSM Library - X Virus




X Virus
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A flu like illness becomes far more confronting when Steven discovers his DNA has been rewritten. Now genetically female he must deal with the experience of an irreversable sex change.
The X-Virus - Part 1

By Lisa James



My name is Steven, or at least it was. I was 15 and half way through my 4th year
at high school when my life changed forever - in a very bad way. It was mid
april, monday morning and I arrived at school on the bus. Hopping off I noticed
a car pull up and a girl get out. She was very pretty, but seemed quite upset as
she got out of the car and began to walk up the path. She was new, I had not
seen her before. I watched her, noticing how sexy she looked in her short school
dress. Her chest was distended by two grapefruit sized breasts that bounced
gently as she walked. My eyes locked onto hers and I could see she had been
crying. Her eyes dropped to her breasts and her mouth curved into a frown. I
smiled at her but she did not see as she walked quickly past and into the crowd.

There was something unusual about the girl, something that I would later
understand in intimate detail. I did not see her at any of our morning lessons.
After morning break I was on my way to my next lesson when I saw her again -
heading for the toilets. She walked straight past the girls toilet and into the
boys toilet. Strangely, a moment later she came back out looking angry and for
some reason she grabbed her crotch through her dress and let out a strange soft
wail as she walked into the girls toilet. Weird I thought, but I did like her
touching herself and I imagined what it might be like for me to touch her
between her legs, to feel her girlhood directly in my hand. I began to get an
errection, daydreaming, when the warning bell told me I needed to get to class
quickly.

After lunch was a sport lesson. I had been excused so that I could go to the
library and catch up on my Geography for a forthcoming exam. The library was
rather deserted and I took a place in the Geography aisle up the back of one of
the long stacks and sat on the floor, pulling the books I needed around myself.
I was deep in thought, reading when I heard a noise in the next aisle. Peering
through the gaps in the books I was surprised to find the new girl was in the
next aisle, pulling books from the shelf and placing them on the floor. I could
see that the books were anatomy titles and titles on sex and puberty. The girl
had a haunted look on her face and she looked around, unaware that I could see
her, before she spread her legs - hitching her short dress high.

I had a virtually instant hard on! I could see her panties and the shape of her
vulva beneath in intimate detail! She stared at her girlhood and grabbed her
panty covered mound in her hand. Her face had a look of grief and again she gave
a quiet scream as she felt her cunt, massaging her girlhood in her hand. I heard
her quietly say 'Why me?.... I hate this feeling! Ohh... Why? Why?....' as tears
began to leak from her eyes. She regained some composure and began to flick
through one of the books on sex education, until she had it open at a page that
had a drawing of a girl's genitals, both front on and in cross section. She
stared at the pictures with something close to lotheing on her face, then she
lifted her hips and began to pull her panties off, throwing them so that they
lodged in the bookshelf near me. I was thinking her behavious was bizarre, but I
was so turned on by the sight of this gorgeous girl and her strikingly female
private parts that I couldnt take my eyes off her.

Having removed her panties, she spread her legs again and this time I got an
amazingly intimate view of her vulva. I could see just how flat it was compared
to my own boys genitals. I could see the lips of her labia split her body from
near her arse to where her dick would have been - were she a boy. It was such an
amazingly sexual sight. As she parted her legs further I saw her vulva lips pull
apart and she shuddered as if in shock, giving a small gasp. 'I hate this!!! Oh
god I hate being a girl! I cant bear the feeling!' she quietly moaned. I was
shocked to hear these words. Why would such a gorgeous  girl say that? But then
I was glad that I had a dick, not a cunt between my legs!

She stared at the drawing of the girl's anatomy and then glanced between her own
legs. She grabbed her cunt again with one of her hands and began to trace a
finger up and down her labia lips, gasping and almost sobbing as she did. She
stared again at the drawings and her hand made a slow path down her slit to
where I guessed her vagina began. Her fingers were inside her lips and she had a
pained look of grief as one of her fingers actually pushed deeper inside -
actually inside her vagina. I had such a hard on, it was so amazing to watch and
I tried to imagine what it must have felt like for her to have a finger inside a
hole between her legs. Her finger began to slide in and out and I knew then that
she was going to masturbate! Soft moans escaped her lips and she began softly
talking again about how she hated her body, how she hated the sensations of her
cunt. Her hand began rubbing her vulva more frantically, she alternately
squeezed her flat mound, rubbed her vulva with the palm of her hand
(concentrating pressure near the front where I knew her clitoras was) and
occasionally she would dive a finger or three into her vagina. This bizarre
masturbation and behaviour continued for several minutes until she came. This
time she did scream more loudly 'God no!!! Please no!!! Ohhhh!! Its
swallowing!!! Please no!!!! I cant bear it!!!! Why? Why me!!! I hate this body!
I hate being a girl!' As a final gesture she closed her legs and grabbed her
breasts through her dress and seemed almost to be trying to pull them off! 'No!
no!!! theyre throbbing too! no!!! get off my body!!! get off!!!'

I was so turned on by the intimate show that I actually came myself! Despite the
girls bizarre talk and behaviour I was left breathless by the intimate show she
had put on. At that moment I heard a noise. It was the librarian calling out
'What's going on back there! whats all that noise!'. I heard footsteps
approaching and the new girl looked startled. She grabbed her panties and wiped
her wet cunt with the panties before hurriedly throwing them aside again. She
closed her legs, stood up and pulled her dress back down. She quickly pushed the
books into a pile then darted off down an aisle to disappear. The librarian was
walking down the aisl where ther girl was previously, still calling out 'Who's
there?'. I didnt want to get accused of making all that noise, so I got up as
well. Seeing the girls panties on the shelf, I pushed my hand through and
grabbed them, stuffing them into my pocket before I too fled.

I left the library and entered the school yard. I couldnt see the new girl
anywhere. Looking around I realised I had to go to the toilet, so I walked to
the nearest one and into a cubicle. The boys toilet was deserted. My dick was
still fairly large from my former errection, and it was still quite tingly and
aroused. I had trouble peeing as my dick was not flacid enough to aim correctly.
After peeing I was struck by a bizarre thought. I reached into my pocket and
pulled out the girls' panties. They were still damp with her orgasmic juices.
They were light blue bikini style cotton panties with the looped elastic edges.
They looked very sexy and I decided that I wanted to put them on! I unzipped and
dropped my pants and pulled my own underpants down. I unfurled the panties and
slipped one leg through one of the leg holes. I was having a bizarre kind of
fantasy - imagining that I was that girl, pulling panties on and trying to
imagine what it might feel like to be a girl, to have a vulva and no penis or
balls. Slipping my leg through the otherleg hole I watched as I pulled the
panties up my legs. They felt sensuous and erotic as they slid up my legs, they
crotch damp. I pulled them on and found they did not fit too well of course -
they were not designed to house the bulge of my balls or penis, especially my
quite errect penis. Closing my eyes I tried to imagine what it would be like to
be that girl, how her cunt would feel, how the sensation of these panties
cupping her girlhood would feel. I began to rub my penis shaft, then decided I
would take the fantasy further and pretend I was a girl, so I began to rub my
dick through the panties. I was so aroused at the thought of wearing this girls'
panties and at imagining myself to be a girl that I came very quickly. I had
rubbed myself so firmly that I actually abraded the skin away on my dick in one
place and it was quite sore to touch. The damp panties were quite soothing to
the abrasion however. I felt so strangely sexy in the panties that I decided to
leave them on, pulling my boys underpants up my legs and over the girls ones. I
had to do some pulling and placing of my dick and balls to get them to fit
within the panties. Pulling my trousers on, I smiled at the thought that I alone
would know I had panties on.

The rest of the day went quite quickly and, although I had to frequently adjust
my dick and balls to stop the confined space of the girls panties from causing
discomfort, I did enjoy the private fantasy. I did not see the girl again all
day, and I caught the bus home as usual. I was an only child and my dad usually
worked late, so I went to my room and spent another hour engaged in the same
apnty fantasy, masturbating twice and checking out myself in the panties from
various angles imagining myself to be a girl. After eating dinner with my dad
(with the panties still on), I went to my room to do my homework before going to
bed. For some reason I was beginning to feel tired and I recognized that feeling
as the one I normally got before I got the flu. Before going to bed I finally
snuck the panties off and began to feel foolish and annoyed at my bizarre sexual
fantasy. Deciding that I much preferred being a boy, I threw the panties in the
bottom of one of my drawers and decided to leave them there!

That night was a shocker! I began feeling quite ill with night shakes and the
sore-in-the-bones feeling that you get with full blown flu. My head ached and
felt sick inside. I got up several times to take large quantities of pain
killer. What little sleep I had was insufficient to prevent me feling terrible
and exhausted in the morning. My dad checked in on me and declaring me to 'look
like shit', told me to stay home. At the time I thought that this was the worst
flu I had ever had and it lasted for a full 4 days of pain and misery! By day 5
I was feeling better and, although I stayed indoors, I at least did not feel
like I was dying any more. By day six I was well enough to have some mates over
and we played nintento for much of the day.

The next day was another monday, and it was back to school. I felt mostly fine
but still a bit weak. One good things was that I saw the new girl again and this
time managed to work up the courage to say hello. She seemed shy and quite
standoffish, yet she did tell me her name... Fiona. She seemed very self
concious, frequently staring down at her breasts and straightening her dress
often in a nervous way. I was of course undressing her with my eyes, remembering
vividly her masturbation in the library, her curvaceous bald cunt and her
bizarre comments about her body. The bell rang and I said goodbye and left for
class. The day went in a rush, and I was still feeling tired from my illness.
Going home that afternoon I went to my room with the intention of getting out
Fiona's panties again. My dad was not home yet, so I was alone. I stripped and
pulled the panties out from the drawer. Seeing them again made my penis begin to
tingle, and as I pulled it up my legs the tingling grew. I was feeling quite
hot, but strangely my penis did not begin to engorge. I felt hot and horny, yet
my dick just stayed limp! It was very alarming and frustrating. Despite my lack
of errection I was stil able to achieve an orgasm by rubbing my flaccid dick
through the panties. It was a very strange orgasm, it did not feel right
somehow, yet it was very powerful and for some reason my small nipples also
began to tingle as I approached and reached orgasm. Touching my flaccid penis
through the fabric I could much more easily imagine being a girl with no dick as
I came. The tingling of my nipples was quite erotic but completely alien to me.
My inability to get an errection was even stranger. I pulled the panties down
and examined my dick and balls. I noticed then that they were hairless! My
sparse pubic hair was gone! I guessed that it must have been some temporary side
effect of my bad flu and so put the though aside and got on with my homework.

After my dad came home we ate and watched tv. I wanted to ask him about my
errection but was too embarrased so I went to bed early and fell asleap. The
next morning I woke early, still feeling strange. My stomach was a bit tender to
touch and when I tried to get my cock erect I found it would not cooperate. I
went to the bathroom and started the shower, what I needed was a good hot wash.
I stood under the shower and began to wash, first my arms then my legs, moving
up with the soap I lathered up my dick. It tingled in a strange way and as I
touched it I felt my nipples tingle again. It was such a strange feeling that my
hands moved up to my chest and touched them. What I found chilled me to the
bone! Beneath my nipples I could feel small lumps, about the size of a small
date. My first thought was of cancer! I knew that breast cancer was uncommon but
not heard of in boys, so I became instantly worried. I got out of the shower and
dried off then went to tell my dad what I had found. He too looked worried and
said we would go to the doctor straight away.

I dressed and we got in dads car and headed for my local doctor. I was very
nervous as we waited and then even more so as my name was called out. The doctor
asked what was wrong and I told him I found two lumps, one under each nipple.
Taking my shirt off he felt the lumps making 'Hmmmmm' kind of sounds as he did
so. He then asked if there was anything else wrong with me, any other symptoms.
I looked sheepishly at my dad and then told him that I couldnt get an erection
any more, and that my pubic hair had fallen out. The doctor seemed to pay much
more attention now, in fact he even looked a bit worried, which did not help how
I was feeling. He then asked me if I had been sick recently and I told him that
I had been very sick with the flu last week. The doctor then said he would need
to take a blood sample and asked us to come back the next day. He offered no
explanation as to my condition before we left, saying that the tests were better
than speculation.

That day I stayed home, feeling worried and half heartedly watching tv. My
nipples and the lumps beneath were actually sore, and I had this strange tingly
feeling in my dick and balls. My stomach was still tender and felt like it was
churning inside. Even my skin felt weird, my face was feeling strange to touch.
I kept looking at the horrid lumps, touching them and praying I did not have
cancer. I also looked frequently at my dick and balls, the strange tingling was
very off putting. I could have sworn that the lumps were getting bigger...

At 3 Oclock my dad called and said that the doctor wanted to see me. He swung
past to pick me up and I began getting really worried. I sat in silence as we
drove and when we arrived the doctor took me in straignt away. He had an odd
expression as he asked me and my dad to sit down.

'The tests have confirmed my suspicions, and I need to tell you what we have
found' he said

'Have I got cancer! Am I going to die!' I blurted out...

The doctor looked at me with sympathetic eyes before saying 'no - you dont have
cancer... In fact what you do have could well have you living a longer life than
you would have before.... I need you to be brave however, your life is about to
change'

I gasped and said 'what is wrong!'

'That flu you had recently was not flu.. It was a very rare virus that some
suspect was man made called the X-Virus. It only affects males. The virus is a
viral form of the human X Chromosome... When the virus invades a male body it
enters a cell and destroys the Y Chromosome, replacing it with an X Chromosome
from the virus... It then makes 2 copies and leaves the cell without killing the
cell. Its called a retrovirus, it basically reprograms your cells...' the doctor
said leaving his words hanging in the air...

'What do you mean?' said my dad 'my son's cells are now XX, not Xy?'

'Exactly... your son now has female cells, and those lumps on Stevens chest are
in fact forming breasts.'

'No!' I yelled 'Well give me something! I dont want breasts!'

'I am sorry, there is nothing to give you... your body is following its
programming. I hate to tell you this, but your changes wont just be limited to
growing breasts'

'What!' I said shell-shocked

'Do you mean to say that my son is going to become.... a....'

'Girl...' said the doctor

'No! You cant be serious, I dont want to be a girl! I dont want a cunt! Please!
do something!' I screetched

'I am sorry Steven, but so far no patient has failed to change, you will have to
get used to it, you are going to become a girl, you are going to loose your
penis and scrotum and you are going to grow a vulva, a vagina and breasts' the
doctor said slowly

I just broke down and cried, thinking of that girl from school and suddenly
connecting the horrific dots. The girl from school was also a victim to the
X-Virus. She was so lothing of her body because she was previously a boy, and
she hated her breasts and her cunt!

How could this happen to me I wondered? Then it dawned on me! Her panties! Those
panties that I pulled on must have had the virus in the dampness that came from
her cunt! I infected myself when I pretended to be a girl... Now I would know
first hand what it felt like to have a flat-lipped void between my legs. I was
shuddering at the thought that I would soon be able to feel a slit between my
legs and even stick my finger inside a vagina between my own legs. The shock was
too much, and so I passed out.

I woke up and found I was back in my dads car, slumped in my seat. I was in deep
shock, trembling with the news I had just been given. I cast an eye towards my
chest where I could see two puffy litle lumps pushing my t-shirt out where my
breasts were growing. My dad said 'what a shock.... how are you coping?'

I began to cry again and began blubbing that I didnt want to become a girl. I
told him what had happened at the library and even about the discarded panties
from the girl who I had watched in the library and how I thought that I had
caught the virus from the fluid on those panties. I told him how the girl seemed
to hate her body and genitals, and that I thought that was because she had
become a girl herself. 'She hated her body dad! I think I will hate being a girl
too!' I sobbed

'Why? Half of the world is female, it cant be that bad' Dad said plaintively

'No dad! Imagine loosing your cock, your balls! It must feel so flat between
your legs, so empty! Why else would there be penis envy! What about breasts, so
big and heavy, everyone stares at them, they bounce around when girls run! What
about periods! Oh god! What about pregnancy - giving birth! Oh dad please do
something!... That girl... when she stuck a finger inside herself! You should
have seen the look on her face - it was horror! THAT WILL BE ME!!!!!' I screamed
at him

After that we both sat in silence, me in shock, taking note of all the
sensations I was feeling and feeling very sad and angry. My dad said nothing,
but I could tell he was very upset for me. As we drove I noticed every billboard
and news stand that we passed - many of them had photos of girls in bikinis,
their curvaceous crotches so obviously advertising the shape of their genitals.
I grabbed between my own legs in a pathetic act of protection, grabbing my cock
and balls. They felt smaller in my hands than I remembered and so I began to cry
again. My cock was still tingling and my forming breasts were sore and
occasionally throbbing. I felt like I was in a nightmare. As we got out of the
car, my dad told me we were to see a specialist doctor in the morning.

We got home and I just went to my room. I pulled out the damned panties that had
done this thing to me and I threw them so far back in my wardrobe that they
disappeared. I was feeling tired and very sorry for myself, so I lay down on my
bed and before I knew it I was asleap.

I woke and it was morning. My father must have put the sheets over me and I got
the shock of my life when my eyes dropped to my chest to see the sheets pushed
up by two much larger mounds - perhaps the size of mandarins. I screamed, sat
bold upright and grabbed the mounds. 'Oh god no!!! Ive got breasts!!!
Nooooo!!!!' Iwailed as I felt their sheer bulk in my hands and felt their much
greater weight on my chest. I began to get an inkling as to what real breasts
must feel like - yet these were nothing like their final size yet. Already they
dominated my chest. They felt so wrong! So horribly wrong, yet they also felt so
sexual. This dramatic change in my body was absolutely shocking to me and I
began to scream for my father.

My dad burst into the room and his jaw dropped as he saw my breasts. 'Oh my god!
- so fast!' he simply said.

'Help me dad! Please! I cant bear the feeling, they feel big already, theyre
still growing! I dont want them to grow any more! They are so female!!! Please
dad, I dont want to be a girl! Im a boy! Im a boy!!!' I cried

The sheer pace of the changes was astounding. My father reminded me that we had
an appointment with a doctor that morning who was a specialist on the X-Virus.
So in a daze I pulled a shirt on and I winced with disbelief with every step as
my growing breasts wobbled and jiggled upon my chest. I went to the toilet and
gasped as I went to pee... My penis was smaller again than yesterday. My balls
were shrinking and my scrotum skin was much taughter and thicker. I broke down
again and cried as I pondered my fate.

After breakfast we left. A mate of mine saw me and began to run over to the car.
I sat in my seat with my arms desperately trying to hide my breasts as he leaned
in to say hello. 'Sorry brad - got to go!' was all I said and as he turned I was
sure he noticed the bulges in my shirt front. I saw him look twice and a shocked
kind of look appeared on his face.

The drive was horrible - every bump wobbled my hated breast mounds and all I
could think of was the shrinking of my penis. We arrived at the specialists
office who, my dad said, held this special clinic once a week. We walked in and
I was confronted by four other people, one a young woman who was trembling, a
girl about my age in a dress and her mother, a boy of about 12 and another of
about my age who also had breasts. I guessed the young woman was recently a
young man who had changed fully. The girl of about my age engaged my eyes and
said 'those new?' referring to my breasts

'Yes... I hate them!' I said in return. She gave me a sad kind of smile and
spread her legs deliberately so I could see her crotch. She was wearing panties
and her crotch looked very very female, down to the slight indent of her labia
that a crease in the panties indicated.

'Nothing can prepare you for this!' she said 'My dick... its gone... I'm almost
a girl! Its so flat! You cant imagine the sensation! I began to change just 2
weeks ago!.... Yesterday my penis finally disappeared, and last night this
fucking slit grew! I hate it! Its so flat! So female, so curvaceous!' and then
she suddenly screeched, grabbed her mound and yelled at her mother 'Its growing
inside! Ahhhh no please help me!!!'

Her mother looked at me and my shocked dad and simply said 'The last stage....
My son is growing a vagina... Aparently it is the worst part - doctor says you
feel like your body is being invaded as it grows from the front to meet the new
female internal organs....'

The girl was screaming now and the doctor came out and whisked them away. I
began to cry again, thinking of the feeling between my own legs. The young woman
in the waiting room began to cry and spread her legs, cupping her own mound with
her hand then looking up at us all. 'I changed finally last week.... Im a girl
now... I... I hate how it feels! Ive had so much counselling - but I just cant
get over the loss... My poor penis! This thing...' (she stared sadly at her
curved genital mound) 'its not mine! I cant believe I am actually feeling a
vulva between my own legs! So flat! So invasive... like a mouth and a throat
between your legs!' And she began to sob again. I was shocked yet again,
thinking about what she had said - how she felt... How could I possibly be any
happier about my sex change? I doubted that I would.

We heard the 'girl' whose vagina was forming moaning and panting in distance. It
almost sounded like she was giving birth. I couldnt bear just sitting there, I
had to see what 'she' was finding so distressing - what I could expect. So I got
up and ran to the room where the changing girl was. Opening the door I saw her,
nude on an examination bed, with her legs wide apart and a completely female
groin pushed high in the air as she bucked her hips. I could see the lips of her
vulva, the round curvaceous look of her groin so clearly.

'Ahhhhh god please!!! Its pushing inside me!!!! No!!!!' she screamed and bucked
her hips whilst staring in fear between her legs. She was growing a vagina!. The
doctor was just holding this girls hand and occasionally looking between her
legs so see the progress. The mother sat in a chair looking shocked and silent.
The girls moaning became faster and faster and she began panting as she writhed,
I saw her wrists were bound with velcro to stop her hurting herself. She pulled
at the restraints and one hand came free, which flew to grab her cunt. She
touched her labia, pushed a finger between her lips and then screamed a piteous
wail as she pushed a finger into her newly formed vagina for the first time...
In shock she passed out and slumped, still, presumably now a fully formed girl.

From my position at the door I became light headed with shock and fear and I too
passed out. I awoke some time later to see my dad and the doctor. I was inside
the same room and the other poor girl, whose vagina had just formed, was gone. I
sat upright and the doctor looked at me and said 'how do you feel?'

'How do you think! Im be coming a girl for fucks sake!.... Is that what will
happen to me?' I said, referring to the last girl's horrendous sex change.

'Probably... Thats the worst part most patients say.... Its the most confronting
thats for sure... growing a passage that never existed between your legs...' the
doctor said 'Before you ask - no there is no way to prevent it happening. But I
must tell you this... Plenty of patients have adjusted to their new bodies...
Some have come to enjoy their new bodies... There are many great things about
being a girl....'

'How can you say that!' I screamed 'You dont have bloody breasts! You arent the
one whose dick is shrinking! You're not the one who will end up with a flat
mouth between your legs!'

'I know' said the doctor 'But I can help you adjust... Its a confronting time,
and the best research shows that you would be best advised not trying to pretend
it isnt happening... If you accept it you will be far better off and make the
adjustment sooner...'

'What do you mean?' asked my father

'You are just days away from being a true anatomical girl.... You need to start
dressing like a girl for a start, you need to wear a dress and you need to wear
girls underwear... its all psycological, but like it or not, you are going to be
a girl - you may as well accept that now' said the doctor

As the doctor spoke, I began to feel dizzy again. My groin was throbbing,
tingling... changing. I was almost unconcious from shock as I felt the doctor
lift me onto the examination bed saying something about examining me. I was sure
I was not unconcious for long, but I awoke on the bed with my top off, my hated
breasts ripe and nude on my chest and my legs spread wide... The doctor was
looking at and touching my dick!.... '50% reduction already I would guess' he
said looking at my dad 'See the ball sack is thickening up... This will become
the labia, it will begin to split open once the penis and balls are fully
absorbed....'

'Cant you do something?' my dad said. 'He is so afraid of becoming a girl... he
told me about this girl at school who must have been a boy... how she hated her
new body... her... you know... the feeling of her...'

'vulva?' said the doctor

'yes' said my dad. 'I cant imaging what it would be like... I mean I love women
and girls... but could you imagine being one? The sensation of breasts and
vulva?....Loosing your manhood? Growing breasts?'

I could hear the men clearly, but I was too upset to let them know I was awake.
The doctor grabbed an ultrasound scanner and began to rub it over my abdomen. I
peered through my slit eyes as the doctor gave a chilling comentary. 'Yes they
are quite well formed now... see this?' he said pointing to some organ on the
screen. 'That is the ovaries, and that there is the womb... that dark spot is
the cervix... when the vagina forms, that is what it connects to... There's
something else you need to know... Your sons changing body is absolutely flooded
with female hormones... They have the effect of making the patient very
emotional... Lots of crying and self doubt, this can continue for months...
Until they finally accept being female. There will be body hatred, penis envy of
a most major kind... And massive frustration and angst involving the hatred of
this female body and the enormous sexual pleasure it will provide... Rest
assured that female orgasms are far more powerful than ours... In the beginning
the sex changed boys hate the experience, but in time they come to appreciate
it...'

I sat up and the men stopped their conversation. I looked down at my swelling
breasts and grabbed them in my hands. I hated them! I wanted them off my body! I
began to pull at them 'Get off... cut them off me!!! Please! I hate them!!' and
again I broke down crying. My eyes then dropped to my crotch and I saw my
cock... It was obviously smaller again! I grabbed it with a trembling hand and
passed out in shock.

When I woke up I was again in my dads car. We drove home in silence. My penis
and balls ached as did my insides. I tried to not think about the alien organs
that were growing inside me. When we got home I jumped out of the car and ran to
my room, whiumpering at each bounce of my breasts as I ran. I rummaged through
my wardrobe and found the damned girls panties that had infected me with the
X-Virus. I stripped my clothes off and stared in slack-jawed disbelief at the
mirror. My reflection looked to female! My ripe breasts looked so huge, my poor
fading penis and balls hung limply and shockingly smaller between my legs. The
curve of my stomach and groin was unmistakably girl.... I screamed and pulled
the panties up my legs. As the panties approached my groin, I remembered my
bizarre fantasy of the other week when I pretended to be a girl... Seeing my
penis and balls so reduced in size, and the approaching panty gusset... It
almost felt like the panties were coming in for the kill... I shuddered as they
touched down on my skin and I felt so shocked at just how little the panties
were puffed out by my manhood.... Compared to two days ago, it felt like there
was hardly a bulge at all in them... I stared in the mirror at my growing
breasts... They had grown during the day and were now the size of half oranges -
not full grown but certainly far more breasts than mere lumps. I cupped them in
my hands and I could feel their weight - ample and so sexual, my nipples grown
in size to twice the size of earlier in the day, the areoles also. I looked in
the mirror and had trouble resolving the image it reflected... I saw a girlish
figure, like a half formed tomboy... Small bare breasts, panties that did not
hug the bulge of a boy's genitals nor cup the flat roundness of a girl. It
looked bizarre, yet shockingly I realized that I would soon know exactly how a
girl looked and felt from every angle.

Just then there was a knock on the door. 'Who is it!?' I called out, my voice
jumping an octave at the end.

'Its brad! Youre acting so weird! Can I come in?' he said

'Wait!' I yelled as I jumped into bed and pulled my doona up to cover my body

Brad entered my room and said 'you sick again? why are you in bed?...' he walked
over and sat down on my bed. He looked at me and said 'you look different...
your face is softer... that flu made you look soft like a girl!' he joked

That was too much for me. 'I am sick!' I said - my voice still higher, sounding
like a girl.

'What the hell is wrong man!' Brad said

'Im changing! into something... I dont want to be....' I said, choking off my
tears. Brad looked strangely at me and an impulse grabbed me. I pulled the doona
down and revealed my growing breasts. Brad almost died of shock.

'What the hell!' he said 'Youre... youre....?'

'Becoming a girl' I screamed at him 'Im loosing my cock, my balls... Im going to
have a cunt! A mouth between my legs! I hate it!!! I cant bear the feeling of
these breasts... But there is nothing they can do!'

Brad looked shocked and sat there as I told him the whole impossoble story. At
the end of it he said 'Wow... I dont even know what to say... I love touching
the girls.... But being one.... I dont know how I would cope.... Tell me, that
virus you caught, what makes you think you arent contagious now?'

'I dont know... that girl at school still was, and she had fully changed... I
hadnt thought about it... I guess I must be!' I said

Brad stood up and said 'Sorry... This is way too heavy... I sure feel sorry for
you, but I sure dont want that to happen to me!' as he pointed at my breasts.
And with that he left.

I cried myself to sleep.

In the morning I was almost afraid to awake. Without moving I tried to sense the
changes in my body. My breasts were immediately obvious - their sheer weight and
sexual presence was unmistakeable. Like some alien presence they inhabited my
chest and when I sat up they pulled down with the full weight of gravity. I
screamed! They felt huge, heavy and they swelled like two grapefruit from my
chest. I grabbed them, feeling their soft yet firm flesh and hating their
presence and sensation to my core. I now had full sized breasts! I was screaming
out 'Help me! No! Please no! Ive grown breasts! Full breasts! They're so fucking
big! So female!!! No!!!! Dad!!! Help me please!!! I dont want to be a girl!!!
Not a girl!!! Im not a girl!!!' And I broke down sobbing... My breasts jiggled
as I sobbed, wobbling in my hands. As I cupped them I also, against my will, I
felt an electric sensation of arousal in them. My nipples swelled - making me
scream again at the horrifically alien sensation. I also felt such an odd
feeling between my legs. I stopped worrying about my breasts and threw the bed
covers aside to see what had happened between my legs.

The first sight that struck me were the girls panties that I had fallen asleep
in last night. They hug my changing form giving shocking visual clues to state
of my genitals beneath! No longer did the girls panties have trouble containing
and covering the bulge of my manhood. Instead I saw a pathetic bulge and noticed
that my hips seemed wider as well. My shaking hands grabbed my mound and I felt
the remnants of my dick beneath the fabric. My dick was tiny! My balls were
gone, my sack empty yet thicker skinned. As I pulled the panties from my body to
see my genitals first hand, my dad walked in.

'Oh... my... god...' he said

'Theyre going! my dick! Oh dad... no!!!!' I screamed at him whilst we both
stared at the bizarely transforming sex organs between my legs. My penis was no
more than 3cm long, its head shape changing and becoming more clitoral. My
urinal hole was no longer on the end of my penis tip, but rather had migrated
half way down the shaft as it prepared to become a separate uretha. My ball sack
was utterly empty as a feel with my trembling hands confirmed. The skin was
thicker already and had a notch nearer its end that I shockingly realised was
the beginning of my forming labia - probably the very place where my forming
vulva would start to split open. I began screaming again as I touched my
genitals, cupping them in my hand and imagining the sickening conclusion of my
transformation between my legs - a vulva - in my hands. Sick with grief and with
loss, I passed out.

My dad had taken time off work and had gone to the shops to buy the clothes that
the doctor said I must now accept I had to wear. He was crying also as he walked
into my room and told me he had bought dresses, panties, bras and other girls
clothes. I was lying in my bed, exhausted by the toll of my body's reformation -
numb with the constant shrinking sensation between my legs. When my father left
I went to the pile of clothes and for some reason rummaged through the panties,
choosing some white holeproof fibs. I stared at the photo of the girl on the
cover - pulled the panties on and began to shake as I saw the panties looked
almost as girl-like on me as they did on the photo of the teenager on the panty
packet. I cupped my utterly flat mound and began to cry again. I went to the
toilet and realised that I had no way of aiming my almost-absorbed penis and I
had to sit like a girl, with panties at my knees, as I urinated. Walking in a
daze back to my deb I fell asleep again.	

When I woke in the morning I felt dread. I threw the covers aside and gasped as
I saw between my legs. I still wore the white cotton panties, but they covered a
crotch that had no discernable bulge. It was completely curvaceously female to
look at. I screamed and grabbed it in my hand, depserately feeling the space in
my trembling hand. My dick had gone! My balls were gone! It was utterly flat
between my legs! I squeezed my hated mound and began to scream again. Pulling my
panties aside I saw a bald flatness between my legs. No slit had yet opened, yet
I could see a small hole that must be my ureatha, and a distinct crease in the
thicker skin of my hairless mound nearer my arse. It was such a shock! I had
actually lost my cock and balls completely. I was no longer a boy. I rubbed the
flat space, a piteous and extremely female wail escaping my lips as I mourned
the final loss of my dick. Strangely the rubbing of the flatness was erotic and
I felt a strange heat in the place where my penis would have joined my body.
Looking at the spot I could see a tiny welling up beneath the surface that I
knew would be my newly forming clitoras. Despite my revulsion at touching the
devestated groin, I could not stop rubbing the void, a makeshift masturbation of
the demasculated void. I felt my hated breasts throbbing and soon came - the
orgasm was alien, nether male nor female, yet I felt the deep contractions of
some foul and female internal organ as my girl's pelvic floor unleashed orgasmic
contractions within my abdominal cavity for the first time. I could barely
belive it. The orgasm lasted for ages and had me panting and sobbing, begging
for the sensation to stop, for my simple male orgasm to return. It did not. And
so my changed continued, having reached the point of no return. I was a mess, so
tired and so desperately sad. I cried myself to sleep.  

I woke up some time later and immediately sensed something was very wrong. I
grabbed my crotch and the flat mound filled my hand. I had not gotten over the
shock of the emptyness between my legs and expected to feel the same when I felt
my middle finger sink into a slit! I had a slit! Labia! A vulva! I pulled my
panties off and began hyperventiallating as I saw what looked exactly like a
cunt between my legs. My dad ran into the room and stared between my legs saying
'Oh my god!' as he stared at my girlhood.

'Dad! Please tell me this isnt real!' I begged him 'It feels to flat! My balls,
my dick! Oh god no!!! Im a girl!!! Please not this!!!!'

My frantic hand was roaming all over my new cunt, feeling the flatness where my
dick used to be - my hated girls mouth began in the same place and touching that
space I could feel what I shockingly knew to be a clitoras, just inside the
start of my cunt lips. I felt futher down the slit and found that there was no
vagina hole yet. It was a strange yet haunting kind of relief.. Yet I knew that
I would soon have one of those horrifically alien passages between my legs also.
My dad just stood there and said 'what can I do?'

'Help me!!! please... Aaaaahhhhh!!!' I screamed as I felt another horrific
sensation. Right in the middle of my newly formed labia, I could feel a pushing
sensation. It actually hurt and I began to buck my hips involuntarily as I tried
to relieve the chilling sensation. Deep in my core I knew it was my vagina
beginning to form, to push inside me from within the desolately flat folds of my
hated new vulva. I began to pant and screamed for my dad to stop it from
happening... I felt like I was giving birth in reverse. Wave after wave of
fierce cramping rocked my abdomen and after each wave I could sense the vagina
had pushed further in me. I grabbed my mound and desperately felt the space in
my slit that the vagina had originated. While cupping this void where my cock
once was, my index finger slipped into my new slit. I shuddered at the sensation
but the need to know what the invasive feeling of my growing vagina actually
meant forced me to probe the folds. I felt a passage about 1cm deep where I knew
my vagina would untimately be! The final part of my transformation had begun.

I was nearly hysterical, begging my father to phone the doctor - do anything to
stop me from becomming a fully fledged girl. I screamed at him that I was being
raped, and in a way I was. Whilst any girl subject to the trauma of a rape is
ultimately feeling a sex organ thrust into their body without consent - this was
precisely what was happening to me! But far worse than a penis, which would
ultimately leave the rape victims body, my body was being sexually invaded in a
far more dramatic and permanent way. A vagina was forcing its way into my body!
Yet this rape was more fundamental, more horrific... This invading sex organ was
inegrating itself into me, becoming part of me, it thrust inside me against my
will and yet it would not just slid out of me like a rapists spent cock. It
would remain, a foreign sexual passage that I could already feel would be far
from passive. Each wave of vaginal growth filled me with a hybrid of pain and
fear at the sensation I was experiencing. My vagina was highly sensitive - I
could feel it within me, sense its presence, it felt like a throat between my
legs that came from my newly formed vulva mouth. It took perhaps an hour of hell
for my vagina to finish invading my body. My father was a mess and I was
inconsoleable, feeling a violation beyond belief, having experienced a rape of
my formerly male body by my own vagina. The violent transformation and my
hysterical bucking of hips and pathetic cupping of my changing sex organs left
me weak and sobbing. My father couldnt bear it any more and had to leave the
room to let me grieve over my final loss of manhood.

Lying on my bed with a bald cunt between my legs I screamed at the injustice of
the universe and grabbed the foul organ in my hand. Its sheed flatness was
shocking to me. My finger shockingly slid inside! I could feel my own finger
inside my body! I could feel lips mould around my finger, my lips and new vagina
intimatelty felt the finger as well. I began a piteous wail. My labia lips were
so sensitive! My vagina so sexually tingly that despite my hate and revulsion at
the utterly female sensations I was experiencing, I could not help but begin to
slide my finger in and out of my hole. I began to gasp and let out quiet screams
as I began to finger fuck myself. Whereas my growing vagina had effectively
raped me as it invaded my neutered groin, I now compounded rape upon rape by
finger fucking myself - my own fingers utterly unwelcomem in the sexual passage
that was also unwelcome between my legs. I was in a sexual hell, yet my frantic
hand continued to probe and massage the foul organ betwen my legs. Occasionally
the hand would slide up to massage the pathetic clitoras, remnants of my penis
stump, at the start of my slit... Finally I felt the beginnings of my first
girls orgasm. Whilst remembering the look of sorrow, release and hate on Fiona's
face in the library, I too came as a girl.

The experience was so confronting. My vagina throbbed and swallowed! My clitoras
sent wave after wave of sexual electricity through my body, my girls lips
tingled, my breasts throbbed in time with my orgasmic contractions. It was
fantastic yet horrific at the same time. Screaming whilst I came as a girl for
the first time I realisewd my life had now changed irreversably. I now had a
girls body and would have for the rest of my life. The only time I would ever
experience a penis between my legs now, would be inside my own vagina. I hated
the feeling between my legs, I hated the invasive emptyness of my cunt. I hated
the ripe and heavy sensation of my breasts. I hated being a girl.



To be continued....




The X-Virus - Part 2
By Lisa James

Finding myself in a girls body was shockingly confronting. Days ago I was a red
blooded teenage boy with a major interest in all things female. I used to
fantisize about touching girls in their flat, mouth-like genitals, groping their
breasts and thrusting my cock into their vagina's. Now I could touch a vulva at
will - experience the girls sensations directly. I knew that girls my age were
wondering what a penis felt like, both inserted into their sex organs, in their
hands and as genitals between their legs. I glanced between my own legs and saw
a sexual flatness that was my vulva. There was no bulge, no engorged penis
stretching the fabric of my underpants as my now-absorbed penis used to do when
I felt aroused (and I did feel aroused). Instead I saw some panties clinging to
a rounded mound, hugging my now demasculated form and sinking into my labia
folds where my girlish roundness gave way to the mouth between my legs. I hated
the sensation of my new vulva. It felt so empty, so flat, so invasive. I cupped
my vulva, and where my hand would previously have been filled with an engorging
male member, I now felt the mouth-like organ that was my vulva. Squeezing the
mound I felt the pressure on my new clitoras, and I shuddered at the thought
that this pea-sized organ was all that remained of my poor penis. Yet tiny
though it was, it still infused my body with a heat that was every bit as
intense as my penis ever managed. I was angry with my body for changing into
this alien sexuality of my girls body. I became more angry and began to squeeze
my cunt with a kind of lothing hatred. The pressure made my sexual tension rise
another notch, and again I felt the most horrible sensation, my fingers slipping
into the slit betwen my legs and pushing inside me. My vulva was feeling even
more sexual and I felt my vagina begin to ooze sexual wetness into my panties.
It was a sexual nightmare - yet I could not help myself. I began to masturbate
my girlhood again, alternately crying at the personal horror of my loss of
manhood, and strangely enjoying the deep sexual sensations that my cunt drove
into my body. My curiosity again forced my frantic roaming fingers to rub my
clitoras and occasionally feel the length of my labia and plunge into my vagina.
Each time I entered my vagina I quietly screamed at the injustice of my
circumstance, but I also felt a wave of sexual heat assail me, causing my
breasts and clitoras to surge with electricity. I could barely believe that I
had a vagina, that I could feel my own fingers inside my body in this most
private of female accessories. I could feel the ribbed texture of the vaginal
passage and was shocked at how deeply I could thrust my fingers. The sensation
of my girl-mouth, my labia spreading and encircling my invading hand and fingers
was also shockingly confronting - I could feel them stretching as I forced the
opening further apart as I pushed more fingers into my hole, more of my hand. My
vagina seemed to more easily cope with the stretching than my labia, which felt
almost unfomfortable. For one moment I imagined what giving birth to a far
larger object would be like... Shuddering I withdrew my hand and continued to
probe my folds, my vagina and my clitoras with increasing vigor as I started to
climax. One of the most sexual, yet traumatic actions I found was simply running
my flatened hand from my stomach, down to the mound where my penis used to be
and further to cup and massage my whole vulva in the palm of my hand. It was
such a graphic and sense reminder of my girlhood, yet the tingling massage of
the action brought me ever closer to orgasm. Again I came as a girl, feeling
wetness cover my fingers and feeling that swallowing sensation of my coming
vagina, the throbbing clitoras and the paired tingling in my breasts. My vagina
spewed even more liquid out as I came! The orgasms were undoubtedly better, but
I hated the graphic way in which they reminded me of my genital flatness, my
huge obtrusive breasts and the intrusive nature of my vagina. I may have been
enjoying more intense orgasms as a girl, but I was not ready to accept being a
girl. I collapsed, cupping my vulva, crying when my dad walked in.

He stared at me, prostrate on the bed - the very picture of female sexuality. I
screamed at him 'I'm a girl! Please help me! I dont want to be a girl! You have
to help me get back my dick... please dad please!!! I hate how this thing feels
- so flat... its so invasive!!'. My voice was higher now and had the timbre of a
girl, and just hearing it made me even more angry and frustrated.

He walked over to me and covered me up with a bedsheet. He held my hand and with
kind but sad eyes told me 'You know I cant do that - the doctor said its
irreversable.. I am so sorry. But I will help you adjust. Right now I cant even
imagine what you are experiencing.. But I do know that as a girl, you can have a
fantastic life - you may even come to accept and maybe even enjoy that body...'

'No dad... no... its not my body... Im a boy... Im not meant to be a girl...' I
said as I cried myself to sleep holding his hand

When I woke up it was still night time. In the dim light I could see my breasts
pushing the sheets up, and casting my eyes down I could see where the sheets
fell into that depressed triangle between my legs. Just weeks ago I would have
noticed a bulge pushing the sheets up in the same space between my legs - but of
course, now I was a girl I had no such bulge... I began thinking about my new
body and despite still feeling a deep hatred for it, my curiosity was aroused. I
got out of bed and turned on my light and gasped to see the reflection of a pert
young teenage girl in the mirror with ripe breasts, lovely curves and the most
curvaceously female crotch. I could scarecly believe this was me - even my hair
had grown and my face had soft girlish curves to it.

I turned to face the mirror and stared at this alien body before me. From my
flat stomach my eyes fell to my crotch again and I noticed the gentle curve as
my new vulva began and curved down and in between my legs. I could clearly see
the cleft of the start of my vulva lips, slightly puffy and currently closed. At
he start of these lips I could see the tiniest of protrusions poking between the
labia - my clitoras - the tiny remnants of my former penis. My legs were slim
and even with them together, there was a gap at the top of my legs where my
vulva was exposed from front to back. I cant desribe my mental state, part
arousal, part shock and part curiousity as I watched my body. I sat in front of
the mirror and spread my legs wide, shuddering at the sensation of my vulva lips
parting when I had spread them past half way. I pushed my hips forward and
stared at the female sex organ reflected in the mirror. It was so confrontingly
female that I could hardly believe it was my body being reflected. Were it not
for the fact that I intimately felt the vulva being reflected, I would not have
believed it. Yet I could feel the lips, sense the flatness, feel the vagina
inside me and its entrance between the lips of my vulva. I could feel the weight
and bulk of my breasts. As I watched my body in the mirror, taking note of how
the labia began and ended, the length of my slit and the shape overall. As a boy
I had a limited knowledge of female sex organs, remembering when I was a young
boy how I used to just think girls simply had flatness between their legs. Later
of course I saw the occasional young girl nude down the beach and tried to
resolve what this little cleft was at the front of their pubic mounds. I knew
then that girls had some sort of opening there, but did not realize that it was
a slit. I saw many girls spread their legs with panties on and had many mental
images of the shape of the organ that the panties covered, and I was never 100%
clear on exactly how the actual vulva looked, how it made its various curves in
the panties, where the opening started and ended - until I was quite a bit
older. Of course as a teenager I had seen quite a few girly magazines and had
spied on a many a girl down the beach, and only a month back I had actually
cupped a girl's vulva in a game of truth or dare at a party, finding it
amazingly different to my penis. Yet I still had not quite finalized my
impression of what a vulva actually looked like from all angles. Now of course I
knew first hand, and my shocking education was based on study of my very own
vulva.

I then began to think about what having a vulva and vagina also meant... Penis
envy? Less physical strength. Lower pay. Invasive sex! Imagining a penis
inserted into my own body, my lips stretching and moulding around the shaft as
it penetrated my passage! Periods! A child forcing my lips apart from the inside
while I screamed in agony. The possibility of rape! I started to shake again as
the enormity of the change to my body again sunk in.

I remembered fiona, the girl whose X-Virus I had caught, staring at her nude
genitals in the library. I then remembered I had my own book on the human body.
I reached out to my book case, pulled it over and opened in to the section on
the female body. There in horendous detail was a cross section through a girl's
pelvis. I could see the anatomical details of my new genitals. The flat exterior
presented by my vulva was just the start of my female sexuality. The vast
majority of my girlhood was internal, from my vaginal passage to the
reproductive organs that lay under my flat stomach. I grabbed my mound and
whimpered again as I traced each of the items I could touch and see on the cross
section, resolving its shape, feel and location on my body with the graphic
image in the book. I could touch and see my poor tiny clitoras, feel the shape
and length and depth of my vulva slit, my labia lips (both outer and the much
smaller inner lips). But the most horrible item to resolve was again my vagina,
and I probed its entrance and then began to force a trembling few fingers deeper
inside to try to trace its path with the one on the cross-section. It was sexual
horror to me.

I flicked the page and saw a male cross secion, and glancing between my legs I
again tried to resolve what had become of each of my former male body parts.
Trying to will them back in existence. I pressed on my clitoras and muttered a
private 'spell' to will it to swell and grow back into a penis. I cupped and
traced the labia lips that I knew used to be my scrotum, again wishing the
mouth-like opening would begin to fuse shut then swell as replacement testicles
grew inside again. But my spell did not work, I was still 100% girl......

The next morning was Saturday - my first weekend as a girl. I stayed in my room
feeling sorry for myself. My dad tried his best to take my mind off my sex
change and did his best to spoil me with my favourite foods, no chores and light
conversation. I tried to get into the spirit but could not help a sense of
mourning over my lost manhood. After my midnight examination of my new genitals
I had pulled on some night dress that I had found in the clothes my father had
bought, and a pair of white panties that now tightly hung to my vulva. I watched
TV in my room staring at the unwelcome bulge on my chest and the curvaceous
flatness between my legs. At about 10 oclock there was a knock on my door and my
friend Brad walked in...

"Hi there..." he said "I want to apologize for walking out on you earlier"....
"I just got a bit scared... you know.... that your.... condition... might
be...."

"Caught by you?" I said....

"Yes..." he said, and I started crying....

"Im a girl!" I said, staring at the bulges on me chest

"I know" he said.... "Whats it.... well.... how does it...."

"Feel to be a girl?" I said.... "To have breasts? To have a ....." and my eyes
looked towards my crotch, for some reason I spread my legs and my night dress
fell to the side to reveal a very female white panty covered vulva... "cunt!"

"Yes...." he said

"I hate the feeling!.... It feels so flat! So invasive! I can feel the...my....
my...." I sobbed.... "vagina!.... Ive got lips! girls lips! there!!! between my
legs!!! I HATE how it feels!!!! I cant get an erection ever again! I can
actually stick my finger inside my body!!!! Oh god.... I hate it!!!" I began to
rave. "But Ive also got these fucking mounds on my chest!! They are so heavy!
So.... Sexual!!!"

"Please.... I didnt come here to upset you..." he implored "I want to let you
know that I am here for you... I can begin to imagine what it would be like to
be turned into a girl... but we can still be frieds cant we?"

"Yes" I sobbed... "Yes we can.... I am just having trouble coping thats all...."

"Why dont you pull yourself together and come outside with me? We'll just hang
around the neighbourhood... Chill out.... what do you say?"

I was torn... Part of me wanted to hide... I did not want the world to see me,
in my girl's body. Yet I also knew that I needed to start to get on with my
life. "Yes... that would be nice" I said, in a voice that was soft and girlish.
I stood up thought that I should get out of my pyjamas before going out. I began
to pull my pyjamas off before I realised that my friend had not seen my new
body.

There was a sharp intake of breath from Brad as he saw my full, ripre breasts
first hand and saw me just wearing hugging white panties.

I saw him staring between my legs, wide eyed, when a strange thought hit me.
Perhaps it was my first truly female sexual impulse, but for some reason I did
not cover up my vulva - in fact I deliberately spread me legs further for him to
get a better look at my vulva. I could feel my cunt lips begin to pull apart as
my legs spread and he and I stared at the dickless rounded mound shape that my
panties clung to. I began to whimper at the horror of the demasculated
sensations I was feeling, My breasts however began to tingle and my nipples,
involuntarilty, began to swell.

My sexual heat began to rise. Bizarrely, whilst I hated the alien sexuality
between my legs and on my chest, I also felt a need to let my friend touch my
sex parts! I thrust my pany covered mound forward and said "want to touch me?
feel my cunt?" My eyes flared at him

"Well...." he stared disbelievingly at me

"Yes! You do! Then grab it! Feel what I feel! Grab it, feel the lips! Feel the
void! I want you to touch my vulva! Stick you fingers in my... in my...
VAGINA!.... Do it!!!" I thrust my pubic mound forward - just inches from my
friend's trembling hand.

Slowly, his hand moved. Although I knew he was scared about the virus that had
done this to me... He was smart enough to know that he was safe if he did not
break his skin.... Brad grabbed my cunt...

I was shocked at the sensation, as was he (judging by the look on his face).
Another person was grabbing and feeling my vulva! His hand felt my sex organ as
if looking for my lost penis! He found my clitoras and then began to feel and
run his fingers up and down my labia lips. I was shaking with lothing at the
sensation, the empty sexual fire that my vulva lit in my body. Suddenly I felt a
sensation that was utterly shocking! My friend had slipped his hand beneath the
fabric of my panties and had plunged a number of fingers betwen my lips and into
my actual vagina. I almost screamed- yet I found the sensation arousing in the
extreme... as did my friend...

"Ive got a cunt!" I whimpered

"I know... I cant believe it.... Its so female... so girl...." he said as his
aroused mind drove him to further explore my alien sex organs.... He had gone
beyond feeling my cunt and was now masturbating my cunt in a most invasive and
(to me) horrrific way... Strangely I did not scream or protest, I bucked my hips
and helped him probe my girls mouth as I built towards climax. A minute or so
later I had an orgasm from hell... My vulva lips were moulded around another
(male) persons hand, I could feel his fingers inside my own fucking hated
vagina! I could feel my breasts throbbing and my vagina oozing girl juice as my
vagina spasmed and my pathetic clitoras throbbed in a way that accentuated the
lack of a penis between my legs. I sobbed whilst sliding to the floor - his
fingers sliding out of me - and my vagina 'swallowed' as my foul girls pelvic
floor contracted internal vaginal muscles in the swallowing sensation that I
knew was designed to draw sperm inside to my new womb... I just lay there as the
waves of vaginal and vulva orgasmic behaviour subsided. How I hated being a
girl!
 
With my night dress pulled high and my legs spread apart we both stared at the
curvaceous shape of my crotch - covered by my white panties. There was a wet
patch along my slit from my orgasm. Brad nervously drew his eyes away from my
vulva and then glanced between his own legs. His jeans had the obvious bulge of
an errection. He began to walk toward the door.

"Dont leave! Please! Where are you going?" I asked

"To the bathroom... To wash my hands... To wash off the...." he said

"Virus!" I exclaimed. "I understand.... You dont want to catch that virus, you
dont want to become a girl... like me..."

"Get some clothes on - I need a walk after this" he said to me as he left the
room

I got off the floor, walked to my wardrobe wondering what the hell I would wear
on my first outing in this girls body. I pulled my pyjamas off and stared down
at my ripe breasts and sexy panties. I pulled the panties off and threw them
with hatered in the corner, rummaged through my drawers to find some new
underwear. All I could find wasy girls underpants! I wanted to scream! In
frustration I grabbed the first pair I could - light pink bikini style cotton
panties - and pulled them on, wincing as they made contact with my pubic mound.
I then looked for some clothes - grabbing a pair of Jeans - girls of course -
and pulling them on. They were figure hugging and I almost gagged as I felt them
grab and hug my crotch. Staring between my legs I could see the tight fabric cup
my vulva and the notch of my labia lips where the tight jeans fabric began to
pull by lips apart. I hated the sensation and immediately pulled off the jeans.
In the end I opted for a dress, although I lothed the femanine look it gave me,
because it was the only outfit that did not grab and hold my girlhood. The fall
of the fabric also covered my crotch so that I could no so obviously see the
curve of my vulva between my legs.

Brad came back in and said "Wow! Your wearing a dress! This is so freaky!......
Lets go" and with that he left the room. I followed him down the hall and out
the front into our local street. As was usual for saturday morning, there were
kids everywhere playing and riding. As soon as one of them noticed me they
shouted out "Hey guys - check out the new girl!" and they all fell quiet. I felt
very self concious as I walked, breasts wobbling, down my driveway and out into
the road to meet the gathering horde.

"I want you all to be nice to Steven... er.... what shall we call you?" he said,
whilst a few of the younger kids giggled. I had no idea, I had not thought about
the need to change my name now I was a girl.

"Stefanie? I suppose" I blushed

"Whats it like having a cunt!" Yelled out James Gotch (whom I hated and who
hated me). I began to cry.

"Yeah! What was it like to loose your dick?!" Yelled out his stupid mate Peter
Hardy.

"Nice breasts!" James yelled out again while more of the boys began to laugh.

"I HATE IT!" I screamed at them "I HATE BEING A GIRL!" and they began to stop
laughing.

A few of the local girls were also standing around me and one of them - Fiona
Barton got upset and said "There is nothing wrong with being a girl!"

"If you dont mind having no dick!" retorted James Gotch

"Even you should know that girls have their equipment on the inside - its not as
if we dont have dicks, we have something else you stupid boy!" Fiona fired back

"Yeah.. thats rtight, you have a mouth down there - and a vagina! Well Im glad I
dont have one of those!" Peter said

"Stop it!" I screamed and pulled my dress high to reveal my panties to the
shocked crowd. They all stared between my legs. "Look at it! I have no dick! I
have a mouth down there! and a vagina! And I hate it!" and as I said this last
part I pulled my panties to my knees to reveal my bald vulva to the world. "I
HATE HOW THE LIPS FEEL! I HATE MY FUCKNIG VAGINA THAT BORES INSIDE ME!!!" I
screetched.

The group went silent, the boys were staring slack jwawed between my legs - many
never having seen such a graphic up-close look at a cunt before. The girls said
nothing, but many started to walk away shaking their heads and muttering how
they though being a girl was just fine.

"TAKE A GOOD LOOK!" I continued, pushing my pubic mound forward and spreading my
legs so they could see the entire curve of my labia lips from the front (where
my poor penis used to be) to near my arse. "Next time you fuckwits want to have
a go at me - remember that this fucking body is thanks to a virus that any of
you could catch! This could be you!" And with that last word of wisdom, I pulled
my panties back on and walked, crying, back to my house.

"Thats right! Run home and feel your vagina you girl you!" James yelled out to
my retreating back.

I was livid with anger! How could he be so cruel and horrible to me? Why did he
need to make me feel worse about a body that I hated anyway? I stopped in my
tracks, shaking when a thought occured to me. My vagina was still damp from my
orgasm caused by Brad masturbating me. I realised that my juices would still be
heavily saturated with the X- Virus (which took several weeks to completely
disappear from a victims system after change). I pulled up my dress, thrust my
hand down the front of my panties and forced my hand into my slit. I pushed
harder and several fingers disappeared into my vagina where I wriggled them
around in the wetness to get them wet also. I was whimpering at the hated
sensation of my own fingers inside my own vagina. I pulled out a dampened hand,
now presumably coated in the x-virus, then I turned to face the boys.

I saw James Gotch look at me strangely, then I ran at him. He was shocked by my
actions and did not get running fast enough. When I reached him I knocked him
over and deliberately began to scratch his face, hard enough to make him bleed
and into those cuts I wiped my X-Virus coated hands. I was so enraged that this
happened so fast, but when he touched his face and felt blood - he began to
understand what I had done.

"NOW YOU CAN ENJOY BECOMING A GIRL YOU FUCKWIT - I HAVE JUST INFECTED YOU!" I
screamed at him. He was shaking now, clawing at his face, he pushed me off him
in a panic and ran to a tap and began to frantically wash himself whilst yelling
profanities at me. I was so happy that I had taught him this most profound of
lessons that I found myself needing to rub salt in his 'wound'. I pulled my
dress off & pulled my panties off whilst the stunned gaggle of onlookers
watched. James Gotch was still frantically washing and I yelled out to him "Hey!
Check out your new body! Arent the nice ripe breasts lovely! Look at my vulva
slit! It feels so flat and warm, so empty and invasive!' and whilst I did I
spread my legs wide apart for him to see my vulva again.

"You bitch!" James screamed out

"Did you know that I felt like I was being raped when my vagina was growing into
me? You'll know that sensation soon enough you fuckwit!' and I walked, nude,
into my house.

***********
James Gotch lived his own personal nightmare that week. Despite his washing he
came down with the heavy flu symptoms that were a sure indication that the
X-Virus was rewriting his DNA. A week later he began growing breasts. By the end
of that week he had full breasts, a tiny penis, almost no balls and was well on
the way to becoming a girl. The week after his voice jumped an octave higher,
his pens became fully absorbed and then one fateful day he woke up with the
beginnings of a slit between hsi thoroughly demasculated legs. The whole street
was in a kind of shock, and that same day, despite being four houses from James'
house - I heard him scream as he also experienced a vagina force its way into
his body from within the lips of his newly formed labia. James Gotch was a boy
no more. He was a girl now and knew precisely how it felt. I felt sorry for what
I had done - but at least that boy would never tease me about being a girl ever
again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lisa James


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





