BDSM Library - A Proper Lesson




A Proper Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An unexpected visitor arrives during her visit to the schoolroom.
     A PROPER LESSON

    

     By Fidelis Blue

    

     Lucy got out of her car and locked the door. As usual there was no one
about at this hour in the quiet suburban street. Nevertheless, she drew her coat
about her lest anyone should glimpse what she wore underneath. She strode up the
path to the front door, a tingle of anticipation in the pit of her stomach. He'd
hinted there would be something special this time. But what? A new implement to
chastise her with, perhaps? A while ago he'd mentioned nipple clamps, but there
had been no further word. She was curious to try them.

     Mr Parkinson opened the door immediately and she stepped inside. Without a
word he led her to the schoolroom. She took off her coat and handed it to him.
He eyed her up and down, closely inspecting her uniform, the crisp white blouse
underneath the black gym-slip, the hem so short it barely covered the tops of
her regulation black stockings. His eyes travelled down to her flat shoes with
the strap across the top. The first time that she'd reported, he'd told her that
they hadn't been polished properly. It wasn't a mistake she'd repeated.

     He made a gesture and obediently she lifted her skirt for him to inspect
her black cotton knickers, drawn tight over the suspenders supporting her
stockings. He lifted one of her pigtails, tied with blue ribbon, then let it
fall.

     'Very well,' he said. 'Take your seat.'

     In the centre of the room was an old-fashioned school desk, the wooden
bench and the desk with a hinged top forming a single unit. Lucy sat down,
lifting her skirt out as she had been taught, feeling the plain unvarnished wood
cool against her thighs, bare above the stockings. Mr Parkinson went to the
large wooden table at the top of the room, sat in his high-backed wooden chair
and opened a drawer. From it he took two objects, a piece of paper and a tawse.
Lucy was thoroughly familiar with the latter, a strip of heavy black leather
narrowed to a handle at one end and slit down the middle at the other. Mr
Parkinson had initially introduced it as the choice of Scottish schoolmasters
down the years, a tried and tested implement of discipline. Since then it had
been tested most severely on Lucy's quivering bottom. There was no doubt of its
efficacy.

     Mr Parkinson laid the tawse on top of the table and returned to stand in
front of Lucy holding the piece of paper.

     'Arithmetic,' he said. 'Five questions, ten minutes. Start now.'

     Lucy sighed as she took her exercise book and pencil from inside her desk.
How she hated doing these wretched sums. Without a calculator she struggled with
long multiplication and division. She would have liked, just for once, to get
them all right, just to see Mr Parkinson's face if he were cheated out of the
ritual of humiliation and punishment which routinely followed her failures. The
provocation of an all-correct answer sheet might induce him to think of
something special.

     But it was not to be. Try as she might, she could not complete the sums in
the time allotted. After ten minutes Mr Parkinson called her forward. She stood
in front of his table as he sat looking up at her. She was not allowed to look
him in the eye and she held her gaze cast downwards. He took her exercise book
from her. Rapidly he went through the answers, making frequent marks with a red
pen.

     'Still as bad as ever,' he said at length. 'Two correct out of five.'

     She was silent. Mr Parkinson picked up the tawse and tapped it lightly in
his palm.

     'No doubt you expect the usual punishment?'

     'I suppose so, sir,' she answered.

     'But did I not warn you last time that there must be improvement?'

     She thought back. 'Yes, sir.'

     'And yet there has been none. Additional measures would seem to be
required, do they not?'

     Lucy said nothing. Suddenly Mr Parkinson brought the tawse down sharply
across the table. Lucy jumped at the loud crack.

     'Do they not?' he repeated.

     'Yes, sir,' she agreed.

     'It's time you reported to the headmaster.'

     'The headmaster, sir?' She didn't understand. There was no such person.

     Mr Parkinson glanced at his watch. 'He will be here in ten minutes. Prepare
yourself for the worst.'

     Lucy was confused. If this was some new game, what were the rules? How was
she meant to respond? Up till now everything in the ritual had been controlled,
explained down to the last detail.

     'Go and stand in the corner with your hands behind your head. Feet
together. Don't move.'

     Lucy went to stand in the approved manner. Sometimes Mr Parkinson kept her
like that for half an hour or more, giving her time to contemplate the
punishment which lay in store while he pretended to busy himself with papers.
This time he left the room.

     Lucy stood facing the wall, filled with apprehension. Surely a third party
was not about to be introduced, without warning? Everything till now had been
with her consent. From the initial contact until their first face-to-face
meeting there had been a month of intense email interchange, until Lucy was
confident he understood what she wanted, what the limits were. She then met and
talked to him in a public place twice before she agreed to go to his place. He'd
given her a conducted tour, with ill-disguised pride showing her the little
schoolroom he had furnished. On the second visit he'd handed her a uniform,
tailored to the measurements she'd given him. The first time they'd played the
little game the spanking had been no more than symbolic, a few flicks across her
bottom. Before she left she'd told him she was willing for him to begin in
earnest next time. They agreed a safe word and she told him her conditions.
Neither would ever know the other's real name. She wouldn't tell him where she
lived, nor give her phone number, nor ever discuss her private life.

     'For you,' she said, 'I exist only inside these walls. Here I am Felicity
Grantham.'

     'And I am Mr Parkinson,' he had said. 'But you will call me sir.'

     While she waited, Lucy lowered one hand and slipped it up under her skirt.
She slid a finger inside her knickers, touching her sex. She loved to feel
herself wet with anticipation. Then she heard the doorbell ring, and the door
open. Hurriedly she resumed her position, both hands behind her head. Deep in
her belly twin threads of dread and desire formed a knot. Was there really going
to be another player in the game? She heard two pairs of footsteps coming to the
schoolroom door, and heard it open. She dared not look round.

     'This is Grantham,' said Mr Parkinson. 'She's recalcitrant. I am not sure
whether it is laziness or obstinacy, but her arithmetic shows no improvement
despite repeated correction.'

     'I see,' said another voice, a man's voice, deep, authoritative. 'And is it
only her arithmetic you have cause to complain of?'

     'Unfortunately not,' said Mr Parkinson. 'There have been other offences.'

      'What are they?' asked the other man.

     'Slovenliness, shoes not cleaned, seams of the stockings not straight.
Occasional insolence when her faults are pointed out.'

     'Has she ever refused discipline?'

     'Not exactly refused. But sometimes there's an attitude problem.'

     You'd have an attitude problem if someone was going to beat your ass with a
strap, thought Lucy, but she remained staring at the wall.

     'Anything else?'

     'There's incontrovertible evidence of a sluttish nature. On occasion I have
caught her playing with herself, a hand up her skirts.'

     'That's serious,' said the man. 'We cannot allow the slightest suggestion
of lasciviousness. It must be nipped in the bud.'

     'The last time,' said Mr Parkinson, 'I was obliged to chastise both the
offending hand and the place where it had been lodged.'

     How well Lucy remembered it, standing with her palm outstretched while Mr
Parkinson lashed it with the tawse, then kneeling on the floor, her legs apart,
her skirt over her waist, knickers half way down her thighs while Mr Parkinson
stood over her and thrashed her between the legs till she wept real tears.

     She heard the two men go to the other end of the room.

     'Turn around, girl, and come here,' called Mr Parkinson.

     As she moved towards them Lucy stole a glance at the newcomer. He was
taller than Mr Parkinson, thin and balding. He wore heavy spectacles and a dark
grey suit, and like Mr Parkinson a black academic gown. He was sitting at the
table, Mr Parkinson standing to one side.

     Lucy stood in front of the table, looking down at her feet.

     'Tell me, girl, have you been indecent?'

     'Indecent, sir?' said Lucy, with just a hint of the coquette.

     'You know exactly what I mean. Have you touched yourself where you should
not?'

     'Oh, no, sir,' she said with jaunty innocence.

     'Do you believe her?' the other man said to Mr Parkinson.

     'There's one way to find out,' said Mr Parkinson.

     He took hold of Lucy's hand and raised the fingers to his nose.

     'Unmistakable,' he pronounced. 'Filthy little trollop.'

     The headmaster, as Lucy now thought of him, got to his feet.

     'I will not tolerate this kind of behaviour,' he said sharply. 'She needs a
proper thrashing.'

     The headmaster went to a corner of the room and opened a large black
leather case. He took out a bamboo cane, very thin, about three feet long. He
approached her, swishing it through the air. The sound made Lucy's knees
tremble.

     'Has she been caned before?'

     'No,' said Mr Parkinson. 'So far only the tawse.'

     'You are too soft on her,' the headmaster said. 'It's time she had a proper
lesson.'

     He pushed Lucy forward, bending her over the table.

     'Hold her wrists,' he said to Mr Parkinson. 'I don't want her wriggling.'

     Previously, Lucy had taken her punishment without restraints, submitting to
the tawse without moving, no matter what the temptation to soothe her stinging
behind. Evidently something stronger was in store this time.

     Mr Parkinson sat on the other side of the table and gripped her arms
tightly. The headmaster lifted Lucy's skirt, then pulled her knickers down as
far as her stocking tops. Suddenly she felt horribly vulnerable, more so than
ever before.

     Positioning himself behind her, he measured the distance to Lucy's bottom,
placing the cane across the centre of her buttocks. She forced herself to breath
deeply. When Mr Parkinson had punished her, he had always started slowly. The
initial strokes were sometimes scarcely more than a caress; only gradually did
he work up to full power. This time, she sensed, there would be no such
preliminaries. She must expect pain from the beginning.

     She felt the cane lifted from her skin, then came a pause, followed by a
swish as it descended. The thwack as it struck her behind surprised her for a
moment, since for a split second there seemed to be no pain. Then came the
sharp, intense agony of the blow. It seemed to slice through her flesh,
penetrating deep into the muscles of the buttocks. None of the pain had abated
before she heard the cane hiss on another downward fall, and a second searing
blow fell, an inch or so lower than the first. Again there was the split-second
delay and the awful pain.

     'That's two,' said the headmaster. 'How many ought we to give her?'

     'She's had her chances to learn a lesson,' said Mr Parkinson. 'She just
hasn't taken them. You are right, it's time to stop being soft.'

     'A dozen, then,' said the headmaster. 'Plus three more for poor
arithmetic.'

     Oh god, please, no, Lucy said to herself. I can't, I just can't. The next
stroke of the cane hit a spot just above the first two. It was followed quickly
by the fourth, higher again. Lucy struggled to free her hands. She wanted so
badly to rub her behind, anything to ease the stinging pain. But Mr Parkinson's
grip was firm. The cane rose and fell again. This time it landed almost exactly
on top of the first blow. Lucy cried out as the agony bit deep into her flesh.
The sixth was just below, on another spot tenderised by the initial assault.

     Lucy was breathing hard. She knew she was nearly half way there now, and
the thought ought to have been comforting, but it wasn't. The first six blows
were unbearable, but the next nine would be far worse if the headmaster's aim
was true. The seventh showed he was implacable, landing on top of the lowest of
the strokes so far, just about on the crease of the buttocks as they joined her
thighs.

     'Please,' she whimpered. 'Oh, please, it really is too hard.'

     'What is your judgement, Mr Parkinson? Are you minded to show mercy?'

     'Certainly not,' he replied. 'If we let her off she'd think I'm weak and
take advantage.'

     'Well, we can't have that,' said the headmaster. The eighth stroked lashed
across the top of her buttocks. Lucy groaned, as much in despair as in pain. Of
course she could use the safe word. But she knew Mr Parkinson would be ashamed
of her. Things could never be the same between them afterwards.

     The ninth and tenth strokes fell in quick succession. There was a pause.
Just get it over with, Lucy thought, gritting her teeth. Her body shook with
sobs. She felt a hand smooth her burning skin.

     'She'll be well marked,' the headmaster said.

     'Good,' said Mr Parkinson. 'That will give her something to remember us
by.'

     The cane whistled once more. The strokes were now falling for a third time
on the spots already welted by earlier blows. Twelve and thirteen followed. And
now at last a miraculous change had arrived. On Lucy's buttocks acute pain was
being transformed into heat. The flesh that just a moment ago had trembled in
torment was now enveloped in a warm glow. Indeed, it was more than warm; her
buttocks burned with a delicious and intoxicating fire. The next stroke of the
cane stoked it still further. Yes, thought Lucy, yes, I am purified in the
flame. She longed for another stroke, arching her bottom upwards to receive its
fierce caress.

     Only one more remained.

     'This will be the hardest of all,' she heard the headmaster say.

     'Yes,' she replied. 'yes, let it be.'

     With all his might he brought the cane down full across the centre of her
lacerated flesh. Lucy shrieked in ecstatic agony, her body wracked by spasms of
mingled pain and pleasure. Mr Parkinson let her go. Lucy lay across the table,
breathing heavily.

     'Say thank you,' he said to her.

     She whispered her gratitude. She heard Mr Parkinson invite the headmaster
to use her as he wished. He came round and stood in front of her, unzipping
himself and taking out his cock. It was erect, long though more slender than Mr
Parkinson's. He put it in her mouth and began to fuck her, holding her head
between his hands. Soon he spurted into her mouth, then withdrew. He zipped
himself up.

     She heard Mr Parkinson accompany the headmaster to the door and bid
farewell. Lucy still lay on the table, dazed by her ordeal. She knew what came
next. Mr Parkinson stood behind her and, pulling her buttocks gently apart,
pushed his cock right up into her cunt. It didn't take long. After the beating,
the sexual act was always perfunctory, almost and afterthought.

     When he'd finished he said she might get up. He left the room and returned,
as always, with two glasses of wine. They drank them without speaking, Lucy
sitting at her desk, shifting uncomfortably on her sore bottom, Mr Parkinson
sitting at the table.

     Lucy went to the bathroom, then she was ready to go.

     'I was taken unawares,' she said. 'But I enjoyed it. You may continue to
experiment.'

     The next morning she looked at herself in her bathroom mirror. The bruises
were severe, the worst she had seen, purple and black against the white skin of
her buttocks. She touched them gingerly. She was still sore. It would be fully a
week before she'd let any of her lovers see her naked. None of them knew of her
secret life, and she was always careful to provide no evidence.

     At nine o'clock on the dot she strode across the marble floor towards the
elevator, her high heels clicking as she acknowledged the greetings of the
doorman and sundry secretaries. Walking into her office in her pencil-slim grey
skirt and tightly fitting matching jacket, she brusquely said good morning to
James, her new assistant. She sat at her desk, sifting through her mail while he
fetched her coffee.

     'James,' she said.

     'Yes, Miss Foxton?' he answered dutifully.

     'I've observed you closely in your first two weeks. In general your work is
satisfactory. But there are one or two things you must improve on.'

     'Yes, Miss Foxton,' he said. 'Of course.'

     She began to tell him what they were, shifting slightly in her chair so as
to feel her bruised bottom beneath her purple silk knickers.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fidelis Blue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





