BDSM Library - Chloe's Accident




Chloe's Accident
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chad grew up hating his mother for his father's abandonment. As he grew older his hatred grew more bitter every day. The day she hit his truck with her boyfriend's car was when it came to a boiling point. What happened next neither of them never would have expected.
Chloe's Accident

Dysfunctional families have pretty much become the norm among our society.
Chad's family was pretty typical of that. His mother Chloe developed a serious
drinking problem after her husband left her with their young son. Chad was
growing up to resent her for driving his father away. Over the years, his anger
manifested itself in many ways. He used to throw temper tantrums and break
things. Then it changed to screaming at her and belittling his mother in public.
He began drinking at when he hit high school. The pressure to be like everyone
else was overwhelming.

He had a few girlfriends here and there but none of them ever stayed. His anger
always drove them away. Several months past since the last one left. To him,
women were just filthy whores who deserved to be treated as such. They were only
good for one thing and they would give it up to any cock that was nearby at the
time. His mother was a prime example of that. She went from boyfriend to
boyfriend. Whoever would support her habits would be the new flavor of the week.

It was not until one Saturday morning that Chad woke up late as usual and found
his truck had been damaged that he got very upset. He inspected the large
indentation carefully, finding the same shade of red paint that covered his
mother's new fuck buddy's car. Immediately his blood began to boil. He stormed
into the house to find his mother in the kitchen.

"Where is he? Where is that worthless fuck?" he bellowed.

His mother cowered when she heard his tone, dropping the mug of hot coffee she
was preparing onto the floor. He stomped toward her in a rage. His large hand
reached for her throat. She flinched, moving just enough for him to grab her
robe instead. His eyes were cold as he stared at her.

"I said where is he, bitch?"

"Troy left for work" she sobbed, "It wasn't" 

Her words were cut off by a sharp backhand across the face that left her
reeling. He studied her face for a moment. Her fear overwhelmed him until it
suddenly made sense to him. He dragged her behind him toward the front door. Her
pleas for him to release her fell on deaf ears. She struggled to keep her thin
robe closed but it was not an easy task as her son pulled her out onto the front
lawn. He threw her against the truck with a brutal shove.

"So you are the one who did that huh? It was not that worthless fucker at all...
It was you."

"I... I..." she exclaimed trying to explain what happened.

He would not let her even finish. He snatched her up and dragged her back in the
house. The door slammed shut behind her as he tossed her onto the stairs. She
tried to scramble to her feet before he turned around but he was too quick for
her. He wrapped her stringy blonde hair around his hand and pushed her up the
steps in front of him. She had no idea what he was going to do to her, and at
that point, he was not positive either.

He shoved her into her bedroom door face first. She landed with a thud and a
loud whimper. Her struggles ceased, knowing that her son would hurt her much
worse if she resisted. Chloe lay slumped at his feet as he stared down at her.
His anger flashed in his eyes as they moved over her body. As she started to
rise to her knees to stand up he grabbed her by the hair.

"You are going to pay for what you fucking did to my truck bitch" he glared at
her coldly.

He looked around her room for a moment. Knowing she really does not have any way
to pay for it right away, he stares at her for a moment. His mind raced with
sinister plans. She felt his eyes upon her body and it made her cringe. She did
not know what her son had in mind nor did she want to. He began to chuckle as he
pulled her up by the hair.

"Well I guess until you get the money to repay me for what needs to be fixed you
can make it up to me like you do all the other guys in your life." Chad answered
as one hand moved to his zipper.

His mother was shocked. She struggled to pull free of his grasp but it was
useless. He pulled her hair harder to hold her in place while he slid his zipper
down. Tears streamed down her face as she started to beg him.

"This is insane Chad. Please let me go. You will get your money. I will get it
from Troy when he gets home. I swear to you...just please don't do this to me."
she pleaded with her son.

He yanked her up and tossed her on the bed.

"Listen here bitch. You will do it or you will fucking regret it." he said as he
removed his pants. "You should know by now that I'm not fucking joking here."

His semi erect cock swung free as he stared at her with a salacious gleam in his
eyes. She quickly tried to scurry off the bed. It was no use. He leapt onto the
bed and pinned her down. His large hands pawed at the thin material of her robe,
successfully ripping it off her.  Her soft breasts heaved as she began to sob.
His lips attacked one of her large pink nipples as his fingers tugged on the
other. Using his knee, he pried her thighs further apart. He then began to slip
his hand down her nearly naked body to the panties she wore.

She looked up at him through tear-filled eyes. Pleadingly she stared at him,
hoping he would realize what he was doing to her and stop. He was unaffected by
his mother's pitiful gaze. He pried her panties back and slid his fingers
inside. He felt the soft tuft of trimmed pubes as his fingers worked their way
down to her cunt. He could feel the warmth it emitted. He knew what he was doing
was wrong but he no longer cared. She did not care when she hit his car. She had
to pay.

His fingers fumbled with her clit for a moment, pinching it painfully between
them. She squeaked out a soft cry, which prompted him to squeeze harder. His
fingers then moved down to her wet little fuckhole. Two of them slid in without
much resistance. His cock was swelling as he thought about ramming it into the
dripping opening. He began to stab into her cunt as hard as he could with the
two thick fingers.

Chloe's eyes were clenched shut. She could not believe her own son had done this
to her. She lay motionless except for her heaving breasts that bounced with each
sob. He bit down hard on her nipple causing her to jerk. He spit out the
distended nub and stared coldly at her face as he sat back on his heels, both
hands now clutching the tattered panties. With a swift rip, they tore free.

She felt completely vulnerable now, laid out naked before her son on her own
bed. She turned her head to the side. He did not care what she did as long as
she did not struggle. He reached down and wrapped his fingers around the thick
shaft. A trickle of precum dribbled out as he milked it for a moment before he
leaned over her. The tip, now positioned between her swollen pink lips, slipped
inside with ease. He let go of his cock and placed both hands above her
shoulders. With a quick lunge, he was buried deep within her cunt.

Her sobs became louder as he began to brutally pound away at her pussy. His face
was nearly emotionless as he grunted. The hatred for her that burned within him
all those years came bubbling to the surface as his engorged shaft burrowed deep
between his mother's legs. She was nothing more than a slut to him. It was no
longer a speculation. There she lay without as much as a bit of a struggle, with
her own son fucking her like a $2 whore.

Her body reacted to the stimulus without her minds consent. Her juices
lubricated his cock as he pounded her mercilessly. His grunts got louder and
more frequent as he picked up the pace. He pistoned in and out of her,
completely oblivious to the sobbing, trembling human wreckage beneath him. It
did not matter to him how she felt. She was going to pay for what she did to his
car, even if it means he fucked her for the rest of her useful life.

He lowered himself to rest on his elbows as he continued to violate her. His hot
breath obscenely rushed over her neck. Her wailing had softened slightly. It was
not because she was starting to enjoy this. Something deep within her triggered
it. She knew that he resented her for all those years. She knew that he did not
respect her. Now she knew how much he truly did not care.  Her pussy ached as he
repeatedly plowed into it. Her deep sobs shook her body slightly.

"Oh fuck yesss," he hissed as she felt the familiar feeling of hot cum injected
into her.

He gave a final deeply penetrating shove, emptying the last of his load into
her. He lay on top of her panting for a moment or to while he rested. His
t-shirt clung to his sweat-covered chest as he leaned up and looked at her face
for a moment. He chuckled cruelly as he pulled his cock free from her abused
pussy.

"God you are even a lousy fuck. Now I see why dad left," He snarled as he stood
up. "Don't think about telling Troy or anyone else. They will not fucking help
you. Besides if the bastard says anything to me about it I'll put a fucking
bullet in his skull." Chad slipped his pants back on, leaving her laying there.
"You are going to be my whore until you pay for what you did to my truck...
maybe longer if I decide. Now go clean your nasty ass up. I'm going to Mark's."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





