BDSM Library - Command Performance




Command Performance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Glenda and her partner Kid are on the run after a robbery. Their hideout is a large isolated house and Glenda has done her homework. Eighteen year old Helene is all alone practising the piano...and the music room is soundproof. Using the 'toys' in Glenda's bag, they force Helene to provide a very special and painful performance for their own private pleasure.
Command Performance

'Make a left, left here for Christ's sake!' screamed the woman, craning round to
see if they could make the turn before the pursuing police car came into view.
Instantly, the car slewed across the highway and onto the road leading into an
exclusive residential area. A rich, prosperous neighbourhood of large isolated
houses each assured of privacy at the end of long driveways cut back through the
stands of mature pines. 'Welcome to Placid Hills' proclaimed the board, 'please
drive with courtesy at all times.'

'Kid, for fuck's sake slow up and do like the sign says, don't want some
snooping biddy reporting a speeder do we...'

The man, a strong, heavily built figure in his forties, grimaced and grunted but
let the car's speed fall back below the limit. 'Hope you know what you're doin,
Glenda... turning off ain't goin to fool em long.' He wiped one hand on his
grubby white singlet and patted the stubby automatic on the seat beside him.
'Better to deal with one hick cop than a whol...'

'...Shut up moaning a moment,' she cut in impatiently. 'I told you I had a plan.
Look for 3425... red mailbox and a paved drive to a big place almost hidden in
the trees...' They drove sedately along the twisting country road, Kid's eyes
flickering constantly to the mirror while the woman checked the numbers on the
mailboxes. She was in her mid thirties, attractive, little make-up and with
streaked blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. Deeply tanned, she had an air of
hardness and command about her. She looked cool and elegant against the scruffy
off-white singlet and well-worn jeans of her companion.

A flush of excitement from the robbery and the frantic getaway heightened her
tan against the thin fabric of her cream, halter-neck dress. It was clear from
the low cut back and plunging 'V' of the front that she wore nothing beneath
it... where the material stretched taut over the firm high curves of her
breasts, her long nipples showed as hard, sharp spikes.

A wide belt with a square, gold buckle emphasised her slim waist whilst, adding
to the blatant sexual display, her long, slim legs were sheathed in black
stockings. She'd kicked off her black patent stilettos and had curled her feet
under her, allowing her skirt to ride up on her thighs... revealing an edge of
stocking top in the process. Her whole figure showed the trim shape and fitness
someone who was serious about regular exercise.

Suddenly, Glenda leaned forwards, one long red nail stabbing out towards the
roadside. 'There, red box, that one... that one, drive in...' Kid swung the
Chevy onto the driveway and idled up to the large house. To one side an attached
double garage stood open, the metal up and over door fully raised. 'Oh yeah,
just as she said, wide open. Go on, Kid into the garage then pull the door down
behind us.' Obedient to her orders the man pulled the white Chevy into the empty
garage, scrambling out to pull the long metal door clashing down behind them.

The door had only just closed when they heard the rising wail of a police siren.
Kid lifted his automatic then relaxed, grunting in relaxation as the car raced
past without pause. Waiting until the sound of the siren had died away he waved
the gun at Glenda, face red with frustration and anger.  'You knew about this
place? How, how come you didn't tell me? And what are you goin to need those
goddam toys of yours for?'

The woman smiled at his puzzlement and frustration as she picked up a large
black sports bag from the back seat. 'Because there's someone here... someone
who's going to give us both a lot of fun whilst we wait for the heat to die
down... didn't you say doin' a job always gets you extra horny?' She turned
away.  'Come on, she'll be practising out back...' She laughed at Kid's baffled
expression... 'Practicing piano, dummy... her name's Helene, she's just
eighteen... and she's all ours...'

Led by Glenda who seemed to know exactly where she was going, the two fugitives
made their way carefully though the kitchen and across the wooden floor of the
hallway to the back of the house. The woman stopped at a solid door. 'Daddy's a
slob, but a wealthy slob... built this big room on the back so dear Helene can
practice the piano undisturbed and... guess what... it's sound proof!' She eased
the door a fraction, the rubber gasket swooshing softly as it opened to let the
sound of a piano filter out.

Glenda held the door and looked her companion straight in the eye. 'You let me
start things off... just wave the gun and do your usual 'dangerous and nasty'
expression so she gets the idea of co-operatin' real quick... I'll see you get
what you want... all nice and tight and wet...okay?'

Kid nodded... she was definitely the boss. At this moment all he was concerned
about was the thickening bulge in his jeans and the chance to fuck some
unwilling teenager. Especially with the added excitement of watching Glenda use
her 'toys' on the girl until she was reduced to being their own private and
panting fuck slave. Yeah, trust Glenda to have a new victim all lined up...
hiding out here was gonna be fun...

Glenda pushed the door wide so they could both see the entire studio. It was
clear that serious money had been spent...A gleaming black grand piano took
pride of place at one end. It was standing on a circle of polished wood inset
into very expensive fitted carpet in a quiet, deep blue colour. Against the far
wall was a couch with other chairs, stools and music stands scattered round the
room. Books, music and top of the range audio and video equipment filled the
shelves lining either side of the heavy, padded door. 

They could see everything. No harsh neon tubes here, just ceiling spots
highlighting the piano and softer, warmer wall lights giving the rest of the
large room a relaxed, welcoming air. Wooden slatted blinds, together with long
drapes whose colour complimented the blue of the carpet, protected the triple
glazed windows and allowed either a view of the surrounding pine trees beyond
the clearing... or complete privacy.

The music stopped with an abrupt discord as the girl swung round, her face wide
with shock at the sight of two strangers framed in the doorway. Glenda raised
her finger to her lips but the girl still cried out as she caught sight of the
automatic in Kid's hand.

'Ssssh! No silly noises now, Helene. Just sit quite still and you won't get
hurt...' Glenda giggled to herself. That was a lie... they were going to spend
the rest of the day hurting her in all sorts of delicious ways... She pressed
her thighs together, feeling the sudden wetness as she looked at
eighteen-year-old Helene Scott-Mason with growing excitement.

Like Glenda, Helene was a blonde, but her hair was a fine, shining gold in
colour. Pretty rather than beautiful with wide blue eyes, she was dressed for
casual comfort. A loose high-necked sweater with short, ruffled sleeves hid much
of the girl's figure although it was just tight enough to hint that she was
certainly all grown up in some vital respects.

Her skirt was sensible rather than flattering. Scrubbed and fresh-faced from the
shower with her blonde hair tied in bunches with red ribbons, long bare legs and
trainers and perched on the padded leather music stool, Helene Mason-Scott
looked a lot younger than eighteen at that moment. She stared back at the two
invaders white-faced with shock and horror.

'W-who are you? Why are you here? H-how d-do you know my n-name...?'

'Take the couch, Kid, listen and relax while Helene here tells you a little
story...' The man swaggered past the shivering teenager, leering at her before
sprawling back on the sofa. Glenda put her hands on the girl's shoulders,
turning her back to face the keyboard. 'All these questions, Helene... such a
pity there's no one here... no one to help at all. After all dear Daddy's away
in Paris... busy being fucked by Melissa I expect...'

Her hands stroked the girl's shoulders, caressing the soft flesh of her neck as
Helene jerked back in shock at the mention of her stepmother's name. Glenda
tightened her grip, forcing her to keep facing front as she tried to turn.
'M-Melissa? Do you know my stepmother?' The girl's voice trembled, tears
trickling down her soft cheeks

The woman's long scarlet nails moved down over the girl's shoulders, teasing and
stroking the upper swell of her breasts beneath the thin sweater. 'Let's say
that she and I have shared some fun a few times... She's like me...' The hands
moved lower, curving deliberately to cup the firm young bulbs as Glenda pressed
herself into the girl's trembling back. 'Enjoys the taste of fresh young cunt...
something you know only too well...don't you?'

Glenda licked her lips as her fingers told her that beneath the expensive
cashmere Helene was deliciously naked. 'Well, well what do you know...' she
murmured feathering lightly across the tips so the girl surged beneath her
hands. 'Oh yes, she told me all about your naughty little adventures...' The
hands pressed and stroked more firmly. 'And you're going to tell my friend
Kid... Look, he's excited already.' Glenda blew softly in the lobe of Helene's
ear so she jerked round, facing the sofa where Kid was sprawled with legs out
spread.

The teenager flushed scarlet, catching her breath with a shocked gasp at the
sight of Kid's unzipped jeans and the thick, heavily veined shaft of his cock
jutting back against his belly. His piggy eyes were fixed on the blushing
teenager as he slowly rubbed his fingers up and down the shaft, each stroke
making the heavy helmet bob gently, the slit already glistening with the first
fluids of his arousal.

'NO!'

'Oh yes, you're going to be sucking real deep on that in a moment... But
first... you're going to tell Kid what happened when Melissa first caught you in
the bedroom...'

'You mean...'

Glenda's fingers found the girl's nipples once more, slowly circling each one,
feeling them rouse and stiffen, despite her obvious terror, under the scraping
stimulation of her long nails through the fabric. 'Yes... that morning when she
found you with your fingers in your cunt and a silly expression on your face...
Tell Kid what happened next...'

'I can't, I just c....'

'Whap!'

Glenda's hand smacked against Helene's cheek like a pistol shot, rocking the
girl's head sideways. 'You do what we tell you, you stupid bitch! Now TELL
HIM...! Or I'll slap you stupid...'

'Aaaahhh! Please, please no...'

Helene looked straight ahead, trying to ignore the stinging redness in one cheek
and the awful, thrilling feeling of the woman's fingers teasing her nipples.
'S-she made me stand up, stand in front of her while she sat on a chair...'

'Louder, go on, louder...Tell Kid what were you wearing, and how you had to
stand... go on... tell him or...'

'J-just a tee shirt... N-nothing else... she made me stand up straight with my
hands behind my head and my feet apart... then s-she... she...'

'Tell him or....' Glenda lifted one hand in threat.

'I-I had to stand close; so her knees were between my legs and I couldn't bring
them together. Then she lifted my tee shirt over m-my-my-my....

'Tits, go on bitch, say it... she lifted my tee shirt over my tits...'

More tears ran down Helene's face as she obeyed in a whisper. As she repeated
the words, so Glenda mimicked Melissa's actions... lifting the front hem of the
teenager's top... pulling the soft fabric up and up until it scraped over the
deliciously tanned curves and her pert, naked breasts popped free.

From the sofa there was a muffed groan as Kid stroked himself more rapidly at
the sight of Helene's firm young tits with their hard, pink nipples being
exposed and caressed so slowly and deliberately by another woman.

'See, you're getting Kid all worked up... guess you'll have to suck him off in a
minute before he explodes... then we can play a little before you get to ride
that cock properly...' Glenda rolled her fingers, listening to the sudden rapid
breaths as Helene reacted to her words and the clever insistent fondling that
was shooting sparks of illicit pleasure through her tender pink nubs. 'But,
don't forget the rest of the story... or do you need another reminder?'

The fingers pinched the pink teats in warning, making Helene jerk and gulp air.
'She m-made me stand still, very still as she t-touched me... just with the
ti... t-t-tip of one f-f-finger. She made me...' Helene squeezed her eyes shut
and leaned forwards, overcome with shame.

Glenda pulled her back until she was sitting upright and slowly licked the
girl's ear, working the tip of her tongue round the delicate whorls so that the
teenager shivered and trembled violently with a mixture of delight and fear.
Glenda's voice was soft with lust, one hand lifting the edge of her own skirt so
she could stroke the hot, wet silk of her panties, raising her own excitement as
she went on with the girl's story to arouse Kid even more.

'She made you cum... didn't she... just tickling your clit with her finger while
you stood there... isn't that right? Just once was it, Helene? Or did she go on
tickling your clit... make you cum a second time; made you cum so hard you wet
yourself with excitement? Well...?'

'T-twice, I c-c-came twice... and I w-w-wet myself...' The eighteen year old
broke off, sobbing piteously. Glenda let her bury her head in her hands as she
lifted the big sports bag onto the polished lid of the piano. The sound of the
zip opening brought Helene's head up once more, eyes widening as she saw
Glenda's 'toys'.

Glenda's favourite was the first thing she placed on the polished top, a black
rubber penis gag attached to a jumble of nylon straps, it had fittings that
allowed a second dildo to be fixed to the flat end thus allowing a victim to
give Glenda a delicious face fuck whilst still silenced by the thick latex cock.

'Oh yes darling, these are my special toys...' she stroked another latex
monstrosity, an evil looking black cone some twelve inches high and nearly three
inches across at the base. Even more horrible to Helene's fear-filled eyes was
the grape-sized bulb on the top... and the series of bulbous rounded ridges at
intervals all the way down. She shuddered at the thought of the slow, stretching
torment of having such a terrible thing inserted into your body... then
shuddered even harder knowing that was exactly what was likely to be happening
to her very soon indeed.

 'Before we start playing I guess we'd better take care of Kid before he squirts
all over that nice couch. So, let's get you ready...' Despite all Helene's gasps
and protests of horror and revulsion, Glenda grinned as she noticed the teenager
had not made any attempt to pull her top down.

'Hands behind your back, my little come slut,' Glenda whispered to the girl.
'It's time for a different kind of performance. She giggled as she saw Helene
clenching her fists against her knees defiantly. 'Are you going to do it... or
should I ask Kid to mash your fingers in this piano lid a couple of times?
You're going to do what we want any way so... hard or easy? Your choice!' She
giggled again, 'silly to waste all that practice... after all you can't play
with broken fingers can you?'

Helene whimpered as she slowly put her hands behind her. 'P-please, please don't
hurt me... I'll do whatever you want but please don't kill me, plea...aaaaaah!'

'That's it, bring your arms up and hold your elbows...' as she obeyed, the girl
gasped in pain as Glenda jerked the loop of thin cord tight around her left
wrist before lashing it to her right arm above the elbow. Two more twists around
the other wrist and the same cinching tie on the other arm followed by a couple
of hitches locked the cords tightly, Glenda made sure by pulling on the knots so
that there was no chance of the girl getting free.

She reached round and pinched the teenager's hard, up tilted nipples. 'Turn and
look at Kid... just think of how that cock is going to taste in a moment.' Kid's
fingers stroked his glans, making the curving shaft jerk as he spread the drops
of pre cum across the gleaming purplish helmet, eyes totally fixed on the
writhing figure on the leather stool.

Glenda grinned at the sight and said quietly. 'Kid, that cock looks good and
ready... why not rest a minute and get that round stool over here... that little
black one that adjusts up and down... should be just the right height for some
nice wet mouth work from our friend.'

Helene sobbed and pleaded in vain as Glenda pulled her to her feet, one hand on
her bound wrists, the other keeping an agonising, pinching hold on one nipple
that allowed her to control the desperate teenager's every movement. Her sobs
became even more intense as she watched Kid's thick, upcurving shaft bobbing and
slapping against his lower belly as he moved the little round stool into
position.

'Now, let's see what's under here...' Glenda's hands pulled the plain sensible
skirt into a crumpled ring round Helene's waist... and both of them smiled at
each other in evil delight. No regulation knickers for this one! Helene's face
burned scarlet once again as the shiny silken vee of a minute pair of glossy
black thong panties was revealed.

'Oh, Kid look at those... real slut panties...' Glenda's long skilful fingers
skimmed over the taut fabric... one nail making a soft 'zzzzzzzzz' as it
scratched over the silky surface. 'And she's wet too, so wet... aren't you, my
hot little bitch?' A single finger wormed between the eighteen year old's
thighs, pressing inwards slightly so the line between her cunt lips showed
through the sheer fabric.

'Not t-there, oh please don't t-t-touch me the... aaah, ooooh!''

'Just for wearing those I'm going to give you a little treat... whilst you suck
Kid's cock... I'm going to play with you... Just like Melissa does when daddy
goes to work... But let's have these lovely panties off first...' Glenda eased
the thin waistband down over the girl's hips, paused deliberately to cup the
girl's genitals before peeling the tiny black triangle away from her mound and
gently easing the string free from the deep cleft of the teenager's bottom.

'Oh... Melissa's made you shave too! Oh God you're making me so horny.' Her
scarlet nails cupped and stroked the plump, naked mound, teasing the pouting
lips until they could both see the glistening pink slash of the eighteen year
old's cunt gaping as her sex lips swelled and parted. From the glinting wet
folds the little fleshy peak of her clitoris jutted out like a tiny finger. The
delicate masturbation continued until Glenda heard the girl's breathing begin to
quicken as she tried to increase the maddening stimulation she was feeling.

Glenda stopped abruptly and pinched Helene's jutting nipple once more; using her
other hand to cup the firm curve of one bottom cheek, she pressed the girl back
to rest on the little stool whilst giggling at her victim's gasping, gurgling
noises of frustration.

Without his jeans and pants, Kid planted himself in front of the girl's
tear-streaked face, the heavy, veined meat of his cock inches from her soft,
trembling lips. In one hand he held an evil looking black riding crop he'd taken
from Glenda's bag, the flat leather end tag tapping impatiently against his
naked leg.

'Don't, don't make me, I don't want to, please...!'

'You suck me real good and maybe, just maybe, you buy yourself a little peace,
bitch! You bite me and I'll strip your skin away in strips... and that's just
for starters...' Kid growled, the sweat of excitement gleaming on his hairless
skull. To Helene he was a figure of total menace.

'He means it so, open wide, Helene...' Glenda's hand clasped the thick rod,
guiding the shiny domed helmet so it brushed the struggling teenager's lips. 'Oh
yes, that's it, lick it... all over... use that tongue... underneath, touch him
underneath... there, feel it jerk? That's because he likes that...' Coaxing her
reluctant pupil with soft words she wormed her other hand between the spread
buttocks until she could tease the soft, wrinkled rosette of Helene's anus.

By now eighteen year old Helene Scott-Carpenter had given up any thought of
resistance. The rubbery dome of Kid's penis was fully inside her mouth and she
was dribbling and sucking in turns as she tried to do as she'd been told and
breathe at the same time. She almost choked as she jerked wildly at the woman's
touch on her anus

'Pleeg, lon't... glot lare, pleeg, pleeeeeggg!'   

Kid and Glenda exchanged smiling glances as they heard the familiar gobbling
frenzy of muffled pleas. Kid simply thrust harder, driving the wet slippery head
of his cock even deeper into the girl's throat. Glenda waited until the girl was
desperately struggling to breathe without gagging and then pushed one long, slim
finger right up into her rectum. Impaled at both ends, Helene was lost...
despite her anguish, she was feeling those first guilty pleasure twinges as
Glenda began to twist and move her finger against the tender tissues deep inside
her body.

'Stretch that neck, give him a nice straight line...' Glenda's voice was husky
with excitement as she held the base of Kid's cock, guiding it whilst the girl's
lips slithered over the hot wet surface. 'Oh, Kid you'll love her arse, so hot
and tight...' As she spoke her fingers tightened on his penis, stroking her
partner carefully as she felt the tensing jerks that indicated he was on the
brink of coming. 'Here it comes darling... open wide now!'

'Oh yes, yes, just there, yes I'm coming, suck it, suck it harder bitch! I'm
coming... I'm c-c-c-commmminnngggg!'

Helene tried to pull away but Glenda was ready, twisting her fingers in the
girl's hair and holding her in place as Kid bucked and surged, fucking her mouth
wildly as he reached his climax. She waited for the frenzy to die away then
rubbed her fingers in the mixture of saliva and thick, milky cream dribbling and
oozing down Helene's chin, spreading it over the girl's pouting lips as her
mouth filled to overflowing with Kid's spurting ejaculation.

'Now... show him how much you like it...' Glenda's fingers rubbed the bubbling
eighteen year old's throat, making her swallow the hot thick strands as Kid
pulled his softening cock from her mouth.  Seeing Helene's expression, Glenda
closed one hand on the girl's jutting nipple once more, pinching in warning as
she whispered, 'don't do anything silly... here, let me...' She leaned forwards,
licking and kissing the teenager's shiny cum-soaked lips as she continued to
move her other finger deep inside the girl's anus.

Glenda allowed herself a few moments longer before she slid her fingers free and
stood up, pulling Helene with her. 'Hold her still for me, Kid... it's cum time
for our fuck slut!' She reached into the sports bag and took out another thick,
latex cock, this one dark blue with black cords hanging from the base. She
rubbed the rubber nodules lining the shaft across Helene's lips. 'It
buzzes...see!' Glenda pressed a button on the base and Helene flinched as a
demented buzzing filled the room and she felt the soft latex cock vibrating
against her cheeks.

'Just like Melissa's favourite, isn't it, Helene?' She turned it off. 'Now
before I slide this rubber cock into that hot wet pussy... are you going to get
it ready for me... or do you want it rough?' Helene's answer was obvious... she
leaned forwards, her mouth a wide 'O' as she closed her lips round the bulbous
head of the vibrator. Glenda moved the nine-inch cylinder in and out ensuring
that the girl licked the whole surface to a gleaming wetness.

'Kid, open her up for me...'

Kid grinned, knowing only too well what Glenda wanted. He moved behind the girl,
pressing against her back and keeping her bottom on the edge of the little
stool. Then he slid his hands round and down the inside of each thigh. In one
swift movement that gave Helene no chance to resist he pulled her legs up and
back, doubling them so her knees were either side of her breasts to spread her
cunt achingly wide open.

'There! All ready for you, Glenda...' Helene's feet waved frantically but Kid
was just too strong and with her hands tied there was nothing she could do...

'No, no, no, no, Oh don't use that thing, please it tickles so much, it makes me
cum, please I don't want to... please....'

'Silly child... of course it'll make you cum... that's what it's meant to do...
again... and again... and again. And there are still all the other things to
play with too...' Glenda laughed and ran the oversized dome of the vibrator up
and down the splayed gash of Helene's cunt. Suddenly, she stopped and pulled her
own panties aside. 'Lets just oil it up a little more shall we...'? Helene
stared transfixed; watching as the blue latex shaft slowly disappeared between
the woman's thighs as Glenda worked it deep into her own vagina.

'Oh fuck that's soooo goooood...' Glenda moaned as she pulled the rubber shaft
out before thrusting the whole oily length deep inside once more. 'Soooo fucking
goooood!' Helene licked her lips hungrily, pressing back against Kid's iron grip
as she imagined the wonderful stretching pleasure of being held helpless,
watching as Glenda began sliding that thick rubbery cock up into her own body.

The naughty dreams turned to tingling reality as Glenda pressed the warm, oily
dome of the vibrator against the trembling eighteen year old's vaginal entrance.

'Aaaaaaaah yes, go on, yes push it in, al the way, ih, ih, ih, ah, aaaaah,
pleeessee! Oh YES!'

Helene's mindless pleasure chant turned into a series of little gasps as she
felt the two-inch latex glans stretching her wider and wider. Suddenly, there
was a jerk and she almost lifted clear of the stool in reaction as the helmet
popped up into her soft wet channel. Now there was only the surging feeling of
fullness as Glenda slowly worked the rest of the dildo up into her victim's
body.

'That nice slut?' Glenda whispered as she slowly moved the latex shaft in and
out. No words, only a mindless dribbling groan of pleasure from the teenager as
Helene Scott-Mason began to reach the first orgasm of her captivity. 'Time to
cum, baby...'

One scarlet-tipped finger pressed the little switch on the base of the vibrator. 

The noise was hardly audible, just a muffled hum like a bee outside the window,
but the effect was delightful. Helene's body jerked and juddered and her breath
hissed and whistled as she felt the vibrator come to life deep in her cunt 

'Uh! Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, nuuuuuuh... Aaah huh, huh huuuh!'

No words now, just the snorting grunts of pleasure as all the torments of the
last half hour were forgotten under the torturing throb of the vibrator. Glenda
twisted the protruding end round slowly and deliberately, making Helene surge
back wildly against Kid's chest in reaction to feeling the devilish rubber
nodules rubbing and tormenting the sensitive inner membranes of her vagina so
unbearably.

Knowing that the girl was on the brink of climaxing she changed the movement,
pistoning the vibrator in and out like a monstrous cock to push the sex-demented
teenager over the edge of ecstasy.

Yyyyyiiiiiiiiiiiihhh! Oh, oh, oh Yes, YES! I'm there, I'm there... I'M
THEEEEERE...!'

Kid let the girl's legs go but kept his grip on her bound arms. Glenda left the
vibrator alone and stood to one side her fingers twisting and teasing those
rigid pink nipples once again. Helene bucked and flailed like a mad thing, legs
threshing in all directions as the embedded dildo continued to milk her cunt,
forcing her on to reach a second climax that she was unable to control or
prevent in any way.

'Oh, oh OOOOH! Oh no, h-hurts no, s-s-stop, oh, oh, oh yes... Oh God, yes! Nuh,
nuh, nuh... Yeeeeesssss! Ah, ah! Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!'

Glenda flicked the switch to 'off' and Kid let Helene sit back on the stool,
legs obscenely splayed with the skirt still hitched up round her waist and her
pink, and glistening cunt lips bulging round the thick blue shaft buried in her
vagina. 'Just so you don't get ideas about trying to force it out dearie...'
Glenda cooed, bending to fasten the black straps attached to the base of the
vibrator high up round each thigh like the side ties of a string bikini

'So, you and Kid here have had some fun... guess it's my turn. Kid, just steady
her for me... for the next bit she'll need a silencer I reckon...' Glenda winked
at her partner and strolled back to the piano and picked up the penis gag with
its jumble of straps.

'Uh, uuuh, p-please, please let me r-rest a moment... Ulp!' 

That's it... open wide again!' Glenda giggled as she pinched Helene's nose so
the teenager's mouth opened in reflex. She licked the wide end of the short,
wide latex cock then pushed it into the gaping 'O' of the girl's mouth. Twisting
it to and fro quite slowly and gently, she worked it deeper and deeper until the
domed head was pressing against the back of the struggling teenager's throat.
Helene gasped and choked as it stretched her jaws wide, reducing her protests to
a series of wet gobbling noises as she jerked and twisted in the woman's iron
grip.

Working with the speed of long experience, Glenda wrapped the nylon straps round
the girl's head, tightening the Velcro fastenings to hold the dildo firmly in
place. Already she could see the black latex surface was gleaming wetly as
saliva dribbled unchecked from the corners of Helene's mouth. 'Now, my little
fuck bitch... let's exercise those titties too...'

The sounds from the girl became a frantic liquid babble as Glenda fixed a thin
black cord to the round end of the cock shaft sticking out of her mouth. The
noises and sudden wriggling were because Helene had suddenly understood what her
tormentor intended to do with the pair of shiny screw clips dangling and
jingling from each end of the black cord.

'Olgggg! Pleeeg, O, Pleeeg, Ooooooooohhhh!' 

'The more you fuss, the tighter they get...' Glenda made sure that Kid had a
clear view of the girl's turgid pink nipple held between the stainless steel
jaws of the clamp before she started turning the knurled end of the screw.
Glenda's scarlet-tipped fingers turned the screw fraction by fraction, both of
them breathing heavily as they watched the spongy pink tip being pressed white
as the jaws closed in a tiny, agonising vice.

Another half turn and the gobbling sounds became even more frantic as Helene
heaved and twisted; trying to give some voice to the agonising pain she was
feeling. Satisfied, Glenda let the clip go and Helene bent her head down in an
attempt to avoid putting any strain on the line connecting her gag with the
fierce metal jaws now gripping the peak of her left breast.

'Nice, huh? Just wait till I get this other one in place and you can really show
off for my friend. Hold still, bitch...!' Her sudden scream of rage froze Helene
to the spot so she sat shuddering and shivering as Glenda put the other clip in
place. 'Right, let's show Kid some real emotion this time... three full turns
should do it...'

The torturing fingers twisted the little screw turn by turn. This time the pain
was instant and agonising as Glenda deliberately tightened the clip as quickly
as possible. Three full turns as promised so the whole length of the teenager's
right nipple was squeezed flat between the jaws. Knowing how the pain would
continue to increase for some moments, Glenda held the whimpering teenager down
on the stool, rubbing her mound against the girl's back and enjoying the
sensations as the teenager bucked and writhed with pain under her hands.

'Mmmmmff, Oooo, O, Pleeg, Pleeeg PLEEEGGGG!' 

'Stop whining... we haven't even started yet. Helene almost leapt to her feet as
Glenda reached over and tugged the cords attached to the rubber cock embedded
deep in her throat. 'Stand up... let's get that bottom of yours all warmed up
shall we...'

Using the line to the clips like reins she walked Helene round the room in a
stumbling circle before bringing her back to stand in front of Kid once more.
'Now look up, right up... really lift those tits.' She picked up the slim black
riding crop from the couch and gently tapped the underside of Helen's breasts.

'Oooooo, Pleeeg...!'

        The girl strained back, pulling her nipples agonisingly taut. 'That's
better; now, Kid's going to give you half a dozen stripes. If you're real
good... stand still and keep that head right up... I'll take the clips off when
he's done. If not... well, let's just say you'd better be real good.' She tossed
the crop at her companion. 'Give Miss Music here six stingers... just to remind
her of who's in charge.

Glenda cupped her hands under the girl's up stretched teats, to hold her in
position as Kid scrambled to his feet. 'Always nice when there's nothing in the
way when you're switching a neat set of buns like these...'

He stepped back, swishing the crop up and down so the girl could hear the
vicious 'ziiippp' behind her back. 'Forward a little, make her push those
ass-cheeks out for me, Glenda.'  The woman smiled at him over Helene's shoulder
and pulled down gently on the clips.

'Keep those legs nice and straight now, and bend over...' 

'N-n-nuh, pleeg, nuh, nuuuuuuh...!'

Panting and drooling so that strings of saliva fell in silvery chains onto the
soft, blue carpet, Helen Scott-Mason bent forward at the waist, arching her back
and presenting the smooth, taut curves of her bottom cheeks even more
delightfully. Glenda pressed the top of the girl's head into her belly, hands
cupped under the teenager's body to finger the tortured tips and hold her
securely for Kid's first stroke.

'Thwick!'

'Oooowwwwwwwwww!'

The eighteen year old jerked so violently that she almost pushed Glenda over.
Her trainers thumped on the thick carpet as she did a frantic jigging dance to
try and relieve the blazing agony the first searing cut had sliced across her
bottom cheeks.

'One... careful now, another five yet before we're done with this warm-up set.'
Glenda's voice was silky, caressing the girl and calming that first wild frenzy
until she stood quiet once more with her bare, tanned legs quivering violently
as waited for the next stroke of the riding crop.

Kid sniggered as he listened to Glenda's words... God, she was good, he thought.
Just teasing and stroking the baby bitch bit by bit until she had her tied and
ready for anything they wanted to do to her. He eyed the dull red weal bisecting
those tender little cheeks and brought the crop slicing across again to land
with another crisp 'thwack'.   

Once more the tortured teenager jerked forwards at the impact with another
wordless wail of pain. This time, Kid cut the third stroke slightly upwards
whilst Helene was still hopping from foot to foot. The leather crop thwacked
viciously into the soft, tender groove at the base of the teenager's buttocks
and Kid grunted in satisfaction. The shock, and sudden extra blaze of pain,
lifted Helene onto her toes and produced a wet gasping squeal of outrage and
agony. 

'Oh yeah, that's it Kid... give her the other three right there, same place if
you can.' Glenda rubbed her thighs together, feeling the delicious heat of
arousal as she felt and heard the girl's rising desperation. By the time she'd
had the rest she'll be pleading to do anything to avoid another session with the
crop, she thought. Silly bitch... did she really think that they'd stop after
just one caning...?

'Thwock!'

'Aaaaaaaah!'

'Thwockkk...!'

'Og, Pleeeg, slop, slopp! Aaaaaah... PLEEEEGGG!'

'Thwockkk...!'

'Nnnnnggggg!'

'Quiet now... time for a change of position, slut child...' Glenda pulled up on
the torturing nipple-clamps so Helene was forced up onto tiptoe with another
bubbling wail of pain. 'Kid, lets have her wrists tied in front now.' She nodded
towards the wall, 'those fixings between the windows look strong enough...'

Kid reached up, grunting a little as he lifted one of Helene's awards, a metal
plaque, off its hook and leaned his weight on it. 'Yeah, take my weight let
alone hers.' Helene whimpered as he opened a pocketknife and waved the blade in
front of her eyes.  The soft 'snick' of the razor edge cutting the girl's bond's
was muffled by the teenager's dribbling groans as the cramps and thudding agony
of returning circulation in her arms provided a new torment to add to the
throbbing ache in her clamped teats and the stinging pain of the from the weals
across her bottom.

Using a new length of line it was easy for Kid to tie Helene's wrists in front,
any resistance from the pain-wracked girl was stilled by Glenda pulling back on
her hair bunches so the movement of her head dragged mercilessly on her nipple
clamps, tugging the tips up until they pointed at the ceiling. Kid looped the
free end of her wrist tie over the fixing hook and pulled her backwards. The two
of them forced her head between her arms then dragged her feet out so she was
bent back towards the wall, arms stretched and the tender young curve of her
body arched out like an obscene offering.

Glenda tapped the circular base of the vibrator protruding from Helene's cunt.
'Still needs a little something extra... something to make you show us a little
more...' She rummaged in the sports bag. 'Oh yes... just what you need,
darling...'

To Helene, trying to ignore the way Kid was teasing her breasts and outthrust
belly with the riding crop, the leather cuffs and the black, steel rod made no
sense. Two minutes later, with the cuffs tight below each knee and the steel
spreader bar fixed between them, she knew exactly what the device was for as she
fought to keep her balance, her legs now held apart in a wide straddle that left
the core of her body wide open.

'I reckon that clit need the same attention as those pretty tits are getting...'
Glenda fondled the engorged lips, wringing another desperate wail from the
teenager as she rubbed and flicked her fingertips across the jutting stub of
Helene's clitoris. 'Aren't you the lucky one...' The fingers worked the girl's
pleasure centre so she bucked her hips, 'your clit's long enough to take my
little wooden helper here...'

'OG! Pleeg, looooo, glon't, pleeg... PLEEEG!   

Helene writhed madly as she saw Glenda snapping the jaws of the spring-loaded
wooden clothes peg. Her eyes bulged wide, a thin trickle of saliva dribbling
onto her left breast, as she stared down in horror to watch her torturer opening
the soft lips of her cunt and positioning the wooden jaws very carefully on
either side of the roused and slickly erect nerve stub.

Then, Glenda relaxed her grip...

'Oooooooowwwwwwww!'

'Moves well, don't she, Glenda?' Kid chuckled. In front of the two criminals
their eighteen-year-old victim was now doing a frantic thrusting, jerking dance
of pain. High up between the tanned young outspread thighs the wooden peg danced
and bounced gaily at every twitching thrust of Helene's hips. The frenzied
tarantella only made things worse as the cruel jaws remained clamped securely on
either side of the girl's clitoris, every movement making the peg stretch and
twist the tender gobbet of flesh even more and sending fresh stabs of agony
through the strutted teenager's body.

'Kid's going to stripe down your front now... help to spread the heat a little.
But first let's get you buzzin' again...' Helene had hardly taken in Glenda's
words when the woman flicked the switch on the vibrator and the muffled, angry
buzzing started once more. Helene shivered uncontrollably as the sore and tender
membranes of her vagina were tickled and tormented by the maddening little
vibrating nodules lining the latex shaft buried deep inside her.

'Flop ic, pleeg, pleeg flop ic PLEEEG!'

The arch of the teenager's body flexed and bowed as she thrust her hips in and
out, riding her phantom lover. Kid tapped the crop against the tender undersides
of her breasts and then slashed the first stroke down to smack into the crease
where the soft curves met her ribcage.

'Thwop!'

'Yyyyyyyyyaaaaarrrlllgh!'

Glenda yanked her head back so that the thin flesh was stretched even tighter
for the second stroke.

'Thwappp!'

'Nnnnnnnnngggggoooooo! Pleeg, PLEEG!'

'Oh darling, it's wonderful, isn't it... all that pain and still you know you're
going to cum for me, don't you...' She gently tapped the wooden peg, setting up
a steady remorseless rhythm that made Helene jerk in time with each beat of
pain. 'Down lower now Kid, ladder her all the way to her slit whilst I play with
her rubber cock...'

Kid's penis stiffened, the wide glans gleaming wetly with pre-cum as the heavily
veined column bounced and swayed as he lashed the crop down again and again.
Just as his Mistress had ordered he laid a ladder of weals down the tanned
curves of the teenager's arched belly whilst Glenda knelt and twisted the
humming vibrator to and fro. Using the girl's gobbling pleasure noises and
shrieks of pain to guide her she moved the dildo until it was fretting against
that one special place inside the young teenager's vagina.

'Oh yes, that's the place isn't it Helene... juuuust theeeeere!' The low teasing
words were matched by a spastic convulsion from the straddled girl as she was
driven to another explosive climax by the combination of pain and stimulation.
'Whip her mound, Kid and we'll bring her off again.'

Kid's strokes immediately became sharper and faster as he flicked the crop
against the soft bulging vee of the girl's mound reddening the lightly tanned
skin and causing her labia to swell and pout even more obviously. The frantic
surging thrusts became quicker and quicker whilst sticky trickles of moisture
accompanied the gurgling shouts of forced excitement.

For the girl pain and pleasure had mingled become one engulfing surge of
ecstasy. She came and came again as the vibrator continued to torment that
special spot and the black leather crop beat a tattoo against her body.

Finally they freed her arms and let her collapse on the floor, bubbling and
moaning and the vibrator kept her on the edge of yet another orgasm. 'Christ,
Kid, I've got to come... this little fuck slut's so hot she'll melt soon I
reckon...'

'What about me getting'...'

'...Another turn. Don't worry big boy. Plenty to play with yet.' Glenda reached
into the bag once more. 'Time for our pet to have a lead I think...' This time
it was a high, black leather collar and lead that was buckled round Helene's
slim neck. The girl whimpered in relief as the cord from the nipple clamps was
detached from the penis gag

Glenda slipped of her own sodden panties and gasped in pleasure as she slid the
gag's matching black latex dildo into her own dripping cunt. 'Time for you to
repay the favour, mouth slut. You're going to fuck me real good... and then...
well, you'll see. Kid, can you move her arms behind again? Kinda like the idea
of having her kneeling for this...

As Kid hurried to obey, Glenda slowly eased the shiny cock free before clipping
it to the base of the gag. It now seemed that Helene had a full-sized penis
curving out from her mouth. Glenda tugged on the lead so that Helen was forced
to shuffle on her knees to where a table rested against the wall. Glenda sat
back, resting against the wall and lifted her legs, opening them wide so her
cunt gaped wide. She parted the heavy brown lips with the finger so one hand and
pulled on the leash with the other.

'Come on doggie, fuck you mistress's cunt... nicely now.' She guided the thick
latex shaft until the domed head was nuzzling against the wet, pink opening of
her vagina. 'Push doggie, push... aaaaaah! Oh God, yes, go on, push, push...
Yeeeees!' She screamed as the ridged dildo slid easily into her body.  Kid
pulled a battered camera from the case and carefully focussed on the girl's
bobbing head as it moved to and fro. Glenda pulled her thighs up even more, her
fingers strumming the nub of her own clitoris as she felt the ribbed shaft
reaming deep inside the head butting against the rim of her cervix while the
insistent, hornet like vibration kept on building and building that orgasm she
had been waiting for.

'Oh yes, yes I'm coming, Oh God, t-that's soooo goooood! Ah, ah! Aaaaah, I'm
gonna' spray you fuck slut, yes, yes YEEESSSS!'

Jolting and crying with ecstasy Glenda held her labia apart so a thin stream of
piss sprayed across the girl's face. The leash held her in position so she could
only close her eyes against the stinging spray as her head continued to rock to
and fro, continuing the steady, deliberate mouth fucking she was giving her
tormentor.

Eventually, sated with pleasure for the moment,  Glenda pushed her away so the
teenager sprawled across the blue carpet. Kid continued taking photos whilst the
two women recovered. Glenda stretched like a big cat and padded across to the
shivering girl, 'Upsadaisy darling, time to play with that bottom of yours
now...'

She got Helene, trembling and glistening with sweat, to her feet by the simple
expedient of pulling on the black cord from the little silver clamps. 'Now I
guess that we can just hook you up to the same place as before...' Helene
squealed as her breasts were pulled upwards as Glenda hooked the cord over the
wall fastening Kid had used half an hour earlier to hold the girl's hands.
'Mummmm... need to get you displaying those tits a bit more... Kid, there's
another spreader and cuffs in the bag... Clamp our little playmate's arms will
you...'

Kid expertly buckled the cuffs above each elbow and then pulled the struggling
teenager's arms backwards to clip the steel spreader between the cuffs. Now her
arms, just like her legs, were pinioned helplessly only this time the effect was
to compress her shoulder blades and force her breasts into even greater
prominence. Glenda unclipped the mouth dildo but left the penis gag and the
still-buzzing vibrator in place.

'Ig slo tlired, pleeg don't hurlg mlee, pleeg...'

Glenda stroked the girl's jutting globes very delicately. 'Guess what... it's
tit for tat time. I let you fuck me in the arse... now Kid is going to do the
same for you with that cone...'

Helene's scream was the loudest yet as she threw herself against the wall,
ignoring the pain and bruises as she tried to clench her buttocks and arch away
from the horrible tapered rubber device that Kid was holding. Glenda rubbed her
fingers in the juices coating Helene's thighs before anointing the cone so that
the bulb at the top and the widening rings all glistened and gleamed with her
cum.

Just like the devilish vibrator, the teenager could see the cone had tie strings
dangling from the base. 'Okay baby... let's see how well Melissa fucked you...
Kid, try three ring to start with... slowly though, don't want to tear her
yet...'

'Pleeeeg! Mufff, nuh, nuh, nuh! Gggggggggggggaaalhhhh!'

Kid held the cone by its base and touched the grape-sized nodule on the tip
against the rosette of the girl's anus. Using a slow twisting movement he pushed
the bulb inside then waited for Glenda to begin. Just as a few minutes earlier,
Glenda began to twist and move the vibrator against the girl's wildly sensitive
tissues.

This was a familiar and enjoyable game between them. As the girl responded to
the vibrator so she relaxed slightly and Kid was able to work the cone a little
deeper. Then, as she bucked at the stretching pain in her anus, Glenda flicked
the torture peg still gripping her clitoris.

Millimetre by millimetre the evil black cone was worked inside. Helene screamed
when her anus popped over the first ring... She screamed even more when the
second ring went in. The two of them worked her up to a frenzy then, on the peak
of cumming once again, Glenda undid the peg and began flicking the swollen bud
with her fingertip. As the sensation and the blazing pain of circulation
triggered her orgasm, so Kid twisted the cone again and felt the sudden jolt as
the third ring slipped up into the girl's agonisingly stretched rectum.

'Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiaaaaarrrrrgggghhhh!'

The animal scream echoed in the elegant room as pain and pleasure once again
forced Helene into realms of feeling she'd never imagined. As she jerked and
cried, Kid held her so that Glenda could tie the cone in place. Almost as an
afterthought she flicked the vibrator off as well. Then, knowing exactly what
would happen, they stood back.

Helene, writhing and lost in the throes of passion, finally relaxed and fell,
collapsing in a near faint... or would have done if she'd remembered how she was
tied.

'Aaaaaarrrrggggghhhh!'   

This time the cry was a single scream of pure agony as she ripped the two clips
from her nipples as she fell to the floor. Still gagged she flopped around like
a landed fish trying to do something... anything to help soothe the blazing
agony in the raw tip of each breast.

'Silly bitch... all her own fault too...' Kid grinned as he watched the flopping
figure. He chuckled as Glenda reached down and ripped open the Velcro fastenings
and removed the penis gag. 'Oh yes, my turn again...yes?'

'Yeah, Kid, kneel up on the table I used whilst I get missy here ready for her
next performance...' Glenda whispered in Helene's ear. 'Time for you to suck Kid
again... Choice is yours. Nice and easy... or do you want me to lift you by
those tits of yours...?'

'Nooo, don't, no I'll d-do what you w-want...'

Okay, then, come over to the piano, there's one thing you need.' She held two
polished rods for the teenager to study. 'You wear these or I put those clips
back on... What'll it be?'

'W-what are they, what are they for...?

Glenda's hand cupped the full globe of Helene's breast. 'They're titty clamps...
hold you firm whilst you deal with Kid's excitement.'

'Oh no, no, no I can't ... Arrrggghh!' 

Glenda tweaked the raw peak of the teenager's left breast. 'Then I'll get the
clips from the wall shall I...?

Helene shook her head frantically and stood waiting. Glenda tucked one bar under
the girl's breasts and laid the second across the upper swell of both. Putting
the first of the industrial strength elastic bands over the bars at one end was
easy. Then Glenda clamped down on the other end...

She was able to slip the band into place before Helene reacted, pressing the
soft globes so that the ends ballooned out, bulging and bright pink. Of course
she had not told the teenager that using the rods would also make the nipples
swell and stick out even more... adding to the pain cause by the earlier torture
of the clamps. Neither did she mention how the breast bars would prepare those
tender tip for the beating they would be getting later on from a very thin and
whippy rattan cane than was still hidden in the toy bag...

Tying the bars was enough torture for the moment though. Helene was whimpering
and crying once again as Glenda led her back to the table where Kid was
kneeling, the thick, wet shaft of his cock arching up like a domed pipe from the
thicket of his groin. Glenda flicked the free end of the wrist rope over the
light fitting and lifted Helene's arms so she was forced to bend towards the
gleaming head of Kid's penis.

'Thwock!'

Helene's mouth opened in shock and Kid thrust the wide glans between her lips as
Glenda swung the crop across the stripes already lacing the young teenager's
bottom. 'Get sucking, fuck slut, the quicker Kid comes... the quicker I stop...'

The second stroke punctuated Glenda's words and the girl opened her mouth to
engulf the hot male thickness once again.

As the eighteen year old's head began to bob up and down so the flat, thwacks of
the crop sounded a regular pulsing rhythm. Glenda's other hand reached between
the girl's legs and flicked the switch on the vibrator to a higher, stronger
setting.

In her beautifully equipped, soundproof music room, Helen Scott Thomas had only
just begun her performance.


Cortez
All Rights reserved




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





