BDSM Library - The Pony Girl




The Pony Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a young woman's journey to becoming a pony girl, and the man who tames and trains her.  (not bestiality)
The Pony Girl

It hadn't been twenty-four hours since she had become her master's pony girl.
Her 'tail' still felt strange and uncomfortable jammed into her tight little
ass, but what could she do? He had ordered her not to remove it. She had
answered his advertisement in a local newspaper. It said: "Attractive
broadminded female wanted for unusual sex work". No problem, for some time now
she had been thinking, why not get paid for something I enjoy so much?

The interview had been straightforward to begin with, name, age, interests, etc.
It wasn't until after the pay had been mentioned that he informed her she would
be required to wear some kind of kinky pony costume. For that kind of money,
plus her keep, if he had wanted her to dress up as Santa's little helper and
fuck all his reindeer she would have done it. Damn it, as a bar waitress, she
didn't earn that much in a month. An agreement was reached, and she had moved
into his lovely ranch home the following day. Everything would be fine, but just
to be certain she would keep her regular job for a few weeks longer. She would
sneak out to the bar at night, be back a few hours later and no one at the ranch
would know.

"Sure, I will quit immediately," she had cheerfully lied to her new master.

She had to work that evening, but as she soon discovered, even her longest skirt
wouldn't cover her new tail. It hung down from under the hemline, swishing
against the back of her thighs, and so she had tucked it into her panties and
trotted off.   Soon, if everything went according to plan she really would quit
her waitress job. She would stay at the ranch for a few months, earn a lot of
money, and move on. It had been her plan to work and travel across the country,
and although she had no formal qualifications, an attractive young woman like
her never had difficulty finding work. Vivacious and blonde, with beautiful
eyes, and a lovely body, she was a young woman people enjoyed being around.

The bar was in the rougher side of town, frequented mainly by cowboys,
farmhands, and their women. The pay wasn't good, however it hadn't taken her
long to realize low cut blouses and high hemlines opened wallets. Smoky and
noisy, it always got louder as the evening worn on and the men drank more. That
was always her best chance at getting heavy tips. As she chatted, flirted, and
served drinks she would bend right over, giving everyone a good long look at her
ripe tits, and letting them almost fall out of her partly open blouse. Often her
short tight skirt would ride right up her hips, and another customer, almost
always a man, would playfully slap her ass. More generous tips!

On this particular night it was busier than she had expected. The other girl she
worked with hadn't turn up and there seemed to be more customers than usual, and
so she had been far too busy to think about the day's earlier events. She had
almost forgotten about her tail, and hadn't been aware it had dropped out until,
leaning over a table, she felt someone tugging on it. Startled by the sensation,
she spun around to see a tall and ruggedly handsome man grinning down at her. He
wore a shabby cowboy hat, a checked shirt, and well-worn chaps. His sharp blue
eyes sparkled with amusement against his tanned and leathery face as he
announced, "Well will you look at this boys, we got ourselves a pony girl!"

She felt her face flush with embarrassment. Her immediate reaction was to move
away, but he was too fast. He was an experienced cowboy, used to dealing with
wild and spirited mares. She was no match for his swift hand. Before she knew it
he had her pinned face down on a nearby table, then tapping the toe of one of
his dusty boots against the inside of her ankles he had pushed her legs apart.

"Easy now girl," he whispered, the hardness of his body now resting against the
warm softness of hers.

His soothing tone made her relax; that however was a big mistake. Within seconds
he had slipped a leather bridle over her face, and buckled it firmly behind her
head. As he latched leather reins to it, she felt a hard metal bit pressing
against her mouth and tongue. Keeping a firm grip on the straps, he then ran his
free hand up under her skirt to stroke the insides of her thighs.

She struggled to pull herself free as he slipped his fingers inside one leg of
her panties to feel her wet cunt, but his strength totally overpowered her. She
tried to protest as he gently pinched her swollen clit, but the bit in her mouth
muffled her voice. Glaring angrily around the room she heard the men whistling
and cheering, and several of women nearby laughing.

"Good girl," he told her, pulling on the reins and forcing her away from the
table then down onto the floor on her hands and knees. "I've been breaking in
wild fillies for over ten years now. I've yet to come across one I can't train
to my ways."

Someone handed him a crop, and he grinned as slapped the back of her legs and
couple of times with quick sharp strokes. The stinging pain made her flinch. She
kicked one leg back as high as she could manage, but her efforts were in vain.

"Don't make me have to use this too often now little filly," he warned.

Again she tried to protest, but her muffled cries were rewarded by another sharp
and stinging slap as he refused to release her.

How long will marks like this last, she wondered? It was then as she began to
worry about exactly how she would explain the welts to her new master, that she
felt a tug on her skirt. It was followed by the sound of fabric ripping, then
another tear as her panties fell around her knees and onto the floor. She gasped
- the night air felt cool on her wet and warm cunt, as she realized the lower
half of her body had been completely exposed.

A sly thought occur to her, maybe I should just co-operated.  She hadn't had a
fuck all day and she was more than really for a man now. As she turned her head
to look back, the bulge in his trousers revealed the cowboy had a good hard cock
tonight.

Noticing where her eyes were focused, he walked around in front of her, jerked
on the reins and forced her head and face upwards. He grinned as he unbuckled
his belt and then unzipped his trousers, slipping one hand inside to pull out
his cock to let it drop in front of her. Oh yes, she had been correct, he had a
full and throbbing erection. She felt a familiar tingling between her legs as
she moved towards it. Unable to control herself, saliva began dripped down her
chin as she tried to take it into her mouth, but no it was useless. She wanted
so much to take that lovely big cock into her mouth. Again she tired, this time
she managed to get her the tip of her tongue past the bit to taste his precum,
but nothing more. So long as she was wearing that damned bridle she wasn't going
to be sucking any cock. Her disappointment amused him and he laughed out loud,
telling her, "Only good little pony girls get treats."

Frustrated and angry, she let out a loud huffing sound as she hit her fist down
on the floor, however that only served to entertain those watching even more. 
Several of the men standing around also had their cocks out and were now
stroking themselves. The sight of them made her crotch even wetter, as she began
to feel the warm throbbing sensation of needing to be fucked.

"Good girl," he reassured her, moving back behind her to stroke her smooth
thighs and ass, while still keeping a tight grip the reins. His hand then moved
down under her tail to probe her velvety cunt. As he slid his fingers in and out
warm wetness tickled down the inside of her thighs.

"I think this little filly is in heat boys. She needs fucking real bad," he
smirked, putting the emphasis on 'real'. And he was damn right!

The next thing she knew he was kneeling between her spread legs, pressing his
hard cock against her cunt, but making no attempt to enter her.

Fuck him! Why isn't he fucking me? I need a good hard cock now, she thought,
shivering silently with frustration at the delay.

She pushed her hips back, but he just laughed and pulled back. She shook her
head in frustration, causing her long blond hair to fall around her face. She
tired to reach down and touch herself, but as she did he jerked sharply on the
reins again.

"Not yet little filly girl, not until I'm ready to take you."

Her whole body quivered.

Unsure of what to do next she closed her eyes she let her head drop down.

Suddenly his cock rammed into her wet sex. It felt so fucking good she was sure
she would climax almost immediately, but her pleasure was brought to an abrupt
halt by another sharp and stinging slap to her ass.

"Not yet little filly, not until you feel the reins loosen," he told her,
pulling her head back, and forcing her face up. Closing her fists tightly she
thumped them on the floor several times, however he chose to ignore her and
continued to fuck her as he pleased. His cock felt so good it was almost
impossible for her not to climax. She wanted to release herself badly, but the
threat of another slap forced her hold back. Her whole body was now damp with a
cool sweat and she heard her heavy tits slapping against her flesh with each
thrust.

Fuck I can't possibly hold on any longer, please don't make me do it, she
silently pleaded.

It was just then to the cheering and shouting of the many watching she felt the
reins loosen. Her cries were muffled as her whole body shook and quivered from
the sensation of his cock spurting his hot seed inside her. She closed her eyes
and let his bulging cock fill her and with heated pleasure, and a climax that
seemed to shake her entire body. He slumped over her for couple of minutes. His
breath was hot and heavy on the back of her neck. She felt her heart pounding as
she remained down on her hands and knees inhaling deeply to regain her breath.
He then pulled his cock out and stood triumphantly behind her. Looking around
the room he held up the reigns and announced with a grin, "Ok boys who wants to
be next?"

"Oh yea, I wanna a ride of that sweet pony for sure!" Another much younger man
called out as he stepped forward; his fully erect cock out and ready as he then
knelt down between her legs.

The crowd cheered and whistled.

"Rider her cowboy!"

"Yeehaaaaaaa!"

His cock slipped easily inside her dripping cunt.

Fuck him! I'm not ready for another fuck just yet, she thought as she felt his
balls slapping against her ass.

His inexperience became obvious when he carelessly he let the reins drop. She
jerked away, kicking him in his belly and causing him to tumble backwards. As he
fell awkwardly on the floor with his legs spread wide and his cock fully
exposed, everyone howled with laughter. He scowled, then stood up and brushed
himself down, mumbling under his breath as he moved away.

A couple of the others managed to mount her, but none fucked her with the same
power and force as the cowboy. She couldn't remember the last time she felt such
a magnificent climax.  The others were just boys,  he was a man. 

Hours later exhausted and wrapped in a horse blanket she stumbled to her car and
drove back to the ranch.  

The following morning she woke early. She felt a little stiff and sore and
wondered why, and then she remembered the previous evening's events. Oh, what a
night it had been! Now, the last thing she wanted was for her new master to find
out what she had been up to so she had crept in ever so quietly. Fortunately for
her the stables, where she slept, were quite a distance from his room. It was
large house by anyone's standards, complete with servants' wing. Set on
sprawling grounds with lush paddocks and gardens. It was very different from the
tiny flat down town she had had shared with the two other girls. It was a lovely
place to live.

Now the stables were not like you might think. They were not designed for four
legged ponies. No, these were for the master's lovely two-legged variety. Each
spacious stall had been well appointed. A large bed to the side of the room set
very low to the floor, a couple of pieces of occasional furniture, and a large
bathroom towards the back. He had been generous with their accommodation; as a
very wealthy man, he could afford to be. He could buy just about anything he
wanted badly enough, and so he did. Two other pony girls lived at the house.

Turning her head on her pillow she remembered she was still wearing the leather
bridle. She had meant to remove the stupid thing before going to bed, but had
simply been too exhausted. She had intended to do it even before getting back,
only she had been unable to unfasten the silly buckle. So, she had fallen asleep
with her tail in and the bridle on. Sleep had come easily that night, regardless
of the uncomfortable pony gear.

Sitting up in bed she considered the previous evening's events. At first she had
panicked when he had slipped the bridle over her head, and his nasty crop sure
had stung her poor little ass; however, it had all be worth it to feel his huge
throbbing cock inside her later. Maybe this pony thing is a fetish a number of
men in this town enjoyed. It was after all a town deep into the rural area, not
at all like the city where she had grown up. Or maybe some of these men have
been around horses too long, she though with a smirk.

She was certain her master would not approve of his new pony girl enjoying being
fucked by other men, and common workers at that, but he would never have to find
out. Besides, she may have allowed the first one to fuck her, but she felt quite
sure he would have been proud of her the way she bucked the others as they had
tried to mount her. The sight had amused those watching, sufficiently that most
had jerked off within a few minutes anyway. She hadn't really been interested in
any more men that night once the cowboy had fuck her. Why his big hard cock...
she giggled softly and mused - a cowboy who's hung like a horse.

Sleepily she slipped off her bed and knelt on the floor. Again she fumbled
around with the metal buckle behind her head, but she couldn't seem to unfasten
it. She began to worry. Her new master would surely come looking for her soon.
She heard footsteps outside, and then looked up to see her master standing there
in the doorway, but who was that standing next to him? Fuck! It was the cowboy
from the previous night. Had he told her master she had sneaked off to the bar
last night?

"Yes, I thought you would be surprised to see Roy here my sweet little pony
girl," her master said, his lips curling into a thin smile. "I have hired him to
train you. He is one of the most experienced trainers I know. Of course I will
be watching your sessions from now on. I want to make sure my money is being
well spent, and it will please me very much to observe."  Then turning to the
cowboy, "I see you have bridled her already Roy."

The cowboy didn't reply. Remembering his time with her, he simply smiled and
licked his lips as he stared down at her lovely nakedness.

As the two men stood side by side she couldn't help be notice how different they
were. Patrick, her master was older, a slim almost thin man, immaculate in his
grooming, with dark slightly graying slicked back hair. His clothes were well
tailored and looked quite new. Here was man clearly unaccustomed to manual
labor. The cowboy on the other hand was a big man. His shoulders, chest, and
neck were thick and muscular, his face tanned and weathered, and his light brown
hair tussled and unruly. The clothes he wore, jeans and boots, were casual and
looked scruffy next to her master's. Clearly he was a man who made his living
working hard with his hands and body.

Patrick walked over to the side of her stall and sat down in a large comfortable
chair. He opened a small silver case he was holding, took a cigarette out and
casually lit it. Inhaling deeply he then leaned back in readiness to watch.

"You may begin Roy," he said with a wave of this well manicured hand.

The cowboy strolled over to where she was kneeling, and stood beside her.

He was a tall man, yet she had the feeling even if he hadn't been she would have
still felt his masculine dominance over her.

"Get down on your hands and knees girl" he ordered, pointing his leather crop to
the floor.

She glanced across to her master for his reaction, however her hesitation cost
her a sharp and stinging slap to her bare ass. Her body jerk as it struck. She
glared angrily up at him and then dropped down to all fours.

Roy reached down and picked up her reins, giving them a quick jerk to gain her
full attention.

"You will remain on your hands and knees at all time when in my presence. You
will not speak. You will stamp your 'hoof' on the floor once for yes and twice
for no. You will not touch yourself without permission. That sweet little cunt
is for the use and pleasure of others now", he told her, tapping his crop
between her thighs, and adding, "Obey me and you will learn fast. Give me any
trouble and you will be punished. Is that clear girl?"

Her mind raced, trying to think how she could outwit this man. He may have been
a great fuck last night, but today his arrogance was just plain irritating,
however, rather than suffer another slap, she hit her fist down on the floor
once.

Who the hell does this man think he is ordering me about like this? She thought,
I'm not his property. If he thinks he can 'train' me to 'his ways', he had
better think again. I'm not a horse or pony, even if I did agreed to wear this
stupid gear.

"That's a good girl" he smirked, stroking the side of her lovely face with his
fingertips, but as he did she swung her head around and sunk her teeth into the
side of his wrist.

"Fuck!" He hissed, as he jerked hand away.

"I warned you she might be a fiery one Roy," her master chuckled.

The cowboy held his hand to his mouth for a moment, and then he grinned and told
her, "I think I'm going to enjoy taming and training a frisky little filly like
you."

Once again he pulled on her reins, he wanted her closer to the bed, but she
resisted. A couple of quick sharp slaps to the back of her thighs however
convinced her to obey. He wrapped the leather straps tightly around the bar at
the end of her bed, and then moved quietly behind her. She tried to turn her
head to see what he was doing, but the reins were tethered too tightly. Again
and again she felt the sharp sting of his crop on her ass and the back of her
legs. Sharp strikes that left stinging burning welts on her soft flesh. She
closed her eyes tightly and braced herself; determined not to make a sound. Not
because she feared further punishment, but because she didn't want to give him
the satisfaction of hearing her cry out. Again and again he used his crop to
lash her with his full force. After several minutes he stopped. Her ass and the
back of her legs felt like they were on fire. Tears had now formed in her eyes
and were trickling down her cheeks as she quietly sobbed and sniffed, and
lowered her head. She could hear him breathing heavily behind her. It had taken
quiet an effort to whip her ass like that.

"Good little pony girls don't bit. Are you going to behave, or do you need more
convincing?"

Reluctantly hit her fist on the floor.

Leaving her tethered to the bed, he leaned down to her, and gently stroking the
hot welts on her ass and legs with his rough hands. He smiled as spoke. "You
know I don't like having to hurt pretty little fillies like you. You're going to
be good for me now aren't you?"

Again she hit her fist on the floor.

Little wonder the old man had to have this one, Roy mused. Her skin was smooth
and the color of light honey, her legs long and lean. Her hair, soon to be
trimmed into a mane was long, soft, and golden. Gently he pushed his hand up
between her thighs and under her tail. Her cunt felt warm and wet to touch.

Fuck it, I can't believe I'm getting paid for doing this, he thought smugly.

He stood up and leaned over her to release the reins from the bed, leaving the
tip of his crop on her ass. "That's it girl, keep your ass nice and high. Now
show Roy how you move with your head up nice and high."

Keeping a firm hand on her reigns and the crop ready and resting on her ass, he
watched as she crawled around him.

"There that wasn't so hard to do now was it? Good little pony girls get treats"
he explained, grinning and pulling something out of his pocket. It was a rubber
dildo. He held it in his hand and beckoned her come closer, offering it to her.
The sight of it made her hot little pussy tingle and she lunged toward it,
licking at the soft phallic toy. He reached down and stroked her hair with his
free hand, but then suddenly pulled the dildo away.

"That's enough treat for now", he told as he threw it to one side.

She shook her head in frustration. That served to amuse both men. "I see this
one is a hot little cock lover," Roy observed, looking across at Patrick and
smirking.

Slowly he stroked his hand down over her back and ass. He had a gentle touch
that she found both soothing and arousing. She relaxed, but then felt something
being placed on her back, and a strap of some kind being pulled around and under
her belly.

"Easy girl, it's just your saddle," he whispered.

The saddle was fashion of black leather; it was too small to sit in, however
that was not its purpose. Two solid leather handles were fitted to the sides of
it. As she was soon to learn, it was designed so her ass could be held firmly in
place, while she was fucked from behind.

"Now let's make sure this is all fitted correctly."

She heard the sound of his belt being unbuckled and his metal zipper opening.
Remembering back to the previous night, she hoped he had another good hard
erection, and that he intended to use it on her. He picked up her reins again
and tugged lightly on them as he moved behind her, before taking a firm grip on
the handles. She felt his hard hot cock pressing against her wet and warm sex -
teasing her. Glancing over at her master, she  could see he now had his own cock
out and was slowly stroking himself as reclined back in the chair and watched.
Frustrated, she tried to rear up, but he gave her ass another quick and sharp
slap with his crop.

"Down girl," he told her tugging on her reins again.

"You'll get fucked when I'm ready."

Again he pressed just the tip of his cock against her. She tried to push her
hips back to ease his cock inside her cunt, but his grip was too strong on the
saddle.

"This little filly is hot, she needs some cock real bad," he quipped, and both
men chuckled.

A low moaning sound escaped from her, and her long blond hair fell down around
her face as she again shook her head. Her cunt was on fire. Her whole body was
now covered in a damp perspiration. She wanted his cock now! She wanted to
speak... to scream out and tell him how much she wanted him to fuck her. That
she would be a good little pony girl, and do anything he asked if only he would
give her a good hard fucking right now, but the bit in her mouth made her words
muffled and inaudible.

"Nice and still now little pony girl. Keep your head high and let your master
see that desire in your eyes."

At that time with his hard hot cock resting on her warm cunt she would have done
just about anything for him - anything at all. She held herself still for what
felt at least a half hour, but in reality was only perhaps only two or three
minutes.

Then suddenly and without warning he rammed himself deep inside her. She moaned
as he plunged his cock in and out.  Each thrust seemed to penetrate her deeper.
The night before, when he had taken her, she had thought perhaps he was the best
fucking fuck she had ever experienced; now however, she was sure of it!

"That's it girl, take it all." Then leaning over her, and pressing his muscular
body down against her back and shoulders, he added in a whispered tone,
"Remember what I told you last night when I fucked you. You don't cum until I
release your reins."

Holding her head firmly in place, and not allowing any slack in the reins, he
fucked her hard and fast with his huge throbbing cock. She heard the slapping
sound of his heavy balls hitting against her wet cunt, and his breath, as it
became heavy pants. She wanted to rock her hips back to meet his thrusts, but he
held her firmly just where he wanted her to be. He was in total control of her
pleasure.

Her mouth dropped open and a whinnying sound escaped her lips, as he fucked her
like he was a wild stallion she was his mare. At last she felt the reins loosen
and she knew she would be allowed to climax. He released his grip on her saddle.
Rearing up she felt his hard cock jerk and then exploding inside her. The hot
rush of his seed caused her whole body to quiver in a wave of raw pleasure.

When they had both climaxed Roy pulled back and rested his ass on his heels as
he wiped the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand. His chest pounded
and his breathing remained heavy. Yes, she had been broken in, but now he knew
she would need to tamed and trained.

Her master was pleased.

"I think I'll call this one Tigerpet, Roy," he said thoughtfully nodding his
head as he rubbed his handkerchief over his sticky hands.

And so she began her journey as a pony girl.




The Pony Girl

Part 2

Tigerpet found it easy to relax on her hands and knees. Josh, the stable boy,
had a gentle manner and she enjoyed him stroking the warm sponge down her back
and ass. She shook herself and tiny droplets of water splashed him. He smiled at
her playfulness and continued bathing her.

It had only been a fortnight since she had come to the ranch, and although the
luxurious surroundings were very different from the tiny flat she had shared
with another girls back in town, she had settled in easily. Here she felt
totally pampered. The training was easy, and apart from the occasional
punishment, it took no time to get accustomed to.  Now perhaps she would
consider staying a little longer than she had originally intended.

Her hair had now been trimmed, and shaved back from the sides of her face, to
form a lovely long golden mane down her neck. At first she had been concerned
about having her hair cut. After all, how long would it take to grow back? Then,
she had seen her master's other pony girls. What magnificent creatures they
were. Their hair trimmed like that accentuated their lovely features perfectly.
Why, she thought, I may even keep this style when I move on from here? Parts of
her had been shaved, others waxed, and every bit of stubble had been removed
leaving her body smooth and a soft to touch.

Patrick, her master, had a rule about his new pony girls. He refused to use them
until they had been shaved, tailed, and forbidden from climaxing for five days
prior to their 'presentation'. For almost forty- eight hours now, she had been
watched carefully. During the day, she had a couple of times become frustrated
and touched herself briefly. Those little misdemeanors cost her several sharp
slaps to her ass. At night, her hands were chained to a collar around neck, her
legs spread wide, and her ankles secured to the corners of her bed. It was a
rather uncomfortable way of sleeping, however it was her unfulfilled desires
that were hardest to bear. In three days she would be officially presented, and
her cravings would at last be satisfied. Her master enjoyed it that way.   

Tigerpet shook her body again. Josh began to get quite wet, but he didn't mind.

She enjoyed teasing him. The bit in her mouth may have made it impossible for
her to talk, but it didn't prevent her from having a little fun with him.  

Josh was twenty-two years old, but his curly dark hair falling around his face
and boyish good looks made him look much younger. He'd been working at Patrick's
ranch for almost six months. Or perhaps, more correctly, he had been getting
paid. What the master required him to do could hardly be described as labor.
Upon leaving school early, he had immediately begun working with horses and
ponies.  He enjoyed training and caring from them. When he innocently applied
for this job he had assumed it would be much the same as the others. His
assumption, however, could not have been more wrong.  Josh remembered back to
when he had finished school before his final exams, and left home to go and work
as a ranch hand.

"You'll never make anything of yourself, Joshua," his father had warned him. 

Now earning in a week, what his father made in a month, he wished his old man
could see him now.

The master had three pony girls. Tigerpet was his latest addition, and also
Josh's favorite. Every morning and evening he washed and groomed each one;
always allowed to touch and fondle in any manner he pleased, only one rule
applied, he had to keep his cock in his pants. That frustrated young Josh,
leading him to frequently slip off to a quiet place to stroke away his desires.
Now this particularly filly had caught his eye. What he wouldn't do to fuck her!
He had a plan, and was sure he could get away with it, but only if he was very
careful.

Smiling, he lathered the soap between his hands before rubbing them over her
smooth rump.  "Good girl. You like it when Joshy does your ass don't you?"

She hit her fist lightly on the floor once, to indicate she was enjoying it, and
his smile change to a sly grin.

"Haven't you finished here boy?"

Josh looked up to see Mistress Quinn, the stable mistress, standing over him. 
Still strikingly attractive even in her late thirties, but with a certain
harshness about her, she had little patience with Josh and the other workers.
Cranky and often quick-tempered, only one thing kept her at the ranch, she was
good at what she did - training the pony girls. Even the most stubborn of them
would always come around to her ways. They may have been able to wrap Roy, and
the others, around their little fingers, but not her. Having been a pony girl
herself once, she knew all their little tricks, and had special ways to deal
with those who chose to disobey. First, she would tether their reigns tightly to
a post, or get one of the workers to hold them, and then she would secure their
legs between a leg spreader. Finally she would whip the little troublemaker's
ass.  Of course they would usually try to protest and squirm free, but that only
made her job all the more satisfying!

Roy and the others, she believed, just didn't know how to deal with these pony
girls. It took a woman to do the job properly.

"I'm just finishing up now Mistress Quinn. I thought I might take her for a
little walk before dinner. She's been cooped up in the stables all day."

"Very well boy, but don't let her get too sweaty."

"No Ma'am."

"And be sure not to let her near the pony boys in Mistress Jackson's paddocks."

"No Ma'am"

Yes, the pony boys next door.  Kept quite separate from the fillies, and used
mainly for the pleasure of their mistress and occasionally to entertain guests,
they were not permitted near the pony girls.  Mistress Jackson however allowed
her young stallions a great deal of freedom and it wasn't at all unusual to see
them roaming her ranch unattended.  Once one of them actually broken down the
dividing fence and gain access to Patrick's property.  Fortunately the intruder
had been caught before managing to mount any of the fillies, and had been send
home after a good ass whipping.

Tigerpet had seen one of the magnificent creatures a few days earlier on one of
her walks.  Upon seeing her he had become extremely excited and had reared up
onto the fence. She had seen his big hard cock poking through the gaps, and
struggled wildly to get closer to it, but Josh had dragged her back to the
stables and locked her in her pen until she had settled down.

Tigerpet's such a lovely little thing, Josh thought, as he held the hose over
her body, watching the warm water trickle over her. The master had named his new
pet so because of her nature. She could be very fiery, and he had heard she'd
been difficult to tame, but she was always good for him. A pony girl is really
no different from a real horse, he mused, you just needed to gain her trust then
she will do anything for you.

"Now Joshy is going to dry you, and give you a nice rub down," he said, reaching
for her towel.

Patting it over her body, he then used small circular movements to 'polish' her
soft skin, watching as it gained a soft pinkish glow. He took special care with
her breasts, patting them gently before running his fingers over her nipples to
feel how hard they were. He had seen a couple of the other Master's pony girls
with their nipples pieced. It seemed like such a pity to him, to spoil something
so perfect.

After he dried and brushed her mane, and slipped her bridle on, he gently pushed
her tail into her tight little ass, giving it a light tug to make sure it was
secure, then stroking the length of it, and admiring its beautiful golden color.
It had been fashioned from the hair trimmed from her head. All the pony girls
had matches manes and tails. Finally he placed the saddle on her back, securing
it under her belly.

"Ok now, Joshy is going to take you for a nice walk girl."

He gave her reigns a light jerk, indicating that she should follow him, and they
moved out of the stables and into the lush gardens. Crawling about as she was
required to do, took a little getting use to, however, the floors in the house
were mainly carpeted, and the garden's lawns were soft and spongy. Josh walked
at a slow pace, so she had no trouble keeping up. She shook her head and inhaled
the smell of the fresh air and the sweet perfumed garden. After walking a little
further, to a more secluded area full of heavy foliage, they stopped.

Tethering her reigns to a nearby tree, Josh took a sly look around, satisfying
himself that no one was nearby. This was his opportunity. Unzipping his
trousers, he pulled out his semi-hard cock.

"This is what you want isn't it girl?"

Tigerpet felt as if he was offering her candy, and his childish and wide-eyed
manner amused her. Actually she preferred a more experienced man. Roy, her
trainer, was older and very experienced. She knew there would be trouble if she
let him fuck her, but then she thought, why not have a little fun with the kid?
What harm can a little teasing do?

Moving closer, she rubbed the side of her face against his cock. She tried to
lick it, but the bit in her mouth prevented it, so she had to be content with
brushing her lips over his hardness instead. Almost immediately his cock jerked
to a full erection. Yes, his cock was big and inviting now, however, she wasn't
about to jeopardize her position at the ranch by fucking the stable boy.

He knelt down next to her, slowly stroking the length of her spine. He often
touched her like that, so it seemed harmless enough.   His fingers then slipped
down under her tail and between her legs, pressing and prodding her wet
warmness. That sure felt good. His other hand found its way under her body to
stroke her breasts... her nipples... her belly... and more.

Oh fuck, the boy is good! She thought as he held his fingers over her sex.

It felt as if he was holding her heat in his hand. Her whole body trembled and
burnt with desire, as a loud muffled cry escaped from her. It startled Josh, and
he lurched back. His breath was heavy, and cock standing to attention, as he
stared down at her.

Clearly he was having second thoughts...  but not for long.

Running his fingers though her silky mane, he moaned as he looked down at her
smooth, honey colored body.  He wanted her so badly, but still he hesitated. The
job was the best he'd ever had. What if someone saw him? What if Mistress Quinn
caught him? All this and more ran through his head, but when it all boiled down,
the one thing that bothered him the most was... What if I never get another
opportunity like this one?

He moved around behind her, positioning himself between her legs, gently rubbing
one hand up and down the insides of her smooth thighs, before once again feeling
the warmth of her sex.

Moving closer, Josh's heart pounded as he rubbed his cock against her soft ass,
and he inhaled her sweet scent. He had to have her now! In a rush of primitive
excitement, he tried clumsily to push his cock into her cunt. She shook her ass.
His cock slipped. She tried to move away. He grabbed her saddle. Her tail got in
the way. He pushed it to one side. Then, holding the base of his cock and with a
guttural moan he forced himself deep inside her with a single thrust. Closing
his eyes, he savored the velvety smoothness for a moment, then pulling back, and
with an uncontrollable urgency, he began to pump her hard and fast.

Tigerpet had been reluctant at first, but now she felt a sense of relief, and
near release as he entered her. She wanted to tell him to slow down, to enjoy it
and make it last, but the bit in her mouth prevented it. Josh was young and
inexperienced, but his cock felt so good after so long, she wasn't about to
reject it now.

"What the fucking hell is going on here?" A woman's voice bellowed.

She felt Josh lurched back, or was he pulled? Either way, his cock was gone!

Startled, she quickly glanced over her shoulder and saw Mistress Quinn and Roy.

"Roy, you know the boy has been warned about this!"

"I know. I know."

"Well Patrick is going to have to be told."

Josh stood up and fumbled about, trying to get his cock back in his pants.

Mistress Quinn swung her crop back, and hit him hard across his ass and let out
a loud yelp.

"You just couldn't keep your cock in your pants, could you boy!" she scolded.

A sly little grin crept across Roy's lips as he said, "You take the boy back to
the house Quinn, I'll deal with the little filly."

As they walked away, Josh could be heard mumbling words of apology, as Mistress
Quinn continued chastising him. As their voices faded, Roy turned to Tigerpet.

"Who's a horny little pony girl, then?" He asked, smirking and leaning down to
stroke her ass and tail.

She tried to rock her body back to feel the pressure of his fingers, but he
laughed and pulled them away. Burning with frustration and anger, she reached
under her belly and between her legs. Her fingers had only just touched her soft
folds, when she felt the burning sting of Roy's crop on her ass. She pulled her
hand away, and glared up at him.

"So the little pony girl needs some cock, does she?" 

She shook her head, not in disagreement, but in sheer frustration. Then hit her
fist on the ground as she had been trained, to indicate - 'yes'.

He untied her reins and gave them a light tug, pulling her to one side. She
didn't really need to move. Josh had no trouble fucking her from that angle, but
Roy enjoyed leading her around. It was part of her training.  It served to
remind her of exactly who was in charge.

"Stay," he told her, now resting his crop on her ass. The crop was small and
flexible, designed to deliver quick sharp slaps. One or two strikes would
usually bring her around to his way of thinking. As the training progressed
however, the mere touch of his crop was usually sufficient.

Tigerpet heard the sound of Roy's belt being unbuckled, then his zipper being
released. Closing her eyes, she silently begged, please fuck me now.

"This is what you want, isn't it girl?" he said, pulling his already hard cock
out, and then stroking it's bulbous head with his rough fingers.

Fuck yes! She slammed her fist down on the ground, and her breath became a pant
as she felt the animal desire in her ready to explode. The wetness between her
legs now dripped down the inside of her thighs, and her nipples tingled with
anticipation.

"Then show Roy how Tigerpet begs for it."

His manner was smug as he continued stroking himself.

Her minded raced. Damn him. Why can't he just fuck me? Why does he have to tease
me like this? Can't he see how badly I need it?  Of course he can, the fucking
bastard!

Taking a deep breath, she lifted herself up to rest her ass on her heels. Then,
cupping her hands to her chest, she looked up at him and began to make little
whimpering noises.  Her full breasts quivered against her forearms, as she
bounced her body up and down, and Roy smiled in amusement.

"Good girl."

Gazing down at her nakedness, he then reached forward and cupped her left breast
in one of his large hands, before gently caressing the erect nipple between his
thumb and finger.

His touch sent a shiver though her whole body. Pressing her legs together, she
slowly rubbed one thigh against the other, in an effort to give the heat between
her legs some relief, but Roy was quick to see what she was doing.

"You know you are forbidden from closing your legs girl!" he scolded, giving the
side of her ass a couple of quick sharp slaps with his crop.

Tigerpet gasped and spread her legs again, drawing on all her inner strength not
to scream out as loudly as the bit in her mouth would allow. She wasn't about to
do anything stupid that might jeopardize her chance to get what she needed so
badly right now.

"Now get down girl. Roy knows what you want," he told her, leaning down to pick
up her reigns and walking around behind her, as she once again dropped down onto
her hands and knees. Using the toe of his boot, he tapped lightly on the inside
of her ankles, indicating to her to spread them wider. She complied, and he
knelt down between her legs. Flicking her tail up, he let it fall to the side of
her body. He then positioned his hard cock against her warm wetness, then took a
firm grip on her saddle.

"This is what you want isn't it my sweet little Tigerpet?" he said, but before
she had a chance to respond, he had rammed his throbbing cock inside her deeply.

Oh yes! That was what she wanted all right. Nothing else mattered. Nothing else
felt as good as his big hard cock inside her. No other man could possibly
satisfy her like he did, she was convinced of that. He may have been a trainer
of pony girls, but who the hell had trained him? He was the fuck of all fucks!

Time after time he pulled back, only to ram his cock deeper inside her again
with a force that rocked her body forward, and caused her head to jerk back
against the pull of the reigns with each thrust.

His heavy balls slapped against the wetness of her cunt as he leaned over her,
pumping her like a wild stallion mounting his mare.

A low moan escaped him, as he felt the velvet like softness of her cunt
tightening around his throbbing cock. Even if he had wanted to, he was sure he
couldn't have possibly stopped until she had milked every drop of cum from his
cock. The filly was hot!


Tossing her head back, her mane fell across her face. She let out a loud muffed
cry though the bit in her mouth, as the reigns loosened and a wave of heated
pleasure washed over her.

Open-mouthed and panting heavily, as beads of sweat trickled down his face,
Roy's cock exploded, releasing his hot seed deep inside her.

A minute or so later she still hadn't regained her breath as he pulled away. He
looked down at her now glistening body. His own damp shirt clung to his chest,
but in this warmer weather he knew it would soon dry out. No one would have to
know about their little secret.

Glancing down at his watch, he realized that it was just after five o'clock. He
stood up, and slipped his now flaccid cock back in his pants, fastened his belt,
and readjusted his clothing. He smoothed his tousled hair back with one hand,
and then gave Tigerpet an affectionate little pat on her ass.

"Time to get back now girl. It's almost time for dinner, and there's a few
things we need go over about your presentation ceremony."

Tigerpet made a soft murmuring sound as she nodded and hit the ground once.

For the time being she felt satisfied and co-operative.




The Pony Girl

Part 3

Roy gazed down at Tigerpet as she leaned over on all fours and ate the last of
her cereal from the bowl, her lovely bare rump high and her full breasts almost
grazing the floor. Two weeks ago she had come to the ranch as an untidy bar
maid. Now she had been transformed into a lovely well-groomed pony girl.  

How long will this one stay, he wondered. The last pony girl to leave Patrick's
ranch had chosen to move on after only a week, the lifestyle just simply didn't
suit her.  Usually they stayed longer and it wasn't uncommon for a girl to stay
at a ranch for several years.  Others, like Quinn, came and never left.  She now
helped train the pony girls.   Rarely seen without her crop, she believed in the
same strict training and discipline she had been given.

He secured a plume of red feathers to the top of Tigerpet's bridle. Soon she
would be presented to her master, Patrick, in a ceremony to be witnessed by
many. He wondered how he would feel about seeing 'his Tiger' fucked by another
man. Alas, she didn't belong to him; he was merely her trainer.

Roy had begun his career years earlier training real horses. Breaking in the
pony girls was far more rewarding than the four-legged variety, but not all
together that different. He always maintained you just needed to let them know
whose charge. At first He had been reluctant to discipline them, but then as he
soon realized they all needed to feel the sting of a crop, it was a necessary
part of their training.  

Time and working outdoors had weathered Roy. His skin had become leathery and
tanned, and his arms and shoulders strong and muscular. Despite the fact that he
had aged, however, his masculine ruggedness gave him a certain appeal few women
could resist.

"Is she ready?" A smooth feminine voice behind him enquired.

Roy inhaled the sweet familiar scent for a moment, before turning to speak to
the leather-clad woman behind him. Although no longer in her youth Quinn was
still a strikingly attractive woman.  Tall and slim with dark hair, no longer
trimmed in a mane but pulled back in a knot at the back of her head, her
loveliness and confident manner were alluring, and her aloofness a powerful
intrigue. 

"Yes, already." 

"Here you'll need this," she told him, offering him a leather strap.

Roy took it and latched it to Tigerpet's bridle before giving it gentle tug.

Tigerpet nodded her head contentedly and, crawling beside him followed him into
the main arena.

Maybe in the original design of the house this room would have been used as a
ballroom. Large, with a dark polished floor, and a spectacular chandelier
hanging from the ceiling, that's probably exactly what it had been intended for.
Now however, it served as her Master's entertaining area where he and his
friends would gather to exhibit their pony girls, and demonstrate their various
training techniques.

As Roy led her into the room they were met with the sweet smell of leather and
sweat. Twenty or so men and women sat around on sofas and lounges, each of them
with their pony girl or girls tethered close by.

Master Patrick sat on the opposite side of the room, chatting with his friend
and neighbor, Master Doug whose two pony girls, Silky and Satin, sat either on
side of him. Tanned Silky, with her smooth platinum mane and tail, contrasted
nicely with Satin's fair skin and dark mane and tail. Both wore bridles and
saddles of black leather with shiny silver trims.

Roy chuckled as he remembered back to their last visit. Doug had made the
mistake of paying too much attention to Silky, stroking her mane, and playing
with her tail. Satin had become jealous and bitten Silky's shoulder. She had
tried to bit her again, but their master had stepped in. A couple of sharp slaps
to her rump with his crop calmed her down. Now however, he preferred not to
chance placing them sided by side.

On the other side sat an attractive and well-dressed woman in her late thirties
- Mistress Alana. As always, her only pony girl, Lacey knelt close by. To the
others it seemed Alana treated her more like a pampered pet than a pony girl.
When the food trays were being passed around, the other pony girls would be
required to remain still and wait to be fed later in the stables.   Mistress
Alana, however, would cause many an eyebrow to raise when she would hand fed her
little Lacey what ever was being offered.


Unlike the other long limbed pony girls, Lacey was petite. Her eyes were big and
green, her mane and tail a warm chestnut brown. She had certain timidness about
her, especially around people with whom she was unfamiliar. Ever mindful of
this, her mistress would constantly stroke her, and whispered words of
reassurance.

Although some did keep pony boys, none were ever present ceremonies like this. 
Extra precautions need to be taken with stallions, they tended to be stronger
and generally more aggressive, especially around the pony girls.  And so it was
easier to just not include them.   

A hush fell as Roy and Tigerpet entered. A few whispers could be heard as he
proudly paraded her around the room, giving each guest an opportunity to view
her before leading her into the center of the room.  Her eyes narrowed and her
nostrils flared.  She gave a curious look to the wooden holding pen that had
been set up.

Her left flank itched. She lifted her hand to scratch it, but the lovely silver
hoof mitts secured firmly around her wrists restricted her fingers. Glancing up
at Roy, she then gently rubbed up against his leg instead. He smiled and leaned
down to gently pat her ass.

Broadminded as she was this had still seemed a little odd to her at first,
however, over couple of weeks she had been surprised at how naturally she had
taken to her new role. Yes, she must always try to do her best, not so much
because of what she was being paid, but for Roy, her trainer. She must always
try to please him. Good little pony girls got so suck his lovely big cock, and
are fucked good and hard. Bad little pony girls got their asses whipped with his
nasty crop.

Patrick stepped forward. As always he looked immaculate with his slicked back
hair and fresh shirt, and his leather chaps had none of the worn look of Roy's.
He leaned down to pat Tiger's head, then traced the side of her face with his
fingers; they felt soft and smooth, not at all like her trainer's rough hands.

"You've done a fine job with this one."

"Thank you, it was a pleasure, Sir"

"You may place her in the holding pen now. It's time for her branding."

Branding? She had seen those on the other pony girls, but never in her wildest
dreams had it occurred to her that she might be forced to have one. Fuck it! 
She began to panic. I never agreed to that! Now if that bastard thinks he's
going to mark me, he better think again.

She reared up, and tired to shout, but the bit in her mouth muffled her
protests.

Roy grabbed the strap attached to her bridle and keeping a firm grip, forced her
down again.

"Easy girl," he told her, holding the strap with one hand and the top of her
saddle with the other. This one had bitten him before and he wasn't about to
chance letting her do it again.

Still she resisted, shaking her head so her mane fell down across her face as
she tried to pull away. Roy reached over in an attempt to swat her ass with his
crop, but she managed to avoid his swing by swerving her body to one side.

Several of those watching grinned and sniggered.

This was not at all the way Roy had planned for it to be.  He forced a little
smile to mask his anger.  He would deal with this willful and disobedient filly
later. For now he would remain calm and in control.

"I see you haven't cooled any of this one's fire," Patrick quipped, laughing as
he jumped clear.

Just then Mistress Quinn stepped forward.

"It looks like you need a hand here, " she told Roy, making not attempt to hide
her impatience.

One quick sharp slap of her crop to Tigerpet's ass caused her to jerk forward
towards the opening. A second forced her to jump forward and inside the holding
pen. Before she was able to move back, she found herself enclosed with her strap
tethered so tightly to the bar at the front she could barely move her head.

Enraged and frustrated she began to kick back against the wooden gate. The
racket startled poor Lacey. Her mistress frowned at Tigerpet then slipped her
arms protectively around her precious little pony girl. 

"Can't you control that damned pony of yours Patrick? Can't you see she's
upsetting my little one?"

Mistress Quinn obviously believed she could do something, and so she did.  She
slapped Tigerpet's ass twice more, leaving more red and stinging welts on her
now tender ass.

Roy shook his head and then stepped forward, stroking her back and mane to calm
her down as he whispered words of reassurance.

"Easy girl, it isn't that painful. Besides it's a honor for you to wear your
master's initial."

Not convinced she continued to struggle, pulling hard on the strap.

Not that painful! How the hell would he know, Tigerpet thought.

Between her muffled protests and kicking she didn't notice what was happening
behind her until suddenly she felt a searing pain in her left buttock, as the
hot branding iron pressed against her skin. She smelt flesh burning - her flesh!
Her whole body convulsed, she let out a loud muffled cry as tears began to well
up in her eyes, and Mistress Quinn performed one of her favorite duties.

She had been marked, branded like an animal.

Her mind began to race. He's got no right to do that no matter how much fucking
money he's paying me.  And who's going to pick up the cost of having this thing
removed later? She wondered. Then something far more devious occurred to her. I
can sue him for disfigurement. That bastard's going to pay and pay big!

"There that wasn't so bad now was it?" Roy told her, leaning over the side of
the pen and rubbing a soothing ointment into her skin. It felt good, and
immediately eased the pain.

Roy stared down at the letter 'P', now glowing on her lovely round rump and he
began to fantasize.  How good it would look with just one extra stroke. Yes, a
nice little letter "R' instead.

The gate of the holding pen opened.  Tigerpet shook herself and crawled backed
out.

"Hold her right there," Patrick told Roy.  He then moved around behind her and
tapped the inside of her ankles indicting for her to open her legs. Tigerpet
however wasn't in a particularly co-operative mood after her branding, and so
she ignored him.

"Spread," he told her, but again she chose not to.

Several of those who were watching found her disobedience amusing, and could be
heard whispering and chuckling.

Roy stepped around her.

"Spread," he barked, giving the back of her thighs a couple of quick sharp
slaps.  The sting convinced her to obey and reluctantly she spread her legs.

Patrick then knelt down behind her.

Tigerpet heard the clinking of his metal belt being unbuckled. She wanted to
turn around and take a look at his cock. She wanted to see how big it was, and
how hard it had become, but Roy, now standing in front of her again, refused to
loosen her reigns.

Slipping his hand inside his trousers Patrick pulled out his already erect cock.
He stroked it gently with his fingertips a couple of times as he looked down at
himself with pride as he told her, "Now you're going to get what you want, my
sweet little filly."

Roy lifted her tail and dropped it to one side to give her master full access to
her soft pink folds.

Patrick pressed just the tip of his cock against her cunt. He smiled and licked
his lips, then told her, "All of my little pony girls love to be fucked by their
master."

His warm cock head felt good, and as the pain of her branding and the sting of
Roy's crop dulled, she began to feel aroused at the idea of being fucked by him.

Taking a firm hold on her saddle with both hands he pulled back and with one
thrust rammed his cock deep inside her.

"Ah yes, this one is good and tight," he observed, closing his eyes and savoring
the moment.

Tigerpet let out a low satisfied moan as he rocked his hips backwards and
forwards, sliding himself in and out in an almost mechanical motion. He had a
good-sized cock, however he lacked the pleasure skills she had previously
enjoyed with Roy.

After just a few minutes he sighed, pulled back, and then withdrew his cock. A
trickle of her warm fluids combined with his milky semen ran down the inside of
her legs and she realized he had finished.

Patrick stood up and smiled as he waved to his audience.

Several clapped and cheered, while others offered compliments. 

"Well done Patrick!"

"You've got that one well tamed."

She hadn't climaxed! Didn't he realize she wasn't yet satisfied? 

Tigerpet shook her body in wild frustration.

"See how she quivers with pleasure," he commented to Roy, casually leaning down
and patting her rump. "I know how to please my little pony girls. Now take her
away and clean her up, and bring her back to me."

Roy nodded and, picking up the strap, turned to lead her out of the room.  Five
days, five whole fucking days she had gone without being sexually satisfied.

I'm quitting this stupid job tomorrow, she told herself.  I don't care how much
I'm being paid.

As she crawled along beside Roy, the insides of her thighs rubbed against her
swollen clit.  If only she could use her hand or her fingers to touch herself.
Looking up she tried to speak. She wanted to tell Roy she needed more; that she
needed something or someone to rub her throbbing cunt, however Roy simply
rewarded her muffled words with a rough jerk to her strap.

Upon returning to the stables he tethered her to a pole near the toughs. Then
raising his crop he struck her ass with full force.

"Don't you ever try another little stunt like that ever again," he warned her,
his features now twisted with rage.

Tigerpet jerked as the stinging lash burnt across her buttock. She struggled to
free herself, and immediately felt several more stinging lashes in quick
succession. Within minutes her rump and back were covered with raised red welts.

Bad little pony girls get punished, and she had been very bad. Dropping her head
she sobbed and whimpered as she realized her self-inflicted predicament. He had
to whip her, she knew that.  

Roy paused and took a deep breath. He looked down at her and ran his finger
gently through her mane.

"I know it's difficult for you girl, it always is at first, but you must learn
to obey," He felt she had been punished enough, and now regretted hurting her
like that.  He stroked her back and added, "You know I don't like having to whip
you, Tiger, really I don't."

He continued to caress her until her tears subsided.

"Well we had better get you cleaned up," he murmured.

He filled a bucket with warm water and then knelt beside her, lifting her tail
and gently rubbing a sponge over her velvety folds. Tigerpet responded by
moaning and pushing her self back against his hand.

"You haven't climaxed yet, have you girl? " He began to feel that familiar
stirring in his groin as he teasingly added,  "I think Tiger needs more than a
wash doesn't she?"

Frustrated beyond words, which she couldn't express anyway, she hit her hoof
down on the floor to indicate 'yes'.

"Would Tiger like Roy to give her a nice hard fuck?"

Again she hit her hoof down, and shook her blond mane.

Why does he always have to tease me like this? Why can't he just give me what I
want? She asked herself in frustrated silence.

The answer was simply, he needed to be in charge, and he needed her to know it.

Roy moved behind her.  She heard the clicking of metal as he unbuckled his belt,
and a few moments later she felt the smooth hardness of his cock pressing
against her. She tried to rock her hips back to take more of what she needed so
badly, however he had a firm grip on her saddle and wasn't about to give it all
to her just yet.

"Tiger's going to be a good and obedient little pony girl now isn't she?"

Yes of course she was, and she slammed her hoof down to confirm it. She was so
aroused she would have agreed to almost anything just to get his big hard cock
inside her.

"There's a good little filly, hold it right there, nice and still now. Show me
how good and obedient you are," he said, as he held her saddle and reins.

Roy grinned and then pulled back for a moment before plunging his cock deeper
inside her wetness. Her body jerked forward from the force of his thrust, she
tensed but then relaxed again as he stroked the side of her leg.

"This is what you need isn't it girl?"

He withdrew almost all the way out.  She felt a warm trickle of her own wetness
running down the insides of her thighs, but before she had time to even try to
move her hips back, he had rammed his cock in again. A soft low moan escaped her
as his balls slapped against her sopping cunt in rhythmic motion, in and out,
seemly deeper each time.

"You know my rules girl," Roy reminded her, "you don't cum until I loosen the
reins."

Tigerpet closed her eyes, and wondered how the hell she was going to manage that
for more than a few minutes. Her cunt tightened in readiness of climaxing,
however she managed to relax her body sufficiently to obey. Her pleasure became
almost unbearable, until at last she felt the reins loosen, and panting like an
animal in heat the warmth of her orgasm filled her with sweet relief.

Keeping a firm hold on her saddle Roy thrust his hips forward forcing his cock
into her wet cunt again and again.  Sweat began to form on his brow and trickle
down his face, and with one final jerk his hot seed shot out.

For several minutes he remained slumped over her, his chest heaving and his
heart pounding as he regained his breath. As he lifted himself up he noticed how
sweaty she had become. Her tail was now quite damp with a mixture of feminine
wetness and cum.

Roy knew that when they returned to the arena she would be docile and well
behaved. 

Patrick might have stuck his cock into her cunt, he thought smugly, but I fucked
her!

Roy then washed her down with warm soapy water, taking extra care with to be
gentle with her freshly seared brand.

Later as he led her back towards the main arena they passed a large full-length
mirror in the hallway. Tigerpet caught her reflection and, holding her head up
high and proud, shook her silky mane back before taking a moment to admire
herself.  Then staring at the letter 'P' now clearly burnt into her skin, she
began to fantasize about how it would look with just one extra stroke.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex Bragi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





