BDSM Library - Complete Surrender




Complete Surrender
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man is controlled by his Mistress and trained to do her bidding.
Complete Surrender

Chapter 1
My name is Ronnie and I became divorced from my first wife when I was
thirty-four years old.  It was one of those young marriages that should have
only lasted a few years.  But you know how it goes.  You keep trying until you
realize it just won't work.  She was a prude anyway.  She was gone most of the
time and I would get out my bondage magazines and spend hours fantasizing about
being a sex slave to some dominant woman.   When we finally parted I immediately
began to date, and before you know it, I was married again.  What a big mistake. 
After a year or so, the same old desires came back.  I really wanted to be
dominated by a strong domineering woman. 

One day I sat down with my second wife to explain why I was not happy.  She
listened intently as I poured my heart out.  I told her all about my fantasies. 
She was certainly a lot more liberal than my first wife when it came to sex, but
she admitted that she did not have the same desires when it came to sex.  She
liked more of loving type of relationship.  I promised her that I would do that
for her.  I did love her, but I craved the dominant attention.  She agreed to
try and we spent many afternoons and evenings playing in our basement.  But I
could tell she did not have her heart into it.  Our lovemaking grew less and
less frequent, and my fantasies grew stronger.  After a few years we were
divorced.  Thank God we parted friends, because I did not want her to tell
others about my secret desires.  I was also sad about it because I really did
love her, but my needs were stronger and I just had to pursue the type of
relationship that would truly make me happy.

After a few weeks of sorting out my desires, I began to look in earnest for what
I wanted.  By this time the Internet was complete with information on BDSM,
dating services, matching services, professional dominants, etc.  I was
apprehensive about making my desires know to strangers, so I decided to go the
professional mistress route to begin with.   I had a pretty good job, so paying
a professional Dom was not a problem.  I lived in a large metropolitan area
where there was a vast variety of Doms.  I would spend my evenings researching
web sites and making phone calls: trying to find the right partner for me. 
After an exhaustive search I narrowed it down to Mistress Isabel.  After many
long hours of contemplation, I finally got the nerve and called her.  She
scheduled an introductory phone session to discuss my desires.  It was the first
time that I could actually discuss my desires with someone that truly understood
them.  Afterwards she scheduled  my first appointment for a Saturday afternoon.

I was so nervous I could not even get a full erection.  I explained to Mistress
Isabel that it was the first time I had done anything like this.  Fortunately
she was very understanding.  She guided me through a number of dominating and
humiliating exercises.  I had purposely not asked for extreme pain, piercing,
golden showers or anything like that, because I wanted to ease into it.  By the
time the hour was up I was beginning to get comfortable with what I had done. 
She finished by making me masturbate in front of her.  As I put my clothes back
on she explained how she could train me to realize the joy of being a
submissive.  She was very professional.  I left promising her that I would call
her again. 

I spent the next few days fantasizing about my visit to Mistress Isabel.  Every
time I thought of her I wanted to masturbate.  I decided to call her again on
Thursday hoping she would see me again on the weekend.  I got her answering
machine and I left a message.  I waited nervously all evening, but she never
called.  On Friday evening I called again, but got the same result.  I wanted to
masturbate so badly, but I was afraid she would call, and I wanted her to
instruct me to do it.  I stuck close to the phone on Saturday all morning. 
Finally at noon the phone rang and it was Mistress Isabel. 

Mistress Isabel.  I am so glad you called.  I was hoping to schedule another
visit with you if...if that is possible.  "Ronnie, there is something you need
to understand.  I am a professional Dominant, not a prostitution service.  I see
a select few individuals on a regular basis, and I have a close nit group of
slaves that I train as well.  I have a busy schedule and you must learn to fit
into my schedule when I have time."  She must be very good at what she does; to
be that busy all of the time.  I am sorry Mistress I did not mean to be
disrespectful.  I understand.  "That's all right Ronnie.  Now, let me look at my
schedule.  I am sure that I am booked all weekend and into next week."  While I
am looking for an opening, let me explain something else to you. Since I just
saw you last weekend, and you are already calling me, I assume you want to build
a longer-term relationship with me.  In other words, I think you want me to
train you.  Is that true Ronnie?" 

I was not exactly ready to make a commitment, but she really got to the point
quickly.  I was thinking that I really wanted to do it.  This was the most
excited I had ever been in my life about doing something.  "Ronnie. You are
hesitating.  If you are not serious about this, then I am not the right person
for you."  I quickly replied.  No ma'am.  I mean yes ma'am.   I am serious.  I
want you to train me.  I mean...a...will you train me Miss Isabel?  I could hear
her leafing through the pages of a book or something.  "Ah, here we go.  I
usually reserve Sunday afternoon for one of my experienced slaves, but he is out
of town this weekend and I could fit you in there and we could begin your
training."  Oh yes ma'am.  Yes ma'am that would be wonderful. 

"Ronnie, there is more that you have to know.  In order for you to begin your
training, you must keep an advance deposit with me.  I put a lot of time and
effort developing my slaves.  You understand, don't you?"  Yes ma'am.  Shall I
bring twice the amount I brought before?  "Yes Ronnie.  That will be fine.  But
I also want you to do a few other things for me...in preparation for Sunday." 
Yes ma'am.  I will do anything you want.

"Ok...I want you to go out this evening and buy a pair of red silk panties from
Victoria Secrets in the mall.  Gail is working tonight.  Go there tonight and
ask for Gail and tell her Miss Isabel sent you."  My mind filled with fear at
the thought of embarrassing myself in front of stranger.   "Tell her you also
want matching fishnet stockings.  Ronnie...I want you to use your credit card,
so she will know who you are.  Do you understand?"   I could hardly speak. 
"Ronnie, do you understand?"  Yes ma'am.  I...I understand ma'am.  
Mistress...a...will Miss Gail be...a be discrete about this?  "Ronnie, you are
giving yourself to me, are you not?"  Yes ma'am.  "Then you must trust me
Ronnie.  This is your first test.  If you do not show me your trust, then I
cannot train you.  Is that clear?"  Yes ma'am.  Then go there tonight around
8:45 and do what I have outlined for you to do.  Then I want you to be here
Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock, sharp, with the panties and the stockings on
underneath your street clothes.  Have your finances in order, and be ready to
spend at least 3 hours with me.  Oh, and by the way Ronnie, no masturbating
until I give you permission.  Now Ronnie, I want you to promise me that you will
do these things and not disappoint me."  Yes ma'am, I promise.  "I also want you
to call me this evening and leave me a message telling me that you have made the
purchase I instructed you to do.     I want you to call me in the morning at
10:00 and tell me that you are getting ready for me.  See you at 2 o'clock
Ronnie."  The she hung up.

I was really excited.  I could feel myself getting hard just thinking about it. 
That's all I thought about all afternoon.  I wanted to masturbate so badly, but
I had to keep my promise to Mistress Isabel.  However, I was very nervous about
this evening.  I was also thinking about my encounter with Miss Gail.  Why 8:45? 
That puzzled me.  I wanted to feel the humiliation of it, but I was also scared;
having only done something like that in my fantasies.  I walked into Victoria
Secrets at 8:45 o'clock just as instructed.  There were only two shoppers
milling around.  I finally noticed a young lady behind the counter.    She was
stunningly beautiful.  She looked like a model.  My heart was beating fast and I
was very nervous as I approached her.  I swallowed hard and asked her if she was
Gail.  She paused as she looked at me with a half grin.  "No, I am not. 
Are...are you Ronnie?"  My face must have burst into crimson. Yes ma'am.  "Why
don't you wait over there where the panties are."  She pointed to the far wall. 
"I will a...a help you in a few minutes."  She smiled at me as she looked me
over.  I quickly left her and walked over to where she had pointed. 

I began browsing at all of the silky panties.  They looked so good.  I could
hardly keep my eyes of them.  I had always fantasized about wearing them in
front of a mistress.  I had actually gone out of town a few times where no one
would know me and bought silky feminine underwear.  I dreamed of the time I
could wear them for somebody.  My fantasy would now become a reality.  I felt
the silky material of a red pair of panties as my mind wondered further.  I
could just imagine the feel against my penis.  I suddenly heard the sound of the
front door to the shop closing and the sound of the lock turning.  I looked
towards the front of the store as two ladies began walking my way.  I noticed
one to be the young lady I talked to before.  My heart was racing as I stood
there anguishing over this imminent encounter.  As they got closer the second
lady said, "My name is Gail.  May I help you?"  I guess I was so nervous that I
could hardly respond.  "Well, is there something we can do for you?" 

By now they were standing directly in front of me.  A...yes...a yes ma'am.  I
noticed that she had a nametag that said, Gail Smith, Manager.  She folder her
arms and looked at me intently.  "Mistress Isabel sent you, didn't she?"  I
looked down at the floor in my embarrassment.  "I thought so."  She picked up
the pair of panties that I had been touching a few moments before.  "These.  Are
these the ones you want?  They feel so silky."  She raised them to my face and
rubbed my cheek with them.  I looked at the other lady as my embarrassment and
humiliation grew to an even higher level.  "I'll bet you would love to wear
these.  Would you like to try them on?"  She looked directly in my eyes.  "Well
Ronnie, would you?"  No...a no ma'am.  I think...I think they will fit.  "But
how will you know for sure.  What if you get them home and they don't look good
on you?"  She held them to my waist and looked at them.  "I think you should go
in there and try them on."  She pointed to the dressing room a few feet away. 
But Miss Smith...I didn't...I thought you...I was just going to...  "Now don't
you worry about a thing."  She used her hands on my shoulders to turn me around
and guide me to the dressing room.  "You march right in there and remove your
clothes and try these on. 

It was as if she had some sort of power over me.  I could not resist her orders. 
I walked into the dressing room with the panties in my hand.  Gail stopped at
the door.  "Hurry now.  We don't have all evening."  I looked around at the pink
walls, the mirror, and the dainty pictures.  I was still embarrassed beyond
belief, but I had to do it.  Within a few moments I had removed my clothes.  I
carefully put my right foot into the panties, then my left, and then I pulled
them up across my penis and balls.  God they felt silky and smooth.  "Do you
have them on?  I want to see them."  Her voice was getting louder.  Oh my god,
she was going to come in.  I froze in front of the mirror.  I could see her
standing behind me.  My face was burning with shame.  "Oh my, they look good." 
She turned her head and called for the other lady.  "Come on in and take a
look."  I was now embarrassed more than I had ever been in my life."  Now they
were both starring at me.  "Turn around.  Let me see the front."  I was so
humiliated, but it was too late to stop them.  I turned to show my bulging cock
and balls through the somewhat transparent material.  I took a deep breath and
tried not to show how nervous I was.  The other lady had a pair of red fishnet
stocking draped over her shoulder.  She pulled them off and began rolling them
up so I could try them as well.  "Now, sit down and put these on."  I sat down
on the padded bench and slowly began to pull the stocking on to my right foot. 
For an instant, I forgot my embarrassment as I rolled it over my leg.  She
handed me the other one and I did the same.  "Stand up.  Let us take a good
look."  I felt my face burn again as I stood up and showed myself to them.  "I
think these will do fine."  They looked at each other and giggled. 

Gail folded her arms again.  "Ok, take these things off and we will wrap them
for you."  I paused to wait for them to leave the dressing room, but they did
not move a muscle.  "Well, I am waiting."  It was evident that I must undress in
front of them.  I sat down and removed the stockings and handed them to Gail. 
Then I stood and reluctantly pushed the panties down across my penis.  In all
the excitement I was dripping precum.    "Look Gail.  I think he really likes
them."  They both laughed.  I could feel my face burning as it had never burned
before as I handed her the red silky panties.  Gail looked at me as she turned
to go out the door.  "Get dressed quickly."  I did as she instructed trying to
forget my embarrassment.  I wanted to pay them and get out of there.  I used my
credit card as Mistress Isabel had instructed, and the two ladies led me to the
door to see me out.  "Thank you Ronnie.  I hope you come back to see us." 

I hurried back to my house and left a phone message for Miss Isabel to let her
know what I had done.  As I reflected upon the evening, I thought about how
embarrassed I was to expose myself and my fantasies before two women I did not
even know.  As humiliating as it was, I got an erection just thinking about it. 
I thought about my training the next day with Mistress Isabel.    I could not
take my mind off of it.  It took me forever to go to sleep that night. 

To be continued




Complete Surrender



Chapter 2

I must have dreamed all night about the exciting things that were happening to
me.  I awoke suddenly the next morning after a very vivid dream about the
evening before.  My penis was rigid and I felt like I would explode.  Then I
remembered what Mistress Isabel had said.  I must not cum.  I must not
masturbate.  As the morning passed I became increasingly aroused at the thought
of being dominated by Mistress Isabel, particularly as time drew near for me to
call her.  At 10 sharp I dialed her number and the phone began to ring.

"Hello."  Hello Mistress Isabel, this is Ronnie.  I...a...I just called to tell
you...I mean I just called to say that I am preparing to come and see you. 
There was silence for a moment, and then she spoke.  You will be here at exactly
2 o'clock, won't you Ronnie?"  Yes ma'am.  "Tell me my little slave, what have
you done to prepare yourself?"  Well, Mistress, I have...a...taken a shower and
shaved... and I have...my new...a new clothes to put on.  I was afraid to say
any more.  She was silent for a few moments. "That's good Ronnie.  Is there
anything else that you want to tell me?"  I thought for a moment.  No ma'am I
don't think so.  "Are you sure that there is not something you have to share
with me?  Have you been a good boy?"  Then I remembered.  Oh, yes ma'am.  I have
been good. I have not...a...I have not...  "What Ronnie?  You have not what?"  I
have not...a...masturbated Mistress.  "Good.  That's good my pet.  Now, you get
ready and I want you to think about me, and what we will do today.  When you get
here, I want you to go around to the back porch.  It is screened in and it will
be unlocked.  Once you are inside the porch I want you to remove all of your
clothes except for what you bought last night.  Do you understand me? " Yes
ma'am.  "Don't be late Ronnie."  Then she hung up.

My imagination was running wild for the rest of the morning.  I left early so I
would not be late.  I arrived at Mistress Isabel's house 15 minutes early, so I
circled the block a few time.  I parked down the street and walked to her house
at 5 minutes to 2:00.  I found the back porch and entered.  The porch was not
fully exposed to the neighbors, but it was not exactly secluded either.  If
someone wanted to peer out their window, they might have been able to see me. 
The blinds were drawn on the back of the house and I could not see in.  I
quickly undressed down to my panties and stockings.  Then I nervously waited. 
It seemed like a long time had passed and I heard nothing in the house. 
Suddenly I heard the doorknob turn, and my heart raced with anticipation.  The
door slowly opened and I heard Mistress Isabel's voice.  "Come inside and get to
your knees, quickly."  I entered and sank to my knees.

I could feel her walk behind me.  She finally walked in front of me and stood
with her dress touching my face.  I noticed the very faint aroma of her womanly
charm.  "I want you to crawl behind me Ronnie, into the living room where I can
begin your instruction."  She walked through the house, as I crawled closely
behind.  She wore high heels and a very skimpy dress that barely covered her ass
cheeks.  Mistress sat down on the couch and crossed her legs.  She had me sit at
her feet.  She spent a long time instructing me as to how I would act in her
presence.  Much of what she told me were things that I had fantasized about
doing.  The longer she talked the more excited I became.  Her confident and
dominant manner thrilled me as I took in everything she said.  Mistress Isabel
explained how I would act and talk, how I would address her, and how I would
tend to her personal needs.   She explained how I could earn rewards or
punishment depending upon how faithful and diligent I was in serving her. 

"There are other things we must discuss in a little more detail.  You must
acknowledge to me that they are acceptable to you.  If not, then we cannot
continue with your training.  First, we must discuss the level of punishment you
will receive.  I listened intently as Mistress Isabel explained.  "I am not a
particularly cruel person.  However, I do expect total obedience from my slaves. 
Anything short of that will result in punishment."  She stood up.  "Get to your
knees."  I quickly complied.  "I normally do not inflict lasting marks on my
slaves.   However, I can still make you scream with pain."  She walked up to me
and put her hand under my chin.  "Do you understand Ronnie?"  A...a yes ma'am. 
"I don't think you do.  Stand up Ronnie." 

I stood in front of her and she slowly pulled my panties down to expose my penis
and balls.  The she grasped my balls with her right hand.  She looked into my
eyes and began to squeeze them.  It did not hurt at first, but she gradually
increased the pressure.  Soon my balls were aching badly.  Instinctively I
brought my hands around to stop her.  "No!", she shouted.  "No!  You are not to
fight me."  She squeezed harder until my abdomen began to ach.  Please Mistress
it hurts really badly.  "Shut up Ronnie.  I am not finished.  I want you to
understand thoroughly."  She squeezed harder, and the pain became almost
unbearable.  I began to dance around in front of her.  My face was burning with
embarrassment.  Please Mistress please stop.  My eyes began to tear. "Thank me
Ronnie.  Thank me for punishing you."  Thank you Mistress!  Thank you!  "Thank
me for what Ronnie?"  She squeezed harder and pulled down at the same time.  I
thought she was going to pull my balls off.  I raised my voice and pleaded. 
Thank you ma'am for punishing me.  Thank you ma'am for...for punishing my balls. 
She finally loosened her grip and the pain began to subside.  After a few
moments I regained my composure. 

"Ronnie, this is only a sample.  Are you sure you can take it.  I want to hear
you say it Ronnie.  Tell me how grateful you are that I will be training you. 
Tell me that you want me to punish you Ronnie."   I was totally mesmerized by
this beautiful dominant woman. I thought for a moment as she fondled my still
aching balls.  Before I could respond she began to squeeze again.  I wanted so
much to please her.

 Thank you Mistress Isabel for punishing me. I am...I am looking forward to
being your slave and...and being punished by you.  Please.... Please feel free
to punish me as...as you see fit.  She released her hand from my balls and
pushed me back to my knees.  "That's good Ronnie."  She walked to the couch and
sat down again.  "I will not tolerate your protesting when I punish you.  I
don't want to spend my precious time justifying my behavior and listening to you
whine.  Is that clear? "  Yes ma'am.  "You will see as time goes on that you can
tolerate more and more punishment.  In fact, you will soon be craving it.  I
will not go into all of my methods of correction.  You will learn them soon
enough." 

Mistress Isabel got up and began walking about the room.  "Another thing you
must learn is to share me with others Ronnie.  I am not just your Mistress.  I
have other slaves, male and female.  You will perform for them as well."  This
made me a little nervous, and I began thinking about what she was saying.  I had
not thought about being exposed to other slaves.  Male Slaves?  I am not gay.  I
don't want that.  I must admit I have had fantasies of being forced to eat
another man's cum, but it was only a dream.  "Do you understand Ronnie? "  I was
afraid to answer.  "Ronnie, I asked you a question.  Do you understand?"  Yes
ma'am.  I understand.  Mistress walked over to me and grabbed my hair and pulled
my head back.   "Do you agree Ronnie?  Do you agree that you will be serving me
and my slaves?"   At that moment I felt like she was staring through my eyes and
into my soul.  I knew I had to say yes.  "I am waiting for an answer Ronnie." 
Yes ma'am.  Yes ma'am, I agree.  I want to please you ma'am.  She let go of my
hair and patted my cheeks.  "Good boy."

She sat down again on the couch.  This time she did not cross her legs and I
could not help but notice her panty-covered crotch.  "Come closer Ronnie."  She
curled her finger and motioned for me to crawl forward.  "On you hands and knees
Ronnie."  As I moved against the couch, Mistress opened her legs wider and my
nose was only inches from her crotch.  I could almost see through the material
and her feminine odor was very noticeable.  I could feel my penis getting hard
and straining against my panties.  "I have many friends to Ronnie.  I like to
invite them over.  I like to share with them and they share with me.  You know
what I meant Ronnie?"  She put her hand on the back of my neck and pulled me
until my nose was barely touching her panties.  Every time I took a breath her
scent permeated my nostrils.  I was totally under her control now.  "You know
that you will be a part of what I share with them, don't you Ronnie?"  Yes
ma'am.  I want to please you in any why I can Mistress Isabel.  "God boy."  For
several minutes Mistress Isabel allowed me to inhale her intoxicating scent.  I
was absolutely in heaven.  I wanted so badly to serve her.  "That's enough for
now Ronnie, we have other things to do."  She pushed me away and got up from the
couch.  "Follow me to the play room.  I want to try out some new things." 

I walked on my hands and knees through the house until we got to the end of the
hallway.  Mistress opened a large door and stood to the side while motioning for
me to enter.  It must not have had any windows, because it was very dark.  Once
I was in, Mistress walked in behind me and shut the door.  Now it was totally
black.  "Do you like it my pet?"  I think so ma'am.  As I moved my head about
straining to see, I noticed images beginning to appear.  They gradually got
lighter.  I looked behind me to see the silhouette of Mistress Isabel.  It was
becoming obvious that the lights were on a dimmer switch, and she was
controlling it.  Soon there was enough light to move about, but not enough to
see what was in the room.  I could hear Mistress's heels clicking as she walked
around the room.  "Stay where you are Ronnie while I get things...ready for
you."  She finished with a little wicked giggle.   I could hear what appeared to
me a hoist and chains.  My God, what was she going to do?  Not knowing made my
apprehension worse.  Mistress, may I ask you a question.  "No pet, No.  Not
until I give you permission."  She walked over to me and put her hand on my
head.  "Raise up.  Get to your feet.  I am going to put a blind fold on you."  I
stood up and she immediately put the blindfold on.  I heard the click of her
heels again as she walked back across the room.  I could now see a slight
glimmer of light around the edges of the blindfold.  She walked towards me
again.

"Raise your hands up over your head."  Her voice was quick and she sounded
agitated.  I could feel her putting some thing around my wrists.  It felt like
leather cuffs.  Her heels clicked again, and shortly I heard the sound of the
hoist again.  My heart began to race.  I could feel the chains rattle and the
cuffs began pulling my arms up, but spreading them out.  I heard the click of
her heels again and she was in front of me.  With out warning she grabbed at my
panties and pulled them to my feet.  "Step out of these, you won't be needing
them for a while."   I did as she instructed.  Then I felt leather cuffs going
on my ankles.  "Spread your legs!"  I started moving my feet wider apart. 
"Farther!"  Then a felt the sting of her hand on my thigh, and the loud slapping
noise it made.  Yes ma'am.  I moved faster this time.  She must be putting a
spreader bar on my ankles.  That had to be it.  And there was one on my wrists
too.  And they were attached to the hoist.  My God, she was going to... Oh my,
what was she going to do?

"There, that looks better.  Now you look like a real slave."  She put her hand
under my chin and kissed me on the cheek.  "Don't go anywhere pet.  I have a
surprise for you."  I could hear her heals click again as she walked a few steps
away.  She was silent for a few moments.  Then, "Hello, Glenda?  How are you
doing today?"  She was calling someone.  "He is here.  That's right.  Do you
want to come over? "  Oh my God.  Already.  I did not expect her to do this
already.  "Yah. Sure.  See you in 10 minutes.  Are you going to bring...   Good. 
I will see you both."  Both?  There are two coming.  Oh my, what am I in for?  I
could hear the heels clicking again as she moved towards me.  "We are going to
have some fun Ronnie.  You will just love Glenda.  And she is bringing one of
her slaves over with her.  You will love her too.  Now, does that sound like
fun?  I am getting we just thinking about it."  Mistress Isabel was pushing her
lovely body up against me, and I could feel her pushing her hand down inside of
her panties.  Then she brought her fingers up to my nose.  "See for yourself
Ronnie."  It was that unmistakable musky odor of feminine arousal.  Her finger
was coated with her sexy juices.  She rubbed them on my nostrils and my mouth. 
"If you are a good boy Ronnie, I may let you serve me later on.  Would you like
that?"  Oh yes ma'am.  Yes Mistress, I would like that very much.  "Then you had
better be good."  She stepped away, but the musky smell of her pussy was still
in my nose.  "I'll be back in a few minutes Ronnie."  I could hear her heels
click away, and the door open and then shut.


To be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Young


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





