BDSM Library - Ali's Bet




Ali's Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was inspired by Dolcett's drawings "Ali's Bet."
Warning - 
Dolcett is one of the most extreme artists around the world. He draws 
people (mostly women) in positions of asphyxiation, cannibalism, impalement, 
snuff, etc. This story follows his work very closely and I don't hold back 
from telling it like it is. If you are not comfortable with descriptions of 
this extreme erotica, then I highly recommend you don't proceed any further. 
The story codes that are required by the BDSMLibrary.com website are there 
for a reason. You have been warned. 

Author's Note - 
Dolcett's story "Ali's Bet" is one of the most popular amongst Dolcett's 
many fans. Some people have told me that the character Ali is based on 
Dolcett's wife that is why in the pictures Ali's face isn't there. However 
on the internet the original cartoon (with facial features) is available. 
Whether it is Dolcett's wife or not, I don't know and cannot confirm the 
rumour. I'll leave the judging up to yourselves. 
Hope you enjoy the story. 

______________________ 




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 01 "The Bet." 


"Why can't I have a new car?" nagged Ali. She glared at her husband, Lee. 
He was slowly unbuttoning his white business shirt. He turned to face her 
matching her glare for glare. It wasn't a serious glare, just more to see 
who would turn away first. They'd had this argument about Ali's car a few 
times to date. As always Lee turned away first, then slid into logical 
mode. He knew this irritated Ali to no end. 

"Because honey, you only go to the shops and back. What do you need a 
new car for?" responded Lee with his same old line. 

"We'd save money if we didn't have to spend fixing the old one." 
countered Ali. "Besides, this one isn't safe." 

Ali thought she had her husband cornered. She had been hounding him about 
getting a new car for months. Perhaps tonight with a bit of sex she might 
get her way, or so she thought. 

Lee went quiet for a while. Ali was pulling her top off exposing her 
breasts when he offered her a deal. 

"You're right honey ... but what do I get if you get the car?" 

Ali slipped off her briefs and threw them into the laundry basket. It 
took a few seconds but she only just realised what her hubby had said. 
Still thinking that sex and a blowjob would keep him happy, she said, 
"Umm? You decide, I'd do just about anything to get rid of that lemon." 

That's exactly the words Lee was waiting for. He and Ali had been 
married only a few months but he had yet to show Ali his alternative 
lifestyle. However he wanted to do it slowly so as not to scare her, 
or worse, report him to the law. 

Lee lay down in bed and rolled onto his side. Ali was in the en-suite 
checking her face in the mirror. Time to see if she really loves me 
thought Lee. 

"Okay Ali. Here's an interesting offer. We'll flip a coin .. if you 
win you get the car ... but if you lose you still get the car but ..." 

Ali leaned back to look at her husband through the doorway. She knew 
she smelt a trap but she really wanted a new car. 

"There has to be a big catch ... go on?" she smiled waiting to see 
what she might be in for. 

Here goes nothing thought Lee. She maintained eye contact like his 
friend Dolcett told him to when discussing serious decisions with 
women. 

"You get the car if you .. survive a little game next Saturday." 

Ali put some toothpaste on her toothbrush and started scrubbing away. 
She wondered if Lee had a secret. He was all together too quiet and didn't 
divulge much. But she wasn't just willing to jump in head first especially 
with the word 'survive' in the middle of his comment. She decided she 
needed some clarification. She spat out the toothpaste. 

"What do you mean .. if I survive?" she asked. 

Lee grinned. He's got her interested now. He had been planning this 
for nearly two months. 

"Thought that would get your attention. It's a fairly simple game. 
By next Saturday you'll have to lose ten pounds ... for every pound not 
lost, you'll have to hang five minutes." 

There it is thought Lee. She's gotten enough clues to piece together my 
secret. 

Ali washed her face and dabbed it dry with a towel. She walked into the 
bedroom and tossed the towel onto a chair. 

"Let me get this right. You mean to really hang me?" she asked. 

Lee grinned from ear to ear. "Yep! ... and if you're still alive when the 
times up you get the car." 

Ali was a bit of a daredevil. She liked challenges and wasn't shocked at 
all by the idea of hanging. She sat down beside her husband. She gave it 
some thought and felt the odds were very good she'd come out of it alive 
and with a new car to boot. 

"Okay, deal!" she announced and shook Lee's hand. 

"Okay." he said and took a coin from a pile sitting on the bedside cabinet. 

"Be sure now honey because I mean to collect on this bet." said Lee. 

Ali looked at him. "A bet is a bet and I won't back down. Besides, I can 
lose ten pounds by Saturday. I just won't eat." 

"Fair enough. Now the big choice, heads or tails?" said Lee and he flicked 
the coin up into the air. With a quick swipe of his hand he caught it and 
place it on top of his left hand and covered it with his right. 

"Hhhmm ... tails." said Ali. She felt she couldn't lose. 

Lee removed his hand ... "Sorry honey." 

Ali looked down to see the coin showing heads. 

"Oh shit, I shouldn't have eaten desert tonight." she chuckled. 

Lee stood up and took Ali's hand. "Let's get you weighed." 

Ali followed her husband into the bathroom. Ali was wondering if she could 
actually lose 10 pounds by Saturday. She kept assuring herself she could. 

Completely naked she stood on the scales. Ali looked at the numbers as 
they rolled upwards to sit on 129 pounds. Bugger she thought. How the heck 
can I lose ten pounds by Saturday. Lee took note of the number and wrote 
it on a piece of paper. 

Ali looked at him. "This better be a great car honey?!" 

Lee chuckled. "It will be ... if you live to get it." 

They both looked at the scales again. Lee put his arms around Ali's 
shoulders and she leaned into him. She was tingling all over and Lee's 
bare chest and body heat certainly didn't help. Lee took Ali's breasts in 
his hands and fondle them. Ali squirmed and yearned for more pleasuring. 

"Sweetie," asked Ali. "Will you really let me hang till I'm dead?" 

Ali felt her husband's cock poke her between her ass cheeks. He was getting 
very hard and very excited. She reach down with her hand and stroked his 
cock. 

"Hmm. That's nice ... I'm not sure about you dying but I do know it makes 
me very horny. How about a blowjob?" 

Ali shrugged her shoulders. Why not she thought. She stepped off the scales 
and led Lee into the bedroom. She turned around and ran her fingernails down 
his torso while she knelt in front of him. His cock stood straight out and 
hard. Ali took it in her hands and stroked the foreskin a few times. Lee 
quivered. Ali kissed the tip then ran her tongue up along it's shaft. 
Lee closed his eyes. He was in heaven. 

"I'll let you know now honey, I'm not swallowing. I've suddenly decided 
to watch my weight. Counting calories and all." she purred. 

Lee chuckled quietly and groaned loudly as Ali took his cock into her hot 
moist mouth. She sucked on the tip then allowed it to go all the way to 
the back of her mouth. Lee's hands came up and he put them on Ali's head. 
She pushed them away. His hands went behind his back and he grasped them 
together. Ali pumped back and forth on Lee's cock like slow fucking. 

"That is SO good Ali." 

Ali withdrew the cock. "Tell me more about my hanging." 

Lee considered his words as he felt Ali continuing to suck on his cock. 

"It's pretty straight forward really ... just remember, even one pound 
over and you'll be swinging for five minutes." 

Ali looked up at him. She lightly dug her teeth into his shaft where 
Lee startled. She continued to suck him off. Lee enjoyed the blowjob for 
another couple of minutes and then pushed Ali away. She knew he was going 
to cummed and they both wanted to hold back for a little while yet. 

"You really know how to suck honey." 

Ali grinned. "It's because I can hold my breath for so long." 

"Let's hope that talent serves you well come Saturday." 

"You're really serious?! You're going to hang me?" she queried. 

Lee helped Ali off the floor and fell onto the bed with her on top. He 
loved her warm smooth skin. She was so light and dainty. She spread her 
legs apart and manoeuvred herself to sit on his groin. Within a few 
seconds Ali was pumping her husband's cock into her pussy. 

"Only for as long as you are required to hang by our bet. You're not going 
to welsh on the bet are you?" 

Ali knew she was caught. She had never backed down from a challenge 
before and Lee knew it. Even though there was a chance that she might 
hang she was still hoping to convince her husband to let her out of it. 

"Uuummm .. that's nice ... No, I'll keep my part of the deal. I can't 
promise how calm I'll be when the noose goes around my neck ... " 

Lee could feel himself getting ready to cum. He slowed his pumping. 
"Ummm ... I don't expect you to be .. but then I don't consider calmness 
in someone about to hang a job requirement ... " 

Ali felt herself being lifted off Lee. She rolled over onto the bed and 
spread her legs for him. Lee complied by rolling on top. He liked to lead 
when it come to the final leg. Lee pushed his cock into Ali's wet pussy 
and pumped in hard. 

"That feels so good ... what would happen if I end up hanging and ... you 
know! How will you explain what's happen to me? ... Can't have a funeral." 

Lee continued to pump in hard. "That's why you don't hang until Saturday. 
This week you drop a few hints about taking off ... then if you end up, 
shall we say, a little strung out ... everyone will figure you ran away." 

Lee stood up and lifted Ali up onto his cock. It slid it's full length 
into her. She groaned loudly. Lee held her hips and watched as Ali's 
tits bounced up and down in time to his thrusting. 

"Do ... you ... really ... think ... I won't ... make it? ... That ... I 
... won't ... last?" she gasped. 

"Don't really ... know ... it's a ... fair bet ... and you've ... got five 
... days to shed ... some of ... your ... penalty." huffed Lee. 

Lee's strength was ebbing so he flopped a well fucked Ali onto the bed. 
He rolled her over. She may have orgasmed a couple of times already but 
Lee wanted to finish off with a bang. He made for her asshole. He pulled 
open her ass cheeks and put his wet rock-hard cock's tip at the hole. 
And pushed. Ali moaned loudly, and again as Lee penetrated her asshole. 
Lee pumped her ass. 

"Your ass is going to look so good while you hang." he commented. 

Ali couldn't respond. Her hard assfucking wouldn't allow her to speak. 
She orgasmed two more times before Lee cumed in her rectum. Lee slowly 
pulled out to Ali's displeasure and went into the bathroom. He cleaned 
himself off and made it back to the bed before collapsing into the sheets. 
Ali snuggled up to him and Lee fell asleep. 

Ali stayed up most of the night thinking about Saturday. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 02 "The weigh-in." 

It was a very long night for Ali. She wondered where she'd be buried if 
she didn't make it. She didn't fancy the idea of being buried in the 
backyard. After a while Ali finally slept only to find that she was 
dreaming of hanging and wondering if she, the condemned woman, would 
get a last request. 

The following morning Ali was sipping her coffee when her husband came in. 

"Good morning honey, how did you sleep?" 

"Not so good but this," she held up her coffee cup, "is really helping." 

Lee smiled. He put his jacket on and patted his pockets looking for his 
car keys. 

"Well, I've got to get to the office. Have to invite the guests to our 
little party." 

Ali's heart stopped. "Guests?! .. Oh .. I .. I  .. thought ... who's going 
to watch?" 

Lee was still looking for his keys when he found them. He looked up at his 
wife. "Well, let's see. There's Merle and Jess, Dolcett and Di, Penny and 
Markie Post." 

Ali watched as her husband placed his hands on her shoulders. He leaned 
down to look deeply into her eyes. 

"I've talked to Markie and apparently Penny has also lost a bet with her 
so she has to match whatever time we hang you." 

Ali sipped some more of her coffee. "Oh God. It's turning into a regular 
lynching party." she scoffed. 

Lee wasn't perturbed. "Yeah, it should be great. I'm going to ask Merle 
if we can do it at his cabin in the mountains." 

"Why there?" asked Ali curiously. 

"It's secluded. We can string you two up in the fresh air ... also if for 
some reason you or Penny don't come out of this still breathing ... Merle 
can dispose of the bodies." 

Ali's eyes were wide as a thought occurred to her. "Oh?!! ... Isn't Merle 
the guy whose into cannibalism?" 

"Right ... you don't mind do you? We have to get rid of the evidence 
somehow." 

Ali didn't believe the question. They were talking about her own fate. 
"Oh God! ... I guess it doesn't matter." 

"That's my girl, I've got to get to work ... and so do you." he winked. 

Ali barely felt Lee's kiss on her cheek as he walked to the door. She 
watched him as he stopped and walked back to her. He parted her robe to 
reveal her naked body underneath. He ran his finger along her well fucked 
vagina lips. 

"If it really bothers you I'll stop Merle. Of course that's only if you 
don't last." said Lee. 

Ali put her cup down and shivered from the vaginal rubbing. "You don't 
think I'll make it? ... I mean .. Oh God ... well, I guess if I don't then 
it's your choice what to do with ... my body." 

"Merle's plan will make the most sense ... if either you or Penny dies, we 
eat the evidence. Don't worry Ali, I think you'll be fine as long as you 
drop a few pounds." 

Ali couldn't believe she was chuckling. "And if I don't, then there'll be 
more to go around." She couldn't believe she thought that was funny. 
"You better get to work and I better start dropping some hints ... and 
exercising!" 

This time Lee made it to the door and outside. Ali heard his car roar into 
life and disappear down the driveway. 

A few hours later Ali got a call from Lee confirming the use of Merle's 
cabin on Saturday. 
______________________ 

Later that day Ali was in full swing with dropping hints about going away 
on holiday. Her favourite hairdresser Jerry gave his opinion on her 
situation. 

"Listen luv, if life is making you so crazy just take off on your own for 
awhile." 

"Thanks Jerry, maybe I will." agreed Ali. 

"You could have a swinging time girl!" chuckled Jerry. 

Ali definitely agreed on that point. 

Ali paid for her haircut and left for aerobics. She met her partner Christie 
outside the main doors. Both girls chatted endlessly about stuff as they 
got changed into their exercise gear. Ali preferred a single piece suit 
while Christie had the better abs and showed them off with a two piece 
design. 

"Umphhh! Puff! Puff! .. God Ali ... that's awful ... I'd just .. Puff! run 
away!" agreed Christie after Ali dropped some hints about disappearing for 
a while. 

"I might .. Puff! .. just do ... Puff! ... that." wheezed Ali. 

After the class both girls sat together to cool down. 

"Come on Ali, you want to join us for lunch?" asked Christie. 

"Sorry Christie, I can't today ... maybe next week if I'm still around." 

Truth be told Ali was starving. She had been depriving herself of food 
since this morning. She didn't want to end up dead as a doornail on 
Saturday. Both girls entered the shower rooms and Ali enjoyed a really hot 
shower. She soaped away the sweat and felt much better when she had towelled 
herself down. Ali waited until Christie said her goodbyes and left with 
the other girls. 

When the locker-room was finally deserted, Ali walked over to the scales. 
She stepped onto it and heard it as the measuring wheel clicked into place. 
She willed herself to look at the readout. 

SHIT! ... Only two pounds so far. If I don't start really losing I'm going 
to end up as the blue plate special this Saturday thought Ali. 

She kicked the scales, quickly put some clothes and left the gym. 
______________________ 

As the week progressed Ali dropped more and more hints to various people 
about her possible intention to go on a very long holiday. To really make 
it clear she went to the bank and took $10,000 dollars from her and Lee's 
joint bank account. The bank manager helped Ali with the transaction but 
Ali knew the guy just liked looking at her tits. 

"Well Mrs Felman," said the manager, "Here is your money. I think you should 
be very careful. Ten grand is a lot of money to be carrying around." 

Ali smiled warmly. "Thanks Mr Phelps. I'll be fine." 

"Going on a trip?" enquired Mr Phelps. 

"Well? yes ... you could say that." she confirmed. 

"Well, I hope you have a very nice time and come right back to us." 

Secretively Ali hoped she would too. 
______________________ 

Friday evening approached very quickly. Ali waited in the lounge for Lee 
to get home. She had purposely not drunk any water or eaten anything to 
minimise her weight. She had exercised her heart out and couldn't even 
bring herself to weigh her body at the gym. 

She nervously bit at her nails waiting for her husband to get home. A few 
minutes later she heard a car pull into the driveway. The door opened and 
Lee walked in. 

"Hi honey." he said. Ali just smiled. 

She watched him as he put his suitcase down and took off his jacket. He 
walked over and gave her a kiss. 

"I know you're nervous with the big day tomorrow and all." said Lee. 

"You don't know the half of it. I've told most of our relatives about my 
possible holiday next week so no one should suspect foulplay." 

"Good stuff honey. What say we go and weigh you and put you out of your 
misery, so to speak." 

She looked up at him and punched him in the arm. He smiled and she let 
him lead her into the bathroom. Ali took off all her clothes and jewellery. 
She didn't want any extra weight that could tip the scales. 

"Ready?" asked her husband. Ali nodded and stood on the scales. 

Lee watched the numbers flicker and presented his wife's weight. Ali looked 
down and saw 123 displayed on the screen. She gasped. 

"Looks like four pounds over sweetie." said Lee kissing her cheek. "That's 
twenty minutes." 

Ali stood down from the scales. "Um ... Lee, when tomorrow?" 

"At noon. Twelve o'clock and you and Penny both hang." 

A few hours later Ali was lying in bed wondering how she was going to make 
it tomorrow. She'd totally given up the idea of getting any sleep tonight. 
She went through scenarios of how it would feel, how she might be able to 
survive hanging by being really still. She visualised herself not bothering 
with the hanging and just sitting on the platter for Merle. 

She was asleep less than thirty minutes later. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 03 "Preparations." 

Saturday morning turned out beautiful. The sky was blue with hardly any 
clouds in the sky. The air was warm with only a small hint of a breeze. 
Lee woke up to find a empty spot where his wife should be. He made his 
way out of bed and into the kitchen. The soft aroma of coffee perked him 
up slightly, that is until he saw his beautiful wife. For a second Lee had 
wondered if he was doing the right thing. Thankfully the feeling passed. 

"Morning sexy." he smiled at her. 

"Hi honey," she grinned giving him a kiss. 

Lee waited while Ali poured them both some coffee and sat down at table. 
They talked about politics for a few minutes. Lee went to have a shower 
and get dressed. When he returned he found Ali looking at a pad nervously 
biting on a pen. She heard him enter. 

"Thought I'd better leave you a few notes ... just in case." she said. 

Lee put his hands on her and massaged her shoulders. "Thanks. We better 
get going, we have to be there by eleven." 

Ali dropped the pen and pad on the desk, she quickly spun around and 
wrapped her arms around her husband. 

"If I die, will you miss me?" she sobbed. 

"Yes," said Lee. "Very much so. But don't you go getting yourself all 
worried. I think you'll make it through twenty minutes just fine. Come on, 
the car's out front." 

Two hours later and Ali's nervousness was getting more intense. She 
watched as Lee pulled into a private forest road. At the front there was 
a sign saying Private Property - Trespassers will be shot. 

After a few more minutes Ali was about to burst. "Can we pull over. I'm 
so nervous I'm going to pee my pants." 

"Too late now honey. We're here. See, there's Merle's place over there." 

Ali looked at the area. It was nice and secluded as Lee said. It also had 
a very calming quality about it. Lee drove the car up and parked beside 
a large campervan. Both Ali and Lee got out. Ali saw a man coming towards 
them. 

"Hi guys." the man shouted. 

"Ali, let me introduce you to our host, Merle, Merle, this is Ali." said 
Lee. 

"Merle took hold of Ali's hand and shook it gently. "Hi Ali, I've been 
looking forward to meeting you." 

Ali was momentarily stunned but regained her composure. "Hi Merle ... 
sorry, I'm a little nervous." 

"Don't worry Ali," said Merle, "You look delicious." 

Another couple walked over. Lee introduced them. "Ali, this is Dolcett our 
artist friend and his wife, Joy. They're from the East." 

"Hi Ali," said Dolcett. "It's great to meet you. Can't wait to see you 
swinging." 

"um .. Hi." said Ali still slightly overwhelmed. 

"And I'm Jessica, Merle's other half." said a woman standing beside Ali. 

"Welcome to our little cabin Ali. Anybody want a beer or soda?" asked 
Jessica. 

"Sure, I'll take one Jess." said Lee. 

Ali didn't respond. She was busying looking at two other people who had 
just arrived. Both women except one was totally naked and wearing a collar 
and leash. Ali figured they were a Master Slave couple. 

Lee saw the women. "Ali, this is Markie and Penny." 

Finally a name Ali recognised, "Oh hi ... I've heard so much about you." 

"Us too," said Markie, "Gee Lee, Ali's really pretty. Sure you want to 
chance losing her?" 

Lee played along. "Sure, why not. Hey Penny, are you ready to hang?" 

"Yeah, I guess so." replied Penny. "How long do I have to match Ali 
for?" 

"Four." said Lee holding up four fingers. 

Penny smiled. "Four minutes. Piece of cake." 

Lee shook his head. "No, four pounds which equals twenty minutes each 
for you and Ali." 

Penny was shocked. "Oh shit! I can't make that. Neither of us can." 

Penny looked over to her owner. "Markie, please don't make me do this?" 

"No way Penny. You made a bet and lost ... so now if your little ass 
ends up dead meat, it's your problem." 

Markie fondled Penny's nipple and french-kissed her. "Besides, I'll get 
such pleasure out of watching you twitch and jerk on that rope." 

Penny licked her lips. "Sorry, I'm just scared." 

"Scared?!" repeated Markie. "Don't be silly. If you live or die you 
should be happy to serve me." 

"I am Markie. I know I'll make you proud." 

Markie pulled down on the leash and Penny dropped to her knees. Without 
even being ordered Penny started licking Markie's pussy. 

Ali stood there with her mouth hanging open. She had heard of master and 
slave relationships but had never seen one before. Penny was obviously 
very good as Markie was groaning within a few seconds. 

"Ummmm! That's right Penny ... Maybe later I'll eat your pussy. Would you 
like that?" 

"Sluurrppp! Oh yes!" begged Penny. 

Markie reached down and hooked her index finger in Penny's mouth and 
lifted her up till she was on her feet. Markie stared evilly into Penny's 
eyes. 

"Of course Merle will have to roast it first." sneered Markie. 

Penny visibly gulped. "Oh." Pussy juice rolling down her chin. 

To assure Penny of her seriousness, Markie grabbed Penny's nipple and 
yanked it hard. "Medium rare!" she whispered loudly into Penny's ear. 

Things were starting to get moving. Ali watched as some of the other women 
who started taking off their clothes. She looked to Lee who took her arm 
and walked her over to the car. 

"Come on Ali, it's time to strip." he said. 

"Lee, do I have to get completely naked in front of all these people?" 

"It's the way we do it honey. Besides, I've brought something that you can 
wear but it's not going to cover much." 

Ali and Lee walked past Merle and Jessica. Merle was obviously thinking 
along the same lines as Lee. 

"Hey Lee, let's get these girls stripped and see what we've got." Merle 
turned to Jess, "Come on Jess, let's see some skin." 

While Lee opened the car boot and was rummaging inside, Ali decided to 
follow Jess's lead and remove her top. She noticed Merle looking right 
at her. Ali pulled her top over her head which bounced her boobs. She 
tossed her shirt top through the open car window. 

"Ummm ... yum yum!" said Merle gazing at Ali's breasts. "Just look at 
those tits." 

"Glad you like them Merle." replied Ali. She wondered if Merle liked them 
enough to eat them ... rare. Oh shit, she realised. If she kicked the 
bucket then it won't matter anyway. 

Ali removed her shorts and underwear. She looked around and saw all the 
other women had removed their clothing as well. They were talking carefree 
like they'd done this a hundred times. Ali was watching Markie testing 
Penny's resolve by having Penny stand before here with her legs spread 
and her hands behind her head. Markie was smacking a riding crop into 
Penny's pussy. Penny gritted her teeth from the strikes. 

"Here you go honey." said Lee. He was holding up a small corset. 

Ali blanched. "That's for me? ... What am I saying? ... I should've known 
by now that I'd be wearing ... oh damn! ... that's the tightest corset 
I have." 

"You know me, I'm just a traditional kind of guy. Can't string up a lady 
without proper attire." grinned Lee. 

With Penny whimpering from her pussy smacks in the background Ali lifted 
her arms so Lee could fit her in the corset. Ali held her breath to try 
and keep the corset loose but since Lee took so long to string it together 
she wasn't having much luck. She breathed out at the wrong time and Lee 
pulled the corset strings tight and tied them off. 

"Unnnhhh! God, Lee, Please not so tight. I'll need all the air I can get." 
groaned Ali. That's when she smelt something burning. 

"What's that smell?" she asked. 

Lee sniffed their air. It was a combination of lighter fluid, heat and 
charcoal. "That's just Merle lighting the charcoal in the barbecue pit." 

"But .. but .. I not dead yet?!" exclaimed Ali. 

Lee laughed and shook his head. "Don't worry Ali. You'll only go on the 
pit if you kick fair and square. Merle's guaranteed to get a roaster 
though because Dolcett and Markie have a bet, if you live through this, 
Dolcett's wife Joy goes on the menu. 

Slight stunned but relived. "Okay, sorry." said Ali. 

Throughout the week Ali knew she was going to hang, but not naked and in 
front of a crowd. If she died she'd end up as a barbecue and eaten. She 
seriously wondered what else could go wrong. That's when she felt Lee's 
hand on her head. He pushed her forward. Ali knew what he wanted. Her 
husband was so turned on she knew he was going to need a fuck very soon. 

Lee's cock was rock solid. He pushed it against Ali's tight asshole. 

"Oh! Oh! Please no Lee. Not in front of all these other people. Not there, 
it hurts. Ahgggghhh!" pleaded Ali. 

Lee wasn't listening though. He pushed forward into Ali's ass and then as 
deep as he could. Ali bounced forward from his thrusting. She held herself 
up from the ground with her hands. A cock suddenly came into her view 
followed by a voice. 

"Hey you two," said Dolcett. "Merle says the noose will be ready in about 
five minutes." 

Before Ali could protest Dolcett put his cock into her mouth. Ali was 
thrusted forward onto Dolcett's cock. She quickly decided that she had 
better start sucking or else. 

For the next four minutes Ali was ass and throat fucked. Her ass stung 
from Lee's reaming. Finally Lee grabbed her ass cheeks tightly and cumed 
into her. He pulled out to Ali's muffled groaning. Dolcett was just on 
the verge of cumming too. Ali fell to her haunches and started swallowing 
the cum pooling in her mouth. 

"Aahhh!" said Dolcett. "Perfect timing. Lee, if she snuffs it you're 
really going to lose a nice piece." 

Realisation finally hit home for Ali. Oh God, she thought. They're deadly 
serious. I'm really going to hang. 

She finished swallowing Dolcett's cum and cleaned his cock. Dolcett then 
withdrew and Ali stood up. In the distance Merle was waving to both Lee 
and Dolcett. When he caught their attention he pointed to the noose 
hanging from the tree branch over his head. 

"It's time Ali." said Lee. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 04 "Ready to hang." 

Lee and Dolcett walked Ali to the tree. Despite just cuming both men's 
erections were still very strong. A small trickle of Lee's cum exited 
Ali's ass and ran down her leg. However it wasn't enough to distract her 
of her next challenge. 

She stood there while Lee tied her wrists together behind her back. Ali 
licked her lips to removed the remainder of Dolcett's semen. 

"I don't suppose there's anyway I can get out of this?" she asked half- 
heartedly and already knowing the answer. 

"Afraid there isn't Ali." said Lee who finished tying her wrists. Merle 
reached over and took a hold of Ali's breast. 

"There you go Merle," said Lee handing Ali into Merle's charge. "Why don't 
you do the honours and noose Ali and Penny since you're the host for this 
little party." 

"I'll be happy to ... come with me Ali, I'll get you ready first." 

Merle moved Ali to stand beneath the noose. However Ali's attention wasn't 
on the rope, but a short distance away. Ali was watching the barbecue pit 
intently. The flames licked away at the metal stand on which the spitting 
rod sat. On top was a stabilizer bar. The pit also caught Penny's attention. 

"Umm ... Merle. Have you ever really roasted anyone on that thing before?" 
asked Ali. 

"Oh sure, lots of times. I hope one of you lovely ladies is next." Merle 
noticed Penny still had her collar on. "Markie, can you take Penny's collar 
off, it'll be better for the noose." 

Markie gave Merle a mock look of surprise and unbuckled the collar. As she 
was doing so she said to Penny, "Well Penny, you're always looking to get 
a great tan ... now you can really turn brown." 

The noose dropped down in front of Ali's nose. She looked around and saw 
that Dolcett had lowered it for her. She gave him a half smile and turned 
back to Merle. 

"Merle, what happens if my neck breaks?" 

"Don't worry Ali, it won't." he assured her. "I promise. After all, we 
wouldn't get any fun out of that." 

Ali lowered her head as Merle placed the noose around her neck. "I'll 
leave this a little loose till we get Penny up and ready to go. Lee, can 
you help your wife?" 

"Sure." Lee took hold of Ali's hips and with a strength Ali didn't realise 
he had, lifted her upwards onto a metal barrel. About a metre to Ali's 
left was a second barrel for Penny. "Thanks honey." said Ali. 

Ali tested the rope on her wrists. They were tight and strong. She started 
to get very scared now. She didn't want to die. She wondered if she would 
see her life flash before her eyes. 

"Okay Penny, up you go. Let's get this show in the air." said Merle who 
was about to lift her up onto the second barrel. Penny was a little unstable 
due to having to wear heels, Markie's orders. 

"Hold it Merle." Merle looked up and saw Markie. "I want to do a little 
decoration to Penny's tits first." 

"Sure." Merle climbed up onto the second barrel himself and tightened the 
noose around Ali's neck. 

"Well Ali, I'd wish you luck but to be honest, I'm going to be disappointed 
if I don't get a chance to barbecue those great tits." 

Ali gulped. "Look Merle. Just promise me that if I don't make it ... well, 
make sure I'm ... I mean ... " 

"Don't worry Ali." said Merle in a very serious voice. "I'll make real sure 
that before I go to work on you, that you've breathed your last ... I mean 
... only if you do end up snuffed." 

Ali nodded. "Thanks. Is Lee going to stay if you end up cooking me?" 

"Sure is. Said he wouldn't miss it. Now don't panic, I'm a great cook. If 
you or Penny don't live through this you'll become part of one of the all 
time great dinners ever served." said Merle optimistically. 

Merle jumped to the ground in time for Dolcett to hand him a couple of 
large thick plastic dildos. 

"Umm .. Merle. Lee gave me these and said you should plug Ali with them. 
He didn't say what is for her cunt or her ass." said Dolcett. 

While the two men considered their problem Penny was watching Markie. In 
her hand Markie had three thick sewing pins. 

"What are the straight pins for?" asked Penny. 

Markie displayed them to Penny. "I thought since we are hanging you you'll 
need a little decoration. Let's see, one for each nipple and one for your 
cunt." 

Penny gulped. "Okay." 

Then Markie pulled a pool cue out from behind her. "I've also brought this 
along. If I get tired of watching you kick." 

Penny stared at the pool cue. This wasn't looking good, she thought. 

Ali had other matters on her mind. She felt Merle rubbing one of the dildos 
on her pussy lips, presumably to wet it slightly. He put the tip to Ali's 
asshole. 

"Here you go Ali ... uummpphhh! See, no problem." said Merle 

Ali felt like her ass had been torn apart. "Oh Oh AHHHNNNN .. It's too big! 
Aaggghh!!" she groaned loudly. The rope around her neck went tight as Ali 
tried to move away and dislodge the dildo at the same time. 

At roughly the same time Penny yelped. A solid three inch needle was being 
pushed through her right nipple. Tears flooded her eyes as Markie cruelly 
twisted the needle to cause more pain for her slave. Penny yelped again as 
the second needle went through her left nipple. 

Ali gasped as her second dildo was shoved up deep into her vagina. Merle 
was delighting himself of Ali making faces. 

"Can't forget to plug your juicy little pussy." he chuckled. 

Ali gasped and tried to stay the pain from both of her holes. Flecks of 
light danced in front of her eyes from the strain she had to bear. 

Penny felt herself being lifted up onto the second barrel beside Ali. She 
leant forward so Merle could put the noose around her neck and tighten it. 

"Spread your legs." commanded Markie. 

Penny did as she was told. She displayed her pussy to Markie. Her owner 
separated Penny's vagina folds to locate her clit. Once she found it she 
took the final three inch thick needle and pushed it in through the side. 
Markie held her position under great duress. Tears rolled down her cheek 
and she wanted to scream out loud. Then POP! It was through. 

Markie stood back to look at her work. "No problem ... that made you 
twitch a little didn't it." 

Penny nodded her head, her tears continued to roll of her cheeks. Then 
Merle took on the task of inserted Penny with two similar dildos to what 
Ali had to endure. Again Merle did Penny's asshole first. He rubbed the 
dildo on Penny's pussy which irritated her very sore and swollen clit. 
Merle slammed the dildo into Penny's bowels. Penny gasped out loud which 
earned her a nasty look from Markie. Penny handled the second dildo a lot 
more easily. 

"That's it girls. Let's see, two dildos each. One in your ass and one in 
your cunts. One noose each. Standing on barrels. I think you're both ready 
to hang." laughed Merle. 

Ali felt a hand on her hip and realised her husband was standing on the 
barrel behind her. Penny likewise had Markie behind her. 

Markie leaned in close to Penny. "Well well, all trussed up, pierced, 
plugged and ready to swing. Are you excited or scared?" 

"Both I think .. " said Penny quietly. 

Ali was listening to Penny when something cold touched her left nipple. 
She heard a small SNAP! and yelped as something cold and metallic crushed 
her nipple. 

"AANNN! What are they?" she demanded from Lee. 

Lee took another nipple clamp and snapped it to her right nipple. 

"The finishing touch, they'll look great when your tits bounce." 

"But they're so strong." said Ali through gritted teeth. The clamps were 
causing a lot more pain then she though nipple clamps would. 

"Well," shrugged Lee. "I could use straight pins like on Penny." he said 
raising his eyebrows. 

"NO!" stated Ali. "These will be just fine." she conceded. 

Merle looked up at both the girls. "Hey Lee, we better get them swinging 
because who ever I end up with roasting is going to take nearly four hours 
to cook so we need to start." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 05 "The hanging." 

Ali took in deep breaths. She didn't know when it was going to happen but 
as everyone gathered around them, it wasn't faraway now. Lee was looking 
at his watch and seemed to be counting the seconds. 

"Okay Merle, it'll be 12 o'clock in three, two, one ... now." he said. 

"OH GOD!! I'M NOT READY!" yelled Ali but it was too late. 

"OVER YOU GO!" shouted Merle. 

With a strong stance Merle pushed the top of Ali's barrel over. Ali's 
body dropped about a foot until the noose caught her. Merle kicked Penny's 
barrel and she too dropped and was caught by her noose. Spittle dropped 
from Ali's open mouth. She gasped for air and found it difficult to 
breath. Her neck already ached from the strain of carrying all of Ali's 
body weight. Veins along her neck increased in size to allow more blood 
flow. 

Because the girls were tied close together so they occasionally knocked 
into one another as they swung. Tears rolled down Penny's cheeks as she 
gasped for breath like a fish out of the ocean. 

Lee, Merle, Markie, Jessica, Dolcett and Joy watched on as the girls 
swung back and forth. Ali tried to remain still but her body wanted to 
fight on. She groaned awkwardly. Penny tried to get comfortable but the 
more she swung her legs, the worse it became for her. 

Nine minutes into the contest and both girls were still alive. 

"Hhhmmm, nine minutes and still kicking ... you think either of them will 
make it?" asked Dolcett while he fucked his wife in the ass from behind. 

"They're both slowing down and with eleven minutes to go I'd say Merle 
will get his choice ... what do you think Lee?" replied Joy. 

Lee moaned. He was enjoying a very nice blowjob from Markie. 

"Well, Ali's a fighter but I'm not sure ... uummmm ... hey Merle, what 
will you do if they both live?" asked Lee. Lee knew he was going to 
shock Joy with the question if Dolcett hadn't already told her. 

"... in that case," said Merle. "We'll just have to roast Joy. But I'm 
betting on those nice tits of Ali's being on the menu." 

"Me too." grinned Jessica. Lee watched Joy. She wasn't shocked at all. 

Penny was nearly at her wits ends. Each time she tried to move or roll 
her head it made it harder to breath. She gurgled loudly and tried to 
remain still but the pain and pressure on her neck was immense. Ali's 
neck felt like it was on fire. 

"Wow! They're really starting to kick. If Penny's not careful she'll drop 
both of her dildos." commented Dolcett. 

"She'd better not!" responded Markie. "Hey guys, if either of them drops a 
dildo, let's double their time." 

Merle nodded his head in agreeance. "Great idea Markie." Merle moved closer 
to the girls and raised his voice. 

"IF YOU TWO CAN HEAR ME ... KEEP YOUR ASSHOLES AND TWATS TIGHT BECAUSE IF 
YOU DROP A DILDO YOUR TIME WILL DOUBLE." 

Merle was rewarded with gurgle sounds from both girls. 

"Wow! Look at them squirm and kick ... I don't think either of them will 
last more than five minutes." said Dolcett. 

"Sure they will," said Lee. "They've already been swinging that long." 

Merle's cock was getting really hard from watching the action. He push on 
Jessica's shoulder and she knelt before him. 

"This is great! Hey Lee, I'll bet you I can get my cock further down Jess's 
throat than you can get yours in." challenged Merle. 

Lee scoffed at him. "Okay, you're on." 

Lee grabbed hold of Joy who was already kneeling and pushed his cock into 
her mouth. Lee took hold of the Joy's hair and pulled it towards him while 
thrusting his cock forward. Joy immediately started to gag. Dolcett watched 
his wife struggle with Lee's large cock. 

Ali felt like she was going to throw-up. She willed her body to hang on. 
She watched on with barely a breath of air escaping her lungs while her 
husband face fucked Joy. 

Merle was in heaven. "Uummm ... these two are good ... aahhhh!" 

Jessica and Joy were nearly blacking out from choking. They felt the 
cocks push deeper into their throats with each thrust. Finally both men 
cummed. Joy gasped out loud as Lee's cum coated the inside of her mouth 
and throat. 

"Now lick it clean." ordered Lee. Joy did as she was ordered. 

Once he was clean Lee decided to get closer to the action. He reached 
over and fiddled with Ali's left nipple clamp. Ali could only grit her 
teeth in disapproval. The pain on her neck was too much. She didn't even 
notice the pain from her ass and cunt. 

"Ahh, how are you doing sweetheart? ... You look a little blue and tired. 
You can make it ... Don't give up." cheered her husband. 

Lee watched Ali for another minute then checked his watch. "Okay girls, 
if you can hear me? ... You only have another minute and thirty seconds 
to go!" 

By this stage Penny was nearly unconscious. She tried to hold onto her 
dildos but she lost concentration for a second and the one from her ass 
slipped out and dropped to the ground. 

Despite Markie having Joy eat her her pussy she didn't miss Penny's dildo 
slipping out. 

"Ummm .. that's nice ... suck it good. Oops! There goes Penny's butt plug. 
Well .. hhmmmm? No way will she last another twenty minutes. I think it's 
time for the pool cue." announced Markie, but for now she wanted to orgasm 
before proceeding with her promise. 

Merle took hold of Jessica's arms. He whispered into her ear, "You're not 
doing your part Jess." he told her. "Start sucking one of the guys off." 

Jessica felt herself being pushed forward. She knelt down in front of Lee 
and took his cock into her mouth. Lee didn't even bother to look down. 

Markie shook from her orgasm and pushed Joy away from her cunt. She 
brandished the pool cue in her hand and walked behind Penny. She placed 
the tip an inch or so into Penny's asshole. 

"Okay everybody, make a wish." she announced. "Bye bye Penny my love ... 
Uummmphhh!" 

Markie thrust the pool cue as deep as she could. Penny's cunt dildo popped 
out from the sudden shock. She yelled and groaned at the same time. The 
pool cue easily went in up through her torso into her chest. Penny knew 
she was history now. Her final tears rolled down her cheeks. 

"Oh wow! She's squirming like a speared fish ... ummm ... what a turn on. 
Hey Lee, you should really try this on Ali. I mean, give the poor girl a 
break. She's not going to make it." 

Ali couldn't hear much of what was going on. She was too tired to even 
care. 

"Sounds like fun Markie," said Lee. "But Ali's only got one more minute 
so she may still make it." 

Markie reached up and held her hand on Penny's chest. She couldn't hear 
a heartbeat or feel any breathing. 

"I think Penny is done for ... she's still jerking a little but it's just 
involuntary." 

Merle wondered if Ali was the same way. He held up his barbecue fork and 
stuck it into Ali's boob. Ali felt so much pain that she didn't even 
notice the fork. 

"Yum Yum ... can't wait to taste Ali's tits. She's going to make a 
beautiful roaster." said Merle. 

Ali somehow managed to hear this. She wanted to say something to stop them 
roasting her. She screamed in her mind that she wasn't dead and not to 
cook her. Thankfully Lee came to her rescue. 

"Not so fast Merle. It's time to cut her down. If she's still alive you'll 
have to roast Penny alone." said Lee. Jessica was still firmly attached to 
Lee's cock and sucking it. He pushed her off and pulled out his hunting 
knife. With a couple of cuts he severed Ali's noose from the rope. 

"Okay Ali, you've been swinging for a full twenty minutes. Let's see if 
you're still breathing!" he said. 

"I still think you should shove a pool cue up her ass." laughed Markie. 
"It's so neat the way they squirm and kick." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Ali's Bet 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 06 "Barbecue." 

Jessica arrived back from the barbecue pit. "Um, Merle? The fire is ready. 
Which one are you going to roast?" 

Ali took this as her cue to make a noise. She coughed and spluttered. Her 
throat was incredibly sore but she could breath. Fantastic clean pure 
mountain fresh forest air. She breathed as deeply as she could. She felt 
the dildos in her ass and cunt slip out. A few more seconds and she wouldn't 
have been able to control them. 

"Sorry to disappoint you Merle," said Lee cradling Ali in his arms. "But 
it seems like Ali's still alive." 

"Really? Damn, those tits would have tasted nice. Oh well, Penny will make 
a nice roaster. Let's cut her down and stuff her." 

Merle was happily stopped by Joy and given a blowjob. Lee guessed Joy was 
very happy to end up being the one on the barbecue pit. Once Merle had 
cummed he cut Penny down and dropped her carcass heavily on the table beside 
Ali. Lee cut Ali's noose off and told her to lie still and just breath. Ali 
didn't feel like arguing. 

Merle took hold of Ali's head. "Hey Lee, you sure you don't want me to spit 
Ali? I've got one ready for Penny. I can do Ali before she comes around." 

"No thanks Merle. She won fair and square. Come on, I'll help you with 
Penny." replied Lee. 

Ali was unconscious. She didn't hear any of the conversation and about how 
close she came to being lunch again. 

Lee turned Penny onto her back and removed the pool cue with a loud popping 
noise. He held her down while Merle cut into Penny's stomach. Both men 
removed the guts and once the cavity was clean Lee decided to leave Merle 
to put in the stuffing. 

"Well Merle. I'll leave you to your work. If Ali comes around give me a 
yell. I'm going to grab a beer." said Lee. 

"You and Ali staying for dinner?" 

"Sure we are!" 

Fifteen minutes later Penny was ready for spitting. Dolcett pushed the 
spit through Penny's cunt. 

"Okay Merle I've got the spit shoved in, now what?" 

"Just push it right on through ... it should be easy." said Merle. "That's 
it, just keep pushing. I'll tilt her head back and bingo, the spit will 
come right on through." 

"Should we pull the pins out of her clit and nipples?" 

"Oh yeah, don't want to eat one by accident." laughed Merle. 

Round about this time Ali stirred from her slumber. She felt the warm sun 
on her body and the hard wooden surface beneath her. She opened her eyes 
only to see the point of the spit exiting out through Penny's mouth. Oh 
God she thought. 

Ali felt hands around her neck helping her up. Behind her Penny was lifted 
up onto Dolcett's and Merle's shoulders and taken away to the barbecue pit. 

"Hi sweetheart." said Lee to Ali. "I see you're up and around." 

Ali tried to talk but could only manage a cough and wheezing. 

"That's okay," smiled Lee. He kissed her on the forehead. "Don't try to 
talk just yet. It will take a while for your voice to come back." 

Ali stood up and felt better on her feet. Lee pulled off her nipple clamps 
which caused her to yelp. Ali knew she was less than ten seconds away from 
being just as dead as Penny. She wondered how she would have tasted but 
shook the thought away. She survived the bet and that's what counted. She 
yelped again as the second nipple clamp snapped off. 

Lee looked deep into her eyes. "And last, but not least." he said and took 
something from behind him. It was a set of keys. "Here's the keys to your 
new Mercedes." 

Ali smiled. It hurt but she didn't care. "Cough ... thank you." 

"You earned it Ali. Come on, let's go and join the others." 

"Hey you two," yelled Dolcett. Come and join the fun already." 

Lee and Ali walked over to him. In his hand was a riding crop. Ali looked 
over to the tree where she had be hanging from before. Hung from the ropes 
tied to their wrists were Joy and Jessica. Joy was getting a French kiss 
from Markie. Both the girls had red marks all over their bodies. It seemed 
Markie and Dolcett were taking turns in some good old fashioned spanking 
and whipping. 

"Well Ali," said Dolcett. "Good to see you up and around. Still can't talk 
huh?! Well just relax. Penny's going to be ready to serve soon and we're 
just having fun." 

Ali looked over to the barbecue pit. Merle was watching Penny rotate very 
slowly over the fire. Penny's browning skin was covered in a mixture of 
sweat and basting. Ali smelled the aroma and it made her mouth water. She 
felt she was going to enjoy her new lifestyle from now on. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





