BDSM Library - The Guest




The Guest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive woman and her young lover have a houseguest.  Her limits are pushed with light humiliation.
The Guest

It was late on a thursday night - they had just finished making love, and she
was cuddled close to him, nearly asleep when he whispered in her ear  - "Oh,
Kiricat - I almost forgot to tell you, you have a houseGuest this weekend -
please arrange a babysitter and lay in some groceries..."  He looked critically
around the messy bedroom, "And you will please clean up around here.  We're
going to need some workspace.  Oh... and some candles might be nice.  Lots and
lots of candles."

The big day arrived.  The house was clean, food was in the fridge - enough for
the whole weekend.  They had spent the entire Saturday afternoon, sightseeing,
visiting the high points of Florence.  While the houseGuest and the little boy
had been checking out some of the lovely fra angleico paintings in the cloisters
at San Marco, L pulled her into a private monks cell.  He pushed her against the
wall, lifting her short skirt with one hand,  holding her arms firmly against
her back with the other.  As he shoved two fingers deep in her cunt, he
whispered in her ear - "Little Kircat, I love you - I don't want you to forget
who you belong to tonight.  You are mine, to do with and give to whomever I
please."  Her cunt was creaming, and she bit her tongue to stifle a moan as he
worked his thumb into her ass, none too gently. "When we get home, I am taking
our Guest out for a drink while you start dinner.  When we get back, I want you
clean, inside and out - and dressed for dinner..."   He pinned her to the wall
with another finger in her ass and reached around, wrapping his hand around her
throat..."and when you are dressed, please put a buttplug in your ass for me - I
want you open tonight..." At this, she came, shuddering, tottering on her heels. 
He smiled at her then, and kissed her damp cheek.  "Kiricat, please compose
yourself now.  Remember you're a lady", and he walked off, leaving her to pull
her skirt down and catch her breath.

The rest of the sunny afternoon was divine - relaxed and easy.  They took in the
David, walked through the San Lorenzo market, and made their way back to her
small apartment at Porto al Prato.  After some wine on the terrace, she left to
take the little one to the babysitters house while the gentlemen drank their
wine and chatted. 

When the woman returned home, the men were still there, talking amiably about
nothing of import.  As she came onto the terrace, L smiled at her, pulled her
down onto his lap, and kissed her.  "So, kitten, we are going to go out now - is
there anything we can get while we're out?  Oh... I forgot ... first, I want you
to go get your toybag and show our Guest your favorite playthings..."  The woman
blushed furiously, looking at him pleadingly.  He laughed gently at her
distress, pulling her closer to him - stroking her hair "Kitty, you belong to
me.  Please don't make me punish you in front of our Guest.  Be a good girl, and
do as I tell you"

Reluctantly, tears in her eyes, she walked to the bedroom.   This wasn't what
she had in mind.  As much as she loved cock, and wanted to feel them both take
her, hard - she didn't like feeling  shamed.  Truthfully, she would have
preferred to not obey - to be taken and spanked there and then - that she would
have enjoyed.  However, as much as she would have enjoyed being whipped, that
wasn't the deal.  She belonged to him, had given herself into his keeping - and
ultimately would do as she was asked.

Returning, cheeks burning,  with the toy bag, she slowly walked to the table. 
"Now, kitty cat, time for show and tell" -  She couldn't raise her eyes - slowly
she began to extract items from the bag - first a mediumish dildo - "Now kitty,
where do you like that?" 

In her very smallest voice she replied "Anywhere you please sir" -

 He laughed.  "Good girl... next please..." 

Trembling, she pulled out a rather large butt plug, "Ok angel where does that
go?"
 			
"In your girls ass, sir".

Though trembling, and embarrased her trecherous pussy was beginning to respond,
making it all the more excrutiating.  She was still afraid to look at their
Guest, certain he was, at this point disgusted with her,  ready to bolt.  As she
peered up at him shyly, she saw he was grinning ear to ear - she felt her held
breath escape in relief as he asked "She can take that?" She saw L nod, smiling. 
"Oh, this is going to be great" said their Guest, leaning back and appraising
her with a whole new level of respect.

As she continued her show and tell, pulling out a range of implements divine and
obsene, both enjoyable and painful the two men regarded her, questioning her in
turn.  Their interest seemed almost scientific - curious and dispassionate. 
This did little to quell either her embarssment or the hot flood of juices 
spreading down her thighs.

Interrogation complete, she shoved the toys as quickly as possible back into the
toy bag.  Both men stood up to take their leave. L kissed her first, whispering
in her ear how proud he was of her.  Their Guest reached for her, kissing her on
both cheeks, smiling, and remarked "L, she's wonderful!  I have GOT to find me a
girl like this"  With this they left her to dress and prepare dinner - in an
agony of excitement and shame, sweetened by the pulse of her now pounding cunt.

As quickly as possible she drew her bath, and while the water was running she
set the table and put the dinner in the oven.  She bathed carefully, shaving
every inch of her body, cleaning herself carefully to be used in any way that L
and their Guest might find amusing.  Bath complete, she perfumed herself, dried
her long blonde hair, and slipped into a short tight black dress and a pair of
very high shiny black heels. She completed her makeup - carefully applying
eyeliner, mascara and lipstick - knowing and not caring that it was shortly to
be fucked right off her face.

Her toilette complete, she went to her bedroom, chose the buttplug that had been
the topic of discussion in their earlier interrogation of her, and slowly,
gently slipped the monster cock deep in her tight ass.

At the stroke of 8, everything was ready, dinner complete, candles burning, soft
sexy music playing in the background.  The doorbell rang, and her nipples
hardened as she took a deep breath, smiled with a confidence she in no ways
felt, and opened the door.

The gentlemen complimented her on her cooking, eating with gusto, making sure
her wine glass was kept full.  To her, the food - what she could eat - tasted
like paste.  She could barely swallow.   The plug in her ass was burning, and
uncomfortable to sit on - and making her so horny she could barely speak.

"Kirikat, you seem a bit nervous.." L  motioned her to him.  She stood, moving
next to him.  "please bend over, and rest your hands on the table" His hand
stroked down her back, resting on the flange of the plug, quickly shoving it in
and out until she gasped.

"I am afraid you haven't gotten enough to eat. We need to keep your strength up
- Our Guest was kind enough to get some desert for you" As if on cue, the other
man got up, returning with a container of ice cream from the freezer, some
spoons, and a bowl.

"Kiri, L has said some very nice things about you today.  I'd like you to come
here, and kneel in front of me please" She looked at L, who simply nodded, and
moved round the table, and knelt, pulling her skirt high up her thights, resting
her hands on her knees Goorl" said the Guest. "Now, I am going to feed you some
ice cream - "  She felt L move to the chair behind her, stroking her hair
gently.

"I want you to take my cock out now, please use your teeth - no hands right now
- " She did as she was told, leaning back once his cock was released - "Now,
Kiri, open your mouth for me - wide - that's it - good girl" - he filled her
mouth with the gelato, cold and sweet - "now, take my cock into your mouth... Oh
yeah thats it...."

She sucked him in deep and hard, taking as much of his cock in one swallow as
she could, running her lips hungrily up and down, swirling her lips around the
fat head.  Behind her, L was still holding her head, controlling her thrusts. 
He placed his foot between her legs, under her ass - and began shoving the
buttplug deeper into her ass with his food - fucking her in rythm to her long,
hard sucks.  The Guest pulled out... smiling - refilling her mouth with cold
cream - "You're gonna suck this cock for a long time Kiri - " as L shoved her
face back onto his huge cock, he reached around, pulling her dress up, tugging
relentlessly on one nipple then the other...

She wanted it so bad... cock in her face - plug in her ass, nipples being
twisted - she began to moan, showing back onto L's leg to drive the huge rubber
cock deeper --- fucking this strangers cock with her mouth - L knew, saw that
she was about to come, and pulled harder still on her stretched nipples,
pinching them with all his strength... L pulled her up at the waist, Cock still
lodged in her throat, and shoved his cock deep into her hungry pussy - filling
her with cock - fucking her simultaneously with the cock in her ass and his in
her pussy.  He road her hard - brutally - forcing her mouth even deeper and
deeper onto the Guest's Dick.  As her orgasm built to a fury, the Guest began to
moan, shoving his cock against the ring of muscle in her throat - finally, her
body, covered in sweat ... exploded, juices squirting in a stream behind her, L
holding her tightly - shooting his load into her soaked cunt.  She screamed with
the head of the cock lodged deep in her mouth - it was more than he could take,
and the Guest pulled out, shooting hot cream all over her face and dress.

When she came to - she was gently being undressed by the two men, who were
smiling wickedly down at her.  "I'm afraid we've ruined your dress Little Kiri"
the Guest murmered, gently circling his fingers in the sticky cum clinging to
her face... "You're not done yet, KiriKat, we still have plans for you... " L
smiled at her, loving her  and wanting her....

They led her, naked but for her high heels,  into the living room.  The sat for
a few moments, quietly, on the sofa - sipping wine, L gently stroking her
swollen pussy and idly playing with the plug still firmly planted in her ass,
The Guest with his arm around her, stroking the back of her neck.

"KiriKat - I'm so proud of you tonight" L began... "but earlier tonight before
dinner, I asked you to do something, and you hesitated and were ashamed.  Do you
remember?"  She looked up fearfully at him - and simply nodded.."That was
naughty and you need to remember that when you belong to me, you are never to
feel ashamed - you're my slut and I love you."  He pulled the paddle out from
behind the sofa - and addressing the other man "So, you are the Guest of honor
tonight, so - would you like to try something new?" The Guest smiled, a glint in
his eyes, and took the hefty paddle, smacking it a few times against his hand
"I'm going to have this slut suck my cock, so she can't cry out.  Be careful to
only aim for her ass - hitting the plug in deeper is a bonus - she can take it
quite hard, so dont be afraid to hit her...I'll let you know when she's had
enough - sometime around the third or fourth orgasm should do it..."  So saying
he pushed her over the large excercise ball in the living room,  and pulled her
mouth to his cock.

And it began, hard.  With every stroke of the paddle, she swallowed L's cock
deeper into her mouth, sucking him hungrily, lost in a haze of pain and pleasure
- her ass, burning and dancing.  She could taste her cunt on his cock, her
tongue cleaned him hungrily tasting her juice mixed with his cum - as the Guest
drove the paddle onto her flaming cheeks, she soared - crying out her body came,
pussy juice, streaming down her body, pooling under her.  She couldn't know when
one cum began and another ended --- tears rolling down her face - the men
whispering softly encouraging words that she could no longer understand - she no
longer existed in her mind but in a place beyond shame, beyond words or thoughts
or anything.  As her body tremored from its 10th or 20th orgasm - she heard L
say - "it's time - let's do it - "

The beating stopped, leaving her wet, still hungry, gasping for breath - and she
heard the sound of condoms being opened, and the soft squeeking sound as they
rolled over 2 hard cocks - rubbering up - as L pulled the plug out of her ass
she came again - no longer caring - just being.

L lifted her off the large rubber ball, sitting on it and lowering her body down
onto his rock hard dick, laying back against the couch "Thats it baby - fuck
me... grind your pussy into me... lovely kirikat...."... and she felt two hands
behind her, spreading her still flaming cheeks open wide - rubbing spit and her
own wet juices deep into her asshole - and a hard, huge rubbered cock,
stretching into her - opening her back door none too gently - inisistantly even
- as L guided her hips up and down on his dick she was opened from behind in one
smooth motion - "Look into my eyes Kirikat...."  That did it.  She began to fuck
them both like a wildcat - needing cock - cock being all her mind could
encompass  - cock splitting open her holes - filling her - the center of her
universe - and she began to cum - as they fucked her - and fucked her - and
fucked her to glory and back again.

When she woke up it was morning.  She had been cleaned up and tucked into her
warm bed.  Her little boy had been returned and was tucked in next to her.  She
heard sounds coming from the kitchen - smelt freshly brewed coffee.  Sleepily
she got up, stumbing through the kitchen and onto the terrace, where two happy
men were talking... they smiled at her, happy to see her - makeup fucked off or
no.  L offered her a seat, explaining that they had already been out to get her
some pastries for breakfast.  M hurried to her side with a large cup of freshly
brewed american coffee - it was going to be a lovely day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kiri


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





