BDSM Library - Nikki




Nikki
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nicole, a young college co ed who needs extra cash steals from the bookstore where she works and is caught.  She has to do whatever her young teenage supervisor tells her to in order to  keep herself out of jail and repay the debt, which gets larger as time goes on.
Nikki

Chapter 1 

   Nicole... or Nikki, as most people knew her, never really had a want or need
that was unfulfilled when she was growing up.  Her parents had always taken good
care of her. Going to college was all they ever really wanted from her, and that
was all the motivation she needed. After her parents died in the car accident,
she decided that she would work toward completing her education. Unfortunately,
their death was unexpected and they never bothered completing a will.  As a
result, most of their assets went to the the state to pay off debts that she
didn't think they had. She didn't really understand the process and was somewhat
surprised when she realized that all that was left was just a few thousand
dollars. The money didn't last very long. Between all the trendy new clothes she
had to buy and then the visits to the salon... When the money was gone, she
moved in with her grandmother, who lived off of her Social Security checks.
Together they barely scraped by, but Nikki found it difficult living the life of
a pauper, she felt it was beneath her. 

   At the beginning of her junior year, now twenty, Nikki decided to move into a
dorm on campus so that she wouldn't be such a big burden on her grandmother.
Actually, it also allowed her a little more freedom. Her grandmother was very
strict and old-fashioned. Nikki had to take a job at the campus bookstore to pay
for her tuition and her living expenses, but she couldn't stand working. Worse
yet, the assistant manager, Stephanie, was not even a college student. She was
still in high school, and was constantly harassing her. Nikki was sure she was a
les. She was always watching her, following her around the store. She despised
the teen. She even went as far as trying to get the girl fired so she could take
over as the assistant. Unfortunately, her idea backfired and afterward Stephanie
just seemed bent on getting even. Nikki almost felt almost justified when she
began to pocket a little cash each day. "It's just for food," she thought.
"Anyway, I need it more than they do" . . . At first it was just a few dollars a
day. But then she grew bolder and began taking more. It should have been no
surprise when she was confronted . . . 

"Nikki, I need to talk to you about something in the office." Stephanie was repulsive. 
She was quite heavy, almost portly. At 5'0", she was several inches shorter than Nikki 
and with her roundish body she looked almost like a beachball with arms and legs. 
Her skin was always oily, making her face look constantly shiny. Her hair was short, 
cut in a boyish trendy style. She always smelled funny, almost like she never bathed. 
"Yuck," she said, wrinkling her nose as she followed Stephanie into the office.

"What?" Stephanie turned around glaring. 

"Nothing, I just noticed some dirty shelves I'll have to take care of later."

Stephanie pushed open the door to the office and went to sit behind the large
metal desk. Nikki's nose flared when she noticed that same funny smell hit her.
She closed the door behind her and took a seat across from the greasy looking
teen. She ran her fingers through her dark hair and just stared at her young
supervisor with her green eyes. 

"What is it Stephanie? I hope this is important. I have a lot to get done before
my shift's over." 

"Nikki, I'm going to be very blunt . . . I know you have been stealing from the
register." 

"Wha . . . what?" Nikki started to squirm in her chair. Panic was setting in . . . 
Stephanie could see it as her pretty green eyes darted around the room. 

"Rob had a video camera installed last week. He's made it my job to review the
tapes and report my findings to him. We've been losing a lot of money, Nikki."
Nikki was speechless. "You have been stealing from the store for a while, actually
quite awhile!" 

"I'll pay you . . . the store back, I just needed to eat and get a few things.
And, I just don't make enough here." 

"Nikki, don't be stupid. You've stolen at least three grand. I know you don't
have that kind of money... anymore, that is." Nikki thought she noticed the teen 
smirk at that. "If you can't pay it back right now, in full, I'm going to have to 
tell Rob, the store manager, and he'll notify the cops and campus administration." 

"I can work for free until I pay it back!" She was shaking. 

"I guess that means you don't have the money." She began to sob. A crooked smile 
played on Stephanie's lips just then. 

"I guess I have no other choice . . . " More sobs...... "Unless..." She looked
up at her, her eyes wide. Stephanie noticed her breasts heaving in her outfit as
she cried. Nikki looked stunning, even now she was one of the prettiest girls
Stephanie had ever seen. Far prettier than any girl at the high school, and she
wanted Nikki for herself. 

"Unless?" she asked, wiping away the tears from her cheeks. 

"Perhaps we can make some kind of arrangement?" 

"An arrangement?" she sounded hopeful, thinking she would pay it back and be
free. 

"Yes, it's very simple really. You're going to do some work for \i me\i0 . Some
private work . . . and you're going to do everything I say, no matter what it
is." 

"What?!?" 

"You heard me. I tell you to do something, anything, and you do it. No questions
asked!" 

"Fuck you! I won't do that," she shouted as she started to get up to leave. 
Stephanie picked up the phone. "Who should I call first? Rob, the cops or
administration? I guess if I call administration you will be kicked out of
school and then we can call the cops to take you off to jail. I don't think your
grandmother will be too happy to hear about your sticky fingers. I don't think
she'll like having to come pick you up from jail. Have you ever been to jail
Nikki?" 

She looked at her in horror as she sat back down, not knowing what to do now.
She was caught and knew there was no other way out, except,_ _ _ except to take
the offer! "Well! What's it gonna be?" Nikki began to cry again. "Stop that fucking 
wailing and answer my question!" 

"Okay, okay . . . I'll do it, whatever you want. Just don't turn me in." She was
sobbing again. 

"Wow, I think that's the smartest thing I've ever heard you
say. Very good." She looked Nikki over with a nasty smile. "Now let's get a few 
things straight. I will work out all the details of how you will repay your debt. 
So . . . from here on you will do anything and everything I tell you to do. You will 
do what I tell you to do immediately without hesitation. If you don't, you're going
to be punished. If you fuck with me, I will turn you into Rob, to the cops and
to the college." 

"It's like you own me, oh god." She whispered. 

"That's right. Now say it you stuck up bitch, who do you belong to?" 

"yyyoooou!" 

"That's right and what does that mean?" 

"I...I don't know . . . I" 

"It means that you'll do anything I want! Anything, anytime, anyplace and
without hesitation!" 

"Yes." 

"Repeat it." 

"I'll do anything you want." 

"No, say it all you prim and proper bitch!" 

"iiiii'll do anything, anytime, anyplace you say without hesitation! 
"Of course you will, Nikki."
"Oh god! What have I gotten into?" 
Stephanie started laughing "You've gotten yourself in a heap
of trouble! Now, give me your store I.D. badge." 

"Wha . . . why?" 

"I have to give you a new one. And don't question me either!" 
Nikki pulled the badge off of her shirt and handed it to her. Stephanie opened
the desk drawer and produced a blank badge. 

"Okay, let's take your new photo." She said as she stood up. "Get over by the
line."  Nikki got up hesitantly and nervously walked over to the mark for the I.D.
photos. Stephanie stepped up behind the tripod and looked through the camera
lens. "Hmmm. I don't know. Looks a little too conservative, I think. Take off your
shirt."  

"Stephanie, please!" 

"I think you know what will happen if you don't do it, Nikki." 
Crying, Nikki started to unbutton her shirt, knowing this fat bitch would make
those calls. "That's a good girl. I think we are going to get along just fine, don't you?"
She untucked the shirt and pulled it off, exposing the black bra underneath.
Stephanie looked thru the camera again. "Still too conservative, I think the bra needs 
to go too Nikki." She smiled.

Nikki looked at the teen, her mouth wide open. "The fat bitch!" She thought.
Reluctantly, she reached behind her back and undid the clasp. She held the cups
to her breasts for a moment then pulled it away, letting her full, heavy breasts
drop. There was a flash and a moment of blindness. 

"Wow! You have pretty titties, better than playboy tits." She looked behind the camera
again. "Okay let's do this one for keeps. Squeeze your tits together, lift them
and smile." She felt like crying but didn't want to give her the satisfaction. 
"That's awesome, now one more, the same way. Wait, pinch your nipples a little
and make them hard." Nikki pinched each nipple and then watched them shamefully as 
they became erect.

"Oh yeah, now that is nice. Squeeze them together again and lift a little . . .
be sure to smile." !!!!FLASH!!!! "Gotcha." 

"Are you finished? Can I put my shirt back on now?" 

"No, I'll let you know when, just stand there holding those titties" 
The teen then nonchalantly went on putting together the ID badge for her. She
slid it through the little badge machine, sealing it with the polyurethane
cover. She then started to type the title. After she was finished with the
badge, she added a metal clip. 

"Here you are Nikki." She handed her the new badge as she tossed the old badge
in the trash. Nikki looked at the badge. 

"Oh my god! I can't wear this. You're crazy!" She stared down at the tiny photo.
She looked like a whore, offering her tits to a customer and smiling about it.
She read her name and the title beneath it: "Nikki DeLeon - SLAVE" 

"You can put your shirt on Nikki." She reached for her bra, wanting to cover up 
quickly! "Uh uh. No more bras . . . I want your tits to be free." Stephanie pulled 
out a blank folder and wrote something on it. Then she took the remaining three 
pictures and placed them inside. She then placed the folder in her desk drawer, and 
looked up at Nikki. She was still staring at the photo of herself. Stephanie smiled. 
She was just standing there with her top off and looking down at the picture. 
"Nikki," she said again, snapping her out of her daze. "You can get dressed
now." She smiled. She was so fucking hot and now she was hers! "I'll take the
bra since you won't be needing it anymore." She took the bra off of the desk and
placed it in the desk along with the folder. Nikki was putting on her shirt, a
defeated look on her face. She smiled again; she could make nikki do anything
she wanted; she belonged to her. Nikki was now her property!! 
"Put the badge on, wear it whenever you are working or you won't be paid for
that day." nikki reluctantly clipped the badge onto her top left pocket. 
"By the way you can leave early today, we're going out tonight. I want you to
get dressed up . . . none of that conservative shit either. What do you have
that looks slutty?" 

"I don't know! Nothing!" 

"Fine. I want you to wear a tube top and a pair of jean shorts." 

"I don't have a tube top," she blurted. 

"You know, you're pretty stupid for a college girl. I guess you're going to have
to get one. Here . . ." she said, pulling twenty dollars out of her pocket. "Buy
a tube top and a pair of spike heeled shoes. At least 5 inches. Make sure the
tube top and the shoes match." She nodded. "Meet me at the movie theater at 8PM
. . . no later." 

"Wait, this isn't enough money." 

"Go to a discount store or a thrift shop." 

"A discount store?" Nikki had never bought any clothes from a discount store and had never even
heard of a thrift shop. All her clothes were designer and expensive! 

"Yes, there's a good one downtown, around Fifth Street. I'm sure they'll have
something that would work. Oh, make sure you wear the outfit out of the shop and
I want you to wear what you have on now!  When you leave, give them to the
counterman. " She chuckled. Nikki started to get up, she wanted to get away from
this fat bitch as fast as she could! 

"Sit down! Did I say you could leave?" 

"Wha . . . I didn't . . . I thought we were done." 

"Shut up! You stand when I tell you to stand. You sit when I tell you to sit.
You pee when I tell you to pee. You don't do anything unless I say to! Do you
understand?" 

"I..." 

"Yes or no? I doesn't exist for you anymore . . . it's just me . . . your entire
life is now going to be centered around me. I'm going to tell you what to do and
when to do it. You'll do nothing, and I mean nothing, without me telling
you. Now, sit down! And answer me bitch, NOW!" 

"Yes, I understand!" Nikki sat down again, she was trembling with anger. 

"Very good, now you can go." 
Her mouth dropped. She could not believe that this disgusting high school bitch,
was treating her this way. 

"I said get out!" 
Nikki quickly got up and left the office. The door slammed behind her. 
Once Nikki was out of her office, Stephanie took out the folder and the sexy
bra. She held the bra to her nose, taking in the scent of her new toy and looked
at the pictures she had just taken. Her brain whirled with all the thoughts of
how she would use and humiliate this sexy girl. She couldn't wait to do more
with those lovely tits, and see the rest of her hot body. 

End Chapter 1




Nikki

Chapter 2 - At The Thrift Shop


   Nikki left the bookstore in tears. She didn't know what she had gotten into,
but knew for sure she wasn't going to spend time in jail. She would have to do
as this fat bitch wanted, no matter what happened and then she would get back at
her somehow. Nikki vowed revenge.

   She walked down Guadalupe St, after parking her car in a secure lot. She had
always hated this part of town. It was very sleazy. All the stores were run down
and filthy and there were all these homeless people around. Most of the time she
just ignored them but sometimes they would stop her, asking for money. She
always hated that. She stepped around a middle aged black man strumming a guitar
and walked into the shop Stephanie had suggested.  After the meeting with
Stephanie, she resigned herself to do what she had to do to stay out of jail. If
only she could do that without being abused by the evil teen. Her mind was
whirling with thoughts of rage and fear as she walked in and looked around the
dingy store.  The first thing she noticed was how the place smelled like body
odor. Similar to Stephanie!

  There were two men in the store, one was behind the front counter and the
other was busy cleaning toward the back. She looked around at the clothes,
everything was out of fashion and slutty looking. She done' t see anything that
she would ever have worn willingly. She took a deep breath, her big chest
expanding. Just then the man behind the counter spoke,  " Hey there babe, can I
help you with anything." He looked nasty, an overweight middle aged man with
little hair on top and an evil grin.

"No thanks, I' m just going to look around for a while."   She had some time
before having to meet with Stephanie again.

"Okay sweetheart. You just go ahead and take your time."


  She walked around the store and found a rack with different color tube tops.
She looked for her size but couldn't find anything that was big enough for her
chest. She picked the biggest one, it was white. She held onto it while she
looked for a pair of shorts to wear. Fortunately, the shorts were easier to
find, she didn't  have a lot time now since she spent so much time looking for a
top.  It was already almost 7PM.  Luckily she saw her size right away.

"Now for the shoes."   She thought.  She walked over to the shoe section and as
she expected all of the shoes were very high heeled. Her mother had always told
her to wear low heeled shoes to avoid looking cheap. She knew that more than a
few inches would force her butt to sway back and forth while she walked. She had
a hard time finding her size in white but then she saw a pair that matched the
tube top and that fit. She slipped off her flip flops and tried on the
stilettos. They were easily five inch heels. She walked up and down the aisle a
few times, wobbling uncertainly as the sleazy guy behind the counter eyed her.
Avoiding his gaze, she carried the clothes and went looking for the changing
room. After several minutes she returned to the front of the store exasperated.
He had a mischievous smile.

"Excuse me, isn' t there a changing room?"

"Shit babe, this isn' t Dillard' s, no we don't have a changing room."

"Never mind then," she said in a huff. I'll just take these."

"Okay, that' ll be $18.00 plus the trade in."

"What trade in?"

"You must not have read the sign in the window, everything in here is for trade.
If you don' t  want to pay full price that is. If you want those at full price
its $36.00."

" But, I don' t  have $36.00."    Stephanie must have known this when she gave
her the money for these cheap clothes. "Fucking Bitch!" she thought to her self.

"Well, I don't  know what to tell you, except, either pay the full price or
trade some clothes!"

  Nikki looked at her movado watch, it was now after 7:00. She done' t  have
enough time to go back home and get more clothes and then come back, and
Stephanie had said to give them the clothes she had on.  She didn't even want to
consider what would happen if she was late to the movie. She looked around.

"Well then can I use the bathroom or something to change, I'll just leave you
the clothes that I have on now."

"Sorry, no can do baby. We've had some problems with theft, especially in this
neighborhood. The bathroom is downstairs. Customers aren't  allowed down there.
You can go to the back of the store if you want, but then Billy is back there."

"Shit, what am I supposed to do?"   Nikki thought out loud.

"Well, you can always go ahead and change right here."

"What? In the middle of the store? You must be crazy!"

"Yeah. But, you better make up your mind babe, because I usually start getting a
crowd after 7:00."  

As if on cue, a bunch of teens walked in and began looking around. A couple of
the teens took a good look at Nikki as they walked by but then they just
followed their girls. Nikki looked up at the man pleadingly.

"Please sir, help me out. I don' t have a lot of time and I don't want to strip
in the middle of the store."

"I tell you what, I can take you into my private office, then no one but me will
see you."  

"I... I can' t do that."

"Well, that' s your only other option. You can go ahead and strip right in front
of everybody or you can do it in the office, or just don't get the clothes, but
it sounds like you need to have them! Its up to you, it doesn't matter to me." 

"Shit!" Nikki ran her hand angrily through her long hair. Things were not going
the way she had planned at all.  "  Okay, can we go to your office?"

"Alright then,"  he said smiling. "  Billy!! I'm taking this bit... girl into
the office, come up here and work the register."   Nikki went up around the
counter as he lifted the counter top.

"This way."   He walked up to a door and used his key to unlock it. "Let me have
the clothes your going to buy." 

   Nikki handed him the clothes she was going to try on and then walked into the
tiny office. It was sparsely furnished and riddled with boxes. She noticed the
small vault on the opposite wall. He went and sat behind the desk and pretended
to start looking for work to do.

   Nikki looked at him. He was shuffling some papers around. "Umm, do you think
you can turn around."

"Look."   He said angrily. "  I don't have the time for this! Go ahead and
change or get the fuck out."   He smiled coldly and then looked down again. He
heard her shuffling around and then heard her say something. Again he looked up,
he almost gasped when he saw that she had already taken off her shirt and draped
it over the door knob. She had one arm crossed over her large breasts.  He
didn't notice a bra.  Just as he thought "a slut."  His cock started to get
hard. 

"Okay, let me have the tube top."   She watched him lift it up with his pen. 
John smiled. Life was good. "  I have a better idea, how would you like to get
the clothes for free."

"What do you mean?"

"Drop your pants."

"No way!"

"Okay, then no deal. Get out."   Nikki realized her mistake just then. She had
no time to negotiate, he started to get up impatiently.

" Wait... You'll give them to me for free if I take off my pants?"

"Sure."

"You promise."

"Scouts honor."

"How do I know you're not lying."

"Do I look like the kind of guy that would lie?"   She wanted to scream yes, but
instead she wriggled her jeans down her hips. He smiled again.

   Billy' s eyes were transfixed to the scene that was unfolding on the video
monitor. He done' t know what was being said, but what he did know was that this
gorgeous girl was stripping before his eyes. He wished he could see her a little
better.  The camera was angled so that it faced the vault and so far he could
only see her from the side.  Wow, it looked like she had a nice rack. 

One of the teens, came up to the counter distracting him. He looked up at the
girl impatiently. " Yes miss, how can I help you?"  

"I'd just like to buy these three."   

"Sure, you have the trade?"

"Yeah, here you go."   She handed him a few items and then he completed the
sale.  A few minutes later she was gone.  Billy looked back at the monitor and
his eyes almost popped out of his head.  Holy shit, the bitch was taking off her
panties. Billy rubbed his cock though his jeans. Thank god for vhs!

"Excuse me?"   Billy looked up, his face frozen into a smile.

The girl looked at him oddly.

"Yes?"  

"Do you have any leather pants?"  

"No." He looked back down at the monitor.  John had gotten up and was coming
toward the door. "What the fuck is he doing??"

"Excuse me?"   The girl persisted.

"What??"  

"Well... do you have anything like that, maybe leather or vinyl?"   Billy looked
at the girl sharply, he wanted to tell her that she done' t  need to be wearing
leather pants with the body that she had, but he wanted to get rid as soon as
possible.

"Uhh... yea... the very last rack might have a few pairs, if we haven' t sold
them.  Go check there."

"Cool."

Billy looked back down and couldn't believe what he saw.  John was back down in
the chair with his pants half way down his thighs, the girl was now completely
naked and she was on her knees sucking his dick like a pro. He couldn't believe
it.

John looked up at the camera while Nikki desperately lapped at the head of his
cock.  All she wanted to do was to get out of this awful place.  He beamed and
then gave Billy a thumbs up. He couldn't  believe his luck with this girl. The
last thing John told her was that she had to suck him off if she wanted the
clothes. And he wasn't giving her clothes back either until she did. He held all
the cards. Nikki had to either do it or leave naked.

   He groaned as she sucked hard.  His cock felt like it was going to burst. He
grabbed her around the back of neck and started to pull her forward.  Nikki
gagged when she felt his dick slide toward the back of her throat.  She tried to
push him back, but he gripped her hard.  Suddenly his semen was spurting in her
mouth. "YUCK!!" She opened her mouth and some ran out of the sides, but she
swallowed the majority.  She retched as it slid out of her mouth, cum running
down her chin and onto her naked breasts. Frantically she got up off of her
knees pulling on the tube top, panties and shorts, not caring what she looked
like.

  With a sob she burst through the office door practically knocking Billy over
while he stood riveted to the monitor. She looked to the right and abruptly saw
the tv monitor under the register.  Oh god no!!   She started sobbing and ran
out of the store, the stilettos still in her hand.

  Nikki looked frantically at her watch as she ran down the street. "Shit, it's
almost 8:00!! If I'm late Stephanie will be so mad, who knows what will happen." 




CH 3: At the Movies 

    Nikki was livid. The tube top was way too small. Even if Stephanie had let
her wear one she couldn't wear a bra because it would have looked ridiculous. It
kept sliding down when she walked so she had to keep pulling it up to keep her
breasts covered. The shorts she had were also a little too small and they fit so
tight into her crotch her pussy lips separated and could probably be seen by
anyone looking.  She arrived at the theater about five minutes before eight. She
kicked off her flip-flops, leaving them in her car, then slipped on the cheap
5-inch stilettos. They were gross, but they fit. They were all scuffed up on the
sides . . . they looked like they belonged to some slutty hooker!

   She got out of her car and almost tripped slamming the car door behind her.
"Shit!" She wobbled over to the ticket stand continually pulling up her top and
trying to adjust her shorts so they wouldn't dig into her crotch.  She heard
some guys whistling and hooting at her from the parking lot. As she whirled to
see who they were she fell. The guys all started to laugh. The tube top slid
down almost to her nipples and her legs spread apart showing more of her pussy
in the tight shorts. She pulled the top back up and got back to her feet,
mortified.   Walking very carefully on those heels, she went to the ticket stand
. . . "Shit. There's nothing starting for another half-hour! That fat bitch! She
got me to come here early on purpose. Just so I would be standing out here like
some cheap whore!" 

    It was almost eight thirty when Stephanie showed up, but she wasn't alone.
She brought a boy. At least she thought he was a boy. Nikki couldn't tell; he
was quite big. He must have been close to 6 feet tall, but he had a young
looking face. Nikki watched the odd looking pair casually stroll up the steps.
She didn't think the two noticed her sitting against a wall on the far side of
the front entrance. Then Stephanie looked straight at her and snapped her
fingers twice.  

   Nikki looked at her in disbelief. "Does she really think I am going to run
over there when she snaps her fingers?"

   Stephanie looked at her angrily. Suddenly what she had told her earlier at
the bookstore flashed through her mind. She "was" serious. Nikki got up slowly,
trying to keep steady on her slutty stilettos. Stephanie was smiling wickedly as
the dark haired college student walked over. The boy looked like he was about to
drool.   "That's a good little bitch," She said. "Mmmm. You look awesome.  The
tube top is hot. How big are your tits anyway?"  

"What?" Nikki couldn't believe that she was talking to her like that in front of
this guy and anyone else who might be listening. Her hands closed tightly into
fists: her knuckles turning white.  

"Your boobs, how big are they? Or do I have to measure them right here?"

Several people on line heard them talking and looked their way. Nikki looked
down and pulled up her top. It was like she was asking what size tires her car
had.   "34D" she said quietly looking down, wanting to crawl into a hole and
hide. 

"That's awesome. I love big tits. Don't you Steve?"  

"Uh... yeah... they're cool."  "Oh, I almost forgot, this is Steve, he's a
friend." Nikki didn't really know what to say after the way the introductions
started.

"Uh...hi" She held out her hand.  Instinctively, Steve put his hand out to shake
it, but Stephanie stepped forward blocking him. Stephanie pulled some cash out
of her pocket and abruptly stuffed it inside Nikki's tube top between her
breasts.

"You pay," She said smiling. "We'll be waiting for you at the popcorn stand.
Come on Steve." With that they walked inside. Nikki saw her say something to the
ticket collector and then watched them go to the candy counter.   Nikki went to
the ticket counter and handed the woman the cash.

"Three for . . . " She looked up, there was only one movie starting at 8:30.

"Three for Showgirls," she said softly.  

"What movie?" Asked the girl behind the window.  

"Showgirls!" she practically shouted. Some guys behind her made some comments, a
few laughed. She took the change and the tickets and went to the ticket
collector. She handed him the tickets.  

"Showgirls is on the right." He was looking right down into her tube top at the
deep cleavage. She pulled it up quickly and took the torn tickets. Nikki walked
over to the counter. Stephanie came right up to her and whispered into her ear.  

"Order a large unbuttered popcorn, nachos and two cokes. We'll see you inside."
Again she turned and left her.

Nikki turned toward the counter to see a young guy looking straight at her
chest. She pulled her tube top up again and pulled her hair forward. "That's
definitely enough of that," she thought. Her long dark hair now covered most of
her chest.   She ordered the nachos and popcorn and the sodas. "I hate
unbuttered popcorn," she thought as she walked into the theater and down the
center aisle. "Stephanie?" she called. Walking a bit further. "Steve?" She was
half way down the aisle. Still, nothing. Nikki turned around the white light
from the projector blinding her and shining on her like a spotlight. The tube
top started to slide down. "Stephanie!" She was walking up the aisle again.
"Steve, where are you?" Not a word. The tube top slid to just above her nipples.
"Shit, it's going to come off!"  

"My name is Steve!" yelled someone. A few people laughed.

"Yeah mine too," said another. More laughs. She looked down at herself. One hard
nipple was nearly out above the tube top. She pressed the popcorn against her
chest, but all she did was mash her boobs together and cause the top to slide
down a little more. Then she heard that snapping sound that Stephanie had made
with her fingers outside. Nikki turned to look in the direction. The two were
all the way on the end.  

Nikki quickly went down that aisle and practically dropped the popcorn and
nachos all over them. Stephanie smiled at her "Are you cold?" The tube top had
slid down just below her nipples, they were standing straight out, like pencil
erasers. 

"Shit," she grabbed the tube top and yanked it up. Steve chuckled. Stephanie
slid over one seat and patted the chair.

"We saved you a seat."   As the lights went out in the theater, Stephanie leaned
over and whispered in her ear.  "I want you to jerk Steve off."  

"What!?!"  

"I'm not going to say it again slut! Do it or I'm going to have you dragged out
of here in cuffs." Nikki looked at her in disbelief.  

"I can't."  

"You will"  

"No."  

"Fine, have it your way." Stephanie started to get up. Nikki looked at her
panicked; she had a pathetic look on her face.  

"Please?"  

"What's it going to be?"  

"Oh god, please Stephanie not here. I'll do it, just not here." 

"You'll do it here, you'll do it now! Take it out of his pants and jerk him off
right here, right now."   A tear trickled down her face. Steve, still smiling
moved the popcorn forward on his lap showing her the bulge in his pants. "Do it
now!" Stephanie hissed. Nikki's hand went to his lap and pulled the zipper down.

Another tear trickled down her face as his dick leapt out of his pants. She took
it in her hand. "Now stroke it, stroke it fast. She started to stroke it up and
down rapidly. It was huge, the biggest dick she had ever seen. He was so
repulsive . . .  Nikki watched the screen, she could hear him start to breathe
rapidly after a few minutes. His breath was getting shorter and shorter. She
looked around when the screen got bright . . . several people were clearly
looking at her. She stopped.   He looked at her, his words breathless.

"Don't stop, I'm about to cum"  

"But, there are people watching . . . " Nikki begged. 

Stephanie was riveted. "You do it bitch. Jerk him off." Teary eyed she again
stroked him, this time much faster.  

"Oh yea, that's it. Faster, stroke me faster. Ahhhhhhh."  He lowered the box of
popcorn abruptly and started to cum in the container. Her hand kept moving
mechanically up and down as he bucked his hips a few times and then finished.
Nikki pulled away her hand disgustedly, looking around for something to use to
wipe the mess off of her hands.  

"Mmmm . . . " Stephanie cooed. "That was cool. Now, let's go to the bathroom."
Stephanie got up and walked down the aisle.   Nikki followed her in a daze all
the way to the brightly-lit bathroom. "Go into the stall take off your panties
and come back out."   Nikki looked at her in horror.

"What... why?"  

"Are you confused?  

"No."  

"Then what?"  

"But why?"  

"Because that's what I said. Now do it or you're going to take them off out
here."   Nikki quickly entered the stall, pulled the tight shorts off and then
removed her panties. She came back several minutes later; her eyes were a little
puffy and red.   "The panties?"  

"Here." Nikki opened her hand and showed her the small panties. Stephanie took
them out of her hand and then held them up. Nikki turned red with embarrassment.  

"God, you're a tiny thing aren't you? We just might have to plump you up a
little bit." The door to the bathroom opened and an older lady walked in. She
looked at the two in shock, then her gaze shifted to Nikki, looking her up and
down. Nikki heard her mutter "slut" under her breath as she opened one of the
stall doors.   Stephanie smiled and then walked out of the bathroom, snapping
her fingers as she left. The shame faced

college student followed reluctantly behind. When they got back to their seats
Stephanie handed Steve the panties. "Here, a souvenir."  

"Cool" Steve just balled up the tiny underwear and stuffed them in his pocket. 
Stephanie leaned over to her and started to whisper again.

"That was the last time you'll wear that shit. No bras and no panties. You got
me? Now, open up your cutoffs. Steve and I want to watch you play with
yourself."  

"Oh no, please, don't ask me to do that."  

"Do it! Or you'll take them off!" Nikki started when Stephanie barked in her
ear. She reluctantly started to open her shorts.

"Play with yourself." Reluctantly, she did as she was told and her fingers slid
inside. "Now open your mouth." Stephanie grabbed a handful of popcorn and
started stuffing Nikki's mouth. "Eat it all, don't drop a piece." Nikki started
to chew the popcorn that Steve had cum on. She coughed, spraying bits of popcorn
out of her mouth and onto the empty seats in front of them. "Bitch, I said eat
it all," putting more in her mouth. Nikki started sobbing and coughing.  

"Stephanie please!"  

"Do I have to repeat myself every time I say something?"  Nikki noticed the
ticket collector walking down the aisle with a flashlight. He flashed his light
at some guys, motioning for them to take their feet off the chairs in front of
them. She hoped he didn't shine the light on her and see her masturbating like
that.  "Make yourself cum." She was trembling as her fingers moved in. She was
wet. "We want you to cum. We want to watch you do it." Her fingers were going in
and out of her and then teasing her clit. Steve was looking at her, the top of
her shorts opened, her hand deep inside her shorts. He abruptly pulled up her
tube top, exposing her perfect breasts.  

"God, look at those titties." He took her nipple between his fingers and rolled
it around a little. "You are so fucking hot."  

Stephanie chuckled. "I told you she was. I can just imagine all the fun things
we're going to do together. Isn't that right Nikki?" Nikki moaned a little. "Of
course, first you'll have to learn how to act. None of that dumb shit you've
been pulling on me. You're just a slut, for me and anyone else I decide. You're
my little slave!" She cackled. Nikki closed her eyes. Steve's hands were mauling
her, squeezing her left tit roughly. "That's right," she started again. "Before
I'm done with you you'll be the biggest slut this town has ever seen." To
Nikki's complete dismay she started to cum. She couldn't believe what was
happening. Here she was masturbating in a movie theater while some guy that she
didn't know squeezed her tits'   "That's a good bitch, now lick your fingers."
Mechanically Nikki brought her hand toward her mouth; she saw how wet her
fingers were. One by one she slid each finger into her mouth, until they were
all licked clean. "Okay Nikki, you can close your shorts now." She breathed a
sigh of relief as she zipped them and then snapped them shut. Stephanie reached
over and pulled her tube top back down over her breasts and then went back to
eating her nachos.  Every once in a while she would pause long enough to grab
some popcorn and stuff it into Nikki's mouth.

They stopped talking after that, watching the movie as though none of it had
happened.  The movie ended a short while later and they got up to leave, "Give
me your shoes," 

"What?" 

"Just give me your shoes and stop asking stupid questions." Nikki reached down
and pulled off the ugly stilettos, instantly feeling the greasy floor beneath
her bare feet. Reluctantly she handed them to the teen.

"Okay, let's go."  They began to file out of the theater, Nikki felt really
trashy walking around barefoot in the theater.  Stephanie whispered something to
Steve and he wrapped his arm around Nikki, his hand dropping right over her
breast. Nikki lowered her head so no one could see her shame. The lights went up
and she noticed her panties sticking half way out of his pants pocket.

"No more underwear," She had said. Nikki looked away, a tear tricking down her
cheek as Steve's fingers nonchalantly slipped inside her tube top and began
playing with her hardening nipple. Steve smiled as they walked past the counter
help. Three guys watched his hand clearly playing with her titty beneath her
top. Steve winked and they just stood there with their mouths hanging open. The
three walked out of the theater and to Nikki's car. All the while Steve's hand
massaged more and more of her breast. Nikki avoided all the looks she was
getting from people that walked by them.

They stopped outside of her car door. "When you get in your car I want you to
take off all your clothes." Stephanie smirked.  

"Stephanie. You're kidding right?" Nikki fumbled with her keys. She sat in the
car, her bare feet on the pavement and her mouth hanging open.   

"Nikki, get naked! Your only choice is whether you do it in the car or out of
it."   All she wanted to do was start the engine and take off, but she knew
there was nowhere she could go. Stephanie had her good. Nikki angrily pulled off
her tube top, her large firm breasts falling slightly, her long puckered nipples
still hard. Then she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down her legs and
finally off.   She handed them all to Stephanie, the tube top, and the shorts
leaving her stark naked in the car with the door wide open. Stephanie tossed the
Stilettos onto the passenger seat.  

"Stephanie... why are you..."  she sobbed crossing her arms over her bare
breasts and closing her legs. 

"Because I can... Now, I want you to go home and get good nights sleep because
tomorrow is going to be a very busy day for you. Oh, and by the way," She
reached in between her legs and yanked a few of her pubic hairs causing the
shocked girl to scream. "I want this gone, shave it off. Porno girls don't have
any and neither will you. By the way, have fun getting into the dorm." 

"But Stephanie please..."  

"Nikki look, if you say one more word I'm going to make you walk home like that.
You'll do whatever I want... remember? Just go home and when you meet me here
tomorrow I want you to be in your shortest skirt and tightest top. If I don't
like the outfit you'll be bare ass naked the rest of the day. Now go." Stephanie
and Steve walked away laughing as Nikki started the engine and pulled away with
a screech of tires.  

"Shit!" she screamed and drove out of the theater parking lot. She sank down in
the seat and had one arm on the wheel and the other crossed over her boobs. "How
the hell am I going to get in the dorm like this?"  

   Stephanie was still laughing as she walked back into the theater. She found
the three guys still standing by the counter; she could hear them talking about
the girl with the big boobs getting felt up. "Here you go guys, Nikki said that
she wanted to give you something to remember her by." Stephanie put the tube top
and shorts on the counter top and left.  




CH 4

Nikki woke up to the sound of the phone. "What the hell??" She looked at the
clock with half opened eyes as she answered the phone. It was only 8AM!!

"Good morning slut. Are you up?"

"Huh? No, I'm still sleeping..." The semi conscious brunette started to put the
phone down when she heard the shouting.

"Well you'd better get your ass up! I don't like to wait! You have one hour to
get ready and meet me at the theater lot and don't forget what I told you."

    She heard a click and then silence. Nikki threw the phone across the room
angrily. It wasn't a bad dream. "AAHHHHHH!!!" She got up quickly and stripped 
off her t-shirt and panties and pulled on her robe and slippers. Still semi
conscious  she grabbed her shampoo, shaving cream and razor and then headed for
the bathroom  down the hall from her room. Unfortunately, the private rooms only
had toilets,  but no showers. She saw Gary in the hall, another student on her
floor, and smiled  as she passed him. He had always been nice to her, always
going out of his way  to help her with things. He was the first student she had
met at the college. She thought he was going to ask her out several times, but
he was quite shy and never did. She was glad he didn't, he wasn't her type, just
a little too much of a geek. Actually, she didn't want to have  a boyfriend at
college, she knew she wasn't smart enough to juggle between a relationship and
studies. She had decided that the easiest thing would be for her to date
occasionally  and then if things got serious end it. "Don't have to worry about
that anymore,"  she laughed bitterly.

     Nikki pushed open the door of the bathroom and walked in..."Thank god, it's
empty." She walked into the shower stall and placed all her supplies on the
metal  shelf. She stepped back and turned on the water, waiting for the it to
get warm and then took off her robe and threw it over the curtain rod. She
pulled the curtain closed and then got under the stream of water. For a brief
moment she forgot about what the day had in store for her and just luxuriated in
the lukewarm spray. It didn't take long for her mind to begin to shift and
recall the events of the day before. Getting caught was bad enough, but then to
have Stephanie be the one to catch her was awful. Then almost getting raped by
the guy at the store, just so she could buy some clothes that she didn't want to
begin with. As if that wasn't bad enough, she couldn't believe that Stephanie
made her give that guy a handjob right in the theater. That was so humiliating.
And then to have to masturbate in front of them... in the middle of the movie
while he openly fondled her breasts. She could scarcely believe that all of
these things were happening. She thought she would die of embarrassment when
Stephanie took all of clothes, having to drive back naked! Thank god she had a
blanket in the trunk and all she had to worry about was the odd looks she got
from the other students. Far better than walking into the dorm stark naked. She
wondered how long it would be before people found out what was going on. She had
to figure a way out of this mess. Suddenly she thought about the time and
realized she was going to be late.

"Shit! What the hell have I gotten into!" She shampooed her hair quickly and
then  started to spray the shaving cream on her legs and then on her pubic area.

"I can't believe I have to do this!" She sobbed.

Nikki finished shaving her legs with practiced ease. Then she cautiously dragged 
the razor across her pubic hair, watching grimly as the shower water washed it
away. She sat on the cold tiles in frustration and spread apart her legs 
putting her feet up against the wall. Using her fingers to protect her lips she
made  another pass with the razor and more hair washed away. In just seconds
only  tiny patches remained on each side. "Fuck!" She muttered under her breath. 
She shaved the remaining hair and it too washed away leaving her pussy
completely bare.  There was nothing left to hide it. It was plain as day; pink
and plump and open for anyone to  see.    "Oh my god!!" She gasped. That fat
bitch! I look like a total slut!" She shut off the water,  pulled on her robe
and then shook out her hair. She grabbed her toiletries quickly and then left
the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Back in her room again she threw all
of her things onto the bed and tossed off her robe. She started  rummaging the
closet, "What to wear? I'd better find something good or that  bitch might make
me walk around naked all day. Fucking bitch!" She reached down absently and
scratched her newly bald pussy; it felt so strange not to feel the tangle of
hair that moments ago covered her sex. Nikki found a skirt that she hadn't worn
in a very long time and slipped it over her thighs. She looked at herself in the
closet mirror and cringed. It barely covered her thighs and when she turned even
a little anyone could see her butt or her freshly shaved pussy. She collapsed to
the carpeted floor and sobbed. How was she going to get out of this mess? She
sat there crying quietly for a few minutes and then gasped when she saw the
time. Defeated, not enough time to find anything else and a little better than
being naked she wore the skirt. She looked for a top to match the light blue
skirt and found a white top with short sleeves that covered her to mid stomach.
She pulled it on over her wet hair and pulled on the same ugly stilettos. She
grabbed her keys and left the room. She started to run down the hall and felt a
draft around her bare bottom. She stopped running and walked rapidly instead,
she would have to be very careful walking in this outfit. Suddenly she felt very
conscious of the fact that she was naked under her clothes, she felt her sex
begin to tingle and her hands grew sweaty. "What the hell???"

  The day was hot, which was normal around this time of year, but as she got in
her car she screamed when her naked thighs pressed against the hot vinyl. She
immediately jumped out and opened all the car doors and turned the air
conditioner to full blast. Again she looked at the time. Stephanie was going to
kill her... she was going to be late. Just what would that fat bitch make her do
for being late?? Several minutes later she got back in the car and though it was
still bad, she took off for the theater. Just as she expected, she was about ten
minutes late. There was only one car in the lot, she knew Stephanie didn't have
a car of her own, but thought it might be Steve's "Shit!" She pulled up next to
the car. Stephanie looked over at her angrily from the driver's seat. Steve was
sitting in the back smiling. Nikki got out of the car and walked up to the door.

"You're late."

"I know, I'm sorry . . . "

"No excuses," she said. "Nice outfit. Did you do what I told you to do?"

"Yes."

"Let me see. Pull up your skirt."

"What? Here?" She asked disbelievingly.

Stephanie smiled. "I wanna see your pussy and I think Steve does too. Don't you
Steve?"

"Fuck yea"

"C'mon slut! We don t have all day, or do you want more people to see you
flashing your pussy?"

Nikki clenched her teeth as she stood there in the parking lot. She nervously
looked around for any passing cars and pedestrians and then pulled up her skirt,
exposing herself. Steve immediately rolled down the back window to get a better
look.

"Ooooh that's very nice. And make sure it stays like that from now on. Shave it
every day, UNDERSTAND!"

"YYyeeees," she said, lowering her skirt thinking she was finished. She was
wrong.

"Keep it up until I tell you to let it down." Seething, Nikki lifted up her
skirt again  and stood there while Stephanie and Steve gawked at her. "Come
closer."  Nikki inched forward. Without a word of warning Stephanie reached out
and touched her vaginal lips with her thumb. Nikki flinched at the alien touch
and quickly stepped back dropping her skirt.

"Don t."

"Don t what?"

"Please don t touch me." She was repulsed at the sight of the fat girl.

Stephanie laughed. "Oh don't worry, you're going to get used to it. Trust me. Go
ahead. Get in the car." Nikki quickly walked around to the passenger side and 
opened the front door. "Not up here you dumb cunt, in the back with Steve. And
take off the shoes, they're ugly." Nikki gratefully took off the stilettos; they 
were starting to hurt. "And now the skirt, I want to look at the new you for a
while. I want to see that porn pussy"

"Stephanie, please I'll do what you want. Please let me keep the skirt on.

"That's it," she said angrily. "You don't get it do you? I said take the skirt
off!!! And the top!!! Now!!!" Nikki looked at her in shock. "Now!!!" She
screamed again! Reluctantly, the shocked college student stripped off her skirt
and top and threw them in the front seat. Stephanie grinned from ear to ear when
she saw her attempt to cover herself with her arms. Steve hadn't said anything
up until now, but he looked right at her as he very deliberately lowered the
zipper of his pants and pulled out his rigid penis. Nikki looked out of the
window, pretending not to see it. But she could see it... in her peripheral
vision. It was already very hard and he started to stroke it.

"Have you ever sucked dick Nikki?" She looked at him aghast. He laughed.

"Don't even try to pretend that you don't know what he's talking about. Have you
or not? "

"N... no." She lied. She didn't want them to know what happened in the store. In
fact she had only done this twice before in her life and it was nothing that she
ever enjoyed. "I would never."

"Good, time for slut lesson number one. Lie down on the seat and put your head
in his lap."

"No way, I won't." Nikki crossed her arms over her chest. Stephanie chuckled
then and lowered her window. She grabbed hold of Nikki's top and put her arm
outside dangling it in the air.

"It's a long way home Nikki. Do you want to get arrested for indecent exposure
too?" Nikki's lower lips started to tremble, like she was about to cry. "Don't
bother crying you're just wasting your time, just get over there and start
suckin." Nikki took a deep breath, and then she looked over at Steve who seemed
to have a permanent smile etched in his face. She leaned over and got down on
the seat, feeling her nipples get hard when they pressed against the cool
leather. She propped herself up on her elbows and folded her legs so that they
were up in the air with her feet touching the passengers' window. She wiped a
tear from her face and then brought her tongue down to his huge cock.

"Just lick it for a while," Steve grinned.

"Yea... lick it like its ice cream." Stephanie laughed. "Oh and we have lots of
time so don't rush it, it'll be a while before we get to the beach. By the time
we get there you should be a pro." Stephanie laughed at that and threw the top 
back in the seat. She laughed even more as she watched the naked college student
start to lick up and down the length of his cock. Stephanie started the car and 
drove out of the parking lot as the hot girl busily licked the high school
students' dick.  Every once in a while Stephanie would give her some direction
as she watched in the rear view mirror. "Kiss it Nikki... Kiss it like it's your
lover...  Now, suck it... Suck the head... Wrap that slut tongue around the head
and make circles with it... Make some noise with your mouth... I want to hear
you sucking, when I'm not watching... And don't forget his balls... Guys like to
have there balls licked and sucked... Never forget them... Suck them one by
one... Wash them with your slutty mouth... Are you sure you've never done that
before Nikki... cause I'd swear you had some practice."

An occasional tear would stream down her face when Stephanie would call her
names and humiliate her but she continued with her mouth fastened to the dick,
licking, kissing and sucking it. Stephanie just drove on as if this sort of
thing happened all the time.

"Hey Nikki," Said Steve. She opened her pretty green eyes for the first time in
a long time. Stephanie was impressed in how focused the nude girl was in her
task. Steve had cum twice so far, both times in the gasping college student's
mouth. Her initial response was to spit the grotesque fluid out of her mouth but
she was quickly warned that was not acceptable. Steve patted the gorgeous girl
on her head and she looked up at him while her tongue flickered over his piss
slit. Her mouth had an awful chalky taste and was still coated with sperm. 
"Wave to the bus driver." Steve waved as Nikki turned around, her hand and mouth
still on Steve's cock. She looked up in horror as a middle aged bus driver
looking down into their car gave them the thumbs up. Stephanie was laughing
hysterically. Nikki dropped her head down in shame as Steve waived goodbye. A
short while later they pulled off the highway. Nikki sat up looking to see where
they were, her hand clutching Steve's erection. They were only off the highway
for a few minutes before they pulled into a residential area. Stephanie pulled
into someone's driveway and turned off the engine.

"Get dressed slut, this is it."

Nikki gratefully pulled on her skirt and top and grabbed her shoes as Steve
tucked his cock back in his pants. She never thought that she would be so
grateful to wear the ultra short skirt. "You can leave the shoes." Nikki frowned
and tossed them back in the car. She never liked the idea of being without
shoes, her feet were tender and it made her feel even sluttier somehow. It
reminded her of those really trashy neighborhoods with trailers where the kids
ran around in cheap clothes and no shoes. Steve rang the bell as Nikki and
Stephanie climbed the steps. She saw the door open and heard loud music coming
from inside.

"Hey Steve...Steph... what's up?" yelled a big guy from the door. He leaned
around to see the girl behind them, looking her up and down "And who's this?" 

"This is Nikki." said Stephanie, putting her hands on her shoulders like they
were old friends. "Nikki say hi to Ted" A big burly guy in a pair of wet swim
trunks stood at the door.

"Hi Ted," Nikki smiled. She was painfully aware of her skirt now, barely
covering her privates. Suddenly a guy came up around Ted's shoulder. He had a
video camera on his shoulder.

"Say hi guys... " said the camera guy

"Hi Jay." They said in unison.

"What's with the camera?" asked Stephanie.

"Well this will be my last party before I move so I thought I'd make a video
tape of everybody and get some of the highlights."

"Good idea." Nikki noticed Stephanie mouth water when she sad that. God... she
was so gross.

"C'mon in," smiled Ted. Nikki noticed his eyes traveling all over her. She
blushed and looked away. Steve walked in first with Nikki following closely
behind trying to get as much cover from them as she could; Jay was following
from behind with that damned camera. Nikki watched Stephanie disappear with Jay
as Ted led them through the house out onto a wood deck in the back. There were
at least 20 people in and around the in-ground pool. Mostly guys, but some girls
as well. Most were in swim wear, a few were fully clothed. "You guys go ahead
get comfortable, I'll get you some drinks."

"I already have them." Stephanie smiled, walking up with two tall glasses. She
handed one of the glasses to Nikki.

"What is it?"

"Drink it... you'll love it. I made it for you." Stephanie had a stern look on
her face and Nikki thought it would be best to do as she said. She grabbed the
glass and lifted it to her mouth; it didn't smell very strong. She took a sip
and decided it tasted pretty good taking a good sized gulp. "That's a girl."
Laughed Stephanie.

"Why don't you guys get changed and jump in, the water's perfect."

"That's..." Stephanie started. Nikki quickly cut her off.

"I didn't bring a suit," she said with a nervous laugh.

Stephanie shot her a venomous glance. "Ted, you don't mind if Nikki doesn't wear
a suit do you? She doesn't care, she's not shy, and really likes to show off . .
."  Once again the fat girls arms were up on her shoulders. Jay came up closer
with the camera.

"Oh yeah, sure my parents are away. Go ahead Nikki, that's fine." Ted smiled.

"Go ahead Nikki . . ." smiled Stephanie coldly. "And wipe off your mouth Nikki,
you have something white on it!"

Nikki was sure that her whole body was turning bright red. What choice did she
have? That damn camera! Now she was going to be in some home movie. Nikki looked
at Stephanie, pleading with her eyes, wanting to beg her not to make her strip
here in front of everyone. Stephanie just glared back and silently mouthed the
words

"Do it!"

She closed her eyes momentarily as she took hold of the shirt and pulled it up
over her head. Suddenly, time stopped. It was as if every pair of eyes was on
her, watching her greedily. She saw Ted with his mouth hanging open. The camera
was panning up and down her body. Who turned off the music? Her big creamy
breasts were heaving as she dropped her top on the tiled ground. She noticed
that her nipples were fully erect as she slipped her skirt down her thighs. She
was sure that she heard gasps from somewhere. She noticed the camera stop at her
sex, fully exposed now that the hair was gone. She dropped the skirt, ran to the
pool and dove in. She wanted to drown. She stayed under water for as long as she
could and then she came up for air. She looked up and saw Stephanie with her
clothes tucked under her arm.

"I'll take care of your things Nikki and if you're good you'll get them back"
She smiled and then disappeared into the house with Ted and Steve.  Jay still
had the camera on her for a little while longer and then walked into the house
as well.

"Fuck," she muttered under her breath. She dove back under the water and swam
away from several guys who were making their way toward her. Nikki just wanted
to die and be left alone. What had she gotten into? Why did she ever steal that
money? How long was this fat bitch going to humiliate her like this? What else
would this fat bitch make her do? The thoughts whirled through her head and she
cried in shame.




CH5

Nikki came up out of the pool sputtering water and whipping her hair  back and
forth like a wet cat. Blurry images advanced on her as her  vision slowly
returned.

There was cheering when the naked girl had come upout of the water. With a  gasp
she realized that these were... boys...teens... heading towards her in the pool. 
She looked around for a way out,but there was nowhere to hide. She was like a 
lone sheep surrounded by young horny wolves.

Her eyes darted about, some of the guys outside of the pool migrated to  the
side where she was now wading fearfully. And then lots of guffawing  and cat
calls but no one said anything to her directly. She noticed some  girls went
into the house after looking at her in disgust. A strange feeling  was starting
to wash over her... her vision started to double and she felt a  slight head
rush and then her body flush.

Nikki had never felt this way before! What was happening to her? She  remembered
the drink that Stephanie gave her. What was in it? Was she drugged?  Her mind
swirled round and round but then she lost focus as the first guy to introduce
himself swam up to her, she backed up  instinctively. Her mind returning to the
present situation.

"Nice suit!"---- Nikki giggled awkwardly and just smiled. Her head was so 
heavy... it felt like she was wearing a helmet.

Another guy came up. Then another... the images started to blur a little and 
she wiped her eyes again, but they didn't clear. She felt a hand on her on  her
very bare thigh, making it's way up to her fully exposed and shaved pussy.  "Wow
you have a great body." Said the guy with spikey blonde hair.

"Hell yea!" Said a voice behind or was it above her.

Someone dove under water and then others went under. She felt fingers touch  her
sex roughly and tried to wriggle away but she was already backed into a  corner.
A finger slid inside her abruptly. She thought that it would hurt,  but it
felt... nice... like when she was excited. The fingers were gone and  then
others replaced them. Hands were on her breasts. She looked down as if  seeing
someone else's body. Her mind and her body were in conflict. She  thought she
should say something about them touching her like this but her  mouth ignored
her.

"Are these real?"

Nikki started to chuckle... "y....es"

Abruptly she felt a pair of hands under her arms pulling her up. She  started to
feel really dizzy and it was hard for her to keep her  equilibrium. Her legs
felt like they were made of rubber.

"Hey!!"

"Awwww.. where are you taking her." Asked someone.

The confused college girl was pulled out of the pool. Nikki looked  like a water
sprite... completely naked and glistening wet. They sat her  briefly on the
tiles. She heard a familiar voice. She turned to look and saw  Stephanie and
Steve smiling down at her.

"It looks like you've made a few new friends." Stephanie patted her on the  head
like a pet.

"Yyyeeesss," Nikki giggled again. "Are we leaving? I'm a little... umm...dr..."
She  laughed shyly and blushed. Her Nipples were hard like tiny pebbles,
sticking out  obscenely from her big breasts.

"Horny?" Stephanie finished for her.

"N..oo...!

"Y--eee--ssss!" Hissed the fat teen.

Nikki looked around... there were so many faces staring at  her... she tried to
get to her feet but could barely stand.

"Cmon... you're don't look so well... maybe you should lie down..." Nikki  just
nodded dumbly, not even knowing what she was saying or doing.

They half dragged/half carried the the dripping college student into the  house,
her naked body on display. her legs spread apart showing her tiny hole.  Inside
groups of teens milled around drinking and talking. They watched in  shock as
the older girl was brought inside wet and stark naked. Nikki could  hear
comments and laughing, but everything was starting to sound so far away she 
couldn't understand. Several of the guys from the pool and some others  followed
the scene up the stairs into one of the bedrooms. They pulled her  up to the bed
and let her drop back, everyone laughing as she fell, her  breasts bouncing
wildly. She stretched her legs out lewdly, completely devoid of  self
consciousness. Her hands carressed the clammy skin of her breasts, her  nipples
puckered like long cigar butts. Without opening her eyes her  hands began their
journey down past the creamy expanse of her stomach. Someone  whistled, breaking
the silence as they watched the naked girls hands search  for her treasure.
Mouths opened in shock as the writhing college girl spread open  her lips and
teased her awakening clit.

"Nikki I can't believe your going to masturbate in front of everyone again."
Stephanie laughed.  The aroused girl only responded with a moan.

"She's done this before??" Asked someone incredulously.

"Every weekend." Stephanie laughed merrily. "Nikki loves to show off!"

"No fuckin way!

"God, she's so hot."

Several of the guys were laughing, and stroking the bulges in their pants. 
"Look at her go!"

"She just loves sex. Can't get enough." Stephanie was loving every second.  Then
everything went blank for nikki. It was as if her mind shut down and her body
took over.  Steve walked up to the bed, as the rest of them stared wide eyed. "I
think  she may need some help." He peeled off his swim trunks and crawled onto
the  bed, his cock waving back and forth like a snake. Stephanie waved Jay into 
the room along with his camera while Steve positioned himself over her. His 
cock was fully hard twitching angrily with each move. A group was starting  to
form in the doorway. Jay moved to a better vantage point, his own  erection
starting to grow uncomfortable in his shorts.

Nikki's right hand was twirling her nipple while her other hand worked  around
her clit in quick circles. She never even opened her eyes while Steve  loomed
over her. His cock poised impatiently to strike. He reached down  while the
oblivious girl continued frigging herself. He moved his cock up  and down on her
bald slit, feeling the moist velvety skin envelope the head.  With a sigh he
pushed forward and her puffy lips opened in welcome. She  sucked in air as the
mushrooming head of his cock drove forward into her. It  felt as though everyone
in the room breathed in at the same moment as  Steve's cock skewered the girls
pussy. Her legs instinctively wrapped around  his bare back using her legs to
pull him in while he ground his cock further into her.  Stephanie licked her
lips greedily while she watched her friend impale the  "drunk" college student.

He began to thrust in earnest, his thighs slapping loudly against hers.  Moans
of pleasure emitted from her mouth each time he hit bottom.  The lusting teens
watched mezmorized as the greasy tube pistoned in and out  of the mewling girl.
Steve pounded her shaven hole furiously with quick deep  jabs. He drove Nikki's
body deeper and deeper into the bed. Stephanie smiled  in smug satisafaction as
the virginal college girl was being transformed  into a slut before her eyes.
Her head was hanging back and her mouth was  slack, a string of drool leaking
out of the corner of her mouth. The others  watched from the doorway as Tim was
pouring them fresh drinks. The  atmosphere in the room was quickly turning into
a lust driven frenzy.  Nikki was moaning continuously as Steve hammered his
pummeling cock into  her. She gasped when he gyrated his hips and then shivered
as her first  orgasm began. Stephanie almost broke into hysterical laughter when
the  college student reached down and pulled her legs back toward her head. She 
was acting like a common whore, opening her pussy and ass invitingly. Steve 
rammed his cock into her hard and the college girl cried out thrashing her  head
back and forth.

"Oh god!" she cried. Steve grunted out his reply.

"Oh god... I'm cumming...oh god!!" Nikki moaned loudly. Stephanie beamed,  this
was going much better than she expected. One of the bolder teens  beside her
moved closer to the couple on the bed. He pulled down his swim  trunks and
fisted his proud member, waiting patiently for his turn. Steve  groaned and went
rigid. He lay there almost completely still for a moment  as cum rapidily filled
her squelching pussy. With a grunt and an audible  plop he pulled his cock out
of the sex crazed girl. She opened her eyes  briefly. With her legs still pulled
back, she was positioned in such a way that her  pussy and ass were in plain
view, a string of cum lining her right butt cheek.   Stepanie nodded in approval
when she heard the college girl sigh in appreciation  as her pussy was filled
again with another cock.

"MORE! MORE!" nikki begged. "I need more!"

"Beg little slut!" she heard Stephanie saying. "Beg them to fuck you!"

"Yes, fuck me! Everyone fuck me! I need you to fuck me!" She moaned as   yet
another cock skewered her. Her body was going out of control. She started to
orgasm. as they pounded her. Each of the boys took a turn, she just spread her
legs wide and begged them to use her. In her mind she knew what was happening,
yet she didn't know why she was letting it happen.




CH6 After Party

Nikki awoke hours later... the stench of sex still heavy in the air. A
heavy arm encircled her nude upper body, a light sheet covered her from her
bruised thighs down. She tried to focus her eyes, but the room was in utter
darkness except for the lamplight showing faintly through the curtain.
She had no idea how long she had been sleeping, but her body ached
and her head was pounding. She moved slightly to see if the mass spooned up
behind her would stir. She felt and realized disgustedly that whoever it was
was obviously quite overweight.

She tried to remember what had happened. She couldn't tell where she was or
how she had gotten here. The last thing she remembered was the scene at the pool.
Totally naked in front of all those guys swimming around her and touching her.
Feeling her breasts and vagina, sticking fingers in her and being obscene with
her before everyone else.

She moved her free arm slowly and tenderly touched her swollen vaginal lips.
Her fingers touched a sticky residue. She brought her fingers to her nose
and wrinkled it in disgust. It was semen possibly mixed with her
own vaginal secretions. She heard a snort and then squeezed her eyes tight.
Oh god please don't let him wake up. She waited completely still for a few
minutes and then convinced that whoever they were was still sleeping she
slipped her legs out from under the sheet and slid out under the arm.
Without turning to see who it was she tiptoed cautiously toward the bathroom
looking for her discarded clothes along the way.

Half way to the bathroom she fled to the door and quickly locked it behind her
waiting breathlessly to see if anyone had woken. There was nothing... not a
sound. She stopped at the mirror and almost jumped out of her skin when she saw the
wild looking woman staring back at her. Indeed she didn't look like herself.
Her mass of hair was everywhere! Some was plastered to her head from dry
sweat and other parts sticking out like it had been spiked. Her skin was red
and blotchy. She looked down at her breasts... her nipples in particular
were very tender and extended. She reached down between her legs and winced
when her fingers touched her vaginal lips. Her labia was swollen,thick and sore!
They were an angry red and so sensitive to her touch. Her clit was also swollen
and sore! It looked like a little dick sticking out from it's hooded enclosure.
Gently she slid a finger inside herself and felt copious amounts of white fluid
seep out onto her hand, she wretched and fell to her knees suddenly taken by nausea,
realizing it was male sperm.

She crawled to the toilet and wearily lifted the imitation oak seat up as
she vomited the contents of her stomach into the bowl. She coughed and wretched
more. After the third onset she lay on the cool tiled floor curled in a fetal position
quietly crying as her mind began sorting the events, remembering bits and pieces
of the night before. She struggled to her knees and crawled to the shower,
turning on the water. She forced herself to her feet and slipped inside
the tepid shower water as if she could scrub away the shame of her actions
the previous night.


It was a long time before the humiliated college girl emerged from the
shower. She pulled a fresh towel off of the rack and gently dryed herself
off. Her body was still achey but the shower helped. At least she didn't
have any more cum leaking out of her sex hole. She wrapped the towel around
her body, covering her breasts and looked for a second towel for her hair.
There was only one other towel in the bathroom, but she used it.
Then she cautiously opened the door, realizing abruptly the light was on in
the room. She peaked around the door and gasped in horror. There leaning
against the headboard naked and smiling at her in obese satisfaction while her
fingers idly twirled her pubic hair was Stephanie.

Nikki dropped to her knees and began to sob when the realization hit her.
"OH God, what did i do? I didn't... not with her! Not that ugly fat bitch!"
The naked body that was behind her...that had been sleeping with her...
"Oh God, she is so digsusting!" Nikki almost vomitted again at the sight of her
and the thoughts that ran through her mind.

Stephanie laughed and then stood up in all her fat naked glory. She padded
contentedly to the weeping college student and patted her on the head, as she
stood over her.

"A lot of firsts for you today huh? I told you that we'd get to know each other
a lot better. God, you are so nasty. You were quite the slutty whore last
night."

Stephanie laughed again while the naked college student began to sob in earnest,
tears running down her cheeks and her mind trying to remember.

"Oh shut up! This ain't nothing. You'll be doing a lot more than just a couple
of guys and licking pussy before we've settled up your debt. I'm going to
go take a bath... do you want to join me. I do love to have my pussy licked
while I'm in the tub." Nikki didn't respond. "Oh well... maybe later."

Stephanie was humming cheerfully as she shut the door. "I can't wait till
Jay gets me a copy of that tape he made." But Nikki didn't hear that part.

Nikki was still lying curled in a ball, asleep on the floor when the fat
teen came out of the bathroom. Her pale clammy skin was pink from the hot
water of the bath.  She stood looming over the unconscious college girl,
water dripping off of the rolls of her fat. She nudged Nikki with her bare
foot.

"Time to wake up Nikki."

Nikki stirred a little and then just turned over.  The towel did nothing
to cover the naked collegiate. Stephanie smiled again as her eyes drooled
over the sluts big tanned globes with their hard nipples. She thought wistfully
about the night before when she had sucked and chewed on them and how the
sleeping slut seemed to love it. Her mouth was watering when she abruptly
snatched the towel off of the college beauty and then just as quickly flicked
it at her bare right tit cruelly whipping her sharply. Nikki gasped and shot
up wide eyed.

"I said wake up." Stephanie chuckled and then headed for the bathroom with the
towel while the naked girl resumed her crying.

When Stephanie emerged from the bathroom, her short hair was dry and styled.
Nikki was sleeping again.  The night before and the shock of what had
happened had really taken it's toll on the young college girl. Stephanie
stepped over the sleeping nude and gathered up her clothes, finally covering
her own dimpled pasty white skin.  She left Nikki lying on the floor naked in
search
of Steve. When they returned the two spent a few minutes looking down at the
the prostrate slut while she slept dreamily.

"She's a pretty thing ain't she" Stephanie looked over to her geeky friend.
Steve just nodded lustfully "I know what you're thinking... don't worry...
you'll get a lot more  of that pussy. I just want to give her a little
break after our little party. "

"Damn, was hoping I'd get another fuck. She was really wild.  What did you
give her anyway?"

"X and a margarita filled with everclear."

"Man, no wonder she got so fucked up."

"Let's head back.  I want to check out her place and see what I can pawn.
The bitch owes me some money for helping her out of her jam."

"How much does she owe you?

"Well, she stole three grand, but since I already replaced the money she's
going to have to pay me double for keeping her out of trouble, plus the
interest.  All in all I'm going to hit her for ten grand.

"No shit? Does she have it?"

"Hell no. I don't think she's got anything... but, I'm gonna let her work it
off. Stephanie started laughing.  Steve just stared. "We better head back."

Steve gathered the sleeping girl in his arms and then slung her over his
shoulder like a sack of potatoes.  Nikki barely opened her eyes and then
lost consciousness again.  She didn't even notice that the two didn't bother
to cover her as she was carried out to the car in broad daylight, and thrown
into the back seat.  And, they still didn't cover her naked body when they
returned to Nikki's dorm.  Fortunately, Nikki was unconscious and didn't see
the looks of surprise and amusement from the few students that were awake
this early in the morning as Steve carried her limp nude body to her room. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nicole


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





