BDSM Library - The Phone Call at the Park




The Phone Call at the Park
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda's master calls while she's out early in the morning at the park.
The Phone Call in the Park

By: Michael Alexander

m_alexander911@hotmail.com





	Amanda breathed in the cool morning air and smiled at the lush green
colors of spring.  The grass was rich and vibrant, boasting of renewed growth. 
She paused a moment as Manx pulled hard upon the leash, sniffing and rooting in
the nearby bushes.  Amanda let him have the lead and he pulled her off the
sidewalk across the verdant meadow toward the children's playground.  It was
still early in the morning, and Amanda enjoyed the park this way.  To early for
school groups, yet too late for the normal bus riders who congregated on the
monkey bars.  The park was deserted.

	

	*RING*



	The sound startled Amanda for a moment, but she quickly removed the cell
phone clipped to the  waistband of her red running shorts.  She flipped it open
and brought it up to her ear.

	"Hello?" she asked, sending her voice into the electronic receiver.

	"Hello, Amanda." A cool voice said, soft and masculine.

	"Master?"  Amanda's eyes widened.  She heard the familiar chuckle.

	"Of course.  Who else would be calling you?"

	Amanda laughed lightly.  "No one, Master.  I'm sorry I didn't recognize
your voice right off."

	"It's okay, little one.  Where are you?"

	Amanda looked around the park.  "I'm at the park, Master.  I'm walking
Manx.  We're pretty close to the playground right now."  She said.

	"Really?  Is there anyone around?"  asked the Master.

	Amanda paused before answering.  There was no one, just her and Manx,
and she knew what would happen if she told the Master.  She felt a sudden
tingling wetness and then a forceful surge in her sex and she smiled.  "No one
is around, Master.  Just me and Manx."

	"Excellent, slave.  Are there parallel bars in the playground?" he asked
her.

	"Parallel bars, Master?" Amanda didn't understand what parallel bars
were.

	"Yes, Amanda.  Two metal bars at about hip height approximately a foot
and a half apart.  You are supposed to support your weight on your hands and
walk yourself along them."  The Master said, his voice lighthearted.

	Amanda glanced at the playground equipment and saw the bars he
described.  "Oh yes, Master.  I see them now."

	"Go over to them, little one."

	Amanda walked over to the bars, Manx fighting against her desires.

	"No Manx.  Over by the bars.  Good boy!" she said.  Then she heard
laughing on the cell phone.

	"Manx not following his mistress this morning?" The Master asked.

	Amanda laughed.  "He just wants to nose about.  He'll behave.  I
promise."

	"Just like his mistress." The Master said.

	Amanda's voice sounded demure as she replied.  "Yes Master."

	Manx and Amanda approached the parallel bars and Amanda could see that
they were formed with long steel pipes stretched between two wooden posts.  Manx
sniffed around and under them as Amanda reached out to touch one.  It was cold.

	"I'm at them now, Master." She said.

	"Good, now stand directly next to one and tell me if the bars are higher
or lower than your sex."

	Amanda bent over a little and examined the bars in relation to her own
red clad crotch.  "They're a little higher, Master.  But not much."

	"Very good, Amanda."  She could tell he was pleased.  "Now, what are you
wearing?"

	Amanda had been taught the pattern and she immediately began at her
feet.  "I'm wearing my running shoes, Master.  Along with a pair of white gym
socks.  I have on my red shorts and a sports bra underneath a white tee shirt
sir."  She said quickly.

	"A sports bra?" asked the Master, and Amanda could sense his
displeasure.

	"Yes Master, please forgive me, but when Manx runs it really hurts my
breasts."

	There was a pause and then the Master laughed.  "I suppose if anyone is
to hurt and abuse your breasts it should be me.  Very well then.  I will allow
you to wear the sports bra when you walk Manx."

	Amanda breathed a sigh of relief.

	"However, you didn't ask for permission first, which I would have
granted you.  So you will be punished for that infraction.  Do you understand?"
He asked her.

	Amanda gulped.  She knew this was coming.  He was always finding some
minor thing that was an infraction that required her obedience and punishment. 
Her hands shook slightly and even Manx looked at her with a questioning
expression.  She was scared, and yet her body demanded its needs satisfied now
they were aroused.

	"Do you understand?" The Master repeated.

	"Yes Master.  I will accept your punishment." Amanda said slowly.

	"I know you will, Amanda.  I want you to start by removing your shoes
and socks." He told her.

	"Yes, Master." Replied Amanda.  She looked down and stepped on the heel
of one shoe, pushing it off over her ankle.  Her other shoe was not as easily
removed, but she accomplished it.  She lifted her foot and yanked off her sock,
stuffing it inside her cast off footwear.  The other sock followed quickly.

	"I'm barefoot now, Master." She said when she was finished.

	"Good.  Now I want you to pull down your shorts and remove one leg from
them.  Keep them around one ankle.  That way if anyone comes you can quickly get
them on again before you are closely observed."

	Amanda gulped and began pushing her shorts down.  The leash made things
difficult and she quickly tied it to one of the parallel bars beside her.  Manx
sat down and watched as Amanda pushed her red shorts downward, exposing a soft
flowered wet spot in the cleft of her legs.  As the shorts flowed over her
thighs it fell loosely and puddled around her ankles.  She stepped out of one
side and glanced around fearfully.  Another surge of wetness made her shudder
and she realized that the threat of exposure had her excited beyond measure.

	"It's done, Master." She said, her voice trembling from a combination of
fright and desire.

	"Excellent, little one.  Now I want you to lift your leg over one of the
parallel bars and straddle it."

	Amanda looked at the bar and threw her leg over it.  The skin of her
calf touched it and she recoiled slightly from its cold surface.  She again felt
it's icy touch on the inside of her thighs and she stood high upon the tips of
her toes to ensure that it wouldn't touch her dripping sex.

	"I'm straddling it, Master, but I have to stand on my tippy toes to keep
it from touching my sex, sir.  The bar is freezing." she said, her toes digging
into the soft sand of the playground.

	"But that is what I want, little one.  This is your punishment.  You
will stand there until I tell you to get off, or unless someone comes to the
playground.  I am fully aware your cute little calves will ache.  And I'm fully
aware that eventually, you will let your self down, resting your full weight on
your soft, wet, aching little sex.  The cold will sear into your body and you
will find the strength to stand again.  And you will stand, not as long, not as
steady, until you drop down once more."

	Amanda was speechless.  Already she could feel a slight burning
sensation in each calf and her body quivered at the Master's cold heartless
punishment.  Her throat tightened and she tried to swallow, to even say
something, but nothing happened and she became aware of only the beating of her
heart and the increasing tingling in her legs.

	Her breathing became faster as her mind realized her body was incapable
of holding off.  The muscles of her calves burned with the effort to remain on
her toes until finally her body overrode her mind, and relaxed the straining
muscles.

	Her sex was already soaked and a thin glistening film coated its puffed
petals.  As her body lowered itself, each fold of her sex parted, sliding along
the cold steel as the bar fit it's way upward, crushing her clit against the
base of her pelvis.  She cried out and used her free hand to push against the
bar biting into her, but she heard the voice at her ear order her to stop and
put her hand behind her head.

	She followed the command as her legs once again obeyed her commands and
lifted her from the bar.  Her sex ached, bruised and cold from the intense
pressure and temperature inflicted upon her delicate flesh.  But as she raised
up she felt a sudden burst of heat as well, and a feeling of pleasure washed
over her body.  Her mind wavered on her body's desire and then suddenly her legs
gave out again, dropping her downward onto the steel bar.

	She groaned, loudly and forcefully as she found herself sliding herself
up and down the bar.  Her weight centered itself on her tender sex, driving it
down forcefully upon the bar.  She rocked forward, catching her clit and
dragging it under the crushing weight of her body.   And then her legs worked
again and she lifted herself off.

	Her voice cracked as she moaned into the phone.   "E-e-everything
h-h-hurts-s-s." She stammered.

	"And you love it, don't you.  You don't want it to stop." The Master
said.

	"N-n-no.  N-n-never." She gasped and her legs failed again.

	"We won't stop it yet, little one." He said as she ground herself
downward and then lifted herself off.  Tears coursed down her face.

	"Now listen to me, Amanda, as you are tortured.  Your body is like a
piece of iron.  I will shape it to my own will.  I will temper you as the
blacksmith does to raw iron.  I will make you perfect."

	Amanda groaned again, shaking as she dropped back down upon the bar. 
Pain lanced upward from her groin and changed into the spiraling heat of ecstasy
as she rubbed herself back and forth. Her body quivered and she began radically
bouncing up and down as her legs alternately regained their strength and lifted
her abused and sore sex from the pole; and then failed, dropping her back down.

	The Master listened to her, hearing her cries of relief and pain, of
desire and fear and then the ragged breaths of a body pushed to its limits.

	"Get off the bar now." He said firmly.

	There was no answer.  Amanda was to involved with the pain coursing
through her and the warmth it left behind.

	"GET OFF THE BAR!" He shouted.

	Amanda flinched and pulled herself off.  She collapsed in the sand, her
legs unable to support her weight.  Her body shook with racking sobs as she felt
the pain dissipate into an intense heat, then comfortable warmth.  After a few
minutes she raised her head and saw the phone lying in the sand.

	"M-master?" she said, as she picked it up.

	"Are you okay, Amanda?" he asked hurriedly.

	Amanda looked down at herself.  She had totally lost her shorts while on
the bar and they lay in the damp sand next to her.  Her limbs still trembled and
she felt as if something large and terrible had been used upon her.  But a deep
need still resided inside her.

	"I g-guess so.  I feel like someone shoved a baseball bat into me." She
said, lightly laughing.

	The sigh of relief on the other side of the phone was audible.  "I can
imagine.  You will be sore for the rest of the day.  I recommend you take it
easy, little one." He said.

	Amanda's eyes narrowed.  "You mean that's all, Master?  The punishment
is over?"  Her hand slid down between her legs and she gingerly touched her sex. 
She winced as a new flood of pain rushed upward, but she felt the spurt of
wetness and the overlaying feeling of need.

	"Yes, Amanda.  The punishment is over."

	"But sir!  It wasn't enough!"  Amanda sounded distraught

	"Not enough?" The Master asked, surprised.

	Amanda groaned as her fingers pinched her clit.  "N-n-no Master. 
P-please I need more."

	There was a silent pause on the other end of the line as Amanda's
fingers slid over the wet and sensitive lips and folds of her sex. 

	"All right, Amanda.  I presume you still have your shorts on one leg?"
Her master asked.

	Amanda looked down at her ankles.  Bare skin reflected the morning light
and she spotted her red colored shorts laying a few feet away.

	"No Master, they accidentally came off.  But I will put them on again if
you want." She said into the phone, her fingers still rubbing her sore clit,
spreading the glistening moisture around and over the tender flesh.

	"Go ahead, Amanda.  Put them on and bring them up to your knees." The
Master ordered.

	Amanda stood up and plucked the shorts from the gravel beneath the
parallel bars.  Carefully, yet quickly, she stepped into them.  When she was
finished she told her master.

	"Now I want you to take Manx's leash and run it between your legs so
that you are holding the end of the leash in the small of your back.  The leash
should actually split the lips of your sex." He said to her.

	Amanda clutched the phone between her shoulder and chin.  She ran her
left hand down her buttocks and reached up through the space between her thighs. 
She quivered as her right hand passed the leash through and she straightened up,
pulling the rough hemp rope across her sex  and up through the crack of her
bottom.  Manx looked at her quizzically.

	With her fingers, she split the enflamed folds of her sex and pulled the
rope upward into it.  A slight groan escaped her lips as she pulled the rope
tight against her clit.  Her right hand groped for her shorts and she pulled
them upward.  As the waist band rode up the rope caught and pulled tight into
the crevices of her body, making her body spasm.

	"Feel good?" Her master asked.

	"Oh, Master.  It feels like torture.  I want to touch myself so badly."
Said Amanda, her breaths becoming ragged.  Manx pulled lightly on the leash. 
Amanda groaned

	The Master chuckled.  "Well, you can hang up the phone and walk Manx
home now.  Just like that.  When you get home you can pleasure yourself to
explosion."  He said.

	Amanda sighed in relief.  "Thank you so much, Sir!

	"Bye, dear one."

	Amanda pressed the end button and slipped the phone back into her
pocket.  Manx pulled on the leash again, eager to be off and Amanda's breath
caught in her throat.

	"All Manx.  You can go now, and I can come now." she said softly.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





