BDSM Library - Silken Dreams in N.J.




Silken Dreams in N.J.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 2 people meet in bar and live out their silky fantasies.
Silken Dreams in N.J.

	My divorce became final today but the marriage had ended years ago.  I
was depressed; always thought there was a chance it wouldn't come to this but it
did and now I feel all alone with a three-day weekend staring me in the face.  I
decided I needed to be with people so I walked to the bars that were dotted
along Washington Street in Hoboken.  Hoboken is very unique you can almost reach
out across the Hudson and touch the Empire State Building.  NYC is so close but
yet Hoboken keeps its own identity.  The bars were packed to start off the long
holiday weekend. 

	I went into one of the more quiet bars and sat down at a stool, ordered
myself a beer.  Right away I noticed her sitting in a booth with another woman. 
She was dressed in a red satin blouse and a black leather mini-skirt.  I could
see the tops of her stockings and at the end of those legs were black stilettos. 
I felt my cock stir in my jeans.  It was then I noticed the black scarf tied
tightly around her neck and the black and red checkered scarf that tied her
brunette hair in a ponytail.  I also noticed an identical scarf tied to her
handbag.  My cock grew hard.  I always loved silk and satin and this woman was a
walking hard on maker for me.  She caught me staring and I felt my face flush; I
quickly turned away.

	I had to keep looking at her and stole glances every chance I got.  If I
were not so shy and awkward around strangers I would approach her.  As it was I
was ingraining her on my brain so later on I could fantasize about her while I
jerked off with my best friend a Hermes scarf I kept that was my wife's; a gift
from me she never wore.

	All of the sudden another beer showed up in front of me.  "What's this?"
I asked the bartender.  Its from the brunette in the booth, she says its easier
to see her if you sit with her.  I felt my face grow red and my heart start to
pound.  Should I flee?  Part of me was telling me to run, but part of me, mostly
the penis part of me was telling me to go to her.  Of course the penis won, he
seems to always win.

	Although the booth was only 15 feet away it seemed to take forever to
reach it.  She smiled up at me and extended her hand, "Hi, I'm Susan and you
seem to like what you see".  "Are you going to sit?"  I stuttered, "hi, I'm Bob
and I would be lying if I told you no". "Have a seat Bob I like what I see too". 
I could not believe this could happen to me.

	After some minor small talk she asked me if I wanted to come with her to
her apartment.  She said her roommate would be away for the whole weekend.  That
little voice was telling me to run but the penis knocked the snot out of it and
we got up and walked out of the bar.

	"You can follow me in your car Bob. Where are you parked?"  I told her I
live close by and was on foot.  She smiled, "great then you can ride with me". 
We got to her car and she turned and faced me.  "There is one request I have
Bob, I don't know you at all for all I know you could be that serial rapist".  I
assured her I was not.  "Well then so I can feel safe can I use this scarf to
tie your hands behind your back?" She untied the one from the handbag and held
it out waiting for my answer.  I couldn't believe this.  In ten years of
marriage I could not get my wife to tie me up once.  Scarf bondage is one of my
biggest fantasies. I nodded yes. "Good boy", she said as she pulled my hands
behind me and tightly bound them with the scarf.  "Bob, I also need to blindfold
you so you don't know where I live.  Is that OK with you?"  I nodded yes once
more as she pulled the scarf out of her hair.  She tied it tightly to my head;
everything went black after that.  I could smell her shampoo.  She carefully
guided me into her car, which was not easy since I'm rather tall, and her car
rather compact.  She purposely brushed her hand over my groin and smiled as she
felt it was rock hard.  She knew he was one of those special guys she was
looking for.

	There were many twists and turns on the drive and I gave up trying to
figure out where I was.  Soon she parked along the street and guided me up the
flight of stairs to the building entrance.  Then it was up two more flights till
we got to her apartment She led me into her apartment and eventually pushed me
gently onto a bed. "Will you trust me Bob?  If you do I promise you a night you
will never forget.  You must do everything I tell you to do, if not it ends as
soon as you don't obey me.  Understand?"  I nodded yes.  "So Bob are you ready
to trust me?"  "Yes", I whispered. "Good boy".

	She untied my wrist but left the blindfold on.  "Strip! Everything off
and hurry!  Any false moves and you will feel this baseball bat I am holding". 
She smiled to herself as she twirled the dildo she was holding in her hand.  Bob
took off all his clothes; he found it difficult maintaining his balance while
blind folded.  His erection pleased Susan.  She gently pushed him back on to the
bed face up.  She grabbed a wrist and lashed it with a scarf to the brass
headboard.  She did the same to his other wrist, his arms spread wide.  She
dragged her fingernails lightly over his chest making sure to catch a nipple. 
She gave his rock hard cock a stroke and Bob moaned in pleasure.  "Oh no we
can't have that racket", she said playfully.  She reached up under her leather
skirt and pulled down a pair of black satin panties.  She placed them over his
head making sure the wet spot on them settled over his nose.  Next she placed
several knots in a black silk scarf and tightly gagged him shoving her panties
deep into his mouth.  "There that should keep you nice and quiet.  Do you like
my scent?"  Bob nodded yes, "good, you will be smelling a lot of that", she
laughed. She then grabbed an ankle and tied it to the rail at the foot of the
bed.  Grabbing the other ankle she spread his legs wide and tied it in place.

	Next she crawled onto the bed between his bound legs and sucked his
erect cock into her mouth, twirling her tongue around the head.  He moaned
softly into the panty gag. While still sucking on him she tightly tied a scarf
around his ball sack.  Then another silken scarf tightly around the base of his
cock.  "Wouldn't want any accidents now would we?"  She stood back and admired
her gift-wrapping.  "I'm going to take a quick shower to freshen up and then the
fun can start.  Oh my friend here will keep you company while I'm gone".  She
slipped a lubed up vibrator into his ass and turned it on.

	After her shower she slipped into a black satin robe with a belted sash. 
She then climbed on top of him and slowly impaled her self on his cock.  She
fucked him for all she was worth a came with a big explosion.  She hadn't cum
like that in a long time but then it's been awhile since she had a bound man at
her disposal.  As she calmed down she noticed he was trembling.  "Aw the poor
guy just can't seem to cum".  He whimpered.  It had been a long time since his
cock was in a woman and now he needed to cum badly.

	She took out one of her silkiest scarves that was well over 7 feet long. 
She put one end over the head of his cock and slowly began to pull the scarf
through her hand and his cock.  The sensation was too much for Bob as his
muscles strained against his silken bond.  She laughed as she slowly pulled on
the scarf; he screamed into the gag.  By the time she was done his body was
covered in sweat and he was breathing heavily through his nose.

	"Lets take a little rest.  I'm going to remove your gag but not a peep
from you, understand?"  He nodded yes.  The knotted scarf and her panties were
soak in his saliva. She went and got him a small glass of water.  He drank it
all in one gulp. "I need you to keep up your strength, big boy".

	She crawled on top of his chest and inched towards his face.  He smelt
her strong scent and felt the heat of her pussy on his face.  She grabbed a hand
full of his curly hair and pulled his face into her awaiting pussy.  "What are
you waiting for?  Pleasure me with that mouth of yours and if you don't do it
well little Bobby may not 'cum' all night!"  He had never licked a girl's pussy
before.  His wife found it disgusting. Hell before this night he had never been
with another woman other then his wife.  He started licking and she moaned.  It
wasn't that he was doing such a hot job with his tongue as much as he was
obeying her commands that made her thighs quiver.  Any man can be taught to be a
good pussy licker she thought but a man that will follow your orders is gold. 
She used the fistful of his hair to guide his tongue and in no time she had her
second orgasm of the young night.

	She dismounted him and slipped her robe off.  She dressed in black
stockings and heels.  Black garter belt with matching black open nipple satin
bra.  Next she pulled out her leather strap-on harness with attached 7-inch
black dildo.  She then added a black scarf tied tightly around her neck.  And
she tied one around her left bicep.  Finally she pulls her hair severely into a
ponytail and tied it with a scarf. All scarves were black silk. She then tied a
bright yellow scarf around his neck.  She released him from his bond and grabbed
the scarf tied around his balls and pulled.  "Come with me", and she pulled him
off the bed and out of the room.  "Stand here and don't move". 

	She went back to the bedroom and grabbed a pair of white silk stockings
and pink ruffled satin panties.  "Lift your left foot".  She worked the stocking
over his toes and up his leg.  She did the same with the right.  Next she put
the panties on; they were tight, perfect she thought.  "Kneel".  He knelt and
she pushed him over a large ottoman.  She tied his wrists to the legs with
scarves then his knees to the back legs. She then tied a pink scarf around his
neck.  She shoved a silk pair of panties from her hamper into his mouth and
gagged him with a white scarf. 

	Then she removed his blindfold and he tried to blink away the darkness. 
He was facing himself in a big mirror and saw himself in stockings and panties. 
Then he saw her behind him and he felt his cock grow harder.  He saw her with
the black cock protruding from her and his eyes went wide.  "That's right hun,
you're looking too good.  I'm going to fuck you all night!"

	She slid in behind him and pulled his pink panties down until his back
door was exposed.  She nuzzled the tip of her lubed cock against his rosebud. 
He clenched his sphincter tight trying to keep the offending member from
entering.  She leaned over him; he felt her erect nipples on his back.  "Don't
fight it lover it will only make it worse.  Relax and enjoy it."  She gently
pushed inward.  He gasped through his gag but tried to relax.  Soon her hips
made contact with his ass cheeks and she slowly pulled out.  With each thrust
she increased her pace until she was pumping him like a jackhammer.  Her thighs
and his ass wear slapping together like someone applauding.  God how she loved
this and with that thought she had her biggest explosion of the night.  "Damn
boy you are one good lay."

	She placed the blindfold back on him.  His face was bright red.  She
wondered if it was from the actual fucking or the humiliation of watching
himself be fucked. She went and downed a diet soda while she just watched him. 
She could live out all her fantasies with this man.  A guy like this is hard to
find so I don't think he'll be going anywhere too soon.

	She grabbed a scarf and ran it slowly across his back.  He reacted to it
like she knew he would.  She then ran her fingers over his silk clad bottom
giving him goose bumps.  She smacked his ass hard a few times causing him to
jump at the pain.  She pulled the panties down and smacked his bare as until it
was a nice cherry red.  Then she untied the scarf that was tied around the base
of his cock.  She grabbed the scarf that was still binding his balls and mounted
him.  "Round two lover boy".  This time she started fucking him hard right away
as she pulled on the scarf leash.  Then with scarf in hand she wrapped her
fingers around his cock as she still fucked his ass.  A few strokes later Bob
was screaming into his gag as he came like never before.  At that moment he
would have sworn that he shot his left nut out of his cock.  This triggered her
and she laid flat on his back as orgasm number four hit her.

	It was getting very late and Susan was feeling very tired and she was
sure Bob needed a rest too.  She untied him and removed all the scarves and
lingerie from him.  She led him into the bathroom and instructed him to use it
wisely then shower and clean himself well.  She went into her bedroom and
stripped off her clothes and prepared for the night ahead.  When she heard the
shower running she waited a few minutes then slipped quietly into the bathroom. 
She carefully slid back the shower curtain then hopped in behind him, startling
him.  She picked up a bar of soap and soaped up her hands.  She started stroking
his now flaccid cock with one soapy hand and at the same time she slipped two
soapy fingers deep into his ass.  Bob was hard again in no time.  She then
turned him around to face her and handed him the bar of soap.  "Wash me, start
here", she pointed to her breasts.  She continued to stroke his erection.  He
started soaping her breast and watched her nipples become erect.  "Suck them". 
His lips encircled one nipple as his hand washed the other.  She moaned her
approval.  He switched hands with the soap and moved his mouth to the other
nipple.  This one he took between his teeth and lightly nibbled it. "Oh, that's
nice, you bad boy".  She placed her hands on his broad shoulders and pushed
down, "kneel for me".  Bob knelt in front of her with the water now cascading
over both of them.  "Clean me with your tongue", and she grabbed his wet hair
and pulled him into her. He licked slowly and with great care, it pleased her
and drove her wild.  As he licked her he was also rubbing the bar of soap up and
down her legs and around her tight ass.  Orgasm number 5 snuck up on her and
then slowly crept through her entire body.

	They finished the shower but she kept him hard the whole time.  After
they had dried off she led him by his erection into the bedroom.  "Stand
straight, arms at your sides".  She unfolded the largest black scarf he had ever
seen.  It looked like it could have been a whole bolt of silk. She started at
his ankles and tightly wrapped it around his legs.  She left a small space where
his cock and balls were left exposed.  His arms were tightly wrapped to his
torso.  When she got to his neck she twisted it and wrapped his head but leaving
the face exposed.  He was turned into a silken mummy.  She then took out several
hot pink scarves and tied one around his neck.  Another was tied below his
shoulders.  One tied at the elbows; one at the wrists, thighs, knees and finally
the ankles.  He could not move a muscle.  To her he looked gorgeous.  She pushed
him onto the bed and arranged him so he would not fall out of the bed.  She then
pulled out a long black silk nightgown with string straps.  It had diagonal hot
pink stripes running through it.  A perfect match to mummy Bob.  "Oh no I forgot
something".  She pulled out one more pink scarf and blindfolded him.  "There,
perfect now".  Bob waited for the gag but it never came.  She then lay next to
him and rubbed her hands up and down his body, loving the smoothness of the
silk.  Then she climbed up on top of him and slid her pussy to his mouth.  He
got busy without being told.  After a few minutes she turned around with her ass
facing him and slid back so his nose nuzzled her rosebud and her pussy went to
his lips.  He started licking once more.  She lowered her head toward his erect
cock and took it between her lips.  She felt him lick harder and faster.  She
sucked him harder and used a scarf to rub his balls with it.  She felt him
trying to thrust his cock deeper into her mouth.  Soon he exploded into her
mouth and that set off her own little explosion.  She dismounted him and turned
and faced him.  She leaned over and kissed his lips while snaking her tongue
into his mouth.  She spit his cum into his mouth and smiled as she tied a
knotted silk pink gag into place. She made his cock hard once more and tied a
scarf around its base and another around his balls.  "Pleasant dreams", she
whispered.




Silken Dreams in N.J.

part 2


	Morning came and Susan unconsciously rubbed her hand over her silk
mummy.  She felt Bob stir and woke up quickly.  She hadn't felt this good in the
morning in a long time.  She had hoped Bob made it through the night all right. 
She had never kept someone tied up that long.  With a pang of disappointment she
noticed that the scarf had failed to hold his erection.  She started untying all
the pink scarves that had bound her mummy.  She also couldn't believe how horny
she still felt after how good she got it last night.

	Bob felt his bounds being removed.  He had no idea if he slept or how
long he had been tied.  He didn't even know if it was night or day but he
assumed it must be morning.  All his muscles ached and he had one or two painful
cramps overnight but he thought back that it had been the greatest night of his
life. Still gagged and blindfolded he felt her trying to move him into a
standing position.  He started feeling pins and needles all through his body.

	Once Susan had him standing she quickly unwrapped him.  She started
rubbing his body vigorously to get his blood flowing.  Part of her felt bad for
him; she should have never left him tied that long.  Another part, however, was
turned on by the marks her scarves left on his body.  She led him into the
bathroom and finally removed his gag and blindfold.  He was blinded by the
sunlight.  She left him a new toothbrush and told him to take care of 'things'. 
Once he was done he was to run the shower, get in and wait for her.  Once she
heard to water for the shower she stripped her nightgown off and entered the
shower.

	She started soaping him up and he started getting erect.  That made her
happy that this ordeal had not lessened his interest.  "I am very pleased with
your behavior so far pet.  Do you still wish to obey me?"  He nodded yes.  "Good
then show me your appreciation."    Bob dropped to his knees and started
pleasuring her with his tongue.  She noticed that it was a much more confidant
tongue then last night and a much improved one too.  She grabbed a fist full of
hair and shoved him deeper into her as she felt her orgasm hit.

	"Since we both seem to want this to continue we will need to get you
some clothes for the weekend.  So after breakfast we will go to your place and
you can pack a bag."  Once they were dried she tied a sheer pink scarf around
his cock and balls.  Then she slipped on a pink nylon thong.  She had to force
it on him, as it was way too small for him.  "This will never do, looks like we
will have to do some shopping today." He dressed in the same clothes he had last
night except for the scarf and thong. She put on a satin white blouse and added
a black and white scarf around her neck tied to the side.  A pair of tight jeans
went over her own pink thong.  Then a pair of three inch spiked black leather
ankle boots.  They ate in silence as each wondered what was ahead.

	Before they left she gagged him tight with a white silk scarf and
blindfolded him with another.  Then she put on a tan silk hood, baseball cap and
sun glasses.  Anyone taking a quick look at him would never know he was gagged
and blindfolded.  She carefully led him to her car and tied his hands behind his
back before putting his seatbelt on.  She drove to the bar on Washington Street
where everything started.  Removing hood, gag and blindfold she asked, "where to
now, stud?"  Bob directed her to his apartment.  Parking was a problem, as it
always is in Hoboken, and they ended up three blocks away.

	Bob lived in a one bedroom, first floor apartment.  His place was
barren.  He just had the essentials to get by with, no frills.  "God, Bob, how
long have you lived here?"  "A little over a year."  "How many women have you
bought here?"  "You are the first."  "That I can believe", she started pulling
scarves out of her bag.  "Lets christen it, take off those clothes.  You need to
put fresh ones on anyway."  Soon Bob was standing there in just the too small
pink thong and scarf.  She tied his wrists in front of him then gagged him and
led him to his bed.  She then tied his wrists to the headboard and has him kneel
with his arms out in front of him.  She then undressed except for her pink satin
bra.  A blindfold was added to Bob.  Her pink satin thong went over his head so
he could smell her with each breath.  He was already very stiff with excitement. 
Next she pulled out of her purse a double-sided dildo and a strap-on harness. 
The thick short end she inserted into her dripping hot pussy.  The long thin end
she started masturbating with a well-lubed hand.  She knelt behind him and
gently thrusted herself into him. Bob grunted through his gag but it was more
from pleasure then pain.  She felt her own excitement growing and started to
pound him harder.  As she felt the climax growing in her she reached under him
and wrapped a silk scarf around his shaft.  In just a couple of pulls he
exploded into the silk.  As the warmth of his cum reached her hand she came
herself.
	
	"Damn, I love fucking you Bob!  I feel so alive."  She left him tied and
cleaned herself off.  She removed her thong from his head and dressed.  Then
using a washcloth she cleaned him up.  Finally she untied his wrists, tied the
scarf back on his cock and balls and squeezed him back into the thong.  "Get
dressed now we have shopping to do."  After he stumbled around a bit she removed
his blindfold with a laugh. They went back to her car with his packed bag and
she tied his hands behind his back.  She drove them to the Short Hills Mall.
	
	"I have a very good friend that works in Victoria's Secret here at the
mall.  Shall I say we share a lot of the same interests?  She also gives me a
good discount on all the lingerie I buy."  She untied Bob and she admired the
marks left on his wrists.  They strolled into the mall hand in hand.
	
	They entered a deserted Victoria's Secret and Susan led Bob to a small
but very pretty blonde.  She had a scarf in her hair, dark rimmed glasses on her
face, and she was wearing a satin white blouse and a short black and white
checkered skirt.  Black stockings and black paten leather pumps finished her
look.  She immediately noticed the marks on Bob's wrists and gave Susan a
knowing smile.  "Sally, I'd like you to meet my new pet, Bob. We have a bit of a
problem that I need your help with.  As you can see Bob is much bigger then me
and I don't want him stretching out my pretty thongs, can you help?"  Bob's face
turned beet red. "Take him into the back to my office Susan.  I'll get a few
things that might fit him and we could try them on."
	
	Susan led a very embarrassed Bob into Sally's office.  Susan had Bob
strip out of his clothes then tied his wrists behind his back.  She added
another scarf at his elbows and tied it tight enough for Bob to grimace in pain. 
Sally joined them and locked the door behind her.  She was carrying a rainbow of
silky thongs; she gave the bound and erect Bob an approving smile.  "Oh lets try
these sheer black ones on him", Susan said excitedly.  She took the black ones
from Sally and pulled them over Bob's legs.  They fit him nice and snug; the
head of his erect penis poking out the top.  She rubbed the silky material over
his hard on. "Oh yes, very nice", Sally said with a big smile as she sat on her
desktop.  Her skirt hiked up and Bob could see her stocking tops and garters. He
also noticed her sheer black thong caught on one of her pumps.  "Just don't
stand there Bob, go and thank Sally properly for finding you some nice pretty
panties."  She nudged Bob towards Sally.  When he got with in Sally's reach she
grabbed him and pushed him to his knees.  "My, you are a bad boy.  Lets see what
your tongue can do", she pulled him by his hair into her waiting pussy.  Her
musky smell was almost overpowering. Bob licked and licked.  Sally kept moving
his head by pulling his hair to direct him just where she wanted him.  Soon her
stocking legs were up over his shoulders.  Her heels dug into his arms.  Susan
slowly unbuttoned Sally's blouse and pulled one of Sally's B-cups down exposing
a very large erect nipple.  She put her lips to it and sucked it.  Susan then
pulled a scarf out of her purse and knotted it she then tightly gagged Sally and
bit into her nipple.  Sally came with a muffled scream.  She pulled Bob out from
between her legs.  Susan removed the gag.  "Thanks Susan, I needed that.  Looks
like you found a keeper."  Susan went over to Bob his face glistening with
Sally's juices and gave him a long deep French kiss.  "Good job boy."
	
	They cleaned up Bob and Sally.  Everyone tried to look presentable. 
They went out to the cash register and Bob paid for a half dozen thongs.  Sally
gave him a good discount.  As they left the store's two other saleswomen nodded
knowingly to Bob as he passed; his face reddened and they giggled.  Susan and he
ate at a bar in the mall and got to know each other better.
	
	The silk hood, gag and blindfold went on for the ride home.  Susan would
reach over from time to time and rub Bob's erection.  Keeping him on edge.  They
got to her apartment and she ordered him to get naked.  Bob stood there in thong
and pink scarf.  "Take those off too."  She bought in a wooden chair from the
kitchen and placed it in front of the TV.  "Sit".  Bob sat on the cold wood. 
	
	She left the room and came back with a handful of scarves.  Half were
solid navy blue and half were white; all were smooth and silky.  She turned on
the TV, "it's baseball night and we are going to play a game.  Roger Clemens is
pitching for the Yankees.  Every time he strikes out a batter I add a scarf to
you.  Every time the Yanks get a hit I add a scarf to you.  Every time the
Yankees score a run I add a scarf to your bondage. Do you get the picture?"  Bob
nodded wondering if he should be cheering for the Yankees or against them.  "Oh
yeah, I forgot to tell you they are playing the Detroit Tigers", she gave an
evil laugh.  Bob knew it would be a long night.  She left while the pre-game
talk was going on; Bob sat there cold but excited wondering how things would
turn out.  He realized he was going to watch a ball game from a very different
perspective.
	
	
	  Susan was feeling a little on the evil side and wanted her attire to
match her mood.  She donned a black leather bustier that was lined in red satin. 
Black stockings attached to tight garters accompanied her knee high stiletto
black leather boots.  A pair of opera style black satin gloves and a black silk
scarf around her neck finished her look.  Bob heard the click of her heels and
he turned to look at her as she entered the room.  What he saw almost took his
breath away. She was beautiful and scary all at the same time.  She smiled as
she watched his expression.  She carried with her the pink thong she had worn
most of the day, a set of clover nipple clamps and a butt plug.
	
	She had Bob stand and she inserted the plug deep into his rectum. 
"That's just because the Yankees are playing. Sit."  She held up the clamps,
"these are going on you if the Yankees hit a grand slam."  Clemens delivered the
first pitch.  Strike one.
	
	The first batter struck out.  Susan smiled and shoved her pink thong
into his mouth.  She knotted a navy blue scarf and the tied it tightly around
his head gagging him and sending the thong deeper into his mouth.  The silk cut
deeply into his flesh and she traced the scarf with a satin clad finger admiring
the tightness.  The second batter struck out and Susan pulled a white scarf from
her pile.  She tied his wrists together behind the chair then tied the scarf to
the chair.  "Clemens looks to be on his game", she said with a laugh.  The next
batter was already in the hole 0-2.
	
	Strike three Clemens struck out the side.  She grabbed a navy blue scarf
and tied it tightly around his balls wrapping it till his sac was stretched
taunt.  She rubbed his balls with his gloved hand. 
	
	During the commercial break she knelt between his legs and started
giving him a blowjob.  Just as Bob thought he was going to explode into her
mouth she stopped and he whimpered.  She laughed as Derek Jeter came to the
plate and hit the first pitch over the wall for a home run.  "That's two more
scarves and it's only the bottom of the first".  A white scarf tied his ankle to
the chair leg.  A navy blue scarf fastened Bob's other ankle to the chair.  The
next batter walked and she seemed disappointed.  The third batter ground into a
double play.  As they broke for commercial she once again started giving him
head and once again left him whimpering as the game came back on.
	
	In the next three innings Clemens struck out four more and the Yankees
got two hits but no runs.  Between each half inning she orally stimulated Bob
and he was nearly sobbing by the top of the fifth inning.  She tie a scarf
around Bob's too fat stomach cutting deeply into his body and pulling him into
the chair back.  The next scarf she tied around his chest just below his nipples
melding him with the back of the chair.  The next she tied at the base of his
cock.  She wanted to make sure he did not cum during the game.  The next two
scarves tied his legs just below the knees to the chair legs. The final scarf
she tied to his neck and let it flow down his chest.  At the end of four it was
the Yankees 1 and the Tigers 0.
	
	The top of the fifth went well for Bob as the Tigers were out on three
fly balls to the outfield.  The bottom of the fifth would be a nightmare for
Bob.  First by the end of the commercial break he was shaking with the desperate
need to shoot his load.  Then the first two Yankees got singles.  She tied his
elbows together, not touching but still uncomfortable.  The next she tied his
knees together.  The next batter walked loading the bases and Giambi coming to
bat.  She picked up the clover clamps and dangled them in front of him.  Behind
her Giambi took the first pitch over the right field wall.  Bob moaned and Susan
danced with joy around him.  The clamps bit into the sensitive flesh around the
nipples.  Not only did that grand slam get him the nipple clips it also netted
five more scarves.  One Susan tied from the clamp's chain to his cock.  Then she
tied two to his arms and two to his legs.  She was running out of scarves and
places to tie them.
	
	The rest of the game was uneventful and only had Bob getting tied with
four more scarves. Susan continued to tease Bob every half inning and he was a
quivering mess by the end of the game.  She loved the way he looked by the end
of the game and took several pictures of her creation.  She left and came back
with the double-sided dildo strapped to her waist.  "I forgot to tell you, if
the Tigers won you got to fuck me and if the Yankees won I got to fuck you. 
Well we both know the final score, don't we?"
	
	She released Bob from his bonds.  He was still gagged and his cock and
balls were still in their silken bonds. She led Bob by his ball leash into the
bedroom, blindfolded him and had him lie on the bed.  She then tied his wrists
to the bedposts.  She then grabbed an ankle and pushed it up and over his body
and tied it too to the headboard.  She did the same with the other ankle and now
his ass was fully exposed to her. She mounted him and slowly impaled him with
her rigid cock.  She really loved this position since she got to gaze at his
blindfolded and gagged face.  She really went to town fucking him and felt the
power she had over him flow through her.  She was growing tired and was
surprised she could not bring herself to cum.  She pulled out of him and noticed
that his cock was an angry purple color.  She removed the strap-on then removed
the dildo from the strap-on and inserted it back into his backdoor.  Then she
untied the scarf at the base of his cock and started fucking him with the dildo
once more.  Soon cum was exploding out of Bob's cock all over his chest and
face.  She made sure she milked every drop from him.
	
	Susan then untied him and retied his arms to his side.  She then removed
his gag and pulled out her soggy thong.  She then straddled his face and started
grinding her pussy into him.  His tongue went to work.  She came this time
without much resistance.  Bob was improving his technique with each session.
	
	She untied him and they both showered together.  Then she bound his cock
and balls and encased them with a new pink thong.  She gagged and blindfolded
him.  She tied his wrists together and bound them to the headboard.  She slipped
into a pair of pink silk pajamas and cuddled up next to her bound sex toy.  She
gave him a good night kiss full on the gag and tweaked his nipple.  "Silky
dreams, my scarf slave."




Silken Dreams in N.J.

part 3


	Bob slept like the dead.  Susan has really drained him and he wasn't
just thinking of cum.  He has had woman overload in the past 36 hours.  He has
already had sex with this woman more then the last three years with his wife. 
He was relieved she didn't tie his legs but his shoulders screamed for movement. 
He didn't want to break the mood or wake Susan.  He could feel her heated silky
body snuggled up to him.  He still thought this was a whole fabulous dream. 
People rarely get to live out their fantasies and he couldn't believe he could
be this lucky.  He worried that she would tire of him.  He was not in the best
of shape and she was 'out of his league'.  He was sure that there were hundreds
of guys out there like him and very few women like Susan. 

	Being blindfolded he could only hope it was morning.  He had a raging
hard-on but it was not due to Susan.  If she didn't wake soon and release him
his bladder would burst.  His shifted his body roughly hoping to wake her.

	Unknown to Bob, Susan had been awake for quite some time.  Starring in
the morning light at this bound man that had dropped into her life.  She
couldn't believe her luck.  So far they have interacted as one like they have
been in a relationship for years not two days.  Sure she had tied up other guys;
she even enjoyed a few of them.  Most of them were jerks and self centered and
none of them had caused her to cum like she had with Bob.  At first she just
thought she came like she did because it had been a while between guys but she
has since came about a dozen times and each seems to be better then the last. 
She wondered if she had done too much or gone too far with Bob.  Once they
parted ways would he remain in her life?  Sure there were hundreds of wannabe
subs out there but Bob was a keeper.  She couldn't believe his wife had wasted
years of their marriage when she had a real gem of a man with her.  Bob stirred
and with a pang of sadness she knew he needed release.  With an evil grin
however she pulled down the sleeve of her pink satin pajama top over her hand
and wrapped it around his very stiff cock.  She smiled when he moaned through
the gag.  She started to untie his wrists.

	Susan allowed Bob to do his bathroom business and instructed him to
return to the bedroom when he was done.  Naked, Bob entered the bedroom and saw
that Susan had things laid out on the bed waiting for him; she was still in her
pink satin pajamas.  She went over to him and hugged him wrapping her silk clad
body around him.  It did not take much persuasion to get him hard once more. 
She tightly tied a pink scarf around the base of his erect cock and wound
another long thin pink scarf around his balls.  Next she put on him a very
sheer, frilly pink nylon apron.  "I love the feel of this apron against my skin
and will wear this naked when I have cleaning to do.  We have a lot of soiled
scarves and panties I want you to clean and iron.  There is not a silkier
feeling then a freshly ironed scarf.  But before we start that I want you to
show me those cooking skills you told me about and fix us some breakfast."  She
tied the apron tight around him and rubbed her hands up and down his pink nylon
body.  He had to admit it felt real good against his body but he also felt a
little foolish wearing it.  With a smack to his bare ass Susan pushed him
towards the kitchen.  She had to get him moving or she would have thrown him to
the bed and fucked her brains out.  It made her so wet that he was wearing that
apron.

	Bob went through her cabinets and refrigerator searching for pieces of a
meal he could impress Susan with.  He was very happy to be cooking for someone
again he had loved to do that for his ex-wife.  He was able to put together a
mushroom and cheddar omelet.  Susan was absolutely giddy as Bob served her.  It
had been a long time since someone else prepared a meal for her and much to her
surprise the food was great.  She decided to push him further and tied his hands
behind his back.  She then ordered him under the table and pleasure her while
she finish her meal.  Susan's mind stopped working; she couldn't even work her
fork as she was quickly bought to orgasm.  She wasn't really sure if it was his
tongue that made her climax or the whole scene.

	Next she showed him how she wanted her scarves and panties hand washed
and dried.  She also instructed him how to use the iron.  She then left Bob to
his work and dressed to go shopping.  She thought she could trust Bob alone in
her place.  He seems very sincere in wanting to serve her.

	Not long after Susan left, Bob was well into the work he had been given. 
He wanted Susan to be proud of what he could do for her and wanted to make sure
they continued their budding relationship.  The telephone rang and Bob went to
pick it up on instinct then stopped himself. It rang four more times then the
answering machine picked up.  "Susan?  Are you there?  It's Ty.  I'm coming home
early and wanted to give you a heads up.  What a disaster this weekend has been. 
That guy was a real asshole but we can talk about it later.  See ya soon.  Bye." 
Bob got nervous; Ty must be Susan's apartment mate.  What if she got here before
Susan?  Should he get dressed just in case?  If Susan got back would she be
angry if he was dressed?  After a long thought period Bob decided to keep
working as he was.  If Ty got there first he could get into Susan's bedroom for
cover.

	Susan got back with some food so Bob could make her a nice dinner.  She
was not happy to hear about Ty.  She was pleased that Bob had finished most of
the work.  She led him into her bedroom and removed the apron.  Then she put on
him a royal blue silk thong that they had bought yesterday.  She pulled the
thong down in the back and inserted a butt plug.  Then she had him sit in a
chair in the corner of her bedroom.  She undressed and took off her own thong
and shoved it in his mouth.  She then cleaved gagged him with another scarf then
used a thicker scarf to place over that gag and the lower half of his face.  She
then tied a very sheer white scarf over his eyes but unlike past blindfolds he
could easily see through this one.  She then proceeded to tightly tie him to the
chair.  First his arms and legs were secured then his torso.  When she was done
he could not move a muscle.  She then draped over him a white silk material. 
Bob thought it was old parachute material.  "Can you still see?"  "Mmmmpphh." 
"I'll take that as a yes, good.  Now to get ready for Ty."  

	Bob watched as Susan placed different scarves around her bed.  Then he
watched her strip down and get dress in stockings, waist cincher, push-up bra
with exposed nipples, scarf around her neck, all in black.  She then wrapped
herself in a black silk, floor length robe and stepped into spiked heeled
sandals.  Just as she was finishing her make up Bob heard the apartment door
open.  "Honey, I'm home."

	Susan greeted her roomie with a big smile.  Ty could see that Susan was
dressed for action and she felt that old stirring between her legs.  Yes, just
what the doctor ordered.  "Ty, why are you home so early?  What happened?"  "The
asshole was married!  So I left him at the resort tied to the bed for the maid
to find."  "Oh I'm so sorry Ty.  Is there anything I can do?"  "As a matter of
fact there is Susan and I think you have already thought of what it is too." 
They embraced and kissed tenderly on the lips, Ty's tongue forcing its way into
Susan's mouth.  Ty broke it off and said, "let me take a minute to change into
something more appropriate."  "When you are ready Ty see me in my room."

	Susan went into her room and went over to Bob. "Now, you be a good boy
and just watch the show.  Do I have a surprise ready for Ty."  She gave Bob's
cock a few strokes with the silky material.  Then she opened her robe and lay on
her bed.  She figured Ty will be too fixated on her to notice a bound man in the
corner of her room.

	Ty entered her bedroom with a pair of black stockings, garter belt and
an open cup black lace bra on.  She smiled at Susan as she crawled across the
bed to her.  She bent down and took one of Susan's nipples in her mouth and
gently bit down.  Susan let out a sigh as she grabbed one of Ty's exposed
breasts.  Ty pulled the sash from Susan's robe and started wrapping it around
Susan's wrists.  "No Ty, it's my turn.  Remember?"  "Susan, please I really need
to do this."  "No, my turn and I promise you will get what you need...if you are
a good girl."  Susan quickly got out from under Ty and pushed her flat on her
stomach.  With expert precision Susan had Ty's wrists tied behind her back
before Ty had a chance to resist.  Next Ty was blindfolded and then her ankles
were bound together.  Susan rolled Ty over on her back and quickly went over and
removed the silk cover from Bob.  She went back on the bed and straddled her
friend.  She added nipple clamps to Ty, "this is for coming home early and
disrupting my weekend."  Ty started to protest and Susan covered her mouth with
her hand.  Her other hand rubbed Ty's very wet pussy.  "Looks like someone is in
need of a good licking but me first."  Susan slid up to Ty's head and ground her
pussy into Ty's mouth, "lick it good bitch", Susan said playfully.  Ty's
familiar tongue work was a change from what Bob had done this weekend.  Susan
enjoyed it as she smothered her friend.  She then pulled away before she came
and rolled Ty on to her stomach.  She pulled Ty's ankles up and tied them to her
wrists in a hog tie.  Susan then went and started untying a very aroused Bob. 
Ty heard her doing something else and blurted out, "hey, what about me?" 
"Didn't I tell you to be quiet?"  Susan went over and packed a scarf tightly
into her mouth then cleave gagged her and the tied another scarf gag.  "There
that should keep you quiet."  She rolled Ty on to her side.

	She finished untying Bob from the chair and moved him on to the bed. 
She removed his gag but whispered into his ear with her hot breath not to make a
sound.  She tied Bob into a similar hog tie and faced him opposite to Ty. She
whispered into his ear once more, "start licking Ty and give her the best head
you ever gave."  She kissed him on the cheek then pushed his face into Ty's
pussy.

	With Bob's facial hair Ty knew right away that something was up and she
started to struggle to get free.  Susan grabbed her by the hair to get her
attention.  "Relax Ty.  Everything is fine.  Lay back and enjoy it."  Ty still
struggled.  "Ok Ty, if you are not going to relax then I'm going to put you to
work."  She removed Ty's gag and as Ty was protesting she fill her mouth with
Bob's erect cock.  "Ty meet Bob, Bob meet Ty", Susan laughed.  "I am wearing a
strap-on and I'm going to fuck the first one that cums!"

	'Bob?  Who the fuck is Bob', Ty thought as she started sucking his cock. 
At least he is not big enough to choke me she thought with relief.  Susan tied a
scarf around Ty's ass and Bob's neck pulling him deeper into Ty's pussy.  She
then tied Bob's ass and Ty's neck forcing Bob's cock deeper into Ty's mouth. 
Susan smiled at the scene of Bob and Ty bound together.  She also chuckled
because she knew that her roommate would lose since Bob's cock was tied good and
tight.  Susan then helped Ty get closer to orgasm by pinching her nipples
something she knows Ty loves from past experience.  Ty silently cursed Susan, as
she came not long after Susan started pinching.  Her juices really flowed and
Bob worried that he would not be able to breath.  Ty was also driving Bob nuts
he had felt like cumming almost the instant his cock was forced into Ty's mouth;
the scarf however held his orgasm in check.  "Seems like we have a winner",
Susan joyfully exclaimed.

	Susan had to think about her next move.  Unlike Bob, Ty would look for
any chance to turn the tables on Susan.  Both women preferred to do the tying
then be tied and many a night Susan suffered Ty's torment while a prisoner of
her knots.  She first released the two from their bound '69' position.  She
re-gagged Ty then Bob.  Then she released Bob from his hog tie. She also untied
his ankles and wrists.  Susan then got Bob to move a still bound Ty off the bed. 
She then tied Bob on his back in the basic spread eagle position on the bed.
Susan wrapped a long scarf around Ty's neck then released her from her hog tie.
She carefully untied Ty's ankles and Ty kicked out at her.  Susan pulled on the
scarf leash around Ty's neck and commanded her to get up on the bed.  Ty with a
little force from Susan reluctantly crawled on to the bed.  Susan guided her to
a spot in between Bob's spread legs.  She then tied Ty's ankles to the foot of
the bed.  She removed Ty's gag and grabbed a handful of Ty's red hair.  "If I
ever get free bitch you are going to be sorry."  "Ssh, Ty it's not polite to
talk with your mouth full", she laughed as she forced Bob's penis into Ty's
mouth once more.  Susan used the scarf leash to tie her head into place so that
Ty could not get Bob's penis out of her mouth.  Susan then strapped on the dildo
harness with the double dildo and took Ty from behind, invading Ty's pussy with
the rubber phallus.

	Ty's mouth engulfing Bob's throbbing cock was driving him insane.  He
needed release.  He fought to free himself from his bonds but Susan knew her
knots and he was not getting free anytime soon.  Susan was enjoying Bob's
struggles from her birds-eye view behind Ty and she was feeling real good
fucking Ty.

	Ty let out a muffled cry around Bob's cock as she came.  The sound of
her cry pushed Susan over the edge and she sunk the dildo deep into Ty and
leaned over on Ty's back bringing her arms around and pinching Ty's nipples. 
Susan let out a cry of pleasure.

	Susan left Ty and Bob how they were.  She had to think about her next
move.  The scene they just did was great but she wanted Bob as her love slave
for the rest of the weekend without Ty being around.  If she released Ty from
her bonds, Ty would get her 'revenge' and Ty is very good at overpowering Susan. 
Although Susan thought that would be fun, she just didn't want it to interfere
with her budding relationship with Bob.  She would have to keep Ty bound the
rest of the weekend and she knew already she would pay for it but if this thing
that she and Bob had going on continued then it would be well worth whatever Ty
had planned. 

	She untied Ty's head from Bob's very swollen and purple cock.  She
quickly shoved a scarf wrapped ball gag deep into her mouth cutting off any
protests.  Then she released Bob from the spread eagle and had Bob hold Ty while
she released her ankles.  Ty fought the second both ankles were free but she was
a foot shorter then Bob and he handled her easily.  They bought Ty to her
bedroom and tied her in a spread eagle on her bed.  Susan then tied Bob's wrists
behind him and led him out of the room by the scarf tied around his purple cock.

	Damn, Susan thought; I forgot the Giants were playing.  She loved this
time of year best when both the Yankees and Giants are playing.  She grabbed
some scarves and headed for the living room.  She turned on the TV and saw that
it was late in the third quarter and the Giants were down by two touchdowns to
the dreaded Eagles.  She sat in her favorite chair and had Bob kneel between her
legs.  She then tied Bob securely to her thighs and removed his gag.  She
grabbed a handful of his hair and pushed him into her pussy.  While watching the
game she teased herself and would pull Bob's head away as she got close to
orgasm.  The Giants tied the game on an interception returned for a touchdown
with only a minute left in the game.  She pushed Bob deep into her very moist
pussy and had a huge orgasm.  It was so powerful that she got a cramp in her
toe.  As she was coming down from her orgasmic high she watched the Giants short
kick the ball to the Eagles.  Then she watched in horror as the Giants missed
tackle after tackle on the ball returner as he ran for a seventy yard touchdown
with only thirty two seconds left in the game.  "Shit!  The Giants have sucked
since Simms and LT have been gone!" The Giants lost the game 21-27.

	She was in a foul mood after that loss.  She hated the Eagles.  Time to
take out some frustration.  She released Bob from her thighs and bought him over
to the ottoman.  She lashed each of his limbs to the legs then tied two large
scarves around his torso.  Then she wrapped several other scarves around his
head encasing it in a layer of silk.  Bob noticed hear could barely hear
anything due to the scarves wound around his head. Susan went to her bedroom
after Bob was secured.  She returned naked except for the leather strap-on
harness and the double-sided dildo protruding from it.  She gave Bob's ass a few
hard smacks and he jumped against his bonds, then she penetrated him with the
well-lubed dildo.  She raked her nails down his back leaving pink trails as she
started to really pound him.  She was really doing him good and rough and
started to feel her orgasm approach.  She realized Bob had not cum in a long
while and decided to have him cum with her so she felt for the knotted scarf
around his cock to loosen it when her breath was cut off.

	Unknown to Susan, Ty had managed to get one knot loose and finally
escaped.  Susan was so involved with fucking Bob that she never noticed the now
leather clad pissed off redhead watching her.  Ty had dressed in black leather. 
She had a pair of chaps on that she like to wear when she knew she would be hog
tying her date.  She had put on her tight push-up leather bra.  Black leather
gauntlet gloves and three inch black pumps finished her dominatrix look.  She
had several scarves stuck into her chaps and ready to use.  After watching Susan
enjoying herself and sensing she was about to cum, Ty made her move.  She pulled
out a long black scarf and wound it around her gloved hands.  She wrapped around
Susan's neck and pulled her to the floor. She jammed her leather-clad knee into
the small of Susan's back and grabbed both of Susan's wrists, tying them tight. 
Ty in rapid secession tied Susan's thighs, knees and ankles.  The she flipped
her on to her back and pushed her hot pussy into Susan's face.  "Please me bitch
and I may go easy on you!"

	Bob had no idea what had just happened.  Susan was fucking the hell out
of his ass on minute and she suddenly stopped.  He felt for sure she was about
to let him cum but then everything stopped.  He could sense she was still in the
room but had no idea what she was doing.  He needed relief badly.

	Ty came quickly but she knew she needed more.  She removed the strap-on
harness from Susan and was going to put it on but then decided to get her own
harness.  She came back with her black leather harness strapped to her hips. 
The dildo was much larger then Susan's.  She untied Susan's legs and tied them
spread wide to a near by table.  Then she forced the dildo into Susan's dripping
wet pussy.  Susan liked to control guys but she was not too upset Ty had
escaped.  Ty started fucking her in earnest.  She wrapped her lips around on of
Susan's erect nipples and bit into it while her nails dug into the other nipple. 
Susan cried out in a mixture of pain and pleasure.  Ty reached down to her chaps
and grabbed a scarf that she then shoved into Susan's mouth muffling her cries. 
She went back to fucking Susan and tormenting her nipples.  Susan's body tensed
as she orgasmed.  Ty quickly followed.

	Ty slowly got up and walked over to the neglected bound Bob.  She left
Susan tied to the table legs.  Ty's dildo was dripping with Susan's juices.  Ty
went over to Bob and rubbed his silk wrapped hear with her leather clad hand. 
"So Susan where did you find this slut?  He'll be very interesting to play
with."  Ty started unwrapping the scarves that gagged him.  Susan fought against
her bonds.  A muffled scream of protest escaped her gag.  "What's wrong Susan? 
You don't want me playing with your toy?  Don't worry, I won't hurt him...much." 
Ty fully removed the gag on Bob and replaced it with the dildo dripping with
Susan's essence.  "Suck it clean boy."

	Susan was mad.  Bob was hers.  Ty always seems to be the one that gets
the guys and that made Susan jealous.  It's not that Ty is any prettier then
Susan but guys just seem to gravitate to her.  She was afraid Bob would be the
same way.  Unlike Susan however, Ty had not left any loose knots and Susan was
going nowhere till Ty released her. 

	Bob was startled by the touch.  He thought Susan was back.  He smelled
the heavy scent of leather and thought Susan must have changed.  He heard the
muffled command to suck as the cum dripped dildo was forced between his lips. 
He could not be sure but it did not sound like Susan.  Bob noticed that this
dildo seemed much larger then the one Susan was just using.

	Susan watched Ty fuck Bob's face with a pang of sorrow.  She had planned
to do that to him. It was not fun tied here watching Ty enjoy herself.

	Ty pulled the dildo out of Bob's mouth and gagged him once more.  Then
she went and knocked on his backdoor with the large phallus.  She forced it into
him and Bob screamed.  Susan looked on with tears in her eyes. As Ty rode him
she smacked his ass with her gloved hand.  After several minutes a new idea
formed in Ty's head and she pulled the dildo out of Bob's ass.  She untied his
arms and then retied them behind his back.  The she released his legs and pulled
him up to stand.  She maneuvered him in between Susan's legs and pushed him on
top of Susan.  She made sure to insert Bob's erect penis into Susan's pussy. 
Then she released the scarf that had bound his cock.  She then pushed her dildo
deep into Bob and started fucking his ass once more.  Bob in turn was fucking
Susan.  Ty grabbed Bob's head and removed his blindfold.  He was starring
directly into Susan's gagged face.  He realized that Ty must have gotten loose
and now had Susan and Bob at her mercy.  Bob at that moment came and it was
huge, he though he was shooting his insides out.  He didn't even realize he was
cumming into Susan.

	Susan could barely breathe.  Bob's weight and Ty's was crushing her. 
She knew she would have eventually fucked Bob but she never thought it would be
like this.  Ty saw how red Susan's face had turned and pulled Bob off of her. 
Then she removed Bob's gag and force his mouth to Susan's cum soaked pussy.  Bob
licked but the thought of licking his cum didn't sit well in his stomach.  After
a while Ty flipped Bob on his back and sat on his face.  She smiled at Susan and
said, "nice tongue he has."  Then she came a little more dramatic then she had
too but she could tell it bothered Susan.

	Ty then maneuvered them one at a time on to Susan's bed.  She bound
their arms around each other in a silken embrace.  Tie their legs together at
the ankles, knees and thighs.  Wrapped large scarves around their bodies and
even tied their necks together so blindfolds and gags touched.  She left them
tied together facing each other, lying on their sides in Susan's bed.  "Good
night kids; be good."




Silken Dreams in N.J.

part 4


	Ty got up early the next morning feeling guilty.  Susan hardly ever
brings a guy home and now she is in the way.  She was sure that if Bob hung
around she would get her chance later on to make him her bound silk slave.  This
should be Susan's time and it being the last day of a three-day weekend she
would let Susan alone with Bob.  She showered and dressed then quietly entered
Susan's bedroom.  She leaned over close to Susan's ear and whispered; "I'm
leaving for the rest of the day, you enjoy yourself" she kissed Susan lightly on
the cheek and loosened a knot that held her wrists tight.

	Any anger Susan was feeling towards her roommate melted as she freed
herself.  She was stripping away the last of her bonds as she heard to front
door close. She went to work freeing Bob and then had them both shower. Leading
Bob back into her bedroom she dressed him in a sheer silk black thong and rubbed
his cock through the silky material until his member bulged against the thin
material.  Then she reached into the tight fitting thong and tied a black scarf
tight around his cock and balls.  Next she laid him back down on her bed and
tied his four extremities to the bed in a classic spread eagle.  Next Susan put
on a pair of black silk stockings and a satin corset with open cups and garters. 
She tied a very shiny black scarf tight around her neck.  Then she slid up along
side of her bound prize and they kissed.  Tongues darting in and out, lips
meeting and sealing, a long deep passionate kiss that lasted longer then either
one thought it would.  "Will you still obey me?"  "Yes."  Do you like what I do
to you?"  "Very much, yes."  Do you want to make love to me, my way?"  "More
then anything."

	She pulled his thong down that had imprisoned his erect cock and retied
the scarf so that it was just around his balls.  She tied the scarf tight and
his balls started turning purple.  Then she sat on his chest with her ass facing
his face.  She slid her wet pussy down his stomach and then swallowed his cock
with it.  She moaned and pinched her nipples as she slowly started to ride him. 
Bob grunted with pleasure and trust his hips forward.  She started pumping his
cock quicker until he was on the verge of cumming then she pulled off and Bob
groaned in frustration.  She slid backwards until her now soaked pussy covered
Bob's waiting mouth.  His nose also was nuzzled against Susan's rosebud giving
her an extra thrill. As Bob's mouth performed it's magic on her she leaned over
and took one of Bob's purple balls into her mouth and sucked on it.  He moaned
into her pussy.  Then she sucked his cock for a little while just to keep him
good and hard before she sucked on his other nut.  Bob moaned in pleasure and
frustration as Susan's mouth tormented his cock.  He had a very hard time
concentrating on the task at hand, that of pleasuring Susan and at one point she
playfully slapped his very purple balls to get him to focus.  Susan did not
allow herself to cum and as she felt the orgasm rolling in she pulled away from
his mouth.  Slowly she slid up towards Bob's cock but turned this time so they
faced each other.  She ever so slowly impaled herself on his raging hard on. She
wanted to wait to cum and was afraid she was about to, so to Bob's frustration
she pulled back off his cock.  She once more dragged her wet pussy up his body
leaving a trail of her love juice.  She bent and offered a very erect nipple to
Bob's mouth. Bob eagerly sucked the nipple in and lightly bit into it.  Susan
moaned.  After his mouth pleasured one nipple he got to worship the other one. 
Susan once more engulfed his cock with her pussy and started to ride him hard. 
Bob thrust forward at every downward stroke and both were grunting like wild
animals.  Sweat formed on them both, as their grunts grew higher as their
climaxes approached.  Susan let out a soft scream as her orgasm washed over her. 
Bob started to scream soon after when his own orgasm hit.  Susan clamped her
hand over his mouth stifling his scream.

	When they were both calmed down from their climaxes Susan straddled
Bob's face and demanded to be cleaned. She rode his face to a second orgasm. 
"That was real good sweetie, you are a good lay."  She bit into one of his
nipples causing him to verbalize his pain.  "You have been making too much
noise", she stuffed his mouth full with a large scarf then added another scarf
as a cleave gag and blindfolded him.  "There, much better", she said with a
smile.

	The rest of the day was a whirlwind of silk scarves.  Susan placed Bob
in one bondage position after another.  From a hog-tie on the floor to having
him wear pink panties and tying him in front of the window.  Soon it was time
for Bob to leave and Susan prepared him by gagging him and blindfolding him. 
Putting on the tan silk hood, sunglasses and hat, tying his hands behind his
back Bob was ready to be put into her car. Susan loaded Bob into her car and
drove him to his apartment and led him inside.  Once inside she tied one of his
wrists to the headboard and the other to the footboard of his bed.   His feet
still rested on the wooden floor.  Still gagged, hooded and blindfolded Bob's
pants and thong were removed.  Susan lubed up his ass then put her strap-on
around her hips and lubed that too.  Then she fucked Bob long and hard till she
came.  She continued to thrust her dildo deep into Bob as she grabbed a scarf
and started to stroke his cock with it.  Bob came in no time.  She unstrapped
her harness leaving the dildo still buried to the hilt.  The now cum-soaked
scarf was left around his cock. 

	She left an envelope on the bed and loosened one knot.  "Clean yourself
up sweetie. I had a great weekend and if you did too you will follow the
instructions I left." She kissed him on the cheek and left him tied to the bed
with cum dripping on the floor and the strap-on hanging out his ass.

	When Susan got into her car she broke down and cried.  She just left the
man that had given her the greatest sexual weekend of her life.  Did she
overwhelm him?  Will he do what she asked of him?  Would they play again?  Susan
felt sure they would.  Bob and her seemed as one but there still was an
uncertainty and it gnawed at her.

	Bob finally freed himself and cleaned up.  His body was used and abused
but he never felt better.  He feared that this relationship was too good to be
true that maybe Susan would turn out to be a psycho or that he could not live up
to her expectations.  Other then sex did they have things in common?  Would he
get the chance to find out?  He was afraid to open the envelope, what if he
failed her?  What if she asked of him was impossible for him to do? He slowly
with trembling hands opened the envelope.

	Tuesday morning found Bob back at the rat race known as work.  In a suit
and tie he booted up his computer in his cubical and signed on to Yahoo. 
Immediately an off line message appeared, "very good my silk slave, we will play
later.  Be good sweetie." Bob's cock started to harden and it pushed against the
silky thong he wore for her.  His balls tingled in anticipation as the silk pink
scarf tied around them dug a little deeper into the soft flesh of the ball sac.

The End (or if you like, The Beginning)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bound_bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





