BDSM Library - Surprise




Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master plans a surprise for His slave.  Has her taken to an unknown destination and chained to a post.  Left in darkness and silence, blindfolded and trapped, she can only wonder what He has in store...
Surprise



It is three o'clock on a Friday afternoon.  i receive a call from reception;
there is a message for me.  Upon arriving at her desk, the receptionist hands me
a black rose, and a small card that reads: Get your bag, and go downstairs.  A
car is waiting just outside, and I have already cleared it with your boss -
love, Master.

Smiling, i take the card and the rose back to my desk and gather my things. 
When i reach the lobby i see a 6-seater limo parked outside the building, with
the back door open.  As i go to enter the car, i am pulled inside, my eyes
immediately covered.  Inside the car, i can see nothing, but i can hear my
favorite cd playing over the speakers.  i hear the flick of a lighter, and smell
pot burning.  The joint is placed between my lips.

i reach up and take it, toking slowly.  Hands reach around my neck, moving my
hair as a collar is placed around my neck.  It is fastened tightly, making
breathing slightly difficult.  Putting my hands up, i feel my way around the
collar; the metal rings and clasp cool to my touch.  Suddenly, i'm yanked
forward by the lead ring, and someone is kissing me, biting my lip until it
bleeds.  Just as suddenly, i am thrown back against the seat.

From behind me, another set of hands grab my arms, pulling them backwards by the
elbows.  i feel a set of cuffs fastened around my arms, just above the elbows;
then tied together with a short chain.  The hands slowly slide down my arms and
around to my stomach, before travelling up to run lightly over my breasts. 
Pausing at the opening of my blouse, there is a tearing sound and a sharp jolt
as it is ripped away.  i shiver as the hands caress my skin, breathing out a low
moan.  i realize there are at least two men in the car with me, as the second
leans forward to bathe my breasts with his tongue.  i feel him taking a nipple
between his teeth, rolling it gently before biting down, hard.  i gasp in
surprise and pain. i hear a low laugh, and another sharp pain in my other
nipple. i start to bow my head, but the man behind me jerks my head upright, and
yanks back on the chain between the elbow cuffs.  My back arches, and i cry out
again.  i feel a tug on my nipple again, as the first man roughly attaches
clamps to either.  A chain is strung between these as well, and is pulled, hard.

The car slows to a stop; about an hour has passed since we left downtown.  The
door is opened, and i am helped out of the car, each man holding a chain.  A
lead is attached to the collar, and the other end is hooked to the chain running
between the clamps on my nipples.  i am led up a walkway by this chain, the man
holding it tugging, pulling me along by the clamps.  Following blindly, i am led
into the house, down a flight of stairs.  i hear a door being unlocked, and i am
led over to a square pillar.  One man removes the chain and cuffs from my
elbows, pulling my hands around in front of me The second man removes the rest
of my clothing.  The cuffs and chain are reattached, and i am pulled up onto my
toes.  i hear the soft clink of metal, realizing that the chain has been
attached to a hook set up in the pillar.  It is cold down here; i feel my
nipples harden in the chill air.  The next thing i hear is the door closing!  My
mind starts spinning; Omg, i've been left half naked in a freezing, completely
black room!

My imagination takes hold, and i smile slowly, thinking of the possibilities
here.  Images and thoughts of what You are going to do to me run through my
mind.  An hour passes, then two, then three (or so it seems); i start panicking. 
My arms are killing me, and i am trembling in the freezing air.  Not to mention
the fact that i can't see a fucking thing!  Another stretch of time passes; just
when i think i'm actually going to pass out, i hear the door opening.  
"Master?" i call out hesitantly.  There is no answer.  "Master, please, if it is
You, say something?"  The only sound is of footsteps slowly crossing the floor. 
Suddenly, the sharp CRAAAAACK of a whip breaks the silence, and i jump.  i sense
You close to me, just before the warmth of Your lips and tongue runs slowly over
the back of my shoulders and neck.  Smiling, i breathe in slowly.  You pull back
suddenly, and i can hear You running the falls of a flogger thru Your fingers. 
Shivering slightly in anticipation, i smile @ You over my shoulder.  i can sense
You, but You stand, motionless, watching me for several minutes.  i start
fidgeting against the pillar.  Without any warning except the swish of the falls
thru the air, i feel the sting against my ass.  i jerk sharply, biting down the
pain.  Fast and hard, You thrash me, from my shoulders to my knees until i can't
hold my cries in anymore.  i scream once, and go limp, sobbing quietly. 
Standing back for a moment, You look at me; the welts already rising and
coloring.  i sense You come up behind me, gently kissing the back of my neck as
You reach around to run a finger up my pussy, pressing just above my clit and
rubbing circles around it.  i lean into You, sighing happily.    i love You,
Master i whisper softly, turning to kiss You.  My skin is burning; i can feel
each and every welt on me.  May i cum for You, Master? I whisper, moving against
Your fingers.  "Beg for it, my little bitch," You answer back, biting down on my
neck. Shaking, almost in tears, i beg You to let me cum..."Please, Master,
please let me cum for You? Please omg please, Master?"  My body is trembling
violently, my sex soft and soaking wet under Your touch. "Harder, bitch, I don't
think you want it badly enough yet" You laugh, pressing harder on my clit. 
Unable to stand it anymore, i burst into tears, limp against the pillar. 
"Please, please Master please omg please!!!!!!! i sob, writhing under Your
fingers

"Now, my bitch cum for me!"     i explode under Your touch, releasing my orgasm
with a low cry of pleasure.  My body shudders, and i feel a thin sheen of sweat
rise on my skin as i cum.  Tense and shaking for several minutes, i finally
relax against You, smiling.  You reach up and release the cuffs, turning me
around and taking me in Your arms.  "Absolutely beautiful, my little bitch" You
say, kissing me.  Smiling at the clamps still on my nipples, You reach forward
and grab the chain.  My eyes go wide, then shut tightly as I tense.  i scream as
You rip the clamps off by the chain.  i open them again; staring into Your eyes
and smiling.  Reaching around and grabbing the back of my hair, You pull me
around facing away from You, and throw me to the floor. 

Straddling me from behind, You take hold of my hair again, yanking backwards. 
My head snaps up and You lean forward to whisper in my ear "I am gonna fuck yer
ass till it bleeds and you're beggin for mercy, my little bitch!"  Shaking in
fear, i listen as You toss Your jeans aside.  You run a hand slowly over my ass,
tracing the welts with a finger.  Moving to my asshole, You run Your finger
around the rim before shoving it in roughly.  i gasp as sweat forms and rolls on
my skin.  Releasing my hair, You lean over me, kissing the back of my neck and
shoulders.  i can feel Your cock against my skin, hard and warm.  You sit back,
and i feel You placing the head against my ass.  Reaching forward, You grab my
hair again, and as You yank my head back, You drive Your cock into my ass.  i
scream n pain, trying to get away from You.  You yank on my hair again, and i go
limp.  You slam into me, laughing as i cry quietly.  I can feel the tender skin
ripping and bleeding with every thrust.  My body burns agonizingly; i bite down
on my lip, stubbornly refusing to beg You to stop

Determined to hear me scream in pain, You fuck me harder, pulling my head so far
back i have to raise myself with my arms.  Tears stream down my face, and i
start to beg quietly.  "What's that, little bitch?? I can't hear you?"  "please,
Master, please, no more" i sob quietly  "I can't take anymore, please stop?"  
You laugh, fucking me even harder  "scream for me, you little fucking cunt!
Scream and beg for mercy!"  " OOOOOOhhhhh Master, please, please, You're HURTING
ME!!!"  My head swims in pain, fading to black and back into focus again once,
twice.  You release my hair, and i fall forward, smacking my head on the cold
stone floor as i go limp.  i lie there, screaming, begging You to stop; the only
sound besides my cries the SLAP of flesh against flesh.  Finally satisfied, You
shove me forward, and my head strikes the concrete again.  Grabbing the back of
my neck, You drag me to my feet; i hang in Your grasp like a rag doll, tears
sliding down my pale cheeks. 

Picking up the chain again, You string it thru the cuffs, pulling me back over
to the pillar.  Facing You this time, You reattach the chain to the hook,
smiling at me.  You reach out and run Your fingertips softly over my neck,
tracing the line of my shoulders.  Trailing slowly, You trace around my breasts,
smiling into my eyes as they soften, and I relax under Your touch.  You lean in
and kiss me, slow and deep, then step back.  Reaching behind You, You produce a
beautiful dagger, silver w/ a black leather bound handle.  i smile at You, my
eye on the glint of candlelight shining off the sharp blade.  Moving in closer,
You run just the tip of the blade over my entire body, from my forehead to my
sex, digging in, here and there, smiling as i gasp with each dig.  Pausing at my
clit, You press the point of the dagger in, hard, and roll it in circles. 
Straining against the chain, i squirm, a thin line of wetness gleaming silver in
the light as it runs down my thigh.  A soft moan escapes me, and You smile up at
me, pressing harder.  "What do you want, little bitch?" You ask quietly.  i look
down at You, my dark eyes pleading with You;  "Cut me, Master, please??  Please
let me offer You my life?"  Nodding silently, smiling just a lil, You move the
dagger down to the point where my thigh and my sex meet.  Quickly, You drive the
dagger into the soft flesh, and slowly draw it down.  i bite my lip, my body
taut and sweating.   i feel the blood flow and sense You leaning in to taste it.

My head rolls on my shoulders and i go entirely limp as You feed on me.  A soft
smile crosses my face.  Sated, You stand and kiss me, allowing me to taste the
mixture of my blood and cum on your lips and tongue.  i smile at You as You pull
away.  "i love You, Master"  i whisper softly.  You return the smile, crossing
to a low table.   Looking carefully at the array of whips n floggers, You select
a short whip.  Grinning at me evilly, You test it a few times, the SNAP loud in
the enclosed room.  Moving around in front of me You smile.  "I love you too, my
little bitch" Swiftly You snap the whip across my torso, and i scream......."I'm
gonna whip your breasts until they are red with blood tonight, my love" 
Mercilessly, You continue to thrash me, my body convulsing with every blow. 
Screaming, i beg You for release.  My body is shaken as much with my need to cum
as from the pain of the whip.  You laugh and thrash me harder.  I am almost
hoarse from my screamin when You stop and look at me, sweating and breathing
slowly and heavily.  "NOW" You say, and i release my pent-up orgasm in a flood,
sobbing in relief.  "Thank you for your gift of pain, Master, thank You for
permission to cum for You.  Your bitch hopes she has pleased You this night"  i
dangle from the chain, my arms numb, my body flushed with the afterglow of my
orgasm.

Moving forward, kissing me gently, You take me off the hook.  You remove the
chain, cuffs, and collar, and take me in Your arms.  Lifting me gently, You move
me over to the sofa, bathing and dressing the welts that cover me, front and
back, from my shoulders to my ass.  Standing, You remove Your pants, and cover
me with Your warmth.  Slowly, gently, holding me close, You fuck me.  i run my
hands over your skin, feeling the hardness of muscle just below the surface. 
Pulling You into me, i close down on You, feeling You throbbing inside of me. 
Slowly, softly, my nails dug deep into Your back i cum with You, sighing with
pleasure.   i look up at You and kiss You, smiling into Your eyes.  You look
down at me and say.............

Surprise!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SATANS(witch)


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





