BDSM Library - Christopher's Predicament




Christopher's Predicament
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young man suffers as the subject of his sister's nursing school project. Not for the Squeamish!
Christopher's Predicament 
by Tyjord 
tyjord@hotmail.com 
Warning: Not for the squeamish! 



    The sound woke him from the restless half sleep he 
had come to accept as rest. He assumed his sister was 
doing something to cause the noise that roused him from 
another uncomfortable night. Of course, blinded by the 
sleep mask, he had no way of knowing for sure. He 
squirmed on the bed, more to let her know he was awake 
than anything else, wrists and ankles pulling at the 
locked leather cuffs and chains which held him rigidly 
in position. His inability to move his arms or legs more 
than an inch was the root cause of his lack of a good 
night's sleep; something he hadn't had since his sister 
started chaining him to his bed a little over four 
months ago. 

   "Good morning Christopher," she said, apparently 
standing directly over his prone form. 

   He gurgled an unintelligible response from behind the 
rubber plug gag that she filled his mouth with every 
night. It was a futile attempt, even though this was one 
of the less severe gags she used on him regularly, but 
she expected it, and he knew better than to disappoint 
her. He blinked against the morning sunlight as his 
blindfold was removed. Adjusting to the light, he saw 
his sister, Rebecca, standing next to his bed, smiling 
down at him. Next to her was a medical I.V. stand, with 
a filled rubber bag hanging from the hook. Chris 
squirmed a bit in anticipation, not knowing where the 
free end of the dangling tube was going to be placed. He 
had been on the receiving end before, and dreaded each 
of the four options. He watched as she raised the stand 
higher, causing the same noise which had awoken him. 

   Lifting the end of the hose, Rebecca turned back 
towards the bed. "OK little brother," she said as she 
nonchalantly swung the end of the tube around her 
finger, "you have a big day ahead of you, and we need to 
get started." She pushed the end of the tube onto a 
small attachment sticking out form the center of his gag 
strap. Chris didn't know whether to be relieved or 
fearful over the fact that she hadn't decided to stick 
it elsewhere. 

   "Breakfast is served," she said with a smile as she 
opened the clip on the tube. The boy braced himself as 
the now free flowing liquid moved down the tube.  "Like 
I said, it's going to be a big day so we have to make 
sure your needs are taken care of and out of the way. 
This solution contains all the nutrition you'll need for 
the next 24-48 hours. This way we won't have to worry 
about feeding you again. 

   Christopher wretched as the fluid hit the back of his 
throat. He never got used to the initial choking feeling 
despite all of the times Rebecca fed him this way. Once 
he became accustomed to the flow and was swallowing to 
keep up, he realized this method was infinitely better 
than the times she had used stomach and naso-gastric 
tubes on him. 

   Rebecca watched carefully to make sure her younger 
brother didn't choke on his meal. Whenever he seemed to 
be gagging to much, she adjusted the clip to slow the 
flow down a bit. "You may have noticed a different taste 
this time. I added a strong laxative and diuretic to the 
mix. Trust me," she smiled sweetly, "you'll thank me 
later." 

   As Christopher continued to swallow, his sister took 
the opportunity to go through her ritualistic morning 
check of his body. She ran her hands over him, checking 
for signs of hair growth. She was adamant about his 
staying clean and smooth. Body hair was not tolerated. 
Satisfied that even his trouble areas had remained hair 
free, Rebecca moved to his groin, taking a moment to 
unlock the small padlock that held his chastity belt 
firmly in place. 

   Chris groaned between swallows as his sister 
unbuckled the waist strap and lifted off the hard 
plastic cup surrounding his private parts. Methodically, 
she surveyed his now exposed groin. Her nurse's hands 
checking him over thoroughly. She touched his flaccid 
penis, circled by two metal rings, one at the base of 
the shaft, the other just under the head. His member was 
stretched and curved downward, pulled between his two 
testicles that were also ringed by metal bands, albeit 
individually, his shaft fitting right in the groove 
created by his separated balls, the band under his cock 
head attached to the back of a third ring that encircled 
both of his balls. Rebecca stroked the shaft gently for 
several minutes, carefully watching her brother's 
reactions. By now the boy had finished his breakfast, 
the rubber bag hanging limply from it's hook.  
Christopher was breathing deeply through his nose, his 
eyes rolled back as his sister continued her attentions. 


   She watched as his restrained penis struggled to 
erect, the complicated chastity device preventing 
anything more than a slight twitching. Satisfied that 
any sort of sexual gratification remained out of the 
question, Rebecca ended her ministrations, listening 
intently as her brother moaned in frustration. 

   His enforced chastity was just one aspect of his 
radically changed lifestyle. Chris had been 16 and 
Rebecca 21 when their parents had died. Being an adult 
and sole legal heir to all of their parents assets, 
Rebecca had attained guardianship over her high school 
aged brother. At first, Chris had enjoyed quite a bit of 
freedom as his sister started nursing school and became 
preoccupied with her studies. It wasn't long however, 
before typical teenage behavior and rebellion began 
manifesting themselves in her brother. His rambunctious 
behavior at school began spreading to their home life, 
causing distractions that Rebecca began to notice 
despite her workload. By the time he turned 17, 
Christopher was failing most of his classes and spending 
the majority of his time with buddies and girlfriends. 
Despite numerous attempts to convince her brother of his 
dangerous path, Rebecca's speeches and threats did 
nothing to tame her stud of a brother and quell his 
behavioral problems. 

   It had been easy enough for her to spike one of his 
drinks with a powerful sedative. After he passed out, 
she quickly stripped him and locked the chastity cup 
around his groin. Rebecca hoped that taking control of 
his rampant teenage hormones would lead to bringing him 
under control. Once he woke up, his hostility was met 
with strength and resolve. She explained her beliefs and 
told him that by locking up his genitals, she would 
relieve him of the distraction they presented. 
Amazingly, all of his bluster seemed to drain away from 
him at that point. It was as though he had just been 
waiting for a firm hand to take away his poor decision 
making abilities. Having seemingly reached an epiphany, 
Chris accepted his sister's warning's about trying to 
remove the locked belt. 

   For several months, the boy's grades improved and he 
slowly extricated himself from his circle of friends. 
Although the dating problem was tougher, Chris was an 
extremely good looking boy, the existence of the 
chastity belt brought most occurrences to a premature 
ending. He ended his senior year successfully, his proud 
sister looking on at graduation. That night, as a gift, 
she removed his belt for the night. The next morning, 
which also happened to be his 18th birthday, when she 
entered his room, to wake him, she was horrified to 
catch him in the middle of masturbating. He stammered 
some feeble excuses, but Rebecca just turned and walked 
out. 

   That night, their meal was eaten in silence until she 
passed a large, wrapped gift box in front of him. "Happy 
birthday," she had said stoically. The boy had just 
enough time to open the present and look in confusion at 
the mass of leather and metal before passing out from 
another dose of her sedative which she had secreted in 
his meal. 

He awoke in the basement, naked and in chains, with a 
rubber ball gag filling his mouth. His ankles were 
chained apart and to the floor, while his wrists were 
cuffed together and pulled up towards the ceiling, 
forcing him up onto his toes. He struggled weakly 
against his bonds, confused and more than a bit 
frightened. Realizing his struggles were futile, Chris 
gave up and hung limply, trying to keep his weight on 
his toes to relieve the pull on his aching arms and 
shoulders.  It seemed like hours had passed before he 
heard someone coming down the stairs. His sister just 
looked at him in the dim light of the basement. 

   "Look at what you've forced me to do," she said 
sadly. "For the last year an a half I've tried to raise 
you properly, teach you right from wrong, and mold you 
into the type of young man Mom and dad would be proud 
of." She walked behind him and continued. "But no matter 
what I did, you refused to obey. You just could not 
control yourself." 

   The boy tried to look around to see where she had 
gone, but he was too efficiently restrained.  "Now I'm 
forced to take more, shall we say, drastic steps to 
ensure your well being." She came back around in front 
of him. She was now holding a long, thin stick, slapping 
it into her palm. "I'm going to make this short and 
sweet, and I won't be going over it again, so pay 
attention little brother." She struck out suddenly with 
the switch, hitting him across his right thigh. He 
screamed into his gag, drool dripping from the rubber 
intruder. 

   "Now that I have your undivided attention...Welcome 
to your new life. Now that you are 18, I'm going to take 
a much more strict approach to your behavioral problems. 
Legally, I'm your guardian until you reach 21 when your 
portion of our inheritance kicks in. Until then you have 
no rights, no say in anything. Do exactly as you're 
told, and things will go easier for you. Disobey in any 
way and...well, you'll see I'm sure." She swung the 
stick in the air to emphasize her point. 

   "I want you to understand, Christopher," her tone 
softened dramatically as she moved closer to her 
helpless brother. "I'm doing this for your own good. I 
love you and I swore that I would raise you properly in 
the absence of Mom and dad. I can't let you end up a 
failure, in jail or with a bunch of kids calling you 
"daddy" just because you can't control yourself. Make no 
mistake, this will be difficult for you. You will have 
no control over any part of your life. I will control 
everything, from your movements, what you eat, even your 
bodily functions will no longer be up to you. You just 
have to relax and go with it. Oh, and don't think you 
won't have to earn your keep. I'm still going to finish 
nursing school and you are going to make yourself useful 
by being my in home test subject. Very convenient, don't 
you think?" 

   Chris just groaned into his gag wondering exactly 
what his sister had in mind. It hadn't taken long for 
him to find out. While strung up and stretched out, 
Rebecca subjected her brother to his first full body 
shave. She explained to him that patients needed to be 
kept clean and sanitary at all times, and the removal of 
unnecessary body hair was the first step. She had been 
careful and thorough, not missing an inch as her wide 
eyed brother just hung helplessly in his bonds. It was a 
time consuming process, and Rebecca went slowly, 
ensuring that not a single hair was left on his body. 
Legs, arms, back, chest, groin, and butt were all 
scraped clean by her razor and professional touch. She 
even removed the hair growing between his ass cheeks and 
around his anus. A process so embarrassing that the 
violated boy almost fainted during the deed. 

   Once finished, with no hair remaining on him save for 
what was on his head, Rebecca rubbed a special hair 
growth inhibiting lotion all over her brother's body. 
Satisfied with her work, she rolled over a full length 
mirror so that Christopher could view the results while 
the lotion dried. She left him as he stared at the image 
of the hairless boy in front of him. He felt more naked 
than ever before, his bare skin tingling with every 
movement as air passed over his completely uncovered 
skin. 

   Rebecca returned after a while and, after pushing the 
mirror aside, went back to work on her brother. "Now 
we're going to more effectively take care of that little 
distraction between your legs." He squirmed a bit as she 
fit the rings around his now hairless balls, but was 
unable to prevent the imprisonment of his genitals. Once 
his testicles had been separated, his penis ringed with 
the metal bands, pulled back and locked to the underside 
of his balls, Rebecca stood back, proudly surveying her 
work. "There, now you don't have to worry about any of 
those juvenile urges of yours. Those bands will make 
short work of any attempt at an erection. And not 
comfortably I might add. 

   Chris just choked back a sob, more drool running down 
his cheek, as his sister picked up the old cup and belt 
device he had been forced to wear. "Don't worry little 
brother, this is going back on. Since you can't get any 
results anymore, I see even less of a reason for there 
to be any access to your privates." She smiled cruelly 
as she turned the belt around. "I did make a change 
though. I had to add something that would ensure you 
would stay completely sex free." 

   The boy started squirming violently as she showed him 
her addition. Now attached to the strap that ran from 
the bottom of the cup, through his butt cheeks, and up 
to the back of the waist strap was a huge rubber dildo. 
She picked up a small bottle of baby oil and moved 
behind the boy. "Now this little plug serves two 
purposes. First, it keeps you from playing for the other 
team, if you know what I mean. No sex for you Chris, of 
any kind, until I say you are ready. Second, it'll give 
me control of whatever needs to come out of...or go 
into...your rear end." He felt some oil get squirted 
onto his freshly shaved anus, followed by a slight 
burning as Rebecca pushed the tip of the bottle inside 
of him. "Normally, I would prep you a little more gently 
with my finger first, but I'm not too happy with you 
right now so, no easy way out for you." With that said, 
she squeezed the remainder of the oil into his rectum. 
Next he felt a slight pressure as she pushed the head of 
the flesh toned monster cock against his anal ring. 
Then, with slow and deliberate force, she began sliding 
the nine inch dildo into him. 

   Hanging helplessly in his restraints, Chris could do 
nothing as the rubber intruder was forced deep into his 
bowels. Rebecca encountered some resistance, but with 
steady pressure, managed to insert the dildo until her 
brother's anus closed around the tapered end of the 
plug. She then drew the rest of the strap up, pulled it 
tight through the back of the waist belt, buckled it in 
place, and locked the whole thing with a small padlock. 
"There you go, Chris, complete chastity." The boy could 
only groan in response. "Oh, I forgot something," she 
said as Christopher felt more movement behind him. "Hang 
on a sec...there we go..." 

   Chris yelped past his gag as the dildo buried inside 
of him grew thicker. "As you can no doubt tell, it 
inflates," Rebecca said gleefully as she moved back in 
front of the boy. "That's just a sample, to help keep 
the oil inside of you. It gets much bigger." With that 
she had left him to spend the rest of the night chained, 
gagged and plugged. 

   Since that night, Rebecca has made good on all of her 
promises. Kept in some form of restraint at all times, 
Christopher had indeed become her helpless practice 
patient. Over the next few months, the nurse in training 
tried every procedure she learned on her not so willing 
helper. Most were uncomfortable, some were painful, but 
all were embarrassing. Catheters, enemas, nasal and 
gastric tubes; all had become a part of the boy's new 
life. Acceptance and submission became the norm as 
Christopher quickly discovered that failure to obey led 
to incredibly harsh punishments. 

   It wasn't long before Chris discovered that he hated 
enemas. Every aspect of these demeaning procedures made 
him quake in fear. From the first night when his sister 
had left the entire contents of the baby oil bottle in 
his bowels, he knew he could not tolerate them. Rebecca 
however, enjoyed them tremendously, giving them that is, 
and when she took notice of Chris' dislike, decided to 
use them as a main form of punishment. The threat alone 
of a huge retention enema was enough to immediately put 
an end to any disobedience, although they were rarely 
just threats. 

   Sexual teasing became a standard practice of 
Rebecca's wake up and put to bed procedures for her 
brother. She used her daily body hair inspection as an 
opportunity to torment Chris into a state of never 
ending frustration. In the evening, after strapping him 
into her position of choice for the night, she would 
remove his cup and fondle his captured manhood. Unable 
to orgasm, or even get a full erection, the boy would 
thrash around as much as his bondage would allow until 
his sister achieved her desired level of torment. She 
would then replace the cup, kiss him on the forehead and 
leave him for the night. 

   Today's teasing didn't end as usual with the 
replacement of the cup. Instead, she left his genitals 
fully restrained, but exposed. Moving quickly now, she 
removed the tube from his gag, allowing it to dangle 
freely underneath the drained red rubber bag. Next, she 
unlocked his wrists and, turning him over, re-locked 
them behind his back. Disconnecting his ankles from the 
footboard, she had him rise from the bed that had so 
effectively held him prisoner.  Stomach full from his 
feeding and legs wobbly from his night of strict 
immobility, Christopher moved with difficulty as his 
sister hurriedly ushered him out of his room and down 
the hall. Dread built inside of him as they stopped in 
front of the largest bathroom in the house. His fears 
were fully realized when she opened the door, allowing 
him to see what was waiting within. 

   Two huge enema bags, each containing 2 quarts of 
water, were hanging, six feet apart, down from hooks 
embedded in the ceiling in the middle of the white tiled 
room. Chris backed up a bit as panic set in, inviting a 
firm slap to his rear from his sister. "Come on Chris, I 
don't have time to play around. If you don't obey me, 
you'll just make things worse for yourself." She gave 
him a shove, forcing him into the cold, sterile room. 
She positioned him in-between and just forward of the 
twin bags, facing away from them and towards the door. 
Kneeling down, Rebecca had her brother spread his legs 
until they were 4 feet apart, allowing her to attach his 
ankle cuffs to rings set in the floor. Next, she grabbed 
a chain that was dangling from a pulley situated on the 
ceiling directly over his position and between the enema 
bags, and locked it to his wrist cuffs. Walking to the 
side of the room, she began pulling down on the other 
end of the chain, causing the boy's arms to rise behind 
his back. 

   Chris grunted his discomfort loudly through his gag, 
causing his sister to stop the pulley with his arms now 
parallel to the floor. Opening one of the nearby cabinet 
drawers, Rebecca removed another device and approached 
her brother. She quickly unlocked his plug gag and 
pulled the saliva covered rubber piece from his mouth. 
"Almost forgot, can't have you spending the day in your 
sleep gag. Too much noise." With that she shoved the 
new, much more restrictive gag into his mouth. Knowing 
what to expect, Chris opened wide to accept the new 
mouthpiece, which consisted of a longer, thicker plug 
plus two smaller side pieces that pressed against his 
cheeks. The attached strap was tightened and locked 
behind his head, sealing the foul tasting rubber in 
place. Next, she attached an inflation bulb to the gag 
and pumped it up until her brother's cheeks expanded, 
his eyes grew wide with fear and discomfort, and not a 
sound escaped from his mouth. "That's better," she said 
as she moved back to the chain to resume her task. 

   Now that his arms were parallel to the floor, 
Christopher had to bend forward at the waist to prevent 
his arms from dislocating. The pulling continued until 
his chest was now parallel to the floor and his arms 
were pulled straight up, perpendicular to the floor. 
Satisfied with her brother's tense and uncomfortable 
position, Rebecca locked off the chain to prevent 
slippage and moved back behind the boy. "One more peep 
or whimper out of you, and I'll strap your elbows 
together. We know how good that'll feel don't we?" 
Unwilling to suffer that added pain, Chris clamped his 
moth down as tightly as possible on the unyielding 
rubber balloon filling his orifice. 

   Satisfied with the silence in the room, Rebecca then 
attached the inflation bulb to her brother's anal dildo, 
pumping it up until she knew it was at it's maximum 
length and girth, stretching and filling his rectum 
completely. Detaching the bulb, she picked up both tubes 
that were hanging from the mouths of the enema bags. One 
tube was already fed into a Y-shaped adapter, and 
Rebecca quickly fit the other tube into the open end. 
She then grasped the single tube extension and slipped 
it onto an input nozzle sticking out from the base of 
the boy's plug. Positive that there was no way he could 
interfere with or even reach the tubes, Rebecca opened 
the two clips slightly and started the bags on a slow 
drip into her brother's bowels. 

   A long plastic catheter was the next thing Rebecca 
added to Christopher's predicament. Even as the boy felt 
the liquid start to make it's presence known inside of 
him, he squirmed as much as he could as the 14 inch long 
tube was unceremoniously slid into his urethra. Several 
more pumps from the inflation bulb and the retention 
balloon was full, sealing it inside his bladder. A small 
clamp was added to ensure that no urine would leave his 
body. 

   "All right," she said to him, "I have to go out for a 
couple of hours. I'm meeting some people from school for 
an early lunch, then we're all going to come back here 
to work on a project we came up with." She saw the dread 
in her brother's eyes at the mention of bringing people 
home with her. She had used him often as a subject for 
her practice and study, but had never included others in 
his torment. Smiling at his realization and distress, 
she moved back over to the cabinets and retrieved 
another implement. "Don't worry hon, they already know 
all about you, and they are very eager to have you help 
us with our project." He squirmed anew as she placed the 
blindfold over his eyes and buckled it in place. "There, 
that should help to alleviate some of the stress when we 
get back later. Now I know your current position is a 
bit more uncomfortable than usual for a day spent on 
your own, but trust me, you'll be very grateful later on 
that I'm cleaning you out before we start later 
tonight." She checked over his restraints, ensuring that 
everything was secure, then moved back to the enema bags 
and opened the clips all the way, allowing the fluid to 
flow at full force into Chris' helpless body. She then 
walked out of the room, shutting the light and closing 
the door behind her. 

   Trapped in darkness and strenuous immobility, 
Christopher had no idea how much time had passed. His 
arms, shoulders, and lower back were under severe strain 
from his position, and his bowels felt like they were 
going to explode from the gallon of liquid his sister 
had run into him. As horrible as the enema was, he knew 
it was worse thanks to the laxative Rebecca had added to 
his morning meal. The cramping was intense with almost 
no time in-between the waves of agony that passed 
through him. Added to that was the fact that he had been 
deprived of a morning urination, his nightly build up of 
piss coupled with the diuretic also fed to him, causing 
his bladder to burn for release in ways he never felt 
before. 

   Finally, after what felt like an eternity of 
believing he couldn't stand it for one more minute, the 
sound of the opening door shocked Chris out of his pain 
wracked stupor. "There he is ladies, all ready to help 
us out." His sister's voice echoed through the stark 
room and encouraged him to start squirming madly against 
his bonds. A newfound rush of energy filled him as the 
hope of release seemed possible and the need to convey 
his plight overwhelming any other sensation. 

   "Rebecca," an older sounding female voice intoned, 
"what have you done? Is he retaining an enema right 
now?" 

   "Yes, I thought a good deep cleaning would help with 
the test." 

   "How?" 

   "Well, he'll be so empty after he releases this 
enema, that his capacity will be much greater." 

   "Uh, guys," a new voice, also female but younger 
sounding, added, "he seems to want out pretty badly." 

   At least someone noticed, Chris thought, too 
preoccupied to care that there were now two strangers 
seeing him naked, bound, and full. 

   "Hush Crystal," the slightly older voice said, "he's 
been like that for at least four hours, another few 
minutes won't kill him." Christopher's heart sank as he 
realized nothing was going to change unless these women 
wanted it. He stopped squirming, exhaustion and despair 
winning out. Suddenly he bit down on his thick rubber 
gag as yet another cramp seized his insides. 

   "Okay Becca, I see your thought pattern, but did you 
consider that once he's cleaned out, his motivation 
during the test will be gone?" 

  "No," Rebecca replied, "I hadn't thought of that. I'm 
sorry Kathy, I ruined our project." 

   "I have an idea," the younger sounding girl 
interrupted, "come outside for a minute." 

   Chris heard the three women leave and shut the door. 
He was aware of some hushed voices coming from the 
hallway, but couldn't make out any of what was said. The 
door opened suddenly amidst excited talk and laughter. 
"Whew," Rebecca said, "I thought the project was 
finished." 

   "No, Crystal's idea will work fine. It just means a 
little extra work for us in the prep stages." The one 
called Kathy continued, "we have a lot to do, so let's 
get him brought downstairs so we can start." 

   Moving quickly, the three women set about releasing 
Chris from his bondage. Kathy lowered the chain holding 
his arms in position, while the boy's sister and Crystal 
held onto each of his arms, preventing him from falling. 
A muffled groan escaped from behind the restrictive gag 
piece as the boy's unnaturally bent arms moved back into 
a more normal position. The two women continued to 
support him as Kathy bent down to unlock his widely 
spread feet. 

   "Wow," Crystal said, "he sure is a hottie Becca. I've 
never seen a boy with a completely hairless body before. 
It looks fantastic. How old is he again?" 

   "Same age as you, eighteen," she turned to her 
brother, "isn't that right sweetie?"  The women laughed 
together, not waiting for a response. "Kath, make sure 
you hobble his ankles together for the trip to the 
basement. No more than a foot of chain between them." 

   "Already done." Like a ragdoll in their hands, the 
still filled boy was dragged, stumbling out of the 
bathroom, down the stairs and into the basement. He felt 
the damp, chill air and the cold, hard concrete on his 
feet as he was maneuvered through the room. He hated the 
basement. It was the place that his sister had 
designated and equipped as her experimentation and, when 
needed, punishment room. The basement meant only 
suffering and humiliation to the boy, and he dreaded the 
thought of what was about to come. 

   The room was equipped with all sorts of medical 
paraphernalia, including a combination examination table 
- dentist's chair in the center. Rolling medical carts 
filled with various implements were lined up against the 
far wall, with enema bags, tubes and nozzles of all 
sizes hanging above. In contrast to the stark, sterile 
medical equipment, the rest of the room seemed to be a 
well stocked dungeon. The walls were covered with hooks 
holding hoods, gags, whips, and numerous restraining 
devices. In one corner was a metal cage, bolted to two 
walls and the floor. Christopher had spent many nights 
in this "observation room" as his sister called it. It 
wasn't long enough for the occupant to stretch out, or 
tall enough to sit up straight in, so obviously comfort 
was not meant to be observed. 

   Judging from a lack of talking, Chris assumed the two 
new women had already been down here, and became 
extremely nervous over what plans they had in store for 
him. He doubled over suddenly as yet another cramp 
wrenched through him. The two women lowered him to the 
floor, allowing him to squirm beneath them. As the cramp 
finally began to ease, Chris heard some movement as 
items were positioned around him. 

   "Okay, get him up to a sitting position on the edge 
of the canister," Kathy directed the other two. "You 
ladies empty him while I prep the stocks and the rest of 
the solution." 

   Christopher had no idea what the older, obviously in 
charge woman was talking about, but he knew it wouldn't 
be pleasant. He felt the other two women lift him up 
once again and maneuver him into a sitting position on 
the hard edge of a large metal 
can of some kind. A chain was lowered from the ceiling 
and an attached collar was locked around his neck, 
followed by the chain being pulled taught. His feet were 
once again locked to the floor, while his wrists were 
connected to another chain coming up from the floor 
behind the can. Once the women were done, Christopher 
was held immobile in a sitting position, his head held 
straight up by the pressure on his neck. 

   "Can we take of his blindfold now?" Rebecca called 
across the room to Kathy. "He hates enemas, and being 
forced to expel one in front of people other than me 
will do wonders for his submissive nature." 

   "Sure, if Crystal doesn't mind either," Kathy called 
back from by the sink in another corner of the room. 

   "I don't mind, I want him to see me," Crystal said 
huskily, obviously excited. "And I want to see his 
eyes." 

   Rebecca moved behind her bound brother and, 
unbuckling the blindfold, pulled it away from the boy's 
eyes.  After hours of forced darkness, Chris blinked 
against even the dim light of the basement. Once his 
sight returned to normal, he found himself looking right 
into the eyes of one of the most beautiful girls he had 
ever seen. Chris blushed deeply as the blonde haired 
beauty looked him over. Unable to move his head, Chris 
lowered his eyes in shame, embarrassed at his appearance 
before the eighteen year old whom he guessed was 
Crystal. 

   "Look at me sweet heart," the young girl cooed, "and 
keep those eyes open." 

   "Better do as she says little brother," Rebecca 
chimed in, "we have ways of keeping your eyes open as 
well as closed if we want." 

   Chris shuddered at the memory of an incident a few 
weeks prior, when his sister had tied him to a chair and 
tried out some clamps used for keeping eyes open during 
surgery. He remembered the horrible feeling of his upper 
and lower eyelids stretched open exposing his eyeballs. 
His muscles fought uselessly against the clamps as he 
attempted to blink and moisten his dry, burning eyes. 
She had left him like that for just over two hours 
before she released him. Having no desire to repeat that 
torture, Chris looked up at the girl before him. 

   "Good boy," she said excitedly. "He has lovely blue 
eyes. They make a nice contrast against his black hair. 
But I can't tell if he's really as cute as he seems, not 
with his cheeks bulging out from the gag. Can we take it 
out for a minute, or at least deflate it a bit?" 

   "No, not yet," Rebecca said as she snapped on a pair 
of latex gloves. "He can be very whiny at times. 
Besides, once he's all set up, you'll have a great view 
of his face. For a little while at least." 

"Okay," Crystal responded, disappointed just slightly. 
She moved out of the way as the boy's sister came 
closer. Rebecca's rubber gloved hands were holding a 
length of clear plastic tubing which she quickly slid 
onto the end of her brother's catheter. Slipping the 
other end into the canister, she opened the clamp, 
allowing Christopher's long held urine to flow out of 
his painfully full bladder. 

   "Nice and dark," Kathy said, joining the other two as 
the shamed boy drained. "You used the diuretic, I 
gather?" 

   "Yes. That plus no release in almost 16 hours makes 
for a strong brew." Crystal chuckled at Rebecca's 
answer. 

   Once his bladder drained completely into the metal 
can he was sitting on, the tube was removed and the 
catheter re-clamped. Rebecca then reached down, between 
the boy's legs, found the deflation valve on her 
brother's anal plug, and released the air from inside. 
Quickly, Kathy unbuckled the part of the chastity belt 
that kept the dildo in place. With a swift move, Rebecca 
yanked the rubber monster out, extracting it and her 
hand just before the explosive release that followed. 

   Christopher sobbed openly as he looked at the three 
women standing before him. Forced to perform this most 
intimate task in front of them totally decimated the 
boy. His embarrassment ebbed as relief from the 
torturous cramps began to set in. He was sweating 
profusely and completely aware of the odor now filling 
the poorly ventilated room. 

   "Smells like something died up there," Crystal 
remarked with a wink directed at the boy. 

   Rebecca just laughed as she twirled the dildo straps 
around her finger, the plug dangling obscenely from the 
center. "Hopefully the laxative will have liquefied all 
that nastiness. If not, this is going to be more 
difficult." 

   Still completely confused by their plans for him, 
Chris continued to empty his bowels in explosive surges. 
The canister beneath him was now filled with a mixture 
of the contents of his intestines and bladder.  Finally, 
after twenty minutes of this embarrassing display, the 
women deemed him empty. His chains were then unhooked 
from their connection points and he was stood up and 
moved away from the can. He moved with difficulty, all 
of his energy drained from his ordeal. They brought him 
to the center of the room. Next to the examination table 
was the device Kathy had been moving around. It was like 
nothing Chris had ever seen before and he looked it over 
with serious apprehension. 

   It was made of thick, solid wood, but looked as 
though it came apart into three sections. Vaguely 
resembling the shape of an artists easel, the base came 
up two feet from the floor, and had an angle to it of 
about 45 degrees. The larger part of the medieval stock 
looking device then veered up and back over the base 
portion at another 45 degree angle. The top center had a 
large semicircle cut out, and there were two holes, 
larger over smaller, on each side of the main body of 
the device. Another hole sat dead center, directly below 
the top cut out, just above where the main body angled 
back over the base. 

   Kathy walked over to the stocks, beaming with pride. 
She methodically unlocked four hasps and padlocks 
positioned three to a side on her wooden creation.  Once 
the padlocks were off and placed nearby on the floor, 
Rebecca joined her in helping to take the stocks apart. 
They lifted the first piece off and it separated just at 
the center of the topmost holes. The piece was heavy, 
and the women struggled to get it on the floor. The next 
piece came apart at the two smaller side holes, but then 
extended down toward the center where it divided at the 
largest, center hole. Once that was out of the way, all 
that remained was the base with it's semicircular 
opening and the two extended sides that culminated at 
the smaller hole openings. 

   'Okay," Kathy said, a bit winded, " Becca, get all of 
his restraints off. Crystal, go over by the sink, get 
the bags I filled, and add them to the can." 

   Christopher stood in stunned silence as the women 
went to work. He knew he was going to be placed in the 
stocks, but was unable to figure out what position he 
would be held in. "Now you be good, little brother, and 
there won't be any need to make this more difficult for 
you," Rebecca said as she began to remove the boy's 
bindings, leaving him more free than he had been in 
months. She even deflated and removed his gag, causing 
him to wretch slightly as the rubber plug was pulled 
from his mouth. He worked his painfully stretched jaw 
muscles as his sister warned him against speaking. 

   Afraid to turn around, Chris could hear something 
pouring sloppily behind him. He guessed from Crystal's 
occasional disgusted sounds, that it was nothing to look 
forward to. Kathy looked at Crystal from over the boy's 
shoulder. "You want to be a nurse honey, you have to 
learn to deal with it." 

   "I know, I know," came the reply from behind him. 
Once the fluid transfer was complete, Crystal rejoined 
the other women in front of the boy. The basement reeked 
of his waste, and his eyes fell to the floor in 
embarrassment. "He truly is a hottie," Crystal said 
excitedly, taking in her first full view of Chris' 
features. 

   "Let's get him positioned," Kathy said, "we still 
have a lot to do." With that, the three women helped the 
boy to lie down in front of the base of the stocks. They 
edged his body upward so that his neck fit into the 
bottom center hole while his head fell back to lean on 
the upward sloping base piece, tilting into an exposed, 
upside down position. His arms were then lifted up and 
fit into the two smaller side holes, positioning them 
just above and to the side of his head. Crystal knelt 
down on the other side of the stocks, placing 
Christopher's head between her knees, while grabbing 
each of his hands in hers. Once he was fully gripped, 
the other two women picked up the first attachment and, 
moving from the other side of the stocks, the side with 
the rest of Chris' body, slid the wooden piece into 
position. Four long, iron pegs situated on the underside 
of the piece slid into corresponding holes on the base 
piece, mating the two together. The now fully formed 
openings grasped the boy's neck and wrists tightly, 
confirming his belief that the device had been custom 
built for him. Kathy and Rebecca then pushed down on the 
newly placed part, holding it down while Crystal 
released her hold on the boy and fastened two of the 
hasps and padlocks into place. 

   With his upper body held tight in the inflexible 
wood, Kathy and Rebecca each grabbed one of the boy's 
legs and lifted his lower body up, doubling him over, 
and fitting each of his legs just above his knees, into 
the remaining openings. Crystal again grabbed the boy, 
this time holding his feet in place as the last section 
was slid into place. Panic hit the boy as the last two 
locks were clicked into place, sealing him in this new, 
strenuous position. The blood began rushing to his head. 
the tightness of the stock's holes held him completely 
immobile. Out of the corners of his eyes, he could see 
his hands and above them, his entire lower legs from the 
knees down. Dangling directly over his face, around two 
feet higher, was his catheterized penis and separated 
balls, and, right above that was his stretched open and 
revealed, sore burning asshole. 

   "Crystal, get that new gag in place before he freaks 
out too much," Kathy ordered. 

   Happy to oblige, the girl retrieved an item from one 
of the nearby carts and walked over to Chris' exposed 
extremities. She knelt in front of his head once again, 
and held up a large rubber covered metal ring gag. "Be a 
good boy and open as wide as possible for me, OK?" 

   Looking at her upside down smiling face and dizzy 
from his doubled over position, Chris slipped up and 
said, "Please, wait..." 

   "Aww," Crystal said, "isn't he just the cutest? C'mon 
hon, don't make me punish you." 

   Chris shuddered slightly, the girl's comment stirring 
up confused feelings within him. He had been punished, 
even teased and tormented, many times by his sister, but 
the thought of this beautiful young girl punishing him 
intrigued, even excited him. 
Obediently he opened his mouth, stretching it once again 
until it hurt. He winced as Crystal forced part of the 
ring behind his lower teeth, then, prying his jaws open 
even farther, fit the other side behind his upper teeth. 
Unable to close, Chris' jaw pushed his gums painfully 
into the rubber covered metal. He momentarily choked on 
his own saliva as the position of his head prevented his 
drool from spilling out of his mouth. The girl then 
pulled the attached straps behind his head and buckled 
them in place, the leather digging deeply into his 
stretched cheeks. 

   Kathy, seemingly satisfied with how things were 
proceeding, spoke to the other women. "Well, do we think 
we should explain this to him now, or wait a bit?" 

   "Let's tell him now," Rebecca answered quickly. "That 
way he can resign himself to what's coming while we 
finish up. After all, we still have to set up the video 
equipment." 

   "Okay Becca, this project was mostly your idea, so 
why don't you go ahead and explain to your brother 
what's going to happen." 

   Rebecca stood over Christopher's helpless, bent out 
of shape form and, looking down at him, began. "Now 
Chris, you know all of us are nursing students...well,  
Kathy is a teacher's aide...anyway, we've come up with a 
great idea for an end of term project. We've decided to 
find out how long a healthy young man can, on his own, 
retain a two gallon enema." 

   The boy's eyes nearly exploded from their sockets. He 
had never had that large an enema before. He had no idea 
if he could even take it, let alone hold it for any 
length of time. 

   "I know it's more than you're used to, but that's why 
we came up with these stocks. The just about upside down 
position you're in will allow the, ah, solution to flow 
deeper than normal. That will help with the quantity. 
Trust me little brother, you' are going to take all 
eight quarts inside you." Chris groaned in response to 
her matter of fact statement. 

   During the course of the explanation, Crystal had put 
on a pair of rubber gloves and, after lubing up three of 
the fingers of her right hand, moved behind the boy. 
Rebecca stopped her dissertation and smiled as Crystal 
began gently rubbing her slick index finger over Chris' 
exposed anus. The boy gasped and groaned again, but this 
time it was the attentions of the girl and not the 
thought of the impending enema that brought about his 
vocal response. Christopher bucked as much as the stocks 
would allow as first one, then two of Crystal's fingers 
slid into his opening. "Mmmmm, still tight," the girl 
said as she gently finger fucked the boy's rectum. Using 
her other hand, she began kneading and squeezing his 
bound testicles, eliciting even more squirms and gasps. 

   "Now Christopher, pay attention, the next part is 
important." Rebecca nodded and Crystal gave the boy's 
balls a savage squeeze, all the while continuing to rape 
his ass. "You may be wondering how you're going to keep 
all that stuff inside you. Sure, we have lots of plugs 
and dildos that would do the job, but we want to see how 
long you can manage on your own. We decided your task 
would be easier with the proper "motivation."  Crystal 
had now slipped a third digit into the boy's rectum and 
increased the pace as Rebecca continued. "We thought 
long and hard on that one, until Kathy came up with the 
answer. As you can see...Chris, pay attention!" Another 
nod preceded another vicious squeeze to the distracted 
boy's testicles. Tears welled up in his eyes as he 
attempted to focus on his sister's voice. "Like I was 
saying, as you can see, your rear is right above your 
face. Into that rear we are going to slide a long, thick 
colon tube. Through that tube we are going to pump the 
entire contents of your bowels and bladder that you've 
already expelled, plus enough extra liquid to bring the 
volume up to two gallons. Once it's all inside, we're 
going to turn on a video camera and leave you to hold it 
for as long as possible. Simple, no?" 

   "The motivation for holding it," Kathy picked up, 
"comes from your positioning. If you release, the 
expelled enema will undoubtedly fall straight onto your 
face and perhaps, into your open mouth. With your face 
covered and nose clogging, you'll be forced to swallow 
in order to catch your breath. Now, you may be thinking 
that the expulsion will be violent enough to propel your 
waste far away from your face. While we have no doubt 
that some of the waste will undoubtedly hit you where it 
counts, we did think of that possibility as well." 

Kathy and Rebecca then slid a clear molded piece of 
plastic into place in front of the boy. The curved top 
was positioned right above his anus, which had to 
relinquish Crystal's probing fingers, then it curved 
into a type of upside down bobsled slide shape with high 
sides that terminated right above his face. A further 
piece continued straight down to the floor where it 
formed the base. "Pretty ingenious, don't you think? 
Crys, get the tube ready." Kathy walked back over to the 
full metal enema can and hooked it to a chain coming 
down from the ceiling. With some effort, the teachers 
aide managed to heft the heavy, waste filled canister 
into the air. 

   Crystal, in the meantime, had gone over to one of the 
carts and picked up an amber colored rubber hose. The 
tubing was about six feet in length and was just about 
the same diameter as a 25 cent piece. She quickly 
slathered some lubricating jelly on one of the ends, 
rubbing the slick coating onto the first three inches of 
the tube. She then resumed her position behind Chris' 
back and, after Rebecca slid the plastic shield backward 
a bit, began inserting the colon tube inch by inch into 
the boy's intestines. "Aren't you glad I loosened you up 
a bit first," she asked the distracted boy as she 
continued to thread the hose into him. 

   Christopher could feel the tube squirming it's way 
through his insides. The boy felt more helpless and 
exposed than ever before. Bent over upside down, with 
his ass cheeks spread apart by the positioning of his 
legs, his asshole fully open to these three women. Now 
that he was aware of their plan, he knew the horror that 
awaited him as the girl finished inserting the tubing up 
to the four foot mark. As Crystal wiped off the excess 
lube from around the boy's anus, creating a tighter fit 
in his anal ring, Rebecca leaned in close to her 
brother's face. 

   "Please don't think of this as a punishment, Chris. 
In fact, you've been very good considering what's about 
to happen. I'm very proud of you and I know that with 
all the enema practice I've put you through, you're 
going to perform admirably. I am sorry about earlier 
though. It was my hope that by cleaning you out first, 
you'd have more room inside you and be less messy when 
you released. Unfortunately, I didn't think it through 
to well and it seems I made it worse for you by using 
the laxative. I apologize for that." 

   Crystal joined her, kneeling down on the other side 
of the boy's head. "Did you tell him the original plan?" 


   "No," Rebecca replied, "you can if you want to 
though." 

   Crystal smiled, a warm caring look that took the 
boy's breath away. " At first we were just going to hook 
the colonic tube directly to one of your plug gags. That 
way, when you couldn't hold it any more, you would feed 
yourself directly." The boy tried to say something 
through the ring, but only an unintelligible gurgle came 
out. "I know, it would have been less messy, but after 
some heated debate, we decided that route would deprive 
you of certain motivating aspects of this test. The 
explosive public expulsion, the smell, the feel of your 
waste on your face, and the taste of it as it fills your 
mouth, all would have been lost." The girl was breathing 
rapidly now, obviously aroused. "I don't envy you. 
However, you can avoid all that by simply holding it in. 
If you can manage to reach our preset time limit, you'll 
be able to walk away from this without having to endure 
all that." 

  "That's the plan Chris," his sister said, "what do you 
think?" The two women watched as he shuddered in 
response. The revulsion of what they were going to force 
him to do spreading through him like a wildfire. "Now 
keep in mind that if you do release, if you absolutely 
can't hold the enema any longer, the contents of your 
bowels are going to build up pretty quickly in and 
around your mouth. Odds are your nose will clog up and 
in order to breathe, you will have to swallow." 

   Rebecca was interrupted by Kathy's arrival with the 
enema can, which she moved along a ceiling track until 
it was hanging above and just behind the boy's exposed 
rear. Kathy then fit a hose to the beer keg like spigot 
sticking out of the side of the open top can, ran the 
hose into one side of a small box, then attached the 
colon tube to the connection point sticking out of the 
other side of the box. An electrical plug coming out of 
the box was then fit into an outlet on the nearest wall. 
"Since this is going to be a very deep enema, we're 
going to help gravity a bit with this pump. It will 
ensure that every drop of what's in this can gets forced 
into you." 

   "Okay," Kathy said, "everything's set here. Rebecca 
and I are going to hook up the video camera and 
recorder. Crystal, you start his enema and help him 
through the filling process." 

   Christopher watched from his skewed vantage point as 
the two women walked over to the recording equipment 
situated on a table facing his head. He knew that once 
positioned, the camera would see and record everything 
that took place from his ass to his face. Suddenly his 
view was blocked as Crystal stepped in front of him. He 
felt her doing something by his genitals, her touch 
causing his restricted cock to quiver. She quickly 
unhooked the ring that held his bent penis in place, 
allowing it to dangle free. The semi erect member 
flopped forward causing a new wave of discomfort to hit 
the boy as his embedded catheter shifted. "Just stay 
still a second sweetie, I need to roll this condom over 
your shaft and then we can start." Crystal fit the tight 
rubber covering over the boy's penis, ensuring that it 
covered the clamped tip of the catheter as well. "There 
now," she said as she sat on her knees in front of the 
boy, positioning his head securely between her knees, 
"I've never done this with a catheter in place. But the 
rubber should help me with that, not to mention those 
metal bands." She sat straight up on her knees and 
reached for the pump. With one hand she snapped open the 
retaining clip on the tube entering the box, while with 
the other, she fed Chris' rubber encased shaft into her 
mouth. 

   Christopher groaned into the girl's thighs as the 
thick liquid began flowing deep into his insides. At the 
same time, Crystal began sucking his cock, orally 
manipulating him until his bound member strained to 
erect. His frustrated penis served only a mild 
distraction as the immense volume of waste continued to 
flow back into his body. Crystal sucked madly as the can 
reached the half way point. The boy's distended stomach 
was now stretched past any of his previous limits. As 
the flow slowed, Crystal began withdrawing the colon 
tube inch by inch, allowing the foul enema to fill every 
nook as it was withdrawn. Realizing the boy could no 
longer be distracted by her attentions, Crystal released 
his penis and turned to the task of operating the pump. 
The fluid had slowed considerably, and she knew the pump 
was now necessary to complete her task. 

   Chris was relieved when the tension on his penis 
stopped, but the result was now he was completely 
focused on the enema. He saw Crystal turn a dial on the 
box, heard a low hum, and suddenly felt as though he 
would explode as the now active pump sent a new surge 
flowing into him. Filled beyond anything he'd ever 
experienced, the nauseated boy fought back an urge to 
vomit as more muddy liquid was forced inside. He felt 
the tube moved out a bit more as the humming became more 
intense. 

   "Turn the pump to full and let's get the last drops 
into him," Kathy's voice came from right behind the 
girl. There was a sudden, sharp pain ripping through the 
boy's guts even as the humming reached it's maximum and 
only vacant sucking sounds could be heard from within 
the metal enema can. 

   Delirious from the intense cramping, Chris barely 
recognized his sister's voice, "How does it feel knowing 
you've taken a full two gallons little brother? I am so 
proud of you. Now all you have to do is hold it as long 
as you can. Remember what'll happen if you don't." 

   Crystal stood up and moved behind the boy as the two 
other women pushed the plastic shield back into place. 
Once they were done, she yanked the remaining length of 
colon tubing out from the boy's rectum with a quick 
jerk. Christopher almost lost it right there, but the 
severity of what would happen forced him to clench his 
anus tight. "Good boy," Crystal said with glee. 

   Wave after wave of excruciating cramps passed through 
the boy as the ladies tidied up. It took them just 
seconds to remove everything from the camera's field of 
view except Christopher and his predicament. His need to 
evacuate was beyond anything he had ever imagined and he 
could not help but wonder what would happen if he 
blacked out from the pain. He realized that in doing 
that he would undoubtedly release and could quite 
possibly drown in his own waste. Judging from the smiles 
on their faces, Chris realized that these women had 
rigged this so that he would be forced to suffer the 
full effects of the expulsion. 

   "Okay girls, let's leave him to his task," Kathy said 
as she ushered the women towards the staircase. "Good 
luck, Chris!" They called back in unison as he heard 
them climb the steps and leave the basement. He heard 
the door slam and barely made out the sound of the lock 
being engaged. Through his pain and need for release, 
the boy tried to focus on keeping his asshole clenched 
as tightly as possible. He stared at the little red 
light glowing at the top of the video camera. He knew 
they would watch this, see his humiliation and 
suffering, and that thought enabled him to strengthen 
his resolve despite the endless cramps that wracked his 
bent and twisted body. 

   He had no idea how long he had endured this torture. 
He only realized he must have dozed off, or passed out, 
for just a second. He realized this a a trickle of his 
enema fluid ran down his face. The brown, stinking slime 
just missed his mouth as he was shocked into a wide 
awake state. But the damage had been done, and that 
little release opened the flood gates as another cramp 
seized his insides. A gush of thick fluid exploded from 
his rear, hit the plastic shield and promptly fell all 
over the boy's face. Mortified, Christopher tried to 
blow the offending semi solid sludge out of his mouth. 
But, with the ring gag in place, he could not muster the 
ability to do that. Trying desperately to keep from 
swallowing, Chris released even more of his waste. His 
face was promptly covered as he tried not to vomit from 
the smell and taste. His eyes were covered, no longer 
able to see the taunting red light that was recording 
his suffering for posterity, and his nose was rapidly 
clogging. Knowing there was no longer a choice, the need 
to breathe surpassing his revulsion, Christopher 
mustered his resolve and swallowed the contents of his 
gaping mouth. He managed to gulp in a huge breath 
despite enduring the foul taste that was moving down his 
throat. Pleased that he hadn't vomited, Chris resigned 
himself to his fate as he once again lost control of his 
bowels. 

   The next day, Christopher was being forced to endure 
yet another showing of his performance. It was the third 
time in a row the woman had watched it, all snuggled on 
the couch. Chris was tied hand and foot, sitting in a 
chair, and gagged with his inflatable plug. His chastity 
device was in place, and his dildo had been inflated. 
Not satisfied with his ability to hold his two gallons 
for just over an hour and forty minutes, the girls had 
decided that more enema training was necessary and had 
filled him with two quarts of hot soapy water prior to 
sitting him down for the viewing. They had also attached 
the eye clips, forcing his eyes into an always wide open 
position, just to ensure that he was watching the video. 
He squirmed in his bondage, both from his enema and his 
dry, burning eyes, knowing that the expulsion scene was 
rapidly approaching. Once again the women laughed and 
cheered as he suffered the indignity of his ordeal all 
over again. 

   Finally tiring of the repeated viewings, the women 
removed the boy's eye clips and bound him to his bed for 
the night, not bothering to allow him to release the 
enema he had now held for over six hours. Grateful at 
least for the plug that held the liquid inside of him, 
he nonetheless squirmed from the cramping as his sister 
and Crystal entered his room. 

   "I have some great news," Rebecca said, Crystal 
standing behind her and smiling like the cat that had 
swallowed the canary. "Kathy and I are going out of town 
for a couple of weeks for a lecture series. Crystal has 
volunteered to watch over you while I'm away." 

   Christopher was shocked at the thought of being left 
alone with this beautiful young girl. "Don't worry 
Chris, I'm looking forward to taking good care of you. 
And as long as you behave, you won't have to worry about 
your punishments being too harsh. 
However, I have some great ideas for new experiments we 
can try, just the two of us." 
With a wink from Crystal, the two women shut the light 
and left the room, leaving the boy to suffer his 
retention enema and wonder exactly what the girl had in 
store for him. Once again, his restrained cock tried to 
erect as his thoughts drifted to being alone at the 
mercy of Crystal. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tyjord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





