BDSM Library - American Adventure




American Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Gabby and Kate, two British teachers, are caught speeding on holiday in America. A handspanking leads to a public flogging during which Gabby wtes herself.
American Adventure



	The South Carolina landscape stretched for miles in either direction,
flat and plain. The road on which the 1977 Chevvy was speeding was  perfectly
straight, the view interrupted only by massive telegraph poles at the side. As
the late afternoon sun beat relentlessly down, there was little for Gabby and
Kate to do but relax, turn up the stereo, and smoke the last of the "weed"
they'd purchased in New Orleans.

	They were now about twenty kilometres from the town of Carmel, where
they intended to spend their last night before heading to the airport and back
home to Blighty. They'd certainly had the holiday of a lifetime, three weeks
trekking across the south of America, despite the reactionary attitudes of many
of the locals to two young women travelling alone.

	It had without doubt been a much needed break. Gabrielle was a sales
executive for a firm selling engineering tools and was under constant pressure,
not only from the company, but also her high flying family - father a successful
businessman, various brothers in the legal and medical professions. For Kate the
pressures were somewhat different. She was a teacher, desperate to get out of
the grim inner city secondary school where she tried to put her training into
practice. A years hard, hard work was paying for this.

	How neither of them spotted the police car was a moot point. The first
they knew of it was when the siren pierced through the rock soundtrack, and
looking back they saw it was only about twenty metres away. Then Kate looked
down at the speedometer and gasped. They were going over ninety, well above the
speed limit. Both girls groaned as Kate hit the brake and pulled over to the
side of the road. Then they both realised what they were smoking and desperately
stubbed their joints into the ashtray.

	The police car pulled in infront of them and the driver got out,
adjusting his sunglasses. He was middle aged, balding and overweight, but he
wore the badge of a sheriff. As he approached he smiled, and drawled in a rich
southern accent

	"Well ladies, do you know what speed you were doing?"

	It was Gabby that replied, hoping that her refined accent and innocent
manner could sway the day.

	"We're terribly sorry officer, we had no idea until we heard your siren.
It's been such a long day and we still aren't used to your speed limits yet."
She flashed an innocent smile.

	"That's as maybe, but the law is the law." the sheriff replied.

	"I'm not sure we have enough money on us to pay the fine sheriff." Kate
said demurely.

	"Oh we don't bother with fines down here ladies." said the sheriff,
"There'd be too many rich people thinkin' they could break our laws if that were
the case."

	"You can't send us to prison over a speeding offence." Gabby interjected
anxiously.

	"Not for a first offence no." A pause. "The laws of the Carmel County
Legislature specifically state that the penalty for a first time speeding
offence is a sound spanking." The girls gasped. "Or if you're male, a paddling."
The sheriff added pointlessly.

	"I don't believe you." Kate, always the more forceful, said.

	The sheriff sighed. He had heard this plenty of times before. "If you
refuse to take your punishment, statute seventy two point four allows me to
arrest and detain you. The punishment, if the court finds you guilty, will then
be a public whipping."

	"Come off it. What is this, the middle ages?" Kate again. "Prove it."

	The sheriff sighed again. He returned to his car and fetched a small red
book. Flicking to the relevant pages he passed it to Kate. When she had read it
she passed it to Gabby with a disbelieving look and snarled at the sheriff

	"What is it with you people? This is the nineteen nineties. You can't go
around abusing people like this."

	"Abuse? Abuse?" the sheriff shouted, his patience wearing thin. "You
have abused our hospitality by breaking our laws. We have our own way of
punishing our delinquents and it is very successful. Now do you wish me to
arrest you?"

	Shocked by this angry onslaught, the girls hung their heads and without
looking at each other, both mumbled a quiet "no."

	"Right, Blondie, you're first. Get out of the car." As Gabby slowly
obeyed, the sheriff opened his car boot and brought out a wooden stool. He
placed it on the ground and sat himself down on it. "What's your name girl?" he
asked.

	"Gabrielle Stephenson."

	"Do you English people have no respect?" he shouted "From now on you
call me sir. Do you understand?"

	"Yes sir."

	Kate watched from the car with disbelief as Gabby bent over the sheriffs
knees. Her friend was wearing a short light blue skirt and a matching T-shirt.
She was of medium size and build and wore her blonde hair in a short bob. On her
feet she wore some hippy chick pink floral canvas boots. Kate followed her
slender, muscular legs up to her bottom, suddenly exposed by the tugging up of
her skirt. Moments later, accompanied by a squeak, Gabby's pristine white cotton
underpants were tugged down to her knees. Her bottom was breathtakingly bared.

	The spanking started briskly and soon Gabby was wriggling and breathing
loudly as her bottom pinkened. Kate watched her friends humiliation with
butterflies in her tummy. It was to be her next. She had never been spanked
before of course - few of her generation had - and the thought of it was simply
awful. Slowly, Gabby's resistance began to crumble, and she cried out, harsh
gasping yelps. Her legs bent and kicked and occasionally drummed into the ground
in an attempt to ease the pain. Tears welled in her eyes and finally she begged
the sheriff to stop. He did not do so for a good few minutes longer.

	He ended with a quick barrage to Gabbys thighs and pushed her to the
floor.

	"Stand up girl." he ordered. As she did so, the sheriff turned Gabby
round until her bottom faced him and then lifted the skirt to expose not only
his handiwork, but also Gabby's pussy to her embarrassed friend. Then the
sheriff escorted her to the back of their car and made her bend over it with her
hands behind her head and her legs spread. She was thus exposed to any passing
car.

	Kate was next. The sheriff sat back down on the stool and with a grin,
beckoned her over to him. She slowly got out of the car and approached him,
dreading what was about to happen.

	"What's your name miss?" he demanded.

	"Kate Winsley sir." she whispered. Kate was wearing a dark blue T-shirt,
khaki shorts and beige boots. She had long curly black hair, and a fuller figure
than her friend. Her large breasts pushed against her T-shirt and the sheriff
eyed them appreciatively. It was evident he was enjoying his job.

	"Take those shorts off Kate Winsley." he ordered. Slowly, awfully, Kate
obeyed. "Right, bend over my knee."

	She did so and immediately felt her knickers tugged down to her knees. A
slight breeze blew on her newly exposed flesh and Kate groaned with
embarrasement. Then the spanking started. She heard the crack of flesh on flesh
moments before she felt the stinging impact. This was awful! Before she had time
to react a barrage of spanks rained down on her buttocks, taking her breath
away. How had Gabby reacted so stoically? Finally air entered her lungs and she
let out a banshee wail, tensing her whole body. The sheriff was unpeturbed. He
continued to spank Kate's bare bottom until it felt as though it had doubled in
size.

	After a while Kate became somewhat used to the pain, terrible though it
was. But then the embarrassment of her situation came fully home to her. Here
she was, a twenty seven year old woman, being spanked on the bare bottom by a
total stranger like, well like nobody these days!

	Eventually her ordeal too was over, just as she began to feel she could
take no more. As she stood up she was subjected to the same humiliating
inspection, and the made to assume the same pose over the car as Gabby. The two
girls lay there as the sun beat down on their raw bottoms, dreading the sound of
another automobile which would herald an audience. Whilst they agonised, the
sheriff circled the car, enjoying the sight the two spanked girls presented. He
even photographed them for his "records", and took the opportunity to have a
quick fondle.

	Then, quietly at first, but slowly getting louder, came the sound of an
engine.

	Looking round Kate saw a red pick up truck approaching. Soon the
occupants saw them and blasted their horn in appreciation. This was terrible.
Next the girls heard catcalls and whooping and saw four or five men standing in
the back of the truck. The sheriff seemed unpeturbed as they slowed right down
to enjoy the sight of Kate and Gabbys bare backsides and spread secrets, but
thankfully didn't let them stop. Kate saw that silent tears were trickling down
Gabbys face.

	Just when they thought their ordeal was over, the sheriff noticed the
two burning "cigarette" butts. Picking one up between his fingers he sniffed
experimentally at it.

	"This is marijuana." he said accusingly.

	"No!" Gabby wailed.

	"Don't lie to me girl, I wasn't born yesterday!" he shouted. "Gabrielle
Stephenson and Kate Winsley I am arresting you for possession of a Class B drug.
You will be taken to Carmel county court and tried. I must warn you that the
sentence for first time drug abuse is a severe public whipping. Few offend
again. Furthermore I must warn you that the policy of Carmel county is to
humiliate offenders from the moment of arrest." Saying this he pulled first
Gabby's and then Kate's knickers from around their ankles. He then yanked
Gabby's skirt free and added it and the knickers to Kate's discarded shorts.

	"You will accompany me in the car dressed as you are. Your whipping
tomorrow will be carried out in the nude."

	"You can't!" Gabby cried.

	"Of course I can." the sheriff replied nonchalantly. "Now stand up
ladies." Without further ado he escorted the two girls, both now in tears, to
his car.



			*	*	*	*	*	*	*



	Two hours later the girls found themselves standing in the dock at
Carmel County Court. They had spent the car journey sobbing in disbelief as the
sheriff told them about the judicial system in Carmel, how the crime rate had
dropped since the advent of corporal punishment and the routine humiliation of
offenders. Apparently, public whippings, which had initially been commonplace,
were now rare; confined generally to outsiders such as Kate and Gabby.

	None of this information did much to reassure the girls. Infact the only
bit of good news had been that they would be released in time to catch their
flight home. They had been escorted, naked from the waist down, through the
towns square, in full view of the townspeople. News of their arrival spread
quickly and now the public gallery of the courtroom was packed, with a large
preponderance of young males.

	The reason for this was evident. The two girls stood in the dock, fully
naked apart from their boots, their heads bowed in shame. Both had striking
figures.  Kate was slightly taller and had a fuller figure. Her large breasts
stood out proudly, beads of sweat glistening in the late afternoon sunlight.
Even her lips were full, pouting sulkily, and her pussy was bushy and luxuriant.

	Gabby was more petite. Her breasts were smaller and softer and her
blonde pubic hair was neatly cropped and shaved. A year younger than her friend,
her face was softer and less mature. Her cheeks blushed furiously with
embarrasement and her eyes were red and puffy from crying.

	Gabby could not believe all this was happening to her. She felt the
humiliation of standing naked infront of so many people acutely. Moreover, as
someone who had been brought up to know right from wrong, being found guilty of
a crime was almost as embarrassing. She knew she had not taken the days events
as well as her friend, but Kate was tougher - she had to be working where she
did.

	Although the girls knew roughly what their sentence would be, it still
came as a shock as the judge read out their punishment - twelve strokes of the
cane. In a daze they were led from the courtroom by the sheriff, who said to
them

	"Ladies, my daughter has taken pity on you and won't stop badgering be
until I put you up for the night. Luckily for me the judge has agreed. Do you
accept?"

	

		*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	



	So it was that Gabby and Kate found themselves laying on a bed in the
sheriffs spare room later that evening. The sheriffs daughter was sixteen and
saw only the best in everyone. She had been sweet, but tiring. The evening meal
had been difficult - the friendly bonhomie of the sheriff who had already
spanked their bare bottoms and was to cane them tomorrow, the disapproving
glares of his wife and the open leering of their son did not improve their
already poor appetites - and they had been relieved to get up to the bedroom.

	There had been more tears then, but they had done their best to console
each other. However Gabby was close to breaking point.

	"I can't take this," she told her friend, "We've got to get out of
here."

	"Don't be silly." Kate told her. "They'd never let us get on that plane
once they' discovered we'd gone."

	"Not necessarily. The sheriff seems okay. He wouldn't bother - after all
we've already been punished."

	"You're mad. Just calm down."

	"I can't calm down." Gabby hissed. "I'm going whether you join me or
not. We still have our passports and the car key. We could reach it in an hour."

	With that she opened the window and reached outside.

	"Stop." Kate said. "I'm not letting you do this on your own. If you're
going to do it I'll come with you."

	It was not a great plan and was doomed to failure. They made it as far
as the highway before the sheriff caught up with them. They were brought back to
Carmel, but instead of the sheriffs spare bedroom, they were thrown into the
county cells. Worse still, they would have to go back to court to answer for
their attempt.

	Neither slept a wink that night. In the morning they were taken to the
court, stripped and sentenced to five minutes paddling prior to their caning. In
floods of tears once more, Gabby and Kate were taken to be made ready for their
mid-day whipping. Already stripped, they were hosed down with cold water and
washed by the sheriffs wife. She was not gentle, and muttered darkly about the
abuse of trust.

	The girls were then dressed for their punishment. Both were given pale
tan stockings with white panties and suspenders. For their feet, white pumps,
although they were told that these were to be taken off for the spanking.
Finally, each wore a long floral dress.

	At ten to twelve Gabby and Kate were led into the main square. It seemed
that most of the town had turned out to watch. There were a few ironic cheers
and whistles, but these were soon hushed. In general the crowd was amazingly
well behaved.

	In the middle of the square was a long log, held three feet above the
ground by stands at each end. Gabby and Kate were placed infront of this, facing
the main crowd, whilst their crimes and sentence were read out. This was the
moment they had both been dreading. Not only were they going to be stripped
naked, not only were they to be humiliatingly punished, they knew that their
bottoms were going to be much more painful then they had been yesterday. Neither
girl really beleived they would be able to take their paddling, never mind the
caning that was to follow.

	The sheriff and his deputy were going to carry out the punishment, with
the judge supervising. On his orders, Gabby and Kate were stripped of their
dresses and told to take off their plimsoles. Their arms were placed behind
their backs and they stood naked except for stockings and panties infront of an
obviously appreciative audience. Next, the two policemen moved behind the girls
and slowly lowered their panties until they lay around their ankles, their
pussies fully exposed.

	They were left standing in this embarassing position for a good minute
whilst the locals studied them appreciatively. Gabby was shocked to notice a
number of young men surreptitiously rubbing themselves. The wait was doubly
awful because of the anticipation of the punishment to come. Infact Gabby was
only controlling her bladder with great difficulty.

	Finally they were ordered to straddle the log, facing each other. As
they did so the sheriff threw their discarded panties into the crowd, where a
short melee broke out, ending only when two men held their trophies aloft
triumphantly. Gabby and Kate regarded each other mournfully. The log was high
enough to ensure that their feet only just touched the ground, making them feel
unsteady and putting pressure on their thighs. The girth of the log spread their
legs invitingly and they were pushed slightly forward, bringing their pussy lips
into view. 	Gabby had started trembling. She looked over to her friend for
reassurance, but saw that Kate too was in a terrible state. It was all too much
for her to bear. Unbelievably she felt a hot, wet sensation between her thighs
and then down her legs. Oh God, she'd pissed herself. From the crowd a young
girls voice piped up

	"Mummy, that womans's wet herself." A murmur went around the group and
then muffled giggles escaped. It was all so unspeakably horrible! Gabby began to
weep.

	Kate watched her friend with a great deal of anguish and sympathy. She
was having great difficulty stopping heself following Gabby's example. She
noticed the deputy sheriff had moved slightly behind Gabby to her left, and felt
the presence of the sheriff in a similar position behind her. The deputy was
holding a wooden paddle in his hand and raising it brought it down hard onto
Gabbys bottom. Gabby howled and her face screwed up in pain. Her hands went
behind her back in a desperate attempt to protect herself and she almost lost
her balance. She steadied only when her hands came forward onto the log.

	Moments later Kate heard a whoosh and then felt pain explode over her
buttocks with a loud splat. This was unbelievable, much worse than yeaterday.
Air hissed through her teeth, ending in a whimper as the pain reached it's
zenith.

	There was a pause as their tormentors exchanged a glance. Then the
deputy gave Gabby her second stroke, harder than the first. Even from the front
Kate could see Gabby's buttocks ripple as her face tensed and her eyes squeezed
out more tears. No sooner had Kate taken this in than a searing heat arced over
her bottom and she heard herself yelp in response. Her buttocks prickled and
stung as she desperately tried to squeeze the pain away.

	The deputy sheriff enjoyed his job. He had applied for it as soon as the
law had been changed to allow corporal punishment, figuring it was a better way
to get his kicks than working in the local store. Days like this justified that
decision. Both women were gorgeous, with just the amount of maturity he liked,
but Gabrielle was his favourite. He exalted over the power he wielded and over
her humiliation. He had nearly come in his pants as she wet herself. Now he
paddled her for the third time, enjoying the splat of contact and the ensuing
squeal and sobbing. He turned his attention to Kate as the sheriff paddled her,
watching her breasts bounce up and down as she responded despairingly to his
stroke.

	He wanted to give Gabrielle her next stroke quickly, but the sheriff
refused to give him the sign. He had reluctantly agreed to his bosses demands
that the girls would not get more than three paddles per minute, for his
preference would have been for as many strokes as possible. Finally the sheriff
nodded and he gave Gabby her hardest stroke yet. She screamed loudly, then
collapsed forward, sobbing. He could see Kate was beginning to panic and as the
sheriffs next stroke exploded onto her nether regions she squealed like a
wounded animal.

	From the audience, Emily the sheriffs daughter watched the girls ordeal
with a good deal of pity. She knew Bob Woolmerson, the deputy was enjoying
himself and had a good idea her father was too. As Gabby and Kates fifth and
sixth strokes landed her own bottom began to tingle in sympathy. Both girls were
crying now and she wanted to scream at her father to stop, that they'd suffered
enough, but she knew better than to do that.

	How the rest of the five minutes passed, Gabby didn't know. Her bum
throbbed as she lay prostrate over the log. She no longer cared about her
exposure and had long since blanked out her friend. In a sea of despair she
endured each stroke as best she could and prayed for it to stop.

	Finally it did. Gabby and Kate were left sobbing on the log for a short
while, then pulled off to stand facing the crowd once more. Tears streamed down
both their faces onto their breasts, and neither could look at their tormentors.
Kate looked tearfully up at the sky whilst Gabby hung her head in shame. For her
the embarassement was more acute, for she could feel the dampness of her urine
down the inside of her thighs.

	"Ladies, it is time for the final part of your punishment." The sheriff
intoned theatrically. "I would remind you however that had you not tried to
abscond last night, your punishment would already be over. You are now due
twelve strokes of the cane and I do not intend to give them any more lightly
because you have already been punished. Now bend over the log and spread your
legs."

	Saying this, the sheriff led Kate and the deputy Gabby back to the log.
They were bent over until their fingertips touched the ground and their bottoms
were nicely raised. What made it worse for Gabby was the fact that she was
forced to rest over the dampness of her own urine, cold and wet against her
naked skin. Next each girls legs were spread as far apart as possible, causing
their pussy lips to spread and be fully exposed. Kates pushed through a bush of
dark hair whilst Gabby's were neatly shaven.

	Now for the cane, the moment they had been dreading most of all. The
officers raised their canes in unison and arced them down hard. Moments later
the two rods bounced back with a sharp retort that quickly mingled with the
wails of the girls. Two white lines were left to redden. The canes rose again,
then flashed downwards, lower this time, onto the tops of their thighs. This
time both girls kicked out and their breasts juddered in response as they
screamed despairingly.

	There was a pause before the third stroke and the girls breathed
heavily, constantly tensing in anticipation. When it finally came the surprise
practically took their breath away, but quickly low moans and sobs could be
heard. Without warning the fourth stroke slammed into their tender backsides,
hissing another line of pain into their flesh.

	Four lines; waiting a fifth. The canes whistled, then cracked, and the
pink buttocks wobbled and recoiled. More squeals hit the air, crescendoing as
the sixth strokes hit their targets. Gabby kicked so hard she nearly fell over
the log.

	"Stay in position!" The sheriff shouted. He and his deputy straightened
their targets legs and swapped places. They had decided to give the last six
strokes alternately, starting with Kate, whose red striped bottom glowed pink in
the sun. The cane whooshed down hard onto the meat of her bottom, forcing air
between her lips, followed by a despairing sob. Gabby, who had been expecting
her stroke, looked round, relaxing slightly. As she did so she saw the cane
whipping down through a blur of tears. Pain exploded once more onto her buttocks
and she yelped again. How could they do this to her? Did they have no pity.

	Mixing their rhythms, Gabby received her eighth stroke first. Again
taken unawares she yelled loudly

	"Ooooh, aaaah. Please stop." There was no response except the hissing of
a cane followed by a crack and Kate's suffering groan. Eight strokes down, four
to come. Both girls shuffled uneasily, tensing and untensing, buttocks burning.
The crowd was silent now, drawn in by the drama unfolding infront of them. The
only sounds were the muted whimpers of Kate and Gabby.

	Then suddenly another swish followed by a whopp as the cane sprang back
from it's victim. Gabby again, somehow taken by surprise, kicking desperately,
pain searing into her backside. Kate looked up, fearfully anticipating her
stroke and was not disappointed. It was a real stinger, landing at the junction
of her buttocks and thighs, catching her vagina. She shouted out, half in pain,
half anger and brought her hand back instinctively to protect herself.
Unfortunately the deputy had chosen this moment to give her next stroke. The
cane cannoned of her nuckles onto the top of her bottom, doubling the pain. Kate
shrieked and waved her hand sharply. She was given no sympathy, only a curt

	"Serves you right."

	Immediately the sheriff swung. Gabby tensed, but the stroke was no less
painful for that. She felt her whole body convulse as she gasped in response.

	"Two to go." she muttered to herself. "Steady now." Funnily enough she
was now calmer than Kate and this reassured her further. She heard the cane
whopp down, but was beginning to read the sounds and knew that this was Kates.
Moments later she heard her friend squeal painfully. Slowly Gabby prepared
herself for the next stroke. The cane hissed then cracked against her blazing
flesh. Another line of heat bit into her and a cry escaped her lips. Nothing
could prepare you for pain like this! She felt herself starting to panic again
and tried desperately to calm herself. Last one.

	But no, Kate was to have the privelage of finishing first. The Deputy
made sure it was the hardest yet, putting all his strength into the stroke. He
was gratified to see Kate's buttocks billow out as she practically jumped off
the log. Her howls slowly subsided into great gulping sobs.

	The sheriff made Gabby wait, shifting nervously. Fear mixed with relief
that her ordeal would soon be over. Suddenly the cane arced down and bit into
her bottom for the last time. It was some stroke. Pain exploded everywhere,
rising to a crescendo of torment. She screamed in agony then went limp, sobbing
miserably. It was over.





		*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	
*





	An hour later Kate was handed the keys to the Chevvy by the sheriff.
Both girls were subdued, their eyes still puffy and red from crying, their
bottoms still aching, providing a constant reminder of their humiliation. Both
wore long loose dresses to hide the cane marks on their legs.

	Following their punishment they had been taken to the courthouse where
the sheriff and Bob Woolmerson had applied soothing cream to their bottoms (and
a few other places Kate and Gabby preferred not to remember). Now they were free
to leave. As they were about to get gingerly into the car, the sheriffs daughter
appeared carrying two cushions.

	"I figured you could use these for the journey home." she said.

	Emotion welled up inside the girls at this small act of kindness and
tears filled their eyes as they accepted them. Moments later they were driving
out of Carmel as fast as was legally allowed - they had no intention of a repeat
visit.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





