BDSM Library - Framed




Framed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female FBI agent, anxious for some excitement, investigates a white slavery connection and soon finds trapped in a bondage frame and tortured into submission.
FRAMED





	Carole groaned at the pain.  It was all she could do to make a sound-she
certainly couldn't do anything else.  She was tied spread-eagled, arms and legs
pulled taut and held by leather cuffs.  She was blindfolded as well, with a huge
ball-gag filling her mouth.  All she could do was hang there-and moan at the
pain which kept getting worse and worse...

	And worse.

	 "I blew it."  She told herself in an effort to avoid crying out at the
pain.  "But how...?"  She allowed her mind to wander away from the painful
present...

	Carole Denver was tall, blonde, and had the kind of body, slim and fit,
that turns men's heads.  She could have done anything she wanted, but a TV show
had changed her life.  The X-Files had shown her that women could succeed in the
men's world of law enforcement as well as men.  She had pushed herself through
college, gotten a degree in law-and joined the bureau.

	Her first few years there had been boring. She was assigned to an office
in the middle of the country-one where there was little activity-and no action
whatsoever.  Naturally, she applied for a transfer as soon as possible-and
naturally, she was turned down.  But she kept sending in the paperwork and
finally, wonder of wonders, she had been offered a transfer to the busy Los
Angeles office.

	She had jumped at the chance.

	Her first few weeks there, however, were just as boring as they had been
in Bumfuck Idaho-but all that changed when she stumbled across the Hall Case.

	The case had been marked 'unsolved' and filed away.  Carole had found it
while searching for a bail file from quite a different (and far less
interesting) case.  The report indicated that a Ms. Francis Hall,  another FBI
agent from this office, had disappeared, quite without a trace, while looking
into a White Slavery ring.

	The concept of White Slavery fascinated Carole; it seemed so outre, like
something out of fiction.  Out of curiosity, she had taken the film back to her
cubicle and read it through.  Apparently, Hall had been looking for someone
called 'The Old Man' when she disappeared, apparently while visiting someone
referred to only as 'The Madame."

	"It's like one of those cheesy novels they sell in the sex shops,"
Carole told herself, glancing at the last few pages before returning the file to
the records room.  "Still, Hall was an agent..."  She stopped flipping pages.  A
reference to 'Club X' had sprung out of the page.  She had seen another
reference to the same place in the case she was working on.  "That's
interesting..."  She put the film into her drawer, deciding that a little more
research couldn't hurt.

	But her research led nowhere.  She considered dropping the case, but
when the President made a speech condemning the still-extant practice of slavery
around the world, she rededicated herself-and found another reference to 'Club
X'.  It had turned up in a missing persons case tied to another of the backwater
cases she was dealing with.  "Maybe I should take a look into that place."  She
put her material together and called her director's secretary for an
appointment.  "Hell, it's gotta beat sitting here and doing busywork!"

	 "I don't know, Danvers."  The director had listened to her story, and
looked through the file she had assembled, finally tossing the package on his
desk.  "This isn't a whole lot to work on."

	"Hall went into that club three years ago."  Carole indicated the file. 
"We know that."  She shrugged.  "And she never came out."

	"Which proves what?"  The director was a big man, broad across the
shoulders, still slim at the waist.  Carole found him quite attractive-but she
never allowed herself office romances. 

	"Maybe nothing."  Carole leaned forward.  "But it is a lead-what would
it hurt to follow it up?  After all, we don't have anything else."

	"You propose what, exactly?"  The director sat on the edge of his desk
and stared down at her, his height somewhat intimidating.

	"I propose that I go inside the club, and see what I can find out."

	"That would be pretty dangerous."  He rubbed his chin with his hand. 
"It would be tough for us to give you much back-up."

	She grinned at the big man.  "I can handle myself-besides, I'll wear a
wire."  Carole had planned all this out.  "And a tracer." 

	The director returned to his chair.  "I don't like it."  He tossed the
file to her.  "But put it in writing and I'll give it a tentative approval."

	'Thanks."  Carole took the file and stood.  "I really appreciate this
chance."



	"MMmphhh!"  Carole's reverie was interrupted as a hand caressed her
naked butt. 

	"So this is the FBI agent."  Carole turned her blindfolded head,
instinctively trying to see the man who was touching her.  "Not bad."  The hand
moved over her breast, teased one of her nipples.  "Good endurance too-a lot of
girls would have fainted by now, after hanging like this for so long."  The hand
pinched down forcing another 'mmmphh!' from the pinioned girl.  "Let's just
leave her like she is for now."  The voice moved further away.  "Later, we'll
try something a little different."



	"Something a little different."  Carole's insides turned to ice at the
thought.  "Will they rape me?  Beat me?"  She shivered-after all, there was
nothing she could do.  She just had to tough it out until the Bureau followed
her tracer here.  She tried her bonds again...  "There's not a whole lot else I
can do."

	She forced her mind away from her fears--back to Club X...



	Carole had dressed down for the occasion, putting on the smuttiest
clothing she could find, showing as much skin as she thought she could get away
with.  When she got to the club, she realized that she might as well have been
wearing long johns!  The other girls waiting to get in were wearing practically
nothing-save for collars and, occasionally chains.  Carole wondered how the Club
got away with it-then she noticed one of the men in line with a girl kneeling
beside him.  "He works for the mayor!"  She nodded to herself.  "And that one
over there is a police commander." 

	Four years with the Bureau had taught her that there's nothing like a
little juice downtown to keep things running.

	Her own escort was another FBI agent.  She had chosen Glenn quite
carefully.  He was tall, young, extremely good-looking-and, if the other girls
in the office were to be believed, quite gay.  She knew she would be safe with
him-even in a place like this.  Before heading to the club, Carole had made her
final preparations quite carefully.  Aside from the slit-to-the-waist, extremely
low-cut dress, Carole had carefully inserted a tracker in a shallow incision on
her left thigh.  Her radio went into her bag, connected by a low-frequency
walkie-talkie to a mike on the wide leather collar she had purchased for the
occasion.  The radio was being monitored by another team in a van across the
street from the club.  They would head in to get her if she once called for
help.

	"Now, let's see what Club X was all about!"

	Copying the other couples, Carole stayed one step behind Glenn as he
strolled up to the front door.  The agent showed the bouncer an ID Carole had
gotten from the Hall file.  The big man looked it over, "New here, aren't you?" 
He asked Glenn.

	"Yeah."  Glenn grinned.  "Just came down from Vancouver and thought I'd
check it out."

	The bouncer nodded.  "I think you'll have a good time."  He looked
Carole over.  "Although she's a bit overdressed."  A grin lit up his dark face. 
"But not for too long, I reckon."

	He nodded them through.

	Inside, it took Carole a second to adjust to the dimness of the
place-and the size.  Clearly, Club X wasn't confined to a single
building-rather; it looked like the entire block had been gutted with only a
single entrance left open.  "There's money here."  Carole thought as Glenn
indicated the huge bar at one end of the room.  "Lots of money!"

	"Hey!"

	Carole and Glenn both turned at the hail. 

	"She can't go in like that!"  Two large men stood just inside the
doorway, hands on hips.  "You should know better!"

	"Sorry."  Glenn walked back to the two men.  "I'm new here."

	'Here or anywhere else."  One of the two men pointed to Carole.  "Slaves
are only allowed in if they're bare!"

	Glenn looked a bit nervous.  "I don't know..."

	A third man appeared, blocking the way into the club.  "Bare or out!"

	"It's okay..."  Carole took a deep breath; she knew she should call
things off now.  But if she did, she'd never be trusted with another field
investigation.  Besides, the mike had a range of about 300 feet-if she kept
fairly close to the doorway, she'd be fine.  "Master."   That seemed to be the
right word.  She saw the guards relax.

	Glenn nodded.  "Where can we leave her things?"

	"Over here."  One of the big men indicated a row of lockers just inside
the doorway.  "You can get them back when you leave."  He grinned widely at the
other two guards.

	Glenn nodded to Carole and, steeling herself, she removed her dress and
handed it to him along with her handbag.  Then she stepped out of her pantyhose
and wadded them up passing them along as well.

	"Shoes too."  The bigger of the two guards told her.  "A barefoot slave
is a helpless slave."

	The shoes, too, went into the locker.

	"That's better."  The guard stroked his face as he leered at Carole. 
"Much better."  He turned to Glenn.  'Do you have a leash for that collar?"

	"No, I didn't think..."

	"There're a few back there."  The guard indicated a bin next to the
lockers.  "Just help yourself." 

	Carole's kept her face blank as Glenn clicked a long leash onto her
collar. 

	"You might want to take a set of cuffs, too."  The guard's grin
reappeared.  "She has to be bound if you go into the basement."

	"Right."  Glenn rummaged in the bin again, putting something into his
pocket.  "I'll remember."

	"Have fun!"  The guard motioned them into the club.  "And maybe I'll see
you later!"



	"MMppphh!"  Carole tried to pull away as strong fingers closed over her
nipples. 

	"Yep,"  That same voice again.  "A strong one." 

	She felt something cold and hard touch her right nipple-then moaned into
her gag as strong teeth bit down.  "No!"  Pain flooded her nipples.  It had to
come off, now!  She screamed into her helpless darkness. 

	Only a muffled moan came out.

	"You should like these, sweet cheeks."  A hand patted her butt. 
"They'll help you stay alert."  The fingers touched her other nipple. 

	Carole tried to plead, but nothing came out except  mmmphh .  She felt
drool running down her lips. 

	It was no use.

	"Now," a second set of teeth bit into her other nipple.  "I'll just put
this here..."

	Carole tried to writhe away from the bite, but it was no use, her body
couldn't move more then an inch or two.

	"Still got some energy, hey?"  There was a smile in the voice now. 
"Well, let's see what we can do about that."

	Carole felt pressure on her two nipples.  Again she tried to plead,
again nothing but animal noises and drool came out.

	"Maybe a little extra weight."

	"MMMPPPPHHHH!"

	"Yeah."  Another pat on her ass.  "Maybe that will work."

	Carole's whole universe was filled with the pain in her nipples.  Pain
that kept on and on, getting worse and worse.  "Got to fight it."  She fought
for control.  "Can't give up....Gotta give them time to find me!"



	Glenn and Carole had wandered around Club X with no definite goal in
mind.  The place was vast, with several bars scattered here and there and lots
of alcoves, with curtains attached, so members could do whatever they liked with
no onlookers.

	Still, there was a lot going on right out in the open.  No one seemed to
mind who was watching.

	"Look at that."  Glenn inclined his head toward a group around one of
the tables.  "Isn't that...?"

	"Yeah."  Carole swallowed hard as she saw what was going on at the
table.  "He's on that TV show about the Vampire with a 'Soul'.  I don't
recognize the others." 

	"How could you?"

	Carole could only nod at that.  The actor's companions were wearing
leather 'bondage' masks-with no openings save for a tiny hole to breathe
through.  There were two of them, both female, and both had golden rings
threaded through their nipples.  Those rings were attached via tiny padlocks to
larger rings on the table edge.  That held the front of their bodies in place,
breasts touching the table, and elevated their rear ends.  The actor was using
that elevation--plugging away, his high-priced penis deep in one girl's offered
opening while he his free hand played with the other, getting her wet and ready.

	 "That's gotta be illegal!"  Glenn shook his head.

	"Not what we're here for."  Carole turned away, walked further into the
club.  "Sex keeps this place open."  She indicated a staircase at the farthest
end of the place.  "Let's see what else they deal in."

	There were two more guards at the archway that guarded the staircase. 
They stood in front of the opening until Glenn put a set of cuffs on Carole. 
The cuffs were custom made, with no chain.  They pinioned the female agent's
hands together, quite immovably. Glenn tried to leave them on loosely, but one
of the guards checked and ratcheted them shut as tightly as he could.  Carole
suppressed a groan, gritting her teeth against the bite of the cuffs.  The
guards grinned and motioned Glenn through.

	They moved slowly down the stairs, Glenn being careful that Carole, now
without the use of her hands, did not stumble.

	The basement was quite different from the upstairs.  Here, the huge open
area had been converted into a number of smaller rooms.  A corridor ran from the
staircase to the dim far wall.  Doors ran at irregular intervals down that
corridor.

	They were all closed and many had guards set outside.

	Carole could hear muffled sounds from the nearest set of doors.  Too low
to make out what they were, but distinct enough to know that something was going
on.

	"Where to?"  Glenn was scanning the long corridor, looking for anything
unusual.

	"Let's see if we can get into any of those rooms."  Carole began walking
forward-and was stopped as the leash pulled her up short.

	"Better stay behind me."  Glenn grinned.  "Like a good little slave!"

	Carole made a face-then fell into step behind the other agent.  "Let's
try that one," she nodded to the first door on the right.

	"Okay."  Glenn strolled quietly to his right, Carole padding after.  The
door opened easily to Glenn's hand.  He peeked inside-then turned away.  Carole
caught a glimpse of the inside.  It looked as if a girl were hanging from some
kind of noose, with a man behind her, banging away.

	Glenn shut the door.

	"Hey!  I wanted to see..."

	"No you didn't."  Glenn shook his head, his mouth turning hard.  "And I
wish I hadn't."

	"What..."

	"This is not a nice place."  Glenn's voice was quiet but ever so firm. 
"And I'm going to do all that I can to see it shut down!"

	"That bad?"

	"Worse."  Glenn moved forward once again.  "Let's finish up and get out
of here."  He glanced at Carole.  "I wouldn't want to see you in a place like
that."



	And now she was.  "I'm losing feeling in my wrists...  Carole grunted as
she tried to move and felt new pain dig into her sensitive breasts.  "Wish I
could say the same about my nipples, still..".  She grunted again as her shift
in weight caused the nipple clamps to dig a little deeper.  "It could be
worse..."

	"Still awake!"  The voice was very close, almost next to her.  "You are
a strong one!" 

	She felt a hand touch her butt, stroking around it's soft curve. 

	"Hall was just like you."

	Carole stiffened at the name.

	"Yes, I know you came here looking for her."  The voice moved around
her.  "And you may get to meet her."  A finger flicked at her aching nipple

	Carole moaned into her gag.

	"But not until I'm through with you."  Another flick, another moan.  "I
know you think you're strong and brave."  The voice moved around behind her. 
"But that's not enough." 

	The voice moved behind her, giving her a pinch on the butt as it passed. 
"Not nearly enough."

	Swwwwissssshhh!

	Whaamp!

	Carole's body exploded with pain.  She tried to scream-but the gag was
too tight, only an animal mewling sound came through.

	Swwwwisssshhh!

	WHAMMP!



	Swwwisshhhh!  Carole and Glenn froze in place as they heard the sound
from the door to their right. 

	"Any idea what that was?"  Glenn leaned toward the door.

	Swwwissshhhh!

	"Not a clue."  Carole took a step forward.  "Let's take a look."

	They stepped forward.  Glenn turned the knob and inched the door open.

	Swwwisshhh!

	Whamp!

	Carole pushed past Glenn.  She had been angry with the other agent for
not showing her what was inside the last door, now she was determined to have a
look.  She nudged the door with her shoulder.

	It swung open.

	Swwisshhh!  WHAMP!

	Carole gasped as she saw the girl hanging from heavy wooden frame. 
Gasped again when the black-clad man behind her swung a black whip in a long,
looping motion. 

	Swwissshhh!  WHAMP!

	It dug deeply into the flesh of the girl's shoulders.  She jerked at the
impact, unable to do more.  "It's a wonder she can breathe!"  Carole thought
studying the way the girl was secured.  She was naked of course...

	Swiiishh!  WHAMP!

	Naked and spread-eagled into the heavy frame, wrists pulled upwards,
ankles downwards, all angled out at 30 degrees so her whole body was presented
for whatever the man behind her wanted to do.  She was gagged, a leather harness
holding a large red ball in her mouth.  Another line from the top of the harness
to the frame above her head, holding her motionless, eyes fixed forward, while
the whipping continued.

	Swwwissshh!  WHAMP! 

	Carole could see the agony in the girl's eyes.  "We've got to stop
this!"  She tried to take a step forward-but came up short, the collar and leash
holding her in place.

	"Glenn,"  Carole turned quickly, anger in her voice.  "We can't let
this..."

	A stranger was holding the end of the leash.  "I'm afraid Glenn has
relinquished his hold on you."  The man smiled.  "But don't worry, I'll help you
with your little quest."

	"Quest?"  Carole tried to see past the man.  "I don't understand.  My
fr...Master and I were here to..."

	"You came here looking for a woman named Hall."  The smile became
broader as he took in the slack of the leash, bringing Carole closer.  "I'm
going to see that you get taken to her."  He motioned to the man in the room. 
"Of course, we do have to take certain precautions..."

	Hands grabbed Carole from behind.  A rubber ball gag, not unlike the one
the girl on the frame was wearing, was put in front of her face.  "Now," the man
held the ball in front of Carole's mouth.  "Be a good girl and open wide."

	She fought, of course, but it's hard to do much when your arms are
pinioned tightly behind you.  They forced the gag into her mouth, then tied her
elbows tightly behind her. 

	Carole moaned at the pain of that.  But there was more to come.  Her
ankles and knees were also tightly tied, then she was laid on her stomach and
her ankles were pulled up behind her-and tied off to her helpless wrists. 

	"We call this a 'hogtie'."  The man's grin had returned.  "I'm sure
you'll find it quite uncomfortable."

	Carole tried to say something-but any words were soaked up by the gag.

	"I'm sure you're telling me that we won't get away with this, that your
friends will be here in a minute to rescue you."  The man shrugged.  "We'll
see."  He held up a leather blindfold, then put it around Carole's head,
carefully adjusting it until she was in total blackness. "Now that you're
ready-it's time for us to leave."

	Strong hands lifted Carole, she felt herself thrown over a shoulder,
then jounced as the man carrying her moved away. Behind her, the sound started
again.

	Swwwissssh!

	WHAMP!



	Carole had always known she had courage-and had been shocked at how
quickly she had gone through it.  After the first few strokes of the whip, she
would have told her captor anything, done anything, just to stop the pain.

	But the gag kept her from talking-and the man with the whip knew he
could have anything he wanted in any case.  	The whipping went on, stroke
after stroke.  After a time, Carole wasn't feeling the pain of any single
stroke-she was feeling the pain of all of them.  Pain that grew and grew-and
grew some more.

	Finally, mercifully, she felt the world start to fade around her.

	"Oh no!"  She was jarred back to full consciousness as icy water
splashed across her body.

	"Too early to pass out, my dear."  The voice whispered into her ear. 
"Much, much too early."   Carole started to cry helplessly as she heard the
telltale Swisshh  of the whip being drawn back.

	WHAMP!



	On and on it went.  Three times Carole almost found the black comfort of
unconsciousness-but each time her torturers were ready, dashing icy water across
her nakedness, pulling her back to the torture frame and the whip.

	And the pain.

	Hours passed, days, an endless time while the voice plied the whip and
Carole suffered, unable to cry out, unable to beg-unable to do anything but take
the pain.  She tried to tell herself that she had to hold on.  That it was only
a matter of time before the Bureau found her tracer and saved her.  All she had
to do was endure one more minute of hell and it will all be over.

	But it was never over.  It was never going to be over.

	Finally, as Carole sagged in the frame, the voice put a stop to it. 
"Okay."  Carole heard him as she drifted on her river of pain.  "Enough for
now."  

	"Oh, please God, no more..."

	"Give her some food, then wash her down."  A hand drifted across her
breast.  "We'll continue later."

	Food.  Carole couldn't remember when she had eaten last, or had anything
to drink.  'Continue later', he had said.  They were going to continue to
torture her.

	"No."  Carole told herself.  "I'll beg them to stop, I'll promise to
tell them everything, I'll promise to fuck them, to suck them, to be there
slave..."  She waited for them to remove the gag.  "Anything!'

	She felt someone move close, "Look at this."  It was a man-a different
man.  "She expects me to take the gag out."  She heard a laugh.  "Sorry, honey,
that's not what the man said."  A hand touched her on the cheek.  "You get fed
through the gag-and you'd better swallow quick, or else..."

	Something cold flowed into her throat.  Carole swallowed frantically,
knowing that if she choked, the gag would cause her to suffocate.

	"That's a good little slave."  The liquid kept flowing at the same rate. 
"Good to see a fast learner."  The man stroked her sore nipples and Carole
almost gagged.  The man laughed.  "Sensitive, too."  

	More liquid flowed.  Carole felt herself get stronger.  "Got to hold
out."  She told herself.  "The Bureau will find me..."

	Days passed.  Carole was whipped, again and again.  Then electrodes were
attached to her nipples and clit, and she felt more pain then she thought
possible.

	Day after day she suffered the agonies of hell, with only the hope of
rescue keeping her alive and fighting against the hell she had descended into. 
From time to time, they fed her through the gag.  Each time she swallowed
eagerly, even when they told her it was urine or semen-there was nothing else
she could do.



	Finally, Carole became just a thing-a piece of meat hanging on the
torture frame.  She had given up all hope, given up everything.

	That's when the voice came back.

	 "Well, slave, I think it may be time to see what you've learned."  The
voice walked slowly around her.  "If I allow you, do you think you can obey some
simple commands?"

	"Anything,"  Carole tried to moan the word, but, of course, the gag was
still tightly in place. "Anything at all..."  She nodded as hard as she could
within the strictures of the torture frame.

	"All right then," there was the rustle of movement in the room.  "Let's
see what you have learned."

	Hands touched Carole-she was used to that by now-they held her while the
cuffs on her hands and feet were loosened.  Then they put her on the floor. 

	Pain flooded through her.  Unendurable pain as circulation returned to
her hands and feet.  Helpless, she writhed on the floor as the pain took its
grip on her, shook her.

	"Enough!"

	The voice was close now.  Carole knew that it would hurt her again if
she didn't obey.  She fought for control.

	"Kneel with your legs spread and your back straight."

	Carole sobbed into her gag as she tried her best to obey, pulling
strained and painful muscles in unusual directions until she was able to get her
knees under her.

	Whap!

	She almost fell down as new pain erupted in her shoulders.  But she
forced herself upright.

	"Good."  The voice walked around her.  "But I think you can straighten
up a bit more."

	Whap!

	Carole fought herself upright, whimpering at the new pain.

	"Excellent."  The voice was quite close.  "Now put your hands behind
you. 

	Carole did so, as quickly as her aching muscles would allow.

	"Very good."  Cuffs snapped into place.  "Slaves aren't allowed to have
their hands free here."  The voice came closer.  "You do know you are a slave,
don't you."

	Carole nodded her head, as vigorously as she could.  "Please don't hit
me," she begged into her personal darkness.

	"You can take the blindfold off, "the voice moved back a step or two. 
"The gag, too-for the moment."

	Carole felt hands touch the buckle at the back of her head.  They were
oddly gentle.

	"Quickly now-and you, Carole."  She stiffened at the note of command. 
"Close your eyes-it will take a moment to grow accustomed to the light."

	Carole obeyed quickly.  Hands pulled hard at the gag, finally loosening
it from her mouth.  She felt drool flowing freely, swallowed quickly.

	She felt the blindfold come off--even with her eyes closed, the light
was like another blow.  She swayed for a moment on her knees...

	Whap!

	"I said back straight!"

	Carole fought herself upright.

	"And, when your gag is off, you answer 'Yes, master."

	Carole licked dry lips.  "Y...Yes."  She hesitated.

	Whap!

	"Yes master!"

	"Don't forget-and remember that the frame is always ready for you."  The
voice moved away.  "You may open your eyes."

	Slowly, squinting against the light, Carole opened her eyes.  She was in
a large room with two doors, one on either side.  A window in front of her
showed nothing but darkness outside.  She turned her head...

	Whap!

	"I did not give you permission to look around."

	"No...No master!"  Carole pulled herself upright. "I'm sorry, master!"

	She saw the man whose voice she had been hearing for all this time now. 
He was big, muscled like a boxer, with a scar on one side of his face that made
it seem that he was always grinning lopsidedly.  "You're mine now."  He was
holding a riding crop, rolling it between big hands.  "You belong to me."  He
reached down, held her chin.  "You understand that?"

	"Yes master!" 

	"Are you sure?"  He walked around her, stroking her shoulders.  "Perhaps
you're still hoping for rescue?  From the FBI, say?"

	Carole gasped, turning toward him.

	Whap!  "Eyes forward!"  She heard him take another step.  "Perhaps you
think that the FBI is going to respond to the tracer you have embedded in your
thigh?"

	Carole started, but did not move.

	"Why don't you take a look."  He leaned over her shoulder.  "Make sure
it's still there."

	Fear ran through Carole like a knife.  "If it's not there..."  She moved
her head to look down.  "Then I'm really his..."   Her right thigh showed a tiny
white scar.  "I'm really a slave!"   The tracer was gone.  "Forever!"

	"Now you know."  The man, her master, stepped in front of her.  "There
is no hope."  He motioned to someone behind her.  "None at all."  Glenn stepped
into Carole's field of vision.  "Not since we got you the Hall file."  Glenn
grinned.  	"It's funny how you all consider me so harmless and 'gay'.  He
pulled at a leash that was in her hand-Fran Hall, wearing nothing but a ball
gag, stood beside him.  "I took Hall 3 years ago, with a little help from my
friends.  And when I found you, I promised them you'd follow."  He reached
forward, fingertips stroking Carole's face.  "And now here you are!"

	"We took the tracer from you at the Club."  Her master added.  "And put
it in the body of the girl in Room #1-the one Glenn wouldn't let you see."  The
two men grinned.  "She-you, that is, had a terrible car crash.  The body was
burned beyond recognition."  Her master shrugged.  "And the tracer and dental
records..."

	"I took care of those."  Glenn added.

	"Closed the case."  Her master smiled.  "Until we find someone else we
might want to play with.  Then it'll be reopened."

	"And someone else will end up in the frame."  Glenn pulled Hall toward
him.  "And now..."

	"Now it's time for me to become more acquainted with my new slave." 
Carole watched as her master attached a leash to her collar.  "Unless she wants
more training?"

	"Oh no, master!"  Carole shivered at the thought.  She would do whatever
this man-my master wanted.  Her shiver turned into a shudder as she was walked
past the torture frame.  "I'll be a good slave.  The best slave he's ever had." 
She told herself as the frame filled her vision.  "Forever."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bossk of Port Kor


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





