BDSM Library - Nurses Night of Hell




Nurses Night of Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 4 nurses caught stealing medication are blackmailed into a night of suffering - harsh spanking with hand and other implements, humiliation, molestation and light bondage. Long. 
Nurses Night of Hell





	Three young nurses stand in a corridor, their backs to the wall. They
know the time is seven-twenty seven pm, because for the last five minutes they
have been staring anxiously at the clock opposite them, and then along the
corridor. They dare not speak, but in each of their minds is framed the question
"Will she come?" Despite what is going to happen, it will be better if she does.

	In each of their left hands is carried a tightly wrapped white bundle. A
hospital porter walks past them, taking some blood to the laboratories, and they
quickly try to hide their hands behind their backs. He gives them a quizzical
look as he passes, but does not stop. The clock moves quietly on to seven
twenty-nine and the looks become even more frantic.



	William Stevens tapped the desk in front of him nervously, running over
what he was about to say in his mind. He was under no illusions about what he
was about to do, nor did the morality of it concern him. He only hoped he could
carry it off.

	A sharp knock on his door made him look up suddenly.

	"Come in." he called. The door opened and a tall dark haired nurse
walked in. She was followed by three rather nervous looking colleagues.

 	"You asked to see me." the first nurse said and Stevens admired the way
she had avoided using the term "us".

	"Yes, all of you." he countered. "I thought you might be interested in
some research I've been doing." His visitors seemed to relax slightly. "I was
asked by the pharmacy to look into the variance in drug usage throughout the
hospital. I must admit I was a little shocked by what I found." He paused for a
moment, but no-one rose to the bait, so he continued. "Did you know that
patients on your wards use four times as many sleeping tablets as those in other
wards? The same with Omeprazole. Funny that isn't it?"

	"And what does this have to do with me." The first nurse again.

	"Come now Staff Nurse, we could go on sparring like this all day. I have
proof that you and your colleagues have been stealing pharmaceuticals from this
hospital. I have photographs showing you handing the pills onto a Mr. Paul
Swanton, and of him handing you money. I have figures showing which pills went
from where, and which nurses were on duty at the time. Would you like to see
them?" he pushed a thick folder across his desk. The long haired nurse said
nothing, but opened the file and flicked through its contents. After a while she
looked up and said "And what do you propose to do with all this?"



	It had seemed very easy when they started. Basically they all
sequestered small amounts of drugs, and after pooling them, they were sold on
the black market by a friend. The amount of money it brought in wasn't enormous,
but it helped supplement their salaries.

	Fiona had organised the plan, recruiting the others because they all
worked on different wards. She was older than the rest of them, and they all
looked up to her. She was a senior Staff Nurse, ready to become a Sister at the
relatively young age of twenty-eight, and she took no nonsense from the doctors.
Tall and confident, with dark long hair, she was a dynamic figure the others
admired.

	Fiona had recruited Sarah and Helen first - they were student nurses who
had previously worked on her ward, and were now close to qualifying. She had
taken them under her wing and helped them out when they trained under her, and
they were only too happy to return the favour, especially as it brought in much
needed cash. Both were blond. Helen, the taller and slightly larger of the two
was a local girl, well liked by the hospital staff. Sarah had been born and
brought up in Bedfordshire, but had been educated at a small private school in
the area. She and Helen were best friends.

	The final member of their group was Jeanette, a twenty four year old
staff nurse who none of them had known very well. She had bumped into Fiona at a
hospital talk, and had mentioned the amount of drug wastage in the hospital
contemptuously. Fiona had needed another partner and sounded her out about
joining the group. She had agreed.



	William Stevens was a Registrar at the hospital where the nurses worked,
and was well on the way to becoming a Consultant. He was one of the doctors fast
tracking their way through the system, at a cost to his social life, which, he
would admit, was non-existent. He lived in the hospital, and spent those
evenings not on call studying for exams or reading medical journals. His special
interests included therapeutics, and so he had been the natural choice to
investigate some strange spending figures in the hospital. Now he was planning
to get his reward, and it pleased him no end that Fiona was involved. She was a
snooty, superior nurse, who was always trying to put him down and humiliate him
on the ward. He knew the other nurses to talk to, and found them attractive, so
he was looking forward to the night he had planned.



	Stevens paused. This was his moment. "I don't have to tell you what the
consequences would be if told the authorities about this -  sacking,
prosecution, possibly prison. I have an alternative to propose - not a pleasant
one, but preferable I think. If you do me a favour, I could lose these
documents, as long as you promised to stop stealing immediately."

	"What would that favour be?" Fiona taking the lead again, in a steady,
almost contemptuous voice.

	"I propose to spank your backsides - to punish you myself if you like."
The nurses looked shocked, but Fiona soon regained her composure and snorted
derisively.

	"Punish us! You want your perverted way with us!"

	"True. I won't try to disguise the fact. But there again you don't
really have much choice in the matter.

	"You must be joking!" Fiona again.

	"Be quiet." Stevens said sharply. "I shall expect to see all of you
outside my door at seven thirty on Tuesday night. You will be in your uniforms,
just as you are today, but you will not wear any panties. I shall expect to see
those in your left hands. When I invite you inside, you will obey me at all
times. I intend to thrash your backsides with a number of implements, and
humiliate you thoroughly. Only when I am satisfied will I let you leave.

	"Now this requires all of you to agree. If even one of you declines, I
will inform the hospital authorities at the next possible opportunity."

	"You must be joking. There's no way on earth I'm going to let you do
that to me." Fiona snapped. The other girls were leaving her to do their talking
for them.

	"Fine, then I shall inform the relevant people tomorrow." Stevens said.

	"Hold on a minute." said Helen "There must be some way we can work this
out."

	"The only way is for you to agree to my proposal." The nurses looked
horrified. He gave them time to think about it then said "Do you agree Helen?"

	"If I have no other choice then yes." she whispered.

	"Sarah?"

	"I suppose so."

	"Jeanette?"

	"Yes."

	"Fiona?"

	"Never. I'm going to report you for blackmail."

	"Go ahead. You'll be condemning yourself and your friends to
unemployment and prison whatever." Stevens retorted. He knew he could always
deny their claims anyway.

	"You wouldn't dare!" Fiona stormed "I'm not taking any of this shit."
With that she turned on her heels and strode out of the room. Stevens shrugged.

	"Sorry girls," he said to the remaining three. "I'll give you until
Tuesday to persuade her. If not then I'm afraid I'll have to report you." With
that he dismissed them and sank back into his chair. It hadn't quite gone to
plan - damn the arrogant bitch! If she did give in he would make her pay for her
obstinacy.



	It was Tuesday evening, six pm. Fiona had just finished her shift and
was sitting alone in the nurses office, her mind in turmoil. She had thought of
nothing else all week, and had had long discussions with Helen, Sarah and
Jeanette. The only conclusion the others could come to was to accept Stevens
horrible proposal, and submit to one night of hell instead of job loss and
prison. Fiona was sure Stevens was bluffing and felt if they held out, he would
do nothing. He worked on her ward and she felt he was an indecisive wimp. On the
other hand, she could be condemning the others because of her selfishness. No!
There was no way she could let him do those things to her. She wasn't going to
turn up.



	As William Stevens paced up and down his room, Helen and Sarah arrived
outside his door. "I can't believe this is happening." whispered Sarah.

	"Nor can I." Helen agreed. "Have you ever been spanked before?"

	"No, I managed to avoid it by the skin of my teeth at school. What about
you?"

	"No never. We didn't have it at school." Helen paused. "Do you think
she'll come?" she asked. The all important question.

	"God I hope so." Sarah muttered.

	A minute later they were joined by a nervous looking Jeanette, who
nodded a greeting and then stood next to them against the wall. The group lapsed
into silence, anxiously watching the clock and the corridor for signs of Fiona.
Would she come and lead them into a night of pain and humiliation, or would she
stay away, condemning them to unemployment and prison?



	Seven twenty-nine, and they hear footsteps around the corner. A figure
appears. Thank God - it is Fiona. She doesn't look happy, but joins them against
the wall. Helen notices that she carries no underpants, and waves hers urgently
at Fiona. Fiona sighs heavily, checks that there is no-one else in the corridor,
hitches her skirt up and pulls down her panties. A moment later, Stevens door
opens.



	William Stevens looked out, and smiled when he realised that they had
all turned up. He gestured for them to enter, and they trooped into his room.

	"Give me your panties." he said. They handed them over, avoiding eye
contact, and he inspected them briefly. "I'll keep these as a souvenir, I think.
Now I want you all to stand in a line and place your hands on your heads." They
obeyed him and he savoured this moment of submissiveness. Then Fiona said "You
can't do this to us, it's illegal. We could sue you for assault."

	"Be quiet. You will not speak unless I tell you to. This is your last
opportunity to leave. If you stay, then you have consented to what I am about to
do. Try and leave and I will phone the police immediately." Not one of them
moved, though Fiona's face showed her anger.

	"Right. I think we'll start with the ring leader." He sat down. "Fiona,
come here. I'm going to give you a well deserved thrashing."

	Fiona shot Stevens a look of pure frustration, but then walked slowly
towards him, eyes downcast. This was intolerable! This man was going to pull up
her dress and then spank her bare bottom. Not only that, he was going to spank
her in front of three people who looked up to her. She didn't know if she could
stand the humiliation. Furthermore, she didn't know if she would be able to take
the pain. She had never had a high pain threshold and the thought of the
stinging smacks filled her with dread. She hated to admit it, but she was
scared, and scared especially that she was going to cry. She wanted that least
of all.

	Stevens gave her a little smile of triumph as she stood beside him. It
was her capitulation that he wanted most of all. He slowly let his hand slip up
her skirt, feeling the smoothness of her thin stockings, then the thicker
material of their tops. Finally his hand rested over the warmth of her bushy
vagina. Fiona was looking up to the ceiling, blushing violently. He was going to
enjoy humiliating her.

	Helen watched the proceedings with a mixture of astonishment and fear.
It was going to be her next. She saw Fiona allow herself to be draped over
Stevens knees. He pulled her skirt up, exposing her bare bottom to the air, and
she gave a barely audible groan. He straightened her legs, raised her backside,
and made her rest her elbows on the floor.

	Helen could barely imagine herself in that position, although she knew
it would happen soon enough. It was so strange seeing Fiona - so confident
usually, draped in such a humiliating position. Yet it was Fiona who had got hem
into this mess, and Helen hoped he would be harder on her than the rest of them.

	Stevens raised his hand high, and then SMACK! The noise echoed around
the room, followed by Fiona's yelp of surprise. A red hand print quickly
developed on the meat of her right buttock, and Stevens sent a sharp blow to the
other cheek. He was rewarded with another yell. After the first two spanks, he
settled into a nice steady rhythm, alternating shots to each cheek, watching as
Fiona's bottom turned red. Soon she began to squirm as the shots hit their
target and her legs started to kick up in the air. Each time she did so the
offending thigh was met with a sharp fusillade of spanks, drawing anguished
gasps.

	Fiona had never experienced anything like it in her life. Her bottom
felt as though it had doubled in size as it throbbed between the smacks, and
after each spank she felt as though she could take no more. Her legs were
kicking helplessly, and each time they did, it brought further pain. She was
starting to whimper, however much she tried to keep quiet, and a feeling of
despair was creeping over her, worsened by the underlying humiliation of the
situation. Her eyes had begun to water, and through the tears she saw the other
girls looking at her, horrified expressions on their faces. She quickly turned
her face away.

	Helen felt as though she was going to wet herself. She had seen Fiona's
tears, and felt that if Fiona couldn't take it, she certainly wouldn't be able
to. Stevens landed a particularly hard slap, and Fiona let out her first
anguished squeal. Her right leg shot up, bent at the knee, and Stevens deftly
grasped her ankle and removed her flat shoe. It didn't take Fiona long to
realise what he was going to do with it.

	"No, please!" she sobbed, and made a vain attempt to struggle off his
knee. Stevens response was swift. He brought the shoe down hard, five or six
times in short succession. Fiona screamed in agony, pushing herself away from
him and begging him to stop.

	"Stay still!" Stevens ordered, and gripped Fiona tightly around the
waist "You're getting the shoe because you were the one that organised this
little scam, and because you were the one that tried to get out of having your
bottom thrashed." With this he resumed the spanking, bringing down the shoe as
hard as he could, concentrating on the tops of Fiona's thighs. Her legs kicked
wildly, and she cried at every stroke. Her will was broken.

	Fiona's spanking lasted about ten minutes. When Stevens finally put the
shoe down, he parted her legs and let his fingers probe inside her vagina. Helen
offered a silent prayer that he would not do the same to her, and hoped that her
tights would prove an adequate barrier. She watched as Stevens pushed Fiona from
him.

	"Stand up girl." he said. Fiona struggled to her feet, and her uniform
dropped over her backside. Stevens flicked it back up and tucked it into her
blue belt. "Go and stand next to Jeanette with your hands on the back of your
head." he ordered. Then he turned to Helen. She felt a sinking feeling in the
pit of her stomach as he beckoned her towards him.

	Helen glanced briefly at Fiona's tear stained face as they passed. Fiona
looked away, unable to hold Helens look, but Helen had no time to think about
it. She stood in front of Stevens, who smiled condescendingly at her.

	"Lift up your skirt." he instructed her. Slowly Helen obeyed, feeling
the cold air creep up her thighs. This was so humiliating. As Stevens saw that
she was wearing tights, his smile broadened. "Did you think that they would
cover your charms and lessen the pain?" he asked sarcastically. Helen blushed
furiously. Naively she had thought just that. "Well I can see enough for now,"
Stevens continued, "and anyway, I find tights a special turn on. I've been
imagining you just like this, so I'm a lucky man. Come on; let's get that
gorgeous arse over my knee."

	Helen obeyed. Stevens comments only made things worse. He'd been
fantasizing about her and now she was letting it happen. It was so degrading she
had to bite her lip to stop herself crying as she draped herself over his lap.
Immediately she felt his hand caress her backside and heard him murmur
appreciatively as his fingers slipped between her legs, pushing the material of
her tights against her vagina. Then the hand was gone and Helen heard a sharp
crack, moments before she felt the impact of his smack.

	A sharp pain spread across her right buttock, almost taking her breath
away. It was followed quickly by another spank to the same cheek, adding to the
burning sensation, and forcing a grunt out of her mouth. Two similar spanks
landed on her left buttock, and Helen gritted her teeth to stop her first cry
escaping. The spanking continued in short sharp bursts, causing Helen to writhe
uncontrollably. It was unlike the methodical spanking that Stevens had given
Fiona. Helen felt she could have coped with that - this was unfair. A
particularly sharp shot to her left thigh drew Helens first yell, but the anger
that welled up inside her protected her, and as the spanking wore on, though she
squealed and yelled; and though her legs kicked helplessly and her feet drummed
against the floor, Helen did not cry. Not even when Stevens broke his promise
and used Fiona's shoe on her tender backside.

	Eventually Helens spanking was over. Stevens made her stand in front of
him, hands on the back of her head, with her legs spread. He tucked the skirt of
the uniform into her belt, and proceeded to fondle her vagina through the
tights. Helen didn't know what was worse, the groping or the throbbing of her
sore arse. She gritted her teeth and tried not to think about what was
happening.

	Stevens was enjoying himself thoroughly, but he decided to give his hand
a rest - it was hot and sore itself. He told Helen to go and stand next to
Fiona, and went to his drinks cabinet. He poured himself a large whiskey and sat
down to enjoy the sight in front of him

	To the left stood Fiona and Helen. Fiona looked away as he stared at
her. She still had tears on her face, though she had stopped sobbing. He let his
eyes roam up her stocking covered legs to her very bushy vagina. He had plans
for that later. Helen stood to her left. She was the one he'd fancied before all
this had begun. Her face was red, but there were no tears - that would soon
change. Her legs were magnificent encased in the opaque tights, large but
muscular, just the way he liked them.

	 To the right stood Jeanette and Sarah. Sarah looked especially nervous,
fidgeting under his gaze. He'd always thought of her as a smaller version of
Helen, but actually her features were much more pronounced. She had none of
Helens mild Yorkshire accent, instead speaking in the dulcet tones of a
privately educated girl. Stevens wondered whether she had been punished before. 

	Jeanette on the other hand, had a faraway look on her face. She was the
one who intrigued him most of all. He had neatly pigeonholed the others - Fiona
the confident ringleader, Helen the country girl and Sarah the "toff". Jeanette
he didn't understand. She had hardly spoken when they agreed to be spanked. She
was twenty-four - he knew because he had seen her records, but she looked older.
Her brown hair, though not short, was tightly permed, giving it a slightly dated
look. Her face was very pretty, but at the same time slightly careworn, making
her look nearer to Fiona's age than the others. Throughout the proceedings she
had looked as though her mind was somewhere else. He resolved to bring her back
to the present when he dealt with her.

	Sarah couldn't help fidgeting as Stevens looked at her. She wondered
what her old school friends would say if they could see her now. At the small
private school where she had studied it had been well known that Sarah had been
the only girl in her year not to be spanked. People had even tried to get her
into trouble just so that the record would go, but Sarah hated the idea of
physical punishment, and had made sure she was as good as gold at school. Now,
just as she thought she was safe, she was going to be spanked.

	Finally, Stevens drained his glass. He looked up at Sarah and said
"Right miss, lets have you here next." Sarah walked slowly towards him, staring
towards the floor. "Pull up your skirt." Stevens commanded. As Sarah did so he
pulled her quickly over his lap and started briskly spanking her bottom. Sarah
gave a yelp of surprise and screamed at the first barrage of spanks. The speed
of his assault had robbed her of time to prepare, and therefore of any mental
defence. For the first minute Stevens rained down a steady succession of brisk
slaps, covering every inch of Sarah's pert, firm backside. Sarah squealed and
writhed as her globes reddened in response. Only when Stevens heard her first
sob did he slow his rhythm into hard, considered spanks. As he did so he allowed
himself time to consider her lovely figure. Sarah's legs were slim and well
developed, set off nicely by black opaque stockings. Her ankles were thin,
contrasting nicely with the heavy Doc Martens shoes she wore. At the other end,
her bottom was the best yet, small and firm, yet yielding to his hand. Sarah had
been the most responsive to his spanking, but now she was almost still. She had
also quietened, although she was still crying. Each spank brought a strange
gurgling sound from deep in her throat.

	Stevens decided to reanimate her for his finale. He picked up Fiona's
shoe, bringing a desperate "Please, no not that!" from Sarah. Her bottom was
glowing a nice uniform red, but her thighs were still milky white above the
black stocking tops. Stevens brought the shoe down briskly onto these areas,
bringing more screams and struggling from Sarah. Only when her thighs had turned
a blotchy pink, did he stop. He made her stand in the same pose as Helen, but
facing away from him, so that her friends could see the discomfort on her face
as his fingers entered her surprisingly wet cunt. Sarah shuddered in response.

	He had finally reached Jeanette, and as Sarah went to stand next to
Helen, they passed. Jeanette still had that faraway look on her face, and it
didn't change as she lifted her skirt to reveal thin barely black tights and a
well trimmed bush visible through them. She draped herself over his knee without
a sound, and endured a sound spanking with barely a movement or groan, even
during a particularly hard session with Fiona's shoe. Stevens resolved to bring
a sound out of her before too long, and pulled her tights down for an intimate
probing. When he stroked around her anus, her muscles tightened, but no more. He
sent her to stand with the others.

	Stevens sat back to enjoy the sight of the four nurses standing facing
him, hands on the back of their heads, their vaginas exposed to his leering
gaze. After a while he stood up and walked behind the girls, inspecting their
bottoms which were still red. Fiona's glow was fading, but her backside sported
a number of blotchy bruises. Helens marks were barely visible under her dark
tights, but Stevens wanted to keep them up for the moment. Sarah's bottom was a
patchwork of different shades of red, whilst Jeanette's glowed a uniform pink.

	"Right girls," he said "I want you to strip each other out of your
uniforms." The nurses looked at each other nervously. "Come on, hurry up,
otherwise I'll have to add further strokes to your punishment." Fiona and Helen
helped each other out of their uniforms, Sarah and Jeanette likewise. They stood
in just their bras, hosiery and shoes, Fiona in her stocking feet. Stevens
wondered whether the other girls resented her for wearing shoes that were so
easily removed. He hoped so.

	He pulled his large dining table out into the centre of the room. "Right
ladies," he said "let's have you lying next to each other on your backs." They
were beginning to look scared again, Stevens noticed gleefully. He could have
sworn Sarah was shivering. Poor girl, she wasn't built for this type of
treatment. After a little confusion Stevens was presented with the sight of four
forlorn figures lying spaced out on the table, their legs hanging over the edge,
their vaginas pushing towards him. Jeanette's bush, though quite expansive, was
trimmed neatly down. Its colour matched that of her hair. Helens thatch looked
blond and bushy beneath the tights, whilst Sarah's was shaved into a small
triangle. It amused Stevens to note that the colour was much darker than that of
her blond hair. Fiona's pussy looked as though it had never been touched. It was
dark, glossy, expansive and thick. A few tufts spread up towards her belly
button and he wondered if she had considered shaving them.

	"Bring your knees up to your chest and put your arms around your knees."
he ordered. Slowly they obeyed, exposing their sore backsides and their pussy
lips. "Anybody who moves from that position gets an extra stroke each time."  he
told them.

	"What are you going to do to us now?" Sarah whimpered.

	"You'll find out soon enough." Stevens replied. From the next room he
brought out a wicker carpet beater, and after a couple of experimental swishes,
brought down a searing blow onto Jeanette's bottom.

	"Ow!" she shouted, but kept her position. That had hurt her! The others
looked desperately around, trying to see what had caused such a response.
Stevens moved towards Helen and CRACK! "Oooh!" she moaned loudly. That had
almost brought tears to her eyes. Sarah was now whimpering as Stevens
approached. He brought the carpet beater down hard onto the middle of her
backside. Sarah screamed and brought her hands down to her rump, kicking her
legs into the air.

	"Right, that's an extra stroke" said Stevens, and pushing her legs
backwards, brought down another stinging shot. It was met with an equally
anguished response as Sarah desperately tried to resume her position. Finally,
the carpet beater found Fiona's bottom and was greeted with another loud yell.

	By now all the girls were breathing loudly. Each of their backsides had
the pattern of the carpet beater imprinted on it, and Sarah had started to sob
again.

	"You're each going to get six, not including extras." Stevens told them.
Again he moved towards Jeanette. CRACK! "Aaargh!" Again he had got to her! Onto
Helen, whose gurgled response to the stroke indicated that she was having
difficulty not crying. Next Sarah, who this time just about managed to hold her
position, and finally Fiona, who desperately blinked away a few tears.

	He made them wait for the third stroke, enjoying watching them tense and
untense their buttocks, and desperately try to control their breathing. Little
whimpers and gasps escaped their lips, mixing with the sobbing of Sarah and
Fiona's self pitying sniffles. When he was ready he gave Jeanette her stroke,
straight onto the middle of her thighs. This time her whole body shuddered in
response, her face contorted into a grimace and a long high pitched groan
escaped her lips. He moved onto Helen, hoping that this stroke would bring the
tears she had threatened to shed and brought the carpet beater down with all his
force onto her ample bottom. He was rewarded with a loud yell and a filthy
glare, but there were no tears. Sarah, who was crying, was next, and again she
couldn't hold her pose, kicking out at the pain.

	"That's another stroke!" Stevens shouted.

	"No, please!" squealed Sarah, then "Aaaarrrgh!" as the carpet beater
left its imprint on her thighs.

	"Leave her alone you bastard! Can't you see she can't take all this." It
was Helen who had shouted at him.

	"Is that so miss?" Stevens said coldly. He moved back to her and gave
her three hard strokes. Her yells got louder each time and at the third shot,
she almost leapt off the table. Stevens gave her another stroke for moving and
only then did he notice that there were tears running down Helens cheeks.

	There was still one bottom awaiting a stroke, and Fiona too was unable
to stay in place. She was at the edge of the table, and as the carpet beater dug
into her fleshy mounds she was already moving left to try and avoid it. As she
kicked, she unbalanced herself, landing in an undignified heap on the floor.

	"Stand up at once!" Stevens shouted. Fiona obeyed immediately, even
putting her hands on the back of her head without him asking. She was no longer
the rebellious one. Her large breasts strained against material of her bra, and
her pussy was readily visible. Tears streamed down her face. He swished the
carpet beater against the side of her left thigh, and was rewarded with a yelp
and a lewd dance. "Get back on the table." he ordered.

	Stevens wanted them to change their positions for the last three
strokes. For the fourth he had them spread their legs straight up in the air. In
this position the carpet beater could hardly miss their pussy lips and he was
rewarded with hearty squeals and kicking from the girls. For the last two
strokes he had them put their legs over their heads, with an ankle at each side
of their faces and their feet hanging over the edge of the table. The position
was extremely uncomfortable for the girls and they grunted and groaned with the
effort of keeping it. However it offered Stevens an excellent view of their
backsides and he took the opportunity to have a fondle. Jeanette's bottom was
small and surprisingly malleable. Helens, though not oversized, was the largest
of the four, lovely and firm. Stevens spent a very long time caressing it.
Sarah's bottom was small and firm, the bottom of a sporty girl. It was also a
glowing scarlet colour, mixed with the darker hues where the carpet beater had
landed, the bottom of a soundly thrashed girl! Finally Fiona's bottom was very
soft, and not well defined. It moved around quite a lot as he groped it. Stevens
gave it a couple of slaps for good measure and was greeted with a couple of
quiet yelps.

	Each nurse took their last two strokes in quick succession as Stevens
held their legs down. By the end of the punishment only Jeanette was not weeping
freely, and she was in some distress. He slowly pulled them back into their
original positions and pulled Helen and Jeanette's tights down to their ankles.
After a short break to allow them to regain their composure, Stevens instructed
the nurses to shuffle backwards and place their ankles in front of their
bottoms. Then he told them to spread their legs, fully exposing their vaginas
for the first time.

	This was wonderful, Stevens mused to himself. Four of the sexiest nurses
in the hospital facing him, their legs spread, exposing their most intimate
secrets, their faces a delightful mixture of shame and pain. It was the
humiliation that aroused him the most, especially Fiona's. He approached her and
made a big show of inspecting her, stroking her belly. "You've not got the
greatest figure in the world have you?" he said goadingly. "And my God you're
hairy. These things go right up to your belly button - have you never thought of
shaving them?" Fiona's face contorted as she desperately tried to stop herself
crying at the taunt, but it was no good. She gave a sob of pure misery and tears
trickled down her face.

	"Put your fingers down there and spread your labia." Stevens ordered.
Fiona looked aghast. "No please." she begged. Stevens slapped the inside of her
right thigh and with a whimper Fiona obeyed. Stevens bent down and licked her
pinkness, and Fiona began to cry like a baby, with great gulping sobs. She was
totally and utterly humiliated.

	Each of the other girls had to endure the same action, and Stevens
groping hands. However they were forewarned, and though the humiliation was as
acute, none of them wept in response. "They must be made of sterner stuff than
you." Stevens sneered.

	It was time for another break he thought. "I'm going to the canteen for
some food now. When I return you will have removed your brassieres. Helen, you
will have removed your tights and put your shoes back on. Sarah, you will take
your shoes off. Jeanette, pull your tights back up. I shall expect to see you
bent over the table, facing the wall. I want your legs straight and spread as
far apart as possible. Your hands must be on the back of your heads. If I find
your positions unsatisfactory, or if there is evidence that you have not been in
this position since I left, I will add to your punishment. Do I make myself
clear?"

	"Yes." they replied rather sullenly.

	"Yes what?" He snapped.

	"Yes sir!"



	As Stevens left the nurses got gingerly to their feet. "Are you okay?"
Helen asked the still weeping Fiona.

	"The bastard - I'm going to make him pay for this!" Fiona muttered.

	"Don't be silly. He has us over the barrel of a gun, and always will.
You've just got to grit your teeth and get it over and done with."

	"She's right you know." Jeanette said, rubbing her bottom. "God that
hurt!"

	"Yes and there's more to come." said Sarah. "I don't know if I can take
any more."

	"You have to." said Jeanette. "He's a bloody pervert isn't he? He loves
all that humiliation. You try not to show it but its so hard not to. And on top
of it that damn carpet beater. That really stung. You were brave to stand up for
Sarah, Helen."

	"Stupid you mean. That nearly killed me."

	"Look, we'd better do as he says, he's probably waiting outside." With
that Jeanette pulled her tights up and removed her bra. The others complied with
their orders, and then they draped themselves over the table, spreading their
legs and putting their hands on the top of their heads. Just in time! The door
opened, and they heard a quiet laugh. Then it closed once more and the nurses
were left to wait for Stevens to return.



	The wait was awful. Helen tried not to think about what was going to
happen, but she dreaded the sound of the door opening and Stevens entering. She
felt very exposed now that her tights were off, even though there was nothing he
hadn't already seen. She had felt so degraded sitting there with her legs spread
for his pleasure. And then he had licked her! Just to show the power he had over
them. How had she ever got herself into this mess?

	She heard the door open. Stevens was saying "So here they are. What a
lovely sight - four naughty little girls halfway through a good hard spanking."
Helen heard a laugh and another voice said

	 "I hope you're getting a record of this." Oh God, there was somebody
else in the room! Someone else was seeing her like this!

	Stevens said "Oh yes, I've got a couple of video cameras linked up. It
wasn't cheap, but it'll be worth it. I'll run you off a copy if you like." Helen
felt herself grow cold all over. They were being filmed! That meant that anyone
could see her getting her bottom smacked. And spreading her legs. She heard
Fiona groan, and then she recognised the other voice. It was Steve Jones, the
nursing tutor, and a man not well liked by his female underlings. Helen recalled
Fiona having a number of run-ins with him. He was also in charge of all new
appointments - now she had no chance of getting a job here.

	Footsteps approached and Helen tensed as a hand stroked her bottom. She
heard Steve Jones say "Well Fiona, you're not so high and mighty now are you?"
and then Crack! Fiona squealed in response.



	Bringing Jones in had been a masterstroke, Stevens mused. He was a nasty
little man, who knew he was not liked, and he moved down the line goading and
fondling and slapping the helpless nurses.

	"Mr Jones will conduct the next part of the punishment. Twelve hard
strokes of the tawse." Stevens announced.

	"Stand up please ladies." Jones ordered. The nurses struggled to their
feet, and stood facing their new tormentor, hands on heads, breasts jutting
forward, completely exposed. Stevens had constructed a "Whipping post" -
basically a horizontal wooden slat supported by two vertical ones, and this was
to be the site of their tawsing.

	"Snooty Sarah first, I think." Jones said. Sarah stepped forward and
draped herself over the post, trembling slightly. With her bottom raised high in
the air, Jones straightened and spread her legs exposing her gaping pussy. He
then inserted two fingers into her vagina and placed his thumb over her anus.
Slowly he pushed it into her hole. Sarah squealed and tried to wriggle away - to
no avail. He had entered where nothing had ever gone before, and Sarah wept with
shame. Stevens glanced at the other nurses faces and smiled smugly at their
looks of horror. They knew it was to be them next.

	Satisfied, Jones removed his hand and picked up the tawse. Stevens was
impressed by his technique as he brought the leather strap down methodically
onto Sarah's waiting bottom. It was a nice change for Stevens to be able to walk
around the room watching her pert breasts dangling and swaying, her face respond
to the tawse, and tears run down her cheeks. He loved the way her legs kicked at
every stroke, exposing herself further to his stare.

	Helen was next on the post, fully naked now apart from her shoes. She
had magnificently large breasts, firm and up tilting, and her bushy pale pussy
showed she was a natural blonde. Stevens and Jones had to drag her over the post
against her struggles, with Helen pleading "Please don't touch me down there!"
She finally settled with the threat of extra strokes, and Jones took his time
probing her fanny before casually inserting his index finger deep into her anus.
Helen screamed and sobbed as he moved it around inside her. The tawsing that
followed was hard and fast, the twelve strokes lasting no longer than twenty
seconds. Helens squeals merged into one large yelp and she struggled lewdly.
When it was over she collapsed to the floor sobbing deeply.

	Jeanette was next, her legs and bottom encased in the sheer material of
her tights. At last, Stevens thought to himself, she had a worried look on her
face. Once she was in position, Stevens took a pair of scissors and cut a hole
in the gusset of the tights, exposing her spread pussy lips and anus. Jones
played with her clitoris at first, gradually bringing involuntary moans from
Jeanette, and as she became wetter, he spread her juices over her anus, teasing
her with his fingers. She started to wriggle slightly and as his fingers
gradually penetrated she let out a whimper of pleasure and shame. Jones thrust
his finger in and out of her bottom and Jeanette responded by writhing backwards
and forwards. Her groans became louder and more desperate as he inserted another
and then a third finger, spreading her anus taut. Then she came in great
shuddering sobs and let out a groan of pure embarrassment. Why had she reacted
so?

	Stevens couldn't believe his eyes- she'd actually come! He and Jones
exchanged broad grins. Jeanette was in no state for the tawsing that followed
and she kicked and writhed and screamed as the leather strap reddened her bottom
and thighs. At last, a proper reaction to her beating. Stevens pulled her head
back by her hair so he could see the response on her face, the grimaces and
yelps and desperate attempts to hold back her tears. She was obviously in pain
and having orgasmed at her probing, utterly humiliated. How she didn't cry was
beyond him. He determined to change that during her caning.

	Before that though, there was still Fiona to deal with. It was obvious
that Jones hated her as much as Stevens did, and was determined to teach her a
lesson. He approached her as she stood waiting, fully naked except for her
hold-up stockings, hands on head, breasts jutting forward, and cupped her mounds
in his hands, juggling them slowly. Then his hand strayed to her vagina and
round to her bottom, before he circled around her and, pressing his obvious
erection against her arse, tweaked her nipples hard. Fiona's face during this
was a joy to behold. She was so proud normally that it was wonderful to find so
many ways to humiliate her, and her pain threshold was so low that anything they
did brought tears to her eyes.

	When he was satisfied, Jones pushed her towards to whipping post.
Stevens watched from the other side as Fiona struggled over it, her big white
breasts wobbling downwards. Jones took his time spreading her legs, and ran his
hands up the inner aspect of her thighs until he reached her pussy, eliciting
yet another groan as he fingered her cunt. He took his time, knowing that Fiona
was hating every moment, and waiting nervously for him to enter her arse.
Instead, he took up the tawse and aimed a searing stroke to her waiting globes.

	The shot took Fiona completely by surprise and she let out a loud
scream, kicking her right leg out. This exposed her left thigh and the tawse
wrapped itself around its inner aspect, leaving a broad red line. The third
stroke hit the returning right thigh as Fiona desperately tried to wriggle out
of the way, and the fourth seared across the meat of her backside, rippling her
flesh satisfyingly. "You were right." Jones told Stevens, "She can't take it
very well can she?"

	He brought the next two strokes down in quick succession and laughed as
Fiona tried, but failed to suppress another shriek.

	After the first six strokes, Jones ran his hands down Fiona's right leg.
When he reached her ankle, he grasped it and raised it level with her bottom. He
quickly brought down three strokes of the tawse on the sole of her foot, holding
it still as she tried to pull it free. He let go and went for the left foot,
catching Fiona as she tried to climb off the post. Another three strokes brought
anguished squeals and Fiona collapsed back onto the wooden bar sobbing.

	Jones turned to the other nurses. "Dr Stevens tells me that you have all
had to take harsher punishment because of Fiona. Now is your chance for revenge.
You will each give her six hard strokes of the tawse. If any of the strokes are
not hard enough, then you too will receive six extra strokes. Do you
understand?" The nurses nodded meekly.

	Fiona was already feeling completely desperate when she heard Stevens
speech, and she only just stopped herself pleading for mercy. This was worst of
all. Now she was going to be whipped by the very people she had been leading,
who had looked up at her. Now they would be looking down at her raw red bottom
and her spread legs, and having witnessed her humiliating beatings, they would
be beating her themselves!

	Fiona could feel herself trembling as Jones announced that Jeanette
would be the first to go. Oh wretched body letting her down again! She heard the
now familiar swish through the air and then felt the hideous impact in the
middle of her bottom. Just as the pain started to ease, the second stroke
arrived just above the first one, and added to the hurting. Jeanette certainly
wasn't easing up and the next four strokes were measured and harsh. Fiona found
herself blinking away more tears and trying vainly to control her sobbing.

	Sarah was next, and she was less measured and accurate. Fiona had
managed not to scream as Jeanette had beaten her, but a couple of misplaced
shots onto her pussy robbed her of even that small ambition. As the last stroke
seared down her right thigh she let out a piercing scream of anger and distress.
Finally, Helen. Fiona looked back over her shoulder to see her looming above
her, tawse raised aloft, a determined look on her face. She saw Helens arm drop
and then yelped as the tawse bit into her again and then again and again, three
swift hard strokes. Helen was reaping her revenge for all the humiliation heaped
on her because of Fiona, but understanding was of no help to her as she writhed
her bottom lewdly in response. The last three strokes were probably the hardest
she had received, and her answering cries the loudest, most despairing she had
howled.

	Finally it was over! But the, oh God! She remembered just as Jones had
reached her spread pussy. She felt him draw his finger along her labia, and then
over the skin to her anus. Slowly, so that she could feel every bit if it, he
pushed his finger inside her. Fiona knew it was a way of demonstrating his
mastery over her, but the unpleasant sensation, adding to the humiliation,
demolished all barriers she tried to put up. Every movement made her aware of
where his finger was, whether it was her tensing or Jones playing. Then she
heard Stevens laughingly tell Jones to let the others have a go. He slowly
removed his finger and told Helen to do what he had been doing.

	"No! You can't do this to me." Fiona heard herself shout, and she tried
to push herself up. Heavy hands stopped her and she felt Helens hand on her
bottom. Then, without lubrication, her finger entered. Oh God, that was painful.
Jones made Helen keep it there for a short while and then the finger was
removed. Jones called Sarah over, and the process repeated. Finally Jones said
"Jeanette, you're last."

	Jeanette looked down at Fiona who was weeping freely. She didn't want to
put her finger up Fiona's bum, but she had no choice. She remembered how she had
felt when Jones had done it to her. It had been awful, but at the same time
incredibly arousing. She blushed furiously as she remembered the intensity of
her orgasm.

	The others hadn't wanted to touch Fiona's pussy, so their dry fingers
had hurt her. Jeanette was more considerate and wet her finger with Fiona's
juices before entering her. The sensation was strange - different but similar to
fingering a vagina. Jeanette was ashamed to realise she was quite enjoying it,
despite Fiona's obvious distress.

	Finally Fiona was instructed to stand up. As she got to her feet, she
kept her eyes fixed on the ground, unable to look at her colleagues. Each of the
nurses stood a little away from each other, looking forlorn. Sarah and Fiona
were in just their stockings, Helen was fully naked apart from her shoes and
Jeanette wore her now cut tights and shoes. Stevens decided to take charge
again. It was time for the cane.

	He decided to cane them in pairs, Helen and Sarah first, and in two
separate sessions of six strokes each. The two blondes were told to climb onto
the settee, and then bend over the back, with their hands on the floor. Although
this gave him rather a high target, it raised the nurses backsides perfectly,
and with their legs spread, exposed them fully once more. Stevens circled the
settee with Jones to see how their breasts dangled down and then took up his
position. He raised the cane and brought a scything vertical shot onto Sarah's
left buttock. She screamed and brought her hands up to protect her backside.

	"Put those hands down!" Stevens ordered, and as she obeyed, the cane
left its biting imprint on her right cheek. Helen was next and the cane bit deep
into her ample bottom. "Oh, oh, ooh." Helen moaned, then "Aargh!" as it found
the opposite cheek. Stevens stood back to admire the four vertical lines burning
on the girls bottoms. Both were sobbing and already whimpering in anticipation
of the next stroke.

	Stevens did not disappoint. Each nurse received another two vertical
cuts to their buttocks and both begged for him to stop, pleading that they
couldn't take any more. They yelled loudly and tensed and untensed their cheeks
in an attempt to dissipate the pain. Stevens wasn't going to let up. His next
two strokes caused Sarah to practically jump off the settee and Helens final two
brought shrill shrieks followed by hearty sobs. Stevens left them for a couple
of minutes, watching the nurses naked bodies shudder and listening to their
crying. Then he instructed Jeanette and Fiona to swap places.

	The nurses flopped over the edge of the settee and Stevens parted their
thighs until their inner legs met. He withdrew a coil of rope from his pocket
and tied their ankles together. Then he pulled Jeanette's shoes off so that both
nurses were in their stocking feet. He knew that Fiona was panicking from her
whimpers and trembling, but he also thought he could detect similar signs in
Jeanette, and exalted at the thought. Jones moved around the settee to watch the
reaction on the nurses' faces, and no doubt enjoy the sight of their breasts
wobbling in response to the strokes.

	Stevens raised the cane, and then brought it sharply down. It sang
through the air and with a loud crack embedded itself into Jeanette's soft
mounds. She let out a high pitched whimper of distress and flinched in
anticipation of the next stroke. That came just as she relaxed and cut high onto
her right buttock. She squealed in agony and kicked her right leg, pulling
Fiona's upwards. Fiona had started to cry before the cane touched her, and her
first stroke brought a loud, prolonged shriek. The second, a scorching shot
caused Fiona to emit inarticulate groaning sounds and try in vain to climb off
the settee.

	By now it was obvious that Jeanette was whimpering loudly and Stevens
brought the cane down with all his strength, a diagonal cut to both buttocks.
Jeanette let out a loud long yell, followed by a sob and Jones pulled her head
back to reveal tears streaming down her face. Finally they had got to her. An
opposing diagonal stroke brought even more distress. Fiona's next two strokes
were also diagonal, and both were telling. She had lost the ability to
articulate, and her whimpering sobs were punctuated with loud screams. Stevens
gave each of them their last two strokes quickly and then left them miserably
bending over the settee as he and Jones shared another whisky.

	It was now time for the finale, and Stevens approached the end of the
nurses' punishment with some regret that it would soon be over. He had enjoyed
his evening of power enormously and reflected that it would probably be the only
time in his life that he ever did such a thing. He had to make sure that he
finished the job with panache. Stevens pondered for a while on how he could best
achieve this. Then he remembered how turned on he was by the rope tying Jeanette
and Fiona together. He had his answer!

	Jeanette was first. Stevens pulled the still sobbing nurse over to the
window. He tied a length of cord around her waist and then brought the loose end
down between her bum cheeks and tightly up between her pink pussy lips. Jeanette
gasped as the rope burnt into her crotch. She was then pulled over the back of a
dining chair and her hands tied to one of the wooden slats below the seat. Her
legs were spread and tied to the left and right chair legs respectively leaving
her totally at his mercy. He gave her a quick slap to emphasise the point.

	Helen was next and to her distress, she too was given an excruciatingly
tight crotch rope. She was ordered to lay in front of the whipping post and
grasp each end of the horizontal slat with her hands. Her wrists were then
quickly tied to the vertical slats. Next Stevens and Jones raised one leg each
and secured them to ledges on the upper part of the vertical posts. The
apparatus was stable and therefore Helen hung with her bottom in the air and her
legs spread wide. The final touch was a rope from the horizontal slat pulling
tightly on the crotch rope. She groaned loudly as her body weight forced the
cord further into her sore cunt.

	 Sarah had been watching shocked as her friends allowed themselves to be
tied up. But she realised that none of them really had a choice, and acquiesced
as Stevens pulled her to the table. "Is it nearly over?" she heard herself
whimper, and in a rare moment of kindness Stevens nodded. Then, as her crotch
rope was yanked tight, she remembered with a shock that they had once been quite
friendly on the wards. Those days seemed a long time ago.

	Sarah was made to lay face down on the table, the cold surface
stiffening her nipples. She was tied spread-eagled, a limb to each table leg,
and a couple of cushions were pushed under her hips to raise her bottom. She
tested the ropes and found she could barely move an inch. Now Stevens could do
exactly what he liked to her. She had begun to tremble again.

	Fiona was last and Stevens dragged her roughly to her feet by her hair.
"Put your hands on the back of your head." he ordered. This thrust her large
breasts forwards and he gleefully entwined the rope tightly around each mound
until only half of her breasts were visible, discolouring slightly. Fiona was
crying yet again and then squealed as he twisted her nipples harshly. Next came
the crotch rope, as tight as he could make it, and then Fiona's arms were tied
behind her back, forearm to forearm. Lastly her legs were spread and tied to the
foot of each side of the settee and she was pushed forward onto her front. This
had two effects, first to further compress her breasts against the floor,
secondly to raise her bottom to the perfect position.

	As the nurses lay in their various poses Stevens threw open his
curtains. He knew that in the block opposite lived "The Weasel", one of the
hospital porters and a man renowned as a peeping tom. The nurses obviously knew
this too, as each of them groaned. Stevens laughed. The old bugger's eyes must
be popping out! He still had one final trick up his sleeve though. He proceeded
to blindfold each of the nurses, so that none of them would know when their
strokes were going to land.

	Stevens and Jones walked among them for five minutes. Jones had picked
up the tawse and both of them swished their implements from time to time,
enjoying the anticipatory whimpers of the girls. They took plenty of time to
fondle whoever they were nearest to and tug their crotch ropes. Helen in
particular was in some distress even before the cane had fallen.

	Once the two men had satisfied themselves, Jones nodded to Stevens.
Stevens moved quietly towards Jeanette and brought the cane down hard. It
embedded itself deep in her cheeks and then sprung free as Jeanette howled in
response. She tried to pull away but found herself tightly held by the ropes.
Jones was standing next to Sarah and quickly followed with a harsh stroke of the
tawse to her bottom. She squealed and pulled at her bonds.

	Both Fiona and Helen had started to whimper, anticipating that it was to
be their turn next. Stevens made them wait, enjoying their moans and groans. He
had a wonderful view of Helens spread vagina, the crotch rope parting her labia.
He raised the cane and swished it down her ample bottom with a crack. Helen
yelled and swung slightly from side to side, aggravating her crotch rope and
eliciting a number of mewling whimpers. Jones moved to Fiona and brought down a
cracking blow to the top of her waiting bottom. A harsh cry told him she had
felt that one!

	Stevens moved quickly over to Fiona, and giving her no time to recover,
slashed the cane down onto the bright band left by the tawse. She jerked and
shrieked loudly with the pain and surprise. Jones' tawse bit into Helens waiting
backside moments later and then, keeping up the momentum, Stevens caned the
prostrate Sarah whilst Jones tawsed Jeanette.

	After the first set of strokes, the nurses were again made to wait,
sobbing and whimpering whenever the men swished their implements near them. This
time Stevens and Jones tried to make their strokes as simultaneous as possible,
Stevens caning first Helen, then Fiona, then Sarah and finally Jeanette. He
caned them hard and their answering cries told him of his success. The tawse
only added to their distress.

	Sevens moved back to Helen, and admired his bondage handiwork. Not bad
for a beginner he told himself! Given the previous vertical strokes, Helens
bottom now showed a grid-like pattern of angry marks. She was sobbing and he
could see tears falling from behind her blindfold. At that moment she sensed his
presence and gave a despairing whimper, tensing her bottom. He allowed her to
relax a little, enjoying the way the crotch rope bisected her bushy pale pussy.
Then he brought the cane down onto the junction between her bottom and thighs.
CRACK! Followed by "Nooooooo!" as the pain seared into her bottom. Whilst
watching its effect he heard the tawse smack down and recognised Fiona's
anguished howl.

	He moved to her next, sobbing and whimpering on the floor, no longer the
haughty nemesis she'd been. He caned her with considerable force, watching her
cheeks ripple and hearing yet another despairing squeal. He looked forward to
seeing her on the ward tomorrow. Behind him he heard Sarah yelp as the tawse bit
her bottom.

	Sarah was next for his attentions. She lay spread-eagled on the table,
and the cushions pushing her bottom up exposed her shaved pussy lips. It was
these little personal details that he would remember. She had the nicest figure
of the lot of them, especially her firm pert bottom, and the cane bit avidly
into it, springing back to leave a white line slowly turning red. SPLAT! The
sound of the tawse merged with Sarah's howl and was followed by Jeanette's
plaintive cry.

	She was fully broken now, sobbing as much as the others. Tears fell onto
the chair she was tied to, and her legs bent and straightened as if trying to
shake away the pain. Stevens waited until they were straight and then caned her
across the middle of her thighs. Her whole body tensed and she emitted a
piercing shriek. Helens howl joined it moments later in a duet of pain and
misery.

	Fiona lay with her face pressed on the carpet, painfully aware of her
raised bottom. Her breasts ached from the combined pressure of the ropes and her
body weight, and her bonds left her totally helpless. She could feel her tears
trickling down her cheeks, and felt the cold air on her spread vagina. She heard
herself whimpering and then, before she could prepare herself, the swish of the
cane through the air. This was the worst of all, a biting, stinging line that
slowly spread all over her bottom. She screamed again and prayed that it would
be over soon.

	For Stevens the opposite was true. He and Jones continued their caning
and tawsing until only one stroke of each was left. The nurses had long since
reached their limits of tolerance, and he knew that these would have to be the
last strokes.

	He chose Sarah first, lying spread-eagled on the table. He raised the
cane and WHOPP! It bit into her pert bottom. Sarah jerked and squealed, pulling
at her bonds before collapsing once more. Stevens turned to Jones, who stood
next to Helen. He brought the tawse down hard onto her pussy and her whole face
contorted with anguish. The momentum swung her slightly, pulling harder at her
crotch rope, and she let out a huge sob.

	Stevens chose Jeanette next. She whimpered as he approached, and tensed
her bottom in anticipation of the rod. Instead he stroked her vagina, slipping
his fingers into her wetness and she sobbed at the humiliation. He gave her a
couple of playful slaps, and took up the cane, picking his spot with precision -
the sensitive area between her bum and thighs. Jeanette jerked and let out a
long low moan as the pain spread. This was followed by a gulping sob. Meanwhile
Jones had positioned himself behind Fiona. Whilst Stevens had been caning
Jeanette, he had been licking her private parts and taunting her about the
stroke to come. It was delivered hard to her exposed pussy lips and she
collapsed onto her side moaning incoherently. Jones dragged her back into
position.

	With Jeanette and Sarah caned, Stevens moved onto Helen. He had fancied
her from the first time they'd met and exalted at the sight of her glorious
naked body. Realising that time was short he bent down and fondled her breasts
pulling and squeezing and tweaking her nipples. They were perfect. Then he moved
down her body and, pulling the crotch rope to one side, licked her pinkness for
the last time. His fingers probed her intimately and he enjoyed her
corresponding moans. Only when he was satisfied did he pick up the cane and
bring down a searing blow on her waiting nates. Helen screamed loudly and then
swung jerkily from side to side, whimpering. She would remember this for a long
time.

	As Stevens enjoyed the sight of Helens distress, Jones climbed onto the
table and knelt over Sarah. He brought the tawse down vertically between her
parted legs and it slapped hard into her pussy, taking her breath away in a high
pitched gasp. She tried desperately to move her body, in an attempt to dissipate
the pain, but her bonds restricted her. She lay gulping great sobs of despair.

	Now each man had reached their last stroke. Stevens indicated to Jones
that he should tawse Jeanette first. He reached in his pocket and brought out a
pair of scissors, and began to trim Fiona's pussy whilst he watched, despite her
pleas to stop. Jones raised the tawse and brought it splatting down between
Jeanette's thighs. She squealed and almost overturned herself and the chair in
her desperation to avoid the pain. Once she had steadied herself she lay limply
over the chair, crying her heart out.

	Stevens took his time. He had guessed that Fiona was proud of her bushy
pussy and her reaction proved him right. Of course, given her position, it was
impossible to do a good job, but he snipped happily away until her pubes were
trimmed down. Only then did he stand up.

	"You are one of the most arrogant women I have ever met." he told her.
"You are rude and cocky, and worst of all a common thief. Well you can't get
away with that, you haughty little miss. That's why you've been treated like
this. Just remember what I have on you. It won't go away. If you ever treat me
like dirt again I'll make sure people know about what went on tonight. Do I make
myself clear?"

	"Yes sir." Fiona whispered in reply, and Stevens smiled happily to
himself. Still, the last stroke was going to be a scorcher. He brought the cane
down with as much force as he could muster and it sank deep into her cheeks
before springing sharply back. Fiona let out an animal scream and again fell
onto her side. This time Stevens left her there, sobbing.

	It must have been a good ten minutes before the nurses sobbing subsided.
As soon as the caning was over their blindfolds were removed, but they were left
where they were whilst Stevens and Jones enjoyed another drink. When they had
finished, Jones whispered something in Stevens ear and Stevens nodded
vigorously, smiling.

	They untied the nurses, who were still in an abject state. One by one
they stood up, rubbing their bottoms and staring at the floor, heads low.
Stevens instructed Jeanette, Sarah and Fiona to remove their stockings or tights
and put their shoes back on. Then he made all four naked nurses stand in front
of the window, with their hands on the back of their heads, elbows pulled back.
Thus they presented their bodies to anyone who looked out of their own windows.

	Stevens and Jones stood behind them. In front of Stevens stood Helen and
Fiona. Both their bottoms were bruising nicely, the red glow fading. "Spread
your legs girls" he said and they obeyed him instantly. Jones had a grandstand
view of Sarah and Jeanette, their bottoms in a similar state.

	"Well girls" said Stevens, "your punishment is nearly over, and that
saddens me. You really have been delightful. When I dismiss you you shall put
your uniforms on and leave. I will keep your underwear, stockings and tights as
a souvenir." Their reflections in the window afforded him a great "full frontal"
view, and he saw them grimace at this. "Now for the last part of this punishment
you will all stand still. If any one of you moves, you will each receive another
six strokes of the cane. Do I make myself clear?"

	"Yes sir." the nurses replied in unison.

	"Right, as I've said, Mr Jones and myself have enjoyed ourselves
enormously, and you've provided us with a night to remember for the rest of our
lives. You are all very sexy and we are both very aroused. We can't let you go
without showing you our appreciation."

	With that both men unzipped their flies, pulled out their erect penises
and began to masturbate. The nurses faces were a picture of horror and dismay.
Fiona opened her mouth to protest, but thought better of it and closed it with a
mournful sigh.

	Stevens didn't need long. After a short masturbation he felt the
familiar sensation of release and his hot come splashed out onto first Helens
and then Fiona's back, dripping down onto their punished bottoms. Stevens
watched the dismayed, humiliated expressions on their faces and turned to see
Jones come over the equally distraught Sarah and Jeanette. Jones' output was
amazing and he still had enough sperm left to move round to the front and shed
the rest of his load over Fiona's chest and belly. Stevens joined him and saw
that a splash of his come had hit Fiona's once proud face. Jones was happily
rubbing his sperm into her breasts, and Stevens took some of it and rubbed it
onto the other nurses. All of them had started to cry at the shame.

	"Turn around, keeping your poses." Stevens ordered. He wanted the video
camera to pick up their expressions and see the come on Fiona's chest. When he
was satisfied he said "You can go now." The nurses quickly pulled their uniforms
on and as he opened the door, filed hurriedly past him, heads down, avoiding his
eyes.

	As he re-entered the room he saw Jones replacing his penis and with a
shock realised that his too was still hanging out. Jones grinned sheepishly.
"Got to be going old man. Thanks for a smashing evening. Send us a copy of the
video eh?" Stevens said he would and let him out. Then he settled back into the
settee over which he had caned all four nurses earlier, and sipping at a malt
whiskey, thought about what he was going to say to them on the wards tomorrow.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





