BDSM Library - Time Gentlemen Please




Time Gentlemen Please
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: You can find the price for being greedy a little more than you want to pay.
Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                                          Another story by Pagan.

                  Time Gentlemen Please.

I put the receiver down and pushed back in to the sitting room, Mark who was
still sitting watching the porn film heard me say, "The bitch", he looked up at
me as I picked up the can of Fosters, "What's up mate"?
I sat down and took a swig, "Its Sarah, you know I told you we had a load of
builders in the bar, bloody good drinkers, well as soon as she knew they had
just been paid off and were moving on she was doing her usual land-lady flirty
bit, well I got pissed off, said I'd go, she could close up, didn't think I was
needed and I've got an early start in the morning", I took another swig.

Mark looked quizzically at me, "Martin spit it out, what's the problem; you two
did buy the pub to make money, didn't you"?
I snapped back at him, "Yes, of course we did, but not to spend every hour of
every day and night there, she's gone money mad".
Mark shrugged his shoulders and turned his attention back to the film.

I sat there seething, "Look mate you don't fucking understand, as soon as she
sees people with money she starts, chatting, laughing and I don't matter, she
just wants their cash, now she's doing a lock in, says their spending good money
I've told her I'm going to get pissed with you, do you know what the bitch
said"?

Mark turned, looked and shook a disinterested head, but I ranted on "She said,
that's typical of you, you spend it, I make it, well fuck her if monies that
important to her, she can stay there all bloody night, let her have her fucking
lock in".

Mark took another swig, "She's your wife, I just hope she don't get to pissed to
drive home".
I laughed, "Oh no she's to cute for that, she will look as though she's drinking
but all they buy her will be hidden under the bar for pouring back in the bottle
later".

I sat there, Mark watched some bird getting fucked on the T V but me I was
really pissed off, it was just as much my pub as hers, O K I'll give you she's
pretty, she makes herself look even better you know short skirts and tight
blouse's, maybe flirts a bit and, yes she's right it does bring in the punters,
but there has to be a limit, we should have a life together, I didn't want to
watch the sex I wanted to have some, it was then I told Mark I was going home
but as I got in the car I decided to go back and close that bloody pub, just to
show her who was the boss.

I pulled in to the car park; the three white vans were still there. I knew it
was pointless trying the front door, it would be bolted, I went to the kitchen
door, found the key and slipped in.
I could here men's laughter; I crept in to the back lounge bar. The lights were
low so as not to alert any passing police cars, I had a good view of the main
bar. Two men were playing pool, the others were dotted round the bar some more
drunk than others, Sarah was behind the bar, I could see about eight brandy
glass's under the counter, they must have been spending well.

I noticed she wasn't her usual chatty self, she was polishing glass's then I
heard the pool balls released again, she said, "Come on boys you said that was
the last one, its time to close".
One of them, who was well oiled said, "Come on, you said your old man was away
getting pissed, what you got to go home for, ain't our company good enough
anymore, you didn't complain when you were taking our money".

I stood back in the shadows, counted eight of them and thought, O K little miss
smarty-pants lets see you talk your way out of this.

One said, "Put some music on I fancy a dance", the bloke beside the pool table
flicked the on switch at the music player and inserted a coin, Sarah rushed out
from behind the bar, "No, no we have got to be quiet, police and all that", but
she never reached the machine a hand grabbed her a pulled her to him, Lady in
Red, started playing.

She struggled, at that moment I laughed, I thought she must have wished I was
there or that she'd come home with me, she was really struggling but she was no
match for the man, he held her arms by her side almost lifting her around to the
music.

She was getting angry, shouting at him as she tried to pull her arms up, all he
was doing was singing to her as he swayed her from side to side, then he looked
at one guy near the bar, "Go serve some more beers while me and the land-lady
smooch a bit".

I tried hard not to giggle at her helplessness as she pleaded with the others to
make him stop, her little high heels trying to keep her in touch with the floor.

As the man who had been designated to get drinks stepped behind the bar things
took a turn for, how should I say, the unusual?

"Look at this, that bitch hasn't been drinking the brandies we been buying her,
she's got them all down here", the one dancing stopped and looked at her, "You
gona put them back in the morning, was yer"?
The man behind the bar put all eight drinks on the counter, she was really
struggling now, the man holding said, "Who's got tape in their pocket"? One guy
moved over to his jacket fumbled in the pocket and pulled out a roll of red
insulation tape.

The man holding her pulled her wrists back, "Just keep her still, wrap some
round her wrists", she shouted, pleaded, almost cried but to no avail as the man
wrapped the tape securely around, trapping her wrists behind her.

Now let me think, do I run to my wife's aid or, like the series you say you
don't want to watch, but curiosity demands you do, do I wait and see what
happens next, after all I'm not wanted, I'm not the one who brings the punters
in and most of all, I'm not here, am I?

Still protesting she was marched to the bar; the music had stopped as all the
men gathered round her, he pointed to the glass's, "Go on Trev, pour us all
another and lets have another brandy for the land-lady and make them large ones
because these are on the house".
Sarah was trying everything now; the, I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you and
the, you have been wonderful customers, untie me and we'll have a drink and
forget about everything routines, but they weren't buying it.

The one holding her looked at Trev, "Is there a funnel behind there, there must
be one for her to pour drinks back that good honest customers buy her", he
pulled her round, "Just so she can make extra profit".

My enjoyment of her humiliation was slightly tainted by two of the more drunken
ones who were looking at Sarah and her helplessness, whispering to each other
and cupping their hands at their crutch, it was then that I regretted the fact
she had worn that short black skirt and white lacy blouse, she has good legs but
high heels and no stockings made her look a bit tarty.
I put it out of my mind as the one behind the bar found the funnel.

As much as they tried to hold her tight she moved and fought as they tried to
force the funnel in to her mouth, the one who had started it all said, "You are
going to drink it, you just made it harder on yourself, bring that chair over to
the middle".

One of the large wooden armchairs was brought from beside the fire to just in
front the pool table and Sarah was dragged back to it, her language was getting
foul as she cursed at them to get off of her.
They forced her down, I watched as they taped her ankles to the chair legs then
pulled her arms over the back and more tape secured them to the centre stave.

Now she was unable to defend herself they concentrated on her mouth, holding her
nose and pushing the funnel between her lips. They pushed the end in quite a
long way; I thought it must be over her tongue, nearly at the back of her
throat.

Again he took the tape and wrapped it round the funnel at the top of the base
just under neck; holding it firm they wrapped the tape round her head then round
the funnel and again around her head until its was impossible for her to
dislodge it.

They stood back and looked at her as she made silly noises from behind the
funnel gag, I started to wonder if they were going a bit to far just to make her
drink but she had brought it on herself and I felt a little excited at her being
taken down a peg or two, besides what could I do there were eight of them.

The glass's were put on a tray and brought over to her, the now self elected
leader looked at her, so did those two I had noticed earlier, in the struggle
and the fact her ankles were tied to ether side of the chair her skirt was
showing a good bit of thigh and they had positioned themselves to get a better
view up her skirt.

He picked up the first glass, "Digger hold her head back", as her head went back
it pushed her tits out and the top button on her blouse flicked undone, I held
my breath and waited as he moved forward and tipped the first brandy slowly in
to the funnel, he smiled down at her, "Cheers".

I could see her throat working on swallowing the liquid, her tits heaved as she
tried to breath, her eyes fixed on him as he stood posed with the next glass
full.
"Who bought her this one"? Trev moved forward, took the glass and proceeded to
pour it down the funnel; this went on until they got to the last one, the fight
had gone out of Sarah, the drink and knowing she couldn't stop them had brought
her to heel.

I noticed it first, a police car, then one of them saw it, quickly the leader
who some-one called Ray said, "We'll slip out and move the vans, you three go
round back and ask for directions while we move the vans", one of the two I
didn't like said, "We'll hang on and keep things in line in here", I swallowed
when Ray said, "O K".

As they left these two moved towards Sarah, one put his hand in his pocket and
pulled out a cork, he must have found it behind the bar, he pushed it in to the
neck of the funnel cutting her sound off completely her head moved slowly from
side to side, she was breathing heavily through her nose, her tits raising and
falling very invitingly.

Now I know most of you will think that I should do something but I couldn't, I
just couldn't something inside said, if I failed then we would both be in danger
at least this way I was still around when they went, I mean there was only one
drink and the large one left, they must go soon.

I watched as the one stood behind her slid his hands on to her neck, "Your very
pretty, pity you have that thing stuck in your mouth, I've been looking at that
mouth all night, you'll not be surprised but I've been imagining my cock stuck
deep inside it and as for your tits".

His hands slid down and in to the front of her blouse, the other one started
undoing the buttons, he pushed the two halves apart, I could see the other mans
hands inside her sheer white bra.
He grinned, "She's got a nice handful, haven't you Sarah; good to squeeze and
play with and nice nipples, you like them pulled, you like your tits played
with, makes you hot makes you want to fuck"?

The other one pulled her bra up, "Shift your hands lets have some of her, lets
have a suck", he knelt on one knee and pinched her nipple, she made a weird
moaning noise as his mouth enveloped her nipple.
The first one carried on playing with her left nipple, his mouth next to her
ear, "You enjoying this you money grabbing bitch, well just for a change your
going to put out and we'll have our monies worth with you".

As both men abused and played with her tits, I closed my fists and thought this
is it, but, yes there's always a but he knelt down, his right hand pulled at her
nipple, her head rolled from side to side and she moaned pitifully, his hand
went to her knee and slid up to her thigh, "You getting hot, you want me to give
your cunt a little squeeze, a Sarah, your cunt nice, juicy and wet, you want a
fingering"?

As he spoke to the other one, "You want to feel her cunt, you been wanting to
get your hands in her pants all night", he looked up at the helpless Sarah, "I'm
going to have fun fucking you", I don't know why but I found myself rooted to
the spot and I had the biggest hard on.

Just as I contemplated rescuing her, the others came back, I thought, lucky I'd
stayed hidden. The two men playing with her hurriedly tried to redress her but
not quick enough, "Look at these two horny bastards, we get out the way and they
get her tits out, anyway what they like"?

Both men said, "Fucking lovely, nice handful, good size nips", Ray walked around
in front, as he past the pool table he picked up a cue, he looked at her, her
blouse half undone most of her tits on show, he took the thin end of the cue and
aimed the fat end between her legs, lifting the tight skirt as much as it would
move.

"Oh Sarah, black, thongy sexy pants, got anything interesting in them, you know
some of my mates want to get their hands in them, have a feel round, see what
you got, but I told them that's after we've given you the rest of your drinks",
She was moaning at them, but they took no notice, he screwed the cue forward so
she was sitting on it between her legs as Digger grabbed her head, pulled it
back and uncorked the mouthpiece; Ray picked up a glass and poured more brandy
into her.

The last glass was picked from the tray and poured slowly in, his arm raising
up, making a show of pouring it from a height, they let go of her head and
pulled at the tape from around her head.
Slowly they unwound it releasing the trapped funnel, they pulled it from her
mouth and she choked and coughed her head rolling from side to side her voice a
slurring horse whisper.

He bent beside her, "Fancy continuing that dance", they pulled the cue away,
untied her arms from the chair, then they released her ankles, hands ran up her
legs as they did. Ray pushed them aside and lifted her, with her wrists still
tied she sort of fell on to his body as he moved her to a much quieter Lady in
Red.

Even with that amount of brandy now flowing through her body she still struggled
as he swayed and pulled at her, gripping her with one hand as his other dragged
her hair back saying, "Come on Sarah give us a kiss, lets tongue your mouth, you
may like it, if you do we can tongue some more, elsewhere".

She tried to move her head, she tried to keep her balance, fighting the effect
of the drink but he was to strong and his mouth closed over hers, I could see
her eyes trying to focus as he forced himself on to her, his other hand pushed
her bound wrists out the way and tugged at the zipper on her skirt.

She really pushed at him until, "Hold her still Ray, I've got the zip", the one
who had got her tits out moved and tugged the zip down, Ray immediately let go
of her head and slid both hands down and inside the waistband of her skirt, I
could see the outline of his hands covering her ass as he gyrated his hips to
the music.

"You got a nice ass, Sarah, feels firm, tell me do you like it spanked, we all
know you're a bad girl so maybe a spanking on this meaty cute bum of yours may
do you some good".
She shook her head, "Nooo please stop, let me gooo, I said I was sorry, you
can't do this to me, please stop, I aahhhh", she squealed as he squeezed her ass
cheeks hard, "Oh come on Sarah its only a bit of fun, you're a good looking
woman, we ain't had a good looking woman to play with for a while and you did
ask us to stay and that was after you got rid of Martin, so what say we have a
bit of fun, just you and us".

She struggled as he started to pull her around, clutching her naked ass,
grinding her to him, her heels fighting to stay on the floor. The song started
to finish, she shook her head trying desperately to clear it, "No please it was
only business".
He grinned as he moved her back towards the pool table, "Your right Sarah and we
mean business".

Her pleading was cut short as she felt the pool table behind her and his hands
slipped from her ass to her hips, "Up you go", and he lifted her on to the pool
table, she tried to kick at him but he soon stood between her dangling legs, he
grabbed her jaw, "Now Sarah behave or you'll have more than a stinging ass".

Still holding her jaw he pulled her forward and licked her lips pushing his
tongue all around them and in to her mouth; as he did two men positioned
themselves ether side of her and started undoing what was left of her blouse,
pulling the two halves wide and down her arms, her bra straps quickly followed.

Before hands grabbed at her naked tits Ray pulled away from her mouth and looked
down, "My, my Sarah, now that's a nice handful", as hands started to squeeze and
pull at them he looked at her, "With nipples like that I think I should say a
good mouthful, what other goodies you got"?

He stood back as Trev got on the pool table and lifted her, someone else dragged
at her skirt; it slid down her legs and dropped to the floor, she started to
cry.
He stood there grinning at her as hands pulled at her tits and other hands
pulled her legs apart, "Oh come on Sarah, you're a big girl, there's no need to
cry, you fucked with us so we're going to fuck you, all of us, maybe more than
once, we wondered if you'd put out, now you have no option and some of these
lads are in no mood to make love, they just want to fuck your brains out and by
the way you've been wiggling that ass about all night you just might enjoy it".

I watched the horror on her face as, even through the drunken stupor she
realized they were serious, she started to kick and squeal, she even tried to
head-butt one, but she was no match for them, Ray tugged her thong down and off,
"Now that's a nice hair cut, stick those in her mouth, the tapes beside you,
lets teach Sarah some manners, then we'll all inspect that trim a lot closer".

Now your thinking why aren't I doing something, I'm standing there while my wife
is almost naked and about to be gang raped, well there were to many for me to
take on, and if I involved the police there would be questions and as I said I'm
not here and this hard on is almost ripping my trousers.

They swarmed over her, holding her head and forcing her pants in to her mouth,
the tape was used to keep them in, one of them held her head, "You like
something in your mouth", he licked over some of the pants that stuck out from
her lips, "You better".

They pulled her down spun her round and over the pool table, her elbows were
taped so they could untape her wrists and pull away her bra and blouse, some-one
shouted, "Oh yes lets have Sarah completely naked, lets have it all out to
play".

I've got to say it was a sexy sight, her totally naked apart from her black
shoes; Digger got on the table and knelt over her head, keeping her pinned to
the cloth; her wrists were dragged apart as Ray licked his finger, ran it up the
full length of her cunt and ass before delivering the first stinging slap to her
left cheek.

A muffled shriek came from beneath Diggers crutch as Ray said, "Who wants the
right one"? Trev was quick to swing his hand back and down, another shriek.
The bar resounded to the slapping of naked skin, one after the other they swiped
her ass, even in the dim light I could see it turning red; the squeals became
less and her legs stopped kicking back as Trev bent as close to her as he could
get, "Your ass nice and hot, how about we start stinging the back of your
thighs".

A last futile effort to kick back brought two hands down hard on the back of the
tops of her legs, the squeal was loud, then another and another, the slapping
continued until she couldn't hold herself up, her knees buckled and parted,
some-one drove a finger in to her cunt, "Lets fuck her".

Digger got off her as Ray grabbed a handful of hair, "Learnt your lesson, time
to do as your told", he shook her, she groaned and tried a nod, "Well done Sarah
now your not going to do anything silly are you, while we bend you over that
chair and start getting our monies worth out of fucking you for a few hours".

He unwound the tape and dragged the thong out of her mouth, then put them in his
pocket, "Just a souvenir", she looked at him I could see her tear stained face,
he stroked her hair, "Kiss me", his hand slid up and cupped her tit, "I said
kiss me or we'll sting these tits like your ass", she open her mouth and let him
kiss her.
 
He squeezed her red ass and mauled her tit as she let him tongue her mouth, I
could see the others getting restless, then he pulled away and looked at her,
"Right my little money grabbing land-lady time for you to service your customer,
bend over that chair while you get a face fucking and I fuck this hot ass of
yours, come on Sarah over you go".

Hands gripped her and dragged her over the chair, the man who had first played
with her had his cock at her face, I heard him say "Come on Sarah show us what
your mouths for, open it and take my cock, suck it good and suck it all", he
held her head and shoved it in. Her elbows still tied Ray grabbed her wrists and
pulled them sideways, pushing his cock at her ass, I watched as he pushed and
moved forcing it up in to her, she didn't like anal sex so I knew he would have
a struggle, but he made it, I saw the grin on his face and knew he was up her.

Others watched some pulled at her swinging nipples but the two men were in no
hurry, just banging her hard one end then he would slow down while the other
fucked her hard at the other, this went on until Ray filled her ass, I heard
him, "Like that Sarah like my thick wet cum up that hot ass"? Ray looked at the
others, "Nice tight ass lads, lets make sure it ain't this tight by the time we
have finished fucking it", then the next had her cunt, he was well in to fucking
her when her mouth was filled for the first time.

Sarah coughed and spat as quickly as possible before another hand grabbed her
hair and silenced her with her next mouth full of meat.
I could move closer, they were not looking anywhere else but at my helpless wife
and how long would I have to watch he squealing with a cock in her mouth,
another up her cunt while she squirmed and cried, I wondered what else they were
going to do to her.

I listened to the two fucking her, laughing at her, "You know her cunts not half
bad, sucks a cock in nicely I can feel her holding on to me, you enjoying this
Sarah or can't you talk with your mouth full"?
The one fucking her mouth, "Yes your enjoying it aren't you bitch, listen to me,
just suck my cock further down your throat if the answers yes", with that he
shoved his full length in to her mouth, I could see her gagging and trying to
breath, "There you are, told you she loves a fat, hard cock in your mouth don't
you Sarah, and your going to suck me real good aren't you because what I'm going
to make you swallow is going to be far better than brandy".

All I could hear was her sobbing and grunting with the force of their thrust
until both of them pumped wave upon wave of cum in to her mouth and cunt, as
they pulled out of her she hung over the chair, spitting and choking up streams
of filthy male juice, then she groaned as Trev said, "Clear the table, now you
two have fucked up Sarah twice its time to make her jump with three up her".

Trev was up on the table, flat on his back as two others dragged Sarah on with
him. I heard a little whimpered, "Please stop, please no more", as she was
positioned and slid on to Trev's erect cock, he licked his lips and smiled up at
her, "Come on Sarah bend over and give Trev a nice wet girly kiss", he grabbed
her tits and pulled her, "Come on give me that kiss before some-one else wants
to fuck your mouth".

He held her head, kissing her hard as two other men positioned themselves; a
hand grabbed her hair and pulled up both my eyes and Sarah's widened as she saw
this enormous cock bobbing in front of her face, he laughed as she tried to
prevent it a finger pressed in to her ass-hole it was then she squealed and he
jammed his fat meat in to her protesting mouth.

He pushed hard down her throat, blocking it forcing her to move her head up and
down just to breath, he smiled in triumph, "Look at our Sarah fucking me with
her mouth, and she's loving it, aren't you Sarah", he held her hair and yanked
her head up and down his meat, "There she goes nodding her agreement, you're a
great mouth fuck Sarah, you really love getting it down your neck don't you and
I might let you do it again but that's after I've poked your other delights".

 I heard her grunt as the finger playing around her ass-hole was replaced by a
cock, the grunt became a painful moan as it ploughed in to her matching the
fucking Trev was giving her cunt, she was being slammed back and forth between
the three men, grunts and moans took the place of gurgled protests as they
fucked any fight she had left out of her.

As her head was held up by this enormous thing in her mouth her nipples became
targets for playthings for anybody to, slap, pinch or twist just to keep her
squirming as the impaling hard meat fucked her senseless, even I felt thankful
as first the one in her ass filled her quickly followed by her getting another
cunt full then they all waited to see just how much she was going to be forced
to swallow.

He held her and pushed in to her mouth, I saw him cum, his hips jerked as her
cheeks blew out, slowly he pulled back, her throat worked hard to transfer the
mouth full of creamy muck in to her stomach, I thought she was going to be sick
when the tip finally emerged from between her lips, Trev must have thought so to
as he quickly pushed her side ways on to the table, she brought her knees up and
lay there cum dribbling from all three holes.

I think it was Digger who said, "Who's for one hole pool", some one said, "And
that means"?
Digger went to the other side of the table and pulled Sarah on to her back, "Do
you want to know what one hole pool is Sarah, let me tell you, we are going to
lay you out on this table with your head hanging off the end, then we are going
to stretch your legs nice and wide, we can tie them open if we have to then use
your cunt as a pocket, first one in, gets the prize, and while each man is
waiting his turn, with your head hanging over the edge we can stuff your mouth
full of cock again and fuck your throat, now doesn't that sound like fun"?

There was no resistance from her as they dragged her round the table, positioned
her at the top, her head daggled over the edge and they pulled her legs wide,
Digger bent down to her, "You better keep them legs open, we could tie them
really, painfully wide", she just blinked at him.

He looked at the three who hadn't fucked her yet, "You three are 6, 7, 8 so
while we get started Sarah will suck you off, won't you Sarah", she just blankly
stared, he shook her head, "I can't hear you, you want to suck their cocks don't
you"?
Sarah meekly said, "Yes", he shook her again, "Yes what", she groaned, "I want
to suck their cocks".

He laughed, "There Sarah's getting in to the fun of the game, now, no matter
what happens you keep your legs open", I heard another groan as he said, "This
is just a little game for us to have some fun, another drink before we all fuck
you again", she tried to speak but a cock was already pumping in and out of her
mouth, Digger pulled at her nipples, lifting her tits, he started to waggling
them, she tried to speak but it was muffled by the pumping cock stuck in her
throat, "Knew you'd like the sound of that".

I could see the bloke's balls slapping in to her face as the others placed a red
ball between her outstretched ankles; the white ball was placed on the spot, Ray
took a cue and smiled at the rest.
He smacked the white on to the red it shot between her legs hitting her ass; her
knees pulled up and she squealed around the cock, the man fucking her mouth
came, I watched the juice dribbling out ether side of his cock and down towards
her eyes.

Ray put the cue down, "That's no good, with her elbows tied you can't get her
cunt low enough, turn her over, she can still suck cock and we can get her cunt
on the cloth". Sarah half spat cum from her mouth and half pleaded for them to
stop but Ray got hold of her hair, "Oh come on Sarah, you don't want to spoil
our fun, you just suck off these other two enjoyable cocks, we will play pool
then you can let us fuck you again, now don't get to upset but we may have to
leave you after that, sorry".

As the others laughed another one stood at her head and pushed his cock up in to
her mouth, her legs were spread again as Ray delivered a hard slap to her
exposed pink ass, "And keep them open, right were was I"?
He picked up the cue, replaced the balls and smacked the white again; it didn't
hit her cunt but the side of her inner thigh forcing another MMMMPPHH from
around the cock.

As another shot was lined up I heard her gag and the block fucking her mouth
pumped his juice in; with her head hanging down she just let it spew out of her
mouth, then there was another squeal louder than before as a red ball slammed in
to her cunt, "Nice shot Dave almost disappeared in her, who's next"? The word
"No", was silenced by the third man shoving his dick in between her lips.

Ray said, "That's right Sarah, legs and mouth permanently open, you're here to
be used by us, fucked by us and we decide when we've finished having fun with
you".

Two more shots were taken but I could see the men getting restless again, "How
long you going to be fucking her mouth", the bloke answered, "If she sucked a
little more", a stinging slap swiped across her ass, "Suck him girl, come on
tickle his end and suck, I'm ready to fuck your ass, so move it".

One man put his hand on the back of Sarah's head forcing her to suck the cock
that drove in to her face, I could see her mouth working franticly to get this
bloke to cum. Other men started fingering her ass and cunt suddenly the one in
her mouth started to hump, his hip pushing hard up in to her, her head was being
banged upwards, suddenly her cheeks blew out again and I knew she was sucking
down more male juice.

I thought she was going to be sick when another stinger hit her ass and she was
pulled up. I watched their hands go everywhere as they pulled her from the table
and back to sit on the chair, her cum and tearstained face looked at them, Ray
stood in front.

"You having a good time"? Sarah just looked down but Ray yanked her head back
up, "I take it you want us to leave you alone", she slowly nodded, "Right then
get this straight, we are going to untie your elbows and then you are going to
do everything we tell you to", she looked at him, "And when we've all had some
fun with you again, used your cunt again and in any way we want then we will
leave".

She looked round at all of them, "Understand", she nodded, "Oh and one more
thing, while we are fucking you make sure we enjoy you or your ass will be raw
and we'll still fuck you anyway".

God I thought how long can these guys keep at her, they had been playing with
her and fucking her for the last three hours, they got to go soon or I'd have to
look worried and come looking for her, or maybe I was so to drunk I just past
out until morning. They stood her up; hands fingered her ass and cunt, hands
grabbed at her tits as they started to untie her elbows.

She stood like a little girl in front of a head master, naked and looking at
Ray, he bent a kissed her hard on the mouth his hands squeezed her ass and tits,
then he pulled away, "Sarah you take a hard fucking well, good looker and fucks
well what more could a man want, but lets see how you handle this".

She looked terrified as he said, "Joe on your back Sarah wants sit on your dick;
Dave you wanted her ass then here it is, take it; Eric you fancy this pretty
mouth", he ran his thumb over Sarah's lips, then pushed it in, "And we all know
you can swallow; Andy, Frank ether side she has two hands free now, alright my
lovely Sarah get them all off, I want cum in you and over you, make sure you get
the ones in your hand to cum in your hand, I want to see you licking off, oh and
look as though your enjoying it".

This is where I lost it, I watched her like some crucified angel, kneeling her
arms wide, her hand jerking and pumping on two huge cocks, holding on tightly to
them to keep herself half up as another cock drove hard up her ass, keeping to
the rhythm of the one pushing her up and down in her cunt as Eric looked at her
sucking his cock and said, "Are you smiling, you better be".

As I looked at my wife's contorted mouth sucking that cock and trying to smile I
found my own cock in my hand starting to jump as I jerked it off.

My own cum splattered on to the carpet as men started to fill my wife; the one
up her ass shot himself up her and pulled out, that let her sit more upright on
the cock up her cunt that she was bouncing on.
The one called Eric held her head and filled her cum sucking mouth again, held
it there until she'd swallowed, then he stood back.

The one she was pulling with her left hand came, he held her hand and pumped
himself in to it, as told she licked it off and swallowed that, next her cunt
was filled but she stayed there until she had her right hand full of cum, then
she licked that down as well.

Leaving her exhausted on the floor the five men dressed, Ray said, "O K you know
where your going and where we are meeting, keep changing drivers, Sarah's been a
naughty girl and kept us up far to late so don't sleep and drive, it's harmful
to your health, see you later".

They filed out, as Eric left he said, "And what about you three", Ray bent and
pulled Sarah up, "Oh I think she's up for one more good fucking before we leave,
aren't you Sarah, you ready to take three of us up you, again"?
Her little hands beat at him as she pitifully cried, "No, no more please, I
can't take it, you've done enough to me".

Ray grabbed her and pulled her to him, twisting her arm up her back and holding
her firm, "Listen Sarah, think yourself lucky, we could have trashed this place,
taken the lot, and you and kept you for weeks, do you know what we could do to
you, tied up in the back of a van for weeks.

 So look on the bright side, all we did was have some fun with you, nothing less
that you deserved so lets not fall out over a good bye fuck, we are going to
fuck you, its just how, we will have to decide, now get your legs open so we can
have a feel, or even a good look, I said I wanted to have a closer inspection of
that trim".

She stood there, her legs open as this man knelt and pulled her cunt lips open,
pulling at her clit pinching the hood until she squirmed and moaned, unable to
stop him, he enjoyed probing her cunt, licking savagely at it, his tongue
getting right up her forcing her to open her legs and squirm her cunt down in to
his mouth.

 Trev was bent sucking her nipples, Digger made her hold his cock and tickle his
balls while he licked over her face and mouth, pulling her hair until she stuck
her tongue out and licked his.

As I felt my cock getting hard again Ray looked up, "Well it wouldn't be right
for me to leave with out fucking this little beauty, come on lads shift
yourselves, I'm going to have me a good fuck of Sarah's cunt".
Ray lifted her back to the table and sat her on the edge, her ass barely on the
table as he pulled her hips to him and jammed his cock up her, "Sarah put your
arms around my neck", trembling as she did, he lifted her off, quickly she
wrapped her legs round his hips as he pumped in to her.

With her stuck on his cock he walked over to the wall wedged her to it and
started to fuck her really hard, quickly lifting her and dropping her back to
fill her with his full length.
Digger walked over to him, I could see his enormous cock standing hard and
upright, he tapped Ray on the shoulder and made a spinning gesture, Ray grinned,
lifted Sarah away from the wall turned, Ray offered her ass to his mates rigid
meat.

Sarah was helpless, impaled on Ray she couldn't stop this other cock from
pushing up her already abused ass; Diggers hands came round and held on to her
tits as both of them fucked my wife between them.
I could hear painful, "Ah, ah, ah", sounds coming from her as the two of them
pushed up in to her, this went on for what seemed age's until unbelievably they
both came almost together.

Digger pulled out of her ass, which let Ray deposit her back on the pool table
where Trev was waiting his turn at her.
As Trev dragged her down and on to her knees her arms just hung at her side, he
held her hair and she swayed there like some rag doll, he had no trouble in
ramming his cock in to her mouth and fucking it. He took great delight in seeing
how far down he could go and how she had to could take it.

As soon as she choked a little he slid it out and held it up, "Lick it and my
balls and how about a nice kissy kissy all over the head and Sarah do it nice or
I'll choke you properly next time". She knelt there like an obedient dog; I
could see her face pushing between his legs, her tongue licking at his balls,
gently sucking his bag in to her mouth then kissing up and down his full length,
I found myself envying him, she looked so sexy as she slid her tongue over the
glistening head, tickling around the hole; it must have turned him on too
because he spoilt it by grabbing her head and ramming it back down her throat.

I felt a sense of guilt as she chocked and gagged on the big fat cock face
fucking her, they were just laughing at her, "Come on Sarah, get it down your
neck, you've had enough practice tonight surely you can give deep throat, lets
see you sniffing his hairs, come girl all the way down, take your medicine, suck
that big fat cock really deep, make him cum".

As he came he forced her to keep it deep in her throat, sucking on it until he
was satisfied she emptied out the last drop.
After all she'd been through it was awful to see Ray go behind the bar, take the
brandy bottle down, remove the optic and place the bottle on the chair.

Digger and Trev lifted her off her knees, spread her legs wide and lowered on to
the long neck of the brandy bottle, Ray holding her cunt lips apart as she slid
on to it, they left her struggling to get off, to add insult to injury as they
left I heard Ray shout, "That's a HOLE new meaning to, get it down your neck,
bye Sarah".

I heard her tumble to the floor coughing up the cum that she had just been
forced to swallow so I knew she was alright, I unlocked the kitchen door and
slipped out, I saw the last of the white vans heading out towards the motorway
and sat in my car, do I play the, I just had to come a find you or do I play
the, I'm sorry I got drunk and lost track of time, yes, the last, I want to see
how she reacts in the morning, which was only three hours away. 

I went home, emptied a load of beer cans and left them around, messed up the bed
and made the place look lived in then I waited.
I arrived at the pub at about 8. 45 it was clean, no glass's all was tidy and
she was asleep on one of the bench seats in the lounge, I gentle shook her, she
jumped and squealed almost lashing out at me, I said "Hey, hey its only me,
morning Sarah, what happened to you"?

She looked at me, she looked like most people when they wake, she turned towards
me, I could see it was painful to her body, she licked her lips, coughed and
said, "Oh I had to much to drink", I laughed, "So did I, I was going to come a
see where you were but I fell asleep still I take it that it was a successful
night".

She tried again to move I saw her wince, "Yes, yes they spent a lot", I tried to
hide my grin, "Oh good as long as you enjoyed it and they got their monies
worth, sorry I missed it".

She smiled, "Oh that's all right I was a bit of a bitch to you last night, I'm
so sorry, I promise it won't happen again", she bought it and I knew it wouldn't
happen again.
I smiled, "Well we better get you sobered up, I'll make coffee", I went to the
bar and as I called, "Whys the brandy bottle off the stand, do you want a hair
of the dog"? I looked at the freshly scrubbed pool table, remembering how cum
splattered it was not four hours ago; then picked up the bottle and looked at
the neck, I couldn't help but smile, as I stroked my hand over the neck then I
poured a brandy and took it to her with the coffee.

"Here you are", she looked at the brandy, "Oh no I couldn't face that", I
laughed, "Oh come on get it down your neck".

Sarah looked up at me with a very strange look on her face.

                                                                    Pagan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





