BDSM Library - Family Affair




Family Affair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The title says it all. Lynn Harliss engages in a family affair.
Family Affair

Disclaimer:  I'm 99.99% sure this never happened.

Rating: NC-17...WARNING!!!HETEROSEX!!!TABOO SUBJECT!!!

Summary: The title says it all.

Author's Notes: Drum roll, everyone!  Ladies and gentlemen, Aphrodite has
written a hetero-sex.  Fair warning: this story contains taboo subject matter.
Please read with discretion in mind.  As an added note, this story was written
in honor of Mother's Day.  Also, support my baby, Justin Timberlake, and watch
him on NBC's SNL on 10/11/03.  

Feedback:  Yes, I'd love to have some feedback considering this is my first and
only hetero story. C'mon...let me know what you think.  Send all comments to
nsaphrodite@yahoo.com  




Family Affair: I


It was late at night, the rain poured along the sidewalk, the leaves of the
century old oak tree rustled, when she heard the series of fist-pounding knocks
at her door.  Alarmed by the sudden disturbance of her sleep, she rose to her
feet. Her delicate feet, softened from hours of soaking in lotion all day, hit
the hardwood floor with a thud. She slipped her feet into the slippers and
wrapped the robe around her body. And down the stairs she descended with a broom
in hand.

There shouldn't be anyone at this late in the hour. Paul wouldn't return home
from his business trip for another four days. They lived down a quiet street on
over an acre of land. There shouldn't be anyone at this late in the hour, she
kept repeating to herself. When her feet finally hit the hardwood floor of the
first floor, she took a deep breath and approached the double mahogany doors of
her manor. She tiptoed to glimpse at the soaking wet figure before her doors.
Just a glimpse before she stumbled backward. It was then that she heard the
wailing voice, crying out for her, followed by yet another series of fist
pounding knocks.

"Mommy, please open the door.  I need you!  Mommy! Please!"

The heart breaking cries ripped out Lynn's heart. She raced toward the door and
swung the door open, just in time to catch her falling son in her arms. It was
Justin.  And although completely soaked wet, Lynn knew he had been crying. His
eyes were red and puffy. His nose the same hue. And he was undeniably drunk.  

"Oh, dear, honey, what have you done to yourself?"

"Mommy. It's over. It's over."

"What is, sweetheart?"

"My life."

Lynn felt the life whisked out of her. Her heart sank. Her voice got caught in
her throat. She felt she was dying as she held her unconscious son in her arms.
What on earth did he do to himself? If Justin dies, so will she. She would do
everything within her powers to shield him from the pain and suffering the world
might inflict upon him.  She'd give her life to see that he has his. That was
her promise to him when he was born and she intended to keep that until the day
she dies.  She broke it once, but never, again.  Once when Justin was five, Lynn
almost killed a man. The man, who had moved across the streets months earlier,
had lured the little boy out of the then gated property with the promise of a
puppy. When Justin was out of the gates, the man grabbed him and pulled him into
his van, slamming the door shut. Lynn never knew what had happened in the van.
When she managed to pry open the van, rage took over her body and she hit the
man's head with a huge boulder.  Justin was found sitting at the corner of the
van, his wrists tied together as well as his feet.  He was sobbing
uncontrollably for his mother. She carried him out of the van while Paul handled
the police who arrived seconds later. It wasn't until days later when her
five-year-old son attempted to sever his genitals with the scissors that she
wished she had killed the bastard. Justin had been molested during those
precious seconds.  

Wiping away the fresh tears from her face, she mustered up the strength inside
of her, and half carried, half dragged her 6'1", 185 lb, 21-year-old baby up the
stairs to the second floor.  When they arrived on the second floor, Lynn dragged
her son towards his room at first, but quickly turned away and continued their
trek down to her room. After hearing her son's suicidal words, Lynn couldn't
risk not having her baby in her room, under her strict observations and care.

She kicked open her door and pushed Justin inside, against the wall. He was
coming out of consciousness, again, and the crying continued.  "Why, mommy?" He
cried before slipping back into unconsciousness.  She dragged her son across the
length of the room until they hit the bed and she leaned his weight against the
bed, while she summoned some more strength to somehow lift his body up onto the
bed where he could lie down and rest. It was quite a task, but Lynn,
successfully managed to get her son on the bed, with his weight trapping her
underneath.  She slid out from under her son's body and stretched toward the
nightstand to turn on the lamp.  And then she crawled back into bed to tend her
son, obviously in pain, obviously drunk. She gathered his head in her lap as she
had done countless times when he was much younger. She slipped off the drenched
hood to reveal a crown of golden silky curls atop a beautiful baby face. She
fingered his curls and tousled the loose curls, combing them away from his face.
She leaned forward and kissed his forehead, whispering aloud to her son's ears,
hoping to resurrect him somehow.

"Baby, it's mommy. It's mommy. Can you hear me?"  She cried, slapping his face
several times. 

"It hurts." She heard a pained whimper.

"What does?  Tell mommy. What does?"

"My heart.  It's over. It's over." He repeated, again.

"What is?"

"Britney!" Justin wailed and Lynn could feel the fresh tears seeping through her
nightgown and onto her thighs.  "She cheated on me. She cheated on me.  Why,
ma?! Why does she have to hurt me so bad?"

"I don't know, baby. But everything will be okay. Everything will be okay.
You'll be okay. Tomorrow will come." Lynn cried along with her son.

"I love her so much. I thought she loves me, too.  I gave everything to her and
she ripped my heart apart. She cheated on me. How could she do that? How could
she, ma?! I love her. I love her."  He kept crying until exhaustion took
precedence over his body and Justin fell slack in Lynn's arms. 

"Justin!" Lynn cried. She pulled him closer yet to her body and wrapped her arms
around his chest.  "I knew she wouldn't be faithful to you. I knew it. I
shouldn't have let you go out with her. I should have done a better job
protecting you from this pain."  She buried her face in the crook of Justin's
neck and immediately, her face became wet from the water embedded in the threads
of Justin's sweat shirt.   Fear replaced anger. Justin could be sick. As a
child, Justin was prone to such illnesses as if his immune system never
developed to its full capability. She reached forward for the hem of the
sweatshirt and pulled it over her son's head, leaving him in a sheer, adhering
wife-beater.  Her poor baby must have been in the rain all night if the wetness
had seeped through his sweatshirt and onto his wife-beater.  She crawled over
her son's sprawled body to attack his sneakers. She ripped those shoes off his
feet and ripped off the socks with the same intensity and fierceness.  When she
arrived at the button of his jeans, however, Lynn became immobilize.  She
couldn't just take off her son's clothes. All of them. But if she didn't, Justin
could get sick from having worn the wet clothes all day, she reasoned.
Reluctantly, she undid the button and pulled down the zipper. She tugged the
jeans down her son's hips and off his body. Now, she was faced with the
inevitable task of stripping her son's underclothes to ensure his health. She
had to remove them as well. Justin's boxer-briefs were so wet Lynn could see the
outline of her son's manhood.  She had to remove them.  She got behind him once
more and gathered his body over hers. And like before, she snaked her arms
around his body and placed her hands over his rippled abs, sliding them down to
find the hem of his skin-adhering wife-beater. Once she found it, she began to
peel away the second skin, her palms gliding across her son's cut torso, her
fingernails grazing over the glistening wet skin, feeling her son's
well-developed pecs, tracing her son's erected nipples. She maneuvered her way
toward the foot of the bed and hovered over her nearly nude son. Not that the
wet boxer-briefs did anything to conceal his family jewels.  She reached under
the waistband of the briefs with her fingers.  With eyes closed, she began to
slowly peel away the wet underwear.  She felt some resistance and she heard a
whimper emitting from her unconscious son. Reluctantly, she opened her eyes to
find her longer manicured fingers had been caught in the tangles of curly pubic
hair that garnished just over her son's cock. She carefully removed her fingers
and proceeded to strip her son of his last remaining article of clothing. When
she looked up, she was faced with her son's glistening cock. Glistened from
being wet. Erected from the coldness of being wet. Lynn found herself wet.  And
not just from absorbing Justin's wet clothes. 

To say that she never once had an impure thought regarding her son would be an
outright lie. How could she not? The boy was over six foot. Nice build. Not too
muscular as he was barely a man, but was lean and cut. Two quarter sized nipples
mounted over two hard, packed pectoral muscles. Rippled abs cascaded down his
torso.  To top it all off, an impressive half a foot cock draped over two low
hung globular sacs of testes rested between her son's spread legs.  Her eyes
fixated on her son's genitals.  She liked the way his long velvety penis
protruded a bit from his body.  She liked the way his sacs hang down his legs.
Obviously, those nuts weighed heavily with semen.  She knelt down before him and
timidly she snaked her hand out for him. Up until now, she only saw, fantasized
but never touched. Until now.  Her finger grazed over the tip of her son's
circumcised penis, fingering around the crown.  She remembered when his penis
used to be the size of her thumb.  She remembered taking him to the doctor when
he was just two weeks old for the procedure. She didn't want to, but her mother
insisted she did.  And before the procedure, she cried for days. She didn't want
to bring so much pain into her baby's life. Not when he was only a week old.
Circumcision was a form of mutilation, she cried.  Still, Grandma Sadie insisted
that she did what was best for the child and had him circumcised. For hygiene,
Grandma Sadie argued. How in the world was a child to clean his penis thoroughly
with that foreskin covering it? To keep him normal, Grandpa added.  The baby's
penis was already bigger than most babies. Cut it so it wouldn't just hang
obscenely between his legs. But no amount of reasoning could console her when
her baby's limbs were strapped and she had to watch her baby thrashing around
wildly as a knife cut into him. No. Lynn cried for days on end.  The fact that
Justin got an infection days later didn't help ease her pain either.  A sharp
cry brought her out of her trance. Her fingernails had just scraped over the
sensitive tip and she pulled away quickly, only to wrap her fingers around it
once more. This time, Lynn brought her two fingers together around the crown and
squeezed the mushroom head. Justin cried. And she released the pressure, but
still remained attach to her son's penis. She probed the tip further with her
fingernails and she meticulously pried open the pursing lips of his penis to
peer through the dark, gaping piss hole.  Boldly, she poked her little finger
through the penile slit and retracted when she heard him cry, again. When she
brought her finger to her face, she noticed blood on the cuticles of her nail.
She had just made her son bleed.  It was too much for Lynn to handle. She turned
to walk away when she heard him cry out for her.

"Please, don't go. Don't leave me. Please, don't."

It was heart wrenching to hear him cry out. Every breath he took was laced with
pain.  And that pain that was reflected in his voice was enough to wipe out all
sense of rationality.  Lynn returned to the bed and slithered her way up her
nude son's body. The lacey fabric of her nightgown brushed harshly against her
son's exposed genitals and Justin moaned a little.

"Please don't leave." The pleas continued, to which this time, Lynn responded,
"Never."

"I don't want to see the world without you and me.  You've blinded me when I
first met you. Nothing has been the same since.  I just want to close my eyes
forever." He mumbled.

"Okay.  Eyes closed." Lynn whispered and reached for the belt of her robe. She
brought the strip of fabric over his eyes and tied a knot behind his head. "Eyes
closed, baby." 

Lynn breathed deeply. Her eyes closed. Her hands reaching down her legs to rub
the spot over her gown, feeling the moisture there. Her hands traveled away from
her own body to rest between her son's opened legs. She gathered her son's
genitals, penis and balls, and closed her fists around it, eliciting a whimper
from her son's lips. Immediately, she released the pressure on his genitals and
kissed the pathway through which the teardrop had glided down his cheek toward
his lips. She hungrily devoured it before it could disappear into the depth of
his mouth. And soon she found herself kissing her son's slightly parted lips.
And he returned the kiss. She heard moans, which she swallowed. Moans of
pleasure she was certain as she could feel something hard poking at her thigh.
She abandoned his lips and worked her way down his neck towards his chest,
sucking diligently first on his right nipple, and then his left nipple. Her path
toward the treasure continued further and she stopped to dig her tongue into his
belly button. Dear god. He was attached to her at one point by this. But she
couldn't stop. Not when she could feel his hard dick nudging between her
breasts, caressing her breasts. No, she couldn't. And she took his leaking cock
into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the head, probing at the piss slit.
She could taste the cum embedded inside. She licked and slobbered that
protruding piece of meat and bit it a few times. Justin whimpered now and then,
but mostly she heard moans slipping from his lips. It was enough to arouse her
further. She could feel more wetness down between her legs and as she feasted on
her son's cock, she rubbed her clitoris. It was getting too much. She quickly
retracted her hands to focus on bringing her son the most pleasurable experience
ever. She applied a slight suction to the head and delicately massaged his
hanging balls.  He was moaning aloud and thrashing so much on bed that Lynn had
to press down on his balls to keep him from flailing off the bed.  She rubbed
the pelvic areas just above his thighs, coaxing him to just relax and enjoy it. 
It didn't take long for the balls to tighten in her fists and when she pulled
away, she could see her son's dick expanded to well over eight inches away from
his body.  His legs and arms extended away from his body.  With sharp eyes, she
could see the lips of the pulsating cock open and within seconds, a milky
residue squirted out of the gaping hole all over Lynn's nightgown. Like an
erupting volcano, the semen- producing machine shot load after load of warm
thick milky fluids all over the place for several minutes.  Lynn became
disappointed that she didn't have her lips wrapped around the penis to drink her
son's fluids. When the pumping slowly came to a halt, foams of cum gurgled out
of Justin's pursing penile lips and slid down the shaft.  This time, Lynn did
not let her son's seeds go to waste. She swiped her finger along the shaft and
sucked her finger.  Delicious. Salty, but tangy sweet.

She paddled her way into the bathroom to retrieve a washcloth she had soaked in
hot water. She returned to find her son still sprawled out on his back as she
had left him. His breathing was more regular, but the sweat still glistened on
his body. She climbed back into bed and began wiping the washcloth over his
chest, along his stomach, squeezing his genitals, wringing what remaining seeds
he had buried deep within his sacs. When she shifted to leave, he caught her
gown in a fist and pulled her closer to him. Blinded or not, Justin knew the
anatomy of a woman like a physiologist. He pushed her gown over her stomach up
her chest, squeezing her breasts as he went along. Lynn helped with the process
by pulling it over her shoulders. Now bare with just her panties on, Justin
wrapped his arms around her stomach, inhaling her scent. He remained attached to
her for several more minutes before Lynn became tired of his possessive hold and
pried off his hands from her body. Justin responded with a surge, pouncing on
top of her, kissing her lips, delving deep into her mouth, nearly gagging her
with his penetrating tongue while he roughly groped her breasts. When he finally
broke the kiss, leaving Lynn breathless, he pouted and lowered his head down on
her heaving chest.  That was intense, Lynn thought as she combed her fingers
through her son's sweat slicked curls.  Her gaze locked at the ceiling above
them, savoring the feel of her son's slick warm body next to her, savoring the
feel of sloppy puppy kisses on her breasts and the nibbling of her nipples.  It
was so amazingly beautiful. It brought tears to her eyes. She had never been
touched like this before.  She arched her back and flexed her muscles. She bent
her left knee and stroked her son's genitals between his legs. He bit down on
her right breast to suppress a moan and she rubbed him harder yet. He groaned
aloud, ripping off her panties. She had just kneed him sharply in his balls. 
When she saw the teardrop sliding down his flushed cheek, she regretted her
action. She raised her head to meet his, to kiss his tender lips some more. She
could feel his smile blended into hers. It was all better now. He rewarded her
to much her delight with wet kisses all over her body.  And...oh, my god! As if
she wasn't wet before, now Justin was drowning her in his mouth. He massaged her
clitorius with his tongue and sucked on her labia lips. Oh, my god!  This could
not be her son servicing her like that. Where was her sweet innocent southern
angel? But she couldn't stop herself from enjoying it. Enjoying her son's lips
on her other lips. Oh, my god!  She fisted anything she could get her hands on.
The satin sheets underneath their wet bodies.  His golden curls. His kinky pubic
hair.  His balls. He cried into her pubic bush as she tightened her grip on his
balls, her fingernails digging into his flesh. Despite the pain, he continued to
pleasure her until she started to see stars up at the ceiling and she was
moaning so loud that he had to climb up to silence her with a lip-locking kiss. 
Still attached to the lips, Lynn rolled them over until she was straddling his
tapered waist. She broke the kiss for a mere second to breathe and then
assaulted his lips, again. And again. And again. And again. Her breasts slapping
against his sweat-slicked pecs. His strong arms caressing her back. His thick,
erected cock leaking with precum teased her, seeking to return to her world. 
She entwined her fingers with her sons and she lifted her body over his. He
thrust upward to keep the contact, but slumped back down when there was none.
That wouldn't last long.  Still kissing her son, Lynn lowered her body down on
top her son's stiff rod.  She yelped in pain for a second. It had been so long
since she'd made love. Masturbation was definitely different from actual sex.
But soon, she relaxed when she felt her son's tongue licking away the tears in
her eyes. It was all she needed and more. She slid all the way down to the hilt.
The emptiness she felt for years disappeared instantly. He filled her
completely. He was her missing half.

The rhythm was nice and slow at first, but soon became rough and almost
animalistic as she rode her son's shaft.  "Uh! Uh! Uh!" She grunted and moaned,
digging her fingernails into his raised nipples. It didn't matter at this point
that her cuticles had scraped him blood. Their kissing continued. A lot of
probing of the tongues. Sucking of the lips. The intensity was unreal. Unlike
any other Lynn had experienced as her son continued to thrust into her, bouncing
her up and down at times. She was huffing and grunting, screaming and crying all
at the same time.  Justin was an amazing lover. And she knew then that he had
already given his most precious gift to that whore.  How could he do that? How
could he give his body to that whore?  She had always instilled great values in
him. She taught him to value his body as if it was a gift from God. And truly,
it was a gift from God in Justin's case. When Lynn first saw the ultrasound of
her baby inside her womb, she sobbed violently in the room.  Just a few weeks
earlier, they told her she would be having a baby girl and she had since
prepared herself for the arrival of a baby girl, daydreaming of the bond she
would develop with the younger, smaller version of herself. "Are you sure it
isn't her hand?" She asked with tears brimming in her eyes.  "No. Lynn. That is
your son's penis."  And Lynn nearly fainted from disbelief. That thing stuck out
of his body like a limb.  "Be happy with your blessings. He's very well
endowed." After nearly twenty hours of labor, she finally gave birth.  She cried
twice that night. When she saw baby Katherine's still body being removed from
her.  She knew it. She always knew she was having a girl. She was right. Only
Katherine never lived to take her first breath. The death of Katherine at birth
further strengthened her bond with the bouncy blue-eyed, light haired baby boy
she would soon hold in her arms. And just as the obstetrician had told her
months earlier, Justin was very well endowed.  He grew up healthy and strong.
His tall height and lean body frame often made him appear much older than he
was.  When he turned eleven, he won a beauty pageant and the floods of sick
bastards flocked to their house, hollering obscene words about Justin as he rode
his bike on their property, lewdly grabbing their crotches as they barked at
Justin what they would do to him if they get their hands on him.  With no
physical harm being done, Lynn was forced to ground Justin to keep him inside,
taking away his bike privileges to protect him from perverts.  At fifteen, women
were undressing him with their eyes even in Lynn's presence.  One of Paul's
clients even boldly bribed Lynn with a thousand dollars if she could just have
Justin as an entertainment for her fiftieth birthday. She even added that Lynn
could watch if she wanted to. 

Her momentary anger was replaced by sheer ecstasy.  "Justin!" She screamed in
orgasmic ecstasy as she felt the warmness of his cum enveloped her.  Her son,
her baby she gave birth to, had just ejaculated inside of her, and still Lynn
could not distinguish day from night, right from wrong. She didn't care that she
was his mother and this man-boy she was riding was her son, who she had carried
in her womb 21 years ago.  She didn't care that when he showed up at her front
door hours ago, he was plastered, drunk beyond reasonable consent.  She didn't
care what the world would think of her. She loved this man-boy. She loved Justin
Timberlake. She was already his best friend. Why couldn't she be his lover? 

It wasn't until he had risen from the bed to kiss her breasts that she started
to cry.  His lips latched onto her nipples and sucked on her nipples.  Sucking
just like he used to do up until he was two months old. Images of her holding
her baby in her arms and nursing him all she had began to cloud her vision.  She
remembered when he used to cry when she removed her breasts from his lips. She
remembered when he used to nip her inadvertently when his teeth started to
erupt. She remembered the baby boy she took home that day from the hospital. She
remembered it to be the happiest day of her life as a mother. A mother to this
child she had just fucked. And when he once, again, came deep inside of her, and
his lips slipped off her nipples, she cried aloud. When it was all over, she
rolled off of him, carrying with her the satin sheets. She wrapped it around her
body and slid off the bed. She took one last look at her sprawled out naked son. 
Streaks of blood from where her scraped cuticles painted across his chest. His
balls were bruised. His penis severely inflamed. She was ashamed of herself. He
was just a child. Her child.  Who came to her, seeking out comfort and love. And
she took advantage of him while he was drunk. Shame on her. She turned to leave
when her escape was halted.

"Thank you." Justin's raspy voice echoed in the room.  "Thank you for loving me. 
I love you, mommy, forever." 


....................................................

Closing Notes: Don't forget to watch SNL on NBC on 10/11/03 at 11:30pm ET/PT.
Justin Timberlake will be the host and musical guest on the show.  Seriously,
Justin should just fire Ken Sunshine and hire yours truly.




Family Affair: II


Lynn Harless made two mistakes in her life. Her first mistake was hav ing sex
with her son. Her second mistake was revealing to him that she was pregnant. In
retrospect, she shouldn't have told him. She should have just let it be and
continue their lives as if that night was just another erotic dream, but she had
to tell him. The bond they shared extended beyond mother and child. Lynn and
Justin were best friends. Lynn laugh-heartedly said once, "I had Justin when I
was twenty, and he seemed about twenty when he was born, so we've pretty much
shared everything". They were the best of friends. It didn't matter what the
world threw at them as long as she had Justin by her side, she knew life was
okay. Justin in an essence was her life source. She lived because of him.  And
she would die for him.  They shared everything. His dreams were her dreams. His
pain, she ached.  His happiness, she bathed in.  He told her everything. He told
her about his first kiss when while she and Paul were out of town, the girl
across the street visited him, turned off the lights, and gave him his first
kiss.  He told her about the little starry eyed girl named Britney who would
later break his heart. He told her about the time when JC was drunk and
confessed his lust for him. He told her about the time when he allowed JC to
touch him, here and there, and even though he was madly in love with Britney, it
felt so good to have someone love you unconditionally like JC...and her.  There
wasn't a single thing about Justin that Lynn did not know about because he was
more than her son. He was her best friend. And for one passionate night, he was
her lover.

When Lynn woke up the following morning, her son had already been gone. If she
hadn't stepped onto his underwear on the floor, Lynn could have easily dismissed
the events of the night before as nothing more than one of her many fantasies of
fucking her son.  But not this time. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't
escape the reality of the night before.

She padded her way into the bathroom where she tried unsuccessfully to cleanse
herself of the sin she had committed.  Even though, the sex was consensual, by
no means did it validate what she had done last night with her son. He was
drunk. He didn't know anything.  She ought know better. She was not only the
adult in the relationship- for Christ's sake, she was his mother. 

She sank to the tiled floor of her shower and cried into her hands.  And as the
water pounded against her back, her mind drifted to the time to yet another
stormy night approximately eighteen years ago when Randy had walked out on her
and their son. Lynn had barricaded herself inside her room all day, lamenting
over her broken marriage to her first love.  Night had fallen, and still the
tears would not stop falling. And soon she found herself staring at the bottle
of Valium on the nightstand. Right beside it was a bottle of wine. It was the
perfect antidote to put her to sleep. Hopefully, forever. She was crawling her
way toward the nightstand when the door suddenly bolted open and trotting inside
was her baby boy. No longer a baby at three, Justin bounced his way onto his
mother's lap, wrapping his arms around her slender waist, burying his
tear-streaked face in her bosom.

"What's wrong, baby?" Lynn asked of her son.  "Why are you crying? Did Granny
not take good care of my baby?"

"Mommy, don't cry."

"Oh, Justin.  Are you crying because mommy is sad?"  Lynn gathered him on her
lap so she could look into his stormy blue eyes.

"Yes."  Justin answered, wiping away his tears.  "Why you sad?  Is it daddy?"

"Justin, baby, daddy doesn't love mommy anymore."

"It's okay, mommy. I love you." The little boy climbed on over Lynn to plant a
wet kiss on her lips and Lynn beamed with delight as she embraced herself with
Justin's unconditional love.  "I marry you, mommy."

He was so innocent then. Their relationship was so innocent then...

When she later discovered she was pregnant during a routine check up exam, she
burst into tears. Her hand covered her mouth as she let out an anguish cry. Her
worst fear became a reality. She was pregnant and the father of her unborn child
was her own child. 

Now several weeks later when Paul left for yet another business trip, with
trembling hands, she dialed Justin's cell phone number and cried over the phone
that she had become pregnant and that there was no need to worry, come tomorrow
she was going to abort the fetus.  She hung up abruptly, leaving him no time to
respond. She honestly hoped she had done the right thing. He deserved to know.
He deserved to know that she was carrying his child and that she was intending
to have an abortion. He kept no secrets from him.  She had never either and she
didn't plan on starting.

When night fell, she couldn't succumb to sleep. She tossed and turned,
constantly thinking about yet another sin she was about to commit. At this rate,
she was convinced she was going straight to hell. Not only did she fuck her son,
she was killing her son's baby.  But whenever she closed her eyes, her mind
would wander off to that fateful night not too long ago when she and Justin
shared what no other mother and son had- each other. And the passion that
permeated that room was intoxicatingly infectious.  The love was perfect in
every way except one...he was her son.

She remembered when Paul had returned home from his unexpectedly long business
trip, she bolted out the doors to attack Paul's lips, determined to piece her
life back together.  She had never been more ecstatic to see Paul before. Paul,
in her eyes, was the key to her salvation for only he could make her forget
about her son.  When asked about her sudden outburst of affection, Lynn shrugged
her shoulders and lied.

"I don't know what became of me. I'm like a new woman now." She smiled and Paul
returned the smile. 

They fell into a passionate kiss that led them all the way up the stairs to the
second floor into their bedroom and onto their bed where Paul lay on top of
Lynn, pressing down on her with his weight.  She closed her eyes and embraced
his assault of her body. Tears began to shed as the touches continued. Paul's
touches were no match for her son's.  Whereas Paul's fingertips were calloused
and dried, Justin's were soft and delicate. His soft touches were like feathers.
His rough touches were...

"Argh!" Lynn cried out when Paul gripped her left breast painfully.

It didn't take long thereafter before Lynn pushed Paul off of her and stormed
into the bathroom, locking the door behind her so she could cry silently to
herself.  She cried for the love her husband could not provide. She cried for
the love only her son could give. In their garden, Lynn was Eve, and the
forbidden fruit was her son.  She continued to cry because now that she had
tasted the fruit, she was mortified she couldn't stop eating it.  The mere
thought of her wanting, her needing to have her son's naked body pressed against
her reminded her of the sinful being that she was.  And now she was going to
commit yet another sin.



With her luggage packed several hours earlier, Lynn sat restlessly staring at
the ticking clock, wishing that life was like a VCR where she could reverse the
events of that fateful night when she had sex with her son. Now pregnant and
scheduled for an abortion in five hours, Lynn couldn't bring herself to her feet
to leave her bedroom. She rubbed her stomach subconsciously before grasping the
handle of her luggage. She stood up from the bed and caught her reflection in
the mirror. She hated the woman staring back at her. She hated the woman for
being so weak. She hated the woman for fuckin' her son. She hated herself. She
brought her fist down on the mirror.  Not hard enough to shatter the mirror, but
enough to leave cuts on her hand. Her hand bled, but she did not care. She
deserved it and more. After all, she was the monster of all monsters. She had
spent her entire life protecting her child from sexual predators, but at the
end, it was she who preyed on him.  Damn her to hell for falling weak. Damn her
to hell for fuckin' her son.

Exhausted from another crying spell, Lynn gathered her composure and grasped the
handle of her luggage once more. She was on her way down the stairs when she saw
her baby at the foot of the stairs. When Justin saw luggage in her hand, he
climbed the stairs. Two, three steps at a time until he reached her. Once he
did, he pulled her back into her room and wrapped his arms around her.

"Mommy, please don't go." Justin said, staring at her with teary-eyes. 

"I have to," Lynn answered, prying off his hands from hers and then heading for
the door.

Justin leapt after her, grabbing her arm and pulling her into his arms once
more. "No!" He yelled, tears coursed down his cheeks as he buried his face in
her bosom. "Please don't. It's my baby, too."

Lynn sighed deeply, running her slender fingers through Justin's silky blonde
curls. "My baby.  No child should bare the burden of fathering his mother's
child.  What we did that night was wrong. It was sinful."

"How could something be so wrong felt so good?" Justin asked, his big blue eyes
searching Lynn's soul for answers that she did not have. "All my life, there has
only been one woman that I love with all my heart. That's you, mommy. Until that
night when we made love to each other, I had never felt loved completely. You
love me as much as I love you.  What happened wasn't sinful if it was in God's
plans. And this child is much a part of that plan, too."

"Justin, I-"

"No, mom." Justin placed his fingers over her quivering lips to silence her. "I
love you and I want us to be together. I want us to have this child. I don't
care what the world thinks. All I care about is you and me. I love you. Do you
love me, too?  Please say you love me, too."

One look into Justin's pleading eyes and Lynn was drowning in the depths of his
stormy sea of blue. There was a magnetic force within her son that Lynn couldn't
resist. She closed her eyes and felt his silky lips on hers. They were sweet
like strawberries and she licked her lips subconsciously. She felt herself being
lowered onto her bed and her clothes being removed until her nipples sprang
erect from rubbing against his hard pectorals. She moaned into his kiss and when
she opened her eyes, again, she found herself cradled in his arms like she used
to cradle him in her arms whenever he was sick, and then he slid inside her. She
gasped aloud and then moaned deeply, enjoying the fullness of having him buried
inside of her.  Justin rested his head on her shoulder and she could feel the
tears from his eyes as he kissed her neck. She wrapped her arms around his
strong body and rubbed his back comfortingly.

"I love you so much. This can't be wrong when this is the only right thing in my
life," he cried.

And as they climaxed together, Lynn's eyes shot opened, widened with terror.
Hovering above them was Paul and in his possession was a kitchen knife. His
hands wrapped around the handle tightly, he brought the knife down. One time.
"Argh!"  Justin screamed and Lynn felt her body being constricted. Two time.
"Oh, god!" Justin groaned and Lynn felt her ribs break. Three time. "I love you,
forever." Justin cried and Lynn felt her life being squeezed out of her as
Justin's grip loosened and he collapsed on top of her.  Blood squirted
everywhere, splashing over the ceiling, spilling onto the bed, dripping from
Paul's bare hands.  The knife was still buried in Justin's body when Paul tried
to remove the boy from his mother, but Lynn only held on tighter. Frustrated,
Paul reached down between their bodies and grabbed Justin's cock, ripping it out
of the socket of Lynn's vagina. He roughly shoved the boy off his wife and when
Justin's body rolled over to lay flat on his back, the color in Paul's face
drained completely, turning his flushed face white. After a moment of just
staring at Justin's lifeless body swimming in his own blood, Paul let out an
anguish wail. His head twisted in Lynn's direction. She shook her head and cried
into her hands before gathering Justin's head in her lap. 

Paul's deadly glare followed Lynn's every move and when she looked up from
crying a river of tears in Justin's hair, their eyes locked. Paul stepped closer
until his legs hit the bed. He climbed onto the bed and sat on the foot of the
bed. Never taking his eyes off of his wife, he said to her, "I just killed our
son because of you. Tell me why you did this to me? To our son? To your son?" 

"Because I love him," was all she said before pulling the knife out of his body
and plunging the same knife into her body, above her right bosom, piercing her
heart.  Her body crumbled under her dead weight. She struggled with her last
remaining breath to kiss the love of her life one more time. Her son. Her baby.
Her Justin.

A family tragedy. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aphrodite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





