BDSM Library - The Island at the End of the Earth




The Island at the End of the Earth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Island at the End of the Earth
The Island at the end of the Earth



Chapter 1

The Quantata Book

Randada Island

6969BC



	Samaria stood there in the middle of her cell, lying naked on the cold
cement; even now she remembers being tied to the concrete wall: her left hand
tied to a twenty feet tall column and her other hands as well; she remembers
clearly how Mistress Manuelle caned her bare bottom until she finally passed
out.

	It was an early morning when Arimateka (the queen of the island) woke
up, after she washed her face, and put a light vanilla perfume over her body,
she walked towards the window opened the class windows, and lay down on a velvet
cushion. Arimateka stood there looking at the calm river that was roaming around
the Materassaa Castle; here she looked over her kingdom.

       She took her soft hand, lightly touched her soft nipples, pinched them a
little bit and slowly moved her palm down her flat belly towards her blond pubic
hair. Further more she continued moving her hand down towards her pink clit,
where slowly rubbing it she gave her the greatest pleasure ever. She started
pressing a little bit on her labia gently moving her index finger down, sliding
on her juices, pushing a little bit faster her fingers inside of her... she
started moaning a little harder until the doors to her chamber opened and a
young girl entered:

       "Sorry my Queen for troubling you" begged the girl

       "What is now, Malo...?" asked Arimateka "SPEAK, or I'll throw you in a
cell and beat you until you die!!"

       "Well, my queen The Quantata Book is gone" said Malo with fear

       "WHAT!!" yelled Arimateka "Who was in charge of it?"

       "Last time I saw the book it was in the hands of Seen"

       "Who the fuck puts the book of power in the hand of a slave?" asked
Arimateka

       "She's now in the dungeon, Mistress Manuelle and Mistress Leena are
dealing with her"

       "Good" answered Arimateka "Take me there"

       Arimateka was this 27-year-old blond with the bluest eyes, she always was
wearing a leather (very tight) corset what made her naked breasts even bigger, a
silky black g-string, ending up in a pair of leather boots. She vas the only
person in the castle who was aloud panties, the other women were nothing to
cover their pubic hair and the slaves were not even aloud to have hair down
there, being shaved regularly by their mistresses.

       Arriving in one of the dungeons she saw Seen tied to an X shaped cross.
Moving towards her, Arimateka took the leather strap and gently raised Reen's
chin with the handle of the strap, she looked her in hear eyes and asked:

       "Where the fuck is my book?" demanded Arimateka

       "I'll never tell you, no matter how hard you torture me" answered Seen

       "HaHa, oh yes you will" and pulled the slave by her hair "Malo, get me
the clothe pins"

       "What are you gonna do to me?" asked Seen

       "You will see" said Arimateka and stoked Reen's pussy with the riding
crop




CHAPTER 2

Naughty in the shower

Atlanta, GA

1991



       Shannon Long woke up early in the morning. It was one of the warmest days
in the history of the state. As she woke up she stealthy moved towards the
shower she fantasized about all the is going to do today, she imagined going to
her friend's house and eat her pussy, she thought about that soft slit waiting
to be ravage by Mary's (her friend) hands, fingers, all around her body, up her
ass, and all the fetishes they are gonna do to each other. She was one of those
wild girls that in order to enjoy herself, she had to be tied up, and punishes
severally. Mary was one of those girls that even though she was twenty her body
wasn't as developed as most girls when they reach this milestone of sexuality,
and this was what drove Shannon crazy. She loved her flat chest, her slender
tummy, but most she enjoyed her bold little pussy, that smooth feeling when
Shannon ran her hands over Mary's little pussy. She loved sticking her fingers
into it and ravaging her. She got out of her bed, took her velvet pink pajama
off, and bare naked she went to wash herself. Reaching the bathroom, Shannon
turned on the hot water, entered the shower and started enjoying herself.

       As the water started invading her naked skin, Shannon ran her hand gently
down her neck, between her pointy tits, twisting her nipples that by now began
to be very hard. She had this fucked fantasy about being tied up and abused to
the verge of tears. One time after she came from her girl friend's house, out of
anger towards Mary because she didn't punish her enough, she tortured herself:

       She lay like this in her bed, wearing blue velvet pajama. As she stood
there, lying on her back, she turned on her stomach, she reached with her left
hand inside her pants and run her palm over her freshly spanked bottom, which by
now hurt more that after the beating she got from her girlfriend, and even
though it hurt more then ever right now, she enjoy it more than ever. Shannon
was this masochistic vixen who was turned on by pain more than every girl or guy
she ever fucked. She loved having her ass spanked raw, her favorite tool was the
rattan can. Her girlfriend used to hit her bottom for hours -

       she use to pick a can from her umbrella stand and drive it slowly over
Shannon's shoulders and backside. The cane used to bite her tender thighs,
leaving red stripes on both of her legs. She soon ran her punishment-stick
upward over the back over her legs to wards her perfectly round ass. Then Mary
use to raise her hand in the air, and with a loud "Crack" sound, she landed the
cane on Shannon's ass, leaving painful red stripes over Shannon's ass. Then the
whole process began again.

       As Shannon continued rubbing her ass even harder, she took her hand off
her butt and took a jar of her aloe moisturizing, unscrew the cap, dived her
finger in the lotion, and gently rubbed the cream over her sore bottom. The cool
lotion soothe her, it was like the hands of a cool waterfall was washing her
previously abused ass. For the first time she felt this erotic sensation
invading her delicate body, like there was someone behind her, staring at her
bruised bum, ordering her what to do with her own body. She dived her fingers
one more time in the jar and while applying the cream on her ass she spread her
legs even wider, and slowly inserted them in her tight little anus. Oh, the
feeling was so turning on: her legs were spread widest and her pointer and
middle finger moving up and down her anal channel; when her fingers came out it
was this tingling feeling inside of her, taking over her body - Shannon loved
her ass, and especially her forbidden whole, sometimes when her mother wasn't
home, she use to take a long lit candle, and while she stood on her stomach with
her legs wide open, she placed the burning candle in her asshole letting the hot
wax burn her ass, until the whole candle melted down all over her cheeks.

       After she played with her little as for a while, she took a small tower
and wiped the grease of her hands, it was time to pay a little attention to her
vagina, that by now was very moist and slippery. She placed herself on her back,
and took another little towel from the nightstand, but this one was way softer
then the previews one.

	Shannon gently ran the towel all over her body: on her neck, between her
pointy little tits, over her abdomen, and finally her wet pussy, which after a
few wipes it was just the way as she wanted it to be for her next painful
experiment: very soft and warm. Shannon begun slowly to masturbate, pushing her
fingers down her slit, them applying very light pressure she pulled them back up
again, over her pubic hair, and then back down. After a few more stokes, with
her orgasm closing in, she stopped, she didn't want to come - not yet anyway.
Shannon got off her bed, went to her closet, opened a drawer full of underwear
and took a plastic back full of small clothe pins from underneath the g-sting
'section'. The clothe pins where no longer then two inches, but they looked very
painful, when you open them, they showed a sharp pattern of plastic these, that
interlock with each other when the pin was closed - it was a woman's nightmare
having them on, especially on her pussy, and yet Shannon loved everything about
them: the size, the shape, the color, and especially the pain they caused.

	She picked the first clip up to her eyesight, and looked at that plastic
little object that was so minuscule that you could've break it in your hand.
Shannon pushed her fingers together, and moving it down her chest, down he
belly, the clip landed on the left wall of her soft pussy. The pain was so
intense that she could hardly breathe, but she didn't take it off, because,
somewhere deep in her soul a voice told her that it felt so good. She took a
second one, but this time she place it on the other lip, balancing the pain that
slowly made her way to the up to her lower part of the abdomen. Shannon was so
aroused that she didn't give a shit how unbearable it was: her soft little pussy
felt so much pleasure, that Shannon placed another yet another set of cloth pins
on herself. She moved her fingers further down her clit, and squeezing one lip
after the other, Shannon put the last set of cloth pins on herself, crowning her
cunt six times.

	She took a mirror from underneath a pillow, and placed it in a way that
she could see her freshly crowned vagina. The sight looked so beautiful, she
could leave her like that forever. Brushing the untouched parts of her private
part, she moved her hand upward towards her hard nipples. Rubbing them with her
fingers, she felt how hard they had become from her erotic experience. Her
nipples were so tuff, they felt like two little marbles waiting to be punished.
Shannon took two more pins and attached them to her naughty nipples - making her
moan out of torment. Her little raspberries started turning redder with every
second gone by. It was like somebody was setting her on fire, burring her flesh
inch by inch. As she stood there, abused, with her tits and privates in cloth
pins, she remembered that her mother might come in any minute and she didn't
need more abuse from her, who would have spanked her, is she was caught like
this. Shannon took of every bondage piece that owned her naked body, got dressed
in a very light silky robe - because her body hurt to much - and head down for
breakfast.

       As he continued the shower, her hand landed on her black rectangular
pubic hair. Shannon was obsessed about the shape of her hair down there, always
trimming it to look nice and fluffy. She slightly plaid with her hair and then
reached down until her fingers touched her moist cunt. Moving her fingers back
and forth she started getting a little but hot; and then warmth suddenly started
invading her body, as she rubbed her clit faster and faster until the door of
the shower suddenly opened. It was Diane - her mother. All of a sunned Shannon
froze, with her hand still touching her vagina

       "What where you doing there?" asked Diane

       "Nothing" answered Shannon and quickly covered her private part

       "Don't cover that, don't cover that" said Diane moving toward Shannon who
stepped out of the shower. Shannon took her hands away from her pussy and put
them over her head imagining that she was a slave who did exactly as her owner
told her. Further move, she wide her stands so that Diane could have easier
access to her pussy. Diane moved closer to her stepdaughter until she was only a
few inches away. "Put your hands over you head" she demanded. Shannon obeyed.
Her stepmother gently brushed her hand across Shannon's pubic hair, and gently
inserted two fingers in her pussy. Then after a few second she took them out and
smell them raising her left eyebrow:

      "Bad, bad, bad... do you know what happens to naughty girls like you,
do... you?"

       "They get punished?" answered Shannon in low voice

       "What?"

       "THEY GET PUNISHED" said Shannon louder

       "Good girl... now please wait over there, with your hands on your head"
said Diane pointing to a corner.

	Shifting her butt cheeks from side to side, Shannon moved slowly towards
one of the four corners of the room. Reaching the designated spot, she placed
her hands on her head, and widened her stands. Diane took the ridding-switch
from her closed and moved towards the naked girl standing in the corner awaiting
punishment.

	"Position?" asked Diane

	Shannon touched the wall with her fingertips, backed up her feet, spread
them slightly and sick her bottom out. "Ready for punishment" declared the girl

	"Good" said Diane as she raised the switch "I want you to count these"

	"Yes" Shannon replied closing her eyes

	Smaacckk! The ridding-switch hit her bare bottom making her scream from
the top of her lungs

	"Did I give you permission to scream?" asked Diane

	"No, mistress" answered Shannon, and put her ass back in position. The
second stroke was as painful as the first, only she didn't move an inch or said
anything. Then the third, forth, fifth... and so on, added more bruises to her
ass. Diane spanked Shannon's ass non-stop, stroke after stroke, inflicting more
pain every time. The swats flicked her tender thighs as well, leaving red
stripes printed on them. With each bide of the whip, Shannon bottom turned
redder and redder. Blow by blow, Diane enjoyed the sight of her abused 'slaved'
that tried to avoid the furry of the ridding switch. She couldn't take it
anymore, besides that her pussy burned from the abuse she inflicted on herself
last night, her ass was now on fire, adding to her sufferings that she bared a
few days ago. But to her salvation, after a while, the beating finally stopped:

	"Sixty" whispered Shannon finally with her last breath

	"Okay Shannon, because you played with you pussy without my permission
here is what I want you to do. I want you to sit at the edge of the bed, with
your legs as open as you can... understand?" asked Diane

	"Yes" answered the girl

       "I will give you twenty-five swats over your naughty pussy, if you move
one inch or close your legs, I will start all over, understand?"

	"Yes" obediently answered Shannon, and placed herself at the edge of her
bed with her legs wide open. Diane moved closer to her, touched her cunt with
the switch, swing back her hand, and with a Smaacckk, the switch landed on her
pussy. The pain made her close her legs and fell on the floor holding her
burning clit.

	"What did I say Shannon?"

	"Forgive me" she answered, and put herself back in position.

	Smaacckk! The crop landed on her vagina again but this time, she didn't
move one muscle, she just stood there, taking every stoke Diane gave her, even
though it hurt so much. Another swat hit Shannon private past - it hurt so bad
that she could have jumped out the window. On and on Diane continued to spank
her sweet pussy that by now was turning a shade of light red. With each stroke,
she screamed a little harder until rivers of tears started running down her
checks.     After she got the last stroke of the switch she was ordered to stay
naked on the bed for a while without touching any part of her body, specially
her pussy, which by now had a strong reddish tint.

	As she stood there, like magic, something appeared all of a sunned onto
her pillow, she looked to see if Diane went downstairs, reached under it and
pulled out a book, she opened it and saw the weirdest letters printed:
?????????????????

	She started reading out loud like, there were normal letters, only cut
apart: "NATET HOTET AZAYO", and suddenly from the middle of the page appeared a
hand that grabbed her by the trout and pulled out of the bed into the book.
Shannon was no longer in her room, nor in her world.




CHAPTER 3

The X-cross

East Berlin, Germany

1950

	

	Helga Schumann sat in her long armchair on her porch reading for the
fifth time the daily newspaper, looking for another movie to go to, but going
through all the titles half of them she saw more then five times, and the
rest... were Russian. After wandering trough the politics section - seeing what
else has been changed in her town since they lost the war, she threw away the
paper and looked around too see if any of her neighbors is peeking over her
fence, and after reassuring that nobody is looking, she unbuttoned her white
silky blouse, revealing her top, threw it aside and then she continued reading
the paper. After a while she took her bra off reveling her pointy soft breasts.

	Helga started massaging her soft nipples over her bra; she reached at
her back and undid the latex bra. Leaving her breasts hanging, bare, naked,
touched only by the cool wind. She gently moved her fingers over her nipples,
moving them in a circular motion, then grabbed her left breast and bringing him
towards he mouth she starter softly liking it.

       First one, then the other, and from time to time she bitted each of them
a little to feel that erotic pain that every woman is found of. She moved her
way slowly her hands down her flat tummy towards her slippery pussy. She stroked
her shaved vagina, softly probing her vulva, pressed a little to fasten the
orgasm that was coming any minute... faster, faster, faster, mover her hand over
her moist cunt, until she finally came. But unfortunately she was disappointed,
she expected something more, she expected stones to crack, clouds to break,
mountains to split. 'Then a devil sick the trident in her butt' and she thought
of somebody that can make her cum on an on for hours - her dike girlfriend Linda
Hess. She went into her house, picked up the phone and called Linda

	"Hallo, 'tis Linda" said the voice	

	"Hello Linda this is Helga, what you doing bitch?"

	"Nothin', just wachin' a porn, you know me, I'm the horniest dike in the
East"

	"What about one-on-one, eh?" asked Helga

	"I'll be at your place in five" promised Linda

	Helga went to her room, picked up everything that was lying around, took
a shower - washing all her body parts that are gonna be used during that day,
and then went and put on her pink g-string, a tight-black-leather mini-skirt on
top of it, and a leather top, squeezing her tits as tight as she could. She
walked to her kitchen, took a knife, a lime from the fridge, cut it in half,
took one more time her top off, dripped a few lemon drops on her nipples and
then she started sucking them, hard. But unfortunately the ringing of the door
interrupted her.

	"Fuck!" she swore, and went to answer the bell: "Who is it"

	"Mistress Linda" answered the other voice. Helga opened it:

	"Mistress my ass, slave" replied Helga

	"Yea, whatever. Give me a drink bitch!" demanded Linda

	"I got Radeberger, Lowenbrau and some stinkin' Russian Vodka"

	"Radeberger... tall glass" demanded Linda

	Helga went to the fridge, took out an ice-cold beer, pored it out into a
tall glass and handed it to Linda. Who took it and drank it fast, put the glass
down and asked: "Now what?" 

	Helga got up, went closer to her friend, who was laying on the sofa, got
on her knees, and gently moved her hands towards Levis jeans, she touched the
lower area of her body, reached for her zipper and gently took it down,
revealing a small part of her cotton panties. Linda pushed her pelvis upward,
and Helga removed her jeans leaving only in a shirt and underwear.

	"Now, lets see them tits, Linda"

	Linda obeyed and she removed the shirt and the bra, revealing her small
round breasts ending up with a pointy nipple on each. Helga jumped quickly on
top of her, sucking her, and from time to time biting them a little. She
continued kissing her body: between her boobs, going down her stomach, liking
her navel gently with the tip of her tongue, then she took one of her fingers
and put a little pressure on it - Linda screamed of pleasure:

	"Take your panties off!" demanded Helga.

	She obeyed pulling slowly her underwear down and finally revealing her
shaved pussy. Helga did the same taking all of her clothes off leaving them both
naked in the middle of the living room.

	"Hmm, you're shaved too" admired Linda

	"Yes... you like it?"

	"Absolutely,"

	Linda moved towards her most delicate girlfriend, embracing her, and her
hand slowly moved down the flat of her back, until she reached her firm bottom.
She grabbed one of the ass chicks slowly, when moved her hand onto the other
one, then she probed Helga's anus with her finger, and finally Slap! He slapped
her ass. Slap! Then again, Slap! And a third time, she begun slapping her ass on
and on until that pink-pale color that she had, transformed into a burning red.
And with each smack, Helga jumped, from pain, from pleasure, from all the fetish
desires that were siring it her hear. Finally Linda stopped, admiring her hot,
burning bottom. But then Helga did something that nobody expected.

	She went bare-naked in the other room and pulled a black bag from her
closet. She opened, and in the bag there were an endless number of punishment
tools: chains, cuffs, canes, clothes pins, whips, nipple clamps, all that you
need to transform a few minutes of a girl's life into a torment.

	"What do you want me to do with these?" asked Linda

	"Punish me, mistress punish me, I've been a bad girl" begged Helga

	"Do you have a X-cross?" asked Linda

	"What is a X-cross?" asked Helga

	"A fucking apparatus for bondage where you get spread-eagled and
tormented" said Linda with an attitude on her face.

	"Yes I have... in the basement" responded Helga

	"Then let's go, make a pincushion out of my body" said Linda

	"This way" pointed Helga

	She took the 'bondage-bag' and showed her way to the basement. Whey
passed the kitchen, opened the door, and a staircase showed her way down. The
further down they went, the more of the room it showed. First there was a rack
with about six canes of different sizes - some longer some shorter, depending on
what size the dominatrix wanted to use on its pray; next to it another one with
whips and paddles - showing a variety of sizes and types, ending with the
classic bull-whip; then on the opposite a huge open closet with holding many
bondage devices and finally, next to it the well polished X-cross.

	Pointing at the X-cross, Helga showed the direction in which her slave
has to move to. And reaching the fetish apparatus, she turned with her bag
touching the cross and asked to be tied up. Linda came slowly to Helga, placed
her hands and legs in the right position, tying them with restrains, and with
the slave's body immobilized in a spread-eagle position she started her
grotesque session of painful experiences.

	"Are you comfortable?" asked Helga slowly rubbing the girl's tits

	"Yes mistress" answered the slave obedient

	Helga went to the whip closet, an took one with about a dozen braded
tails, then went to where her slave was waiting impatiently, here was a pause,
then Swishsh! The whip landed on Linda's tits making her scream

	"No screaming Linda" demanded the oppressor "well not yet anyways"
whispered Helga to herself, then took one more step closer and Swishsh! Hit her
breasts again. Swishsh! The more they got whipped the redder they got. There was
no escape from the mistresses hand and the power of her device which lashed
Helga's tits on and on without mercy. Swishsh! Swishsh! Swishsh!

	After twenty minutes, the dominatrix stopped, placing the whip aside and
moving towards one of her closets she found what she was looking for: zipper-bag
of clothe pins. She came close to her freshly whipped girl, showed her the bag
of 'trick' and asked her:

       "Where do you want me to put these?"

       "On my tits and pussy, mistress"

       Helga took a clip with her right hand, opened it, and while the other
hand was holding Linda's boob, she placed the clothe pin on one of her nipples -
Linda gasp for air:

       "It hurts, mistress... it hurts so bad" she moaned

       "I know it does" replied Helga and placed the second on the other nipple.
After both pins were in position, she stroked gently the slave's pussy and asked
her: "Can you take six more in your pussy?"  Linda nodded 'yes' with her head.

	She kneeled down, facing Linda's pussy, gave it a big lick, with the tip
of her tongue, then she took her left hand, put a few fingers in - to spread the
pussy lips apart and then put one clothe pin at the beginning of Linda's left
lip. Then continued fast to place the second and third, switched to the other
lip and placed the final three there. Linda begun crying, her vagina was in so
much pain she couldn't take it anymore, but she resisted, looking at the
satisfied face of her suppressor, who grabbed the pins - three with each palm
and begun pulling the sex apart. She began sliding her fingers between the
'crowned' pussy lips looking how red they turn with each stroke, wondering how
muck they are hurting, and how much you will you must have in order to take this
kind of abuse. She decided it was time for her girlfriend's hell to end but when
she touched Linda's 'pussy-pins' she saw something glowing with the corner of
her eyes, she took the book, went close to the X-cross and asked:

	"What is this Linda?" and opened the book

       "I don't know, have mercy of me, I can't take it anymore, they them off
me" begged Linda. But in that moment they both read out loud the forbidden
words:  -------------- "NATET HOTET AZAYO"

       They were gone... The room was completely empty.




Chapter 4

Birthday gift

Kaannaa - An island now known as Japan

44511B.C.



	Empress Kazuko Qyntana Karra Kimura stood on her royal bed, bored to
death. It was her eighteenths birthday and she had nothing to do. She rang the
bell sitting on the nightstand and two beautiful women wearing nothing but a dog
collar entered the room, bowed, and place them self on their knees before the
young empress.

	"Orders, your royal highness"

	"Get my father!" ordered Kazuko

	"Yes my queen" said the two girls, bowed and left the room

	Emperor Kimura entered the room, to see what her daughter wanted for her
birthday, and because she was his only child, and his wife died, he devoted all
of his affection to Kazuko, who in a way, being a spoiled little brat, ruled
Kaanaa.

	"What more does my daughter want for her birthday? You didn't like the
gifts?" asked the Emperor worried. Kazuko received that day fourteen thousand
gifts from every province that the Empire of Kaannaa conquered.

	"Daddy, I want to have fun with one or two girls" she said

	"I have them ready in a minute, my darling" he replied. And as he left,
Kazuko said "and please sent Xi in"

	After her dad left, an six feet tall, heavily build men entered: "orders
my queen!"

	"Xi, bring me my chest of tools, AND MAKE IT FAST!!" ordered the girl

	Xi went into other room, and brought a 200 pounds humongous chest,
opened it up in front of his queen and left the room. Kazuko jumped out of the
bed and look at all of her erotic tools he has collected in the fast few years.
From bullwhips, to straps, canes and other flogging devices to clamps, needless
and chains. She decided on using every piece of equipment from the trunk on her
new slaves which where to due arrive any minute to fulfill all of Kazuko
diabolic fantasies. But before that, she had to change into proper attire.

	She took off all of her clothes, leaving her completely naked. Then she
went into her closet, where she took her black leather suit - that covered every
part of her body, except for her undeveloped pointy chest, her firm buttocks and
of course her pubic hair. After trying on her costume, she put on her high heels
leather boots and finally her furry black cotton gloves. Then she placed herself
back on her bad, and spreading her legs, she waited for her slaves to arrive.
Turned on by the fact that she is going to have two girls doing whatever she
pleases she started playing with herself: she moved two fingers towards her
mouth, gently touching her lips, inserting them in, and with the help of her
tongue she started wetting them. She moved them in an out for a few seconds to
make them nice and damp, then taking them out, she started moving them down her
neck, between her boobs, over her leather costume and gently applied pressure
when she slid them between her exposed pussy lips. Reaching down there she begun
masturbating hard. Inserting her fingers into her vulva, she begun teasing her
g-spot, which by this time it was very aroused giving her all the pleasure in
the world. She continued massaging her pussy as she turned on her tummy, pushing
them back and forth into her sex. As she rested on her bed, she opened her legs
even more, spreading her butt crack and taking her hand out of her cunt, she
slapped her ass real hard, and then let her fingers fall into her anus: pushing
them in and out giving her the wildest sensation, until she finally come on the
sheets of her bed.

	Staying there, Xi came back, but this time accompanied by two beautiful
young girls, who where wearing white armless gowns.

	"Your highness, may I present the two most beautiful girls in the
kingdom: Jon Do, and Kim Do" pointing at the two twins. They where mesmerizing:
tall, with medium size breast, continuing with a very slim waste, and ending up
with the longest legs a women ever dreamed of having, looking perfectly
identical, with their long brunette hair falling down their shoulders. The only
difference between them was that Jon had blue eyes, while her sister had green
eyes. They were perfect, only Kazuko didn't know that these girls were not
actually her dad's slaves, but free women from near by provinces who were paid
each a hefty amount of money. Kazuko was very imprested with her pray. Both
girls took their gowns off, revealing their nakedness.

       She ordered them to raise their arms in the air. Kazuko stood there
admiring her two naked slaves, admiring their perfectly round tits, their flat
stomachs ending up with the most gorgeous pussies that she ever saw. So little,
she could grab them with only two fingers. The empress ordered them to turn
around and to show their bottoms, which were so tight, and little, that you
needed only one palm to spank them. Kazuko looked at them asses, and ordered to
not move a muscle.

	"Xi!!" yelled Kazuko

	"Yes your holiness" responded Xi entering the door

	"Send in the barber" ordered Kazuko and pointed to her pubic hair "I
need a shave". Xi smiled, left the room and entered a few minutes later with a
man name Xa Bo - who was the Emperors official barber at that time: "At your
service your highness, " said the man.

       Kazuko moved towards her bed, laid on her back and brushing her vagina
with her left hand, ordered "I want you to shave my pubic hair"; the barber
bowed his head; "and no funny stuff or I see to it what your family gets
tortured to death under your very eyes".

 	"Are you ready barber?" asked Kazuko anxious

	"Yes, your majesty" he replied

	She sat down on her bed, and spread her legs wide. The barber sharpened
his blade, kneeled next to her, and holding her pussy with one hand, he started
shaving her pubic hair. Xa Bo grabbed very gently the lower part of her vagina,
and with the other hand he started driving his razor blade through her unwanted
hair, taking it off inch by inch. First, he started taking the upper part of her
private hair, then continued moving his hand lower and finally he shaved the
hair above her labia. After he finished the job, Kazuko ran her hand over her
freshly shaved cunt, and felt only the softness of her clit, which by now began
to be very wet. Being finished with the barber, she brushed him off, telling him
to "fuck off" and gave him 250 Goldens for not playing with her cunt too much.

	After he left, Kazuko looked in the mirror and enjoyed the view of her
bold pussy. It felt very smooth, like there was nothing there, only a little
piece of loose skin coming out of her; she took another look, admiring Xa's well
done job and then she turned her attention to her slaves who still had their
hands in the air. Kazuko ordered to take them down. She pointed to the blue eyed
one, and told her to come forward, the slave obeyed.

	"Slave! Tell me you name!" demanded Kazuko

	"Jon Do, your highness," answered the girl

	"What is your purpose here slave?"

	"To please the mistress," replied the girl

	"Here is what I want you to do, I want you to move on that couch over
here" she pointed where "sit on it, and show me the best way you can expose your
pussy". Jon Do went to where she was told, sat down, and spread her legs so wide
that she created a 180 degree angle with one another, leaving only her slit over
the edge - vulnerable to anything Kazuko had in mind.

	The young princess went to her toy-trunk and got a ridding switch, she
brought it close to Jon Do's face, showed her the tool, brushed the end of it
over her private part, raise it slowly in the air, an with a Smaacckk! sound,
the riding switch landed on her pussy, making her scream. When the second blow
came, she accidentally closed her legs delaying the swats that were attacking
her privates.

       "SPREAD THEM!!" yelled Kazuko, the slave did as she was told; getting the
extra swats that she deserver for disobeying her master, who was non stop
hitting her. After a period of time, during which the abused slave received
enough punishment to last for a week, Kazuko put aside the crop, and probed her
pussy - Jon Do's lips were so red, you would think she was entering a body
panting contest - brushing the lips with her hand, they felt very hot and by the
look of it the girl was in a lot of pain. The problem was that Kazuko didn't
give a shit about other people. As she touched Jon Do's lips, she asked:

       "These hurt?"

       "Yes mistress" answered Jon Do

       "Good. Because when I get through with them, they will hurt even more"
replied Kazuko holding her lips wide apart "what would you say if I were to
pierce these, hmm?" Jon hesitated for a little, and then responded, "Whatever
you wish your highness"

       Kazuko went to her "pain-collection" and took two, very sharp
quarter-foot long needles; then went to her slave, and very tight holding her
pussy, she inserted the first needle, adding enough pressure to penetrate both
lips. Her 'patient' screamed in agony, she couldn't bare the pain, and yet she
had to obey her master, to fulfill of her diabolic kinky fetishes that were
stored in her fucked up brain. Kazuko took the second needle and shoved right
above the first one, making her scream even louder.

       "How about your nipples?" asked Kazuko, and this was he first time she
didn't received an answer; and even though she didn't received an affirmative
reply she continued proceeding with her experiment. She touched Jon's nipples,
that were very hard, and even though Kazuko loved to pay very extra attention to
them, she couldn't wait to get her hands on Kim, so she finished her art work
with only one tight steel clamp on each adding enormous pain and pressure to
them. After putting on the painful devices, she let her suffer for a few
minutes, while watching her, took the needles out and said: "Okay Jon Do, you're
done, go in that corner, hands over your head and stay there", the slave obeyed.

       She turned towards Kim and ordered to come close to her by moving her
pointing finger; Kazuko raised her chin and said with her smile on her face "now
is your turn sweetheart". Kim had the touched of pure fear on her face, but she
followed her mistress to the 'torture trunk' where surprisingly Kazuko took a
dog collar with a chain as a leash. Kazuko put the leash on Kim, and dragged her
on her hands and knees like and animal to the opposite wall where she ordered
her to crawl like a spider on it. Here, she 'glued' her palms on, then leaving
her hand in that position she took a few steps back, widened her stands, and
sticking her ass out she said "ready mistress".

       "50 strokes with the cane" said Kazuko

       "Yes your highness, as much as you please" replied Kim

       She raised the cane and Smack! Landed on Kim's bare ass. To Kazuko's
surprise she didn't scream or shifted her position, she just stood there. The
Empress swung again, but this time with more force Smack! Smack! the swats kept
hitting her ass, Kim didn't say anything this time either. Kazuko tried to hit
her in divers parts of her bottom, Smack! on the top of her cheeks, Smack! on
her lower part, faster and faster until her but was filled with wells running in
every direction. After a few more swats Kazuko saw something glowing at the
bottom of the chest, it was glowing. She moved towards it and picked it up - it
was a book, she opened and read: "NATET HOTET AZAYO". She, Kim, and Jon Do
disappeared .




Chapter 5

Stepsisters

Warsaw, Poland

November 10,1946





	The winter finally came over the town of Warsaw, which was still
struggling with the aftermath of the Second World War. Since the Russians freed
the city from the Nazi terror that struck the country seven years before, the
communist winter left a scar in the heart of Polish community that inflicted
more pain than the Germans did in the past few years. And even though, the
freedom that this beautiful nation knew before September 1st, 1939 was gone, the
people still moved on with their lives, using every bit of happiness they had
left.

	It was a beautiful Sunday morning in the capital. Olesia Petrovski was
waked by the musical sound of bells from the nearby Church. She got dressed in
her nicest outfit, and with a smile on her face she went to the kitchen for
breakfast. Running down the staircase she encountered her dad, gave him a warm
kiss, and both sat down on the kitchen table.

       Alfred Petrovski was reading the paper, being a survivor of the
holocaust, and later a survivor of the communist invasion, he was a very quiet
person who loved living in peace. He was the type that use to lock himself in
his house for months and relive all the horrors that he encountered in the years
he spend in the camp. Alfred took another sip of tea, raised his head, and in a
very fainted voice he asked his daughter:

       "What are your plans for the day Olesia?"

       "I'm going to the church," answered the girl

       "Come back soon... we need to talk about something... some friends are
coming ...they gonna stay awhile" said Alfred

       Alfred didn't say anything more; he got up, took the dishes and started
cleaning them. Olesia thank him for cooking, grabbed her coat and left the
house. On her way to the bus station she was thinking of all the beautiful
things that will happen in her life. 

       Arriving at church, she entered it, with a strange resentment in her
heart. She went to the altar, said a little pray for the well being of her
father, and sneaking through the back, she entered the cemetery.

       Olesia felt this electrifying chill on her skin; slowly passed between
various tombstones - each telling a story of their own. Here was a father and a
mother, there was the lovely wife of someone, and everywhere you look there were
crosses, candles, and flowers.

       Waking through the dozens and dozens of graves, she came upon a white
marble one with two pictures and am inscription written in gold:

       "In loving memory of our mother and wife

         Ewa Petrovsky

         June 9, 1908 - October 14,1944

                                  In loving memory of our sister and daughter

         Otylia Petrovsky

         December 29, 1926 - October 14,1944"

       Olesia fell on her knees and started crying. It was like somebody took
her heart out, she couldn't do anything, but sit down and cry herself to death.
It's been more than two years since they have died. And every day, during these
two year, she prayed she could turn back time and save her mother and her
sister.

       She remembered all the adventure Otylia and her had, every time they
ditched school, very time they were playing cards, and every time they stick out
to each other. Otylia was one of the persons that use to help everybody; when
one sister was in danger, the other was there to save her on every occasion
except one. She remembered how Otylia died - it was a tragic day for everybody
in Eastern Europe:

       October 14th, 1944. It was one of the darkest days in the Warsaw Ghetto,
the Nazis ordered the extermination on thousands that day. She, Otylia and her
mother went looking for the last scraps of food that was left in the camp, when
SS troops came near by, poking fun of all the women in the world, touching them
everywhere. One of them, a major by the name of Clause Hertz picked on Olesia,
ripping out her blouse, and touching her; when Otylia took a wooden box and hit
him over his head, knocking him out; but then there something happened then
changed her life, another SS guard, took her gun out and shot Otylia and her
mother in cold blood in front of Olesia, who in shock ran to them and wept over
their bodies. She remembers only one detail from that horrible day, the guard's
uniform tag: SS-Oberfuhrer Helga Schumann.

       She tried her eyes, and left. As she left the cemetery, she wished with
all her heart to change the past, to have the power to go back in time and fix
everything, maybe even to change the coarse of history; and even though Olesia
had a soft side to her, the other one was burning with hate and the will of
revenge.

       On her way home, she wondered what was the cause that her father had to
talk to her, because ever since the Warsaw Ghetto, he had barely said a word -
besides their daily conversation, at breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

       She had the strangest feeling that he was hiding something for her; that
some major change was waiting for her, at home. And even though she didn't know
what more could possibly change her life back from the torment she was in, her
heart was pounding with excitement. She arrived at her home a few minutes later,
entered her door and saw something that she didn't expect. There were three more
persons in the house besides her father. There was a woman about the age of her
dad, and two twin girls, one looking more beautiful then the other.

        "Come, come Olesia, I want you to meet someone" said her dad "This is
Lidia Novichi" he pointed to the older woman "and these are her twin daughters:
Basha and Balbina".

       "How do you do" said the twins at the same time

       "Such a lovely daughter you have, Alfred" said Lidia

       "Oh, Olesia is my life," said Alfred drying his eyes. Olesia was stunned,
she didn't know what to say; she just kept staring at the twins, who looked
mesmerizing. There was something about them that she didn't see in anybody
before; there was something that was driving her crazy - aside from their long
blond hair, they baby blue eyes, and their perfect body. Olesia just stood there
admiring the wins, their firm breasts, their slim waste and the stealthiest legs
that she had ever seen. One of the twins asked Alfred were the restroom was, and
as she passed by Olesia, she had a glimpse of the twins round little bottom that
was moving from side to site.

       "So Olesia, do you have a boy-fried" asked Balbina

       "Balbina, how could you ask her a thing like that!" said Lidia with
disbelief

       "Actually... No" answered Albert for her

       "How come?" Lidia asked shocked "such a fine young lady should have
somebody"

       "I'm still waiting to find my true love" replied Olesia "I believe that
for every person there is somebody special, waiting somewhere, to be send in
one's life, when the Lord fells he or she is ready to received His gift of
love"; the truth of the mater was that Olesia was a dyke, and she didn't want
some cockroach-retard to fuck up her life - she hated men - with the exception
of her dad; and then there were Balbina and Basha, who with one look made her
heart spin. And yes, she did loved some one, but it wasn't some dumb-ol' fool,
it was the twins.

       "Father, how did you to met?" asked Olesia

       "Well" stated her father "we both worked at the I.G.Farben factory in
Auschwitz, and we promise to each other we would survive the war and..."

       "And here we are" interrupted Lidia, they both knew that with the horrors
still fresh in their memory, nobody could really talked about it, and the sooner
their conversation was over the better.

       "Dinner is almost ready... shall we?" Alfred changed the subject.

       To Olesia the stories they talked about were fascinating, even though
Lidia tried to change the subject of the conversation a few times, somehow it
came back to the same topic that they were debating before: the Holocaust.  Only
they were not tales of suffering, pain and death but of hope and joy. Albert
started telling all about how he got rescued from Auschwitz, and how he finally
got reunited with his only daughter, days after. It was a marvelous evening.

        After dinner, Albert told Olesia to prepare the beds in the 2nd bedroom
for the guests to sleep in, she did as she was told; and after the dishes were
cleaned and the grownups went to bed, the three girls - Baslbina, Basha and
Olesia - started chatting - a conversation that will completely changed there
lives.

       There were many things they wanted to discuss only they didn't know how
to begin. So, Olesia broke finally the ice:

       "Any of you got any boyfriends?"

       "No" the twins reply at the same time

       "Why?" Olesia, continued the inquiry

       "Because... because... we don't like boys" answered Basha

       "Aha, you're like me... like only girls?" asked Olesia

       "Yes, yes" answered Balbina

       Olesia felt something strange that moment, it was as if she finally found
her world, she was half ashamed half scared to reveal that she was gay. There
was nothing wrong with it, in her heart, but the fucked up world she was in saw
this as a wrong, as something blasphemous.

       And finally, after years and years she found somebody that spoke her
language; that felt the same thing as she did. It was a silent moment that seem
last forever, they each looked at each other, searched their bodies, and finally
she took Balbina and Basha's hand and proposed "from now on let us be not only
friend but as sisters". They both smiled and embraced Olesia. But then Balbina
did something that nobody expected, she kissed Olesia on the lips; and what was
even more interesting was the fact that Olesia kissed back.

       She inserted her tongue in Balbina's mouth, who massaged it with hers.
They quickly started getting passionate with each other: Basha kissed Balbina
while Olesia was touching herself over her clothes by the sight of it.

       "Why don't we go upstairs, where is more quiet?" proposed Olesia

       "What a marvelous idea" replied Basha

       "What are we waiting for" said Balbina

       They all quietly moved to the second floor, and making sure that
everybody was sound asleep they entered Olesia's large bedroom. It was one of
the biggest rooms in the house, with only a closet as furniture, and the rest of
the space was taken by a king size bed, so big, you could put four or five
people in it. As they entered the room, they locked the door - so nobody would
interrupt them - and then they started making out:

       Basha started unbuttoning Olesia's blouse, revealing her bra that covered
her perfectly round breasts; meanwhile, Balbina, got down on her knees,
unbuttoned Olesia's pants, slowly taking the zipper down, and as her pants fell
off her sexy white panties were revealed; Balbina smiled, by the view of the
sight. She grabbed Olesia's left ankle, moving her hand upward, over her knees,
brushing her hips, and reaching for the underwear, she started taking it down,
revealing her pubic hair. Basha did the same thing with the bra, leaving Olesia
naked and exposed in the middle of the room. The twins took a step back,
enjoying the sight of Olesia's nude body, then they simultaneously took off
their clothes. First their shirts, then their pants came off, their bras, and
when they were ready to take their knickers off, Olesia said:

       "Stop! Let me do it!"

       The twins stood topless next to one another in front of Olesia, waiting
for the 'mistress' to check they're bodies. She stood there, with her eyes
searching their naked bodies. She wet her lips, then moved like a panther toward
her first pray: Basha. Arriving at her destination, she softly grabbed her neck,
and French-kissed her, inserting her tongue in the other girl's mouth, who
responded by grabbing Olesia's bottom.

       "You want to spank me, bitch" said Olesia yanking Basha's hair

       "Yes... I do" responded Basha after slapping her ass

       Olesia jumped from the impact of it, and after smiling, she started
tonguing her all over the place. First she softly kissed her neck, then moved
down to her shoulders. Basha started getting really hot, especially when the tip
of Olesia's tongue started playing with her nipples, sucking them, pinching them
until she started moaning. Then the tip of her tongue started going down her
stomach, down her privates until it was inserted deep into her. She started
playing with Basha's pussy, spreading with her fingers the lips apart, and
liking her clitoris; then started fingering her very hard bringing of the edge
of her orgasm, when she stopped.

       "Why the fuck did you stopped?" said Basha angry

       "Not yet honey" Oleasia teased her

       "I want to cum, NOW" yelled Basha.

       But then Olesia did something that nobody expected; she took a long
wooden paddle from under he bed and said: "You know what, I an sick and tired of
your shit, both of you, so why don't you both fucking turn around, put your
palms flat on the wall, and stick those fucking asses out". To her surprise,
they obeyed. They both turned around, without even questioning, placed their
hands flat on the wall, took a few steps back, arched they backs, sticking their
tight butts out, and both said "Ready for punishment" at the same time.

       Basha and Balbina exposed their bottoms properly and waited for Oleasia,
who swing back her paddle and Smaacckk! Landed on Basha's ass making her jump a
little, Smaacckk! The next one hit Balbina's cheeks making her scream.

       "No screaming, girls" Smaacckk! another one landed on one of the twins,
making her jump a little, Smaacckk! then the other one. Olesia started hitting
their bottoms, one hit after another. Changing their color from that pail rosy
that they had at the beginning to a bright red that started to glow.

       While Olesia was working on their bottoms, they stated getting hotter,
and with every stroke of the paddle, their pleasure and pain began to intensify
until it reached the highest point. The twins begun to play with their pussies
as Olesia worked on their asses: "I'm gonna spank you 'till you cum". And as
they stood with their legs spread, after a few more swats Olesia placed the
paddle down; she turned her palm upward, put it between Balbina's legs, and with
a Smaacckk!, she started spanking her pussy, making her moan in discomfort. With
every second gone by, her vagina started to get redder, after a few more stokes,
Olesia ordered:

       "Balbina, I want to sand up straight and spread your legs as wide as you
can"; she obeyed, and as Olesia inserted a few fingers in her anus, then her
other hand in her pussy, she said: "now I want you to cum!", moving her hands
inside of Balbina, after a few seconds, Olesia felt her warm juices running down
her hand - she finally came.

       Olesia turned her attention to Basha, she order her to lie on her tummy
onto the bed and start playing with her pussy, while her slave was doing so,
Olesia took the cane from her closet, and ran it slowly back and forth over
Basha's body, from her shoulders, down her back, over her ass, and then back up
again, - making Basha tremble with fear. Then she raise the cane slowly, and
Smaacckk! landed on her ass. Making Basha scream while she grabbed her ass
checks and roll around in pain.

       "No, this ain't gonna work" said Olesia, she went again to her closet and
took a few pillows, telling Basha to put her ass up, she slid the pillows under
her, raising her ass. She took the cane again, raised it in the air, and landed
it on Basha. It hurt like hell - it was like somebody was cutting her with a
blade. The second stoke was even harder, making her scream even more. But some
how Basha started enjoying her self, each stoke adding more pleasure to her.
Basha finally found something that could discipline her properly, because her
parents would never spank her, and her sister sucked at it. But Olesia was
something else, with each cane stoke a stripe was added to her ass, each more
painful then the one before, after a while her ass started bouncing, but Basha
made it stop by pushing her pussy in the pillow underneath her, with her ass
cheeks immobilized, she could take the abuse more properly. After two-dozen
stokes on her bare bottom, Olesia stopped, leaving Basha rest on the bed -
almost knocked out from the abuse she took. But there was something that took
Olesia attention away from Basha's butt, something glowing... under her bed, he
reached for it and grabbed it, it was a book. She opened the book and read:
"NATET HOTET AZAYO". All three were gone.




Chapter 6

The Island at the end of the Earth

      

       Shannon Long woke up on the worm sandy beach. She thought she was
dreaming; but after a few minutes, she realized that it was not a dream after
all; but somehow, it was real. After she got up on her feet, she washed her face
with the cool water from the ocean (or sea, or lake, or whatever the hell it
was), and started walking, searching for a clue that could tell her were she
was. 

       It was a beautiful day, turning her head towards the island; it was
covered all with palm trees, everywhere she looked. Shannon was thinking that
the only reason that she was in this deserted island was because her boat or
plane had an accident, and now because she suffered amnesia, she doesn't know
how she got here. Only to her disappointment, she remembered.

       Remembered being spanked by her mother for playing with herself,
remembered how bruised her ass was after the whipping she got, and then it
finally clicked: the book. She looked around, but she didn't see anything except
her surroundings. Shannon got on her feet and started moving in an unknown
direction, looking for somebody.

       As she walked barefoot on the beach, she felt the soft sand that was
running through her toes, it was a little bit scary because in all her life she
never experienced such softness, it was like walking on flower, only it wasn't
white, but a very light brownish color; and the sky - there was something very
strange about him too, as she continued her journey on the beach, she stopped
for a minute, and finally realized what was so strange about it - the sky was
changing colors: now it was a little bit orange mixed with red, the next minute
the orange tint disappeared making room for a little green and violet; than that
tint disappeared and a greenish color appeared.

       It was very weird; adding to this  'nature-abnormality' there was no
wind, nor waves - not even a ripple; it was like the water was made of plastic
or something, and yet when she touched it, it was wet.

       As she moved along the edge of the water, admiring all the weird stuff
she encountered: shells bigger than her head, and yet very light; fish that
would come of the water and walk on land, and then she saw the most unbelievable
think in the world: there were two mermaids waving at her from the distance.

       Hey started getting closer to her. Se rubbed her eyes to see for her self
these unbelievable creatures, only to her disappointment they weren't mermaid,
but humans, two beautiful girls running on the sand towards her.

       "Hello, my name is Shannon Long" she said, shaking hands with the
'mystery' girls.

       "Hi, I'm Helga Shumann and this is my friend Linda Hess" one of the girls
replied.

       Shannon was happy to see them, because for one moment she thought that
she was in a movie like Cast Away, stranded alone on an island, having to eat
fish, crab, and coconuts for the rest of her life - the thought of it was
disgusting. But she was not alone; there was Helga and Linda, both looking very
hot. Shannon stood there admiring their tight bodies, fantasizing about that she
would do with them if they were all by themselves on the island.

       Going slowly down the beach, they started talking to each other about:
where they come from, what they do for fun, and from the whole conversation,
they all came up with one conclusion: that they both were three horny dikes
looking for a good time.

       As the evening went on, or whatever the hell it was, they started talking
about all kinds of stuff, about how they got here, what they will do if nobody
comes to save them, and what kind of kinky fetishes they are into. Getting
deeper into the conversation about lesbian sex, they started getting very horny,
each feeling the urge to jump onto the other one and fuck.

       It was one of those very uncomfortable moments when each girl looked
clueless at the other being afraid to do the first move, until Shannon, who
probably was the girl with the most guts on that island, moved towards Linda and
gave her a kiss on the lips. Linda responded by pulling her head towards her
mouth, and kissed back.

       The whole scene was a very exotic one: all three girls were lying naked
on the sand making out with one another. Shannon liked Linda the most, forcing
her on the sand, and jumped on op of her, licking her neck and pushing her
fingers into her pussy, while Helga was working on Shannon's ass.

       There was something about Linda, that Shannon was getting aroused by,
something so erotic that was turning her on, minute by minute. Maybe it was her
innocent puppy face, maybe it was her gorgeous body; she didn't have the
slightest clue. But whatever it was it sure felt good. Shannon liked eating her
pussy the most, spreading Linda's lips apart, pushing her own tongue in,
cleaning her private part all the way up to her navel; and once in a while, she
was shoving her fingers into Linda's cunt, making her moan in pleasure.

       Meanwhile Helga grabbed Shannon's vagina, thrusting it upward, and while
she was fingering her cunt real hard, her other hand was working on her ass:
running it up and down her ass crack, massaging her small checks and from time
to time she slapped her, making her small ass bounce in the air. With each
second gone by, they were getting more aroused, more aggressive with each other.
At one point in time, Helga rubbed Shannon's sweaty butt checks, which started
to get hot and very red from the spanking she was receiving. Each swat started
leaving its mark on the round but of hers.  Helga continued abusing her even
harder when she spread Shannon's ass crack and started licking her small anus:
inserting the tip of her tongue into her, so deep, that Shannon could not take
it anymore. She wanted to come but a voice deep inside her head that was telling
her to resist; to she how much she can resist her urge. She loved Helga's finger
widening her forbidden hole, sliding them as deep as she pleases. There was a
moment or two in that period of time when her asshole started hurting, only for
a little bit, and then the pain intensified, it started to hurt. But Shannon
arched her back even more, presenting her ass even better to Helge, who by now
was using two fingers, diving them as deep as she could into Shannon.

       Shannon started playing with Linda's cunt more and more, rubbing her so
hard, she begun to feel pain instead of pleasure, further more, from time to
time, she was raising her hand upward and with a Slap! she landed it on Linda's
cunt, making her jump from the impact. While doing this, Shannon was getting a
real hard spanking by Helga, who started slapping her ass harder then before,
turning her pale ass color, into a burning red, that hurt more and more as the
time went by.

       Continuing this three-some on the worm sand, all the girls started
getting more and more on the verge of coming than ever before. It wasn't soft
love-making anymore, it was a true gangbang between three very horny sluts. As
each was working on the other, they suddenly started coming one by one: first
Shannon, then Helga and finally Linda. As they all started cleaning themselves
up, by liking one another's juices, they saw a caravan of one-horse carriages
coming toward them, faster and faster, until they came into clear view. Only
Helga, Linda, and Shannon didn't see any horses pulling the carriage, but
pony-girls. 

       There where actually four, one-person carriage, each pulled by a gorgeous
girl, who wasn't wearing anything, except the pulley system that attached her to
the carriage. As they move closer and closer, they started slowing down until
the came to a stop. From one of the carriage a very beautiful woman came,
wearing leather heels, and a very thick leather belt around her small waist,
where she held her riding crop - probably used to discipline the pony-girls, as
the woman came out of the carriage, she came close to the three girls, extended
her hand and said:

       "My name is Mistress Lenna, please to meet you" she shook the hands of
the girls and continued "welcome to the Randada Island, please fallow me".
Shannon, Helga, and Linda got into their designated carriages, and with a short
whistle the pony-girls took off.  Ridding in her carriage, Shannon thought of
all the adventures she is gonna experience on this island, far away from home,
far away from her abusive stepmother; a world where she could masturbate as much
as she wanted to without interrupting her or punish her for pleasuring herself.

       As she rode on, she observed all the beautiful things that were on this
island: exotic birds - some even 15 feet long - flying above her head, tasty
fruits that were hanging on every palm tree; and the most beautiful flowers she
had ever seen, with a range of color that her eyes had never seen before. There
were sunflower-like flowers, three times as big as the ones she had seen in
Georgia, only instead of the yellow-black color combination, these flowers were
green with pink, or orange with blue, or some other crazy combination. It was
very strange traveling in another country, or better said in another world. But
up to now everybody started chatting with one another. Especially Shannon and
Leena, creating a special bond between them. As the pony-girls rode on, the
emotion in the new comers started to intensify, until it reached a certain point
and everybody started talking with everyone else.

       "So, Lenna, where are you taking us?" asked Shannon

       "I'm taking you to the Queen, and is Mistress Lenna to you. You see, here
in the Randada Island, every woman has a special title, except for the slaves"
she said pointing to the pony-girls "and if you don't address them with the
proper respect, you will be punished severely." By the sound of it Helga turned
to Linda and gave her a malevolent smile. They all knew somewhere in their minds
what kind of sick fucked up world they are gonna encounter, and they all were
very excited about it.

       Shannon was biting her fingernail from the anxiety that was running in
her body, she wanted this to be one of those Sherlock Homes storied, with a lot
of hidden mysteries, an endless number of adventures, and lots and lots of
lesbian sex. The only thing she didn't have back in Atlanta, was the freedom of
expressing herself sexually - because every time she did that, her stepmother
would punish her. She hopped this 'out-of-her-world' experience would be the
peak of her lifetime, since back home, her life was a boredom, always fallowing
the rules, always doing the right thing; and this was it, she could finally go
crazy and act upon every urge that was stirring in her.

       Ridding further on, Lenna pointed in a direction, and said that in s few
moments, they are going to see the castle. And she was right; after they passed
over a hill the great towers of the Materassaa Castle started to make their
appearance. It was a sight that nobody has even seen before: the structure was a
few hundred feet tall, with five tall towers and on each one there was a giant
warrior like statue holding a sword - it was very impressive, and around it was
a 200 feet wide river, stopping everybody from escaping or enter uninvited. The
only way you can get into the Materassaa Castle was through a wooden bridge that
was brought down by two steel cables over the river. As the caravan entered the
castle, the new comers were really impressed with the sight. After they entered
the castle, the bridge went up again and the caravan came to a hold.

       Immediately three very beautiful blond girls wearing nothing came towards
the new comers, bowed, kneeled and said:

       "Orders, master"

       "Slave, take these girls and show them into they rooms" ordered mistress
Lenna. The slaves showed the way, passing through corridors after corridors,
until they finally reached their destination - it was a wooden door, and as they
opened it Shannon breath was taken away by the size of this room, it wasn't even
a room, but a palace, where you could find everything you could think of. Full
of happiness Shannon yelled:

       "I'm finally home!!"




Chapter 7

The other side of the Island

      

       Meanwhile on the other side of the island, Basha, Balbina and of course
Olesia woke up, realizing that they were no longer in Warsaw, but in a strange
land. After they got on there feet, they went searching for someone who knew the
island very well and could get them out. Moving along the sandy beach, they
decided to enter in the forest - that seems to cover, the biggest portion of the
island.

       As they entered, they encountered a variety of things, like plants,
monkeys, and something very strange, in a near by tree - it was a human, a girl
to be exact, that stood on the branch of the tree eating something.

       "Ahoy, you there... ape!" said Basha in disrespect.

       The girl in the tree raised her head up, looked in Basha's eyes with
resentment and hatred, and swinging down a tree branch; she made her way down,
and landed in front of Basha, looking at her, like she was a first generation
euro-trash.

       "Who the hell do you call ape, you discussing bitch!" said the girl

       "Who the hell do you call a discussing bitch!" replied Basha

       But then Olesia put herself between the two, trying to avoid a future
fight that could worsen their situation. "Calm down you guys, nobody knows where
the hell we are anyway, so what's the point of fighting" They agreed to shake
hands like in kindergarten and started moving further, deep into the forest,
where they hopped they could find somebody.

       Going further on the trail, they where amazed by the variety of weird
plants and animals that they encountered. The mystery girl that they found in
the tree was no other then Kazuko Kimura, who after realizing that she is no
longer protected by her dad's royal title, she started panicking. Anyhow, she
tried putting on a happy face, so that nobody would notice that she was scared
shitless. But then she realized that wherever she was, she was not alone, there
was Olesia, Basha and of course Balbina to keep her company.

       There was this strange feeling inside of them - like somebody whispered
to them, that they where somehow lost. That nobody would come to their rescue.
The whole atmosphere was like this dark cloud that surrounded them, and then
somehow Olesia felt this relieve that she is gonna be okay. Being the last in
line, she observed something moving a few feet away from where she stood she
distended herself from the group, when Basha said:

       "Where are you going, Olesia"

	"Don't worry about me, you guys go ahead, I will be with you in a
second" she replied. Moving closer to the glowing object, she found what she was
looking for: The Quantata Book. She picked it up opened it and she started
reading; but to her astonish, the letters disappeared - the pages were blank.
She put the book under her arm and started to move, until something in front of
her, made her stop.

       In front of her there was a beautiful girl, brunette, with blue eyes, and
very nicely shaped: with two gorgeous breasts, a very slim stomach, and very
long legs. "Give me the book" and to the girl's amazement Olesia handed her The
Quantata book.

       "Here you go" said Olesia

       "Thank you" said the girl "what is your name child"

       "Olesia"

       "Well you can call me Dominatrix Nataria, or just Nataria, because my
title won't matter to you anymore... let's go to the Queen"

       Olesia was very curious to see what-the-hell Nataria was talking about,
but she didn't quite care, she wanted to see what was the deal with the so
called 'Queen' and then go home. Nataria took her to the end of the forest where
she saw, the most beautiful things in the world: two white unicorns. Getting on
top of one of them, and Nataria on the other, they started ridding. It was very
strange, traveling through an unknown land, wondering in what world she was, but
looking at Nataria's clothes, Olesia realized she must be in a erotic world or
some other dimension that was based on sex and domination.

       Nataria was wearing the strangest clothes she had even seen. Starting
from the top, she wore a very tight leather bra that was squeezing her breasts,
a corset that covered her waist and her outfit ended up with long leather boots.
What puzzled Olesia about Nataria's costume; was the fact that she wasn't
wearing any underwear, leaving her bottom and her pubic hair nude.

       Arriving at the castle - which by the way didn't amaze Olesian one bit,
who by now was familiar with the weird surrounding and expected anything. They
got of their horses and walking through a tunnel, they entered a large room,
filled with, swords, and other medieval weapons that were hanging from the wall.

       At the end of this room, there was a throne with a fully dressed woman,
and next to her there where a number of girls. Looking closely at them, she saw
Basha and Balbina standing each on one side of the throne.

       "My queen" started Nataria "I have brought you something" and she handed
her the book. Arimateka jumped from her sit embraced the book and said in a
happily voice: "Who is this girl?" pointing to Olesia.

       "The girl who found it" replied Nataria

       "What would you say if we make her a Vice?" suggested Arimateka

       "Very well" said Nataria, and left the room

       "Queen?" began Olesia "Where am I?"

       "Sit down my child, it's gonna be a long story" replied Arimateka

       "The whole story begins long before our time, you could say at the
beginning of mankind. When the first couple had their first children, and each
of them had certain powers. There where actually six children, three boys and
three girls. The boys were named: Torrano, Uvery and Sitt, the girls were named
Armaniella, Benna and the youngest: Cceccilia. They all lived in harmony, one
woman with one man: Armaniella with Torrano, Benna with Uvery, and Sitt with
Cceccilia. But one day something went wrong, the youngest of the three girls,
fell in love with Torrano, who after all was the most beautiful male. As
Armaniella came with food from the nearby forest, she saw Cceccilia making love
with Torrano, and out of anger killed them both, writing her story in a book"

       "The Quantata book?" asked Olesia

       "No, each of the three girls wrote a book, Armaniella wrote the Quantata
Book, Benna wrote the Maggina Book, and Cceccilia wrote the Kilaleia Book. Each
book had a certain power: the Kilalelia Book gave the person who read it the
power to make any sexual fantasy come to life; the Maggina Book gave you the
power to transform any object into anything something else; and the Quantata
Book was created for time travel"

       "That is why it came to me?" asked Olesia

       "Yes, but it wasn't meant to - our history tells us that Armaniella
wonted to go back in time to prevent Cceccilia from making love to Torrano, by
killing her; but something went wrong and the book was never seen again, until
today, when you and Nataria came and brought it" she took as short pause, then
continued "that it why I asked Nataria to make you a Vice, as a reward for your
deed"

       "A Vice?" asked Olesia

       "Here in our world" explained Arimateka we have eleven ranks to which a
girl is measured: the lower being the Slave, then the Girl-Slave, followed by
the Girl, then the Semi-Mistress, then Mistress, after that the
Mistress-Dominatrix" Arimateka had to pause to take a breath and then continued
"Dominatrix, Vice-Dominatrix, Vice, Vice-Queen, and finally the Queen - me"

       "So me, being a Vice I have to take orders from the Vice-Queen, right?"
asked Olesia being confused by all the ranks

       "Yes and no" answered Arimateka "here in my kingdom we don't have a
Vice-Queen, so technically you are the second in command" Olesia liked the sound
of that, for the first time she could rule the world - in a way. And then panic
was setting in her mind "what about the others" she thought, especially Balbina
and Basha.

       "Oueen?" she asked

       "Now you can call me by my name" replied Arimateka

       "What about the others?" asked Olesia

       "They gonna be my slaves" replied Arimateka enjoying the fear on the
girls faces; and then to Olesia's relief the queen asked her "Do you want some
of them as your personal servants?"

       "Yes" jumped Olesia like some just poked her ass with a sharp needle

       "Who" asked surprised Arimateka

       "Her and her" said Olesia pointing to Balbina and Basha.

       "All right, there yours" replied the queen

       "And can I make them Mistresses?" asked Olesia

       "Make you a deal: because I don't like newcomers to be as equal as my
trusted companions, Lenna, Manuelle, and Malo," she pointed at three girls
wearing the exact same outfit - a corset covering their waists ending up with
long leather boots, leaving their breasts and pubic hair's naked

       "I'm gonna make your friends Semi-Mistresses; how does that sound?"

       "Perfect" replied Olesia

       "And you will have full ownership of them" added Arimateka

       "Even better, thank you, Arimateka"

        Arimateka snapped her fingers, and three fully naked girls, each holding
an outfit entered the room.

       "These are the slaves" said Arimateka. The girls where gorgeous, fully
undressed, moving their long legs towards the newly appointed Vice. Olesia
looked at them with pity but also with pleasure. She stared at their perfectly
rounded breasts, and they slim stomachs, and finally at there shaved vaginas.
They place the clothes down and Arimateka said:

       "These are yours, meet Yalina, Zenia and Zhanna. They belong to you. You
can do as you please with them, you are allowed to do anything with them: fuck
them, spank then, torture them, and if they don't obey, report them to me"

       Olesia smiled at the three girls and ordered to follow her as she tried
to leave the chamber.

       "Olesia?" Arimateka called her, as she wanted to exit the chamber. Olesia
stopped and with a high tone of voice said:

       "What do you want?"

       "Didn't you forgot something?" asked Arimateka pointing at Basha and
Balbina.

       "You two bitches move your butts!" yelled Olesia. The twins obeyed, but
weren't mad at all at her for pushing them around. After all it was Olesia who
saved their necks.




Chapter 8

Bondage Sessions

      

       So they left the Queen's chamber following the three slaves towards an
unknown destination. Olesia enjoyed her view more then ever, the three slaves:
Yalina, Zenia and Zhanna, where leading the way to the designated location,
shaking they're asses with every step they took. Olesia was daydreaming...
thinkink of the place where she is gonna spend an never ending number of decades
in sex, bondage and every other fucking fetish that she wanted to do with her
five little whores.

        She loved the way their butt-cheeks were moving. Sliding side by side,
as they're perfectly round curves where sliding pass one another; and the only
thing that made this real 'wet-dream' even more arousing was the idea that soon
she's gonna place zebra stripes on those three little asses.

       They moved down the end of the hall towards a wooden door. When they
reached the designated door, Yalina handed a golden key to Olesia and said:

       "After you master" opening the door

       Olesia's eyes widened at the mesmerizing sight she saw in front of her.
It wasn't a room; it was a palace - one of those places that you could only find
in your wildest dreams. It was the dream of every woman to own such a grandiose
place. "How many rooms are in this place, Zenia"

       "Twenty-one, master" answered the slaves

       Twenty-one, told Olesia to herself in disbelieve. It was amassing; she
never saw anything like it. The main room, was bigger than any house she had
ever been in. The flour was made of marble, surrounded by cement columns that
reached at least one hundred feet in the air supporting the glass ceiling above
them that showed only the color-changing sky. It was like something made in
fairy-tales: with leather couches everywhere, with exotic flowers that added
color to this superb ambiance. Zenia took them through every room, each having a
different purpose such as kitchen, restroom, and endless closets filled with
every kind of exotic clothes that a woman ever dreamed of. Zenia approached one
door and said:

       "This is your private room, my mistress" and opened the door

       Olesia remained speechless; she entered a room that looked beyond her
wildest imagination. The room was filled with palm trees, waterfalls, exotic
birds of every color, and fruit trees that made her mouth watery. Also this
place was filled with, what it looked like, endless trees filled with coconuts,
oranges, grapefruits and every other fruit that you could think of.

       At the end of this 'mini-paradise', there was a huge bed, so big, Olesia
was sure it was nine times as big as any bed she had ever seen before; after she
sat on the bed for a few moments she realized that when she lay down, the
mattress changed it's shape in the way her body was turning during her sleep,
and adding to this weirdness, Zenia told her that the bed would release enough
heat or cold in order to increase or decrease Olesia's body temperature as much
as she needed. Even if she was asleep the bed somehow 'know' how warm or cool
Olesia wanted to be her surroundings. Also Zenia gave her a set of furry
headphones - she told her it was a 'dream controller', that could be programmed
to make her owner dream what ever she wanted: nightmares, erotic phantasms, or
nothing at all, as long as she knew how to work its remote-control. After Zenia
told her how to work the 'dream controller', Olesia asked her:

       "Where do you sleep?"

       "In the basement, my mistress" Zenia replied

       "Take me there" ordered Olesia

       "As you wish" Zenia said bowing

       "Balbina! Basha! Where the hell are you?" yelled Olesia

       "Here" they both said at the same time. Both of them came out of their
rooms and fallowed the three slaves towards what it looked like a hatch leading
towards the basement. Reaching the door of the basement, Zenia opened the hatch
and let her mistresses in.

       Olesia look around the torture chamber and saw nothing but whips,
paddles, canes and every type of torment apparatus you could think of. It was a
true bestiality room filled with everything she needed in order to make the
existence of her three little slaves a living nightmare.

       The twins took a look around the chamber. They enjoyed especially the
three well-polished X-crosses that where nailed to each wall, except the wall
where the closet with all the tools where held.

       It was a true erotic dream, Olesia thought, with only one exception: the
dream was reality, and what made it even more arousing, was the fact that she
wall in control of all the action. She was like a porn director, only there
where no visual or sound effect, actors or actresses, everything was live and
uncut.

       Basha and Balbina where amazed by all of the stuff that was in the
chamber. They both roam around like raving lunatics, trying everything on,
touching all the spanking tools, and the torture devices; and by the look
printed on their faces, they looked like they where having a really good time.

       Everybody was so happy that nobody knew where to begin; everybody except:
Yalina, Zenia and Zhanna, of course who had to endure all the things that her
mistresses where going to do to them; and by the malevolent look in Olesia's
eyes, they understand that it ain't gonna look to pretty.

	Yalina was this beautiful young girl with blond hair, and very bright
blue eyes. She was one of the prettiest girls a person can walk in to. She was
tall young woman, with perfectly round breasts. Her belly was very slender
ending up in two very long and beautiful legs that every girl dreams of having,
and the thing that stood out the most was her little shaved pussy adding a touch
of innocence to her gorgeous body. On the other hand Zenia and Zhana where two
tall brunette with gorgeous round pointy tits, her body continuing in a very
slender stomach, and the longest legs that anybody has ever seen before.

	Olesia moved to her first prey - Yalina. She grabbed her very firm by
her trout, moved her face towards her, kissed her very gently on her soft lips,
and moving towards her ear, she brutally yanked her hair and whispered softly in
her year: "We gonna have a lot of fun tonight, aren't we sweetheart". 

	"Yes... mistress... we are" said Yalina in a shaky voice

	"Hey Basha" called Olesia, who came next to her "What shall we do this
naughty vixen?"

      Basha came close to Yalina, touched her over her breasts and said smiling:

	"What if we beat her tits?"

	"What her lovely idea" replied Olesia "and maybe a few little
clothe-pins on her shaved little pussy". Basha was still petting Yalina's
breasts, moving her hand down her stomach it landed on her shaved vagina:
"Slave! What do you think of putting something on that little pussy of yours,
hmm". Yalina was nervous but she accepted their cruel proposal. Olesia walk
towards the 'toy' closet and took two whips, each caring a dozen, braded leather
lashes. One was handed to Basha, and the other to Balbina, ordering them to beat
the slave.

	"Okay girls," started Olesia "I want you to beat her at the exactly the
same time, without any delays, understand"

	"Yes, mistress" replied Basha

     	"Yes, mistress" replied Balbina

	They allowed a few seconds to delay in order to build up tension, and
then Swish! Their whips landed on Yalina's tits. Each stoke left red strips on
her beautiful round breasts. They took one step back, and then again, fast like
a bullet the whip landed on her breasts. Yalina jumped in the air from the pain
that was inflicted on her, and then again, another hit landed on her breasts,
which by now turned redder and redder with each minute gone by. Hit after hit,
the lashed danced on the slave's breasts making them hotter then ever, and every
time the whip embraced her boobs, she use to pull her head backward and let the
pain invade her body. Basha and Balbina enjoyed this moment second by second,
until she began getting really hot. Waves of heat starting invading their bodies
as Yalina continued to take punishment; and by now they both started sweating -
rivers of cool water where running down Basha and Balbina's backs, between their
breasts, making a short stop at their navel, than continued down their stomach,
between their pussy lips, until it stopped right at the mouth of their vaginas.
Continuing to whip Yalina's breast, Basha moved her hand down towards her pussy;
by touching herself she realized that her slit started getting a little wet, and
with each stoke of her whip, she wanted to come more and more. After more than
thirty minutes Olesia stopped the whipping. 

	"Enough!" she yelled. The twins put their whips down. Olesia moved
towards Yalina, and softly touched her breast: it was really hot from all the
lashes she received, touching her hard nipples, she asked her: "can you take
more abuse?"

	"Whatever the mistress pleases," she replied

	"Clamps Basha!" ordered Olesia

	Basha gave her two metal clamps that looked like clothe-pins only the
had a little screw so you can tightened the clam as much as you wanted to. She
took the fist one, grabbed Yalina's left tit, widened the mouth of the clamp,
place the nipple between the walls of the clamp, and tighten it so that the
nipple would be squashed between its walls. As she placed the second one, the
slave was truly in bondage; her breasts hurt more then ever. And even though it
was painful as hell, she was ready for more. As Olesia was touching her on the
lower part of her body, Yalina presented her pussy properly by spreading her
legs properly.

	  "Yalina, Yalina" said Olesia rubbing her pussy "what am I gonna do to
you?"

	  "What ever your heart desires, I am here to serve you, do what ever
you please with me mistress"

	   "Good girl, good girl"

	   Olesia snapped her finger, reached out and grabbed four cloth-pins,
afterward she spread Yalina's pussy lips apart, and one by one she put the pins
on her. She looked like a pincushion with all the clamps and cloth-pins on her
gorgeous body. Olesia took a step back and took another look at her, at her
tortures breasts; at her crowned pussy; at the how innocent she looked, and she
finally decided to let her go by taking everything off her, and sending the
slave to her room. After she left, Olesia snapped her fingers and asked:

	"Who's next?"

	"Take me mistress," replied Zhana

	"Very well... come to me"

	Zhana stepped away from Zenia and slowly came towards her master. Zhana
was this gorgeous shy-looking brunette with long legs and medium size breasts,
and even though she was just another typical girl, there was something about her
that drove Olesia crazy. As the Vice took a seat on the couch, she ordered her
slave to come closer, and closer until she was with her crouch in Olesia's face.
She took her hand and put it on her hip, going upward on her side until she
reached her hip.

       Then she took the same hand and closed her eyes, moving her fingers down
her small little nose she gently inserted in her mouth and ordered her to: "Suck
it". Zhana slowly opened her mouth and let two fingers slide in. She slowly
started sucking them like it was a nipple. Looking into her master's eyes she
saw that Olesia was very pleased with her obedient slave. Having her in her
mouth, her pulse started razing until her whole body shook of passion and
pleasure. She loved that Zhana was very obedient, even for a minor thing like
this. After a few minutes like this Olesia ordered her to lie down on the wooden
bed that was placed in the corner of the chamber, after she had Zhana
spread-eagle on the bed, she tied put hands and legs in position, restraining
her with the leather cuffs that where build in the wooden bed. Seeing her vixen
in position she snap her fingers one ore time:

 	"Basha!"

	"Yes mistress,"

	"Bring a few candles, I want to burn this bitch!"

	"Yes mistress," said Basha with an malevolent smile on her face

	She went to a closed, and pulled two candle stands, caring five candles
each. Basha placed the candles next to Zhana's 'bed', and putting a box of
matched in her hand she said smiling: "Have fun with her"

	"I sure will" replied Olesia








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brittany Heart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





