BDSM Library - Thank You, Master




Thank You, Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is left at home while Master is away, He has left her instructions for her evening shower...
Thank You, Master

I read the list of supplies in my mind, looking again to be sure I had not
forgotten  anything, which was not likely to happen, as my Master knows, I
always follow His  instructions to the letter.

I traced the rim on the bowl holding the ice, my hand trembling, my cunt
clenching, labia  swelling. My fingers then moved to the special candle that was
used only for the showers  my darling Master knows I love. I curled my small
hand around the candle, my fingers  not closing around the large base. I know
the reason this candle was chosen...it is a navy  blue, my Master's favorite
color and a perfect foil for my skin. Letting go of the candle, I  ran one
shaking finger down the length of the last item, the wood smooth and the one 
metal edge, not sharp enough to cut, but definitely sharp enough to leave an
amazingly  thin welt.

Shaking myself out of my reverie, I picked up the bowl of ice, the candle, and
the 18"  wooden ruler, then made my way into the master bathroom. Placing the
items on the vanity, I lifted the matches from my jewelry box and lit the 
candle, watching the flame for a moment, feeling a shiver run down my spine,
thinking of  what was to come. I turned and began moving the full-length mirror
into position in front  of the shower. I know that Master enjoys the knowledge
that I watch myself for Him, so  that I may relate every detail to Him, but also
as a reminder that the hands touching me  are not mine, the eyes watching my
skin flush, my breasts harden, my cunt swell and  begin to drip are not mine. So
that I may see the beauty He sees, when watching these  things for Himself.

I began to strip, first removing my rough-out work boots and socks, next my
jeans,  sliding over my hips, down my still lightly tanned thighs and calves,
over and off of my  small feet. I rose to stand, looking at myself through
Master's eyes. Seeing the feet with  dark blue polish on the small nails,
looking almost black, a tiny tribute to my Master's  liking for a bit of the
gothic, skimming over my calves and up my thighs, the light blue  men's shirt
covering the rest, my gaze continuing to my throat, which in my prayers will 
one day wear His black collar, signifying that I am His until the end of Our
days, past my  face, for this is the hardest for me to look at, to my dark
auburn curls, falling just past my  shoulders.

I lifted my hands to begin removing the shirt, my scarlet tipped fingers shaking
lightly,  working each button lose, shivering as I watch the shirt open to
expose creamy breasts,  not perfect in my eyes, but I know that in His, they are
what every man dreams of. A faint  flush crawls from my high cheekbones to my
chest and further still to my tummy as the  shirt falls to the floor. My gaze
travels to my freshly shaven mound, seeing His name  written there in black
marker, as Master is not sure yet that I am ready to receive a  permanent
marking there. My fingers curl to keep from tracing the line of my slit, which 
is already glistening in the light and dark pink.

I force myself to turn away and turn on the water in the shower, watching as
steam begins  to curl around me. I lift the supplies from the vanity and place
them on the shelf inside  the shower, being careful not to spill the wax that
has pooled in the candle.

I stepped into the shower and gasped as the hot water hit my skin, goose bumps
rose on  my arms and legs, my scalp tightened. I shampooed and conditioned my
hair then washed  from face to toes. I shaved again, even though I had done so
this morning, my arms, my  armpits, my legs, and finally, I bent double and
carefully shaved from the top of the crack  of my ass to the top of my mound,
leaving not one small hair, wanting nothing to block  the sensations of the hot
wax hitting the tender flesh there later.

I then placed 3 pieces of ice into my waiting cunt, it tightened almost
instantly, not that  this was needed by any means as I work very hard to keep my
Master's cunt very tight  for both our pleasure, I bent at the waist and slid
first then one and then another piece into  my ass, feeling it clench around my
slim finger. Master has never forbidden me pleasure,  not even as punishment, He
loves knowing I can no longer control my bodies reactions to  Him. I slowly
fingered my clenching ass pushing the ice deep, enjoying the movement  inside of
me. I placed more ice inside my ass holding the water from the melted ice 
inside, having already cleaned myself there with an enema, I was not worried
about a  mess.

I then sank to my knees in the tub, the water hitting me in the chest, I lifted
the ruler and  rubbed it onto my breasts, feeling them swell, then lightly
trailed it down my stomach,  then slid it over my mound and between my legs. I
lurched hard at he feeling of the hard  wet wood sliding along my clit. I forced
myself to lift the ruler to about two feet above  my right thigh, took a deep
breath, closed my eyes, and brought the ruler down hard. The  wet smack was
drowned out by my loud gasp, and I felt my cunt instantly release a small  bit
of water. I lifted the ruler again, swung down fast before taking time to think
about it.  Twelve smacks later, my eyes streaming tears onto my flushed cheeks,
I looked down at  my thigh, the welts dark red, bruising already beginning.

I pressed three more pieces of ice into my aching cunt, fingering myself fast
for a few  moments, panting, watching myself in the mirror, hair slicked back
from the water, skin  pink from the heat, breasts heaving with each breath,
sweat rolling down my face, mixing  with tears. I began on my left thigh, again
striking hard enough to cause myself to  scream, tears falling freely, each
smack causing me to get closer the that place where pain  becomes secondary to
the pleasure that is felt, welts rising from the inside of my knee to  just
below my cunt, which was dripping water and juices now, aching to be filled with 
more then ice.

I finished the twelve strokes, sobbing as I was so close to going over that
edge. I began  shoving ice inside my cunt and ass, filling each to capacity, the
burn was amazing, sharp  and stinging, mixing with that of my thighs. I opened
my thighs as wide as possible and  raised the ruler above my cunt, opening the
lips to expose my engorged clit, which was  throbbing. SMACK....I brought the
ruler down as hard as I could on my clit. The scream  didn't sound like me, it
was almost animal. My cunt began to spasm as I rubbed the ruler  against it,
masterbating against it, making love to it. I forced my eyes to remain fixed on 
the creature in the mirror. I thought, "Christ...she is the most beautiful thing
ever  created."

As the wave began to ease and my breathing to slow, I laid the ruler down. I
picked up  the candle, brought it to my mouth, licking slowly up the side,
worshiping it as I would  Master's cock, being very careful not to tip it. I
leaned back and let the wax pour onto my  left then right breast. My combined
scream and groan was a feral sound, like a wounded  animal. My body began to
move as I watched in the mirror, flowing like silk in a breeze.  I continued to
pour wax, feeling it slide down my tummy to my mound, burning, making  my cunt
and ass clench again. I stopped pouring before the wax could touch my clit so I 
could fill my once again aching cunt with more ice. I had to do this fast as I
was once  again so very close to going over that edge.

The water hitting my thighs was burning almost as much as the wax had. I lifted
the  candle again, this time above my cunt, knowing that more had pooled in the
base. I took a  deep breath, laid my left hand against my left thigh, digging
the nails into the welt closest  to my knee. I tilted the candle, at the moment
the wax hit and began coating my open  cunt, I raked my nails hard up my thigh,
scratching deep, screaming loudly as I dropped  the candle, rubbing my right
hand over my cunt, cumming and filling my hand with  water, juices, and wax, my
left hand continuing to scratch my now painful thigh, again  forcing my eyes to
remain open and staring at myself, gasping hard, sobbing my Master's  name,
sweat and tears falling from my face onto my wax coated breasts.

I laid in the bottom of the shower, taking deep, gulping breaths, hands at my
sides, my  eyes finally closing, letting the water run over my body, my thighs
beginning to burn  worse. I gently washed the wax from my red skin, wincing and
hissing through clenched  teeth. I slowly rose, holding onto the towel rack with
both hands, stepping out of the  shower on shaking legs.

I knelt on the floor, water dripping from me, a slow smile forming on my flushed
face,  new tears starting as I traced trembling fingers over the welts and 
newly forming bruises  on the insides of my thighs. I looked into the mirror,
into my Master's eyes and  whispered, "Thank You, Darling Master."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Daphne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





