BDSM Library - One to Remember




One to Remember
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dave insists that his sassy sister Sarah receive a spanking or be kicked out of the local gang. Sarah turns the table on Dave by asked Jeff to give her the spanking.
One to Remember

Chapter 1

Looking back I missed a few opportunities during my youth. I know now that such
opportunities are few and far between, but in those days I spent a lot more time
worrying about what was right and what others might think. This is a story about
one time that I got it right, though some might disagree.

Sarah was a kid in the neighborhood. As far as I recall she was always around.
She was a tomboy. There was a group of us growing up together. We were a "gang".
Mischievous, but nothing serious. The earliest I recall her being around I was
12. She was a few year younger than me. We used to pick on the younger kids. We
were not cruel, it was all in fun. They had to do what we told them if they
wanted to hang around. We would make them do things like steal panties off the
neighborhood cute young wife's line, go to the store to buy candy and clean up
our secret hideout. Once in a while one of the younger kids would refuse. We
would either kick them out of the gang or they would have to accept some
punishment. Usually this came down to completing a dare.

Once, when I was 17, Sarah mouthed off to her older brother Dave in front of the
whole group. He was really pissed and told her she was out of the gang. She
started to cry. It was strange, I had always thought of her as being a tough
kid. No tears, just a lot of sass.

Sarah was going on somewhat incoherently. Between tears and sniffles she kept
repeating "it's not fair". After she started to quiet down Dave seemed to be
sticking to his guns. I felt a little sorry for her, so I said that she should
have a chance to make up for her "mistake".  Dave told me to keep out of it, it
was a family thing. I said that it happened in the group so it was a group
thing. Dave looked really pissed. For a minute I thought he was going to take a
swing at me. Then he said "fine, if she wants to stay she needs to be punished".
Sarah was pissed, but she knew better than to argue. "If she wants to stay she
needs to be spanked", Dave said. "On her bare ass", he added.

Sarah lost it. She ran at him and hit him on the chest with her fists. He was a
good 50lbs heavier and 12 inches taller. He just laughed at her. Sarah screamed
"there is no way I am letting you touch my bare as, let alone spank me". Dave
said, "fine by me, then you are out". I thought Dave was being a real ass. Sarah
had gotten a bit carried away, but she didn't deserve to be ostracized. "No
reason why you have to be spanked by Dave", I said to myself but apparently out
loud. When I looked up the whole group was looking at me.

This was an interesting turn. What would Sarah decide? Would she agree to be
spanked by another member of the group? More than a couple of boys in the group
looked eager.

"Nobody else is going to spank my little sister on her bare ass".

"Screw you big brother", Sarah retorted, "I should get to chose". This had
gotten really interesting, I thought.

Sarah started to look around the room as though she was trying to decide. The
guys looked really eager. I figured she would choose another girl. The silence
became uncomfortable. Then she did something that I did not expect. Sarah looked
up at me and said I want you to spank me. I was shocked. For a minute I didn't
say anything. The first thing out of my mouth was simply "Sarah?!"

Now Dave was really pissed. He looked down at her a said "go home".

"No", she said.

"If you don't go home now I am going to tell Mom and Dad".

"Fine, but if you do I will tell them that you were going to spank me".

That got Dave's attention; he didn't want to go there with his folks. "OK", he
said, "who is it going to be? He acted like he had not heard her previous
request.

Sarah didn't even hesitate, "Jeff" she said. I was in a state of shock. I hadn't
even considered this turn of events.

"No, ..I can't, you're just a kid".

"Fine, you're out of the group, go home", Dave said.

"Please Jeff, please do this for me".

Now this was weird, this kid (I did think of her as a kid) was asking, almost
begging me to give her a spanking on her bare ass. I didn't think I should. On
the other hand I was kind of helping her out ... and, I had to admit, spanking
her did sort of intrigue me.

"OK, I'll do it".

I heard a lot of whispering. For a minute I had forgotten the other people in
the room. Then Dave said "it isn't going to happen".

"It was your idea big brother", Sarah said spitefully.

Dave was fuming. "Fine", he said, "fifty smacks on each side. Everybody needs to
leave but me and Jeff".

The air went out of the room. It looked like one or two of the guy might argue,
but they thought better of it. Dave was the biggest guy in the group and he was
pissed, nobody had the nerve to cross him.

Slowly the group shuffled out. Dave closed and locked the door behind them. The
three of us stood quietly for a minute. Was this really going to happen? Then
Dave said, "you asked for it Sarah, get your pants off".

"What?"

"I told you, bare assed. You picked Jeff. Strip from the waist down. I will hold
your clothes".

Sarah started to say something, but thought better of it. Slowly she unsnapped
her jeans and pushed them down her legs. I caught a brief glimpse of pink flesh,
but her sweatshirt had covered her for the most part. I didn't want to catch her
eye, but when I did she was looking at me sort of gratefully. This just kept
getting weirder.

Dave broke the silence, "Jeff, sit down on that chair. Sarah, lie over his lap".
We both did as we were told. "Fifty spanks on each cheek".

Sarah opened her mouth as if to argue, but thought better of it. I looked down
as her backside. It was still mostly covered by her sweatshirt. Trying not to
touch her I carefully slid her sweatshirt up over her ass until the bottom of it
lay on the small of her back. Her ass was perfect. I had never looked before. At
fourteen she was just starting to develop. I had noted small breast occasionally
visible beneath her sweatshirts, but she dressed like a tomboy, so her figure
was not really noticeable. I was a quiet kid and hadn't had much "experience"
with girls in high school, but I knew where my Dad's magazines were and I had
certainly spent my share of time admiring pretty girls.

Dave broke the silence "what are you waiting for. Sarah, I expect you to keep
count".

I swatted her left cheek and then her right.

"One".

You are going to have to actually spank her. If her ass isn't bright red by the
time you are finished it does not count.

My next spanks were quite a bit harder.

"Two, you better hit me harder", she said. Apparently this was not her first
experience with spankings.

I started to gain confidence. Each pair of spanks was a little bit harder. By
the time I reached ten she was starting to fuss a bit. I was starting to enjoy
this experience and it scared me a little. I sat silently for a couple of
minutes. The only sound in the room was Sarah's breathing. When I did not
continue Sarah looked back over her shoulder and said "it's ok, keep going".
Tough girl I thought, I was truly impressed.

I started again. By twenty I was getting into it. I noticed that my dick was
hard, really hard. I must have been hitting a lot harder too, she had started to
cry, but she continued to count and she didn't complain.

I took another break at twenty. This time I was just enjoying the situation.
Sarah had lost some of her composure. She wasn't holding her legs tightly
together any more. I could see beads of sweat forming on her back and some
moistness on her pussy, which had become more prominent as she let her legs part
slightly.

I started back in on her. Her ass was getting very red, it encouraged me. She
started to sob quietly. When she forgot to count Dave stopped me.

"If she doesn't count they don't count", he said.

"Twenty five", she blurted out.

"No", he said "you have count as we go".

"Asshole", Sarah whispered under her breadth.

"Start at twenty one".

I started in again. I felt a little guilty, but I wasn't at all sorry that this
was going to go on a little longer. Sarah was counting now. It was sometimes
difficult to understand her, but she counted on every second stroke. She had
forgotten any modesty. Her legs were spread open and her head had dropped to the
floor leaving her asshole and cunt well open to my view.

I stopped for my now customary rest at 30. It was quit a rush. Her sweatshirt
had slid down her back. I think that her breasts were exposed, but I couldn't
really see. I didn't care, the view from were I sat was just fine. Sweat was now
running down her back and it appeared that juice was coming from her cunt. At
first I had thought it more sweat, but now I knew better. A strand had started
to hang from her pussy and had then attached itself to her inner thigh. My dick
was so hard it hurt. She must have been able to feel it, but I didn't care. She
gasped for air during her rest. Her pussy had changed. He lips had spread apart.
I could practically see inside her. Her asshole winked at me with each breadth.
It was intoxicating.

I realized I better continue before Dave started to wonder what I was up to. I
started to spank again. They were probably harder than before. I didn't care; my
own passion for the situation was coming through now. Sarah started to make
various noises, grunts, ows, damns, etc. She was counting, I don't know how. I
think she was beside herself. Her cunt juice was flowing freely. A small puddle
had formed on the floor. Her ass was rising to meet by hand. Between spank she
seemed to grinding her crotch into my knee. I had to keep re-centering her on my
lap so she didn't fall off. I reached forty. I stopped, but her sobbing
continued, so did the grinding of her hips. Her breathing increased. She was
crying and moaning at the same time. I noticed a wet spot on my pant leg. It was
more juice from her pussy. There seemed to be plenty to go around.

I wanted to stoke her pussy so bad. I looked like an invitation. It was open and
begging for attention. She quieted, but continued to grind her crotch into my
knee.

"Only ten to go", Dave said.

That really broke the mood. I had nearly forgotten he was there. I raised my
hand for the final set of ten. I didn't want to start. Starting meant finishing
and I didn't want it to be over. When I brought my hand down Sarah shrieked. I
let my hand linger, my finger grazing her pussy and asshole. She pushed against
me. I withdrew, not wanting Dave to notice, and completed the first spank to her
other cheek.

I continued to leave my hand on her ass to feel her ass and pussy as much as I
thought I could get away with it. Her cries turned to moans, grunts and hip
thrusts. As I completed her last spanks her body tensed, she was gasping for air
and she fell from my lap to the floor. She hadn't counted the last ten, but Dave
didn't notice (or perhaps he did not care).

I knew that this had been more than a spanking, but I didn't really understand.
It was not until months later that Sarah told me she had an orgasm just as I
finished the last set.

She lay at my feet for what seemed like quite a while. Her ass was facing me and
I could not help but to continue to admire her wet pussy and asshole.

Finally, Dave broke the silence by throwing her jeans at her face. She was
startled, as though from a trance. She quickly got dressed and stood to leave.
They left together, she didn't look at me. Her eyes were downcast as she
followed her brother from the room.

When I stood to leave it hurt. My dick had not softened. It was difficult to
stand. I noticed a small piece of white fabric on the floor against the wall. I
walked over and picked it up. It was Sarah's panties. Apparently they had fallen
from her pants when Dave picked them up. They were just plain white panties, but
they had special meaning to me. I put them in my pocket and walked from the
room, feeling a little sad. What a rush, but it was over now. I knew I would
remember this night for the rest of my life.

End of Chapter 1.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  OneTimeMaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





