BDSM Library - The Nerd




The Nerd
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young nerd enslaves an Amazon woman who used to pick on her with the help of her sister, and look as the cards helping her.
&lt;The nerd&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Young nerd enslaves an Amazon woman who used to pick on her with the help of
her sister, and look as the cards helping her.&gt;

Note_1: below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.
Note_2: I want to thank Ted E. bear for the help.
Note_3: the story "from a mayor to a slave will be continued in a while.
Note_4: this story is the 1st of a set of short stories.

Angelica woke-up naked, tied on a chair. It seemed strange to her. All she could
remember was that she abused this nerd, and left her crying with torn dress. To
Angelica picking on nerds was a sport... like hunting. She just loved to be a
bully. In fact from being a bully she had money and power. Suddenly as she tried
to move, the feeling returned to her, and she felt pain coming from her: tongue,
nose, nipples, bellybutton, pussy-lips and clit. That pain was nothing like she
ever experienced.

She tried to see, but there was something which hid the world from her. Suddenly
another feeling came. There was something inside her ass and pussy. That
something was huge and she could feel how it tore her ass. She tried to listen;
maybe she will fine a clue to where she was. However, she had something in her
ears which prevented that from happening.

Poor Angelica felt as if she worked the entire night, and suddenly she felt very
dirty. Suddenly she heard a voice saying like a mantra: "my new name is Angie
dumb. I'm a sex-slave, and I only love Jane E. Wales. I don't like ANY other
women. I am suffering from a savvier case of: Achluophobia which is the fear of
the dark, Catagelophobia (the fear of being ridiculed), and Chrematophobia (fear
of money). I also suffer from: Androphobia (fear of men), and Xenophobia (fear
of strangers or foreigners). I also suffer from: Aeroacrophobia (the Fear of
open high places, Agoraphobia (Fear of open spaces or of being in crowded,
public places like markets, or Fear of leaving a safe place). I also suffer from
savvier cases of: Glossophobia (fear of speaking in public or of trying to
speak). Furthermore, I'm suffering from: Scolionophobia (Fear of school),
Ecclesiophobia (Fear of church), Didaskaleinophobia (Fear of going to school)
Topophobia of being out of Dr. Maria's clinic without permission and the doctor
or my mistress's company.

I came to this clinic by my own free will, after I was advised by the school
counselor. I need help to be cured. My condition is getting worst by the minute.
Soon I'll be able to deal with my Paralipophobia (the Fear of neglecting duty or
responsibility), however, it won't take me long to return so I need to remain
with my Dr. and her sister, Jane, and do my best to help them.

My responsibilities are that I will; obey Jane, and shell follow are orders,
smile ALL the time, and remain naked all the time, unless it is time for school.
I am a whore and needs my mistress."

Meanwhile, at the front door were two female figures. The 1st was a young
teenager who was dressed in: flat black shoes, white knee-high socks, blue
knee-high skirt, button shirt, a tie and a jacket with the symbol of the local
girl school. Under that, the young girl wore: bra and girdle panty. Other then
that, the girl's hair was held in a conservative bun, and she had thick pair of
glasses.

However, the 2nd figure looked more like a 24 year old, and was not as
conservative as the other. This woman was dressed as a complete slut in an
outfit which included: 7" pumps, tight spandex shorts and a tube-top. Other then
that, she had over her shoulder a plastic purse. Her face wore heavy makeup, and
her hair was held in a ponytail.

This couple seemed to be very strange. However, it didn't stop them from being
together. Each figure held shopping begs. Once they were inside the house, the
teen told the woman: "I love you sis. What you did for me last night was great.
Now what?"

"Well, we are going to get this whore in shape my dear." The woman said.

"But sis', she will kill ME." the teen said.

"No she won't. You see Jane; we have a few things about her. A few things which
I do not think that she would like anyone to see. We are going to blackmail her,
and she would eventually become YOUR toy at those long nights when I'll be of to
work. When our parents died I told you that I'll take care of you, and that is
what I will do. Look Jane; I know that you hate to be alone, so I'll help you.
With my new training program; you'll never be alone." The woman said.

"Can I go and play with her?" Jane asked.

"Not yet my dear. She must be alone in the dark for a while. You see Jane; I'm
washing her brain, and once I'll finish she would be ALL yours." The older women
said.

"Say Maria; why are you working as a whore, and not as a psychiatrist?" Jane
asked.

"No one accepted me. Now go and do your homework!" Maria ordered and Jane
followed. Jane always been a good sister, and that is why Maria helped her. She
knew that her sister, Jane, was a submissive and needed help.

After a while, when Jane finished her homework she looked for Maria when she
noticed that the door to the basement was open. At that moment a fear caught up
with Jane, who grabbed a bat. Then as Jane did her way to the basement, she saw
her older sister, Maria, sitting there and taking notes. Then as Jane looked at
Angelica, her bat dropped as the kidnapped bully's hair was now as white as a
ghost.

As Jane looked on, she remembered the Tarot reading that she did last night to
Angelica. Jane always believed in the cards which gave her strength to continue
on. As a nerd she was the victim of abuse of ALL types, and that was her way to
run away. Once when Jane and Maria were in Romania, they went to see this gypsy
who was very impressed with the way that Jane respected the cards that she
actually gave Jane a pack of 78 cards and told her: "I checked, and found that
these will be safer with you. Please take care of the cards and clean them. In
return the cards will take care of you after five years in which they will be in
your hands. Clean they respect them AND don't harm them be patient and you'll
get what you deserve."

Since then for the last five years Jane did as she was ordered and now she
needed help. That bitch Angelica bullied her and she had no way of stopping her.

In that reading Angelica received: the chariot, strength (upside down), death,
the hanged man (upside down), and the devil. And now she saw how the chariot
came into play with Maria and Angie. Angie was the strong woman until now.
However, the strength which she was so proud of was nothing as a more powerful
woman (Maria) was in the shadows.

Just as Jane was about to say something, she looked how her older sister placed
a Locking Leather Hospital Mitts over Angelica's hands before she freed her.
Once Maria finished, she helped Angelica to stand before she placed a neck and
Spine Immobilizer over her captive's upper body. Then Maria led the blind,
half-naked captive to a bad and then she chained her legs spread to the bad
post. For the rest of the night, Angelica will be raped over and over by
neither: Jane or her (Jane's) older sister Maria.

* * * * * * * * *
The 1st month of Angelica's enslavement went without ANY problems, and it was as
if the cards talked as if ALL the cards did their job.

Over the last month poor Angelica was fucked on a daily basic. Her only clothes
were green: hospital gown, flat shoes and green leather collar. this Angelica
was a changed woman. her mussels were gone as she turned into a chubbier woman.
Her entire body was bigger. Her hair remained white, her face (which used to be
the only feminine thing in her body) became fatter, and her lips changed as
well.

With the help of Jane (who kept her in shape) Angelica was fat, but she was
beautiful. Jane knew that, and used it for her advantage as she turned the cow
into her entertainment. The nerds which Angelica used to: torture, abuse, extort
and torment had their revenge as they humiliated the poor cow for their
entertainment.

Angelica's life was changed as she became the "friend" and lover of Miss Jane.
Jane only allowed her cow to wear sexy: Lingerie, coats, babydolls, gowns and
her collar. it was very easy for Jane because she claimed that Angelica suffered
from: Vestiphobia (Fear of clothing). At 1st no one believed Jane and Angie,
however, it changed once she came with a note from Angie's psychiatrist, Maria,
who made sure that NOONE will arrest neither her sister nor her toy.

With Angie's new pair of thick, fat and moist lips, she became the main income
of the sisters who turned her into a sex-starved nymph. As a slave, Angie spent
most of her time at the basement which became the dungeon of the room. Maria,
who used their adduce as her personal "dungeon" in which she kept her ex-pimp,
suggested the idea and helped her sister to get everything when she agreed.

Maria despised that man, and decided to teach him a lesson. So with that she
gathered ALL of the 50 whores who worked for him, and after they built a commune
(as they bought the entire neighborhood), the girls worked on shifts. Each shift
had 25 whores who had that pimp for 12 hours, while the other 25 worked. The
ex-pimp was dressed as a hooker and was forced to get "clients" from his former
employs which treated him as they were treated. The whores loved Jane who kept
the books for them, and taught her EVERYTHING that they knew.

Everything was great until one day Maria gave Angelica a paper, and dictated to
her what to write:

"Hey ma and pa.

Like Angie getting better and stuff... (Giggle...) Angie still suffers from
those meany fobias and stuff. (giggle...) Doctor Maria says that Angie doing
just fine, but Angie has a few problams. (giggle...) Like Angie kinda doing what
Doctor M' wants and stuff, but Angie can't leave the clinic. (giggle...) Angie
used to be a dirty whore, and she needs help and stuff. (giggle...) Angie's life
evolved around tormenting people who were smarter then Angie and stuff.
(giggle...) So Angie kinda wanted to ask to remain with Miss Jane and Doctor
Maria. (giggle...) For that Angie needs to have money and stuff. (giggle...)
Angie writes like that, because Angie is dumb. Miss Jane is so smart and stuff.

Like bye; Angie Dumb.

PS.

Like my IQ is now: 65 points.

Since that day, Angelica's IQ points dropped by another 45 points. There was
nothing that anyone could do; Jane wanted her to be dumb, and the ex-Amazon
complied with "her own free will." So it was all legal. Even Maria's lawyer, a
woman called: Anne Smith was pleased with the new situation as nothing "smelled
funny."

Since that cow, Angelica, was supposed to be a whore; Jane, Maria and the others
came up with a plan working under the guide of Anne. the plan was to turn the
cow into a mindless lesbian sex-slave and whore. So they decided that they will
continue with plan A which included: drugs and brain manipulations. However, now
they will go direct to the cow's brain.

At the basement there was a movie room in which they forced Angelica to watch
lesbian movies (as they wanted her to become a confirmed lesbian, who isn't
looking forward to having sex with men) with subliminal suggestions, both in
barely heard words, as well as in quick words flashed on the screen so fast,
that she doesn't even consciously see them.

While she watched these movies, she had a dildo fucking her cunt and electrodes
attached to her nipples and clit. When she saw a lesbian scene, she was shocked
in such a way as to produce an instant, intense orgasm, as the dildo pleasurably
fucks her. Then, when she saw a scene with heterosexual sex, the dildo sprouts
sharp though short needles, to hurt her pussy, and the shocks that she received
to her nipples and clit are very high powered so as to cause her intense pain.

In two months the dirty bitch will never be the same.

The end of the nerd.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





